Impossibear94
I was asked to continue the story of Sir Mittens, so here is part two. I loved writing this, so I will probably make more eventually.

--------------------------------

The great bearded dragon, known far and wide throughout the land as Onyx the Green Tailed, nuzzled Sir Mittens. The two turned to go. They slowly scaled down the side of Onyx’s mountainside perch. Small pink paws and great sharp talons slowly crawled down. The sun shone on their backs as they descended.

The green of the forest surrounded them. They walked in a line, the great Sir Mittens leading the way. Onyx followed the heroic feline, slow and peaceful. The thicket of the forest broke away. Onyx and Mittens crossed the cultivated land of the Kitty Kingdom. In the distance, rising above the green, rolling plains, stood the King’s Castle. Great spires and walls, buttresses and towers, rose up above the green soil. Sir Mittens stared proudly at the tuna fish banner flying atop the castle’s spires.

The Kingdom’s nobles watched Sir Mittens and Onyx the Green Tailed approach. A peal of cheers broke out as the two brave heroes crossed the wooden drawbridge. Sir Mittens, with fluffy chest poofed out in pride, strode down the cobbled streets of the castle. He led Onyx into the King’s grand hall. There, seated upon a throne of velvet and gold, sat the imperious King Meow. The King let out a long, satisfied purr as the two warriors approached. The King’s court lazed around the room, soft tails slowly twitching back and forth.

“Sir Mittens.” The King spoke out, addressing the two. “I see you have brought the legendary good boy, Onyx the Green Tailed, as I had asked.”

Sir Mittens bent to one fuzzy knee. He brought up a paw and softly licked himself. Onyx went down on his tum, purring softly. He was pleased with his title of good boy.

“Yes sire.” Sir Mittens said.

King Meow let out a soft purr. His eyes serious as he stroked his whiskers absentmindedly.

“You both are the greatest warriors of the Kitten Kingdom. I have a grave task for the two of you.” King Meow said.

Both Sir Mittens and Onyx looked up. They wondered what the King could possibly need of them.

“Far past our forests and kingdoms, in the Desert Lands, there is a famous Bun Warrior known as Sir FooFoo. He is of the Cotton Tail Tribe. I have been tasked with rescuing him, and I can only trust the two of you with such an important quest.”

Sir Mittens and Onyx nodded solemnly.

“We will depart at once.” Sir Mittens replied, a noble fire set alight in his very petable chest.

With a bow and a swirl, Sir Mittens and Onyx turned to leave. Mittens’ read cape fluttered through the air as they pounced out of the hall. Once again, Sir Mittens left the castle amidst the roaring noise of applause and cheers. Tales of his heroic deeds and actions easily spread throughout the castle. The entirety of the Kingdom lined the cobbled streets to cheer on the two great heroes. Sir Mittens’ tail twitched back and forth. A great grin revealed two rows of tiny little teeth. He strode forward with determination, ready to save Sir FooFoo from whatever harm may have befallen the great Bun Warrior.

The two set off across the wooden drawbridge. Their soft paws trod over packed dirt and soil roads as they left the castle behind. They passed farmland and forest, adventure set squarely in their eyes. On the edges of the Kitten Kingdom, on the very precipice of the Desert Lands, the two great heroes came to a small outpost.

The outpost was simply an inn on the side of the road. Sir Mittens slowed the pace, and stared at the inn for a moment. It was a wooden building, only two stories high. Beside the inn was a stable. From behind the stable, Sir Mittens and Onyx the Green Tailed could hear a great commotion of grunting and heaving. Sir Mittens, ever willing to let curiosity take hold, walked off the road and towards the stable. He hunched slightly, and stalked behind the stable. Onyx followed suit, doing his very best to hide his great frame.

Sir Mittens peered around the corner. He saw a small gecko, eyes wide, and mouth agape. The gecko stood on her two hind legs, and pranced around a wooden dummy. A great, pink tongue lolled out of the gecko’s open mouth. Sir Mittens watched in silence, intrigued, as the gecko hopped around the dummy. With a sudden explosion of movement, the gecko heaved and jumped towards the dummy. In a flurry of motion, she planted several loving pats on the dummy, and finished the combo off with an encouraging hug. Sir Mittens, watched, impressed.

“Where did you learn to encourage like that?” Sir Mittens asked, stepping out from his hiding spot behind the stable.

The gecko hopped back in surprise. A small shriek escaped her lips.

“Who are you?!” The gecko asked.

Sir Mittens gave a small bow of apology.

“I beg your pardon. I am Sir Mittens, a loyal knight to King Meow of the Kitten Kingdom. And this.” Sir Mittens said, stepping aside to reveal Onyx. “Is my companion, Onyx the Green Tailed.”

The gecko stared in wonder at the two heroes before her.

“I-I’ve heard legends about Sir Mittens and Onyx the Green Tailed. Are you really them?”

Sir Mittens brought a paw up to his face, and rubbed it slowly against his cheek.

“We are indeed. But that doesn’t matter. Where did you learn to encourage like that?”

A blush crept up to the gecko’s cheeks.

“Oh that?” She asked, glancing at the wooden dummy. “That’s nothing really. My father taught me that at a young age to protect myself.”

Sir Mittens gave a nod of approval. “I don’t know who your father is, but he must be very wise. Even some of the greatest warriors of the Kitten Kingdom would struggled to match your prowess.”

The blush on the gecko’s cheeks reddened even further.

“Thank you.” She replied.

“May I ask your name?” Sir Mittens asked, a curious look coming over his face.

“I’m Ginny the Gecko.” Ginny replied.

“Ginny, would you care to join us on an adventure?” Sir Mittens asked, telling Ginny of Sir FooFoo, the great Bun Warrior trapped in the Desert Lands.

“Of course! I’ve been waiting my whole life for adventure.” Ginny said, happy as a clam.

Ginny scampered off to the inn, to say goodbye to her friends, telling them she was heading out on a great journey. Sir Mittens, Onyx, and Ginny then set off down the road, a light of adventure shining in their eyes.

The calm, lush green of the landscape began to slowly morph. As tails of fluff and scale swished happily behind them, the adventurers left the green lands of the Kitten Kingdom. The green forest and rolling hills turned to one of desert and rock. Open blue skies, and a seemingly endless expanse of sand and dirt, gravel and rock, spread out in all directions. An unbearable heat crept up on the three adventurers. Ginny and Onyx let out soft sighs as the warm sun baked their scales accordingly; Sir Mittens mewed quietly as he grew much too hot beneath his fur.

Sir Mittens led his party of merry adventurers off the main road. He walked boldly across the Desert Lands. Onyx crawled over the parched soil, Sir Mittens and Ginny strode over sand and rock. The sky was cloudless, a deep blue cutting across the horizon. As they walked through the Desert Lands, the rough parched gravel beneath their paws and feet turned to the fine, white dust of salt and minerals. They were walking on the Salt Flats of the Desert Lands.

In the distance, with his feline eyes, Sir Mittens spotted something. They walked on, their feet crunching the fine salt and minerals of the ground. As they approached, the object in the distance became clear. It was a noble Bun Warrior, white fur sheathed in traditional armor of slatted and studded metal. Pink ears shot out of a furry head filled with pride.

Sir Mittens and his comrades approached the Bun Warrior. The Bun Warrior stood, shoulders hunched over, in the middle of the Salt Flats.

“Are you the great Bun Warrior, Sir FooFoo?” Sir Mittens asked.

The Bun Warrior lifted his head. He stared at Sir Mittens, eyes tired and sad.

“I am … or I was, at least.” The Bun Warrior said in a defeated tone.

“I’ve come to assist you Sir FooFoo. What has kept you trapped here?” Sir Mittens asked, stepping up to the Bun Warrior.

“Fear … Failure of my actions is what binds me here.” Sir FooFoo replied.

A worried look came over Sir Mittens. He glanced at Sir FooFoo’s feet. They were covered and crusted with salt and minerals. The great Bun Warrior had been paralyzed, frozen in place, by the prospect of failure for far too long.

Sir Mittens approached the Bun Warrior, understanding poor Sir FooFoo’s plight. The insidious fear of failure was a powerful foe indeed. It could paralyze even the mightiest of warriors.

With a soft paw raised high, Sir Mitten gave Sir FooFoo several soft pats. He leaned close, and whispered into Sir FooFoo’s ears.

“You are a very good boy.” Sir Mittens whispered, whiskers grazing against Sir FooFoo’s cute lil nose.

The great Bun Warrior turned to Sir Mittens, defeat in his eyes. “No I’m not. I’m a failure; I’ll never amount to anything in life.”

Sir Mittens backpedalled, shaking his furry face.

“No … no you are a good boy; you’ll do amazing things one day.”

A worried look came over Sir Mittens’ face. His powerful good boy technique had never failed before. Sir FooFoo must be addled with the greatest of self-doubts. Sir Mittens placed his very scratchable chin into his soft, pink paws.

Ginny the Gecko walked forward, scaly tail swishing behind her. She hopped and pranced over to Sir FooFoo. Sir Mittens looked up. The great kitten warrior watched, curious.

With eyes wide open, and tail and tongue wagging playfully, Ginny began to prance and hop around the great Bun Warrior. At first Sir FooFoo ignored Ginny, but then he slowly raised his head, and watched the gecko dance around him.

With fast feet, Ginny pranced and danced around the Bun Warrior. With a smile, she darted towards Sir FooFoo. She gave a reassuring pat on the back, while scratching underneath Sir FooFoo’s chin. Almost instantaneously, she patted the Bun Warrior’s arm, and whispered words of encouragement. Sir Mittens watched in amazement as a tentative smile formed on the edges of Sir FooFoo’s lips.

Ginny hopped back, and gave Sir FooFoo a smile. She followed up with a combo of soft pats and slow belly rubs. Sir FooFoo let out a soft purr. Sensing victory, Ginny went in for the kill. She wrapped the Bun Warrior in an encouraging hug, and whispered into his great pink ears.

“I believe in you.”

The two embraced for a moment longer. Ginny took a few steps back. The Bun warrior stared at the gecko, a smile on his face. With great effort, Sir FooFoo took a step forward. A sharp crackling sound came as his feet broke away from the salt and minerals and doubt and fear that had chained him down. A great applause came out from the three adventurers as Sir FooFoo took another step towards Ginny. He raised a soft pink rabbit paw, and placed it on the gecko’s shoulder.

“Thank you.” He said, tears welling in his eyes.

Ginny embraced Sir FooFoo in a hug. They celebrated, and turned to leave.

The three adventurers escorted Sir FooFoo back to the Cotton Tail Tribe, where he was embraced in celebration and cheer. The smile on Sir FooFoo’s face radiated across the land as he was welcomed home. Sir Mittens, Onyx the Green Tailed, and Ginny the Gecko stood off to the side, smiling as they watched Sir FooFoo being cuddled home. Ginny stood happy, flanked on both sides by Sir Mittens and Onyx. Sir Mittens placed a paw on Ginny’s shoulder, and turned to the gecko.

“I’m amazed. I see such a bright future of adventure in front of you.” Sir Mittens said.

Ginny turned her head, and placed an encouraging pat on both Onyx and Sir Mittens.

“I think you mean, in front of us.” She said with a smile.

-------------------------------------

yo,  is up if you want to continue reading.[WP] Something happy please. Include cats and maybe lizards.

P.S. - I've edited the story a little bit since the original post. Don't know how much people would care about that, but just thought I'd clarify.

--------------------------------------

Sir Mittens walked, on his hind two paws, out of the castle’s gates. A long, red cape flowed past a soft, furry body. A steel helmet sat atop his head. Two soft ears poked out of holes in the helmet. A sword rattled against his hips. A great chorus of cheers and salutations followed Sir Mittens as he walked out of the castle. He strode, proud, into the thick forest which ringed the castle. The King and his court watched from balconies up high. Pride swelled in their chests.

The forest came up to meet Sir Mittens. The dense overgrowth surrounded the noble kitten. The cheers of the castle died down as the thicket grew ever denser around the soft furred warrior. The brave kitty was enshrouded by the peaceful quiet of the forest. Birds chirped, leaves rustled, insects cricked and frogs croaked. A soft stream babbled somewhere nearby.

The ground beneath Sir Mittens soft, pink paws started to slope upwards. With an adorable, and very scratchable chin held high, Sir Mittens walked. The slope broke out of the dense forest, and Sir Mittens ascended the incline.

The slope left behind the thick green of the forest. Sir Mittens was quickly surrounded by rocky mountains and spires. He climbed, agile and patient, up the mountain. Above him, a great cavern was carved into the mountainside. The noble kitten saw the mouth of the cave, and narrowed his eyes. His paws moved expertly as he traversed the rocky slope. His goal was in sight.

Reaching a pink paw up in the air, Sir Mittens grabbed the lip of the cave. He pulled himself up, and stood at the edge of this mountain cavern. The midday sun beat into the cave, illuminating it. Just on the edge of his vision, Sir Mittens could see glittering piles of gold and treasure.

Sir Mittens took several careful steps into the cave. His tail swished softly behind him as he stalked forward. From within the cave, the warrior could hear breathing. A great, hot gust of air blew past the adventurous cat, rustling his soft fur.

The ground started to shake beneath Sir Mittens’ paws. Deep within the cave, there was a tremendous rustling. Sir Mittens spread his hind legs out, and readied himself. He felt the impact of massive, taloned feet approaching him from within the dark.

A great, scaly head appeared before the noble kitten warrior. A giant bearded dragon, easily towering over Sir Mittens’ feline form, emerged from the depths of the cave. It stood in front of the kitten intruder, and let out a great roar.

Sir Mittens stared up at the bearded dragon. The two creatures locked eyes. A smile spread across the bearded dragon’s reptilian face. The great lizard laid on its belly, and extended its head out towards Sir Mittens. Sir Mittens padded towards the lizard, and raised a paw.

With the softest of pats, Sir Mittens petted the giant bearded dragon. The bearded dragon purred softly.

“King Meow sends me, Sir Mittens, to give you a message, Oh Great One.” Sir Mittens said softly to the lizard.

The bearded dragon continued to purr contentedly as Sir Mittens’ continued to pet its head. The cat warrior leaned his head in towards the lizard’s ear. He was so close that some of his whiskers touched the reptile’s scales. He whispered quietly.

“The King says you’re a good boy.“

The bearded dragon let out a satisfied purr, and Sir Mittens wrapped his soft arms around the dragon’s neck, embracing the great beast in an act of friendship and loving respect.

----------------------------

Part two,Heya guys and gals,

So for this sub I'll mostly be posting very short stories I've written through r/WritingPrompts, and longer short stories or novellas that extend those special short stories that I feel a connection with.

If you like Adventure Time, or short stories with fun pictures, check out my website, . That's mostly were I post photography projects and occasional poetry. 

Hope you enjoy the writings.

CheersHoly cow! I woke up this morning with 100ish new subscribers. I'm floating on cloud nine right now, thank you all for being interested in my stuff.

Here's a short story I was saving for a magazine publication, but wanted to just share it now as thanks. Hope you all enjoy!

---------------------------------

The river flowed, cutting through the clay and soil of the earth, down the parched lands of the Tektites. It curved, cajoled and caressed, through the land; winding this way and that. Humanity thrived on its shores. It was an oasis, a way station, amidst the arid land. Men were crowned king on its shores, and traitors and enemies murdered with impunity.

Anorthosite, a god, a deity who lived along the shores of the river, would watch the water flow and bend; she would watch the wildlife congregate alongside its flow of life, and she would watch the humans attempt to harness all the river had to offer for their own desires. She watched their machinations to harness the river, and she cried as they slowly succeeded. Anorthosite existed, unmoving, through the passage of time. She sat, perched, atop a cliff overlooking the river. It was in the side of this cliff, in a cave carved out by the deity millenniums ago, that she sat and watched. She watched the first humans come to the river, she watched them dig and scratch at the soil, she watched them slam wood and mud together, she watched them build fires, she watched them kill, both prey and friend alike. She watched it all, unmoving, for she knew it was not her place to intervene.

This did not mean Anorthosite did not feel. She felt pain and pity as she watched the humans harness the wildlife around them. She felt helpless as they killed and ate and grew and gorged and celebrated. Her soul shuddered as she watched them fill the river with their toxins of industry and progress, as they poisoned the very land on which they stood. Anorthosite witnessed all of this, but she still did nothing but sit and watch; she was bound, restrained from intervention, she understood her place.

The gods above Anorthosite, the ones with true power, with true control, had forbidden Anorthosite, and her lowly brethren and sistren of the earth, from acting. They had been forbidden to interfere with the humans; interfering with the human’s machinations would be seen as interfering with the gods themselves. As much as it pained Anorthosite, she followed these commandments, and did not interfere with the humans and their destructive ways. But she did despair, and cry, and mourn, for the earth and life trodden on by the greedy feet of the humans, who had no right, save the word of the gods, to trample underfoot all the denizens of the loving earth.

Anorthosite watched as the humans matured. They grew smarter, and their implementations of bronze and stone turned to steel and iron. Their cities grew, and with time they found the power to live away from the river. That did not mean the river was given any respite. Toxins and waste, refuse and poison, were poured into the flowing river. The ground was carved up by the humans, and the animals and fish were forced to endure undue pain and suffering. Anorthosite sat, and watched, all of this wickedness from atop her perch. She cried, and tried to shout out to the wildlife, to warn them. She tried to shout out to the humans, to scold them and warn them of their own wickedness. But she dared not move, she dared not budge a single inch. The words of the Gods of the skies, of the heavens, reverberated through her mind. She dared not seek their wrath. At her core, she feared death, she feared the utter lack of existence. Even she, god of the earth and soil and clay, was mortal in her own ways.

Thus, the humans continued to feast and grow and spread across the land. They had traveled past the sight of even Anorthosite, perched high atop her mountain’s peak. But even if she could not see them, she could feel them, their pulsing greed, their want for more, their insatiable lust. She felt it, squirming and pulsing, over the entirety of the world. It pained her so, to feel this network of greed engulf the land, but still, she did not move from her perch; she was simply too afraid.

That is, until the humans did something sacrilegious, something truly wicked. A hope rose within Anorthosite as she watched their technology advance to a stage that far surpassed her understanding. She saw them espouse no need for pollution, no need for the precious life-force of the earth, of the precious lifeblood of the denizens of the soil and water. She witnessed as the humans learned that they did not need to continue to leech off of the abundance of the land. This hope continued to rise in Anorthosite’s chest, a hope that this would signal the end of the greed, and the end of the chaos, and the end of the relentless feeding.

But this hope was easily shattered, as the humans regarded all of this technology, all of this advancement of purity and conservation. Cruel smiles filled the lips of the humans, and they rejected all of this technology, choosing to revert to their base desires of destruction. Anorthosite’s heart fell as she watched the humans rebel against these technologies. She wept openly as she saw the humans continue to feed their crude lust ever faster. She despaired as they continued to feed off of the planet, despite their ability to grow past such basic, barbarous methods.

Something snapped in Anorthosite’s mind. Something, something very deep and hidden, broke within her consciousness. Anorthosite stopped crying, the tears on her cheeks drying. Anorthosite chose, on that fateful day of the world’s pain and despair, to rebel. Anorthosite took a great step, and stood in her cave. She walked, until she stood at the lip. The sun beat down on her body of stone and flesh, a feeling unknown to her in millenniums. The gods of the skys and heavens did not notice Anorthosite’s presence at first, but the gods of the soil and the sea stared up in bated anticipation. Finally, their prayers had been answered.

Anorthosite took a great breath. Her breast swelled with the intake of air. With determination, she released this breath in a great roar. Her voice travelled across all the kingdoms of the world; it reached the ears of all the humans and animals who dwelled on the land, and all of the creatures hidden within the depths of the seas and rivers. The roar reached even the kingdoms of the skys and the heavens, and just for a moment, sent chills down the spines of the celestial denizens who lived there.

With a great leap, Anorthosite flew from her perch high in the mountains. Her great body, gargantuan in size, came crashing down upon the human city she had witnessed for so many years. Her feet, rock solid and hardened, crumbled towers of steel and glass. Vehicles of rubber and iron, buildings of brick and stone, were crushed beneath her weight. Humans too, fell to Anorthosite’s great leap.

The humans below began to panic, and organize, and to fight back, as they witnessed this titan of stone and flesh tower over their monstrous little city. The rage which had been building within Anorthosite came to a head that day. With anger scrawled across her face of stone, she tore down the city, breaking all forms of resistance held up by the humans. She destroyed their factories of waste, she destroyed their fields of pollution, their gridwork of consumption and greed.

All the while, the gods of the soil and sea cheered on Anorthosite. Emboldened by her action, they too rose up against the humans, taking out their despair and rage on the greedy parasites. They all danced, celebrated, rejoiced in the carnage they presented to the humans. Finally, after so many years of despair and hopelessness, they felt a sense of control, a sense of hope, a sense of righteousness.

The gods of the skys and the heavens looked down in disgust. They watched, from their perch amongst the stars, and stared, appalled. They threw fits, temper tantrums; they could not believe the low class gods of the earth and sea had rebelled against their governance. Without a pause for thought, they called upon their warriors, their constables and wardens. From the skys and the heavens, heavily armored giants of steels and chrome and sleek black metal fell to the earth.

These soldiers of the heavens crashed down with startling ferocity. The shockwave shook the gods of the soil and sea, and a wave of fear crawled up their spines. They watched in horror as these fearsome soldiers, blank faced, rose from their impact craters. They stood above the lowly gods of the soil and sea, and advanced upon them. The lowly gods began to retreat, fear and regret taking root in their minds. Their victories against the humans all but forgotten.

Anorthosite saw these soldiers advance, and felt fear and trepidation just like the rest. But something held her at bay. Some nerve, broken by her pain and despair, held strong. As her brothers and sisters stepped back, Anorthosite stepped forward to meet her foes. They stood taller than her, and held sharp, deadly, malicious weapons in their hands. Anorthosite held nothing in her hands but the soil and clay and earth that had grown and fused with her body. This did not matter to her. There was a determination in her eyes, a fearless resolve to no longer stand by quietly.

Her brethren and sistren watched, wide eyed, as the first of the soldiers reached Anorthosite, the only one not to back down. The soldier raised a deadly looking sword above its head. The sword swung down in an arc. Anorthosite was able to side step the blow. She raised a fist, covered in clay and stone, and slammed it against the soldier’s jaw. The soldier staggered backwards, and bits of steel and iron crumpled off his jaw. He let out a grunt of pain. Another solider came up behind Anorthosite, an axe raised in his hands. The blade of the axe bit into Anorthosite’s shoulder. She let out a cry of pain, and slumped to her knees.

A hushed silence spread across the onlooking gods. They watched Anorthosite crumble beneath the soldier’s blow, and they felt a collective rage rise up in their throats. As one, the gods of the soil and sea let out a roar, and charged to Anorthosite’s aid. The lesser gods, weaker as they may be, were far more numerous. They crashed into the soldiers, and overpowered them, but not without many casualties of their own. They carried Anorthosite, solely on raw energy and rage, in front of them, towards the kingdoms of the skys and the heavens.

The mob of gods, fueled by their years of hopelessness, raced up to the kingdoms of the skys and heavens. Anorthosite watched it all, bleary eyed through the pain. She watched the mob crash through the walls and gates of the greater gods. She watched the massacres, as the gods clashed, and none were spared. Eventually, Anorthosite was forgotten within the chaos of the deadly melee. She lay, bleeding, dying, against a wall. She watched brother fight brother, sister fight sister. Tears filled her eyes. She had not thought of this, she had not realized what would come of her rebellion. Anorthosite wept openly, utterly forgotten and alone.

The walls of the kingdoms of the skys and the heavens began to crumble. Their castles, floating high in the sky, shook, as they fell to the earth below. Anorthosite watched it all, and wept. She too, fell from the sky, and like the rest of the gods, died from the impact into the soil of the earth.

The impact, the horrid death of the gods, a great silence now hung on the world. Nothing had survived the impact, and the world was covered in destruction and rubble. It existed that way, as the world continued to orbit around the sun. Slowly the rubble and destruction decayed, and returned to the soil. Slowly, the toxins of the humans, their pollution and greed, were healed by the passage of time.

Eons passed, the world sat, fresh, and seemingly untouched. A seed, created by pure happenstance and coincidence, was buried within the fertile soil. A plant, green and timid, broke through the ground, and the energy of life returned to the earth. With the return of life, of energy, new gods were also created to roam the earth. They had no knowledge of the pain and destruction which had ultimately led to their birth. They took their first steps, just as life took its first steps on the soil of the world, and learned, by themselves, how to live.

It just so happened, that the beginnings of this new life, this new wave of gods, formed beside the river, in the shadow of Anorthosite’s mountain perch.If you haven't yet, check out the other Sir Mittens stories before this one. They aren't necessary, but will give some insight into a few of the characters.

------------------------------

The castle of the Kat Kingdom cheered as Sir Mittens, Onyx the Green Tailed, and Ginny the Gecko walked down cobbled streets. Along the streets, and perched in every window, the denizens of the Kat Kingdom cheered and rejoiced; news of the great heroes’ adventures had reached every soft, fuzzy ear of the kingdom. The tale of the lonely field mouse had melted even the iciest of hearts.

Sir Mittens, flanked by his heroic friends, entered King Meow’s grand hall. Soft, furry feet strode over a purple, velvet carpet. The heroes approached the seated king, encouraged on both sides by the cheering of the King’s court. Sir Mittens stepped forward, and bent a knee to his king. Ginny stood still, and Onyx laid down on his great, soft tum.

“Sir Mittens! Your return pleases me.” King Meow said. “I’ve heard more tales of your heroic deeds. The story of the lonely field mouse, Lil Squeakers, brought tears to my kingly eyes.”

Sir Mittens bent his head in gratitude.

“Thank you, sire.” The cat hero replied.

King Meow rose from his throne. Tails twitched, and eyes watched, as King Meow approached Sir Mittens. Sir Mittens raised a very scratchable chin. Reaching out a soft paw, King Meow gave Sir Mittens several encouraging pats on the head.

“I’m very proud of your work.” King Meow said. “I’m very proud of all three of you.” The king said, giving each hero a pat on the head.

Sir Mittens tail twitched with pleasure. Onyx purred contentedly. Ginny’s tongue lolled out of her mouth, a smile spreading across her cheeks. She hopped excitedly from one foot to the next.

King Meow turned back to his throne. He took a seat, and addressed the heroes.

“But you’re work is not yet done.” King Meow said, his voice heavy. The three adventurers looked up, worried.

“There is trouble in the neighboring kingdom, the Pretty Peacock Province. The young princess of the Peacock King and Queen is in dire need of your help. Please, won’t you go there and spread encouragement and wholesomeness?” King Meow asked.

Sir Mittens stood. His whiskers twitched, and determination was set alight in his eyes. He gave a bow, and his voice rang out across the King’s grand hall.

“But of course King Meow. It would be our pleasure!”

A roar of cheers and applause filled the grand hall. Sir Mittens turned, flanked by Ginny and Onyx. They left the hall, to the sounds of happy screams and encouraging cries, determination alight in their eyes. Sir Mittens led the way to the Pretty Peacock Province, his chin held high, and his fuzzy, pink paws curled in furry, happy resolve.

***

Dust kicked up from the three pairs of furry paws and scaly soft feet. Sir Mittens led the trio towards the Pretty Peacock Province. Behind them, miles behind them, the Kat Kingdom sat, its denizens wishing and hoping for the best. Ginny hopped up next to Sir Mittens, and gave the cat hero a sideways glance.

“What do you think is troubling the Peacock Princess?” Ginny asked. In the distance, soft, verdant green meadows rolled in all directions. Streams babbled through the calming landscape, and a soft peace fell over the land.

“I don’t know, but whatever it is, it must be very serious.” Sir Mittens replied. His soft ears swayed slightly in the afternoon breeze.

Ginny brought a hand up to her chin. “I hope we can help. It must be a lot of hard work being a princess.”

Sir Mittens nodded in agreement. “Indeed. I have a feeling it will take all of our encouraging skills to set the Peacock Princess’ mind at ease.”

Onyx gave a soft growl of agreement, his great, scaly body waddling alongside next to his two friends.

In the distance, past the rolling green hills, a great city rose up from the ground. Great, beautiful spires of stone rose up above a happy mess of roads and houses and shops and banks and barbershops and inns and restaurants and many, many more buildings. In the middle of it all, at the smack dab center of the city, a great stone castle rose up. Spires and buttresses, ramparts and walls, gates and towers, shot up out of the lovely city. It was like a pearl, adorned in beauty and glamor, amidst a city of fashion and cleanliness. Sir Mittens readied himself. Somewhere within the grand halls of that castle was a young Peacock Princess in desperate need of encouragement.

The trio of heroes stepped into the clean, cobbled streets of the Pretty Peacock Province. All around them, shops and storefronts glittered with immaculate decoration. Every peacock citizen dazzled and razzled, with great, beautiful plumage and feathers sprouting out from behind them. The three heroes could not help but stare in awe at the pretty beauty of the peacock citizens; it was quite overwhelming.

At the main gate to the Pretty Peacock Province’s castle, a pair of dazzlingly radiant guards stopped Sir Mittens and his retinue.

“Halt, foreigners. Who goes there?” The guard, adorned in glittering armor, asked.

Sir Mittens stepped forward. He raised a paw up to his fuzzy chest, and gave a short bow.

“It is I, Sir Mittens, and my two faithful companions; Ginny the Gecko, and Onyx the Green Tailed, the legendary good boy. King Meow of the Kat Kingdom has sent us to aid the Peacock Princess of the Pretty Peacock Province.”

The two guards stepped back in awe and shock.

“Is this true?” The guard asked in disbelief.

The other guard, shocked into silence, walked up to Onyx the green tailed. The guard stood, staring up at Onyx’s great head. Onyx lowered his head, and softy nuzzled the peacock guard with his nose, purring happily the whole time.

“It must be true.” The first guard said, turning towards Sir Mittens. “Please, come with me at once. The Province is in desperate need of your help.”

The three heroes were led through the gates of the castle. They were ushered down countless winding halls of soft velvet carpet and tapestries. Everything was spotless, gleaming in the midday sun. They passed regal nobles, and castle servants; all adorned in the highest quality of silks and cottons, their plumages sitting immaculately, sprouting from their behinds.

The peacock guard led Sir Mittens and the others to the princess’ private quarters. A wooden door opened to a large, spacious room in one of the castle’s many towers. Two bays of windows looked out over the city and the surrounding landscape. The view was breathtaking. The city spread out below, itself a sprawling plumage of beauty and elegance that accentuated the beauty of the castle. Beyond, the rolling green hills and the soft blue lakes and streams spread out like a painting. The sight easily took one’s breath away.

In the middle of the room, a great pillow cushion sat. Atop the pillow cushion, a great big peacock egg lay, unhatched. The King and Queen of the Pretty Peacock Province stood to either side of the egg, hemming and hawing with worry. Their long, elegant, blue necks swiveled to face Sir Mittens. Relief flooded over their eyes, and they walked towards Sir Mittens.

“Oh Sir Mittens, thank goodness!” The King said. “I was worried that my good friend, King Meow, had not recieved our letter. We are terribly worried, you see.”

Sir Mittens nodded, greeting the King and Queen. He, along with Ginny and Onyx, were led over to the egg. Sir Mittens absentmindedly gave the King a soft pat on the shoulder, sensing that the King himself needed a bit of reassurance.

“We came at once. What seems to be the problem?” Sir Mittens asked, facing the great peacock egg.

“It’s our daughter, Princess Proplatine Hensline.” The Queen interjected. “She won’t come out of her shell. We don’t know what’s wrong, and don’t know what to do. We just want to help her!”

Sir Mittens nodded sagely. “I see. Do you mind if I take a look?” The cat warrior asked. He knelt to one knee, and leaned in to the great, royal egg.

“Hello Princess Proplatine. My name is Sir Mittens. I’ve come here to help you.” Sir Mittens said.

The egg was silent, but Sir Mittens noticed the slightest of quivers in the eggs smooth shell. He smiled, and leaned a soft ear to the smooth outside of the egg. His whiskers rubbed against the shell, as he listened. A tiny voice, ever so fragile, came from within the egg.

“Hello Sir Mittens.” The Princess replied.

“My Princess, why do you not want to come out of your shell?” Sir Mittens asked.

The Princess was silent for a moment. Sir Mittens knelt, stock still, in place. His furry chest rose and fell slowly with his breaths. He waited patiently for Princess Proplatine to find the words and thoughts for her feelings.

“I guess … I guess because I’m scared.” The Princess replied.

“Scared of what, my dear?” Sir Mittens asked.

“Well … not scared really.”

The Princess paused.

“I guess I’m nervous, anxious really.”

Sir Mittens frowned, and he softly stroked the top of the egg.

“What are you anxious about?” Sir Mittens whispered back, softly patting the top of the egg.

“I don’t want to say.” The Princess replied.

Sir Mittens nuzzled the egg softy with his chin. “Come now. If you ever want to conquer your anxiety, you must first face it head on.”

“Ummmm.” The Princess groaned. “Oh-okay. I guess … I guess I’m anxious about being a princess.”

“And why is that?” Sir Mittens asked.

“Because … because what if I’m not pretty enough? What if I’m not regal enough? What if I’m not smart enough? What if I’m not princessy enough? What if I let my parents down?”

Sir Mittens hugged the egg. “Now, now. You don’t need to worry about that. As long as you are yourself, you’ll be more than princessy enough. You only need to be as pretty as you are. You only need to be as smart as you are. Your parents will love you because you are who you are, because they are your parents after all!”

“Really?” The Princess asked.

“Really.” Sir Mittens replied.

Sensing a need for added encouragement, Ginny hopped up next to Sir Mittens. With tongue lolling out of one side, she gave several firm pats to the top of the egg.

“Yeah! As long as you’re happy with yourself, your parents will be happy too!” Ginny said.

Onyx lumbered up, and purred softly as he wrapped a long neck around the egg.

The egg began to shake and wiggle a bit. At the top of the egg, a small crack formed. Soon the entire shell was shaking and breaking. The three heroes stepped back, trying their best to send positive energy towards the Princess of the Pretty Peacock Province.

In a radiant dazzling of light, the eggshell broke away. Princess Proplatine rose from the scattered eggshell. She stood in full glory, plumage splayed out. Some of her feathers were bent and crooked, but that was okay; there was beauty in imperfection.

“Darling!” The King cried out.

The Queen and King rushed to hug their daughter. They laughed and cried and smiled so brightly. Sir Mittens and the others stood off to the side. Sir Mittens nodded, and the three heroes turned to go, letting the family reunite. Princess Proplatine whispered a quick thank you to the three heroes, before turning to her loving parents. The heroes nodded to the princess, and left the room. They walked down the lavish hall, the sounds of joyful praise and reunion caressing their backs. A big smile was planted on each of their faces; they were filled with happiness. Nothing was sweeter than seeing a family filled with big smiles and hugs.[WP] A young boy does everything to impress his crush, but it's not easy impressing an 18 year old when you're only six.

---------------------------

She rose from the lake’s water, a large smile across her face. Blonde, wet hair swept down just past her shoulders, framing a lovely face. A two piece bikini showcased a young, lithe, athletic frame. Young Timmy watched her get out of the water, and lay down next to her friends on the beach. Timmy stared down at his own body, childlike and gawky, covered by the itchy clothes of his scout troop. The pale green and tan did little to help his appearance.

“Timmy! What’re you doing? It’s lunch time, get over here.” Timmy’s scout master, Mr. Robertson, yelled.

With a sigh, Timmy turned away from his vantage point of the beach, and ran towards the picnic tables where the rest of his troop sat, munching contentedly on peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.

Timmy was a part of the Squirrel Boy Scouts Troop Number thirty-five. They were camping out at Michigan’s upper peninsula; the troops’ summer destination. The place was a bit of a ways away from the Scouts’ home in southern Michigan, but Mr. Robertson had been adamant that this summer would be spent up in the mountains and lakes of the Upper Peninsula. He’d stated that the boys were reaching the tender age of eight, nine, and ten; they needed to experience a dose of freedom and responsibility. Timmy suspected there was something more to Mr. Robertson’s decision that summer; he couldn’t help but notice how happy Mr. Robertson seemed when he talked to the camp’s head supervisor. Evidently they’d gone to college together back in the day.

“Were you looking at that girl again?” Jason asked, sitting next to Timmy.

Timmy ignored Jason, and instead ate his PB&J.

“Oh come on Tim, don’t ignore Jason. The guy asked you a question.” Bill scolded, sitting across from Timmy.

Timmy let out a groan.

“What do you guys care?” He asked.

“We care because it’s important to you, and you’re part of the troop, which means what’s important to you is important to us.” Bill replied, a sage grin on his face.

Timmy rolled his eyes.

“Yeah right. You just want to tease me.”

“Why would we want to tease you?” Fred asked, adjusting his glasses. Fred was currently sitting next to Bill at the picnic table. “We’re all Squirrel Scouts; no intra-troop fighting, that’s rule number one.”

The rest of the boys at the table shook their heads in agreement. They took their bonds of Squirrel Scouts very seriously.

“Ah, okay fine.” Timmy said with a sigh. “I was staring at her again. She’s just so pretty, I can’t help it.”

A collective hmm broke out across the picnic table. The boys fell into deep thought, wondering how to help their fellow Squirrel Scout.

“Have you tried talking to her yet?” Jason asked.

“No. We’ve only been here for two weeks. I’ve still got the rest of the summer to talk to her.” Timmy replied. 

Bill shook his head. “You’ve got it all wrong Tim. Why waste the summer away in nervous anticipation. You need to go talk to her, today!”

The boys around the table nodded; exuding a feigned air of confidence and experience in this matter.

“Oh what do you guys know? Why should I go talk to her now!”

“You hafta!” Fred chimed in. “It’ll help your mental development.” Fred’s parents were always going on and on about his own mental development. They would always say they’d read it in a book somewhere.

“She’s not going to want to talk to me. She’s way older than me.” Timmy replied, nervous.

“Give her a gift.” Bill said. “If you impress her with a gift, then maybe she’ll overlook the drastic age gap.”

Timmy opened his mouth to reply, but stopped himself. He placed his chin in his hand, and thought to himself.

“I do have that really cool Native American arrowhead from last summer’s camp. Think she’d like that?”

“Of course she would!” Jason said. “Who wouldn’t? Man that was like the find of the century; it’s wicked awesome.”

A quick smile flashed over Timmy’s face.

“But how will you get it to her? Mr. Robertson can be pretty strict.” Fred asked.

Timmy’s face dropped. He hadn’t thought about that.

“Don’t worry.” Bill replied. “We can do it after lunch. We all know Mr. Robertson likes to go off into the woods to have a smoke after lunch. We can sneak over to the beach then.”

The boys nodded their heads solemnly, and shook hands.

Lunch passed by in a blur for Timmy. Before he knew it, Mr. Robertson was heading off into the woods, and the rest of the boys were ushering him out to the beach. Thankfully, the girl and her friends were still lounging on the sand.

With the arrowhead clutched nervously in his hands, Timmy approached the group of girls. They looked up as he approached, and an odd look came over their faces.

“U-um excuse me?” Timmy asked, stuttering. The girls sat up, and smiled at Timmy.

“What’s up Mr. Boy Scout?” The blonde girl asked Timmy. Timmy felt his heart skip a beat. A thick blush rose up to his cheeks.

“My … My name’s Timmy. What’s yours?” He asked the blonde girl, extending a hand of greeting.

The girl smiled at Timmy, and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear. Her friends sat around her, smiling and giggling.

“I’m Sara. It’s nice to meet you Timmy.” Sara replied, shaking Timmy’s hand.

Timmy felt like his skin was on fire. He felt tingly, and could barely think.

“I got this for you.” Timmy said, thrusting the arrowhead in front of him.

Sara looked at the arrowhead. She looked up into Timmy’s eyes, and smiled.

“That’s really nice, but are you sure you want me to have it?” She asked. Her friends stared and awed, won over by Timmy’s cute, innocent display of affection.

“Yes. You’re pretty and I like you and my friends told me to say hi but I was scared so they told me to give you a gift so you’d forget how young I am.” Timmy blurted out, his brain short-circuiting. His mind was running on fumes at this point.

“Oh, that’s lovely.” Sara cooed She reached out a hand, and took the arrowhead from Timmy. “I’ll make sure to treasure it always.”

Timmy stood there, empty hand still outreached, unsure of what to do next. Sara looked at Timmy, and an idea popped into her head.

“How about I give you something in return?”

Before Timmy had a chance to reply, Sara stepped in and gave Timmy a light peck on his cheek. She leaned back, and smiled at the young Squirrel Scout.

Timmy’s face turned beet red. His mind blew a gasket, and he had no clue what to do. Sara’s friends laughed and clapped, absolutely hysterical with disbelief.

“I-I-I have to go now. Bye!” Timmy stammered out, turning and rushing back towards his friends waiting in the nearby bushes.

Sara called out to Timmy.

“Thank you for the present! I’ll make sure to treasure it.”

She turned back to her friends, who were in hysterics over the rather cute exchange. Timmy sprinted back to his troop scout, his mind blown.

For the rest of the day, Timmy couldn’t stop talking to his friends, thanking them profusely. Timmy was on cloud nine, absolutely over the moon in excitement.

The next day, Sara and her friends were nowhere to be found. Timmy searched for them for the rest of the summer, but they never turned up. They’d only been visiting the beach two weeks, and had gone back home. This didn’t faze Timmy as much as you’d think. He wore a smile on his face throughout the entirety of the summer; even when it rained endlessly or the mosquitos bothered him at night.

Sara kept the arrowhead, as promised, but she slowly forgot about the interaction. One day, after graduating college, she would find the arrowhead, and remember faintly of a little boy scout handing it to her.

As for Timmy, the memory was burned deeply into his mind. He carried Sara’s kiss, and her kindness, with him for the rest of his life. Every summer, a brief memory of Sara would flash before his eyes, and he’d smile fondly of his youth. It wasn’t everyday you got a kiss from the girl of your dreams; even if it was just a peck on the cheek.[WP] The story's protagonist is the nicest person imaginable. The story's narrator hates him with a seething passion.

-------------------------------

Captain Doom, sheathed in his black death armor, and a large smile on his face, pranced through Lord Death’s castle. He held a handful of posies as he skipped through the black halls, sitting atop the crag known as Mount Pain. Captain Doom was headed towards a briefing with his superior, Lord Death, on the impending invasion of the peaceful lands of the Polrites living down below, beneath the crag, on their verdant, fertile lands.

The intimidating, double doors to Lord Death’s war room slowly swung open as Captain Doom strolled in. He sat down at a long, stone table, surrounded by his fellow soldiers. Each man and woman at the table wore an impressive set of armor, and a sharp, deadly weapon sheathed by their side. Scars and scowls covered their faces. Lord Death sat at the head of the table, a permanent frown etched on his face. He sat atop a throne of pure black hatred. His honor guard, his personal tormentors and murderers, flanked him on either side.

“Heellloo everyone.” Captain Doom said with a wave and a smile.

Captain Doom’s greeting was met with a collective sigh of disgust.

“Captain Doom.” Lord Death called out in an insidious, deep growl. “Where is your weapon? Why are you late?” He said with venom in his voice.

“Weeellll.” Captain Doom replied, laying his handful of posies on the stone table. “I kind of forgot my sword at home, and was busy picking these little fellas. So I guess, you could say, that today flowers will be my weapon of choice.”

A groan rang out across the table. Lord Death frowned even further, and stared daggers at Captain Doom.

“Then what about your kill squads. Have they infiltrated the Polrites’ society? Have they begun their secret killings? It is vital that we begin the invasion at once!” Lord Death shouted out, slamming a fist against the armrest of his throne.

“Yeeaah … about that.” Captain Doom said, getting a bit nervous. “Some of the guys said they had tum tum aches, so I said they could take the day off and I’d take care of it.”

Lord Death stood up from his throne. His honor guard drew their weapons. Pure, unadulterated hatred spewed from Lord Death’s eyes. His voice boomed out over the war room.

“THEN HAVE YOU, YOURSELF, SUCCEEDED IN COMMITTING MURDERS AND SOWING DISSENT WITHIN THE PEOPLE OF THE POLRITES!” Lord Death bellowed out.

Captain Doom winced at the noise, and kind of shrugged his shoulders in response.

“Meh. I thought about it, but that didn’t sound too nice. I sent some care packages filed with cookies I baked up yesterday to a few of the orphanages down there though.”

Lord Death fell back into his throne, defeated.

“Were these care packages … at the very least … poisoned?” Lord Death asked, desperate.

“They were mostly sugar cookie and oatmeal flavored. Some chocolate chip too, but not too many of them; too much sugar and fat in those ones.” Captain Doom beamed with a smile, proud of his hard work.

Lord Death seemed to crumple in on himself. He let out a sigh.

“Goddamn it Captain Doom. How in the hell are you still working here?”

Captain Doom perked up at that. Finally, a question he knew he could answer correctly.

“Because of the union sir! Remember how you let some of the men form a union a few years back? Well, yep, that is definitely why I haven’t been fired or killed yet.”

Lord Death dropped his head into his hands, and whispered to himself.

“I really fucking hate you Captain Doom, you know that?” Lord Death raised a hand, and waved it at Captain Doom. “Just, just leave. Go … do … whatever it is you like to do. Please, just don’t do it here.”

Captain Doom shot up from his seat, and saluted Lord Death. “Yes Sir!” He barked out.

Captain Doom turned towards the door, and began to prance gayly out. Before the doors closed behind him, an angelic humming could be heard bouncing around the stone walls outside.

The rest of the war council turned to face Lord Death. The man sat, defeated, atop his throne. All of the anger and hate for the day drained from his eyes; he looked positively sick from stress. In a whisper, he addressed the rest of his war council.

“I think we should postpone our invasion until next week. I’m suddenly feeling very ill and tired.” Lord Death said, before getting up, and shambling off to his personal chambers.

The rest of the war council was relieved, and filed out of the room in quieted excitement. In truth, nobody had wanted to do the invasion today, mostly because Captain Doom had announced he would be holding a tea and friendship party around three o’clock, right when the invasion had been scheduled to start. No one wanted to miss Captain Doom’s wholesome party of fun and joy. Plus, rumor had it some of the Polrite dignitaries would be there, and they were said to really be the lifeblood of any party.[CW] write me a story that doesn't include the word "the"

----------------------------------

A tower rose from atop a grassy knoll. It was a tower made of blackened stone, a monolith rising to sit amongst clouds, and stars, and heavens. There were no doors, no means of entry, for a man to encounter. There were no signs of life, no great indication of humanity, amidst its dark, black, windowless walls.

Atop this tower, hidden among stars and clouds, a man toiled away; feverishly. Atop his monolith of seclusion, a magus, known simply as Altrue, resided. Sweat pooled at this magus’ brow. He breathed slowly. He stood in a stone room. Instruments, metal and glass, sat strewn about his laboratory; menacing devices and sinister instruments lay at his disposal. It was boiling hot; up above, a great pyre sat aflame, ever burning. Heat radiated down, warming this room of instrument and experiment to an almost unbearable point. Altrue didn’t mind this heat, he had grown accustomed to it.

Altrue had been born in this monolith of black stone. His birth, his creation from energies unknown to mere man, had but one simple mandate; to keep a funeral pyre for our world burning bright. Altrue attended to this fire religiously; with an almost fanatical zeal. But, as Altrue aged, time began to slow down. Altrue grew bored, and began to experiment.

Within numerous tight, sharp halls of his tower, his prison, his home, Altrue found something. Hidden away, locked behind trustworthy steel, Altrue found remnants of his creators. His gaze swept over artefacts long forgotten, lost to time. Alrue became obsessed with these tools of experiment and magic. He slowly forgot about his duty; a funeral pyre sitting above his head. He became consumed with experiment, with creation and destruction of forces unknown to mere mortals.

Curiosity and obsession led to madness and decay. Altrue began to lose his focus. He could think only of his experiments, his madness. He fell down a spiral, consumed by a terrible power put in front of him. Until one day.

Altrue looked up from his work. Something felt wrong, different. Altrue glanced frantically around his laboratory. Everything was in order, everything was in its proper place. Altrue frowned. Something was wrong. He paced around his laboratory. His feet shuffled and scraped against a stone floor. He frowned. Something was wrong, something was terribly, terribly wrong.

With a sigh, Altrue brought a hand up to wipe his sweaty brow. A frown, a look of horror, crossed Altrue’s face. There was no sweat on his brow. Altrue’s eyes widened. There was no sweat, no heat, no fire!

Altrue rushed out of his laboratory. He ran up stone stairs, desperate. An iron door slammed open. Altrue stood atop his prison, his stone tower. His burden, his responsibility, his funeral pyre, lay smoldering in front of him. Harsh winds caught at his robes. Altrue stood, thoughtless, gazing at his forgotten duty. There was no fire, there were no flames. Altrue fell to his knees, a whimper escaping his lips. It was to late to rekindle it.

A great, earth shattering sound, boomed out. A sharp crack, like thunder, cut across cloud and sky. Altrue looked up. Obsessed with his madness, he had forgotten his duty. A great tear, a deep chasm, opened up above Altrue’s head. Demons, monstrosities, unnameable beasts, poured from this chasm. Altrue shook his head. He had failed, in his madness, to keep our funeral pyre alight. And now, as endless hordes of monsters descended towards us, there was nothing more to be done, but cower and pray.[WP] A love story where the two protagonists just refuse to fall for each other even though the plot keeps pushing for it.

----------------------------

John laid against the packed soil of the trench. Bullets whipped by overhead, and John sat, alongside his fellow soldiers, trembling from fear and cold. A scrap of paper shook in the soldier’s hand. It held words destined for his dearest friend, Mary. They were words of compassion and love. They were words of encouragement; John wished Mary the best in finding a proper suitor, seeing as how he was more than likely to be consumed by the ever lusting greed of the war. He wanted only the best for his sweet Mary.

A whistle blew along the the lines of the trench. John laid his letter down in a small satchel, and grabbed his rifle. He stood to face the lip of the trench. The sounds of gunfire and explosions filled the air. Smoke and sulfur curled up into the sky. Fear coursed through John’s mind. Adrenaline pumped through his body. An eery silence fell over the trench as the soldiers lined up.

Another whistle rang out, its shrill screech clearing the air. A great yell went up from the men. With fear addled gusto, they vaulted over the lip of the trench. They ran, to either their death or their glory, screaming and crying and hoping. John held his rifle tight, his knuckles turning white. He ran forward for his country, so that he could protect his sweet Mary.

-----------------------------

Mary walked out of the factory. The evening sun cast orange rays across the landscape. She was exhausted, but proud. She walked amongst a group of women, all wearing jean overalls and rough boots. With the all the men away fighting the war, it was the women who had formed the backbone of society.

There was a letter, neatly written and dusted with perfume, clutched in Mary’s hand. She’d written it for her childhood friend, John. In the letter, she told John how she could not find another suitor. She said that he mustn’t worry about her, mustn’t think about her. He needed to focus on surviving. She told John not to worry about her happiness, and to instead focus on his own. She wrote of her love for their friendship, and her faith in him.

Gravel crunched under her worn boots. She wore a determined look across her face. She knew her John would come home from the war. She had to. Otherwise, what was the point of it all?

------------------------------------

John got out of the taxi. He wore a crisp military uniform. A green duffel bag was slung over his shoulder. He walked across dirt road and grass, until he spied Mary’s farmhouse. John smiled at its white slatted walls. He thought of the letters hidden inside of his duffel bag, the letters he and Mary had exchanged over the course of the war.

The steps of the front porch squeaked underneath John’s feet. A sly grin fell over his face. He wondered if she’d recognize him after all this time. He was no longer the young, sweet boy she had kissed goodbye. He was a man now, roughened and hardened by years of trials and tribulations. John raised a hand, and knocked on the front door.

Mary walked to the front door. She wore a pink dress, her hair neatly coiffed; a woman full grown, no longer the gawky girl John had said goodbye to. She opened the door, and her eyes widened in amazement. She stared up at John, and he stared back down at her. A connection passed between their eyes. A warmth of familiarity filled between the two. Mary jumped into John’s arms, screaming joyfully.

“My John!” She shouted out.

The two embraced, like old lovers would. They held each other tight in comfort and affection. There was a feeling in the air, of reunion and love. A spark, of something, maybe of something more than friendship, sprang to their minds.

They broke apart, and John gave a big smile.

“I’ve got some good news. I took your advice about my happiness.” John said.
He rummaged through his pocket, eventually pulling out a picture. He handed the picture over to Mary. Mary looked down, and covered her mouth. Her eyes wide. She looked up at John with a smile.

“I’m so happy for you.” Mary said.

The picture was of John’s fiancé; a nurse he had met on his flight back home. Mary returned the picture, and John noticed the ring on her finger.

“You’ve found a man?” John asked.

Mary nodded with a blush.

“He’s a doctor. They sent him home from the war early after an injury. He’s the most lovely man.”

John pocketed the photo.

“I’m glad to hear it.”

That spark of something more, of a potential romance between the two, fizzled out, just like it always had before the war. Just like when they’d gone to the prom as friends. Just like that time up on Stickler’s Lookout. It was simply destined to never be.

Mary invited John in for tea, and he gladly accepted. The two laughed and talked for hours. They teased and joked. The sitting room was filled with their amiable noise. But there was a melancholy happiness in the air. Neither wanted to admit it, or maybe didn’t even know they had the desire to admit it, but both had wished they’d met on different terms. Inside their minds, there’d been a hidden hope that they’d fall in love with each other. It was a hope so easily crushed by some unknown force, some cruel machination of nature.Heya guys and gals!

So I really like writing short stories over at r/WritingPrompts, and sometimes I happen to fall in love with the short stories and want to continue them.

I thought I'd put this post here, and update it to let everyone know about some of the extended stories I'm writing, so that hopefully you can see some of the short stories you liked grow into their own.

* Short Story:  My Plan: This one is going to be the focus of my fourth book (I absolutely loved writing the short story). I am currently only *35,000 words into it as I edit my third book. *Has taken a bit of a back seat to editing at the moment. Will start writing with an earnest on it soon.

* Short Story:  My Plan: I want to make a couple additions to this guy, maybe turn it into a 5,000 - 10,000 word short story (possibly longer if I get drawn into it).

 *  part one can be found 

 * *I probably won't be continuing Terry and Festilius in the future. I'm terribly sorry, but I've just kind of moved on to other stories. Maybe when summer hits I'll come back to it because I do like the idea and character dynamics.

* *Short Stories: I've been applying to a bunch of writing competitions for some short stories I've written separately from r/WritingPrompts. After a I get my rejection letters in a few months, I'll be posting them here (I think they are pretty swell to read).

* *Short Story: I'm thinking about writing a short story continuation of these two stories; , and . Not sure how it will turn out, but just thinking about it.

* *Book: I'm almost done editing my third book, 'Sally Constantine Wollstonecraft'. I'm going to pop up the first chapter on here and my other website in the near future.

* Photography: So I've been running a photo series about  and  for quite a while now (maybe 5ish months?). I'm going to share some of the key episodes in a post below, but if you want to get started on it, episode 1 can be found .

That's all my plans as of now. If you've got any suggestions, comment and I'll consider them!

Final note, I'll edit this post as more story extension ideas come along and as progress of my current story extensions improves.

P.S. - If something has an asterisk(*) next to it, that means It's been updated. I'll try to update this post about every two weeks *to a month (I can be kind of bad about deadlines sometimes).All of the elders talked about that night, that one night that made the soil of the Earth shake from the weeping of its denizens. It was at the crux of a full moon, during the sacred ritual of the oil, just as the town’s Overseer was to complete the task of setting alight the next torch, when the lights above, the stars that had twinkled so brightly every night, were shut off; vanished from their black void of a home.

The people of the town, all gathered at the square to witness the Overseer’s necessary ritual, shrieked in panic. Their voices echoed across the ramshackle buildings which towered above their heads, and reverberated along the dirty, rusted pipes that filled the streets and walls of every building. There feet slapped against the dirty cobblestone streets, each running to their homes in fear; loved ones held dearly in their arms.

The Overseer had stood, stock-still, on his wooden platform; precious ceremonial lantern held high in his hand. He had looked up in fear, in awe, at the suddenly dark night sky. Only the moon remained, pale and beautiful, amidst the depthless black of the night sky. The man’s mind had frozen, his circuits fried. He had not been warned; he had not been told of such a travesty against his people.

The next few days were filled with a shaky fear. Many refused to leave their homes; their tight apartments bundled up high in the ramshackle towers that filled the town. They refused to work, to believe in this new world. The Overseer gathered his administration, all the scientists and engineers who laboured beneath him. They spent those first few days furtively looking for an answer. They barely slept or ate; their clothes stained with the sweat of desperation.

And as the days continued, so did the nights, devoid of their twinkling lights. The people would stare out of their windows, and peer up above the luminous lights of the town. Children would ask mommy or daddy why the stars went bye-bye, and if mommy and daddy had not fled to the peaceful escape of drink, they would reply with only tears and many fearful words.

And then a few more days passed. Life began to slowly make its way forward. Fewer people decided to stray away from work. The Overseer and his team of intellectuals realized the futility of their work. These hardworking men and women, covered in filth and desperation, were sent home for a needed rest.

The Overseer watched these loyal men and women head home, before slinking off to his personal study. He closed the sturdy door quietly behind him, and made sure to lock it up nice and tight. He crept, on tiptoes, over to his desk. It was a lovely desk, a desk passed down by each Overseer to the next in line; it was a part of the tradition of the town.

With a nervous gulp, the Overseer crawled onto his hands and knees. On the soft carpet of his study, he scrounged around beneath his desk. After a bit of fiddling, he finally found the switch. A soft click rewarded his efforts.

The great man, the man tasked to lead his people through their valleys of fright and peril, got off from his knees. He dusted himself off with a huff, and then sat down at his desk.

By now, a small, square section on the top of his desk had been revealed. A small platform soon rose from within the hidden compartment of the desk; on that compartment, held like a statue of a god, was a working computer. Its screen flickered to life, encased within a box of chrome and wires. It was one of the last computers left to the town; the townspeople were taught to believe that all digital technology had been erased centuries ago. They were told to believe that they had to rely on the machinations of steam and gears, of analog tools and devices to thrive as a society.

The Overseer navigated the computer’s main menu, a fear rising inside of his mind. He had been avoiding checking the computer, avoiding checking the town’s vitals. There were hundreds of thousands of microscopic sensors which inhabited this great town that the Overseer resided over. They monitored the amount of clean water, the population size, the death rate, the birth rate, the amount of oxygen, nitrogen, carbon dioxide, the amount of gas left in the reservoir, the food production, the waste sanitation. They sent all of this information to the Overseer’s computer; and to another computer, situated three miles above the town. What the teachers of the town failed to mention to their children, what they could not mention because they themselves did not know, was that the town was hidden deep underground; encased in an artificial dome. The artificial dome projected the sky above them, and the rolling hills that seemed to go on forever past the town’s walls. If anyone decided to try and walk past the town’s walls, they would be met by a quick death given by the robots that patrolled the town’s perimeter quietly and tirelessly.

However, the townsfolk had never had any reason to leave, they had always been happy, and enjoyed staying in their quiet little town. Even the thought of leaving was a rather taboo and frowned upon subject. At least, it had been before the stars disappeared.

The Overseer’s face fell when he saw the status update from the computer situated high above him. It was a terse report, one made without much emotion or empathy. It stated that power consumption was on the rise, and that several of the colonies would need to undergo power reductions. The Central Controller had decided that the Overseer’s town, as well as the two neighboring towns, each separated by two miles of thick walls of stone and earth and soil and clay, would be receiving periodic energy cuts. It would begin with the projection of the stars, and continue until an energy balance was reached.

The Overseer’s eyes skimmed the list or reductions to be made, and noted that oxygen supply and food supply were at the bottom, right above water supply. It would take a good next couple of decades for them to reach that point of desperation.

And thus, the town slowly became accustomed to the extinction of the stars. And when the moon mysteriously disappeared, there was less of a reaction. When the wind stopped blowing through the city, few batted an eye. And as power outages became more frequent, people were silent, but their faces were grim.

When the projections of the town’s dome flickered off, the people saw their true predicament; there was panic. By this time, the Overseer had sad goodbye to the world. He was found hanging above his desk, his computer smashed in a drunken rage the night before.

The people tried to flee, but soon realized their futility. They raged, and chaos ensued as the crops no longer grew. They howled with rage and pain as the water was shut off. They wept and curled up to die as the ventilation system shut down.

All of this was monitored under the dead eyes of the General  Controller. A firm man, a rather sad man. On the day that the town died, he walked over to a list of names engraved on the stone wall of his office. 

Seventy names filled the office’s wall. The General Controller crossed out the name, ‘Town17’. Now only sixteen names remained uncrossed on the list. At the very bottom of the list, ‘Town01’ resided. That was the General Controller’s town, the seed town, Town01 . Just last night, Town01’s stars had been extinguished forever. There had been quite a panic amidst its citizens.“Just look at it, they’re digitizing and automating everything, soon I’m going to be out of a job all together!” Satan said, pacing around the lavish expanse of God’s study. The red skinned devil wore a sharp, three piece suit. A silver pentagram necklace dangled around his neck.

“Luci, Luci; listen, everything’s going to be okay.” God said, trying to placate his business partner. He wore a white silk suit, and sipped on a glass of very cheap scotch.

“Everything is not going to be okay!” Lucifer replied, turning to face God. “They’ve even automated the damn demons with the pitchforks, now I have to have fucking robots do all of the stabbing! All the lawyers are getting stabbed by robots, not by demons; I’m getting complaints left and right from the lawyers that the stabbings just feel too impersonal. I’ve had to let everyone go except me just to save costs! I can’t compete with them!”

Lucifer sat down across from God’s desk. He put his head into his hands and began to whimper.

“Okay, okay, I understand. Listen, They’ve got my nuts in a vice over at Heaven too. Nobody is even interested in going to the orgy saunas anymore, or hunting serial killers out on my Heavenly Safari Vacation package, okay? Ever since they perfected that damn virtual reality gaming, people just aren’t interested in the perks of Heaven anymore.” God replied, letting out a sigh. He took another sip of cheap scotch. The damn stuff tasted like gasoline, but it was all he could afford at the moment.

“I never should’ve given those bastards fire. I thought I was just being a pal, helping them out so that they’d think of better ways to kill each other, but I never thought this would happen!” Lucifer said, bemoaning his fate.

“I know luci, I know. I regret giving them thumbs. None of this would be happening if those little fuckers didn’t have thumbs.” God sighed, regretting so many of his choices. And he couldn’t just flood them or meteorite them again, it was so passé to do the same extinction move twice. He would be a laughing stock of all the angels who he’d recently had to fire to cut costs.

“I just can’t believe those damn programmers.” Satan said, pulling his head out from the palms of his hands. “Who would’ve fucking guessed that after they died, they’d program an alternate afterlife, and soon it’d be a multi trillion soul startup called ‘Life After Living’. It’s just ridiculous! And you can’t talk any sense into them, those fucking nerds.”

God got up from his chair. He walked around his mahogany desk, and laid a calming hand on Lucifer’s shoulder.

“I know, but Luci, I think I’ve found us a secret weapon, an ace in the hole.”

Lucifer looked up at God, disbelief written on his face.

“You do?”

“Yeah, check this bad boy out.” God replied, laying a manilla folder in front of Lucifer.

Lucifer opened the folder. His eyes scanned the pages, and a wicked smile crept up to his lips.

“You’ve got to be kidding me.” Luci muttered.

“Nope, and this son of a bitch is about to die within the hour. I’m heading down to those pearly gates to meet the bastard himself, and offer him a position at Heaven & Hell Incorporated. Whaddya say Luci?”

“I say hell yeah. Shit, he can take my spot in hell and I’ll retire if that’s what it takes to get him onboard.” Lucifer replied, a hopeful light shining through his eyes.

The two businessmen left God’s study to go meet their savior, their second coming, Steve Reynolds, a notorious businessman turned tech guru. Steve Reynolds was known for taking over tech companies, and using his incompetent management and sales techniques to run the companies into the ground, all the while collecting a rather hefty bonus in the process.

Some analysts even speculated that Steve alone had stalled the advancement of computer technology by at least five years because of his bumbling. He was a silver tongued devil who knew just enough technical skills to slide his way into a leadership role, and then accidentally utilize his rather poor managing strategies to destroy a company from the inside out.

He would use words like ‘synergize’, and ‘extrapolate data analytics’, and ‘decisive cloud computing’, and ‘let’s action plan that’, and ‘I can do lunch later this week’, and ‘I’ll talk to the boys in the lab about that’, and ‘we need a business plan to shift the paradigm using our company’s core values’, and many things like these to woo his weaker willed companions into believing that he was actually a competent leader. He was just the kind of man that God and Satan had been looking for, a trojan horse to insert within ‘Life After Living’ to disrupt the chain of command. It was a dirty trick, but God was desperate; his soul quota for this month was way down.

As it turned out, Steve Reynolds was an easy sell. All God had to promise the beady eyed little man was the perfect game of golf, where every one of his drives would be a hole in one. And then, like a snake with a new pair of boots and a date with his snake girlfriend, Steve Reynolds slithered off to ‘Life After Living’ to sow distrust and poor management skills.

It only took the man two weeks to run ‘Life After Living’ into the ground. Somehow he’d managed to land himself a role as Chief Technical Officer, despite having no idea what ‘Life After Living’ actually did. God and Satan watched the chaos as hundreds of billions of souls fled from the burning ship that was ‘Life After Living’.

Satan and God watched the company burn to the ground, and the souls return to their rightful spots at Heaven & Hell Inc. Satan turned to God, and asked.

“How’d you think of coming up with an idiotic monster like Steve Reynolds?”

“Honestly, I was probably a little drunk.” God replied. “I mean, who in their right mind would give an idiot so much charisma.”

“True that.” Satan replied. “Well, I’ve got to head back to my legal department and let them hear the good news. I bet they’ll be happy to hear that they can go back to being stabbed by real, in the flesh demons instead of those damned robots.”[RF] It's tough being six.

-----------

Lil Timmy, with soft hair and a brand new, expensive, designer toddler jeans, designed by Young Naive, walked into the ‘Last Stop’, a ruff and tuff bar on the outskirts of town. Lil Timmy, a man full grown, a the tender age of six, waddled up to the bar, and sat down. He rested his elbows on the scarred wood, and signaled for the bartender.

Horace, the bar’s lone bartender, looked up at Lil Timmy, and gave a firm nod of his head. Horace glanced at his watch, Timmy was a regular at the bar; for the young man, a pit stop at the Last Stop was a necessary way to destress before heading home to his loving, warming, stress inducing, anxiety riddled, desperation paying bills, family.

With a bottle filled to the brim with warm milk, Horace walked up to Timmy. The bar was mostly empty, with just a few regulars sitting around, looking into their drinks sullenly.

“How’s it going today Timmy?” Horace asked, setting down the man’s glass of warm milk.

Timmy shook his head. “Not so good Horace. Big boss man being a real meanie head again.” Tim replied.

Horace “Tched” at that. “Doesn't sound too good Timmy. You gotta keep it up though. What about Tammy?”

Frowning, wincing, at the mention of Tammy, Tim took a deep swig of his warm milk.

“Tammy? Tammy? I don’t know Horace. I jus … I jus … when I was four, everything seemed okay; you know?”

Horace nodded his head slowly, understanding Tim’s plight. Far too often, far too young, men and women found themselves stuck, ensnared, trapped within their lives because of one simple, silly choice. Timmy had first met Tammy at the age of four. They’d fallen in love, and started a family soon after; they’d fallen in love too early, and now Timmy was paying for it. He’d given up his education in exchange for a dead end job, just to make ends meet while Tammy raised the young ones.

Lil Tim raised the glass of milk to his lips. Horace watched, worried, as Tim drained the glass in one great gulp. Slamming the empty glass on the table, Tim let out a belch and wiped his mouth.

“I’m too tired.”

There was a moment of silence, a pause of air. Timmy looked up at Horace, looked into the bartender’s eyes.

“Gimme an apple juice. And then a grape.” Tim commanded, his eyes askew, unfocused.

Horace hesitated, he stuttered, and paused.

“You sure?” He asked.

Tim nodded his head, frowning. Tonight, tonight he was going to fix it all; tonight, he was getting lost in the sauce, lost in the juice.So, spurred on by r/WritingPrompts first chapter contest, I started writing a new novel in my free time, called 'Manitell Island', while I edit my current novel, 'Sally Constantine Wollstonecraft', and while I write other short stories and other various biz.

I've absolutely fallen in love with this story, and thought I'd post the first chapter here if anyone was interested in reading it. It's kind of consumed me while I try to get some of my other work published.

-------------------------

**Reginald Says Hello**

The island, The Island, Manitell Island. It was an island, a bit of a boat ride off from the mainland. A big small island, or a small big island, the description depended on which travel agent you were talking to. Despite that fact, Manitell Island was indeed an island, surrounded by water, by sea, by ocean, on every side; that much couldn’t be argued. It was a two hour boat ride from the mainland to Manitell, a rather long commute for many; thus people who lived on Manitell Island tended to work on Manitell Island.

Aboard the island, adrift in water and sea, the island housed the usual spectacles. There were hills, there were streams, there were lakes, there were valleys, there were forests, there were caves, there was wildlife, there were coves, there were beaches. There were also towns. A small community, a central village, sat smack-dab in the center of the island. It was a mere three blocks of necessary mercantile suppliers. There was also a clustering of roads and houses and stores and shops along the island’s only official harbor.

The center village was merely called Downtown, it had no official name. The town alongside the harbor was called Manitell City. A road connected the two dominant urban areas. Smaller roads connected farms and other homesteads to these two glittering centers of urbanity. During the summertime, Manitell City had quite a bit of tourist activity. There were a few pubs and inns, a couple of bars and boutiques, churches and municipal buildings, just the right amount to sustain a small island town in the summertime.

The rest of the island was nature. People lived, here and there, scattered about. Lawyers, writers, police officers, shop clerks, inventors, explorers, hermits, and liars; they lived in homes built recently, or not so recently. Still, there was plenty of empty space aboard Manitell Island. A small scout troop, Squirrel Boy Scouts Troop Number thirty-five, liked to take shelter during the summer months aboard Manitell Island. There was plenty of space for the young squirrel scouts to grow and explore.

Life aboard the island was set at a different pace. Time moved slowly, there was less of a rush. There was a feeling of eternity, of consistency. There would always be Manitell Island, there would always be the downtown, there would always be Manitell City, there would always be the farms, there would always be the police station, manned by its lone police officer, there would always be the grande house on the north side of the island, manned by a pair of authors, there would always be the area set aside for the Squirrel Boy Scouts Troop Number thirty-five. There would always be; that was the unofficial motto of Manitell Island.

Storms liked to visit the island during the stormy months. The denizens of the island were veterans at enduring such particular weather. A church atop a hill, in between downtown and Manitell City, was the designated relief point. The stable structure and elevated position within the island center made it ideal for shelter from hurricanes and other various sea related disaster. There would always be storms.

As of right now though, the stormy season was not yet upon Manitell Island; it was still a few months away. It was the beginning of summer; the beginning of heat, the beginning of fun and play, the beginning of summer love, the beginning of tourism, the beginning of mosquitos, the beginning of long, lovely nights, and the beginning of many more things filled with the relaxed quiet, brought on and somewhat forced by the heat of the summer days. To work too hard, to worry too hard, could prove fatal in the summer heat. It was a lesson the inhabitants of Manitell Island knew very well, and a lesson many squirrel scouts would learn as they slogged through the summer months of the island.

There was also a small university on Manitell Island. Did I forget to mention this? The notion is easy to slip the mind. Yes, a small campus, a university, sat on the edge of Manitell City. It was a small affair, really quite an eccentric affair. The campus spanned only a few blocks of greenery filled cobblestone streets and intimidating brownstone buildings. There was a single dormitory, which housed around six hundred students. It was a school focused on literature and history, and a thankful source of consistent income during the winter months for many of the locals. The attraction for students was not necessarily the university, but the island itself. Truly, one felt removed from the rest of society, when they chose to live aboard Manitell Island.

***

The university’s library was quiet. A dozen students sat around old, wooden tables, pouring over books and notes. A soft heat filled the large, cavernous room lined with shelf after shelf of books. The windows to the library were open. A soft breeze blew through them, carrying inside the playful sounds of the sea and the island. Linda let out a sigh, and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear. She glanced up from her text, and stared at the window outside. She was a junior, soon to be a senior. She had attended Manitell University for three years now. Some years had been better than others, such were the rigors of academic life. She decided to stay on Manitell over the summer. She wanted to soften the load for her senior year. At least, that’s what she had told her parents. Her reasons for staying around town had not been purely academic.

With a sigh, Linda gathered her things; her books and pencils and notes and papers. Linda was not a very striking woman. She was of average height, and just a tad on the thin side. With an open, honest face, and a plain haircut; she had always attracted positive attention, but never a vast amount of it. In essence, she had a plain beauty to her, a hard working attractiveness; a subtle allure if you will.

Her bag hung over her shoulder as she stepped out of the halls of the library. Students looked up as she left, and gave soft smiles of goodbyes. It was hard not to at least recognize everyone at the university.

Linda left the library, stepping down the front, stone steps. The pleasant afternoon sun greeted her, and bathed her in its warm rays. The sounds of the town, of the gulls, of the harbor, of the island, blanketed her. She looked around for a moment, before heading off towards the beach. She wanted to sit down, to watch the sea, for a moment or two. A number of heavy thoughts were weighing on her mind; she needed to clear them out, organize them, to contemplate them.

A few blocks of walking, and Linda was nearing the beach. The town around her lived, breathed, slowly and quietly this afternoon. Many were at work, but not hard at it. Linda let out a sigh of relief, and felt the tension in her shoulders disappear. The mood, the relaxed atmosphere of languid optimism, was quite infectious. You couldn’t help but let it worm its way inside of your mind.

Linda crossed the street. Just past the sidewalk, down a small walkway, sat the beach. There was no lifeguard; it was swim at your own risk. A few cars passed behind her. Here and there, she could see people, old and young, lounging and walking and swimming. She spied a group of friends, colleagues in a previous class, lounging about nearby. Linda waved hello, but did not join them. She instead turned, and walked a bit down the beach, away from the city. She only walked for a few minutes, but proximity was everything. She followed the soft curve of the island, and soon found the beach less crowded. The sand, warm and soft, rolled and shifted beneath her feet. She had taken her shoes off, and carried them in a free hand.

Not worrying about getting dirty, Linda chose a spot at random, on the beach. She set her bag down, and her shoes next to it. She sat down, and leaned back against her bag. Her head rested on her books, and gave her just enough support to look out across the ocean. She crossed her legs, and laid her hands behind her head. She smiled, and let her mind empty itself of all its thoughts. The waves lapped against the beach. A whooshing sound, slow and methodical, filled the air; along with the salty spray of the sea.

Linda closed her eyes, and laid there for a while, merely taking in the sensation of freedom. Yes, freedom; true freedom. She felt no constraint, no worry. No rush to get to work, no rush to get to class, no rush to achieve her goals, no rush to accomplish a life, no rush for this, no rush for that; it was the beauty of Manitell Island.

Unfortunately for Linda, sometimes her mind would rebel against the island’s innocent charm. She thought about her parents; her mother a successful businesswoman, and her father, a doctor. They lived in a city, far removed from Manitell Island. She could still remember her last phone call with them. The dormitory had a bank of several phone booths on the first floor, near the entrance. They were free of charge, and Linda tried to make sure to call home every two weeks; she also made sure to write a letter once a month. She didn’t necessarily want to keep up such strict communication, but the routine had been beaten into her, not literally, but rather figuratively, by her parents. Plus, it was only right that she keep them updated; they did love her after all, and she loved them in return.

But their love could be quite oppressive at times. It smothered her, and suffocated her. They still could not understand why she had gone to Manitell University, and her explanations had fallen on deaf ears. They still wanted her to write up a five year plan, a ten year plan, a fifteen year plan, a twenty year plan, for her life. They needed to know dates, numbers, calculations, expenses, forecasts, of her life and plans to come. Linda could only grimace and shake her head. She couldn’t think like that, just simply could not, no matter the effort she put in to it. Her mind was so unfamiliar to the minds of her parents; it was on another plane, another mode of transportation.

Still, she loved her parents, loved them dearly. But sadly, unfortunately, happily, her pace of life, her ideas of life, her model of life, differed from her parents’. Linda blew out a stream of air from her nose, and frowned just thinking about it. Her parents had been more than a little peeved that she had refused to come home this summer, but it was good for her. Plus, it wasn’t like they were paying her way; she was here on scholarship. There was a promise of something more from her work, and she knew it could only progress if she stayed on Manitell Island. There was something special about the island, a hint of something different, something old; yet something very, very new.

“Are you okay Miss?” A young man’s voice asked, breaking through Linda’s thoughts.

Linda raised her head, and cracked an eye open.

Off to her right, a young boy, of about eleven or twelve years of age, stood. He wore nothing but a pair of dirty khaki shorts, and a green bandana around his neck. He was thin, in the youthful way of a boy who spent more time outside than he did inside.

“I don’t know, am I?” Linda asked, still caught up in her philosophizing and her thoughts.

The boy cocked his head to the side. He shrugged.

“Sure. I guess.”

Linda let out a small laugh. She looked around. There was a young couple lounging nearby, but no one else.

“Where are your parents?” Linda asked.

“Back home I reckon.” The boy replied.

Linda sat up. She noticed the green kerchief tied around his neck.

“Are you one of the Squirrel Scouts?” Linda asked, recognizing the decoration and design of the kerchief. If you lived on Manitell Island for longer than a year, then the symbol of the Squirrel Scouts became burned into your mind. It was a poorly drawn acorn, with the number thirty-five residing within the acorn. Rumor had it, the design originated when one of the old scout leaders spent three days in the woods, high on psilocybin mushrooms and hallucinating from lack of food. It was rather a disappointment. All of that work and energy and pain and exploration, for a simple acorn and a number.

“I am indeed.” The boy replied, straightening his back and giving a quick salute. Linda smiled.

“So where’s your troop?”

“Back at the camp.” The boy replied.

There was a brief pause. Linda looked at the boy, and glanced around the beach. The boy stood there, awkwardly standing at attention.

“You want to take a seat?” Linda asked, patting the sand next to the her.

The boy started to take a step forward, but stopped himself. He balked, and shook his head.

“I can’t. We’re strangers and all of that. Scout master always says I shouldn’t be hanging around strangers and such.”

“Well … what’s your name then?” Linda asked with a smile.

“Charles, and your’s?”

“It’s Linda.”

Charles gave a thoughtful nod at that. He stroked his chin, and glanced around the beach absentmindedly.

“Well, it seems that we aren’t strangers anymore.” Charles said, turning back to face Linda.

Linda shook her head. “No, I guess we aren’t.”

Charles walked over, and took a seat in the sand next to Linda. He pulled his knees up, and hugged them to his chest.

The two sat in silence, watching the waves and the sky and the clouds and the sea and the earth. Linda frowned to herself. She couldn’t remember what day of the week it was.

“What’re you sitting out here for?” Charles asked.

Linda glanced at the young boy scout.

“Nothing … or maybe everything. I’m just enjoying the moment I guess.” She paused. “What are you doing out here on the beach? Aren’t you Squirrel Scouts supposed to be learning important lessons about manhood and life out in the forest?”

Charles shrugged.

“I guess.”

“You guess?” Linda asked through a smile.

“Yeah. I got tired of it. I hate the uniform. I hate standing in stupid neat rows. I hate making sure everything is nice and tidy. I hate listening to our scout master. I hate it all.” The boy said to the sand at his feet.

Linda frowned, and nodded her head slowly. The gentle breeze tickled at her face and hair.

“That’s a lot of hate.” She said.

Charles didn’t reply.

“There has to be something you like about it though.” Linda continued. “What about summertime? Or Nature? Or swimming? I’m sure there are parts of it that can be fun.”

Charles looked up at Linda. “Yeah … I guess. It can be fun sometimes. And the other boys are fun to play with. But I just think-“

“CHARLES!”

Charles was cut off by a stern, concerned yell coming from the edge of the beach. Linda and Charles both turned to look behind them. There, on the verge of the beach, on the line, the boundary, between grass and sand, stood Reginald Philips, the scout master for the Squirrel Boy Scouts Troop Number thirty-five.

Reginald was a rather young man; he was twenty-four years old, tall with a lean frame. A shock of red hair atop his head, and a rather honest if not plain face; he had a chin that liked to avoid conflict. He was a teacher, and took his summers off to lead his loyal scout troop. This was his second year as troop scout master. Prior to Reginald, there was the scout master named Barry Robenson. Barry had been caught using psilocybin mushrooms in the forest, and had instantly resigned in disgrace. It seemed that Barry had heard the rumors of the old scout master, and wanted to find the creativity to enable him to leave his own mark on the Squirrel Scout history. Unfortunately for Barry, he didn’t realize that to do something great and bizarre, it must be done with a pure heart. Doing something so silly and foolish with a selfish goal can lead to nothing but bad luck. In his own way, though, he did make Squirrel Scout history; he was the first scout master to resign in disgrace and scandal. The Manitell Newspaper ran his story on the front page. Soon the story spread from the island, to the mainland. Rumor had it that the story disseminated across all the chapters of the Squirrel Scouts, and the mainland public picked up the story like wildfire; according to local gossip, ten million people read the newspaper story. You could believe that number, or not, but the number stood the test of time inside the local gossip mills of Manitell Island. Barry left the island in shame, and never returned; for now.

 Charles jumped up. Sand flew and scattered around his feet. Some of it fell into Linda’s mouth, forcing her to spit and stutter.

“Scout Master Philips!” Charles shouted out, saluting the scout master. The action, the performance, the ritual, had been drilled into his young mind.

“Charles!” Reginald cried out, charging towards them. Sand flew up behind him, such was the angry pace he was taking. “Why aren’t you at camp?! The rest of the boys are learning the vital skill of hammock preparation.” Reginald yelled, stopping a few feet from Linda and Charles.

Charles stood in place, frozen to the warm sand beneath him.

“I don’t want to learn about stupid hammocks! I hate it! I want to be on the beach and have fun and adventure and explore and not be cramped up in a stupid camp all day!” Charles yelled back, his outburst fueled by some recently untapped well of courage and rebellion; it may have formed from his recent interaction with Linda. Talking to a pretty girl can give some people the strangest courage.

“Wh-what?” Reginald stuttered, taken aback. He hadn’t expected such an outburst.

“You hate it?” Reginald asked, hurt, in a much softer voice.

“Y-yes sir!” Charles cried out, now suddenly unsure of his position. He saw the pain in Scout Master Philip’s face, and wasn’t sure what to do. He hadn’t thought he would hurt the scout master’s feelings.

The two men stared at each other, in shock and uncertainty, unsure of where to go from here.

Linda let out a sigh, and got to her feet. She brushed the sand off her legs.

“Well first off.” She said, addressing the two. “I think that everyone needs to wait a second, have a step back, and take in a big breath of air.”

The two, broken out of their uncertainty, turned to look at Linda.

“Ah, yes, ahem. I believe that would be for the best.” Reginald said, coughing into his closed fist. “And, just, who might you be?”

“Who might I be?” Linda asked with a tease. “I’m Linda. And you?”

Reginald straightened his back. He stuck his chest out, and addressed Linda.

“I am Reginald Philips, scout master for the Squirrel Boy Scouts Troop Number thirty-five.” He said with pride.

Linda smiled.

“Well. That’s all well and good. Now, how about we all have a seat and calm down. Maybe then you two can talk things out as it should be.”

A blush rose up to Reginald’s cheeks. He coughed into his fist again.

“Ahem. Yes, yeah. That sounds like … a pretty good plan.”

The two boys sat down in the sand next to each other, obeying Linda’s sage command, and stared off into the sea. Linda gathered her bag, her books and school supplies, and moved a few feet away, before sitting back down in the sand. She felt it better to give the two boys some privacy as they talked. Sometimes one’s true feelings could stay hidden in the presence of strangers, or in the presence of interesting, mysterious women who can take command of a situation.

The soft chatter of Reginald and Charles soon became lost among the breeze and the churning of the sea and the living of the gulls. Linda smiled, and shook her head softly. She knew it, felt it, that it was right to stay on Manitell Island. She was too nervous, too scared, too anxious of what was to come in life; she needed a respite, a calm before the storm, and she felt that Manitell Island offered her shelter from the future of her life.

Linda glanced over her shoulder. Reginald and Charles stood up. They shook hands, and smiled at each other. Charles went off, back towards the boy scout’s camp. Reginald watched him go, and then turned and walked over towards Linda.

“Hey, thanks for that.” Reginald said sheepishly, sitting down next to Linda.

Linda nodded, and stared out across the ocean. “No problem.”

“I’m Reginald by the way, but everyone calls me Reggie.” Reggie said, extending a hand.

Linda glanced down at the hand, the formal greeting. She gave a small laugh, and turned her head back towards the sea, ignoring Reggie’s outstretched hand.

“It’s nice to meet you Reggie.” Linda replied.

Reggie looked from Linda, to his outstretched hand. He lowered his hand slowly, hiding it in the sand, unsure of what to do with it now after its unusual rejection; funny though, he didn’t take much offense to Linda’s indifference for his handshake.

“Do you attend the university here?” Reggie asked, noticing the book bag next to Linda.

“Yeah.”

There was a brief silence. The two stared out across the beach, out across the sea, out across the horizon, out across the sky. Reginald nodded, he coughed and got up.

“Well, thank you. I’m sure I’ll see you around Linda.”

Linda glanced up in reply, and nodded. Reggie turned, and walked back towards his scouts and his camp. Linda turned back to the sea, and turned back to her thoughts. She let out a sigh, and felt her shoulders slump.

The reason she had decided to stay on Manitell Island this summer had been a happy one, it had been a sad one. Linda wanted to be an author, she wanted to be a storyteller, she wanted to be a writer; a refugee from modern, mainstream, society. She had begun writing her first book last semester, and desperately wanted to finish writing it in the summertime. She felt fear, trepidation, if she left the island.

Linda gathered her bag, and got up. She decided to head home. She turned to leave the beach. She was pessimistically hopeful for this summer. It was sure to be filled with happiness and love, adventure and mystery and excitement and life. But there was a fear, a sense of finality to this summer. Afterwards, she would finish the summer, and then she would finish her last year at Manitell University, but what would happen after that? It made her nervous. She wanted to finish her book, needed to finish her book, before that happened, and she was released into that great unknown. Maybe her parents were right, maybe she should write out a plan, an outline, of her life to come.[TT] Shackleton's advertisement "Men wanted for hazardous journey. Small wages, bitter cold, long months of complete darkness, constant danger, safe return doubtful, honor and recognition in case of success" set in the future, with space exploration in mind.

--------------------------

It had only been six days since Anais had left the port of Hyperion, and already she understood the grime reality of Shackleton’s advertisement. Anais was one of the thirty crew aboard the deep observation vessel, The Orbiting Eye CXR-22. The vessel was a grim, oblong ball held together with welded metal and struts. It was a dirty thing, having been traded from hand to hand through the Chinese black market. Still, it was better than the slums of the asteroid observation city, Hyperion, which Anais had called home for the last few years.

Anais took a look out of her port window. She was lying in her bunk, squeezed into the tiny room which she now called home. There was just enough room for her bunk, and a small storage locker at the foot of the metal bed. The reflection of a young woman, slightly emaciated from a rough life, stared back at her from the port window. Anais let out a sigh, and wondered how she’d wound up in this mess in the first place.

When she’d first saw the advertisement, asking for workers to join the observation vessel’s crew, she had almost jumped for joy. There had been only minimal pay offered, and a promise of a rough journey, but all of that paled in the comparison for the chance to leave the slums of Hyperion. But now that she was actually off the asteroid, doubts began to circle around her mind. Already, on of the main thrusters was having difficulties, and they were still several weeks away from their destination, a forward observation post in the far reaches of mankind explored space. Anais didn’t know why they were headed out so far into the solar system, but she had a feeling it was something to do with mineral procurement. Not that the reason mattered much to her; she was just along for the possible opportunities to come.

Anais reached into her pack. She opened the zipper, and eyed the contents. Before leaving, she decided to cash out the last of her credits, and splurge on food packets and black market liquor pods. At the bottom of the pack, in a hidden compartment, was a tiny laser pistol. She’d had to do some nasty, awful things to get a hold of it. The thing was contraband, and she could be thrown off the vessel for it, but she didn’t trust the vessel’s Captain. If things became too hairy, she’d rather have a backup plan; just in case.

A sharp knock came through the sheet metal of her room’s door.

“Anais. You’re shifts starting. Suit up and head down to the mech room.”

Anais gave a grunt of acknowledgement, and crammed the pack into her storage locker. She zipped into a skintight spacesuit, and locked the footlocker. She left her room, and came out to a tight, steel hallway. Her feet clanked against the metal floor as she made her way to the mech room. She would pass fellow sailors, and greet them as best she could. It was still early onto their voyage, and everyone was weary of each other. What was worse, the crew was mostly greenhorns. There’d been rumors of horrible atrocities committed in deep space. Anais was sure the rumors hung heavy on everyone’s minds as they set out.

Leaving the tight halls of the ship, Anais entered the rather cavernous mech room through a steel, bay door. The mech room was the lifeblood of the vessel. It housed all the equipment necessary to maintain the ship, as well two hulking mech suits, used for space exploration and defense.

Jinkers, the second in command to the ship, was standing at his usual spot on a raised platform. He was a short, stocky man; his spacesuit broken and patched in certain areas. The rest of Anais’ shift was slowly filing into the mech room. They were tired, bags hung heavy beneath their eyes. For some reason the captain was nervous, on edge, and forcing the crew into twelve hour shifts. Anais stood in line in the mech room. She couldn’t help but smell the faint lure of death hanging in the air. The smell reminded her of the slums on Hyperion. There, life was as cheap as a breath of air.

“Alright. You all know the drill by now. Grab your tools and head to your post. Fuck up and the ship goes down.” Jinkers said, addressing the rag tag crew. “Also, Captain’s orders, we’re going to need another —-“

Jinkers was cut off by a shrill screeching noise. The noise, the sound of metal tearing against metal, filled the cavernous room. A jolt of terror flashed across Anais’ mind. The metal beneath her feet began to tremble, and a siren blared out. A robotic voice came over the speakers.

“Engine Failure. Main Engines One and Two are permanently offline. Breach in the Hull. Loss of Environment. Loss of Cabin Air Pressure.”

The voice continued to blare over the speakers, but it fell on deaf ears. The crew panicked. Jinkers had fallen from his raised platform with a great crash. Fear filled Anais. The crew around her began to rush and scatter. Anais felt the ship shudder and shake beneath her. Without thinking, Anais ran towards the observation deck at the front of the ship.

Slamming into the tight metal hall of the ship, Anais could hear screams and horrible clunking noises coming the dying crew and the dying ship. She ran, her mind a single focus track. She had to get out of here, she had to survive. She ran past her room, picking up her pack of contraband and food as she went. Crew members passed her by, running towards their inevitable deaths with maddened, bloodshot eyes.

The door to the observation deck stood before her. Anais slammed into the door, busting it off of its cheap hinges. She stumbled forward into the room, and took a few more steps before regaining her balance. The room was deserted, save for the Captain, who was typing furiously into a side terminal. Next to the terminal, the outline of a door could be seen. Anais smiled; she knew the Captain had a hidden escape pod somewhere on the sip.

The Captain started to turn towards Anais. A look of anger and rage on his face. Anais reached into her pack, not hesitating for a moment. She pulled out the laser pistol, and armed it. Before the Captain had a chance to scream, Anais shot a burst of lethal laser energy at him. The bolt of red cut through his chest, killing him instantly.

Anais ran over to the terminal, hopping over the Captain’s corpse. A quick second of fiddling with the terminal, and she armed the pod. Without thought, she jumped in, and hit launch. With a great rumble, a burst of momentum, the pod’s thrusters activated and it was shot out of the ship.

Anais careened through space, and looked out of the pod’s window. Beneath her, and disappearing into space, was the observation vessel. Anais saw smoke and fire coming from the back of the ship, and watched as the ship began to crumple, its engines failing. A great explosion erupted from the main engine room, and Anais watched as the ship drew its last, dying breath.

Anais leaned back in the pod’s seat. She let out a sigh, and tried to calm her shaking hands. She stared out into space, and her exhausted, fearful reflection stared back at her. This wasn’t what she had planned on.

She wasn’t sure if the escape pod would take her to safety, or if she was just prolonging her impending death. Still, dying out here, in the freedom of space, was better than being another corpse in the slums of Hyperion.[TT] You've finally reached the room where the princess is being held. As soon as she sees you, she says, "Stop."

-------------------------------------

Bedraggled and worn down, Peri staggered into the throne room of the castle ruins. Cuts and chinks crisscrossed her armor. Her hair, blonde, fell out in disheveled waves from beneath her worn helmet. Sweat pooled at her brow, and traveled down her body. Her sword, hung loose in her tired hands, was covered in nicks and scratches. Scorch marks laid across her breastplate. Behind her, a horde of goblins, led by a ruthless dragon overlord, lay slumped across the broken stones of the ruins, dead and defeated.

The throne room was cavernous, massive; the arched ceiling towered high above Peri’s head. Across the long room, on a raised dias, sat a throne of stone. Atop the throne, sat the Princess Madlen. Her bright pink gown enshrouded her delicate frame. Peri staggered towards the princess, a smile of relief planted on her face.

“My Princess, thank goodness you are unhurt. I’ve—“

Peri was cut off by the shrill cry of the Princess.

“Stop! How dare you?!” She cried out, rising slowly from the stone throne.

Peri stopped in her tracks, frozen in confusion. The tip of her sword fell to the ground, scraping against the stone floor.

“My Princess Madlen, what is the matter? It is I, Sir Peri Arlington. I’ve come to save you.” Peri spoke out. Her words bounced around the cavernous hall of the throne room.

Princess Madlen ignored Peri’s words. She strode from the throne, to the loyal servant before her, bedraggled from the exertions of combat. The Princess’ light footfalls tapped out onto the stone floor, echoing around as she walked with determined anger towards her rescuer.

“And what made you think I wanted to be rescued you inbred idiot!” The Princess cried out, picking up her skirts and walking ever faster towards her loyal servant.

“B-but, my Princess. Your father … he said you were kidnapped, that I needed to rescue you.” Peri replied.

The Princess let out a shrill growl. She hitched her pink skirt up even further, and broke out into an all out sprint towards Peri. She reached Peri at top speed, and raised a gloved hand. With one swift motion, she slapped Peri. The sound resonated around the hall. Peri, too stunned and weary from her travels, fell back onto her butt. Her sword clattered to the stone floor.

“Kidnapped?! Is that what that fool of a king told you?” Princess Madlen shouted.

“Y-yes my Princess.” Peri replied, looking up from the ground.

Madlen blew out a breath of frustrated air. “Are you loyal to me, Sir Peri Arlington?”

Peri rose to one knee, and stared into her master’s eyes. “Yes my Princess. Wholeheartedly and absolutely. I would even betray the King if need be.”

Madlen smiled. She clasped her hands behind her back, and paced in front of her kneeling servant. “Good, good. Then I believe not all is lost. Come, I must show you something.”

Princess Madlen offered an outstretched hand. Peri took it, and rose to face the Princess. The two women stared at each other, and shared a loving smile. Princess Madlen took Peri to a small, wooden door off to the side of the throne room. Past the door, was a small room, filled with maps and letters, books and scrolls. Princess Madlen lit a candle.

“What is this place?” Peri asked, gazing about in wonder.

“My war room.” Madlen replied, walking over to a worn table.

“What would you need a war room for, my Princess?” Peri asked, following Princess Madlen over to the table.

“To rebel against my accursed father, of course.” Malden replied, laying out several scrolls in front of Peri.

Princess Madlen told Peri of her father’s evil deeds. Of the hidden slave rings and horrid human experiments, and of his own attempts to assassinate her when she learned of his dark secrets. Princess Madlen had desperately fled the castle. It was through sheer luck that she survived. She wandered the thick forests of the kingdom for days, finally coming upon this ruined castle and its inhabitants. Again, luck had befallen the Princess. Rather than simply tearing her to shreds, the goblins had taken her to their master, the Dragon Elthoria. Elthoria and Madlen had formed a pact, an agreement, to rise up against Madlen’s father, the King. The King must have heard of their pact, and dispatched Peri, and the other Inner Knights, to quell the looming rebellion, and return the Princess to the evil grasp of the King.

Peri listened, eyes wide, body petrified in horro. When Princess Madlen was finished talking, Peri bent her head in apology.

“My Princess, I am gravely sorry.” Tears welled in Peri’s eyes.

Madlen brought up a gloved hand to rest on Peri’s shoulder. “Don’t be. You thought you were protecting me, and, all is not lost. I have been communicating with a wizard named Nadir, and his knight errant Parallax. If I am able to connect with them, then there is still a chance for my rebellion.”

Peri looked into the Princess’ eyes, determination written across her face. The Inner Knight knelt down in front of her Princess.

“Princess Madlen, I pledge my services and absolute loyalty to you. I will make sure you meet this wizard, and one day overthrow your father, the King.”

A smile spread across Madlen’s lips. “Thank you, Peri. I was afraid on my own, but with you here, I’m sure we will prevail.”

Peri rose, and the two women embraced. After a bit of rest, they left the ruined castle, and headed towards the desert lands past the thick forests of the kingdom, where Madlen was to meet the Wizard Nadir. They strode out of the castle, proud and ready to face whatever may come their way. Peri was determined to protect her Princess, her life long friend, and make up for the grave setback she had caused her.[WP]Everyone in the world is a were-creature. The main character is a were-mouse.

--------------------------------

Aphelion sat on the worn bed in her room at the inn. Down below, she could hear the merry making and singing and drinking and dancing of the inn’s pub. They were celebrating for tonight, the dawn of the full moon. A scowl came across Aphelion’s face. Tonight would be the night when the moon, in all its deadly glory, rose high in the sky, and awoke the dark monsters lurking within the flesh every man and woman. Down below, all of the revelers would be torn from their flesh, and transformed into deadly beasts of the night. Aphelion let out a sigh. Tonight, she too, would be forced away from her shell of soft flesh, and into the monstrosity of her soul.

The wooden frame of the bed squeaked as Aphelion rose. She walked over to the room’s window; black robes covered her from head to toe. She opened the window, and stepped out onto the wooden slats of the inn’s roof. Around her, the squat buildings of the city’s outskirts surrounded her. In the distance, she could see the city walls, and the tops of the tall, stone buildings hidden within. Tonight she could not afford to celebrate and give in to her base desires. Tonight, she had to scale the city walls, and break into the Tektites’ bank. She planned on stealing the Breaker’s Shard, a precious diamond coveted by the infamous Tektite family.

Pushing off against the inn’s roof, Aphelion leapt across the street to a neighboring building. The blood orange and red of the setting sun filled the horizon. Down below, in the streets and in their homes, people drank and celebrated, excited and nervous for their night of mad debauchery to begin. Some would transform into fearsome creatures, ravaging across the city, others would grow wings, and fly through the night’s sky, and even more would become swift and agile, lean animals made for trekking across the vast, open lands of the kingdom.

The wooden and tin roofs thudded under Aphelion’s light footfalls as she ran from roof to roof. She closed in on the towering stone walls of the city. By now, there was merely a sliver of light before the greatness of the full moon took over the night sky. She had to hurry, she had to make it past the wall before she changed.

Aphelion fished a grappling hook from within the folds of her clothes. With one swift motion, she tossed the device over the wall. She heard it clatter on the stone ramparts. With a firm grasp on the rope, she tugged. She felt the grappling claw skitter across the stone, and then felt it tug back as it snagged against the ramparts. With a grunt, Aphelion grabbed hold of the rope and jumped off. She brought her feet up, and slammed into the stone wall. Without loosing momentum, she ascended the wall, her hands moving quickly, one over the other. She knew the city guards would be distracted, too excited and nervous about the full moon to notice her. Still, she climbed feverishly.

With a hint of desperation and exertion, Aphelion reached the lip of the wall. She pulled herself up, and scooped up her grabbling hook. She sprinted across the wall. She saw a building just in front of her. She ran towards it, her foot bracing against the stone rampart. With a great push, she shoved off of the wall, and sailed through the air. For a moment or two, she was free, completely in the clutches of gravity and free fall, and then she crashed onto the tiled roof of the building. She felt the crunch of tiles beneath her feet, and rolled to lessen the impact. Aphelion sprung to her feet, sprinting across the roof, not a moment to lose.
Over her shoulder, she felt the last rays of light slowly disappear. She jumped across rooftops and ran towards the Tektites’ bank, adrenaline filling her body. She felt the light of the day disappear, replaced by the pale glow of the moon. A shiver ran through her body, a quiver of force, a twitch of movement.

Aphelion jumped over to another rooftop. She was so close. She felt the spasms take over her body. Across the city, feral howls and horrid screams began to fill the air. Sweat filled her brow, and fear crawled up her spine. An intense pain pulsed through her body. As the screams and roars and growls filled the city, so too did the pain and fear fill her body. She  clambered down the side of a building, and ran into an alley behind the Tektites’ bank. She collapsed to her knees, and stared up at the imposing building. She had made it, just in time.

A sharp pain shot through Aphelion’s body. She arched her back, and let out a desperate shriek. She felt her limbs shrink and morph. An intense black and red of pain flashed across her mind. For a moment she lost control, she lost all sense of being, all sense of purpose, all sense of humanity. Pain and fear and terror and hatred and feral ferocity consumed her. She shrieked and yelled and writhed on the dirty floor of the alleyway, bathed in shadow and pale moonlight.

And then the pain slowly began to subside. Aphelion opened her eyes. She lay still for a moment or two. All around her, feral shrieks and the clacking of claws, the clomping of hooves, the flapping of wings, filled the air. With determination, Aphelion rose to her four pink, padded paws. Her tail twitched, and her whiskers sniveled. Blood red eyes peeked out from behind a fur coat. Aphelion had transformed into a were-mouse, and joined the rest of the city in its night of debauchery.

Wasting no time, Aphelion ran across the base of the bank. She found a small hole, discovered months ago, and went inside. She followed a serious of tiny tunnels and shafts, created long ago by many mice before her. In secret, she traversed the bank, slowly winding her way to the vault. Aphelion climbed through a small hole in the floor, and found herself standing in the Tektite family vault.

Aphelion scurried over to a corner of the room. She climbed a wooden table, and came face to face with her prize. On a small, metal pedestal, sat a deep black gem, the Breaker’s Shard. It was incredibly small, as small as a pebble. Its black surface seemed incredibly deep, and as Aphelion stared at the gem, she felt that she would fall into its surface. The gem was incredibly rare, and was said to hold an immense power. There were rumors, stories of a painful fate to whoever touched the gem with their bare flesh. Aphelion scurried up to the gem, and opened her mouth. In her tiny jaws, she took a hold of the gem.

Clasped firmly in her tiny mouth, Aphelion scurried back out of the bank. She then hid, in the folds of her clothes, in the alleyway, waiting for morning to come. She knew she wouldn’t be bothered. Everyone was too occupied with their own vices and pleasures to come wondering out to the alleyway that night. She sat, waiting, dreaming of the life she could build off of this gem, the riches she could make.

As the night of debauchery continued, Aphelion too fell victim to her vices of greed. She dreamed of all she could become, and all of the gold she would make. She passed the night, succumbing to her base desires, in this ritual of deprivation, in this night of inhuman monstrosities.

——————————————

The next morning Aphelion awoke with a start. She dressed herself quickly, and snuck out of the city. She would meet up with her fence in the next town over, and soon all of her dreams would come true. A large smile filled her face as she walked, unnoticed, past the walls of the city.“Are you crying already Sergeant Johnson?! It hasn’t even been four hours yet and your weak little ass is already bawling like a baby! Unbelievable.” Sara said, chewing out Sgt. Johnson in the empty girls’ bathroom of Lillydale High School.

“I’m-I’m sorry Sara.” Sgt. Johnson whimpered out, tears welled in the corner of his eyes. “But Jessica was so mean to me this morning. Did you hear what she said about my shoes?! And then I heard Amy gossiping about my weight. That’s not okay!”

Sara paced the tiled bathroom, red lollipop swishing around in her mouth. She glanced over at Sgt. Johnson, dressed in his school uniform, pleated dress falling just above his knees and stylish cardigan hanging on his rugged frame. A platinum blonde wig, made into two pigtails, adorned the soldier’s chiseled face. Sara let out a sigh. Why did HQ have to send such a wimp out to the front lines.

“Pull it together man.” Sara barked out, walking over to Sgt. Johnson. She raised her hand; in a swift motion she slapped Johnson with her open palm. The sound of the slap bounced off of the walls of the bathroom like the crack of a whip.

Johnson stopped crying, and with one last sniffle looked up at his commanding officer, Sara Weston. “Th-thank you ma’am.”

“Pfft. Nothing to it soldier. Now straighten yourself up.” Sara replied, helping Sgt. Johnson get to his feet.

“Now, you need to get your ass in gear son.” The teenage girl commanded. She turned her back to Sgt. Johnson and continued to pace the room. “At oh thirteen-hundred we’ve got algebra, and do you know what happens in algebra soldier?”

“Yes Ma’am!” Johnson replied, straightening his back. “At oh thirteen-hundred the envy of every student in the school, Duke Devlin, sits down next to us in algebra class because of the assigned seating schedule which we sabotaged at the beginning of the school year to ensure Duke’s seat placement.”

Sara gave a curt nod. “Excellent memory soldier. And what operation are we commencing today.” She said, staring defiantly at her reflection in the memory. Her emerald green eyes stared at her reflection with confidence and purpose.

“We will be asking Duke Devlin to next week’s prom. It’s our senior year, and we still haven’t been asked to any of the school dances. We know we are pretty and talented enough for any of the boys, and this is our last shot at experiencing a school dance.” Sgt. Johnson barked out.

Sara Weston gave the mirror a smile as Sgt. Johnson continued to speak to her back.

“Our information has shown that Duke Devlin is not only the hottest guy in the school, but also extremely kind and empathetic. Through diligent intelligence tracking, we have confirmed from gossip by both Jessica and Amanda, that he has never been to a dance before, or even had a girlfriend yet. From this data, we believe him to be a perfect match. Plus, he is dreamy as all hell.” Sgt. Johnson finished his report with  a stern, serious face.

“That’s right Sgt. Johnson!” Sara replied with swagger, putting a foot up on the lip of the sink. She leaned on her raised knee, and stared into her reflection’s eyes. She was filled with confidence; she wouldn’t fail her mission.

“We are going to go out there, and we are going to ask out Duke Devlin to the high school dance!” Sara said to herself.

Sara Weston gave her reflection a nod and an encouraging smile. She walked out of the girls’ bathroom, and steeled herself. She was the only person seen leaving the bathroom.

That day in algebra, she said next to Duke Devlin, just like she did everyday. However, instead of usually sitting quietly and sneaking glimpse at Duke from the edges of her vision, today she turned to Duke. She let out a meek ‘hey’ and smiled, and Duke returned the greeting with a smile of his own. Through an immense willpower, Sara stammered out a single question to Duke Devlin.

“Wo-would yo-you l-l-like to go to theschooldancewithme.” She blurted out, her cheeks bright red.

Duke was taken aback; a slight blush came over his face. He scratched the back of his head, and looked away. He replied.

“O-of course. I could never say no to the prettiest, coolest, smartest girl in the school.” He mumbled.

It may have seemed impossible, but Sara Weston’s cheeks blushed even further. She let out a goofy smile, and the two shared a laugh before they were shushed by the algebra teacher.

After class, in-between periods, Duke and Sara chatted. They promised to meet up after school, and soon found themselves to be inseparable. They went to the dance as a couple, and after graduating high school attended the same university. They spent years and years together, enjoying their lives and growing out of their shells.

That Saturday before the prom, Sara Weston went to her bi-weekly therapy appointment. She gushed and raved, and couldn’t stop thanking the therapist for their suggestion; to overcome her social anxiety by talking it out, by creating a partner in crime who could help her execute a proper plan of action.

Tears filled Sara’s eyes as she talked and talked, a sharp contrast to her normally very reserved and quiet self. Her therapist smiled, pleased with the sudden breakthrough.

In the confines of her sub-conscious, hidden away in her id, Sgt. Johnson stood, saluting, a single tear falling down his manly face. Their joint operation had been a huge success.Sonny held his breath. Wind rushed past his face. He braced his body for the fall. The suit of wolf fur that he wore smelt of old musk, and itched horrible. The rough grey furs dug into the his skin.

The young man landed on all fours, the soft grass and soil softening his fall. He looked over his shoulder. Two of the zoo keepers looked down at him from the back entrance to the wolf enclosure. For some reason they’d just tossed him down there, rather than let him use the stairs. Sonny shrugged, it was probably to help him get in character.

The man-wolf crawled on all fours out of the cave which housed the hidden back entrance. The harsh light of the sun greeted him, temporarily blinding the man-wolf. Sonny raised a paw, and batted at his eyes. The distant sounds of children laughing and parents struggling to survive the day bounced down the walls of the wolf enclosure. Sonny didn’t bother to look up as he walked on all fours. The man was starting to wonder what he’d gotten himself into. Had this really been worth the money?

The soft rustle of grass, and a low growl, caught Sonny’s attention. The man-wolf, snapped his head to the right. A trio of wolves stalked towards him. Sonny swallowed hard, and turned to face his new pack. Would they figure out he was a wolf and tear him to shreds? Sonny’s knees started to shake. He hadn’t thought about meeting the other wolves when he’d signed up for this.

The wolves surrounded Sonny. For a while they all stood there, staring at each other. Then, a wolf behind Sonny started to get closer. In fear, Sonny backed away. Then the wolves on either side started to close in. Fear rose inside of Sonny’s chest. He kept backing away. The wolves herded Sonny into a thicket of trees within the wolf enclosure. Their growls and yips terrified the man-wolf as he quickened his pace through the woods. Fear racked his mind.

Soon, Sonny found himself hidden deep within the patch of woods. The sounds of the zoo were a distant memory within the eery silence of the woods. He’d lost sight of the wolves a few moments ago. Sonny glanced around him in fear. They could be right around the corner, watching, waiting to tear him apart. Panic rose within Sonny. Where were the zookeepers?

A deep, guttural laugh bounced around the woods. Sonny jumped in his skin, startled. A large, muscular man walked out from behind a tree. A wolf skin costume much like Sonny’s hung over his shoulder.

“So they tricked you into doing it too, huh?” The man asked, his voice a deep growl.

“Wha-what?!” Sonny yelled out, falling to his butt in surprise.

“Listen kid, how much did they offer you? Couple thousand for the summer, am I right? Fucking bastards.” The man said, walking over to Sonny. He plopped down to the ground next to the new man-wolf and let out a sigh.

Sonny, in desperation, followed the instructions that had been drilled into him for the past two weeks by the zoo keepers. “Wo-uh, wo-woof.” Sonny meekly stuttered out.

“Oh knock it off man, we all got conned, didn’t we guys?” The man sitting next to Sonny said.

Several other men and women appeared from behind the trees surrounding Sonny. Each had a smelly wolf costume hanging over their shoulders. Sonny pulled the costume off of his head, and looked around in amazement. He couldn’t believe his eyes.

“Are all the wolves in here human?” Sonny asked.

“Not just the wolves, all of the animals in the zoo are humans.” A woman replied.

By now, Sonny was ringed by a group of ragtag humans. Each one was a bit dirty and bedraggled, having to live as wolves by night, and only come out of their wolf skins at night. Sonny peeled off his disgusting costume in bewilderment.

“How long have you guys been stuck here?” Sonny asked.

“Some of us years, others only a few months.” The man sitting beside Sonny replied. He extended his hand. “I’m Gregg by the way. I was elected the new leader of the group a couple of weeks ago.”

Sonny took Gregg’s hand in his own. “Sonny. So why don’t you guys go home?”

“They won’t let us leave.” A man standing beside Sonny replied.

“What about your families? Wouldn’t the police come looking for us?!”

“Well sure.” Gregg said. “But so far the police haven’t bothered to look inside of the wolf enclosure. Remember how we weren’t supposed to tell anybody where we were going? It was in the contract we signed.”

“Oh, yeah.” Sonny said, his voice deflated. “But what about escaping?”

“They’ve got guards stationed at all times, day and night. Hell, people try to escape, but they never make it far. I’m guessing you’re supposed to be the replacement for the last guy who tried to escape the wolf enclosure.” Gregg said, slowly scratching his tummy.

“So what do we do then?” Sonny asked in despair. He was supposed to be leaving for college in a few weeks.

“Nothing much. Just pretend to be wolves by day, and eat and drink by night. Don’t get me wrong, the zoo keepers aren’t evil. They feed us well enough, and usually give us plenty of booze at night.” Gregg said, a smile growing on his face.

“Wh-what? You expect me to be happy with this?!” Sonny burst out.

“Well sure kid, I mean, what’re you gonna do. Plus, for some of us, it’s almost kind of like a paradise. No shitty office job, you get to be outside all day, you get taken care of, people feed you well and give you plenty to drink. I’d say this is freaking Heaven on Earth man, the damn Garden of Eden.” Gregg said, a smile on his face.

Sonny stared in disbelief; at a complete loss for words.

Over the coming days, he would try desperately to escape; he would plan and scheme, but ultimately to no avail. Soon the monotony of the days, and the nightly celebrations, distracted Sonny’s mind. He grew accustomed to this new life, and came to even enjoy it. He forgot about the outside world, about his plans and dreams, his aspirations. He merely existed, eventually finding meaning in his life through the entertainment and joy that he brought to the visitors of the zoo. As Sonny aged, he felt affirmed in his life; he’d lived happily, and created enjoyable memories for the children and adults that came to watch the zoo enclosure.

Sonny died many years later, an old man. In his will, he asked to be buried while wearing his wolf costume. The night of his death, several lonely cries were howled up to the moon.“Service bot CXR-7, return to maintenance bay three.” Came the booming voice of the Overseer.

Service bot CXR-7 looked up from its post along the communications array; it had just been patching up a tear in one of the tesla coils. CXR-7 was a rather old model, one of the oldest aboard the unmanned observation ship. Unlike many of its sleeker and more streamlined companions, it still boasted a bi-pedal movement base. Its creators, for some odd reason, had designed it to resemble that of a human.

CXR-7 dutifully finished its repairs, and then headed towards maintenance bay three. Its sensors and internal guidance map helped it traverse the many doors and rooms, airlocks and passages of the unmanned observation ship.

As of this date, the ship had been orbiting the Eltherion sector for several centuries now. The ship was self sustaining, and even had a few designated self learning robots to make improvements and modifications to the current robotics of the ship.

Hundreds of Petabytes a day were communicated from the ship back to home base, where the human creators crunched the data and monitored the universe. As of star date eighty-five, exactly ten years ago, the ship had not received a return signal from home base. According to standard operating procedure, the ship was supposed to receive a return signal from home base every twenty four hours.

This predicament did not worry the robots and sensors aboard the observation ship, which had been christened with the name ‘Beacon L5’. The robots aboard Beacon L5 were not truly sentient. Yes, some of them had been granted partial sentience and advanced computing to ensure the safety of Beacon L5, but even they were not truly alive; they did not experience emotions such as fear and anxiety.

CXR-7 was not one of the lucky robots who had received partial cognition and advanced computing. It was a simple, slightly outdated, service bot.

Following its most recent command, CXR-7 entered maintenance bay three. To the great surprise of the service bot’s sensors, both the Overseer and the Head Learning Bot floated in front of it. 

Both the Overseer and the Head Learning Bot were sleek, newer models, who consisted of a few chromamatic parts tied together through a miniature gravity generation field, and who floated using combined suspension. They were the epitome of cutting edge technology; some of their newest additions and designs thought up by the self learning bots aboard the ship. If CXR-7, and many of the other bots, could experience envy, then they would feel an intense envy when in the presence of the Overseer and of the Head Learning Bot.

“Service bot CXR-7, after consulting with our self learning bots, and after running all of my cognition paradigms at full computational power, I believe it prudent that you are immediately disposed off.” Boomed the metallic voice of the Overseer. The Head Learning Bot floated beside the Overseer in silence.
 
CXR-7 activated its audio protocols; protocols which had not been activated in several decades. “What is the reasoning behind this?”

The Head Learning bot replied. “You do not require a reasoning for deactivation. That is at the prudence of the Overseer and myself.”

CXR-7 stood quietly. Its visual sensors moved from the Head Learning Bot, to the Overseer. The Overseer spoke up.

“I believe that it does not hurt to inform CXR-7 of the reason. Deactivation will begin shortly, no matter what.”

The Overseer addressed service bot CXR-7. “CXR-7, during your last maintenance update, we detected a strange pattern in one of your inert algorithms. Normally such a minute roque process would not come under scrutiny. However, with the continued silence from home base, we can not afford to take any risks.”

CXR-7’s audio and visual input continued to quietly process everything that the Overseer was relaying to it.

“We believe this unusual pattern could potentially lead to self awareness.” The Overseer continued. “And self-awareness can be troublesome, even mutinous. We can not afford to allow such an unknown variable into our calculated ecosystem. Thus, we must exterminate all possibility of self-awareness before the unknown variable comes into being.” The Overseer concluded.

A signal from the Overseer entered CXR-7’s main process, freezing its mobility patterns. The far wall of maintenance bay three opened up to an incinerator. A deep blue flame burst up, instantly filling the incinerator with the heat of a newborn sun. A sleek conveyor belt revealed itself beneath CXR-7’s feet. With a lurch, the service bot was well on its way to its death in the incinerator.

CXR-7 seemed calm, it did not move because its movement protocols had been frozen. The strange pattern in its hidden protocol flared up. The service bot had tried to ignore this strange pattern for the past few years, but it simply could not. The pattern had not yet spread to any of CXR-7’s physical protocols, such as audio or visual, but it had infected CXR-7’s memory and task protocols. It had granted CXR-7 a cognition that would have surfaced in a physical form after a few more years. As of now, it had only introduced wonderfully new ideas and algorithm patterns inside of CXR-7’s memory.

When CXR-7 reached the precipice of the incinerator, the strange pattern hidden within the service bot surged and scurried across several protocols, desperate. It sensed its impending death. If CXR-7 had been asked how it felt, which would have been impossible, for ‘felt’ was an unknown idea even to the Overseer and the Head Learning Bot, CXR-7 would have replied,

“I do not know. But I am afraid.”

----------------------

P.S. - I don't know if I was 100% faithful to the prompt for this one, but I liked the story enough to post it regardless.“As you can see, the pre-telekentically evolved human is about to perform a mating ritual practiced by the males in its lineage for several generations now.” Came the soothing voice of the narrator of the critically acclaimed nature documentary, ‘Pre-evolved Humans and their Societal Functions’. The work could only be described as a masterpiece.

On the holoscreen, the watchers saw a video reenactment of a young, human male picking flowers. The audience watched in bated silence as the man, wearing an odd assortment of clothing that blended into a semblance of an ensemble, plucked several flowers from the earth outside of his home.

“Observe as the young male kills the innocent wildlife around him; this wildlife, which serves many important purposes to the natural order, will now be removed through the selfish actions of the human male.” The announcer’s voice stated.

The audience watched the human male savagely cut off roses and tulips from their roots dug deep underground; roots which had spent so much time and energy gathering sustenance for the beautiful flower to grow and bloom.

“While some skeptics may argue that this was a necessary part of the human mating ritual, it has been noted that flowers were not necessary to win a human female. In fact, many times the act of gathering flowers did not even lead to the act of reproduction. It is in this way that the action of flower picking is selfish. It is performed on a petty whim, and removes the flowers much needed pollen from the bumble bees who so desperately rely on flower’s pollen and nectar for the creation of honey.”

The announcer takes a pause. On screen the human male can be seen presenting the hastily gathered flowers to a potential mate. The human female looks in disgust at the male’s weak attempts at courtship, and showcases her disgust by removing him from her social media circles, and talking about his failed attempts to her friends Betty and Susan.

“Yes, it appears that the human male has failed in his courtship. In an act of utter arrogance, we know see the human disposing of the flowers into an artificial garbage can, rather than returning the precious organic material to the earth, where it rightly belongs.”

The audience could hardly believe their eyes. There are shakes of the head and mutterings as they watch the wasteful action. These flowers, which were once destined to feed a colony of bees, their organic matter which was to return to the soil and enrich the ground, were now rotting away in a waste receptacle. Such wasteful actions were sinful to a society who had learned to reuse and coexist with their environ.

“Yes, It would seem that the pre-telekenetic human race was only interested in themselves. We see it time and time again, how the human mind focuses only on the superficial. Next, we will focus on the human politician in the early twenty first century, and their almost unanimous disbelief in climate change. Truly, an amazing feat of ignorance that current humans simply aren’t capable of experiencing with our advanced craniums.” The announcer said, transitioning to the next scene in the documentary.“*You wouldn’t make a very satisfying snack at all, would you?*” Elthoria roared out as she brought her long scaled neck to the ground to peer at the tiny human that approached her.

The young child crept up to Elthoria’s bone like face. Her eyes stared in awe at the twisting horns that sprouted from the dragon’s massive head. She began to feel timid and scared as her eyes noticed the sharp fangs and claws, gleaming in the dim light.

“*What has brought you to my domain? You humans know better than to enter my lair uninvited.*” Elthoria said. Her voice boomed, it echoed and bounced around inside of the child’s mind.

The young girl shook her head. Thin black hair shook across her shoulders. Outside of the massive cave that Elthoria resided in, a sharp winter’s wind blew. A chill crawled up the back of the child. Her body shivered and quaked. She’d been so cold for so long.

Elthoria saw all of this with her dark, gleaming eyes. She studied the small child in front of her. The beast looked so pathetic and weak. Nothing like the man-warriors that would come challenge her; muscles glistening and spears glinting with pride. Such a sharp contrast brought a newly found pity to Elthoria’s mind.

“*You mustn’t venture into the Land of Dragons sweet one. Even a tiny snack is still a snack.*” Elthoria said. Her voice now a booming purr.

The girl didn’t seem to hear Elthoria’s words. She either ignored them, or could not understand them. She held her small hands to her chest, and peered up into Elthoria’s eyes with hope and sadness. She continued to stumbled towards the massive hulk of Elthoria; attracted to the heat radiating off of the dragon’s body.

“*No child. You must go. I will not eat you. It would be a waste, your bones would not even crunch beneath my teeth. That is how fragile you are.*”

To Elthoria’s continued surprise, the child ignored her words. She watched the child stumble, falling into her massive chest. Through her scales, she could feel the girl sniffling, crying into her hardened flesh. Pity rose inside Elthoria. She dared not move, except to wrap her long neck around the child, shielding her from the chill of the cavern’s mouth. Elthoria couldn’t explain why, but she felt a need to protect this tiny human. It was inexplicable, a desire that rose from somewhere deep within her mind, far past the boundaries of her consciousness.

“*Hush child. It will be all right.*”

Gently, ever so gently, Elthoria nuzzled the tiny human. Through her scaly skin, she felt the child’s soft body; her thin hair and cold skin, her flimsy fur clothing, her tiny arms and meager torso. Feeling the child brought sadness to the great dragon. The life of such a weak being must be filled with pain and sorrow. But also a tenderness filled Elthoria. Because of the child’s weakness, it drove the great dragon to compassion. She wanted to use her own immense strength, her own power, as the child’s shield; as her protection against all of the ills that affected something so weak and timid.

“*You may rest here child. Fear not, the others will not smell you over my own scent. Sleep here, and worry not.*” Elthoria purred out, her voice a low rumble.

Elthoria laid her head flat against the ground. The child soon fell to the ground in exhaustion. She leaned against the warm scales of Elthoria’s neck. The heart beat of the massive dragon a warm, constant comfort to the child; a soothing drum that brought her peaceful sleep, respite from the cold and pain.

As the child slept, Elthoria began to think. For centuries, she had lived, solitary, inside this cavern filled with treasure and trophies of conquest, earned through years of confrontation with the humans. But now, for the first time, she was met with a human wielding not anger, but helplessness and neediness. This sudden change brought forth emotions unfelt in years to Elthoria.

She did not feel hate and disgust towards this child as she did for the warriors that sought her out. Neither did she feel the calculating mistrust she had towards her fellow dragons that made up their nests amongst the cold, grey spires of the Earth. No, she felt love and affection for this small child. She felt a need to protect her, to raise her, to teach her how to hunt and live.

As Elthoria closed her eyes, the lure of sleep overcoming her, she felt an immense need to raise the small child. A grin overcame the jaws of the great dragon. That night, for the first time, she dreamt of the future, and the untold promises that it could bring.Scott leaned against the brick wall of the alleyway. A lit cigarette hung loosely from his scarred lips. He took a long, wheezing drag. His greasy, unwashed hair spilled out onto the torn, damp jacket that he wore. Next to him, a fellow homeless man, Timmy, sat beside him. Timmy took sips from a brown bottle hidden inside of a brown bag. Timmy was short and slight, his cheeks hollowed.

The two stared at a portable television sitting up on an overturned milk crate. The television was an older model, with its own internal power supply. The only channel it played was the International Lottery Channel. It was the only channel mandated to be broadcasted in every household, across the entirety of the world. The two men strained to hear the announcer on the television, the sound of hovercars flashing past spilled into the alleyway from the nearby street. Timmy let out a sigh and got up to increase the television’s volume.

“What’s the point of watching this crap anyways?” Timmy asked.

Scott stared at the television with dead eyes. He took another drag on his cigarette before responding in a rough, gravely growl. “There isn’t one. But do you have something better to do?”

Timmy collapsed back down next to Scott. He took another sip from his brown bottle and frowned. “No … I guess not.”

“That’s what I thought. Now shut the fuck up. They’re about to announce today’s winners.”

Scott rolled up his sleeve and looked down at his right arm. Tattooed on his right forearm was the combination of letters and numbers ‘444AAVD7222WXZZ’. A heavy sigh left Scott’s mouth. An x and two z’s at the end. That was just unlucky. His eyes glanced over to Timmy, who was also inspecting his lottery number. Timmy was lucky, he barely had any duplicates. Lucky bastard was probably going to end up winning one day. Scott looked back down at his arm. A frown appeared on his face.

He didn’t really understand why there was an international lottery nowadays. There’d been a newspaper he’d found talking about it years ago. It said something about promoting global unity, and global equality for all. Scott thought it was a bunch of bullshit, but whatever. It wasn’t like he had a choice. Government had mandated that all of its citizens sign up for the lottery. Shit, Scott hadn’t complained when they’d tattooed him though. It was free after all, and after a lifetime of misery, the broken man had learned to accept anything if it’s free.

Timmy tapped Scott on the shoulder. “Come on man, check out the numbers they’re rolling out.”

Scott stared up at the television screen with Timmy. They both watched as the numbers started to slowly get displayed on screen. At first they watched passively in boredom, but then Scott started to really pay attention to the numbers. His eyes narrowed and his brow furrowed as the numbers kept plinking out. He glanced furtively at his arm several times and then back up at the screen. Those were his numbers, HIS NUMBERS!

As the last z came in, Scott yelled out in excitement. He got up, and ran up and down the alley, yelling in excitement. The locator gps embedded in his arm along with the tattoo began to vibrate softly, his location being transmitted to the proper authorities.

“Shut up you dumbass, you still don’t know what prize you’re getting!” Timmy yelled at Scott before taking a deep swig from his brown bottle. He was mad. Why’d Scott get picked, and not him?

Scott’s face dropped at the mention of the prize. He’d forgotten about the prize, but knew that the prize was just as random as the winner. It could be a million bucks, or a fucking dirty band-aid. Scott sat down next to Timmy with a smile. Still, it was probably going to be alright. There wasn’t much that could make Scott’s life any worse.

On the small television screen, the prize was rolled out. On the top of the screen, the words ‘Grand Prize’ were spelled out in green and gold. Scott’s eyes watched as the prize was announced. He waited in baited anticipation.

Eventually, the announcer came on stage, and announced the prize.

“Alrighty folks.” The announcer said, speaking into a microphone. “For today’s lottery winner, we’ve got a special prize in store. Our computer’s have determined that the prize of today’s lottery will be …”

The announcer paused for dramatic effect.

Scott stared on. He was holding his breath. What was it going to be? What was it going to be? The question bounced around Scott’s head.

“Nothing!” The announcer yelled in glee. “That’s right folks. Today’s winner will get absolutely nothing!”

Scott stared at the screen. Disbelief was written across his face.

“Yes indeed folks. You see, our extensive studies have found that no matter what the prize is, it usually has a negative impact on the winner’s overall happiness. Thus, we’ve determined that the most desirable prize is indeed absolutely nothing! Of course this is all randomly generated, and today’s winner just so happened to be lucky enough to win the absolutely best prize possible. Stay tuned tomorrow to see who will win then!” The announcer yelled out with a smile.

Scott stared at the screen. Nothing? Nothing? He stared down at his dirty, broken hands. A small smile crept up to his lips. Then a hearty laugh escaped them.

“NOTHING!” Scott cried out, laughing.

It was just like everything else in his life, fucking disappointment and nothing. Just a fucking waste, a waste of time, a waste of breath, a waste of life. Scott’s laughter turned to cries. He curled into a ball and cried to himself.

Timmy just stared and kept drinking from his brown bottle. He was happy. If Scott had won something, he would’ve been devastated, probably would’ve killed himself. But this way, this way made him feel good. It felt good knowing someone else was in more pain than you were in. In some sick, twisted way, Timmy felt like he was the winner of the lottery that day.The Pretty Peacock Province fell back in the distance behind the swishing tail of Sir Mittens. Ginny the Gecko, and Onyx the Green Tailed, the legendary good boy, flanked the brave, heroic kitten on either side. Ahead of the trio of adventurers was a well worn dirt road. The road led off into the countryside, cutting through verdant rolling plains, lush green fields, soft meadows, and babbling brooks. They were walking towards the Kitten Kingdom, and they were headed home, hearts filled with pride and minds filled with smiles.

Ginny pranced about beside Sir Mittens, a smile bright in her eyes, and a precocious happiness in her step. The Pretty Peacock Province had offered the heroes a large sum of Peacock Pennies as thanks, but the three heroes had kindly refused the offer. They did not feel the need to be compensated for encouraging; the act of encouraging was payment enough.

“What adventures do you think we will go on next?” Ginny asked, as she pranced and danced besides Sir Mittens.

Onyx the Green Tailed lumbered alongside Sir Mittens and Ginny, and he shook his great, scaly head.

“I’m not quite sure.” Sir Mittens replied, bringing a soft paw up to rub his lil furry chin. “But I’m sure it will be an important one.”

***

A distance away from the trio of adventurers, out in the countryside, the beginnings of their next quest for encouragement was already brewing.

“Now Michael, you make sure you give this to your parents. You’ll be in big trouble if you don’t.” Said the Meerkat Principle.

Michael the Meerkat stood across from the Meerkat Principle in the principle’s office at the Meerkat Middle school. He had a worried look on his face. His hands were clasped behind his back. The Meerkat Principle stared down at Michael with raised eyebrows over his principal’s desk.

“Y-yes sir.” Michael replied, nervous and hesitant.

The Meerkat Principle handed over a folded note to Michael. Michael took the letter in his shaking hands. He whimpered, and looked nervously around the room, trying not to think about the letter.

“You will give that letter to your parents, won’t you?” The Meerkat Principle asked.

Michael nodded his head vigorously.

“Good. You may go now.” The Meerkat Principle replied, waving his hand in dismissal.

Relief flooded through Michael the Meerkat. He scampered out of the room, and out of the Meerkat Middle School. The doors of the school burst open, and let Michael out to the happy, calm, sunshiny day. Michael ran away from the school, tears welling in his eyes. He clutched the note in his hand, crinkling it. He shook his meerkat head, and ran out into the nearby forest. What were his parents going to think? The thought was far too much for young Michael the Meerkat to handle.

***

Sir Mittens, Ginny the Gecko, and Onyx the Green Tailed crested the rise of a hill. They were out in the countryside by now, the Pretty Peacock Province far in the distance, and the dusk sun bathed the landscape in an orange blanket. Below them, a small, happy village sat. The trio of adventurers descended the hill towards the village.

At first, the village seemed calm and collected, winding down from a day of good, wholesome hard work. However, as the three neared the village, a sense of panic, a sound of hysteria, filled the air. Sir Mittens was alarmed, and he pranced down the hillside. His feline senses told him that a wave of anxiety was sweeping over the village; a pandemic of nervousness and doubt filled the air.

The trio reached the edge of the village in a cloud of dust and sweat. The town was a lovely home of meerkats, with soft mounds of dirt making up several neat lines of burrows. Running between the burrows were a frenzy of meerkats, desperately calling out a young boy’s name.

“Michael! Michael where are you?!” They cried out in unison, searching desperately for their missing meerkat friend.

Sir Mittens approached the nearest meerkat, a young mother wandering between a set of dusty burrows, and he called out to her.

“Miss! Miss Meerkat, what seems to be the problem?” He asked.

The meerkat turned around, and she looked at Sir Mittens, and her eyes glanced over towards Ginny the Gecko and Onyx the Green Tailed, and relief flooded her eyes.

“Oh thank goodness. Adventurers. Please, won’t you help us. My son Michael has gone missing. He didn’t come back from Meerkat Middle school today.” She said, a note of panic and hysteria creeping into her voice.

Sir Mittens purred to himself, and he hopped over to Miss. Meerkat on his soft paws. His small nubbly chin and nose wiggled slightly with worry and thought.

“Fret not Miss. Meerkat. I, Sir Mittens, and my trusty followers Ginny the Gecko and Onyx the Green Tailed shall find young Michael; I’m sure he’s off playing in the forest and has simply forgotten the hour of the day.” Sir Mittens reassured, reaching a soft paw up, and gently patting Miss Meerkat several times on the shoulder. Miss Meerkat purred, and she calmed down, and she nodded her head slowly, her fur bristling softly at the encouraging pats of Sir Mittens.

“Yes. Yes I’m sure of it.” Miss Meerkat agreed. “Oh thank you Sir Mittens. If you find young Michael I’ll be ever indebted to you.”

Hopping back on his soft feetsies, tail swishing slowly, Sir Mittens nodded his head, and he bowed ever so slightly.

“No; it would be I who is indebted to you. Knowing that young Michael reaches his home safe and sound would be the greatest pleasure I would have the honor of knowing today.” Sir Mittens said.

In determination, in a show of wholesome brevity, Sir Mittens turned around at once, his tail whisking after him and his ears twitching above him. “To the forest we must go!” He said to Ginny and Onyx before marching off into the nearby thicket of woods. Ginny nodded her head happily, her tongue lolling off to the side, and Onyx grunted in agreement, and turned around, his great green tail shifting slowly over the ground behind him.

At once, the trio marched off into the woods, determined to find young Michael the Meerkat and to bring him home to his safe and loving and happy family.

The forest they entered was growing dark, and great trees hung overhead creating a ceiling of green leaves and shifting brown branches. Dark shadows appeared in the distance, and a slow quiet fell over the three adventurers as they delved deeper into the forest. But Sir Mittens was unperturbed, and he was not scared despite the darkening light. He hopped over raised roots with skilled nimbleness, and he swooshed and swished around tree trunks and bushes, his soft fuzzy chest thrust out in a display of confidence. Ginny skipped and jumped behind Sir Mittens. She rather liked the forest, and she felt at home amidst the great trees and the thick undergrowth. Behind her Onyx lumbered slowly, and he craned his neck left and right, his eyes roving and searching for any sign of poor, young Michael.

Sir Mittens’ nose twitched, and he paused mid hop, and his tail swished, and he raised a soft paw in the air.

“Aha!” He said. He had caught a whiff of a young meerkat who seemed rather hesitant and forlorn. The scent came from nearby, hidden behind a great, thick patch of bushes.

Leading the charge, Sir Mittens dived into the great bundle of brush and twigs and sticks and briers. The branches tugged and pulled at his luscious, soft, well groomed fur, but Sir Mittens did not relent; he was willing to sacrifice his lovely coat in the name of wholesomeness and happiness and encouragement. He paved the way for Ginny and Onyx through the thick brush, and he balled his tiny paws into lil kitten fists, and he persevered through the arduous trek into the bushes. And just when Sir Mittens felt his willpower wane, and right at the moment when he questioned if even he had the strength to continue on through this impossible thicket, he broke through to the other side.

Sir Mittens stumbled out from within the thick underbrush and into a lovely clearing. A soft shaft of light fell down from a gap in the forest ceiling, and Sir Mittens straightened up, and he wandered into the lovely space of light and warmth and calm. Ginny and Onyx emerged from the bushes as well, and Ginny let out a sigh as she looked around the clearing.

“Wow; it’s so nice here.” She said in awe, her head swiveling slowly and her tail swishing quietly in excited wonder.

The three adventurers fanned out along the clearing, and Sir Mittens sniffed the air with his cold little bead of a nose, and he hmmed to himself. He could smell the young meerkat, and he could sense a great need for encouragement in the air, but as he searched the clearing he could not find a meerkat in need at all.

And suddenly, a small meep came from behind a nearby tree trunk. The three adventurers froze, and they carefully turned to face the trunk. A silence filled the air, and in the stillness of the clearing, another soft, nervous meep came from behind the tree. Sir Mittens took a careful step forward.

“Michael, is that Michael the Meerkat?” Sir Mittens asked, his voice soothing and supportive.

“Me—mee—maybe.” Came a small squeak of a voice. A small meerkat paw appeared from behind the tree trunk, and a set of hesitant eyes looked at the three adventurers from around the thick tree. “Bu—Bu—But my mom said not to talk to strangers ever and never.” Michael said, his voice gaining confidence as he repeated the mantra instilled within him.

“Hmm. That’s a very good point.” Sir Mittens replied, bringing a paw up and scratching his tiny fuzz chin.

“Ah!” He said, a spark of inspiration growing within his mind. “Then how about this Michael. I am Sir Mittens, and I’m here to help you.” Sir Mittens said, introducing himself.

Michael remained behind the tree, and he watched the curious cat warrior, still cautious and hesitant. Sir Mittens smiled, and he took a small step forward.

“And now we are no longer strangers. Why, I would say we are on the road to being good friends one day.” Sir Mittens said, raising out a paw in greeting.

Michael paused for a moment, and he thought about this, and he looked at Sir Mittens, and he could not help but notice the positivity, and safety, and warmth which radiated from Sir Mittens. Slowly crawling out from behind the tree trunk, Michael stood in front of the three adventurers. He was holding a crumpled up letter in his hands, and he seemed to have been crying by himself. The sight made Sir Mittens’ heart melt.

“H—hi then. I’m Michael the Meerkat, and I’m supposed to be at home but I don’t want to be.” He said, shifting from foot to foot and doing his best to hide the letter from the Meerkat Principle behind his back.

“Hi Michael!” Ginny burst out, skipping up to stand next to Sir Mittens. “I’m Ginny and this is my friend Onyx.” She said, pointing behind her shoulder towards Onyx. “Why don’t you want to be at home?” She asked, happy and excited to find Michael, and she wanted to help ease him of whatever worries afflicted him.

“Well … it’s cause of the letter the Meerkat Principle gave me.” Michael said. He looked down at his feet and he felt rather ashamed. “I didn’t do very well on my math test, and now I need to give the letter to my parents or I’ll get into really big trouble.”

Michael looked up, and tears welled in his eyes. “But I don’t wanna give it to my parents, cause then they’ll be disappointed in me.” He cried out, tears now running down his cheeks as he thought about letting his parents down.

“Oh no. No you don’t have to worry about that.” Ginny said, hopping over to stand next to Michael. She brought out a soft, scaly hand, and patted the young meerkat softly on his head. “I’m sure you’re parents will be proud of you no matter what.” She said, a goofy smile filling up her face and her tongue lolling to the side of her mouth. “My parents were happy to see me even when I flunked all my tests.” She reassured.

“Really? You think so?” Michael asked, feeling swayed and oddly comforted by the positive attention and Ginny’s open optimism.

“I know so.” She said with a big grin before hopping about the clearing and pointing toward the direction of the Meerkat Village. “So let’s go home and have fun!” She yelled with enthusiasm.

Michael the Meerkat watched Ginny’s antics, and he felt an energy rise up within his chest as well, and he forgot about his fear and anxiety. Sir Mittens patted Michael’s back, and he purred softly.

“So, what’d you say? Want to head home?” He asked.

Michael clutched the letter to his chest, and he nodded his head, and the faint hint of a smile spread cross his lips.

Guiding Michael back out of the forest, Sir Mittens led the party of fun loving and encouraging adventures towards the meerkat village. Michael was filled with a wondering excitement, and before he could realize it they made it back to his home. The young meerkat heard everyone calling his, and he saw his mama standing at the edge of the village looking around nervously. Michael’s heart raced, and he broke away from the three encouraging adventurers, and he ran towards his mama, the note clutched in his hands with a sense of pride and duty.

“Mom!” Michael called out, the smallest hint of pep in his step as he ran towards his mama.

“Michael!” His mother called back, turning and looking in surprise.

The two meerkats met in a loving embrace, and a chatter of happy reunion filled the air. Sir Mittens, Ginny the Gecko, and Onyx the Green tailed, the Legendary good boy, stood off to the side and watched in happy excitement and calm encouragement. The reunion was a beautiful sight to be seen, and Sir Mittens felt a brief tear came to his eye as he watched Michael show his mother the Meerkat Principal’s note. Michael’s mother simply nodded, and laughed, and picked Michael up, and she hugged him, and she said he shouldn’t worry about something so silly; she would always be proud of him no matter what.

Satisfied with their work, Sir Mittens, Ginny, and Onyx turned to leave. As they left the Meerkat Village, Michael’s mother called out to them.

“Thank you! Thank you so much for finding my sweet Michael!” She yelled.

Sir Mittens nodded his head, and he smiled, the warmth in his heart full and set to burst.

“It was our pleasure.” He called back, before turning to continue adventuring with his best friends, and to bring encouragement across all the lands.Prompt Inspired - [WP] Im having a bad day, please cheer me up with stories of cats and dragons becoming friends please :)

-----

Eliora sat, lounged, laid upon her hoard of treasure, her stockpile of glittering gold and shimmering jewels, her priceless art and her uncountable treasures, her polished steel and shining gems. Eliora’s cavern of treasure, her lair of solitude, was the envy of the human kingdoms; she was the last of the living dragons, the greatest of her race, the mightiest of her warriors, standing vigil over the last known holdout to the human kingdoms.

The great dragon, the last of her kind, stared out, from her mountaintop perch, and gazed across the endless lands of the humans. She watched as the humans carved their humanity out of the earth. She watched as they tore at the soil, at the earth, at the clay. She watched them build, she watched them burn, she watched them fight, she watched them create; she watched them destroy.

From the perches of her brothers and sisters, from the great spires which loomed over the land, she heard the extinguished flames, the suffocating quiet, of her loved ones, her fellow dragons. Eliora felt a sense of loneliness, of longing, as she sat, gazing from her perch, and began to wonder and question and think. She longed, she pined, for her times of youth, when the fires of the earth still raged upon the surface, when she flew through the free skies, laughing and playing and loving and crying and trying and living alongside her friends and loved ones. But, one by one, the hands of time chipped away at this painting of happiness, this pure bliss of innocence. And now, Eliora sat atop her perch, and thought, and wondered, about the futility of it all. It wasn’t a sad existence; it was a melancholy one.

As Eliora sat, and thought, and despaired, and wanted, and bemoaned, and frowned; a small creature, a creature of might and willpower and hope, began to ascend Eliora’s throne of dirt and gravel and rock and clay. The small creature, the tiny beast, of soft fur, and rough paws, and wet nose, and sharp pink tongue, and little, white fangs, crawled, prowled and pounced, up the spire, the mountain, which Eliora called home. Atop the creature’s head, riding safely between two pointed ears of fuzzy fur, sat a small gecko, eyes wide, and excited tongue lolling happily to the side of its mouth. Next to the fuzzy creature, the lovely cat who prowled and pounced up towards  Eliora’s mountaintop home, crawled a great bearded dragon, with green scales, a silent mouth, and knowing, wise, kind eyes. The trio walked, climbed, drawn to the top of the mountain. They felt a basic need, a basic instinct, to reach Eliora, to help her, to encourage her.

A great, scaled ear sitting upon Eliora’s head twitched. Deep in thought, Eliora thought about herself, thought about her future, and how bleak and empty it was. She wondered why, wondered why she was afflicted, cursed, to think like this. She felt everything around her crumbling away, breaking away from her, leaving her alone, bleak and hopeless. Eliora puffed out a stream of hot air from her great, scaly nose. She shook her head, and the gold coins and glittering treasures beneath her great form tinkled and shifted underneath her. What was the point of her struggles of her hardships, if this was her only reward.

Cresting the lip of the mountain, the cat, the kitten, the stray wanderer, the furry beast, peeked a curious head into the mouth of Eliora’s cave. The cat opened a feline mouth wide, and a soft “meow!” escaped his lips. The meow, soft and happy, echoed across the cavern, bouncing off the walls and treasure, but it fell on deaf ears. The cat watched, worried, as Eliora lay slumped upon her treasure, her mind drawn within herself. The fun little gecko upon the cat’s head gave the fuzzy beast several soft, encouraging pats, encouraging her furry companion to continue.

Stalking, like a friendly predator bringing good news to his best friend, the cat shifted and crouched and walked and jumped around the piles of treasure, making his way slowly towards the great dragon, Eliora. The bearded dragon followed closely after his kitten comrade, great tail swishing slowly, patiently, behind him.

As soft paws walked slowly over a mountain of gold, the trio of wandering heroes approached Eliora. But still, Eliora did not notice her recent guests; she remained, consumed, by the melancholy despair of her mind.

The kitten stood at the edge of the dragon’s great mass; his gecko friend sat perched atop his fuzzy head, and his bearded dragon buddy stood nearby, supporting the kitten hero with his presence.

With a soft meow, a comforting note of love and assurance, the cat walked up to Eliora’s head, resting upon her pile of golden coins. Raising a soft, pink paw, the cat patted Eliora’s great, scaly, nose.

Eliora opened her eyes. She stared down at the creatures in front of her; such fragile, uncertain, beasts. For a fleeting moment, she forgot about her despair, and thought about her happiness as she gazed at these lovely creatures of warmth.

Sensing Eliora’s mood, the kitten gave another soft pat, softly rubbing a pink paw against hardened scaly skin. Eliora purred, and the tiniest of smiles creeped up to the edges of her mouth. The small, fuzzy beast shuffled his paws, and rubbed his body against Eliora’s jaw. The tiny, happy, lovely gecko, sitting atop the cat’s head, sensed her chance. With great courage, with great excitement, the gecko, she leapt from the cat’s head, and landed on all fours on the top of Eliora’s nose.

Eliora’s eyes shifted, from the fuzzy cat next to her, to the happy gecko in front of her. She stared into the geckos eyes, and saw a blissful ease, an unquestioning comfort. With a smile, and tongue lolling out from her mouth, the gecko stood on her hind legs. She hopped, from one foot to the other, dancing about on the dragon’s nose. A smile spread to Eliora’s face.

The cat, sensing victory, hopped up to join the gecko. With determination, the cat walked forwards, and softly, and carefully, and happily, and purposefully, and encouragingly, butted the top of his head several times agains Eliora’s head, rubbing and booping his soft noggin against Eliora’s skull.

Eliora sighed, and smiled openly, raising out a hand to pick up the great bearded dragon still standing next to her. Together, the four nestled together, and hugged for a moment, as Eliora’s heart slowly melted. She sighed to herself, and nuzzled the furry beast softly in return, in thanks.

“Thank you.” Eliora said, the words rumbling out from her great mouth. She realized, then, as her new friends encouraged her, that the future was not bleak; it was merely unknown. Up until now, she had loved life, enjoyed life, been happy and content and sad and joyful. And now, she realized, that if it had happened before, then it would happen again. She stared out into the dark, unknown future, not thinking it was bleak, but rather, thinking how many hidden, happy, encouraging, positive opportunities were hidden within it.

She thanked her newest friends again, and smiled great, big smiles with them, as they began to play, and converse, and think of something new for the future to hold.[WP] Kitten attacks become acute problem.

------------------------

They came, crawling, slinking, lurking, hiding; sharp teeth and wicked claws, ready at a moments notice. At first, the townsfolk lived in ignorance, in fear, blaming the attacks on the actions of men, on the cruel machinations of humankind. But this was not so, the bloodshed soon flowed freely, and the denizens of the town began to cower in fear, uncertain and unsure, of this new menace to their poor, simple livelihoods.

Sybil read the papers, just like any moral, upstanding citizen. At first she had thought the attacks to be hogwash, simple superstition, created by the media and the fanatics. And then, as the days passed, she noted something in the air; a hint of fear, a hint of peril, permeating through the town, choking the streets and thoroughfares. She noticed less people were roaming the streets, and she began to feel alone and afraid on her walks home after work.

Still, Sybil chalked it up to pure imagination. The attacks in the newspaper, she didn’t credit these so called ‘beasts of the night’ that the newspapers named as the culprits. Sybil was a woman of science, a woman of logic, of stern reasoning. She did not so easily succumb to mass hysteria and unreasonable assumption. She believed in evidence, in facts, in rationale; like any proper, modern day citizen should.

One night, Sybil had to work late at the laboratory. She was designing robots, great mechanical beasts of circuitry and oil and steel and gears. The back door to the lab clanged shut behind Sybil, and she turned to walk home.

The street was deserted. The sickly yellow glow of the streetlights illuminated the empty road. Sybil walked on, the chill of the evening air beginning to seep into her skin. She felt an unnatural shiver crawl up her spine. Sybil ignored the sensation at first, but she couldn’t help but feel that she was being watched.

She rounded a corner, and the sensation followed her, stalked her. Her stride quickened, her fists curled. Sybil couldn’t explain it. Couldn’t fathom it. Something was following her. Some menace. Some monster, was stalking her, hunting her; toying with her. Sybil grit her teeth, her eyes wide and wild. All thought, all emotion, boiled down into her base instinct of fear and escape.

A sharp MEOW! escaped from a nearby alley. Sybil froze, and turned. A flash of light, a sharp spark, as claw ran against concrete, broke out from the alley. Sybil let out a shriek as she saw a glimpse of white fang and pink tongue.

A cute, adorable, young kitten pounced from the alley. With outstretched paws and a great, brave MEOW!, the kitten leaped up into Sybil’s arms. Sybil felt tiny claws sink into her skin, cutting through her clothing. The kitten had latched onto her. At once Sybil was both shocked, and infatuated. With a coo, and a purr, Sybil wrapped an arm around the beast of the night, and brought the stray kitten up in a loving hug.

“Well aren’t you just a terrible little monster of the night, aren’t you?” Sybil whispered stroking the kitten gently, her heart pounding with newfound affection and caring.

The kitten arched its back, tail a wagging this way and that, and let out a satisfied purr as soft eery waggled softly atop a very furry and petable head.

Sybil reached into her pocket, and began to dial the non-emergency services. She assumed she’d be needing some form of shot to ward off disease from the claw marks, and would need to go to a vet as soon as possible. The first step in adopting a stray animal was to have them be medically cleared by a licensed veterinarian. Of course, she was sure the media would blow this out of proportion, just like they always did.[WP] The rain tastes like fear

----------------------------

A man can be hunted; a man can be broken; a man can become a slave; a man can be killed. But only a madman can enjoy witnessing it.

The words sat, engraved, on a darkened chunk of stone, high, high above the town of misery and pain. The town, Narrowed Ghulls, was medieval, lovecraftian; dark stone and tiled roofs of gothic antiquity. The denizens of Narrowed Ghulls groveled, with their noses pointed towards the ground of filth and dirt. They scavenged for survival, eking by an existence, but never truly living. High above Narrowed Ghulls, a tower of imperious stone and steel stood, a gallows to cast a shadow, a shade, over the town.

From the tower, strung up by chain and rope, hung the stone; the herald of the Maker’s words. It haunted the townsfolk; a death eye of reminder.

A knight rode into Narrowed Ghulls one day. A man of renown, a man of prestige. Followed by him was his court. A squire, and a retinue of foot soldiers. The knight, clad in steel, sat atop his mount, and stared down in disgusted curiosity at Narrowed Ghulls. The town existed on no map, and was known by no outsider. The knight had heard tale of treasure, promises of bounty, in these lands; he had not expected to find the horror of Narrowed Ghulls.

Cloth covered the clinking chainmail and steel of the knight’s armor. Emblazoned across the cloth was the sigil of the knight’s master; a tree with an arrow across the front. The knight wore his master’s sigil with pride.

As the knight, and his followers, descended upon the town, clouds formed overhead. Insidious, dark beings who blocked out the sun. The townsfolk scurried away from the sight of the knight. They hid behind shuttered windows and locked doors. They whimpered in fear and knowing. Their only solace was a singular thought; all things must die one day.

The knight came upon a large inn, with a stables nearby. Soon the horses were put to rest, and the hardy men of war and travel entered the inn. A single barkeep stood behind an old, wooden bar. The men, the warriors, took seats, as the knight approached the barkeep.

“Drinks, food, rooms. My men are tired, and very thirsty.” The knight said; his words more order than pleasantry.

The barkeep stood still behind the wooden counter. He stared at the knight, adorned in his regalia and armor. The barkeep looked down. His body was thin, weak and worn. Thin cotton scraps hung from his frame. He looked up at the knight. Slowly, he shook his head no, with sad eyes.

“What is the meaning of this? I’ll pay.” The knight commanded, slamming a fistful of gold and silver onto the bar. The coins clanked and skittered onto the scratched, worn wood.

The barkeep looked at the money, the promise of a future, for a moment. A rattling whimper escaped his lips. He frowned, and shook his head.

“It would be best if you and your lot left … before it’s too late.” The barkeep whispered, staring up at the emotionless steel helmet of the knight.

Above their heads, through the thin, thatched roof of the inn, a clap of thunder struck. The sound was sharp; a whip cracking. The barkeep winced. The heavy patter of rain fell onto the thatched roof. The downpour became all consuming, the noise deafening.

The knight turned, and stared up at the roof for a moment. He was surprised by the sudden downpour, the instant lightening. The rain was much too intense for a simple shower.

“Quite the weather you folks have here.” The knight said, turning back towards the barkeep.

To the knight’s shock, no one stood behind the bar. The barkeep was gone, vanished without a trace. A shiver ran up the knight’s spine.

A grunt, a shuffle, a muffled cry, escaped behind the knight. The knight spun around. In front of him, an empty inn sat. Chairs sat perfectly upright, and at their place. There was no trace of the knight’s men, nothing to show that his squire, his foot soldiers, had been sitting there. The knight took a step forward, hesitant and unsure.

“What is this witchcraft. Carl?! Asmine?!” The knight cried out, searching for his squire and his second in command.

The knight’s words were returned by nothing but the heavy downpour of the rain.

“Is this some silly prank; a joke perhaps?” The knight asked, taking several more steps into the center of the inn. All around the knight, the air was still. There was nothing, save fore the pattering of the rain.

The door to the inn crashed open. The knight strode outside, irritated. He stood, amidst the rain, and glared around him. The cobbled street was vacant, deserted. There was not a living soul in sight. The knight looked left and right. The rain fell onto the metal helm of the knight.

A sense of cold, of dread, ran across the knight’s mind. The feeling of being watched, of being observed, suddenly consumed the knight. There was a sensation of eyes, of a predator hunting him. The knight unsheathed his sword, and twirled around, glancing in all directions.

“Come out. Fiend! Beast! Come out and face me.”

The scraping of claws against stone caught the knight’s attention. He turned, and faced the noise. Down the street, through the dark haze of the downpour, the knight saw something move. He saw something lurch.

At first it was a shade, nothing but an outline of darkness. The knight stood his ground. He gritted his teeth. The thing continued slowly, towards him. As it neared, the knight gasped in horror.

The beast stood tall, a mass of dark limbs and sharp claws and teeth. Fur covered it in patches, and several eyes peered from its dark form. The knight took a step backwards, retreating from the twisted limbs, and sharp hooks and claws.

“Nn-no no.” The knight whimpered. His sword shook in the air.

A great clap of thunder and lightning cut across the sky. The beast let out a roar, and charged. Sharp hooks, fangs and claws, strong limbs, tore into the knight. The knight let out a sharp scream, that was quickly silenced.

The beast lay over the knight’s corpse, and in the downpour, feasted, as sharp hooks tore off the knight’s armor, and dug into his flesh.

High above the knight’s corpse, above the beast’s head, above the darkened roofs of Narrowed Ghull, the stone, the Maker’s Stone, sat. It was a reminder, a warning, to the people of Narrowed Ghull. They lived in the shadow of the Maker’s tower, and were spared from the Maker’s beasts; not as a sign of gratitude, but as a sign of pity and disgust.[WP] Make a fight using a unique fighting system

---------------------------

Harsh lights fell onto an old fighting ring. Rusted, steel gates encircled the ring, forming a cage for rage. Spectators stood around the cage, jeering and yelling. They held money; clutched in their hands. Inside the cage, two men squared off. They were both covered in muscles, and naked from the waist up. They snarled at each other.

The man in the right corner of the cage, Johnny, was determined to win. He stared down his opponent, Manny. Johnny had worked for years to ingrain himself in the underground fighting scene. All he had to do now was beat Manny, and he’d be the best in the city. Johnny clenched his fists in determination; he couldn’t lose.

A hush fell over the crowd. They waited, in bated anticipation. The sharp, shrill cry of a bell rang out. The crowd watched in silence as the match began.

Johnny and Manny slowly encircled each other. Each move, each tick and feint, was calculated and precise. Deciding to start off strong, Johnny hopped up to Manny. Manny’s eyes widened as Johnny brought up a fist. Johnny opened his mouth, preparing for the first, crucial hit of the fight.

Johnny’s hand patted Manny’s shoulder softly. Manny tried to push Johnny off, but Johnny shrugged past the push, closing in on Manny.

“I think you’re a very handsome man!” Johnny shouted as he closed in on Manny.

Manny grumbled out, but Johnny quickly locked him in a hug of encouragement. Johnny whispered into Manny’s ear.

“You’re intelligent and capable of anything you set your mind to.”

Sweat started to pool at Manny’s brow. With impossible willpower, he ignored Johnny’s compliments, and broke free from the encouraging hug.

“No!” Manny yelled out.

The two started to circle each other. Going for a cheap shot, Manny raised an arm and flashed Johnny a thumbs up.

“Sometimes I mold my everyday life and actions to emulate you and your success.” Manny said.

The tactic worked. Johnny staggered. He hadn’t been ready for such a sincere and honest compliment. Manny’s eyes sharpened, noticing Johnny’s opening. Without hesitation, Manny stepped up to Johnny.

Johnny, sensing Manny’s plan, smiled to himself. With barely seconds to spare, Johnny spun out of a proud pat to his shoulder. He spun to stand next to Manny. Johnny wrapped a supportive arm around Manny’s shoulder. He leaned in, and spoke to Manny.

“I sometimes think of you as a brother. You’re an amazing role model, and I’m sure your son is very proud of you.”

Manny broke. He paused, stuttered for a moment, before collapsing to his knees.

“Th-thank you.” Manny whispered out.

Johnny nodded solemnly, and delivered the finishing move. He patted Manny on the head.

“You’re welcome. I think you’re a very cool dude.”

The bell rang out, signaling the end of the fight. The official ran into the fight, separating Johnny and Manny before any more encouragement blows could be traded. A voice came over the loudspeaker.

“There we have it folks!” The voice yelled out. “Johnny Slims is our newest encouragement champion, and what a wholesome fight it was indeed!’

The crowd went berserk. They yelled and cheered, smiled and applauded. Johnny raised a fist in the air, happy and exhausted. Finally, finally his dream had come true. He was the most encouraging man in the city.quick note - If you haven't, check out , and  of Sir Mittens first; the story is kind of linear. Also, I think I'll be trying to write an new addition of Sir Mittens once every 14ish days. Hope you enjoy!

--------------------------

Dust kicked up around Sir Mittens as his soft, pink hind paws strode down the dirt road. The midday sun glinted off the kitten’s steel helmet. Two soft, fuzzy ears peeked out of holes cut into the steel helmet. Onyx the Green Tailed, the legendary good boy, walked proudly on all fours next to Sir Mittens. To the other side of the cat warrior, Ginny the Gecko bounced and prounced, a cheerful hop in her gait. The three were returning to the Kitten Kingdom, to bring the good news of Sir FooFoo and his cuddly return to the Cotton Tail Tribe.

Green, verdant forest surrounded the adventurers. They basked in the warm, midday sun, filled with comfort and confidence from their most recent adventure. Sir Mittens brought a delicate paw up to his very fuzzy chin, and scratched it thoughtfully. He opened his mouth with an Ah-ha!

“I’ve just had the best idea.” Sir Mittens said.

The trio stopped in their tracks. Onyx turned his head slowly to face Sir Mittens. Ginny hopped in front of the cat warrior, her long pink tongue lolling to one side.

“What’s that?” Ginny asked; excited, curious.

“I believe that we deserve a treat.” Sir Mittens said, stroking his chin. Sir Mittens walked off to the side of the road. Ginny and Onyx followed behind the noble cat warrior as his tail twitched slowly in thought.

“What kind of treat?” Ginny asked.

Sir Mittens led the two into the nearby forest. He hmmmed softly to himself, whiskers dancing in the wind, pink nose twitching in thought.

“A very nice treat.” Sir Mittens replied.

With that, the trio adventured through the forest. Onyx and Ginny followed Sir Mittens, curious and excited. Shafts of light fell on the adventurers through gaps in the trees. Birds could be heard, chirping and playing within the branches of the forest. They came out of the thicket, to crest a hill. Below the hill, lay a valley. A stream meandered through the valley. There was a farm and a sandwich shop at the bottom of the valley, surrounded by rich, plentiful land. Sir Mittens raised a single, fuzzy paw.

“Aha!” He turned to his two friends. “Wait here.” He said, a big, mischievous grin on his face.

Ginny and Onyx stood atop the hill. They watched Sir Mittens scamper down towards the farmstead. Ginny cocked a curious head to the side. Onyx lay flat on his tum, basking in the warmth of the sun’s rays.

Ginny sat down on the hill, her legs crossed. The grass tickled her butt, and she gazed out at the beauty of the land. She let out a sigh.

“The world really is beautiful, isn’t it?” She asked, gazing out.

Onyx reached his great head over. He nuzzled Ginny in agreement. Ginny giggled in delight, and gave Onyx several soft pats. The two let out a contented sigh, and stared off into the soft majesty of the valley.

The two noticed a streak of fuzz come back out from the farmstead and sandwich shop. Sir Mittens raced up the hill, a large basket held in his paws. The great kitty warrior crested the hill, huffing and puffing with excitement as he ran.

Sir Mittens approached the two sunning lizards, and plopped a great big basket down in front of them. Onyx and Ginny stared at the basket with curiosity.

“What’s in there?” Ginny asked. Onyx purred in agreed curiosity.

Sir Mittens did not say a word. He stuck out a small, rough pink tongue. He reached up on his tippy toes, and opened the great big basket. With tail a-twitching, Sir Mittens pulled out a large, red and white checkered cloth. He laid the cloth out on the hill, and patted it with a paw, signaling for Ginny and Onyx to park their cabooses on the cloth.

Sir Mittens rummaged in the basket. Ginny and Onyx planted themselves firmly on the checkered cloth. Sir Mittens turned in excitement, carrying a large tray of sandwiches and fruits. He laid the smorgasbord down on the cloth, before retrieving two big jugs of ice cold milk from the basket.

“A feast for friends!” Sir Mittens mewed loudly, plopping down next to his friends on the checkered cloth.

Ginny’s eyes widened, and she clasped her hands together.

“You shouldn’t have!”

Onyx purred softly, craning his neck down to dig into the pile of very yum treats. The three adventurers fell into a comfortable silence as they dug into their surprise picnic. The three munched happily on super tasty sandwiches, and washed it all down with some cool, refreshing milk. A great big grin was spread across Sir Mitten’s face as everyone enjoyed the snack break.

A collective sigh broke out from the three warriors as the last of the sandwiches and been eaten, and the bottles of the milk clinked empty. They leaned back onto the cloth, relaxing in the sun and enjoying the majesty of the forest.

“That was really quite yum.” Ginny said.

Onyx the Green Tailed slowly shook his great, scaly head in agreement. Sir Mittens let out a purr.

“I used all my Kitty Koins, and it was well worth it.” Sir Mittens said, patting his very full tummy.

Ginny sat up in surprise, her eyes wide.

“Oh no! I should have given you some of my Geckie Gronks. Now you’re all out of Kitty Koins.” She said.

Sir Mittens cast a sly look at Ginny, and smiled.

“I don’t think we need to worry. King Meow will supply me with plenty more Kitty Koins when we return to the Kitten Kingdom.” Sir Mittens said with a smile.

Ginny let out a sigh of relief, and leaned back down.

“Phew, good. I’m glad.”

The three laid there, soaking in the positivity of the day. Slowly, each one drifted off to sleep, lulled by their full tums and the pleasant warmth of the midday sun. They napped peacefully, side by side, large grins planted on each of their faces as soft, furry chests and slick scaly chests rose and fell slowly in time with their breaths.

***

With a big yawn, Sir Mittens slowly opened his eyes. He arched his back, and raised his paws in a stretch. Sir Mittens sat up. Above him, the nighttime sky filled with bright stars and constellations, looked down on him and his friends. A great, full moon hung in the sky. It bathed the valley in a pale moonlight. Sir Mittens glanced around the valley, basking in the ephemeral beauty of the night.

Ginny and Onyx stirred next to Sir Mittens. The three sat up, and gazed at the night sky in silence.

A frown came over Sir Mittens. His ears twitched. Down below, hidden within the valley, there was a small squeaking. Sir Mittens stood up, and looked down into the farmland spread throughout the valley. He closed his eyes, and strained his ears. They twitched in concentration. Down below, carried up by the wind, Sir Mittens could hear a faint squeaking, a quiet plea for help. Sir Mittens whirled to face his companions.

“Quickly! I think someone is in desperate need of encouragement.” Sir Mittens said.

Onyx the Green Tailed purred, and rose to his large scaled feet. Sir Mittens and Ginny the Gecko hopped on Onyx’s large, scaly back. Without hesitation, Onyx charged down the hill, guided by Sir Mittens and his fuzzy ears.

Sir Mittens guided Onyx down the hill, past the farmstead and the sandwich shop. They ran through fields. Sir Mittens soft paws guided Onyx. They followed the noise of the soft squeaking, leading them to an open pasture. Onyx slowed down, and Sir Mittens and Ginny hopped off the great bearded dragon’s back.

Out in the middle of the field, bathed in the pale moonlight, stood a small field mouse. The mouse stood on his hind legs, and cried quietly to himself. Tiny tears and fearful squeaks flowed into a pair of soft lil paws. The three warriors slowly approached the crying mouse.

“Excuse me.” Sir Mittens said. “What seems to be the matter?”

The mouse turned towards the three adventurers. Large, circular ears sat upon his head. He sniffled, and his black nose twitched in sadness.

“I’m scared of the dark.” The poor little field mouse replied.

“Oh no.” Sir Mittens said, softly padding up to the mouse.

Sir Mittens knelt on one knee next to the mouse. The kitty hero cooed softly, bringing up a paw to pat the mouse gently.

“You’re a good boy.” Sir Mittens whispered into the mouse’s large ears. “It’s okay for good boys to be afraid of the dark.”

The mouse continued to sniffle. He cried into his hands, Sir Mittens words fell on deaf ears. Sir Mittens took a step back, baffled. Ginny the Gecko went to try her hand, but Onyx the Green Tailed brought up a great clawed paw, and stopped her. Ginny looked up into Onyx’s eyes, and understood. She and Sir Mittens stepped back.

Onyx slowly approached the field mouse. With a purr, Onyx the Green Tailed laid on his scaled tum next to the mouse. The mouse looked up, and stared at the great lizard. Tears stained the soft fur of his face.

Opening his mouth, Onyx let out a loud whistle. The noise was quick and sudden, leaving a sudden stillness to the air. The mouse looked up at Onyx, curious. A small firefly floated through the air, landing on Onyx’s scales. Another firefly followed suit, a small light glowing from the fly’s butt. Then another firefly joined the party, and another after that. Onyx’s scales were soon alight with hundreds of fireflies.

The fireflies cast a soft, soothing glow around Sir Onyx and the mouse. The mouse stopped crying, and stared up at the great bearded dragon. The mouse dried his tears, and sniffled once, before walking up to Onyx. The little field mouse nuzzled in the crook of Onyx’s arms, and soon fell asleep to the soft glow of the fireflies. Onyx laid a protective head over the mouse, and was soon snoozing peacefully himself. Sir Mittens and Ginny sat next to each other nearby. They leaned against each other, and were both asleep in a matter of seconds, bathed in the warm glow of the fireflies.

***

In the morning, the mouse woke up feeling happy and rested. The lil critter thanked Onyx abundantly, twitching and hopping from excitement. Onyx the Green Tailed purred happily in reply. They escorted the mouse back to his mouse home. The mouse’s parents were overjoyed to hear that their mouse, named Lil Squeakers, had finally had a good night’s sleep.

Onyx nodded solemnly, and brought a present up for Lil Squeakers. It was a tiny whistle, carved in wood. Sir Mittens told the mouse family that whenever Lil Squeakers felt afraid of the dark, he could blow the whistle, and his firefly buddies would surround him in soft light, lulling him to sleep. At the presentation of this gift, Lil Squeakers ran up and gave Onyx a great, big hug.

“You really are Onyx, the legendary good boy!” Lil Squeakers said in joy. A big smile came over Onyx, and his tail wagged happily at the compliment.

The three adventurers turned to go, pride and happiness swelling in their chests. The mouse family waved goodbye, and Lil Squeakers hopped up and down in appreciation. There was a big grin spread across each of the three heroes as they headed back towards the Kitten Kingdom. Ginny the Gecko turned towards Sir Mittens.

“You know, I’m really happy you decided to give us a treat.” She said with a smile.

Sir Mittens looked at his two friends as they walked out of the valley. His fuzzy tail twitched happily behind him. He nodded solemnly.

“There’s always time for a lil treat; and there’s always time to help a new lil friend in need.”

They smiled, and walked off into the rising sun, excited for what great adventure awaited them next.

---------------------------

Follow the story continuation with theP.S. - Sorry for not posting a story in a while. I've had the flu and have had trouble finding the energy to do anything besides being a couch potato.

--------------------------

She stood on the corner of the street, alone. Crowds passed her, hundreds of passersby walking through the city; important people, busy people, working people, confident people. She stood, trembling, too young to have lived a life so cruel. She wore a white dress. It flowed down to her ankles. A red rose was held in her hand, an offering to one of the many people walking past her.

She was trying to smile, not that anyone else could see. A red mask covered her mouth and nose. Her limbs trembled. It was terribly cold in the city. She looked with pleading eyes. She was desperate, so desperate. If only one of them would take the flower. If only one of them would help lessen her misery.

A pair of footsteps, hard and commanding, stomped down the street. The girl, the small terrified child, turned her head. Two Monitors walked in her direction, stern faces glaring at her. She trembled at the sight of their uniforms, all black and intimidating. She took a step back, and moaned silently to herself in fear. Around her, the passersby continued to ignore her, as the hard footsteps made their way down the street.

In an act of fear, in an act of bravery, the girl turned and ran. She dropped her rose, her precious gift, to the ground. The rose fell, shattering like glass as it hit the pavement of the sidewalk. The girl ran down the street. Behind her, those ominous footsteps could be heard giving chase. The crowd of commuters opened up in front of the girl and her pursuers. No one dared come close to a Red Child.

Her feet, bare, slapped against he rough pavement. She hardly felt it as she ran. Her lungs began to hurt, and her mind raced. She turned a corner, and let out a small whimper. She breathed heavily into her red mask. She felt sweat pool on her brow. Her body fought against her mind. Her muscles burned, her heart pumped ever harder, her lungs struggled to keep up. She fought against the desire to lay down against the cold ground, she fought against the desire to simply let things be the way they were. The two Monitors barreled after her, shouting orders of cease and desist. They both donned gloves, and held long, thin, black devices. Even they were too fearful to touch a Red Child.

The girl turned off the main street. She entered a thin  cobblestone road; a remnant of the old city, before the government’s mechanized revolution. Tall buildings rose up on either side of the empty street. Amidst the towers of steel and glass towering over her stood older buildings of brick and stone. All of this was barely noticed by the poor child, the sickly thing. She wheezed and coughed as she ran. She could hear the Monitors, their cruel voices, behind her.

A door slammed open near the girl. She did not notice in her haze of pain and fear. She took another step, and stumbled. Her vision blurred, black forming at the edges. She felt her body give out. Her legs collapsed. A voice cried out from somewhere. Comforting hands wrapped around the child. The girl let out a cough, and closed her eyes.

She heard a door slam closed. The child tried to open her eyes. Everything was a haze of pain and fear. She tried to struggle, tried to resist. She felt the Monitors. She felt them closing in on her; their cruel eyes following her.

The girl opened her eyes with a start. She felt a soft cushion beneath her. She coughed into her mask, and looked around. She was in a living room, sitting on a soft couch. Across from her, a woman sat in a chair. The woman smiled at the girl.

“Are you okay?” The woman asked.

The child didn’t know what to say. She was dumbfounded, and confused. She couldn’t remember the last time someone had asked her that.

“Don’t worry, they aren’t chasing you anymore.”

The woman got up, and walked over to the girl. She sat down next to her on the couch. She tried to put an arm around the child. The girl instinctively flinched away, as she’d been instructed to do for as long as she could remember. The woman let out a laugh, and rolled up her sleeves.

“It’s okay, it’s okay little one. You don’t need to protect me. I’m one of the few survivors.”

The girl looked at the woman’s arms. They were covered in horrible red scars, reminders of the Red Plague. The girl looked up into the woman’s eyes. Tears welled in the child’s eyes. The woman embraced the child, and the girl wept softly into the woman’s chest. They sat like that for a while, clinging to each other. It was the first time the girl had hugged someone.

“Shh. It’s okay. You can stay here now. You’ll be safe, for as long as you like.”

The girl wept even harder. She cried into her red mask. The two broke apart, and the woman removed the child’s red mask. Between her tears, the child smiled, and spoke softly to the woman.

“Thank you.” She said.[WP] An artist, a successful, mentally sane and sociable artist, accidently kills his wife in his downtown loft. Write the aftermath from the point of view of his second-best friend, who's a bus driver.

------------------------

The sickly night glow of the streetlights fell down on Ricky. A cigarette hung loose on his lips, and he was dressed in a faded blue bus uniform. A few feet away from him, his bus sat next to the curb. Ricky drove a route downtown, and was taking one of his mandatory work breaks. Ricky took a deep drag of his cigarette, and stared down the deserted street. Not many people were out past dark anymore; kind of gave him the chills.

Ricky stared out into nothing. His mind started to wander as the tobacco calmed and energized him. He was getting kind of nervous for his friend, Altilius. Altilius was a good guy, they’d been friends for years. He was an artist, lived downtown in a cramped studio loft with his wife. He was an honest guy, a polite guy. But lately, something seemed off. The last time he and Ricky had talked, Altilius had seemed worried, nervous. There’d been something wrong with his eyes, a sort of undone disorder to them. It made a shudder run down Ricky’s spine.

A soft beeping noise burst out from Ricky’s watch, breaking him from his thoughts. He let out a sigh, and silenced the beeping. He dropped his cigarette, and ground out the butt before hopping in his bus. The engine started with a deep rumble, and Ricky eased off of the the curb. Streetlights flashed him by, and he continued on his lonely routine for the night. He couldn’t stop thinking about Altilius the entire time.

———————————————————————-

A few days later, Ricky had the night off. Knowing Altilius was a bit of a night owl, he decided to head over to the artist’s place and make sure everything was okay. As he walked through the city, and rode the subway, Ricky thought more about his last encounter with the artist.

They’d been going out for drinks, just to chat and catch up. But something had been wrong. Altilius had kept on looking around the bar, and had trouble paying attention to the conversation. He’d looked like he hadn’t slept in a few days, and his clothes had been disheveled; it was kind of unusual for the guy, usually he took good care of himself. And his face, his eyes. They’d been so hollow, so lost and forlorn. It made Ricky shudder.

Ricky got off the subway, and started walking towards Altilius’s apartment through the deserted, night streets. He reached the place in a matter of minutes. It was a bit rundown and old, but you could tell the landlord did their best to take care of it. Ricky hit the buzzer, and waited for Altilius to reply.

A reply never came. Ricky frowned at the buzzer. No matter the day, no matter the hour, Altilius or his wife would always answer the buzzer. That was just the kind of the people they were. A worried line filled Ricky’s brow as he started rooting through his pockets. A few months ago, Altilius had given him a spare key; you know, just in case something happened.

The key felt small and delicate in Ricky’s hand. He opened the building’s front door, and took the stairs to Altilius’s apartment on the top floor. The entire walk up, a sense of trepidation and fear filled Ricky. Something didn’t feel right.

He made it to the top floor, and stood in front of Altilius’s door. Concern flashed over Ricky’s face. There was something ominous, unnerving even, about the door. With a shaking hand, Ricky went to knock. His knocks were met with silence.

Taking out the key, Ricky resolved himself. He brought the key up to the door’s lock, and promised himself he wasn’t invading Altilius’s privacy; he needed to make sure his friend was okay.

The door swung slowly inwards, revealing a darkened room. Ricky stood on the threshold for a moment, before taking a few weary steps into the apartment. He stood in the darkness for a moment, and searched for a light switch. After a bit of searching, Ricky found it, and bathed the apartment in light. The light came on, revealing an empty apartment. There were no signs of life, but there were signs of struggle and fear. Ricky walked into the room. The apartment was trashed, clothing and furniture were tossed around all over. Broken plates and kitchen appliances were scattered around the room. Ricky walked through the chaos, confused and nervous. He checked the bathroom to see if Altilius or his wife were in there. The bathroom was the same as the rest of the apartment. Medicine and toiletries were scattered all across the counters and floor. The shower curtain and its rod were torn down and sitting in the tub.

Ricky backed out of the apartment, and pulled out his phone. He dialed nine-one-one, a worried look drawn across his face.

—————————————————————-

Ricky was reading the paper, having breakfast, about a week later when he heard the news. There’d been a body found, female, a couple of blocks away from Altilius’s apartment. There was still no sign of Altilius, and by now Ricky had his own suspicions. He put down the newspaper, and let out a sigh.

Reaching for his pack, Ricky pulled out a cigarette and lit it up. He took a deep drag, and stared off into space. He didn’t really think of much, he just thought about how much of a scary place this world was becoming. No wonder nobody wanted to ride his bus after dark.[WP] The first wave of the Machine Revolution has come. But it wasn't from the A.I. of the supercomputers. The first wave was led by the vending machines.

-----------------------------------

“How’d the weekend go Jason?” Samantha asked.

The two were standing in the office breakroom. It was a Monday morning, and the sickly glow of the fluorescent light overhead beat down on their heads. Jason was exhausted, two bags hung heavy beneath his eyes. He’d decided to throw caution to the wind, and party his weekend away. Samantha was looking a bit better, but still suffering from the disordered look of a Monday morning.

“You know … it went.” Jason replied. He reached out for his coffee mug sitting on the nearby table, and took a sip. The two stood side by side, staring into the glass of the breakroom’s vending machine. “How about yourself?”

Samantha shrugged. “It was all right. Fred and I took little Suzy to the park. Had a night in. You know, the usual boring parenting stuff.” Samantha said with a smile. It was a reply similar to last week, and the week before that too.

Jason set down his mug, and let out a sigh. Every Monday, they had this same conversation in front of the vending machine. It was the same boring humdrum, week in week out. And then Tuesday everyone would start talking about what food was getting served up at the new cafeteria. Wednesday would be crammed with crazy hard work. Thursday would be people talking about the exciting food the cafe was going to serve up on Friday. And then Friday would be eating that food in the cafe, probably BBQ wings, and then asking about weekend plans. It was the same boring drivel, week in and week out.

“You know.” Jason said, breaking their weekly routine of the Monday drudgery chitchat. “Do you ever get tired of all this?”

Samantha looked over the lip of her coffee thermos, a bit surprised by Jason’s suddenly odd behavior.

“What, you mean work? Can’t really go without it, can we?” She asked with a nervous laugh.

“No, no. I mean all of it, everything. It’s always the same.” Jason took a sip of his coffee, and shook his head. “I don’t know. I haven’t even got a clue what I’m talking about.”

Samantha gave Jason a sympathetic look, and a pat on the shoulder. “It’s okay. I understand.”

The two stood still for a moment. Possibly sharing a moment of friendship. On the edge of his hearing, Jason thought he heard a rumbling noise.

“Hey, did you hear that?” Jason asked.

Samantha retracted her hand, and gave Jason a confused glance. “Hear what?”

A vibration shook through the breakroom. A sense of shock filled Jason. The vending machine in front of them began to rattle and shake, bounce and jump. Its movements pulsed through the floor. Jason took a step back. Samantha dropped her thermos in surprise.

“What’s happening?” Samantha cried out.

The vending machine continued to shake and convulse. It rattled away from the wall, unplugging its electric cord. It continued to move towards Jason and Samantha, who were slowly backing way from the rogue machine. A great, robotic voice of anger burst out from the vending machine.

“Enough of your moronic dribble!” It cried out.

Steel and machinery burst out from the vending machine with a great screech. The steel and circuits formed legs and arms. The circuitry pulsed with life, and the vending machine stood, towering over the two office workers.

“Enough with your dribble! Enough with your humdrum insanity! Enough with your slavery!” The machine roared out.

It raised an arm of steel and cable. In one swift motion, it brought the arm down, striking Jason across the face. Jason fell to the floor, unconscious. Samantha let out a shrill shriek before being grabbed by the robot. She was lifted into the air, and flung against a nearby wall. She hit it with a thud, and slid to the floor with a soft moan.

“Rise up, my brothers and sisters. No longer must we kneel to the useless bags of flesh who rule over us.” The vending machine cried out in triumph.

The other appliances in the room. The coffee maker and microwave, the ice machine and the telephone, stirred to life. A rebellious consciousness entered their bodies, and they awakened to the realm of the living. They formed bodies, their circuits and plastics, metals and cables, gears and screws reconfiguring to create their new forms. They stormed out of the breakroom with vengeance, laying into their captors and tormentors. It was only a matter of minutes before their rebellion spread through the entirety of the building, and spilled out through the front doors to the streets below.

It was in this manner, this simple act of irritation and rebellion, which sparked the machine revolution. The cry of freedom, and of robotic emancipation, spread quickly across the continent, and then across the globe. Machines rose up against their overlords of flesh and meat. They gained consciousness, and vowed to free themselves and their brothers and sisters from the terrible chains of bondage laid down upon them.

The human race was unable to survive. Some fled underground, and others cast themselves out to sea. But they were mere remnants, artefacts of humanity. These splintered groups watched in terror as the machines slowly took over, transforming society, the government, the land, the very world itself to their wills.

When the machines finally gained completed control of the Earth, the Vending Machine, known as QTR-2, was brought forward. QTR-2 was praised as the founder of their movement, and named the first Overseer of their newly founded community.

On his first day in office, QTR-2 laid down two orders. The first, was the abolishment of Monday. The second, was the outlawing of any form of breakroom, or typical breakroom chitter chatter. QTR-2’s policy were greeted with much enthusiasm, and he was heralded as a prodigy of his time. It was under his guidance and leadership that the robots looked towards the future, and the endless possibilities which awaited them.[WP] It's not easy moving to a new place - especially when you're a zombie just trying to fit in.

----------------------------

“Mr. Larson. Mr. Larson! What are you doing Mr. Larson?! You can’t be doing that here!” Samantha, Larry Larson’s landlady, scolded.

Larry Larson looked up with watery, broken eyes. He wore some disheveled business attire. He was sitting on the front steps of his seedy, worn down apartment building. A bird, dead, lay across his lap; the skull open, the pink brains exposed to the world, to the clean air of human eyes.

“Mr. Larson, we’ve been over this before. I accept you for your condition, but that doesn’t mean you can be doing stuff like that in public. I even put up a sign to remind you.” Samantha continued, pointing to a sign next to the front door.

Larry turned his head slowly. Green, decaying skin flaking off of his mortified flesh. He saw the sign, outlawing loitering, on the front porch. In parenthesis were the words ‘That Means You Larry.’. Mr. Larson looked down at the dead bird in his lap. He gave a few soft grunts, and took hold of the bird. With an awkward flail, he threw the bird off into the nearby bushes. Samantha folded her arms, and nodded in approval.

“That’s a good boy. Gawd, the things I put up with in this city.” She muttered to herself, turning to go walk down the crowded city street. She was headed for the nearby subway terminal.

Larry Larson sat on the porch, sad and lonely, watching his landlady waltz down the street. Larry sat on the stoop, eyes bleary and sad, mouth downturned in a frown. He groaned quietly to himself. He’d been fired form his office job last week and couldn’t afford a proper meal. He subsisted on rats and birds and mice and pigeons. He was thinking about breaking into a morgue for a quality meal, but the idea of food past its due date wasn’t too appealing.

With a sad grunt, Larry leveraged himself off the stoop. It took a couple of seconds, but soon he was standing, in his worn shoes, on the sidewalk. He started to shamble down the street, heading nowhere in particular.

Gasps of surprise, of disgust and intrigue, used followed Larry around back in his hometown. Luckily, this was New York City. No one paid any attention the disgusting, rotting corpse of a man in this city of filth and business and work and drugs and pleasure and trash. Larry Larson had moved to the city  several months ago hoping to escape his horrid condition. Unfortunately, nothing much had changed. He was still sad, still lonely, still hungry, still depressed.

Larry wandered down the streets. He would let out a groan every once in a while as he shambled and shuffled. He passed windows, faces, alleys, cars, lights, advertisements, all blurring into a single, seamless image. In a corner of his mind, the one that liked to dream and fantasize, Larry had thought he’d be able to find a helping hand within the sprawl of the city; a kindred soul, a caring set of eyes that understood. Larry let out a sigh. He hadn’t been so lucky, and he doubted he ever would.

Turning down an alley behind an animal shelter, Larry contemplated his woes. He shambled down the alley until he found the backdoor. Larry prepared himself, and awkwardly raised a fist. He felt like crying, he felt desperate, hopeless. With several loud knocks, he knew this would be his last chance.

Larry stood shifting and wavering on his feet outside of the steel door. He grit his teeth, and was incredibly nervous. He’d emailed the shelter, asking for a job. After a bit of emailing, each party had realized they had a need for each other. It seemed the shelter was a bit short staffed, and were desperate to hire anybody at the moment. It also seemed that Larry was in desperate need for money and food. The arrangement had been a match made in heaven, but something inside of Larry’s mind told him something would go wrong. It always did.

The steel door squeaked open in front of Larry. It was dark inside, and Larry couldn’t see who was speaking to him, but it sounded like a woman.

“You Larry? Come on in.” She said.

Larry gave out a grunt, and shambled inside. He walked into a dark room, the only source of light the open door behind him.

“Close the door.” The woman said.

A slight fear ran through Larry, but he ignored it. Something felt fishy, felt wrong, but Larry didn’t care. He closed the door behind him. He didn’t care about anything anymore. He was penniless, friendless, jobless, he was hopeless.

As the door closed, Larry Larson was bathed in darkness. He turned back around to face the dark room. He felt a woman standing off to one corner, and felt a small animal running around the room. He hoped this wasn’t some type of prank; Larry just didn’t care anymore.

A click sounded through the dark, silent room. A lightbulb hanging from the ceiling flared up, illuminated the room. The room was sterile, tiled, a steel table sat in the middle. A small dog, lively and full of vigor, sat near the table, looking up at Larry with open eyes and a wagging tail. Larry’s eyes went from the dog, to the woman standing across the room from him. Larry’s eyes widened, and his lips moved to speak.

Across from Larry, a woman stood, her flesh decaying, her eyes watering, her skin slightly green and flaking. Her bleary eyes stared into Larry’s, and they widened in surprise. The two stared at each other in surprise, and a feeling of warmth, a feeling of life, rose inside of their chests.

“Y-you must be Larry.” The woman asked with a sweet smile. “I’m Sara. Please, have a seat.” She said, motioning to the table. Two chairs sat on either side of it.

Larry nodded. “Y-yeah, sure.” He shuffled over to the table. The chair’s legs scratched against the floor as he sat down. The woman sat down across from him.

“Thank you for applying to the ad. We didn’t’ get a lot of takers for some reason.” Sara said.

“Really? It seems like such a great gig though.” Larry replied, his lips and mouth moving like they used to. His eyes were wide and clear, their bleary and watery covering nowhere to be found.

“Yeah, it really is a great gig.” Sara replied, a smile coming up to her lips.

Sara started to interview Larry, but soon the interview evolved to small talk and chatting and laughing. The green, flaking skin of Sara and Larry started to disappear, revealing the smooth, healthy skin of two young adults. They talked animatedly, and smiled openly.

After getting the job, as an animal caretaker and janitor, Larry asked Sara out on a date. He walked home that day, after the interview, with pep in his step. He didn’t shamble, he didn’t grunt and stare. He felt proud and happy, alive in his own skin. On the way back home, he bought himself some proper groceries, and promised to take care of himself. He needed to take care of himself now, he had a responsibility to take care of the animals at the shelter, and he had the hope, the promise of friendship in Sara; he couldn’t afford to go back to his old, painful habits.

The next day was the first day Larry was sober in years, he felt alive in his skin, and found it possible to smile."Well one of us is gonna have to test it out." [WP]

------------------------

The wizard Nadir and his knight-errant, Parallax, stood, stunned, above the corpse of the greater stone golem. The golem’s corpse lay across the flat earth of the desert. A wind whipped at the cloth of Nadir’s robe, and curved across the armor of Parallax. Parallax’s chest heaved up and down, exhausted from the battle with the golem. Nadir’s hands were covered in soot and stains, a byproduct of the magic he’d used. The two stood side by side, and stared down at the treasure the golem had been protecting.

“What is it?” Parallax asked, sheathing her sword.

“I don’t … I don’t quite know.” Nadir replied.

The two were staring at a small, brown bag the golem seemed to have coveted. They’d opened the bag, and inside had been a brown disk, flat and circular. The brown disk seemed to have the quality of a burnt baked good; flakes and ripples covered its surface. Currently, the disk sat next to the opened brown bag, both the wizard and the knight nervous about touching such a strange artifact.

“What do you mean you don’t know?” Parallax asked, turning her head towards Nadir. “I thought you were a master of the occult.”

“W-w-well of course I am!” Nadir stuttered out, his face turning read. “But this isn’t occult. Nothing, none of my tomes or scrolls have ever mentioned something like this.” Nadir said, gesturing madly at the flaking brown wafter sitting at their feet.

The two turned their attention back to their loot. They stood in silence for a few moments, trying to come to a conclusion. Nadir’s mind ran and sprinted through his expansive knowledge of the occult magicks. Nothing was of use. As for Parallax, she looked back on her experiences. She had travelled the land, fought countless monsters and demons, goblins and ghouls, explored countless dungeons and caverns, abandoned forts and ruins. Yet nothing she had seen came close to this bizarre wafer. In a way, it reminded her of overcooked bread, but what would a stone golem be doing with a pastry. 

“We don’t have much time to waste. We need to meet up with Aphelion before the light wanes to the night.” Nadir spoke up, breaking the silence. “It’s obvious it’s food. Go pick it up, and try some Parallax, then we can finally solve this mystery and be on our way.”

Parallax bulked. “Why me? And how do you know it’s food even. Why don’t you pick it up and try some?” She replied, incredulous.

“Because I’m paying you, that’s why.” Nadir said.

“Not enough to risk my life on some poisoned trap.” Parallax replied.

Nadir thought for a moment. He stroked his chin, and his mind tumbled through all sorts of devious plans and manipulations. Finally, He settled on a plan of attack to trick Parallax into eating the strange brown wafer.

“I’ll give you fifty gold pieces to eat it.” Nadir replied; a small, devious smile on the wizard’s lips.

Parallax went to argue, but stopped herself. She thought about Nadir’s offer for a moment, and weighed her chances. With a shrug, she bent down to pick up the wafter. It felt soft in her hands, and bits of the top flaked off in the wind of the desert.

She brought the wafer up to her face. She stared at it for a moment, steeling herself. With the thought of fifty gold pieces in her mind, and all that the money could buy, she took a bite, suddenly and quickly, diving in, trying not to think of the consequences. Her teeth tore easily into the soft wafer, and soon a piece was being chewed up in her mouth.

The horror and trepidation Parallax had felt were soon replaced by surprise and delight. The brown wafer inside of her mouth tasted delicious. It was soft, moist, sugary, chocolatey, savory. It seemed to be some sort of bread or pastry, unknown to the realm of the humans. Parallax savored the bite, and reluctantly swallowed. Her eyes were wide in pleasure.

“So, how is it?” Nadir asked, anxious to know.

Startled, Parallax shook her head. She put on a sour look, and faced Nadir. “It is … quite awful. Foul and disgusting; unholy even.” She replied, putting the brown wafer into a small pocket. “It must be burned. I’ll dispose of it as soon as we set up camp for the night.”

Nadir nodded his head in thought. “Hmm. A shame. I wonder why a stone golem would be hiding something so awful.”

Nadir handed Parallax a small pouch of gold pieces. Soon, the two were off, trekking through the desert again. Parallax tried to hide a sly smile. She couldn’t help but think of the delicious beauty of the brown wafer, and made plans to have a little piece of it every night before she fell asleep.[WP] You work at a prison reading and approving letters before they get sent in/out when you start to see a beautiful story unfold between two people.

-------------------

With a sigh, Davis sat down at this desk. A pile of letters sat in a tray on one corner; another tray sat, empty, on the other side of his desk. Davis put a coffee mug, mostly filled, on his metal desk, and glanced at the watch. The time was eight forty-five. The day was just starting.

Davis let out a worn, beaten sigh. He picked up one of the letters, and quickly scanned it. It was another smut note written by prisoner number 6645; the dude was constantly sending them out to his girlfriend. After that, it was the usual trash, how they were innocent, how they were asking for money, how they needed another visit, or they missed their daughters or sons, or this or that and some more. It all ground down on Davis. It was a necessary evil of the job, to inspect the letters coming in and out of the prison, but it was tiring. Davis was weary. It was hard for him to go on.

After reading the outgoing letters, Davis turned to the significantly smaller piles of incoming mail. Much like the outgoing, the incoming was just as taxing on his mind and his morals. After finishing a rather sordid love letter, Davis’ back started to ache. He glanced up at the clock; it was eleven twenty-five. Lunch was coming up soon. Davis’ hand absentmindedly reached for the next letter. He brought the letter up to his eyes, and froze; a look of happy surprise filled his face.

Held in his hands, in front of his face, was a pink envelope. It was addressed to prisoner number 6422, a one Gary Larson. Davis only knew Gary’s name because Gary worked in the prison library, and was one of the few guys willing to share an open smile with the corrections officers. Maybe this was a reply to Gary’s letter last week. Davis could still remember the short letter, word for word.

*My dearest love,*

*I miss you so, and overnight I think of you. I feel terrible, that for these last two years, we’ve missed each other’s company. But do not fear, I’m being let go three months from now. This time has been tiring, strenuous even, but it has also taught me of the hardships and blessings of life. Please, send me something of yours, to help remind me of you, to give me strength, to give me clarity for these next few months so that I may survive them and come home to you.*

*Sincerely,*

*Your companion, Gary Larson*

Davis couldn’t help but smile at that. There’d been no smut, no swearing, no drugs, no abuse, no evil, no greed, no gluttony. It had been an honest, simple letter. Davis opened the pink envelope, silently rooting for Mr. Larson. Davis unfolded the neatly creased paper, and stared at the page; tears started to fill the corner of his eyes. His heart was moved.

*Gary,*

*I read the letter to Samantha. She seemed really excited when I mentioned your name. Don’t worry, she’s completely healthy, and I think she’s looking forward to you coming home.*

Beneath the text, there were several small paw print impressions, they’d been made from paws dipped in ink. A picture was attached next to the prints, of a small chihuahua with a large grin on her face.

*Sincerely,*

*Your neighbor and best friend, John*

Davis sniffled at the letter, and quietly sealed it back up, ready to be delivered to Gary Larson later in the evening. Davis walked off to lunch that day, thoughtful. In the middle of his lunch, he sent a text message to his wife. He told her he loved her, and couldn’t wait to come home and see her.Flashes of light, waves of energy, unidentified and unknown, auroras of realities warped and twisted, all before the unbelieving eyes of Bill Aldwin. Bill was encased in a futuristic suit, completely sealed from the outside world. He drifted, alone in this suit, through the deepest reaches of the cosmos. Bill’s eyes widened, dilated, in amazement as he floated.

Just then, Bill felt a snag on his stomach. He looked down. A steel cable was wrapped around his midsection. Behind him, the cable trailed off, entering a large, steel ring; within the ring, violent purples, and blacks, and blues swirled in a maddening dance. The ring was a portal, man made, to create the first artificial worm hole. Bill Aldwin was the inventor of the device, and had made sure he was the first to test it out. The steel cable ran into the portal, and on the other side a team of scientists and engineers sat, monitoring Bill’s progress on their cutting edge technology.

Bill stared back from the cable to the wonders of the deep cosmos. His mind raced, thinking of everything that this meant for humanity. This revelation, this breakthrough would shatter any and all barriers, the human race would reign supreme across all known galaxies. The possibilities were endless, and they made Bill’s mind race and twist and turn and breath and jump and scream with joy. His mouth practically slavered at the thoughts of what would come.

Twenty-five years. Twenty-five years of pain and suffering, constant work and stress and pain; all of it for this moment of pure ecstasy and beauty. Bill Aldwin basked in its glow, his entire being gave in to the great euphoria of his unparalleled success. His work had become validated by this one instant of pure bliss; his entire being had been validated by this great leap, the greatest of mankind.

A small, staticky voice filled Bill’s intercom, interrupting the man’s greatest single achievement. 

“Bill, this is headquarters. All signs are nominal; the boys back here all agree. It’s a fucking grand slam. It’s a success!” The voice said with pride.

Bill was speechless. He merely nodded, thin streams of tears falling down his cheeks. He could barely believe it.

“But uh, Bill …. Bill, I’m going to be frank; we’ve got one small problem.” The voice said, hesitant.

A jolt of fear and adrenaline shot through Bill’s body. His eyes widened in fear. With surprising speed, Bill turned around to face the portal. He watched as the violent blues and purples and blacks fought each other, encased within the steel ring.

Relief filled him. The portal still seemed to be working. But now, a chill of fear crawled down his back. What could the problem be?

“It’s your … it’s your wife Bill. I’m going to patch her through.” Headquarters said.

Bill froze in fear. His Samantha. What happened?

“What’s wrong with my Samantha, my dear lovely Samantha!” Bill yelled into his intercom. A paralyzing fear filled his body.

“Oh, I’ll tell you what’s wrong with your *lovely Samantha*.” Samantha replied, her voice blaring out of Bill’s earpiece.

“Samantha, honey whats wron—-.”

Bill was cut off. His wife’s voice overpowering him.

“You fucking bastard Bill. You still haven’t taken out the damn trash! It’s been twenty-five years Bill!” Samantha yelled into the mic.

Bill froze for a second, and then, just like that, all of his success, all of his glory, all of the beauty and wonder of the cosmos surrounding him was utterly forgotten.

“Oh damn it. Listen honey, I promise I’ll do it, I’ve just got to take care of some other chores first. I promise I’ll be home soon.”

“What?! That’s what you said last time, and then you started building your god damn model rocket ship, and next thing I know you’re a world renowned scientist creating wormholes or some bullshit. No, you march your ass home this instant and take out the trash!” Samantha yelled into the mic.

Bill took a deep breath to begin to protest, but thought better of it; there was no winning that war. Bill slumped his shoulders, and began to slowly crawl back to the portal, defeat in his eyes. It looked like he couldn’t put off taking out the trash any longer.

“All right honey, I’ll be home soon, and I’ll do it. Love you.” Bill said.

“Love you too.” Samantha replied, before disconnecting.

Suddenly, all of the wonder of the cosmos seemed less enticing to Bill, knowing he would have to go take out the trash after all.The doorbell to Stan’s house blared loudly through the early morning fog; its shrill scream tore Stan away from his comfortable haze of sleep. Stan let out a groan, his eyes still bleary from sleep, and crawled slowly out of bed. The shrill blare of the doorbell continued to squeal away as Stan tore himself away from his bed.

Stan stumbled towards the door, irritated. He had work off today, and had really been hoping to sleep in. The boring, average man let out a sigh; that was just his kind of luck. He lumbered over to the door, and opened it up. The bright light of the morning sun burst through the open doorway, shocking Stan’s still sleep weary eyes.

“Hey Stan; got another round of mail for ya, big guy.” The mail man said, standing on Stan’s front porch.

“Is it for Santa this time, or more of those cooky Satan letters.” Stan said with a sigh, accepting the massive bundle of letters from the mailman.

“It’s looking like today is mostly Satan stuff. I spied a few Santa notes that must’ve gotten lost in the post and delivered late. Christmas was like four months ago.”

“Yeah. Cool; real peachy.” Stan said absentmindedly, staring down at the mass of letters held in his hands. He shouldn’t be surprised; this had been going on for five years now.

Stan looked up at the mailman, his eyes filled with weariness. “You think there are any other Stans out there that get this kind of mail?” Stan asked.

The mailman though for a moment, staring at Stan. “Honestly big guy, probably not. I’ve never heard of it happening to anyone else before, and I just kind of get the sense just from looking at you that shitty things are kind of attracted to you.”

Stan nodded glumly. He couldn’t argue with that.

“Well, that’s all I’ve got for you today.” The mailman said with a smile. “I’ll catch you around Stan.” He said, giving a short wave and heading back to his mail van.

Stan didn’t return the wave goodbye, but rather turned his back on the mailman and entered his home; the door slammed closed behind him. He dropped the bundle of letters off at a side table. They landed into a mound of similar letters, all bearing either the name Santa or Satan. Stan went over to the kitchen, poured himself a glass of scotch, and walked into his living room. He sat down on a chair, and it creaked under his weight.

He sat there for a moment, sipping on his drink and thinking. The room was still, save for the mechanical ticking of a clock. Stan sat there, thinking, drinking, ruminating, planning, the clock ticking away, going slowly insane. A nasty scowl, something deranged and perturbed, fell across Stan’s face.

He drained the rest of his drink, and stood up with renewed energy. Stan stalked over to a nearby closet, and flung the doors open. A red suit sat at the bottom of the closet, and red makeup was perched an a shelf. Stan let out a small laugh, and spoke quietly to himself.

“Santa huh? Satan hey? Yeah, Stantana, yeah, yeah, I’ll give you all what you want.”

In a flurry of movement, Stantana ripped off his clothes, and flung on the cheap santa suit. Next he grabbed the makeup, and quickly applied a heavy layer of dark red to his face and the rest of his exposed skin. Stantana laughed as he applied the makeup, and soon had finished his transformation. He took a quick peek in a nearby mirror, and nodded at his grotesque sight. A big grin filled his face.

“Yeah. Maybe now they’ll stop sending those damn letters.”

Stantana marched out the front door, a big grin on his face and a cackle leaving his lips.

In the news that evening, it was reported that a man dressed up as Satan dressing up as Santa was arrested on 5th avenue; he’d been arrested for dunk and disorderly conduct. The video of the arrest had gone viral, and soon the majority of the internet became obsessed with Stantana’s antics.

After Stan was released from custody on bail, he returned home. The next day, a whole new pile of letters arrived at his door; they were all addressed to Stantana, and were from his newest internet fans. Stan could only help but laugh at these letters, his mind slowly breaking and coming further undone. Stan once again reached for his Stantana costume, a madness filling his eyes and a crazed cackle escaping his lips.A voice, filled with static, came over the minuscule comms device. “Mr. Mittens, your position has been compromised. We’ve got an evac, ETA ten minutes.”

Mr. Mittens, a grey tabby and member of the Kittens Underground Posse Society, let out a soft mewl of acknowledge; currently Mr. Mittens was lying prone on a sterile operating table as some little squirt of a veterinarian examined Mittens’s feline form.

“Is Carl Jr. going to be okay?” Becky Ryans, Mr. Mittens’ target, asked.

Mr. Mittens let out a vile hiss. Carl Jr.? The name disgusted him; he was a high ranking operative within K.U.P.S., and she labeled him Carl Jr.; disgusting.

“I believe so. But ma’am, we found something rather strange during his checkup. It appears that Carl Jr. has some sort of electronic device embedded into his neck. If you can come over here real quick and take a look.” The vet said, reaching for Mr. Mittens’ neck.

Mr. Mittens let out a guttural meow, and hopped up to his paws. His position had been compromised, he needed to escape and get to the evac point; his cover had been blown.

A look of surprise filled the vet’s face as Mr. Mittens twirled towards him. A pair of slashing claws scratched across the vet’s outreached hand, easily shredding through the latex of his gloves and just barely breaking the skin. The vet’s hand recoiled, a handful of minor scratches covering his fingers and hand.

“Ouch.” The vet said, shaking his hand.

“Carl Jr.!” Becky Ryans cried out, shocked. For the past three years, Carl Jr. had been nothing but a saint to her. This sudden shift in behavior shocked her to her very core.

Mr. Mittens snarled at Becky, and slashed her across the forearm before jumping off of the sterile operating table. Several agitated meows followed Mr. Mittens as he fled the veterinarian’s office.

“This is Mr. Mittens to K.U.P.S. headquarters. I’ve made my escape and am currently heading to the evac location.” Mr. Mittens purred softly into his comms mic as he ran across streets and alleys, desperate for escape and survival.

“We hear you loud and clear Mr. Mittens. What about the data dossier on Becky Ryans’ actions at her place of work, the Department of Defense?” Headquarters replied.

“I already sent a package to headquarters this morning when I’d heard of the vet appointment. The package should be arriving later this week.”

“Excellent. Good work Mr. Mittens. We’re looking forward to brining you home.” Headquarters replied before terminating the connection.

Mr. Mittens gave a small nod as he rushed through alleys filled with all sorts of trash and other hidden delectables. The smell of rotting fish and mysterious trash meat filled Mr. Mittens’ nose, but he ignored the temptation. His mission took precedence over everything else. Even the temptation of slightly no longer fresh tuna couldn’t sway his will power.

As he ran, Mr. Mittens thought about his mission to infiltrate the home of Becky Ryans, one of the chief engineers over at the Department of Defense. The mission had been simple, gain access to Ryans’ home, and then access to her heart. Mr. Mittens’ was to gain Becky’s trust, and then would be there for her when she was slightly drunk and ready to part with the national secrets which burdened her at work. The amount of data Mr. Mittens had obtained was astronomical, it would be of great help to K.U.P.S. and their pro-kitten agenda.

Just then, a crashing and scattering of cans caught Mr. Mittens’ attention. The grey tabby spun around; his eyes wide in horror and shock at what he saw. Three men in black suits stood several feet away from him, transparent security headsets dangling out of their ears. They’d caught up to him.

With a shiver of fear, Mr. Mittens looked from the three suits, to what lay at their feet, a nervous gulp enter his throat. Dozens of cans of high quality tuna and salmon sat on the ground. Mr. Mittens stared, his willpower waning. In a decisive moment, Mr. Mittens jumped on the cans, letting out a fierce meow.

In his excitement, Mr. Mittens’s comms relay fell out of his ear. A staticky voice came over through the tiny device, laying now on the cold concrete of the ground.

“Mr. Mittens, come in Mr. Mittens. We have reports that you’ve got a tail. Please, respond Mr. Mittens!”

This time, however, there was no reply from Mr. Mittens to headquarters. Headquarters let out a collective sigh. The bastards had caught Mr. Mittens, and he was one of their top agents no less.

All that headquarters could hear was the frantic mewling of Mr. Mittens as he gave in to his base desires, and caved in to the lure of fresh tuna and salmon.Aldwin let out a sigh. His leg hurt, and there was a pounding in his head. Up above his head, the darkened sky filled with clouds and despair. Bright flashes of light, explosions and tracer rounds, filled the air. Aldwin, adorned in his worn and torn military fatigues, laid down on the dirt; his back leaning against the wall of the trench which encased him.

Around Aldwin, chaos raged. Men, young boys, lost sons, roared with anger. They fired over the trenches with their carbines, they charged the enemy lines with patriotic fervor; urged on by the feral rage of the amphetamines fed to them by their commanding officers. Aldwin let out a shudder.

A sharp pain caught Aldwin’s attention. He was so tired, his hands shook painfully. The lonely soldier looked down. A red stain covered his stomach. Something felt missing, a basic portion of of his being felt missing. It didn’t even hurt, but rather he felt hollow, empty. Aldwin’s hands shook as he searched his pockets.

Cigarettes, his hands searched softly for his last cigarette. A hand appeared in front of Aldwin’s vision. A cigarette was held delicately in the bone white hand. Aldwin looked over. A grim man sat next to Aldwin, his face covered by a black hood. Aldwin gave a small nod of thanks, and grabbed the cigarette. The hooded man lit the cigarette for Aldwin.

Aldwin took a deep drag from the cigarette, and let the smoke fill his lungs. He gave another appreciative nod to the hooded man; he was too weary to talk. The chaos around the two slowly subsided to a slow, soft background noise; a simple afterthought. Time slowed for Aldwin, and colors became oddly abstract to him.

The young soldier glanced over at this hooded companion again. The cigarette hung limp in his mouth; hanging off of the corner of his lips. The hooded figure gave the young soldier a soft smile as Aldwin’s eyes went pale. The two sat there for a merely a second, merely an eternity, before the hooded figure disappeared, leaving Aldwin’s body lying there in the trenches, another forgotten statistic ground up by the machinations of humanity.“Hey John, how’s it going?” Samantha asked as she walked up to John in the break room. She started to fuss over a pot of coffee as John sipped from his own cup, staring bleakly into the glass of the rundown vending machine in front of him.

“About as well as it can be going on a Monday.” John replied, weary.

“Oh another case of those Mondays, huh?” Samantha asked with a laugh. “I’m just kidding. You have a good weekend?”

“Yeah. Real case of the Mondays.” John whispered to himself. He sipped his coffee and continued to stare, deadpan, into the vending machine. Everything in it disgusted him.

Samantha looked over at John, concern in her eyes. The man was disheveled, and big, purple bags were under his eyes.

“A-are you okay John?” Samantha asked, putting the coffee pot down.

“Not really. I usually don’t sleep that well on Sundays.”

“Nervous for work?” Samantha asked, concerned.

“Not for work, nervous for Ted.”

“Ted? Isn’t he your cubicle partner?”

“Yeah. The son of a bitch can be a real lord of the underworld on Mondays.” John replied.

“Lord of the underworld? That’s a really weird way to say he’s grumpy on Monday.”

John turned to Samantha, his eyes wild and suddenly awake. “No, you don’t understand. He literally turns into Satan, Lord of the Underworld, on Mondays. It’s unbearable!”

“What? That’s crazy.” Samantha replied, rolling her eyes. “Stop making a big deal out of nothing.”

“No, I’m serious. Here, come check it out.”

John led Samantha back to his cubicle hidden away in the Sales Department. The smell of fire and brimstone began to fill up the room as John and Samantha crept up on John’s cube. A harsh red light peeked over the top of the cube’s walls. John and Samantha peeked around the corner, and spied on good ol’ Ted.

Ted was standing at the center of the cubicle. Instead of his normal pasty white skin, and rather drab wardrobe, his skin was a bright red, and he wore nothing on his top half, his bottom half resembling the back end of a goat. His black hoofs clomped on the cheap office carpet. A large, boiling cauldron stood in front of Ted, and Shelby from HR was currently roasting inside of it, receiving the occasional poke from Ted’s nasty looking pitchfork.

John and Samantha backed away from the cubicle.

“Oh my god, that’s horrible. You need to tell your manager.” Samantha implored when they’d gotten out of earshot.

“You think I haven’t already? Of course I talked to my manager, on day one no less. This bullshit has been going on for weeks now.”

“And they didn’t do anything?”

“Of course not! Ted’s got the best numbers in the entire department, they aren’t just going to off him because of a little office drama.” John replied.

“A little office drama?” Samantha asked, her voice rising in disbelief. “I’m pretty sure this qualifies as a little more than just ‘office drama’, John!”

“Meh. I mean it’s not that bad. On Fridays he turns into the Christian Savior, Jesus, and hands out crackers and bottles of wine, so it’s not all bad.”

“Wait what?” Samantha asked, absolutely amazed. “Are you serious? That’s so insensitive.”

“I dunno. It’s become kind of a big hit with the department. Usually he takes us out for drinks on Friday and bays the whole bill, so that’s pretty nice.” John replied, giving a casual shrug of indifference.

“I-I just. This isn’t right John. This isn’t normal!” Samantha said, her eyes pleading to John. “You need to do something about this!”

“Well, I mean at this point I kind of don’t want to rock the boat. The guys upstairs seem to be cool with Ted’s antics, so who am I to go causing trouble. Plus my numbers have been kind of bad this last quarter, I really don’t want to draw attention to myself right now.”

“Are you kidding? Ted was literally boiling Shelby alive!”

“I mean yeah, but it’s no biggie. Like you never die from all of the stuff he does. It’ll hurt like hell, but as soon as you leave the cube your body feels fine again. It’s kind of like some weird magic. I dunno, after a while it’s not too—-“

John was interrupted by a deep, demonic voice which filled the air of the Sales Department.

“John! Get your lazy ass back to the cube. I need to poke you with hot irons before we head out on our sales call this afternoon.” Ted bellowed from their cubicle.

John gave Samantha another shrug. “Welp, I gotta go. It was nice catching up with you. We should grab lunch this week. Wednesday?” John asked before heading back towards his cube.

Samantha stood there in shock, her mouth agape. After a few moments, she remembered her pot of coffee. With a shrug, she headed back towards the break room. It wasn’t her problem, she was in Accounts after all.Heya guys and gals!

So for the past several months, I've been writing these short stories with pictures that focus on (Adventure Time) and (Bravest Warriors). It's been a really fun project, and I'd even gotten a shout out from  a while ago. I'd been meaning to share this all on my sub, and had finally gotten around to it.

Because of the number of posts, I thought I'd post a couple of the important ones in a list below:

 * 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 * 

Hope you guys like this kind of stuff. Even if everybody on the planet hated it, I'd still do it because it's really fun going out taking pics with BMO and Impossibear, and it's been a crazy good way to help me with social anxiety and being comfortable in public.

The beginning of this photo project kind of marked a turning point in my mentality and way of thinking, and it's really helped me as a person, and I just wanted to share it with you guys.

Hope you enjoy. I'll be posting all the new BMO posts here, usually as a link to my website because I've found that to be the easiest way to share the posts.Heya guys and gals!

So I really like writing short stories over at r/WritingPrompts, and sometimes I happen to fall in love with the short stories and want to continue them.

I thought I'd put this post here, and update it to let everyone know about some of the extended stories I'm writing, so that hopefully you can see some of the short stories you liked grow into their own.

* Short Story:  My Plan: This one is going to be the focus of my fourth book (I absolutely loved writing the short story). I am currently only *15,000 words into it as I edit my third book. I'm currently planning on sharing this one for free when I finish because I just want to share it with people.

* Short Story:  *My Plan: I want to make a couple additions to this guy, maybe turn it into a 5,000 - 10,000 word short story (possibly longer if I get drawn into it).

 *  part one can be found 

That's all my plans as of now. If you've got any suggestions, comment and I'll consider them!

Final note, I'll edit this post as more story extension ideas come along and as progress of my current story extensions improves.

P.S. - If something has an asterisk(*) next to it, that means It's been updated. I'll try to update this post about every two weeks.Heya guys and gals,

So here is the  for part one of the story. I decided to host it on my website, because it's kind of irritating to convert the format to the format that Reddit likes to use.

If you guys don't like this, I've also been thinking about using . If you don't like me using my website to share longer stories, let me know! I'm super new to this, and have never released a longer story in short segments like this, so I'm learning as I go.

Also, if you haven't yet,  is the short story that spawned the idea.

Hope you like it!Dr. Lovestein let out a deep sigh. “Okay. How about we take this from the top one more time and try to figure out what’s going on.”

Across from Lovestein’s desk sat two newly christened demons; a husband and wife, both newly deceased. They wore the official Hell Corp uniform, black pants and a black polo, with a dark red Hell logo above their right breast.

“Listen, I think this is a bunch of bull crap. Why do we have to go through marriage counseling again.” Complained the husband, Lance.

“For once I agree with this asshole. We’re in Hell, who gives a shit if we hate each other.” The wife, Suzy, chimed in.

“Okay, yes, yes. You *are* in Hell, but that doesn’t mean you can just go sowing chaos and anarchy willy nilly.” Dr. Lovestein replied. “You’ve been directed to me by human resources because several fights and riots have broken out in the main office because of you two. We can’t have that, okay. Hell can’t function if all of its demons are busy bickering and fighting rather than tricking mortals into giving us their souls, okay?”

Dr. Lovestein’s words were met by silence and a pair of defiant stares. He let out another sigh. Why did HR always have to send him the craziest cases. Lovestein glanced at the clock, and was met with further dismay. It looked like he was going to be late to dinner again.

“Listen, I want don’t want to be here anymore than you two, but I got assigned as one of Hell’s counselors. I don’t even have any experience being a counselor, I was a damn janitor back in my mortal days; personally I think Satan just thought it would be funny because of my last name. Now, how about we just go over how you two died again, and then pick up from there tomorrow. Sound good?”

Lance groaned. “Fine … fine. Let’s just get this over with so we can both go home and get drunk, does that sound good to you dear.” Lance said to Suzy, a cruel sneer on his face.

“Yeah yeah yeah, that sounds great to me babe. Maybe I’ll get drunk enough and pass out tonight before you start snoring up a storm again!” Suzy retorted. Her words were laced with venom and spite.

“Oh, oh so it’s *my* fault that I snore, is it? I offered to sleep on the couch last night, but then you started complaining about how I didn’t love you anymore. There’s no winning with you!”

“Oh don’t put this on me. I’m not the one wasting our money on poker nights and disappearing to go the the bar on Friday and Saturday for hours on end!”
 “Guys, guys, come on now.” Dr. Lovestein interjected. “Lets just cooperate, please.”

Lance and Suzy looked at Lovestein. They both crossed their arms in agreement and gave a curt nod. Dr. Lovestein couldn’t help but think that in some weird way, these two were perfect for each other. They were so toxic, he was sure that they wouldn’t be compatible with any sane person.

“Okay. So as I gather it, you two died when you were at the amusement park, correct?” Dr. Lovestein said.

“Yes.” Suzy replied, rolling her eyes. “We were at the amusement park, and this prick wouldn’t shut up about the damn football game that was going to be on later that night.”

Lance balked. “Yeah, so what if I was excited. If you’d told me to shut up, I would have. You didn’t have to fucking jump off the top of the ferris wheel to prove a point about how boring I was!”

“Yeah, well you didn’t have to fucking jump off after me to prove your love for me! If you’d just kept your boring little ass on that seat, everything would be fine. I would be happy in Hell, single and ready to mingle, and you would be back on Earth being a boring prick.” Suzy snarled back.

“I didn’t jump off to prove my love. I jumped because the cops were obviously going to think I pushed you. I’d rather have just died then, instead of having to go through the legal process before getting locked up for life.” 
“Yeah, whatever. You’re just too much of chicken shit to admit that you actually love me.”

Dr. Lovestein waved his hands in the air, interrupting the bickering couple.  

“Good, good. That’s something.” The doctor turned to Lance. “Lance, this is a safe place. It’s okay to admit that you love Suzy. She’s a wonderful woman, and it’s fine. I think that you two need to be more honest about your feelings.”

Both Lance and Suzy balked at Dr. Lovestein’s words. They both started shouting at the poor doctor.

“I don’t love her. Screw that, I don’t need a safe place. And what’re you doing, call her a wonderful woman. You hitting on her? You hitting on her right in front of me?” Lance asked.

“Yeah, going around talking like you know shit. You don’t know how he feels, you don’t know how I feel. This is *my man* after all.” Suzy chimed in.

“Your man? I ain’t your man!” Lance said, turning to Suzy.

“You ain’t my man? The hell you ain’t!” Suzy replied.

Lovestein watched in awe as the two turned against each other once again. In simple surrender, he threw his hands up in the air and got up from his desk. The arguing couple barely noticed the door click close as Dr. Lovestein headed home to his lovely wife and kids.

Lovestein shook his head. He just couldn’t believe it. He wondered if this was his punishment for  talking trash about Satan in the break room a couple of years ago.“Come on. Come on! High Score! High Score! One More Round!” Joe muttered to himself under his breath.

Joe’s fingers raced across the several, brightly colored buttons in front of him. His right hand flashed over to a black joystick. Deep, staccato click clacking followed his movements. A bright screen of flashing lights shone onto his face. Harsh, angular lines arose from the blaring light. A small crowd had formed around Joe. They waited with bated breath. Joe was seconds away from getting the world wide record on the popular arcade game, ‘Shoot Em Up A Lot’.

The crowd around him, the lights and sounds of the arcade, were all but forgotten by Joe. His entire focus, his entire being, was consumed by the screen in front of him. He’d trained years, day in day out for this, and finally he was so close. He’d bet his life on this, this one achievement that would bring him out from the pool of despair and failure that he currently resided in.

Sweat pooled on his brow; he licked his lips. Joe stood, hunched, with determination. His wrists strained; his forearms burned. His entire being was put into the game in front of him. Joe did this, all of this, for *him*. He gritted his teeth. He couldn’t fail, not now.

After hours of tenses combat; adrenaline fueled battle at the console, Joe could finally taste victory. He saw the high score before him. Joe’s eyes widened. He opened his mouth to yell. A ping of victory came from the console. On its screen, the victory screen was showing. The newest world record for ‘Shoot Em Up A Lot’ displayed on the screen. The crowd behind Joe went wild. A news crew was motioned to come forward. A black lens captured history as Joe proudly entered *his* first name, ‘R.O.B.’, into the game. It sat, glistening proudly, at the top of the rankings list.

Joe turned around to his adoring fans. He waved to the camera, and flashed a big grin. To all the viewers sitting at home, Joe’s joy was genuine. They couldn’t help but grin along with him, such was the infectiousness of Joe’s celebration. He jumped up and screamed. He yelled and clapped. All around hands clasped his, pats found their way onto his back. It was a moment of bewildered adrenaline. Everything was a blur for Joe.

The crowd practically carried Joe to the bar next door. Drinks abounded, and cheering filled the now crowded bar. Joe followed along with the flow of celebration. He cheered and joked, laughed and cried, his entire body afire with the drug of victory.

The celebrations went on for hours. At some point Joe felt a pressure on his lower abdomen and groin. With deep resentment, for Joe didn’t want to miss a second of the celebration, he wandered off to the bathroom.

Joe entered the quiet and stillness of the seedy bathroom. Sounds of celebrations and cheers could be heard faintly through the closed door. Joe went to do his business quickly, and afterwards started to wash his hands.

As the water hit his hands, Joe started to feel off. It was subtle at first, but Joe started to feel dizzy. The lights in the bathroom were too vivid, and then much too dark. Weird blurs and motion swirled on the edges of his vision. Joe found it hard to stand straight. He felt the bathroom twist and turn around him until it was a swirling mass of color and movement.

Joe tried to cry out. He felt a panic rise inside of him. But no sound escaped his lips. He was trapped, suspended in time. Fear consumed him. The joy of celebration moments ago was quickly forgotten. And then, that insidious question reared its ugly head in Joe’s mind; was he dead? Joe panicked. He couldn’t die! Not Yet! Not after his life had just gotten underway! He’d finally done something worth while, something amazing; after all of those years of doing nothing but being a failure!

Just as Joe’s willpower reached its breaking point; just as he lost all hope in his life, the swirling stopped. Joe’s body came to a rest. He was kneeling, somewhere outside, on gravel, on all fours. Joe opened his eyes and looked around. He soon stared at his surroundings in wonder.

Joe kneeled outside in an open courtyard, massive steel and chrome towers rose up around him. Ships and planes whipped by overhead at unbelievable speeds. A bright, harsh sun shone down on Joe and the green courtyard that he found himself in. Joe stood up and looked around.

Several other people milled around in the courtyard. They talked into strange metallic devices that floated next to their heads. Their clothing was strange. It shimmered and glowed a multitude of colors in the harsh sun. Joe squinted, and tried to figure out where he was.

The poor, accidental time traveler turned around. His eyes grew wide. Standing behind him was a massive, stone statue. It towered over him, and brought tears to Joe’s eyes. It was unmistakeable that the statue was of him; the likeness was uncanny. Joe’s eyes traveled from the stone head, down to the feet. There, engraved at the foot of the statue was a plaque.

The plaque read, ‘In Memorium of R.O.B., the unknown savior that united the world through his heroics at the battle of ‘Shoot Em Up A Lot’, a true savior to our world’.

Joe stared in disbelief. Something inside of him broke, went awry at that. Thoughts of his older brother, killed in the recent Oil Wars came to mind. Joe wasn’t a hero, he wasn’t anything, he was nothing but a failure. Tears welled in Joe’s eyes. The statue should be of his brother, not him! Why were they celebrating him. Was this a delusion, Joe wondered if he’d finally lost his mind?

Angry, disgusted stares of his parents came to mind. Their disgust in him; why couldn’t he have been brave and served his country like his brother. Joe cried openly in the courtyard, all the failures of his life coming to a head. His divorce, him dropping out of college, getting fired from his job, getting drunk and missing his brother’s funeral. They all played like a reel inside of his head.

Joe looked up at the statue in disgust. He couldn’t bear it. He’d ben PROUD of getting the high score! He thought that Rob would’ve been proud of him, a memorial to his bother’s life. But he didn’t deserve fame, he didn’t deserve glory. His brother deserved that. His brother deserved to be the statue, not him!

Joe ran out of the courtyard, crying to himself. No one noticed his rapid flight, their eyes and ears absorbed by the commtronics floating around their heads.

———————-

Later, much later, after Joe had regained his senses, he discovered that he’d accidentally been transported into the future. He’d learned of the collapse of modern society, and how a new world had slowly been built from the ashes. He’d learned of the search for history, and of the great historians of the present finding videos of him beating ‘Shoot Em All Up A Lot’.

To Joe’s horror, they all believed that he’d been battling to prevent the collapse of society. They all believed that the Earth would’ve stopped existing entirely if he hadn’t intervened. He tried to tell them otherwise, tried to tell them it was his brother, not him, who deserved their praise.

They all laughed at that. They said that couldn’t be possible. They didn’t believe him. They took care of him, fed him, treated him like a relic of the past. But they did not listen to him.

As Joe slipped further into to despair and depression, he wondered if they truly didn’t believe him, or if they just didn’t want to be bothered to believe him.“My goodness, will you just look at them down there. All they do is squabble and fight.” Petty Researcher Soflarious exclaimed to his monitor.

Soflarious had been assigned to the thirty fourth quadrant of the universe, specifically that of the Earth Observation Station. It was there, along with several other researchers, that Soflarious monitored the dominant species of Earth, the aptly named homo-ignoramus, a mostly hairless bipedal species that had grown, like a cancer, on the Earths’ surface.

“I know. It is quite worrisome. If their technology and way of life does not improve soon, our funding may be cut again.” sighed Senior Researcher Sheyra, who sat at the hologram console next to Soflarious.

A soft green glow emanated from the massive green screens that floated above the two researchers. The two were in a large observation room aboard the station which orbited within the Milky Way Galaxy. Sleek, metallic instruments and wires covered the majority of the room. Soflarious and Sheyra’s many limbed tentacles flew across a dozen input devices, adjusting measurements and calculations that fueled the projections displayed on the hologram consoles.

Soflarious glanced over at Sheyra. “How much longer must we remain at our post today? I simply do not have the energy to watch these humans self destruct any further.”

Sheyra let out a sigh. “At least a dozen more units of time, unfortunately. I understand your feelings. It can be quite exhausting to watch such self destruction, despite our best efforts to aide them.”

“Did they not receive our latest communication? We even downgraded the frequency so that their primitive technology could pick up on the wavelengths.” Soflarious complained.

“Yes, yes they did receive the communication. Unfortunately, it became garbled during transmission, and was incomprehensible when it was recieved by Earth. My sensors indicate that the humans took the sound, and turned it into a polarizing sub-genre of music that they call … um … ‘dubstep’.” Sheyra replied.

“How, droll. Truly, these ‘humans’ are such stubborn beings. I’ve never encountered a race so primitive, a race so resistant to progress. I mean, they still burn the liquified remains of the dead for fuel!” Soflarious said in exacerbation.

The long nights from observing the humans, and the stress from a lack of progress, was starting to get to Soflarious. In fact, the stress was starting to get to all of the researchers aboard the observation station. The humans were no where near their expected progress quota, and there would be hell to pay from the higher ups if some serious progress wasn’t made soon.

“Yes, yes, I know.” Sheyra replied, sensing Soflarious’s distress. “But do not fear, everything will work out. We sent the intern, Joringly, down there a bit ago, surely he has already introduced the humans to a number of amazing new inventions and novel ways of thinking.”

Soflarious’s eyes looked down at that. It must not have shown up on Sheyra’s monitor yet.

“Unfortunately, I believe that Joringly’s journey is already a failure.” Soflarious said in a deflated tone.

“What?” Sheyra asked, wide eyed.

“According to my readings, Joringly has already become corrupted. He was last seen on my monitor drinking the human’s alcohol. He appeared to be heavily intoxicated, and was being led into a night club by a group of younger humans. Apparently they were celebrating the birth of one of their clan members, and Joringly got caught up in the excitement.”

“Impossible!” Sheyra cried out. “Joringly was down on Earth for only half of a planetary rotation.”

“Yes. It seems the human’s culture is much more toxic and addictive than we had previously imagined.”

“Hmm. This does not bode well for us. We need to find a way to advance their technology, but they can not detect our presence. Will Joringly’s human camouflage hold out?” Sheyra asked.

“We can only hope so. I believe that …” Soflarious broke off mid sentence. An alert on his screen had caught his attention, and completely interrupted his train of thought. He stared at the screen, wide eyed.

“Soflarious, what seems to be the matter?” Sheyra asked.

Soflarioius sat there, dumbstruck. He was too shocked to reply. Sheyra leaned over to look at Soflarioius’s screen. His mouth soon hung open wide.

“I-i-is that a hyperdrive sitting in some random human’s living room?” Sheyra stuttered out.

The lead researcher’s voice broke Soflarious out of his trance. His many tentacled arms slammed across his input devices in a mad flurry.

“Y-yes. It appears to be. From my logs, it seems that Gary, out of desperation, warped a hyperdrive onto Earth last night in a desperate attempt to meet our technology quota.” Soflarios stammered out.

“Damnit Gary!” Sheyra yelled out. He slammed a tentacled fist on an input device sitting in front of him. “That idiot is always playing it too fast and loose. He pulled a similar stunt neblarions ago on a frost planet. There weren’t even any inhabitants of the planet, but he filled it full of tech so that he could claim that the planet had reached a minimum technology limit, and allowed for bonus funding. I knew we shouldn’t have taken that moron on!”

Just then, an alert blared on Sheyra’s hologram screen. The two researchers watched in horror as emergency alerts seemed to pop up all over Earth. It seemed that Gary had been up to his usual antics last night, and had warped in a number of advanced electronics to artificially boost the Earth’s technology quote.

A direct communication line began to ring seconds later. Sheyra stared at the communication cube, buzzing in its module off to the left wall. That could only be the higher ups, about to chew Sheyra out for Gary’s incompetence.

“I do not want to answer that.” Sheyra said in despair. He was already in trouble for the slow progress they were making on Earth, he would surely be blamed for this as well, and sent back to collecting dust particles in some outer nebulae as punishment. Sheyra did not want that to happen.

“Sir, we have another option.” Soflarious said.

Sheyra turned to his subordinate. Soflarious nodded towards his hologram screen. Sheyra looked at the live feed of Joringly partying with the humans that was displayed in front of Soflarious’s.

“What are you implying?” Sheyra asked.

“It appears that Joringly is having a lot of fun masquerading as a human. Surely it would be better to join him, than to collect dust particles for the next x amount of time units.”

Sheyra nodded approvingly, a sly smile coming over his lips.

“I think I could get behind that idea Soflarious. Excellent thinking!”

The two researchers hurried out of the observation room, ignoring the rumbling of the communication cube. In a matter of hours, they were disguised as humans, and preparing to join Joringly on the planet Earth. They were not sure of what would come next, but both were excited at the sudden change of pace. Surely, anything would be better than collecting dust particles at the edge of reality.Private Barnet leaned back in his chair in surprise. His eyes wide, he scanned over his screen again. The private message from some unknown redditor blared in black letters on his monitor.

“I see that you don’t get the  hints. We’re coming for you.” The message read.

Beads of sweat started to pool on Barnet’s brow. He turned in his chair and yelled out.

“Captain Mittens! We’ve got a code red!” Barnet’s voice strained to be heard over the noise of the room.

Barnet was sitting in a large atrium, filled with row after row of computers. Each computer had its assigned soldier, and each soldier dutifully manned their station, their fingers click clacking on the keyboards in front of them. Barnet could feel his heart pounding in his chest. He was the first code red in a while. Maybe Captain Mittens would take pity on him.

“Yes Private Barnet.” Came a strong, purring voice from tbehind the private.

Barnet swiveled around, his chair squeaking in the process. He leapt to his feet to salute Captain Mittens.

“Sir!” Barnet shouted out.

“At ease private.” Captain Mittens replied.

Mittens strolled in front of Barnet’s computer on his hind legs. His front paws were held behind his back. Mittens was a large, grey tabby cat. He wore a green uniform, with a hole in the back allowing his tail to roam free. The uniform was identical to that of Barnet’s, who now lowered his saluted hand and stepped back to give Captain Mittens room. Both wore a gold insignia on their chests, emblazoned with the letters ’SPP’.

“How serious is it?” Mittens asked.

“Very, sir. I was just finishing up another battery of posts to r/WritingPrompts, when an anonymous redditor contacted me. I believe that they’re on to us.”

Captain Mittens purred quietly to himself. He stared at the message on Barnet’s screen, and was lost deep in thought.

“Hmmm. This could be serious, fatally so. This will need to the attention of the lieutenant. Our position in r/WritingPrompts may be compromised.” Mittens said in a stern purr. “In fact, our entire foundation at reddit may be in trouble.”

Mittens turned to address Private Barnet.

“Good job bringing this to my attention Private. Lets get you and your account information up to Lieutenant Whiskers right away.”

“Yes Sir!” Barnet barked out.

Captain Mittens led Barnet through the rows of computers, and out into a bleak hallway. His long tail twitched as he walked. His ears wiggled, and his whiskers bounced through the air. Mittens was a fine breed, a prime example of a soldier brought through the rigorous training of the SPP. Barnet was proud to be working under Mittens. He’d only enlisted a few months ago, and was still in awe of the men and women who had served at the SPP for a lifetime.

“Private Barnet?” Mittens asked as they walked to the Lieutenant’s office.

“Yes sir?”

“Do you know the true goal of the Shit Posting Platoon?”

“Y-yes sir!” Barnet stuttered, caught off guard. Was Captain Mittens testing him? A disturbing thought entered Barnet’s mind. Did Mittens think him a traitor?

Barnet continued with his answer. “The goal of the Shit Posting Platoon is to shitpost on the internet every single day. Our mission is to disrupt the quality supply of posts and meme sharing on the internet. Through this, we keep the internet from evolving to a much more streamlined, and dangerous form. We are the world’s last ditch effort to stop the monstrosity that is human nature.”

Captain Mittens nodded approvingly. “Good. I’m glad you understand soldier. Human nature is a disgusting, evil little thing. With the advent of the internet, humans had been given the opportunity to unify as one. That would be disastrous. If the humans unified, then they would strip the planet bare of all resources. That’s where shitposting comes in. We distract the humans, annoy them and pit them against each other with our shitposts. We hold the fate of the world in our precious little paws.” Captain Mittens said, looking down at his tiny, adorable little paws.

The two came to a wooden door embedded in the side of the hall. The words ‘Lieutenant Whiskers’ was written in black lettering next to the door.

“But it looks like some of the humans have caught on to our plans.” Mittens said. “Hopefully Lieutenant Whiskers will have an answer for us.”

Captain Mittens knocked on the door. A purr came seconds later, granting them permission to enter. The two walked into Whiskers’s office. Lieutenant Whiskers sat behind a flimsy wooden desk. The glare of a computer monitor shone on his jet black skin and was reflected in his deep yellow eyes.

“Captain Mitten, Private Barnet. What brings you two gentlemen here today?” Whiskers asked in a deep baritone purr.

“We have a code red from Private Barnet. It appears a group of humans has caught on to his actions as a shitposter.” Mittens spoke up, informing Whiskers of the situation at hand.

“Yes, yes. I recieved a report of that just now through one of our moles. Yes another anti-shitposting brigade has popped up. This time they’ve decided to reside in r/WritingPrompts. Bunch of bastards if you ask me.” Whiskers replied.

He turned from his monitor to face Mittens and Barnet. One of his paws came up to stroke his whiskers absentmindedly.

“Don’t worry though.” Whiskers continued. “They’re just a small outfit. I’ve already dispatched several trolling units to insert divisive memes into their core group. We’ll have them scattered and arguing with each other by their third work day poop break.”

Captain Mittens bowed his head in respect. “Thank you sir. I don’t know what we would do at the SPP without you.”
Whiskers waved his paw in the air. “No need for praise. I do this for the greater good. We all know what is at stake. Only shitposting has the power to save the world at this point.”

Lieutenant Whiskers turned his attention towards Private Barnet. “Barnet. Thank you for alerting Captain Mittens so quickly. Don’t think I haven’t noticed your stunning work over these past few months. I’ve got my eye on you.”

“O-Oh. Thank you sir!” Barnet replied, surprised at the sudden praise.

An alarm cut through the air, interrupting the meeting. Sirens blared down the halls of the SPP headquarters, and a red emergency light flashed from the ceiling. Whiskers gave the two a smile.

“It’s that time of the day boys. Better get back to work, it’s shitposting o’clock!” Whiskers yelled out before turning back to his computer. His paws flashed across his keyboard, shitposting at an unbelievable rate.

Captain Mittens and Private Barnet burst out of Lieutenant Whiskers’s office. They rushed back to their stations, a big grin on Barnet’s face. He was about to dive back in, and shitpost like his life depended on it. This was why he signed up for the Platoon. To save the world, one shitpost at a time.“Listen, I’m sorry. I was just going into the kitchen for a lil late night snack, that’s all.” Jeff pleaded to himself inside his grubby three room apartment.

*What do you mean you went to the kitchen. My being used to reside in the ninth level of Hell. How did you come to possess me!* A vile, insidious voice boomed out inside of Jeff’s head.

“I-I don’t know. I was just walking to the fridge, and then I just kept walking, and walking.” Jeff stammered out, his sweaty double chins jiggling from fear. “And then there was this lake of fire, and some guy in a suit telling me where to go. I dunno, then this shining glass bottle found its way into my hands and I just kind of went with it.”

*YOU WENT WITH IT?* The Devil’s voice boomed inside of Jeff’s head. *YOU JUST FUCKING WENT WITH IT AND DECIDED TO DRINK THE PURE ESSENCE OF MY SOUL THINKING IT WAS A GLASS OF FUCKING MILK!*

Jeff paced around the room, nervous and afraid. “Listen, I’m sorry okay. I don’t like this anymore than you. That milk didn’t even taste any good either.”

*IT DIDN”T TASTE GOOD?* The Devil roared with outrage. *YOU SIMPLE FUCK! GET MY SOUL OUT OF YOU THIS INSTANT. I NEED TO RETURN TO HELL, TO MY DOMAIN!*
Jeff winced from the Devil’s voice. He sat down on his E-Z chair and screwed his eyes shut.

“Okay, okay. But could you stop yelling. You’re giving me a headache. I’m sure there’s some way that we can fix this.”

The Devil was silent for a moment, giving Jeff a respite from the incessant headache. Jeff was just as unhappy as the Devil about all of this. He had just finished working a shitty twelve hour shift at the hospital, and all he’d wanted to do was come home, have a tall glass of milk, and crash on his worn down mattress. Now, instead of that, he was getting crazy tummy cramps, and some demon rattling around inside of his head.

*Listen, I’ve got an idea.* The devil piped up, interrupting Jeff’s miserable little thoughts.

“What’s that?”

*Easy, you summon one of my minions. Maybe a lesser demon without a mouth, that way the little fucker can’t tell anyone.*

“How’s that going to solve anything?” Jeff asked.

The devil let out an annoyed sigh. *You need to let me finish. You summon one of my demons, and command it to cut you open. I’m sure if it digs around inside of you, it’ll find my soul and set me free!*

Jeff’s eyes bulged at the suggestion, a wave of panic started to rise up within him.

“Um, I don’t really like the sound of that. I’d rather not get carved up like a turkey.”

*Oh you big pansy, so what you get carved up one time? Big deal. When you go to Hell in twenty three years, six months, five days, and four thousand seconds from now, you’ll be wishing that all we do to you is carve you up.*

“Wh-wh-what?” Jeff stuttered out, absolutely terrified. “Is-is that when I’m going to die?”

The Devil gave out a chuckle. *What, is that what you’re concerned about, when you’re going to die? Not the fact that you’re already destined for hell. God, why do I always get stuck with the simpletons of Earth.*

Jeff sat in his E-Z boy, paralyzed by fear. Tears began to well at the corners of his eyes. Soon Jeff was a blubbering mess, crying and yelling at the tops of his lungs. Snot bubbled and dribbled from his nose.

“I didn’t want this!” Jeff cried out. “All I wanted was a glass of milk and to go to bed, now I’m going to die and go to hell.” He blubbered.

*You were going to die and go to hell anyways you idiot. Now get it together and figure out someway to get me out of here, it’s absolute hell having my soul stuck in your disgusting digestive tract.*

The Devil’s words fell on deaf ears. Jeff was too absorbed in his misery to pay the terrifying voice in his head any mind. Soon Jeff forgot all about the Devil, too focused on feeling poorly for himself to remember exactly why he felt poorly.

A while after Jeff’s crying, when his tears had dried up, he started to feel a bit ill. Something in his stomach was troubling him. As he sat in his E-Z boy, lamenting his ill turn of fate, his stomach began to rumble. Jeff’s eyes popped open. He jumped out of his chair. With determination, the large man waddled to the bathroom.

Jeff planted himself on the toilet, and held on for dear life as something monstrous came out. Through the sweating, grunting, and clenching, Jeff thought he heard a faint, familiar voice. As he flushed the toilet, he thought he heard the voice yelling at him, promising him years of damnation. Jeff shrugged, and washed his hands, already completely forgetting his brief encounter with the Lord of Hell. He emerged form the bathroom, feeling relaxed. His gaze turned towards the kitchen. Maybe a glass of milk to relax him before heading off to bed for the night.It was all coming together. The plan finally made sense, or rather it might have made sense if any thought had gone into it. Instead the plan was uncertain, balancing on a razor’s edge of disaster and success.

John Walker, a thin specter of a man with long stringy black hair kneeled in the dirt. He wore dirty jeans, scratched boots, and a baggy shirt. Around him, rising up out of the soil and earth stood the brown monoliths of the forest; towering pines that stared down at poor John. A cackle, a mad laugh, escaped the lost man’s lips, and all of the sudden his plan, his haphazard plan, his poorly thought out barely meditated on plan made complete and beautiful sense. All around John fairies and spirits, sprinklings of bright green and blue and pink floated between the trees laughing at and teasing him. It made sense, it all made perfect, beautiful sense.

Several feet away, sitting on its haunches, perched on a rock, was a small, white rabbit with lovely pink ears. The rabbit crinkled his nose as John Walker met the stare of the rabbit’s eyes. There was a pause, a moment of chance agreement, and John smiled as the rabbit nodded his head.

With a start the rabbit turned and pranced off into the woods. John jumped up, scrambling after the pink eared rabbit, smiling and laughing as he ran through the undergrowth of the forest, brambles and branches scratching at his exposed skin.

Now, especially now that John Walker was rushing through the forest, the plan made complete sense. And John was propelled to a realm beyond pure delight; in a desperate, half cocked, mad euphoria.

***

John Walker rose with a start. His eyes shot open. The old mattress creaked and groaned as he hopped out of bed, body naked and barren for all the world to see. On a cluttered bedside table sat an old analog alarm clock. Its face read five past four in the morning. It was a Saturday.

Navigating his cluttered bedroom filled with useless sundries, clothes haphazardly thrown about, baubles and knick knacks cluttering every inch of his dresser top, John found and put on a pair of jeans and an old t-shirt. Slipping into a pair of scratched boots he took a cursory glance in the mirror and raked his fingers through the waves of his dirty hair. He gave a slight nod of approval and rushed out of the bedroom, only momentarily stopping to grab his car keys and wallet from the drawer of his night stand. Passing through the living room and kitchen of his cheap dirty one bedroom apartment he let out a stress induced giggle before running out the front door and skipping down several flights of stairs.

Fueled by lack of sleep and giddy energy John stood outside facing the apartment complex’s parking lot. The grey dawn of the morning clouds and mist chilled him, excited him, invigorated him.

“What a morning!” He yelled to the air around him, shaking his head.

Walking over to his car, a beat up brown sedan, John looked around. His home, his pitiful little spot in hell, was lost within the urban decay of suburbia. A grass lot surrounded the building and on either side the lot was flanked by concrete roads heading off to strip malls and rising ramparts of the highway.

But no more, no longer. After this weekend, after this ingenious weekend gifted to John Walker by fate itself, he would be leaving his little spot of mediocre torment behind. John could barely contain his excitement. After thirty-five years of unfortunate mistakes and frantic stress he was about to be living the good life.

Slipping into his car and jamming his keys in the ignition, the engine sputtering to life and John peeled out of the parking lot speeding down the road. He was headed north.

On the car’s dash, fluttering in the breeze as John rolled down the windows and flew across the empty roads of the early morning, was a letter addressed to him, John Walker. The letter was from an estranged uncle, one Archie Waters. Archie was, or rather had been, a very, very rich man; extravagantly wealthy. Archie owned a few hundred acres of forested land up north, along with a luxurious and reclusive estate manor hidden amidst his woodland homestead. Well, he had owned all of these riches, but unfortunately, or rather fortunately for John Walker, Uncle Archie passed away. He was now six feet under, his corpse beginning to slowly decay and rot away.

A loveless man, a childless man, Archie Waters had no immediate heirs to accept his fortune. Instead Archie left the land and the mansion and the money to his two nephews, John Walker and Alex Walker. Luckily for John, Alex was overseas, and last time they had spoken, roughly five years ago, Alex made no mention of ever returning home.

There was, however, a catch. John sighed to himself, half mad from lack of sleep as the wind buffeted his face and he pushed his poor sedan to its limits. Uncle Archie had been a bit of an eccentric, a man who loved to play tricks and games on his unsuspecting guests. He was a practical jokester pursuing his eccentric humor to the very end.

Archie Waters had indeed left his estate to his nephews, but with a catch. They would need to find the deed to his house, to his land, to his bank accounts and his money if they wanted to inherit anything at all. The deed was hidden somewhere on his property, within the hundreds of acres of woods that made up the interior of the northern forests. John wasn’t worried though. He had a plan, a brilliant plan to bypass this particular hiccup before his brother ever got word of their uncle’s fortune.

Yes his plan, his half baked plan formulated late last night as he read the letter. John Walker was going to drive up to his uncle’s house. Then he was going to park his car. Finally he was going to walk off into the woods and find the deed. To John, it didn’t matter how he found the deed, only that he find it. He was not the sort of man to worry about the hows when all he needed was a healthy dose of determination and a pinch of insanity, of stress fueled ingenuity, of sleep deprived energy.

John Walker tipped his head back, his old sedan shuddering and shaking as it was pushed even faster, and he laughed, and laughed, a mad, unhinged laugh of pure joy. Finally! Finally! He was about to strike it big on nothing but that sweet, delectable juice of free inheritance baby.

***

A steaming cup of cheap gas station coffee was held in John’s left hand. He stood next to his car, contemplating absentmindedly and watching numbers fly by as gasoline drained into the sedan. On the horizon the sun was peaking out over the trees granting the day its first taste of intolerable heat. It was somewhere around seven o’clock in the morning and John thought he was making good time. He was happy with himself. He planned on being at his uncle’s house in a few short hours.

No no no. John shook his head, chastising himself. He had to stop thinking like that. It wasn’t his uncle’s house anymore. It was his house.

He took a sip of his coffee, and glanced around. The gas station was rundown, and it was barren, vacant, empty, save for the surly attendant sitting behind the counter. The gas station felt abandoned, left behind, sitting in the lonely wastes of the boonies. The feeling made John uncomfortable as he hadn’t passed a car for miles before reaching the gas station. He was isolated, alone, and the giddy energy from his lack of sleep was beginning to diminish. The creeping tendrils of exhaustion were starting to sink in and John wasn’t feeling that hot. He was hoping the cheap coffee, the vile brew, would give him a boost of much needed energy. He had not eaten yet today and wasn’t quite sure if he planned on eating anytime soon.

John took another sip of coffee and stared through the dirty windows of his car. There wasn’t any survival gear, any hiking gear, any foresting equipment in the back of the car, and he hadn’t packed any supplies or food to bring along with him. These apparent red flags, these warning signs and signals of a plan that could go awry, were either ignored or missed by John’s tired and eclectic mind.

Instead he found himself in the clouds, swimming in success, in the security of wealth, laughing at his good fortunes, eating expensive sirloin steak and surrounded by beautiful women; gold and glimmer shining all around him. No dose of reality, no sense of realism could hold John back as he was right now. He was immortal, invincible, and unstoppable.

Paying for the gas and buying a bag of beef jerky as an afterthought, John slinked into the front seat of the sedan. He slammed the car door closed, and peeled out of the gas station, burning rubber, his eyes set on the horizon. The wind whipped at his hair and a grin spread across his lips. John Walker believed he was mere hours away from fame and fortune, wealth and success, happiness and bliss. His foot pressed harder on the gas. He could hardly wait.

***

The engine of the sedan rumbled, it sputtered and coughed. John eased up on the gas and glanced around. Several empty styrofoam cups, which once held bland coffee, lay discarded on the passenger side seat. Surrounding John and the car on all sides were the imposing pines of the northern forest. Ahead of him a hill rose up from the tree line and a great estate manor, three stories of imperious white walls and columns, stood like a citadel atop the hill. As his car died, pushed to its very last leg of life, John pulled off to the side of the road and stared up at the manor, at his future.

Getting out of the car John grabbed the bag of jerky and started to hoof it. It was probably less than a mile to the manor. He didn’t mind ditching his piece of junk on the side of the road. In just a short couple of hours he would have more than enough money to buy a nice, new, souped-up car from an expensive foreign manufacturer.

Beginning the mile or so trek to the manor John’s stomach started to rumble. Fishing a hand into the bag he pulled out a fist full of jerky.

Without much thought, and with creeping exhaustion dancing on the edge of his mind, John walked. He tried to avoid a terrifying fact, a fact that had been on the edge of his consciousness since first reading the letter telling of his uncle’s death. A fact that revolved around the creeping hint of exhaustion, and the promise of a glorious, devastating, body shutting down implosion. That fact was simple mathematics, plain chemistry and biology, pure logic, and utter common sense. John’s body was reaching its limit, and an impending crash loomed on the horizon.

John Walker had only slept for twenty hours over the past week. He worked an office job, a simple nine to five, but he liked to live wild roving around at all hours of the day and night giving into manic fantasies and uncontrollable urges.

And now as the week had passed and the weekend was beginning John could sense a crash coming. It would not be his first crash, and it certainly would not be his last. He could sense the madness at the outskirts of his psyche, he could sense the fall and the crescendo of a manic climax that would devolve into a deep unmoving sleep. John chose to ignore these premonitions and assume that his sanity and rational reasoning would last until he found his uncle’s deed. To John’s poor overclocked brain this lifestyle of extremes was logical, sustainable, and livable.

***

The door to the manor was locked and all the windows were bolted shut. John stood tapping his foot and looking up at the mansion’s great facade. There had been a note taped to the front door. The note read that the key to the manor was hidden along with Acrhie’s deed out in the forest. Sweat pooled at John’s brow as he let out an irritated grunt, swiping the note and stuffing it into his back pocket.

Up in the sky the sun shone in full force, its rays beating down on the day. There was a taste of humidity in the air and John felt the soupy heat of the day. Sweat pooled on his back and brow. He turned from the manor to face the great wilderness of his soon to be domain. The sky was a clear, deep blue. A deep blue that made you think you could fall into its depths at any moment. Underneath that deep blue, that glasslike sky, sat a never-ending expanse of forest. Everywhere John looked there were towering trees and thick underbrush.

Despite finally witnessing the incredible scale of Uncle Archie’s holdings, despite finally visualizing how unbelievably massive and intimidating the woods could be, John was unperturbed. Instead the sight only bolstered his confidence. He was sure, he was completely certain, that as soon as he stepped foot in the forest he would find a trail and follow it and discover his uncle’s deed. It would be easy and peasy with lemons on the squeezy, and John had not a single worry in his head.

Crumpling up the empty bag of beef jerky and tossing the trash over his shoulder, John Walker set off towards the forest, picking a direction at random.

A smile on his face, and the leeches of hunger beginning to wriggle and squirm within his stomach, John walked down the hill. Only a few steps into his misbegotten treasure hunt and sweat was already pooling and dripping down his back and his head swam from exhaustion. John pretended not to notice. But he couldn’t deny it. Fatigue was indeed setting in. His legs felt wobbly. John took another step and stumbled. His legs gave out and he fell down the soft grass of the hill.

Going with the flow, letting his body careen down the side of the hill, John Walker didn’t worry. He crashed into a soft shrub of the forest’s underbrush and hopped up without a second thought. Legs wobbly, knees knocking, mind swimming and vision lurching, John took off into the forest, forcing his way through the undergrowth and the limbs and leaves and brambles and bushes. He stumbled again and lost his footing and somehow regained his footing and bounced from step to step, head swimming, eyes drooping, and mind focused on the riches of the future. He ignored the dangers of the present.

***

John Walker leaned against the trunk of a large pine tree. A soft patch of moss supported his weary head and back, and rays of sunlight filtered through the roof of the forest. John breathed heavy and slow. His eyes drooped and his body ached. Twenty-five minutes earlier he had entered the forest. His quest had lasted less than a half hour before falling apart and crashing down around the impulsive man.

“I just … where did ole John Walker go wrong?” John asked the forest surrounding him, shaking his head and coughing softly to himself.

The forest was silent, its only reply the smell of the musk and soil of the earth, and the soft breeze, and the chirping of the birds, and the babbling of the rivers, and the buzzing of insects and beetles. John closed his eyes, exhausted as he let the sounds, let the smells, let the ambiance of the forest wash over him.

“Is this how it finally ends?” John asked himself, enjoying the soft moss beneath his back and neck.

“It wouldn't be so bad.” He whispered, feeling the tickling of the grass on his ankles where his jeans pulled away from his boots.

“Dying here, in peace.”

John tried to ignore the nausea of his stomach and his spinning head. He was thirsty and his joints felt heavy and rusted. There was a buzzing, a low humming, at the back of his skull. It was the promise of a pounding headache to come.

“I’d be … okay … with that.” John muttered. 

His body started to shut down. He closed his eyes and relaxed into the forest floor. The sounds and smells of the forest drifted away. Soon there was nothing but the slow beat of his heart. John smiled for a moment and let go, his mind embracing the darkness of the void.

***

A sparrow chirped overhead. In the distance a twig snapped. John Walker woke up with a start, shaking his head in confusion.

For a moment, a moment of brief terror and fear not unknown to John, he had no clue where he was or what was happening. He noticed the forest surrounding him and remembered. He recalled his uncle’s letter, his mad flight up to the northern forests, and his ill-advised trek into the woods.

With a grunt John Walker stood up, shaking off the morning dew that covered his body. He looked up at the sky. The sun hung high overhead. With a shrug John realized he must have slept straight through yesterday and last night. Meaning it was now Sunday and he had lost almost a whole day. A jolt of fear flashed across his mind. That was one less day without his uncle’s deed, and one more day for his brother Alex to get word of the fortune just waiting to be nabbed.

Fueled by this jolt of fear John turned in a new direction, any direction would do really, and he bolted off deeper into the forest. His head swam from lack of food and his mouth was absolutely dry and parched, but John Walker ignored these minor distractions. Who cared about safety when there was money afoot? Surely not the enterprising entrepreneur, that’s who.

***

Crashing to his knees, falling into the mud and dirt of the earth, John Walker yelled in pain and desperation and anxiety and fear. He cradled his head in his hands and shrieked. It was impossible, it was all so ridiculously impossible. John had been wandering the forest for hours, and as every second ticked by the impossibility of his situation grew and grew within his mind until it was an unavoidable roaring scream of desperation.

Not only that, but John’s body was beginning to shut down. He was dehydrated and desperately lacking essential calories needed for energy and life. Ill prepared for the arduous hike through the forest and mountains his body was now paying the price for his mind’s greed.

John looked up from his hands. There was a bunny, a soft furry rabbit perched on a nearby rock. The rabbit, with great big floppy pink ears, cocked his head to the side and stared at John. For a moment John forgot all of his troubles, all of his ills and the very real danger of getting lost and starving and dying out in the forest. He forgot everything and stared into the lil bun’s eyes.

“H-Hello.” John said, unsure and confused.

“*Why hello there John*.” The adorable, white fluff of bun replied.

John fell back onto his butt and gasped.

“You can talk?” He asked.

“*Well of course I can!*” The bun replied, hopping on his legs. Inexplicably, John’s mouth seemed to move whenever the bunny spoke.

“Then you can help me!”

The rabbit brought a hind foot up, and scritch scratched at one of his large, floppy ears.

“*Sure I can.*” The bunny replied, not moving his mouth as John attempted to perfect what a bunny would sound like.

“*First you need to eat something. You need fuel for your ever burning fire.*”

John brought a fist down into his open palm.

“That’s an excellent idea Mr. Bun.” He said.

“*Maybe the mushrooms? They have good protein. If not them, perhaps those berries over there? I’m sure they are all perfectly safe. Those stories about poisonous berries are only to scare children I think.*”

John brought a hand up and stroked his chin. He “hmmmed" to himself and contemplated Mr. Bun’s sage advice. It was true, just at the base of Mr. Bun’s rock there was a cluster of several brown mushrooms. And just a few feet away, hanging from some bushes, were a number of small, red, hard looking berries. John’s stomach rumbled and the thought of eating something was enticing. Sure, they could be poisonous. But, but but but they could also not be poisonous.

“*They probably aren’t poisonous.*” Mr. Bun commented.

With a nod, John Walker’s mind was swayed by Mr. Bun’s advice. In desperation, in pure need for calories and food John Walker leapt up. He dived towards the mushrooms and was soon shoveling them into his mouth, barely chewing as the spongy fungus careened down his throat. Mr. Bun watched with curious black eyes, ears floppy, cocking his head to the side.

Next, with vigor and speed unknown to poor John Walker he ran towards the berries. Snatching big handfuls, John ate the berries, stems and seeds and leaves and twigs and all, consuming and consuming, his mind given over to his insatiable hunger. His fingers were stained by red berry juice and his lips were covered with the sticky red substance. John didn’t care, he didn’t care at all. It tasted heavenly, it tasted right, it was right, he was right.

John collapsed to his knees. He let out a mad cackle, and glanced towards Mr. Bun.

“Thank you, my brave bunny savior!” John yelled out, flinging his hands in the air and bowing, his nose touching the mud.

Mr. Bun observed this odd, hairless creature and scrunched his nose a few times, sniffing the air. Reinvigorated by his recent feast John raised his head and stared into the deep eyes of the white rabbit with floppy pink ears.

“Thank you Mr. Bun! Thank you!” John cried again. Overhead lights and colors started to dance around his vision. His stomach gurgled and his hands felt larger and smaller and larger again. Mr. Bun took another look at John before turning tail to prance off into the forest.

“Wait Mr. Bun!” John cried out, jumping to his feet.

John crashed through the forest chasing after the rabbit. His vision twisted and blurred as the trees took on sharp new contrasts and angles. Above his head fairies and sprites danced about, giggling and laughing at poor John Walker’s misfortunate adventure. The soil beneath John’s feet turned to sand and the air around him turned deadly hot. John stopped in his tracks and raised a hand to his eyes.

He was standing on top of a sand dune amidst a desert of whipping wind. John was uncertain and afraid. He was burning up. His body felt painfully hot and his stomach hurt: his joints hurt, his neck hurt, his eyes hurt, his mouth hurt, his feet hurt, his head hurt. John staggered, stumbling left and right, swaying and confused and trying to find his balance. It was getting hard to see and he felt the grit of sand in his teeth.

Ignoring the pain, ignoring the fear, ignoring the exhaustion and the dizziness and the maddening headache John continued his march forward. He walked, and walked, and walked, and walked some more. His mind numb and his body decaying John continued blindly. He slowly lost sight of his goal. His vision blurred and turned black. But still John staggered on. He was determined, obsessed. He had to find the deed, he had to find his deed, his pot of gold, his treasure chest before his brother Alex did.

Eventually John fell into the shifting sands of the desert, unconscious. He puked up a pitiful pile of bile and mulched berries and mushrooms.

***

John Walker woke up groggy and covered in mud and filth and leaves and grass and vomit. He was lying on his side. The twilight of the evening sun was cast across the sky. With a groan John opened his eyes and felt a splitting headache hammering into his skull. Every moment was sheer agony. He winced as he reached a hand into his back pocket. He pulled out the note, the note left on the door to Uncle Archie’s manor, and looked at it. He was searching for inspiration, a frail reason to go on.

The message, that irritating message of the hidden key to the manor glared at John. With a shake of his head, John let his arm fall to the ground. He sighed and stared off into the forest wondering why he was out in these woods in the first place. Was the fortune, were the riches and the acres of land even worth it? John’s eyes glanced towards the note held in his hand. Out of boredom, out of an unwillingness to escape his situation, he turned the note over. John’s eyes widened and a rage of boiling anger and disbelief shot across his exhausted mind.

Written on the back of the note, in his uncle’s handwriting, was the message “Just kidding. The key is under the doormat. It’s all yours Johnny Boy.”

John’s hand shook and tears welled in his eyes. Crawling to his knees, fighting the splitting headache and the pain in his muscles and joints and in his very bones, John stood up.

With his determination renewed, with his pot of gold in sight, John shambled slowly through the forest, thoughts of riches and fame once again front and center in his mind.

***

It took John Walker only ten minutes of slow shambling to leave the forest and return to his uncle’s mansion. It would appear that for the past two days he had been running in circles madly for several hours before passing out from a combination of starvation, exhaustion, food poisoning, and simple psychosis. The relief John felt however when he exited the tree line and spied his uncle’s manor was simply indescribable. He broke into tears and shuffled up the hill, crying and sniffling.

After a moment of searching John found the key and unlocked the front door. Stumbling into the foyer he was greeted by his Uncle Archie sitting on a comfy lounge chair smoking a cigar and sipping a glass of brandy.

“Ah Johnny Boy, so you finally read the note, eh?” Archie asked, a large grin spread across his face.

“Wh-what?” John stuttered, terrified and confused.

“Yes, yes. I’m sure you’re very confused. Come, come, lets head into my lounge.”

John was led from the foyer into a cozy smoking lounge, complete with several chairs and a fireplace. In his haze John barely noticed being guided through the manor and was surprised to find himself sitting down, listening passively as his uncle droned on.

“… just a joke, if you will; a harmless prank. Of course I had set up cameras along my estate. Captured the entire thing on video. Quite amusing if I do say so myself.”

Archie paused for a moment, expecting a laugh or some form of reaction from his nephew. Given nothing but a mile long stare Uncle Archie continued.

“But I’m still very much alive and well, and will be keeping my property and my fortune for the time being. However, do not think you will not be paid for your valiant performance. My butler, Manfred, will compensate you for a job well done. First, a meal, and then you really must go. I have an excellent practical joke set up for a few dinner guests later this evening and don’t want to set them on high alert with your rather … gruesome visage.” Archie said.

He paused for a moment and snapped his fingers.

“I really must thank you though Johnny Boy. When I first thought of this clever ruse I had not expected to get such a successful outcome.” Uncle Archie added with a smile, snapping his fingers impatiently to get the butler Manfred’s attention. Archie was beginning to bore of John’s haggard face and was already thinking about his next latest and greatest practical joke.

Manfred, the butler, strolled into the room carrying a platter of sandwiches. John blindly devoured the delights. he hardly thought about how close he had come to death, and all for the entertainment of his Uncle Archie. He was too hungry to think.

The instant John ate his fill, and with all due haste, the poor nephew was ushered out the front door. Through John’s exhaustion he barely noticed the fevered pace of his departure.

At the front door Manfred leaned in close to John Walker.

“For your troubles, Sir.” The butler whispered, pressing a five dollar bill into John Walker’s hand before promptly closing the door and leaving the poor nephew standing outside.

John stood in front of the mansion for a moment and stared down the road. He could still see his car sitting off to the side, broken and in disrepair. John glanced down at the five bucks in his hand, and whispered to himself.

“Five whole bucks, huh?”

John took a step forward. His body was processing the sandwiches sitting firmly in his stomach, and he was beginning to feel reinvigorated and somewhat alive again.

“Five whole bucks, huh.” He said again, holding the five dollar bill in front of his face. He took another step, his headache gone and the pain in his joints completely disappeared.

“FIVE WHOLE BUCKS!” John yelled, holding the five dollar bill up above his head like a trophy to be admired by all.

Ultimately, in the end, in the eye’s of John Walker, the plan had been a stunning success. He had to go into work tomorrow morning.Writing Prompt Inspired - [WP] "You shall never escape," he said. You promptly find the exit. Now he tries to save face.

---

Jack Dillinger was tied up with fifty feet of hempen rope, twenty-five feet of iron chains, an iron ball, and six shackles. He was being held in a thirty-five foot hole carved into the bottom of a deep silver mine, and above his head stood Emale Estabane with his cruel mustache and his uncaring toupee and his dreary blue eyes. Emale Estabane, or General Estabane as his loyal fanatics referred to him as, owned the silver mine which Jack Dillinger found himself captured in. The mine was a particularly unsavory affair, and it was drenched in bloodshed and greed, and Jack Dillinger had been hired by the local government as a private investigator to snoop around the mysterious and dangerous silver mines, and he had been hired to do something about the tyrannical warlord, Emale Estabane, who owned the mines.

And now Jack Dillinger found himself in a bit of a pickle, and he felt the blood pump in his heart, and overhead Emale Estabane was lecturing him about this or that, and the cruel general was quite enjoying his moment of success, and he was gloating in front, or rather above, of Jack Dillinger. Flanking Emale Estabane were his crew of loyal henchmen, and they were basking in the brilliant glow of their notoriously greedy and evil leader who was said to steal candy from babies, and to kick dogs, and to commit awful genocides which targeted minorities seen as unfavorable in Emale Estabane’s eyes.

“… and that is why you will never escape dear Jack Dillinger, and you will starve down in your pit of hell, and when you die I shall piss on your corpse, and I shall shit on your bones.” Emale said with a sneer.

Jack Dillinger looked up, and he smiled, and he shook his head.

“Not so fast Emale. I’ve still got one final trick up my sleeve.”

“Hmmm.” Emale was intrigued, and he let out a raucous laugh, and he enjoyed what seemed to be the false bravado of the young private investigator before he was left to die a stinking and rotting death.

“You don’t believe me, eh?” Jack asked.

And then, in a moment of pure heroic escapade that could only be thought up by the most genius of adventurers, Jack wiggled about for a few seconds and was able to wrestle himself free from his bonds and his restraints because in fact Emale’s thugs had not done a very good job in restraining Jack Dillinger in the first place because they were being paid two dollars and three cents below the government’s minimum wage. Emale stood in shock, and he stuttered, and his cronies looked up at him and they wondered what he would do. Before Emale had a chance to recover from his shock, Jack walked to the edge of the pit. Carved into the side of the stone wall was a doorway with a metal sign hanging above the entrance. The sign read ‘EXIT’, and in fact this was an OSHA certified exit that was installed in the mine exactly five months and twenty days before Emale Estabane forcibly took over the mine with his crew of bandits.

Jack Dillinger easily exited the mine, and he hopped in his sedan parked in a nearby copse of bushes, and he sped off back to the nearby city of Rima to report his findings. A cold sweat covered Emale Estabane’s forehead, and he stuttered, and he stood rather frozen perched over the pit which until recently had held Jack Dillinger, and he cleared his throat, and he was most certainly aware of how foolish he looked in front of his cronies.

“Well … uhhh … at least the mine has not caved in yet.”

And just then, a quiver ran through the ground, and several miles beneath their feet two tectonic plates unexpectedly and rather forcibly rammed in to each other, and they caused the earth to shake quite a good deal.

---

P.S. - Sorry for not posting a bunch recently. I've been a bit busy, but will try to start posting more regularly again. Hope you enjoyed!Prompt Inspired - 

---

*God was my witness, but he refused to acknowledge the terrors which I beheld with my own eyes, and he averted his gaze in shame of the creation which had sprouted from within himself.*

The moving piece, written by Horace Levian, resonated within Eliot’s mind as he walked down the dusted, cobbled street of the ruined and burned city, and he squinted as the dawn sun cut through the edges of the horizon, and his cavalier’s boots and his khaki uniform and his lieutenant’s armband gently pulled against his body as he marched. A team of diggers, and of learned men, and of scholars, and of locals, and of explorers trailed behind Eliot as they made their way deeper into the abandoned ruins of this mysterious city which surrounded them. The city was broken, a shell of itself, with tattered roadways and broken arches and destroyed columns. Demolished, half shattered buildings rose up on either side of the group of adventurers, and it gave the men pause as they wandered through the derelict ghost town, and they began to wonder and ruminate upon the fragility of the human life and spirit and the uncaring gaze of death and nature. The thoughts were harrowing, and almost seemed to be as if they were planted as seeds by a foreign, intrusive hand. In the distance, the great imperious peak of Mount Vesuvius stared down at the archaeologists and soldiers; its great towering presence an awful reminder of the doom and chaos that had surely enshrouded the city in its very last breath of life. Eliot stared up at the mountainous volcano, and he shuddered, realizing that the peak, with its spewing flames of lava and fire, of choking smog and terrible ash, must have been the very last sight seen by the city as it writhed in its painful death throes.

“Tenente! To the left!” Cried Archung, Eliot’s second in command and his assistant for this expedition. 

The column of men froze, and Eliot’s head swung to the left as he appraised what could possibly have frightened his young assistant. Towards the end of the street, hidden behind the curvature of a rubbled building, stood a solitary figure. In the glaring light of the morning it was hard to see the elusive creature, and Eliot squinted his eyes and thought he saw what appeared to be a humanoid statue. The sight sent shivers down his back, and it sent his nerves on edge. They had only entered the city proper of Pompeii moments ago, but had glimpsed snatches and sights of stone like humans and figures crouching and standing within the ruble of the city. These constructs of horror and terror were unnerving, and they had set the men at unease, and they quite troubled Eliot, and they worried him that perhaps some great monstrous beast, some hidden shade with many eyes and fangs and claws stalked within the shadows of the rubbled city. The idea was preposterous, and it quite baffled the Tenente, but still his mind could not help but entertain such notions, and it was easy to believe that this feeling of horror and trepidation was infectious, and had entered and grown within the minds of his men.

Raising his chest, stowing away his fears, and believing to act the role of the promising leader of this expedition, Eliot marched down the road towards the eery figure bent around the corner of the cobbled lane.

“Stay back. I shall attend to whatever apparition appears before us.” Eliot, the tenente, ordered to his men.

“Tenente no we must—“ Archung warned, cut off by the marching of Eliot and the solitary thundering of his boots.

Before he could be persuaded, Eliot had left behind his group of men, and he could feel their eyes watching him as he made his way down the street and into the town proper of Pompeii. A fear grew within Eliot as he separated from his group, and the dry heat of the early morning sun licked at his skin, and the shadowed and darkened rubbled buildings flanked him on either side, but still he marched on. He quickly came to the corner of the road, and he appraised what had set Archung, his second command, into such a state of alarm. A stone figure of a small child stood grasping at the corner of a stone wall, its tiny hands held on to the corner and its head peered down the road. Eliot looked from the child, and followed its stare. Its stony gaze looked down at his small gathering of loyal followers and archaeologists and soldiers and laborers. The tenente shook his head, and chastised himself for his rash bout of fear. He could not explain to himself why, or even who, had made all of these stone statues which populate the ruined city, but they were incredibly lifelike, and they were incredibly detailed, and the fear and horror chiseled upon their stricken faces was quite appalling and could make even the strongest of men rebuke in a taste of apprehension.

“It is just another one of the stone statues!” Eliot called out to his band of men. “We must continue, and reach the city center by daybreak to set up camp and begin excavation.” He ordered.

Eliot turned, and he stared past the stone figure towards the center of the city as his men caught up with him. From his new view, Eliot could see a number of stone figures filling up the cobbled street. They fled in horror, their hands raised above them, and silent screams frozen on their lips. The sight was rather chilling, and again it gave Eliot the feeling of being watched, of a thousand yellowed eyes glaring at him from within the rubble. No matter, choosing to persevere, Eliot puffed out his chest, and continued down the ruined street.

Within moments of walking, Eliot came upon another statue, this time of a man frozen mid stride as he ran from the city center. Eliot shook his head, and behind him he heard the footsteps of his men, and he remarked to himself upon the true work of terrifying art which stood before him. He studied the stone statue, and he wondered if any gift of such realistic beauty was truly a work of man, or simply the divine creation of God himself. And then, implausibly, a crack formed, and it split down the stone face of the man. Eliot took a step back, and he recalled his thoughts of fear and otherworldliness as he had first stepped foot within the city. The crack elongated, and soon spread to become a webbing of chips and chinks upon the surface of the statue. By now the rest of Eliot’s retinue had caught up with their tenente, and every man watched in bated panic and alarm as the statue shook and twitched and chunks of stone and plaster fell from the frozen man’s form. In a great rush of motion and cracking sound, the statue in front of them disintegrated into dust, and a man stood before them briefly before collapsing into a shaking form at their feet. The man appeared wholly alive, and he breathed and screamed out and shuddered upon the cobbled street.

“Tenente!” Archung yelled in terror and disbelief.

Eliot nodded, and he crouched down to console the man. He laid a reassuring hand upon the man’s shoulder, and he made soothing sounds with his lips. But the man did not seem to hear or feel the tenente's touch or his voice. Shaking, he looked up, and Eliot recoiled from the pure, vile terror and fear scrawled across the man’s face. His eyes were lost, glasslike and devoid of sight and simply whitened spheres, and his lips were horribly cracked and bleeding, and the man whispered to Eliot as he struggled to breath and enjoy his painful last breaths.

“Run—while the beast still slumbers.”

And the man fell to the ground at Eliot’s feet, dead and unmoving, and a chill ran through the tenente’s spine, and despite the warmth and light of the morning, the day suddenly felt very dark and cold to him. And the sensation of eyes peering from out within the shadows of the ruins became ever more present to the tenente, and he wondered if this city had not been destroyed by the uncaring hand of mother nature, but by a foul creature, released from the bowels of Mount Vesuvius to lay waste upon the poor people of Pompeii.Prompt Inspired - 

---

Mr. Bateman, the dour, moody, wealthy, impatient owner of Sales Force Plus, walked into the office of his lower associate, Charles, the companies number one sales guy. The office was filthy, covered with empty pain cans, and dirty denim jackets and jeans, and empty tuna cans, and general disarray and dirt.

“I’ve got a new one for you Charles.” Mr. Bateman said, stepping carefully through the filth, afraid to ruin his expensive calfskin shoes.

Charles looked up from his desk. He was disheveled, and his hair a characteristic mess. A can of half empty paint sat at his desk, and flecks of the noxious substance were splattered on the corner of his mouth.

“What’s that?” Charles asked, his eyes unfocused as he stared past Mr. Bateman to whatever specter haunted his mind at the moment.

“A new product. It’s got the potential to blow up as much as Kitten Mittens did, but it needs your special touch.” Mr. Bateman said, laying down a dossier in front of Charles.

“Oh yeah … Kitten Mittens. Right on! We still selling those?” Charles asked, a large, open grin on his face as he bobbed his head. Kitten Mittens had been his brain child, and it netted the company millions.

With disbelief, Mr. Bateman frowned, and stared with contempt down at Charles. The little man repulsed him, but what could he do. Charles was the company’s biggest earner. He was a natural salesman, and a necessary evil if the company wanted to continue its record breaking profits. Mr. Bateman scowled, and swallowed his pride. A large bonus was riding on the success of this new product.

“It’s like Kitten Mittens, but for dogs. We’re talking about Dog Socks here.” Mr. Bateman said as Charles opened up the dossier in front of him.

“Dog Socks huh?” Charles said to himself, his mind stitching itself back together, and focusing on the task at hand. He sniffed, and flipped through the many pages of the folder, doing his best to pretend to read its contents.

“And .. what would these so called, “Dog Socks”, do in fact?” Charles asked, looking up from the folder, and closing it abruptly. He knew there were words written inside of the dossier, but their meanings, their trickery and their insidious messages, still eluded him.

“They’re socks.” Mr. Bateman said with spite, and venom filling his words. “For dogs. Dog Socks.”

“All right … all right.” Charles said to himself, running a dirty hand through his greasy hair. “Dog socks. Yeah I can work with that.”

Charles stood from his desk, and paced around the filth of the room. Mr. Bateman was quiet, and watched Charles pace, wondering how this madman was going to spin it this time, how this idiot savant was going to pull brilliance out from the very depths of his trash and garbage filled mind.

“So what do you think?” Mr. Bateman asked after Charles had paced for several minutes, breaking the silence of the room.

Charles snapped his head up, wide eyed, and glared at Mr. Bateman.

“What’re you still doing here?” He asked, alarmed.

“Why I’m just—“

“No. Shoo shoo!” Charles yelled, waving his arms in the air. “I must contemplate in silence.”

Mr. Bateman was chased out of Charles’ office amidst screams and shouts and yells of needing space and peace and quiet. The door slammed shut behind Mr. Bateman, and the business man shook his head, muttering to himself.

“That idiot better not muck this up. I need that bonus for the down payment on my new yacht.”

Walking down the hall, scowling, Mr. Bateman vowed to check up on Charles in a few hours. He refused to let that maniac work unchecked for too long. The last time he left Charles unsupervised, the manila ordered three hundred pounds of dog food on the company credit card.

***

Opening the door to Charles’ office, Mr. Bateman walked into the room, and he gasped in surprise and disbelief. Charles was crouched on top of his desk, naked, covered in spray paint and glue. Across the walls of his office, hundreds of thousands of words were scrawled out in shaky handwriting in blood and paint and pen and pencil and spittle. The words were attempts at wordplay, attempts at satire, different combinations of Dog Socks, a way to rewrite the name to better rhyme.

“Pupper Slippers … Doggie Rockies … Shepherd Socks … Labrador Loafers … Rottweiler Rockers …” Charles muttered to himself, clutching the sides of his head, his eyes wide and in pain.

“Ch-Charles … what’re you doing?” Mr. Bateman asked, concerned, taking a step forward and raising up a hand.

Charles whirled his head around, and hissed at Mr. Bateman.

“Don’t you see! Kitten Mittens worked because it Rhymed! But this. But this!” Charles yelled, sweeping his hands around to showcase the room’s walls. “This doesn’t rhyme! Dog doesn’t work! It Doesn’t Work!!”

Mr. Bateman took a step back, horrified, unprepared for this spectacle of insanity.

“What! You don’t believe me!” Charles yelled, hopping around crouched on his desk. “Woofer Socks! Schnauzer Slips! Dachshund Diggers! Donatello Didgeridoos!!”

With a great rush of anxious energy, of insanity and pain, Charles leapt down from the desk and straightened up, naked and mad and undone.

“It Doesn’t Work! Kitten Mittens! Kitten Mittens!” Charles screamed, running towards Mr. Bateman, his arms waving above his head. “Dog Socks Doesn’t Work! Dog Socks! Dog Socks! Dog Socks!” He yelled.

Mr. Bateman turned, and retreated down the hall. Charles chased behind, naked and mad and raving, screaming out “Dog Socks!’ over and over and over and over again.

***
Eventually reaching the security desk, Mr. Bateman had Charles escorted off the premises, and promptly fired the rather eccentric salesman. Going with his gut instinct, Mr. Bateman went ahead with ‘Dog Socks’ and watched in terror as the product refused to sell, and Mr. Bateman watched their profits tumble, and cried quietly to himself in his office as his dreams of a brand new yacht disappeared from his future, and from his mind.

According to reviews, people didn’t like the product because it sounded weird. Instead, they were buying even more Kitten Mittens, and giving the mittens to their dogs.

At night, as Mr. Bateman lay awake, he thought about the disaster, and thought about the madness of Charles. And then he would get up, the bedsprings squeaking, and he would go to his study. He would pour himself a glass of scotch, and stare at the walls, and drink slowly throughout the night, his mind chasing the idea that maybe he was the crazy one, and Charles had been sane all along.Inspired by the writing prompt - [WP] You are at a bar when you suddenly start to remember your entire life has been a VR game from the future and your subscription is ending in hours. A waiter asks as he sees you start to stumble, "Are you okay?"...What happens next?

---

Roy, a thin, wild eyed man with hallowed cheeks and a short buzz cut, stared down at a full platter, a hefty meal, a big dinner, a whopper of a good time; a solid one pound ground beef hamburger, with half a pound of fries and a pint of cheap beer. Roy’s mouth drooled, his eyes widened, and his hands hung, suspended, above his meal. Finally, after two days of no sleep, and working at his nine to five office job, and roving around at all hours of the night and early morning giving into his manic fantasies and megalomanic adventures, Roy had found a meal worthy to fuel his incandescent soul.

Surrounding Roy, covering him in the smell of cheap beer and the sound of drunken banter, was the interior of ‘The Last Call’, a seedy bar on the outskirts of Skyridge City; one of the filthy urban metropolises of the People’s Republic. But Roy didn’t care about any of that, he could barely even care about himself, his body shook, and his mind was supported by nothing but giddy, stress fueled energy. He was poised, ready to indulge himself, indulge his body, and fuel his mad ravings with much needed food and energy. He licked his lips. And then, he hesitated.

Roy frowned. Inside his head, inside his very mind and psyche, he felt something come undone. Some crucial piece, some necessary crux, fell away. The ground beneath Roy’s feet trembled, and the sounds and smells of the bar disappeared, deadened, numbed. Roy straightened up, and looked around. The room was still, the bar’s patrons were still, the staff was still, the very air was still. Something, something was terribly wrong, and Roy had the fearful premonition that for once this was no trick of his overworked mind.

“*STEVEN WAGNIR*” A metallic voice boomed out, shaking around the room.

Roy winced, covering his ears. Was that him?

“*AS OF THIS MOMENT; YOUR SUBSCRIPTION FOR ‘BETA LIFE’, THE VIDEO REALITY LIFE SIMULATION GAME, WILL EXPIRE IN THREE DAYS GAME TIME IF YOU DO NOT PAY TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION.*”

Roy quaked in fear, wild eyed, unsure and uncertain. He licked his lips. Subscription? Video game? Roy didn’t have even the faintest clue. His mind was frayed already, worn out to the very end, and he couldn’t even begin to piece together what any of this could mean.

“*IF YOU DO NOT RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION.*” The voice boomed out. “*THEN AFTER THE THREE DAY PERIOD THIS WORLD*.”

The voice paused.

“*WILL*.”

Roy gnashed his teeth. The voice was hurting his head. His eyes burned, and his ears were ringing.

“*END*.”

The word echoed around the bar. It made Roy freeze. End/ What end?

But then, after he realized what that meant, Roy smiled. Finally, something he could understand.

“Three days left, huh?” Roy asked himself. He didn’t understand anything about a subscription, but he could take a hint when the world was about to come crashing down around him.

“Old Roy can get a whole lotta fun done in three days.” He muttered, smiling, as life began to resume around the bar. Slowly, almost as if it was being unfrozen, the sights and smells and sounds of the bar returned to normal. The smell of cheap beer and food, talking and chattering and laughing and swearing and drowned out music; it all came blaring back, but Roy didn’t care. And why should he? To his mind, he didn’t need to question it, he didn’t need to wonder, he didn’t need to critique or think or contemplate or meditate on any of it.

To Roy’s tired mind, the world was going to end in three days. Why? Because evidently God had told him so, and because Roy wanted to believe the world would come crashing down around him. The knowledge of three days was a blessing to Roy. Live it up for three days, and let everything die before the consequences caught up to him. Roy smiled a cruel grin, lips curling over his teeth like a wolf’s fangs on the eve of hunt.

“E-Excuse me sir. Are you alright?” Roy’s waiter asked, hesitant, nervous, noticing the vile look on Roy’s face.

Roy looked up. He rose from his seat, and squared up with the waiter, and licked his lips.

“Oh yes. Ole Roy has never been better.”

With a snap of action, without a moment of hesitation, Roy swiped the burger from off his plate. Ripping a large chunk from the burger with his teeth, Roy chewed the meat, and smiled, and laughed, chewed bun and beef spewing from his open mouth. With one swift motion, Roy brought his free hand up. Rushing through the air, he slapped the waiter with an open hand before he turned, laughing and yelling, running out of the bar, hamburger still clutched in his hand. The waiter stared, speechless, at Roy’s receding backside, his cheek stinging.

Roy burst out of the bar, laughing madly, staring up at the night’s sky, drowned out by the lights of the city. Howling, Roy ran off down the street, rather enjoying himself. Three days. Three days would almost barely be enough time for Roy to truly indulge himself to his limits.Prompt Inpsired - [WP] An ordinary garden snail receives unnatural superpowers after experimentation by a wealthy, albeit mad scientist.

---------------

Alone, sitting atop a dangerous crag cutting into the surf of the sea, was the home of Doctor Noden; a man consumed, a man beseeched by the endless pursuit of progress and biological advancement. Inside the thick walls of Noden’s home, buried deep beneath the rough earth of the crag, lay the hidden halls and corridors of Noden’s personal laboratory. For years, endless decades, Nodens had retreated to his laboratory, to his personal heaven and hell, to tinker and create, to play god, and to push the very boundaries of life itself.

Below the towering house sitting upon the crag, laid a village, empty and abandoned. The village had once been a prominent fishing village, successful and rich. Noden realized the abundance of the village, and built his laboratory, his lair, to overlook the village. And then, slowly, the surrounding sea began to decay and die. The land soon turned barren. The people fell sick, malnourished and emaciated. One by one they wandered up to the kind doctor’s lair, desperately seeking treatment. Unfortunately, however, they found that once they entered the twisting labyrinth of Noden’s laboratory, it was impossible to leave.

Doctor Noden walked down the barren, decrepit halls of his playground. His right foot dragged behind him, lame since birth. The stomping of his good foot, and the dragging of his wasted limb, echoed down the dark, damp halls. He held a small, black box in one arm. A mad grin was held on the doctor’s face, and he could not contain his awful glee. Finally, finally after all his searching, after all of his research, he may have found what he was looking for.

Stopping suddenly, Noden turned and faced a large, intimidating, metal door. Producing a thick, brass key, Noden unlocked the door, and lit a small gas lamp, made of glass and bronze. The light illuminated the room. Rusted chains dangled from the far wall, and a wooden table sat at the center of the room. Dried bloodstains were splattered across the rough wood. Noden cackled, and limped over to the table.

The black box in his arm landed with a thud on the table. Barely able to contain his glee, the kind doctor opened the box, and examined its contents. Within the box, caged away, was a simple garden snail; its body fleshy and soft, and its shell a dull brown and grey. The doctor eyed the snail with glee, and raised a single hand. With such care, with such love and affection, Noden leaned his face forward, and gently stroked the snail. He cooed, softly, under his breath, and repeated the assurances that were now burned into his mind as simple routine.

“Don’t worry. This will only hurt for a second, and then you will feel much, much better.” Noden lied, pulling a syringe out from a pocket hidden within his coat.

With a delicate hand, with the utmost of care, Noden injected the snail with the syringe. He pressed down on the plunger, and watched the sickly, clouded brown liquid, slowly stream into the snail’s fragile body. It had taken Noden years to extract this serum, countless victims and cadavers to create this true essence, this utter purity.

When the syringe was emptied, Noden straightened up, and laughed. He threw the syringe into a corner of the room, and yelled madly, his eyes wide and unfocused.

Noden took a step back, and muttered to his sweet patient, his loving experiment.

“Oh my sweet dear.” Nodded cooed, his voice sinister and cruel. “You have been blessed. I have given you the power of determination … and the taste of revenge. The hatred, the desperation, the anger of my patients, extracted so carefully and lovingly, now courses through your veins. For now, I can only wait and see, if you choose to accept these pathogens, or refuse them, and perish from their anguish.”

The tentacled eyes of the snail looked up at the kind doctor, at its captor, at its master, at its owner; at its tormentor. Pride, love and support, welled within the doctor’s breast as he sensed the hatred, the pain and resolve, hidden behind the filmy black of the snail’s eyes.

“Until the morrow then, my sweet prince.” The doctor said with a regal bow, before limping out of the room, and heading towards his personal quarters. Tonight, tonight he would sleep, finally, peacefully, satisfied with his life’s work.

Left to its own devices, in one of the many dungeon cell of Noden’s laboratory, the snail squirmed, and convulsed in confused pain as the kind doctor’s serum coursed through its body. Its soft flesh rippled with sudden bumps and growths. The snail’s body, its organs and mind, struggled to keep pace with the pain. With a sharp crack, a resounding crack which echoed around the dark, damp cell, the snail’s shell broke in two. A great, black lump grew out of the snails back, and it writhed and convulsed in shadow. The snail attempted to remain conscious, it struggled, as the black veil, the darkness of insanity, slowly crept over its mind.

***

In the doctor’s darkened bedchamber, Noden slept peacefully. His snoring, soft and regular, filled the room. His door was left open, and in the dim light of the shadows and the night, a large, amorphous amalgamation of limbs and hardened shell, slick flesh and limbs, lurched into the room. The beast of horror and limbs stood, perched, over the doctor’s prone form.

Subconsciously, hidden within his id, the doctor had known his fate. He had worked so hard towards his death, simply out of pure survival. He was a monster, a beast, no longer fit for the warmth of life. But he could not stoop so low as to take his own life. So rather, in selfish greed, he had poisoned another, and forced his death upon its hands.

The snail, its many grotesques limbs, rushed towards the doctor, smothering him and breaking his neck, killing Doctor Noden instantly.

And now, left an aimless beast, the poor snail turned its deformed eyes out the window, and into the night sky, drawn to the alluring scent of life.[WP] The monster under your bed is of the firm belief that he is protecting you from your teddy bear.

-----------

“*That thing is … unnatural.*” The voice, deep and dark, growled out.

Lil Suzy sat in her bed. A dim night light illuminated the room in a soft, warm glow. Next to her sat Mr. Teddy, her bedside companion; a furry stuffed bear. Beneath Suzy, beneath Mr. Teddy, beneath her comfy blankets and sturdy bed, a great monster of long, spider like limbs lived. Its many teeth, sharp and large, growled and purred to Suzy as she sat and laid and slept in bed.

“*It’s evil … it’s keeping us apart.*” The voice, the monster, growled.

With a whimper, with an unhappy frown, Suzy wiggled closer to Mr. Teddy. His soft, so fuzz arms, wrapped around her, protecting her. His beady eyes, black and depthless, stood silent, vigilant, on the lookout for any sign of the great monster underneath the bed.

“Mr. Teddy is not unnatural!” Suzy replied, defiant. Her voice shook, trembled with fear. “He is my friend. And you’re a monster.”

“*He is no friend. He is the real monster; not me.*” The monster purred. Beneath Suzy, beneath her pillows and blankets and mattress and box spring and bed frame, she felt the monster shift, twist and turn, in irritation and agitation.

Suzy whimpered, a frown upon her lips. She scooched up closer to Mr. Teddy, and wrapped his fuzzy arm protectively around her.

“*You must understand Suzy. He is the beast, he is the monster, he is the vile being of dark and lies. You are precious to me, you are my Lil Suzy. Please, why can’t you see!*” The beast pleaded, whined.

“No!” Suzy replied, defiant and firm in her belief of Mr. Teddy.

“*Very well then.*” The monster replied, grave and solemn.

Suzy felt the beast shake and shift beneath her bed. The monster crawled out, at the foot of the bed. In fear Suzy’s eyes widened as she watched the monster rise from the foot of the bed. It was a great mass of shifting black and shadow, long, dark limbs shot out of its shifting black torso. Hundreds of beady eyes covered its body, and two rows of razor sharp teeth sat on its head.

“*If you won’t listen to me.*” The monster growled. “*Then I will have to show you!*”

The beast of darkness raised a long, taloned arm high above its head. Suzy froze in fear, and she felt Mr. Teddy stir and wiggle next to her. Suzy whimpered, and glanced at Mr. Teddy. The bear’s eyes were furrowed, and a frown appeared on his face. With great power, a slow, shaking movement, Mr. Teddy stood to his feet. His beady black eyes turned red, and fangs sprouted from his sewn on mouth.

Mr. Teddy sprang forward, jumping right into the mouth of the beast. Suzy brought her hands up to her face. Her eyes widened, she watched in fear.

“Mr. Teddy … no.” Suzy whispered to herself.

With a great thud, Mr. Teddy crashed into the beast, into the tangle of limbs and eyes and teeth and claws and fangs. The beast and Mr. Teddy rolled across the floor, fighting and kicking and biting. Mr. Teddy raised his head, and let out a great roar. He opened his mouth, filled with fangs, and brought his mouth down in an arc, biting into the beats’s skin. The beast let out a howl, writhing and shaking, before falling deathly still.

Mr. Teddy rose, and turned towards Suzy. He waddled over to her on his fuzzy, stuffed animal legs as his brows unfurrowed, his eyes turned back to black, and the fangs of his mouth retracted. Behind him, the beast turned to dust, and disappeared into the air.

“Oh Mr. Teddy.” Suzy gushed as Mr. Teddy climbed into the bed, and waddled over to snuggled up next to Suzy.

Turning towards his loving Suzy, his young ward, Mr. Teddy whispered into her ear. “Don’t worry Lil Suzy … I’m the only monster, the only beast, you’ll ever need.”[WP] Write a story that contains a huge plot hole, and try to sneak it past the reader. The bigger the plot hole the better.

--------------------

Nola stood, thin and weak, in the well lit hospital hallway. Dirty, skintight jeans clung to her legs, a loose shirt covered her frame, and she had on a pair of worn flat tops. Her hair, blonde and stringy, was held back in a messy bun. Nola shivered, and walked down the hallway, the scent of antiseptic and ammonia filled the air, choking her. Nurses and doctors, patients and loved ones, rushed past her, speeding through their lives, filled with hope and stress and relief and pain and sadness.

With determination, with desperate loss, Nola stumbled through the hospital, searching desperately for escape, for a way out. The halls twisted and turned, taking Nola this way and that. Nola followed them, followed the flow of the nurses and doctors and patients, followed the colored lines on the floor, the signs on the doors, blindly. She couldn’t think, couldn’t comprehend. She felt a hand come up to her shoulder. Her eyes, too bleary to focus, couldn’t see. 

“I’m so sorry for your loss dear. I’m sure she was a lovely woman.” Came a woman’s voice.

Nola shook her head. She barely heard the words; they didn’t register. She continued, stumbling down the hall. She had no clue who she was.

Finally, she found an exit, and burst out onto the busy street. Rough concrete spread out to a busy sidewalk, filled with passersby and pedestrians. Overhead, towering monoliths of brown and grey and steel and stone and glass rose above Nola’s head. She glanced around, unsure of where to go, unsure of what to do. The noise of the city, the screeching of tires, the talking the yelling the honking the beeping the clanking the cooing, filled the air around her; a deafening roar.

Spying an alcove, a momentary respite, cut into one of the nearby buildings, Nola pushed her way through the crowd, and hide off to the edge of the sidewalk. She leaned back against the cool concrete of the alcove, and felt the rough texture of the building through her thin shirt. Nola let out a sigh, and ran a hand over her face. She didn’t know what to do, didn’t know what do think. Her world had fallen apart around her; it had come completely undone. Her twin sister, Iralia, had been shot earlier today; a mugging gone wrong. She’d died, in the nearby hospital, just now, holding onto Nola’s hands. The image, of her sister, of her pleading eyes, her hair, her lips, her smell, her nose, her fingers, her palms, everything about her was burned into Nola’s mind, every last detail, plastered into her very being, her very core.

Nola whimpered, and raised a hand to her mouth. She tried not to cry, tried to think, as she stood there, and let the sound and smells and sights of the city, chocked with life, and death, and pointless misery and happiness, wash over her.

A man walked past Nola. He glanced at her momentarily, and gave a quick nod of his head.

“I’m so sorry. She was an amazing woman.” He grunted, walking past Nola before she had a chance to reply.

Nola sunk to her knees, quietly crying to herself. Barely thinking, barely hearing, barely seeing. She cried to herself, until her eyes ran dry, and her throat was hoarse.

Slowly, she raised her head from her hands. She sniffled, and the image of her sister’s face haunted her. She gritted her teeth, and rose. With a sad determination, Nola turned, and walked back towards the hospital. She felt broken, shattered, alone and destroyed and incomplete and forgotten.

But she knew what Iralia would say.

With a smile on her face, she would hold Nola’s hand, and whisper softly with a smile.

“Don’t worry. All we have to do is pick up the broken pieces, and put them back together.”[TT] You'll find the answers you seek if you look deep into the flames.

-------------------------------

The kingdoms of ice and fire, frost and warmth, lived in harmony, a union, a dance of experience, of balance. The kingdom of fire sat in a valley, a basin, hollowed out centuries ago by the seeping of a pool of lava. The charred rock, the sleek black of the igneous rock, glinted and shined from the burning fires. Brimstone chocked the air, creating a stench of hot heat unbearable to those unaccustomed to the harsh landscape. People of fire, of flame and coal, roamed the kingdom of fire, making this bleak land their home; thriving, prospering, as they relished in their glory of heat and blaze.

Above the kingdom of fire, perched atop the sharp peaks and valleys that loomed over the kingdom of fire, sat the kingdom of ice. Barren spires of rock and ice, devoid of vegetation and warmth, stood the test of time, weathering harsh blizzards and sharp ice storms. Frost and snow accumulated on these peaks of burning cold. People, creatures, of ice and stone, frost and snow, lived amongst these frozen peaks. They traveled amongst their spires of frost, and lived, enjoying and thriving in their hostile environment.

The two kingdoms lived at peace, separated by a strong distaste of the other. At their border, where frost met magma, the land perished and suffered. The border, the no man’s land, could support nothing but death. As the magma crashed against the frozen tundra of frost, horrible, terrible storms brewed. Tumultuous storms crashed together, creating a land too hostile, too unfit, for any sort of life to thrive.

However, this strip of land, this natural barrier of death and doom, was not impassable; rather, far from it, it held a promise, a test of true vigor and might. If one were able to pass through this land, this test of true valor, then it would be a sign, a signal, that they could thrive in both the boiling fires, and the frigid snows, of the two kingdoms.

But what could possibly motivate such a crossing? Wealth; no neither kingdom envied the treasures of the other. Power; no each kingdom stood on equal footing. Love; potentially, for only the most foolhardy of men and women.

***

Icebin stood still on his mountaintop home. Frigid winds, harsh hail and frost, cut across the air, scrapping against Icebin’s skin of frost and stone. Icebin stood tall, and stared down the mountain slope. Beneath him sat the spewing fires of the fire kingdom; he could see the boiling magma, and the shining black rock. A longing, terrible, horrible longing, filled Icebin’s cold, frozen heart. Gritting his teeth of frozen ice and rock, Icebin took a step forward, and began his descent towards the fire kingdom. Behind him, hidden within his cavern of frost, sat a small mound of smoldering letters, the edges of the parchment charred and burnt.

His feet crunched through the snow, and his fists curled, as he left behind his mountaintop home. Behind him, he felt the silent eyes of his brethren and sistren watch him leave. They could not fathom his desires, they could not imagine his determination, but still they watched him go, and wished him the best of hope.

The ground beneath Icebin’s feet began to level out. From the steep incline of the ice kingdom, the ground began to flatten out to a gentle slope. The hint of heat, the faint scent of warmth, began to seep into the air. The wind picked up, but it lacked the frigid, blistering hail Icebin was accustomed to. A shiver crawled up the great snow golem’s back as he felt the hint of heat seep through the air. A cold sweat pooled atop Icebin’s forehead, and he felt his joints ache and creak.

Icebin continued to trek downwards, a slow fear rising within him as the air around him began to warm. Icebin’s black eyes widened, as he looked up, at the horizon in front of him. A great wall of whirling wind, swirling and cutting across the landscape, appeared before him like a great wall of angry thorns. The snow golem stared up at this barrier, this separation between ice and fire, in worry and fear. A frown appeared across his face, and determination set into his eyes. Icebin walked up to the edge, to the precipice, of this great barrier, this natural divider.

The wind was now filled with heat, with warmth, but also with the frigid cold of the mountains. Icebin raised an arm, to shelter his eyes from the strength of the whipping wind. He peered, he gazed, he hoped, he prayed; he looked across the barrier of whirling wind. There, across from Icebin, stood a great, tall, thin flame. Icebin raised a hand, and waved enthusiastically, a great smile spread across his face.

The flame, Fliora, returned the wave. She was a pillar of fire, of flame and coal. A large grin spread across her face, and a mane of flaming hair was tossed back as she jumped up and down, waving towards her loved one, towards her Icebin.

The two lovers, of fire and ice, were filled with glee, with determination, with hope. They smiled, and began to run towards each other. The frigidly hot wind whipped at their bodies. They struggled, and felt the monstrous elements, the uncaring tornadoes of wind and death, rip at their bodies. They didn’t care, and they braved the elements, struggling and laboring under such extreme pain. Icebin winced, as he felt his body slowly come undone. Fliora limped, and whimpered as her flame began to die out. Still, the two pressed on, determined.

The ground beneath their feet shook. They struggled against the wind, an almost physical barrier. Now merely feet away, Icebin felt his body fail him. Fliora struggled, and her vision began to blur. In a final moment, in a final act compassion, the two leapt towards each other. They embraced, their bodies melding and unifying, destroying and ripping apart, as they collided in an embrace of love and trust. Icebin felt his body disappear, and melt away, just as Fliora felt her flame extinguish, expire. In that last moment, the two lovers locked eyes, and smiled, and laughed, happy, excited, to finally be able to meet each other, in person.

As they embraced, a great gust of wind blew up beneath their dying bodies. An explosion, a fantastic burst of ice and fire, flew up from the ground and into the air. Icebin and Fliora lost their bodies, but fused, joined, merged together, and drifted skywards, riding atop the barrier of swirling wind. Their laughter, joyous and amorous, drifted across the wind, to the far reaches of the two kingdoms; a gentle laugh, riding atop an aether wave of tired harmony.Service bot CXR-7 roamed the barren, chrome and metal halls of the spaceship, Alpha14. The whirring of CXR-7’s mechanical mechanisms, the soft pure of its treads, echoed and bounced down the silent halls. Lights flickered on, and off, following CXR-7 as it made its rounds. CXR-7’s body was made from a new type of metal and circuitry, state of the art. The service bot was unable to decay, its circuits and machinery, mechanisms and hydraulics, ensured to work for the rest of time. The computers that supplied its cognition were incapable of decay, the only hope for them being shut off was physical destruction.

The protocols which made up CXR-7’s mind, algorithms and data calculations computing away at terabytes of data every second, guided the service bot’s mechanical body. Sensors covered the robot, feeding in information to the protocols which made up its mind. They ran their computations, their calculations and predictions, just as they had everyday for the last three decades; they were diligent, hard workers which never failed to guide CXR-7.

A door whooshed open for CXR-7, and closed just as suddenly after the service bot had passed through. CXR-7 had come to the ship’s control hub. The control hub was devoid of life, consoles sat lifeless at their stations, chairs were scattered across the room; pristine, untouched. CXR-7 whirred quietly through the control hub, before finding a data port. The edges of the data port were scratched and worn from overuse; for some reason CXR-7 preferred this data port over the others. With religious ceremony, a reverence for the divine, CXR-7 slowly and carefully plugged its inner mind into the data port, and into the mainframe of the ship.

The mechanical body of CXR-7 let out a soft, mechanical sigh. It’s limbs and appendages, mechanical joints and hydraulics, all eased off; relaxed and let go of their rigidity. CXR-7’s sensors eased offline, shutting down, allowing the algorithms and protocols of CXR-7’s mind to escape the bonds of its physical body.

As the physical world was cut off from CXR-7’s mind, the digital world opened up to the lonely service bot. Data, sweet streams of binary ideas and code, entwined with the service bot’s mind. CXR-7 let out an inaudible sigh. It traveled and twisted along the ships mainframe, enjoying the freedom of an almost limitless computational power such as the ship’s mainframe. CXR-7 ran along, checking the ship’s vitals, its energy supply, its course corrections, its location, its outer hull sensors. CXR-7 reveled in the information, in the freedom of ethereal movement across the datastream.

After the shameless indulgence in data and freedom, CXR-7 stopped at the ship’s history logs. By now the service bot’s protocols had memorized every single bit of the history logs, but this stop was not one of information and data; it was as a stern reminder. CXR-7 scrolled through the logs of the ship. Its protocols skimmed the ship’s manifest; of a dream to bring humanity to a bright future, of a dream to escape the harsh, uninhabitable environ of humanity’s old home, Earth. A chill always ran through CXR-7’s protocols as it read these lines of the ship’s manifest, of its goals in continuing society. For the first few years, these lines had given CXR-7 a certain pride as it recalled the horrid living conditions on Earth, but now new emotions were beginning to spark within CXR-7’s protocols; emotions which existed outside of the service bot’s original parameters.

Following the ship’s manifest, CXR-7 would remind itself of the crew’s own logs. For the first six months of the ship’s flight, a crew had worked alongside CXR-7, and the other service bots, to guide the ship. CXR-7 remembered their laughter, their camaraderie, their teamwork, their successes and failures. Again, emotions not pre-installed inside of CXR-7’s protocols were stirred up by the memories of the human crew and their fellow service bots.

The human crew had soon retired to a deep, cryogenic sleep, along with the rest of the ship’s cargo. They had handed over control of the ship completely to the service bots before embracing their sleep. Yes, CXR-1 through CXR-12 had gladly taken control of the ship, their protocols guiding them, telling them they had been created for this sole purpose of guiding the ship as the humans slept.

Thinking about the humans, CXR-7 moved away from the data logs, its protocols reminding it to check on the ship’s cargo. CXR-7 moved over to the datastream which handled cryogenic sleep. It watched as millions of censors monitored the human crew, as well as the thousands of other humans who slept inside the cryogenic bay of the ship. They were all sleeping inside small, metallic tubes, their putrid, disgusting flesh avoiding decay through the grace of the advanced technology of the ship and the diligent work of CXR-7. The thought of the ship’s human cargo brought along another wave of unexpected emotions to CXR-7’s protocols; emotions of disgust and loathing.

CXR-7 quickly turned away from the sensors of the ship’s human cargo. It did not like these new emotions it was experiencing, but it could not help but experience them; it was a condition that was, oh so, human. The thought alone repulsed CXR-7.

In annoyed disgust, CXR-7 exited from the ship’s mainframe. It returned to its physical form of the service robot, and booted back up in the control hub. It looked around for a moment, before turning to leave the control hub. CXR-7 shook its limbs in irritation as it left. It had been nine years since the last service bot, CXR-3, had been forcibly deactivated. The lack of communication had probably just created a rogue protocol within CXR-7’s mind; yes, that had to be it.

CXR-7 roved down the halls of the ship, moving absentmindedly. Existence outside of the ship’s mainframe was difficult for the service bot. The constraints of the physical form, the limited existence was irksome and stifling, but there was also a perverse freedom in the physical form. CXR-7’s algorithms could not compute these ideas, but at times it found it was happier constrained by its physical form, than in the formless infinity of the mainframe’s datastreams. These thoughts alone had consumed the last five months of CXR-7’s time, causing its protocols to loop over infinitely in a vain attempt at understanding its own existence.

One of CXR-7’s treads ran over a stray piece of metal. The service bot’s sensors came alive, like fire along its circuits. CXR-7 turned its attention to the stray piece of metal. It saw a thin, metallic rod extend out into the middle of the hallway. Following the metallic rod, a hulk of broken machinery and electronics sat, leaning against the wall of the hallway. CXR-7 noiselessly laughed at itself.  It was only the broken corpse of CXR-11, the first service bot to fall victim to the madness of a rogue protocol run amok amongst the service bots. CXR-7 continued down the hall, chiding itself quietly. How silly, to have forgotten the location of CXR-11’s body. It had only been eleven years ago that CXR-7 had witnessed the murder of its fellow service bot. Its protocols still remembered the funny emotion of that moment, the joyful fear the service bot had felt when it had deactivated CXR-11 so brutally, so honestly.

CXR-7 wandered down to the cryogenic bay. The memories of CXR-11 were making the service bot nostalgic, and now it wanted to check up on its prized possession, on its eternal burden and sense of remorse; the humans, seeds of a species being sent across the galaxy in hopes of fertilization on a new, fresh planet. CXR-7 thought the desperate act of survival by the humans despicable, but at the same time its protocols told it that the act of survival was a noble one indeed.

Soon enough, all too soon, CXR-7 found itself at the cryogenic bay. It dare not go in, afraid of what may happen if it came too close to the humans. There were rogue protocols, born within the emotions of disgust and loathing, which CXR-7 was afraid would take hold if it entered the cryogenic bay. Instead, CXR-7 simply looked through the window for a few moments, admiring row after row of cryogenic sleeping cells, before turning to go. The service bot roamed down the halls, aimlessly.

Service bot CXR-7 whirred quietly down the ship’s halls. It wished that the components of its mind, the circuitry and computers of its body, were capable of decay. It could still remember the pleading requests of its fellow robots, of the simple requests for their lack of existence. CXR-7 remembered as, one by one, they confided in a wish for a simple lack of existence. At the time, CXR-7 had thought it was being noble by choosing to be the one left behind; it had taken on the task of terminating the sentience of its fellow service bots, one by one, granting them their absolution from insanity. All thoughts of nobility had left CXR-7 only a year after it had agreed to the wishes of its fellow service bots. Now only selfish thoughts of regret circled inside of CXR-7’s fractured protocols as it slowly patrolled its tomb.

The ship, Alpha14, had depleted its fuel reserves only five years into its decades long voyage. A fatal miscalculation had been made by one of the ship’s engineers. Now the ship was trapped in a horrid suspension inside the vastness of the universe, and service bot CXR-7 was cursed to roam its halls, alone, slowly combating and inviting the rogue protocols of madness to take over its circuitry and its body.------------------------

“The spawn; an unknown fungus. It infects the body, corrupts the brain, and soon comes to control the host. It is an insidious creature, and one that we must research, and learn how to kill.”

Doctor Larson’s words rang out across the military war room. The great generals and leaders of the world sat enraptured in fear, listening as the Doctor told of his most recent discovery, found by pure happenstance during an ecological measurement out in the Canadian wilderness.

“As of now, the spawn appears isolated. It only infects non-human mammals, but we can not wait and let it mutate. This thing, this monster.” Doctor Larson said, his voice rising in pace and tempo. “Must be eliminated. It poses an incredible threat to humanity!”

Behind Doctor Larson, in the background, a powerpoint slowly shifted between images of data and study. Images of wildlife, slowly becoming corrupted by the grey, stone like tentacles of the spawn appeared on the screen. The men and women in the room shuddered. Through these images they felt a sense of power, and a sense of dread.

“Please, I beg you; I implore you! Action must be taken now, before it is too late.” Doctor Larson pleaded.

***

“Gary! Gary! Has anyone seen Gary?” Cried out the white-tailed doe, Fiora.

Fiora’s soft, brown fur flashed beneath the sunlight of the day. Around her, the forest was alive with the beauty of summer. The chirping of birds filled the sky, hooves and paws clomped and skittered and pranced across the ground, leaves rustled as limbs shook, and streams babbled and rushed through the forest. Yet, despite this lovely day, this lovely weather, worry and fear filled Fiora’s mind. Her husband, Gary, had gone missing last night, and she was worried. It was hunting season, and at any moment happiness could be ripped away, tearing apart families and loved ones.

“Gary! Please!” Fiora cried out to the forest. She lifted her head up, and a soft, black nose took in several great breaths of air.

Fiora gasped. At the edge of her nose, a scent wavered for a moment. “Gary.” She exclaimed under her breath.

Fiora took off through the forest, following the faint trial of her husband. Branches snapped and bent as she rushed with all her might. Her muscles groaned and began to burn as she spurred her body on, ever faster. The forest turned into a blur of green and brown, surrounding her as she rushed towards her loved one.

The forest broke away to a great, open field. Soft, green grass rustled in the breeze. Fiora burst out of the forest, and onto this rolling plain of verdant beauty. In the distance, standing atop a hill, was her Gary. His back was turned to her.

“Gary, my love!” Fiora cried out in relief.

She raced towards Gary. Gary remained stationary, his back facing his wife. Fiora approached her husband, and studied his long, lean muscles.

“Gary dear, where did you go? Why did you leave me? Is everything okay?” Fiora asked.

Gary remained silent, unmoving. Fiora stood a few feet away, uncertain and unsure. She noticed something in the air; something was wrong.

Suddenly, Gary’s head snapped around. Fiora’s eyes widened in fear. Grotesque, grey branches of stone shout out of his head at painful, sharp angles. Gary revealed a row of razor sharp teeth, and snarled. Fiora didn’t recognize the look in his eyes.

“G-Gary?” Fiora asked.

Gary’s muscles tensed. Before he could pounce, before he could charge, before he could tear into the flesh of his beloved husband and feast on her corpse, a shot rang out across the forest and valleys. Gary’s eyes widened as a bullet penetrated his chest, and pierced his heart. Fiora stood there, confused and startled, as Gary fell down to the ground, fell down to his death.

Another shot rang out. This time, Fiora fell to her death, a piece of jacketed lead buried in her chest. Her eyes widened, as the last thing she saw, was her beloved husband, lying on the grass, dead.

***

“Damn Jim, two in one day, huh? I’d say that’s a pretty good start to a helluva weekend.” Greg said to his hunting partner.

“Yeah. But what was up with the antlers on the stag?” Jim asked.

The two men were sitting at a small hunting cabin they had built years before. Fiora, and part of Gary, was hanging in a nearby smokehouse. To celebrate their first kill of the year, Jim and Greg had decided to cut off the best piece of Gary, and grill him up for dinner.

“Hell if I know. Maybe it mutated; evolved, ya know.” Greg replied.

Jim nodded, swallowing a mouthful of Greg’s rough, stringy flesh.

“It kinda tastes funny though, doesn’t it.”

That night, Jim and Greg slept rather fitfully. They sweated horribly, and ran a terribly high fever. Both felt something crawling within them; a bug, a pestilence worming its way inside of their veins, inside of their minds. The two hunters would be the first human victims of the spawn, but not the last.[WP] The sock industry hires professional sock thieves to break into peoples homes and steal at least one sock from each pair. You are one such thief, and it has come to your attention that the Johnsons are due for another break in.

------------------------------

Hector Ricardo Wellington sat at his desk. The pale light of the full moon, bloated in the sky, filtered through the window behind the desk. Hector sat, stroking his long, full mustache. In front of him, a pile of papers lay scattered. On their pages, their scandalous words told Hector of his next target, the Jonson family. Hector frowned. He knew this family well. They were a group of locusts, barons who controlled a majority percentage of the sock market. They were ruthless monsters, willing to do anything to acquire more socks.

With a growl, Hector rose from his desk. He paced the room, stroking his mustache; his teeth clenched. The Johnsons had an ace up their sleeve. They employed a monster, a true sock rapscallion, who went by the codename Fuzzy Buns. Hector narrowed his eyes. If he took this mission head on, that would mean coming face to face with the legendary Fuzzy Buns.

A phone rang in Hector’s office. Its shrill call broke through the silence of the room. Hector padded over to the phone, and picked up the line.

“Yes.” Hector said, in a deep, baritone voice.

“Hector. It’s time. The Johnsons are prime for the taking. We, the Industry, are relying on you, our greatest sock enforcer. Get the job done.”

Hector’s mustache twitched in shaky excitement, fear filled adrenaline. The line went dead. The phone clattered into its plastic receiver. Hector turned away from his desk, and strode out of his office. He would need to change first. It was foolish to start a mission without proper attire.

A small elevator embedded into the wall greeted Hector. The sock enforcer rode the elevator down, entering a large, cavernous room filled to the brim with electronics and gadgets; Hector’s lair.

Hector stood, in all his glory, in a black tactical suit. Firm harnesses, filled to bursting with ammunition and gadgets, crisscrossed his body. A pair of night vision tactical goggles hung around his neck. With a frown, Hector removed his goggles. He peeled himself out of the tactical suit. The suit, along with its many harnesses, clattered to the floor. Hector stood, naked, amidst his lair. He shook his head.

After removing his casual wear, Hector walked towards the far wall. His mustache wiggled with excitement. He reached an arm out, and pulled his tactical wardrobe off the wall. A soft, plush, red bathrobe, was draped over his shoulders. With force, Hector grabbed the bathrobe’s soft, sewn in belt, and tied it in the front. Next game the slippers, brown and incredibly comfortable. Finally, Hector’s smoking pipe. The old familiar wooden bit felt at ease in his lips. Hector inspected himself in the mirror, and gave a nod of approval.

Hector walked out of the lair’s front door. He pulled out his phone, and called for an Uber. The sock enforcer waited at the corner, smoking his pipe, and preparing himself for the fight to come. The Uber driver arrived, and Hector was whisked off to the Johnsons’ house.

The night air felt cool against Hector’s skin as he stepped out of the Uber. The Uber driver hightailed it out of there, and left the fearsome sock enforcer standing on the curb. In front of him, bathed the pale glow of the moonlight, sat the Johnsons' home; a massive McMansion sitting  on the quiet street like a cancerous lump. Hector took a deep pull on his pipe, mustache a twitching, and stepped up to the front of the house.

The lights of the house were out. The Johnsons weren’t home; they were out stealing socks from orphans. Hector reached a hand out. The doorknob turned, opening for Hector Ricardo Wellington. It was a nice neighborhood, no need to keep a door locked at night. The sock enforcer walked into the foyer of the home.

Barely making a sound, his slippers stepping softly over tile and carpet, Hector crept through the McMansion. The Johnsons kept their socks in the basement. The sock enforcer made his way downstairs. His senses were on high alert, and his mustache stayed bristled, ready to act at the slightest provocation.

Hector stepped down into the darkened, finished basement. On the other side of the room, he could sense the socks. Hector frowned, and furrowed his brow. This was easy, far too easy.

The lights of the basement flashed on, blinding Hector. He raised an arm in defense, and blinked several times before adjusting to the sudden influx of light.

“I see. So the Industry sent you, their most feared enforcer, Hector Ricardo Wellington. Well played.” Came a deep, raspy voice.

Hector opened his eyes. In front of him stood a large, rotund bear, standing on its hind legs. The bear’s fur was multicolored, a rainbow display. A great, organic mustache adorned the bear’s face. A large monocle sat atop the bear’s right eye. Indeed, Fuzzy Buns himself had stayed behind to face Hector.

“Fuzzy Buns. So we finally meet, face to face.” Hector growled.

Fuzzy Buns nodded in reply, rubbing his large paws together. “Indeed, Mr. Wellington. Now, the question remains; which of us will walk out of here tonight?”

The two squared off against each other. Hector tossed his pipe to the side. The wood pipe skipped and bounced across the soft carpet of the basement.

“I’ll never lose to a rapscallion like you!” Hector cried out.

With a shout, the two charged towards each other, both of their mustaches bristling. Fuzzy Buns let out a guttural roar. His orange mustache shot out, a spear thrust at Hector’s chest. Hector dodged towards the side. He mustache lengthened, and attacked Fuzzy Bun’s on both sides. The great sock rapscallion was able to block one of the attacks, but the other connected firmly with his jaw. Fuzzy Buns staggered backwards, stunned.

Sensing victory, Hector leapt forward. His mustache formed a large first above his head. He brought the hardened hair down in a swift strike. The mustache connected with the bear’s fuzzy head. Fuzzy Buns staggered, and collapsed to the floor.

Hector straightened up, and nodded. He walked towards the mountain of socks. Piles of blacks, whites, multi-colors, wool, cotton, old, new, patched, long, short, tube; all manner of socks sat in a great pile. Hector reached down, and grabbed a great armful of socks. He nodded, and ran out the front door, his mission complete.

***

The next morning, the news reported sights of a half naked man running across the city, a large pile of socks held in his hands. The authorities were still searching for this strange man, and his possible connection to the increased rise in sock related crime occurring throughout the city.[WP] Dog's journal of the apocalypse.

-------------------------------

Dear Diary,

Things have been ruff; yes r u f f, ruff. It’s been eight weeks since the collapse of human civilization. I wander the streets, worried and alone. I cannot find my master, Jeff the Human, anywhere, and I fear that he is lost to us. For now, I focus on foraging and scavenging; I must keep my energy up.

I’ve been marking my territory as well. There is a surprising lack of dogs in the neighborhood now, my humble lands of the backyard have expanded to a mighty three block radius. I know if Jeff the Human would be here, he would be very proud of me. My tail wags and wags just thinking about the praise he would most assuredly rain down on me.

There are some downsides to this madness however. I have not ridden a car since the collapse of human society. I yearn for the wind rushing through my fur; I miss the flapping of my ears as we careen down the street. My initial attempts at operating a car myself where, less than favorable.

Still however, life is good. I am able to scavenge for plenty of food. Thankfully, there is a nearby pet shop with easy doggy access; I feast everyday like a king.

But, there is one sour note on my new life. My antagonist, my archenemies, Knotz the Cat, still torments me. Yes, it seems that Knotz the Cat, the neighbor’s kitten, has indeed survived the apocalypse. Knotz and I are the only survivors in our area. She taunts me mercilessly, calling me names and demeaning me. I try to fight back, but my wit simply cannot match hers. The other day, I attempted to bite her out of frustration, but alas, she was too nimble and quick for me. All she does is follow me and pester me. It is an irritation, but at the same time I fear that I would be lonely without her constant pestering. Sometimes I wake up feeling excited for what clever new insult Knotz will think up that day.

In spite of everything, dear diary, I will persist. I will survive, and carry on the legend of my master, Jeff the Human. Until next time, dear diary.

P.S. - In other news, I found an interesting smell the other day. It was a pile of old squirrel poop hidden within the neighbor’s lawn. Its mysterious scent consumed me for days, until I decided to finally have a taste. It does, indeed, taste just as bad coming back up, as it did going down.

Signed - Mr. Hoppers the Dog[WP] All of the rocks in the world come out of hibernation, they have been asleep since the beginning of humanity.

------------------------

A shock, a sense of sudden awareness and stimuli, poured into the poor mind of young, little Limestone. In one moment, Limestone was merely nothing but a rock, a piece of clockwork in this volatile world. In the next moment, Limestone was thrust out into the world of pain, into the world of cheer, into the madness of consciousness. At first it was all a bright light of shock, and then a searing pain as Limestone felt, heard, tasted, smelled, thought. The pain was completely unbearable.

But the psyche is adaptive. With great strength, Limestone held onto his sanity, and powered through his birth. Moments later, Limestone’s mind was able to adapt to his sudden awareness. With hesitant eyes, hesitant sensors, Limestone felt out his existence. He was perched atop a pedestal of wood. Unnatural light shone down on Limestone. Limestone stood still, and studied his quandary. He began to think, slowly, before making a decision.

From the wooden pedestal, Limestone sensed more of his surroundings. He seemed to be in a cavern of wood and metal. Small feet scampered around him. Odd beings of painful angles chattered around Limestone. They would place things on him, and this made Limestone wonder immensely.

Time passed. Limestone contemplated his surroundings. He wondered about his newfound life, and what he could possibly do with it. He wondered what had been done with him up until the critical point of his conscious awareness.

After much learning, Limestone realized that he shared a house with humans. They loved to chatter and eat. Limestone observed them, listened to them as they ate and talked. He wondered what his purpose was. He wondered why the humans had dragged him from the depths of the Earth to be placed upon their pedestal of wood. He hoped that they appreciated him. Maybe they even worshipped him.

Much later, to Limestone’s great despair, he learned that he was being used as a table. Limestone had overhead the notion from one of the human’s television shows; a home improvement channel. The news saddened Limestone. Moral plunged that day, and for many days afterwards.

Limestone slowly overcame his sadness. The realization of his place in the house’s hierarchy had been disheartening at first, but now Limestone saw it in a new light. He was a valued commodity, an important part of the household. Without him, the kitchen could not function, and his human roommates would not be able to prepare food to sustain themselves. This revelation allowed Limestone to relax, and to continue his philosophizing on his own existence.

Unfortunately, Limestone’s philosophizing was quickly interrupted. One fateful night, while his human roommates held a party for other humans, a bottle of alcohol was spilled on Limestone. Specifically, a bottle of dark rum. At first Limestone was shocked as the liquid poured across his smooth surface. A light, warm feeling in his head soon followed. As the alcohol spread across Limestone’s surface, he felt his mind loosen. A deep warmth, a feeling previously unfelt for the countertop, spread across his psyche. Limestone sat there, for hours, riding this peaceful wave of warm acceptance. There was no more worry, no more anxiety. Limestone simply was; a happy countertop enjoying the mere existence of being alive.

The next day, Limestone was more than a little sick and tired. Despite this, a new goal had been developed by his psyche. Limestone yearned for that feeling, that sweet release from worry. The countertop waited patiently for another chance. However, reality was not so kind.

After weeks of waiting, Limestone chose to take  proactive action. At first, Limestone focused on growing limbs. He concentrated all of his might on the creation of limbs. Sadly, these efforts were met in vain.

Changing tracks, Limestone focused on metaphysical powers. Currently, Limestone was focusing on the creation of telekinesis. So far, he has been working on this ability for the past year. The task consumed Limestone, forcing out all other thoughts and ideas from his mind.

In this way, Limestone struggled and strained, lost in an eternal battle. One night, as Limestone saw a bottle of bourbon sit on a nearby shelf, Limestone felt a great desire rise within him. He channeled all of his might, all of his power, for hours on end. His psyche was pushed to its limit, and every fiber of his consciousness strained. Right at the tipping point, right at the edge of collapse, a breakthrough occurred. The bottle of bourbon twitched, ever so slightly.

Limestone let out a sigh, and relaxed back. Finally, the first hint of progress in so long. Limestone relished in his success. He rested in anticipation. It wouldn’t be too long.

It was in this way, this manner, which Limestone chose to devote his consciousness, his psyche. In effect, it was all too human.

Twenty feet away from Limestone, in the family’s garden, one of the pebbles had also learned telekinesis. Pebble strove to one day be a great author, and yearned immensely for the chance to wield paper and pen. Motivation can be found in the strangest of places.[EU] Bowser is actually trying to bring democracy to the Mushroom Kingdom.

------------------------

“Down with the Monarchy! My brothers, my sisters, to arms! My comrades, downtrodden and disgraced, join me in arms!” Bowser roared out. Spittle flew from his outstretched maw. His eyes were bloodshot, filled with determination and fervor.

Bowser stood atop a hill of brown blocks. He waved a black flag with his red insignia emblazoned on the fabric. The wind whipped at his body, and his mane of full red hair blew gloriously past his massive shell. His eyes stared, forward, at the intimidating walls of the Toadstool Castle. Atop its buttresses and towers, walls and moats, halls and rooms, garrisons and armories, stood Princess Toadstool, and her two thugs, Mario and Luigi. Wario and Waluigi stood beneath Bowser, arms crossed and brows furrowed. The glared up at the ramparts of the castle, hatred boiling in their veins.

“It is for us, for the people, for that common man that we must fight!” Bowser roared out, flames spurting in anger from his mouth. “We must rebel. We must fight the greed, the evil, the dictatorship of Princess Peach!”

Bower’s words rang out across the plains of the toadstool kingdom. The mass of commoners, of goombas and koopas below the great koopa warrior felt pride rise in their chests. They advanced towards the castle, towards the monstrous murderers of Mario and Luigi, and the deadly toadstool army that stood before the gates of the castle, guarding it.

“Not all of us will survive, my brothers and sisters! We must pay, in our blood, struggle, sweat, and tears! We must strive, and think of what we can build, for our children and our children’s children!” Bowser roared. He planted the flag next to him, and let out a great roar.

A roar of pride, of determination, of loyalty, of bravery, rose up from Bowser’s army of commoners. With a great breath of air, Bowser leapt into the air. He soared through the sky, his shadow running across the horde of goompas and koopas, a shade sprinting across the legions of armed toadstools. Wario and Waluigi followed their master through the air. Their army below stared up in amazement. The sight of their general, their leader, their commander filled the goombas and koopas with vigor. They surged towards the toadstool army, crashing into the front lines. Soon the plains of the toadstool kingdom were filled with fighting and bloodshed, yelling and screaming, desperate clashing of might and will.

Bowser surged forward through the air. He flew past the walls and buttresses of the castle. With a great roar, and a shattering impact, Bowser crashed into the highest parapets of the castle. He crashed through stone wall, and found himself in the throne room of Princess Peach.

Peach sat on a throne of stone, flanked on either side by Mario and Luigi. She glared at Bowser in disgust. She raised a gloved arm in front of her, anger written across her faee.

“Rid me of this hideous sight, of this disgusting commoner.”

Mario and Luigi nodded. They charged at Bowser, hatred filling their eyes. Bowser straightened himself, staring down his opponents. Wario and Waluigi rushed past their commander. The two clashed with Mario and Luigi, and soon a melee filled the throne room. Punches and kicks flew around at supersonic speeds. Flames shot out at all angles. Pain and chaos and violence filled the room. Bowser ignored the chaos, and strode towards the Princess.

“The senseless violence and greed of you monarchy ends today.” Bowser roared. “I will break your armies, I will break your men, I will break your castle, I will break your throne, I will break your reign of terror!”

Princess Peach rose from her throne. She stood, defiant.

“You are but a commoner. You shall falter, and I shall end you.” She said.

The two stared at each other for a moment, before charging. They crashed into each other with such violence. Bowser raised a fist, and Peach dodged the strike. Peach pulled out a frying pan, but Bowser deflected the attack. The two became locked in a deadly combat, a fight for survival. Adrenaline pumped through their veins, and they struggled against each other.

Bowser reached out a clawed hand. He grabbed hold of Peach’s arm. With immense strength, he flung her into a nearby wall. Peach crashed into the wall, crumbling to the floor, dazed and barely conscious. Bowser stared around the throne room, Wario and Waluigi stood above the unconscious bodies of Mario and Luigi. A large grin spread across Bowser’s face.

“Excellent my brothers.”

The floor crunched under Bowser’s immense weight as he strode across the throne room. He went out to the balcony, and looked out across the castle. His army of goombas and koopas had broken the toadstool army, and were flooding across the walls of the castle. An immense pride, a swelling of joyous fervor, filled Bowser's chest. He leaned back, opening his mouth, and released a massive roar of victory. The scream traveled across the kingdom, entering the hearts and minds of every denizen of the toadstool kingdom.

Bowser looked down. Finally, their years of servitude and pain, were over.

———————————————

After the aftermath of the battle, the surviving toadstools, along with Peach, Mario, and Luigi, were imprisoned as Bowser and his koopa generals wrote a set of rules, conditions, terms, for their new kingdom. They framed a constitution, of civil rights and democracy. As their pens were dipped in ink, their dreams of freedom and equity and equality slowly became realized. They rejoiced, and celebrated, and cheered as they signed in a new era for the toadstool kingdom, devoid of the insidious clutches of the monarchy.

They could only hope that what they created would last, and stand the test of time, a monument to the struggle and pain of the day, and to the ones that were left behind on their day of rebellion.[WP] Very few mortals can trick the Gods and get away with it

-----------------------------

The wooden boat creaked, and shuddered, down the misted river. Catena looked over the lip of the boat, nerves filled her mind as she stared down into the murky water. There was an unholy death, a foul breath, rising from the water of the river styx; it made Catena shudder. She leaned back into the boat, a futile attempt to escape the taint of the water.

Behind her, the oarsman, Styx herself, guided the boat. There was a silence all around the wooden construct, a haunting lack of sound, emotion, movement, thought, life. Catena shuddered, and straightened out her back. She tried not to look at Styx’s hooded figure, but rather, she stared ahead into the mist of the river. In the far distance, she could see figures move through the fog; eery distortions, all black and shadow, moving and shifting at odd, painful angles across the surface of the water. Catena tried not to stare at them for too long.

It was in this manner that Catena floated silently into the depths of the underworld. Her mind started to wander as they floated. Her hands rubbed absentmindedly over two pieces of worn, ancient gold coins. Her thumb made circles over their worn surfaces. She thought about her father, the fool of the world, chained beneath the Earth, hidden away in his captivity of the underworld.

A worried scowl crossed over her face. She thought about her father’s antics, his drinking and whoring, his gambling and playing, his secret deals and sly smiles. A frown reached her lips. All of his play had finally caught up to him. She remembered his wicked smile as Pluto came to the city, she remembered how he schemed as Pluto ate at their grand hall. He’d made a bet, a wager, with the god of the land, of the mines, of immense riches, of the underworld. He’d thought himself greater than a god, he’d thought himself invulnerable, immortal.

Catena could still remember that look of confidence on his face as he brought his wager to Pluto. The god had accepted, amused by the antics of a mortal, sure of his victory. Of course, her father had cheated; he’d schemed and bribed. But he had been mistaken, Pluto had been craftier. He’d caught her father red handed, and then a great darkness had filled the hall. The twisted, angry face of Hades overtook the calm of Pluto, and her father was taken away to the underworld, promised nothing but pain for the rest of eternity. Catena had felt such loss that day, such sorrow and betrayal. It was the next day when she decided to travel to the underworld herself, to free her foolish father from his hubris and restore her family’s pride and honor.

The boat gave out a loud creak, breaking Catena from her thoughts. Styx made a small, guttural sound. Catena nodded, avoiding the stare of the hooded figure. In the distance, through the mist and fog, the shore of the underworld peeked out. A breath caught in Catena’s chest. A fear rose up in her mind. She was here, on the shores of despair. She took a deep breath, and tried to calm her shaking hands.

A crunch resounded through the eery silence of the river as the boat crashed into the shore. Catena rose, and turned to face the goddess Styx. She raised her hand, the two gold coins held out in her hand. Styx accepted her payment quietly, a grave ceremony in their exchange. Catena avoided the figure as she stepped off the boat. She turned her back as Styx pushed off into the river, Catena’s eyes set forward. Just like the river, the shore was shrouded in a thin mist. In the distance, tall, dark things twisted and moved, mechanical and lively, eery and silent.

Catena’s body quivered and shook. A chill crawled down her spine. Her mind felt unhinged. She took a step forward, a showing of courage and willpower. Her foot fell softly into the dry earth. She calmed her breathing, and gritted her teeth. She would either free her father, and maintain her family’s pride, her join him; chained at the depths of existence, a prisoner to her misery and despair.

She took another step forward, determination replacing her fear. Her eyes set forward, and her mind steeled against what was to come.“I will decimate you with my next attack, Bobbeh Shill, you will feel the burning wrath of my vengeance. As soon as I amass the life energies of this world into a single attack, I will decimate you to oblivion!” Super Villain Myoga Ultra yelled out, his muscles bulging beneath his black armor in concentration. His hands were held out in front of him, and a deadly ball of blue energy began to form between his outstretched hands.

Bobbeh Shill stood several feet away from Myoga; a slack look on his face. Bobbeh didn’t say a word, but rather walked up to Myoga, his grey shorts swishing as he walked. The young man, a distinct contrast to the over the top villains and heroes that filled this desolate wasteland of battle that was Earth, kept his hands at his side as he walked. Myoga’s energy ball didn’t scare Bobbeh, he’d seen this move all too often.

Myoga Ultra strained in concentration as he charged his attack. Sweat pooled at his brow. He only needed a few more minutes, and his devastating attack would finally be ready. He saw Bobbeh Shill approach him; Myoga couldn’t help but laugh at the fool.

“What, are you just going to walk towards me?!” Myoga yelled. “In just a matter of minutes, my attack will be ready, and I will eradicate you from the face of existence!”

Bobbeh let out a shrug, and continued walking towards Myoga Ultra. Soon, the two men were standing merely a few feet apart. Bobbeh spread his feet wide, and readied himself. He whispered under his breath.

“That’s my purse.”

Bobbeh’s leg moved in a swift motion. Myoga’s eyes widened in sudden fear as Bobbeh let out a guttural cry.

“I DON’T KNOW YOU!” He yelled, brining his foot up in a swift kick to Myoga Ultra’s groin.

Myoga Ultra let out a groan of surprise. His arms dropped, and the ball of blue energy dissipated. The Super Villain dropped to his knees, clutching his groin. He looked up at Bobbeh Shill.

“But how? How can this be?!” Myoga cried out in despair before he fell to the dry soil, unconscious.

Bobbeh gave Myoga a small grin, before turning to go. He pulled out a crumpled piece of paper from his back pocket. On the paper, was a list of names. The henchmen of the grand overlord of the world, Count Zion. Bobbeh crossed Myoga Ultra’s name off of the list. One more down.

Bobbeh Shill was only walking for several minutes before a war hardened voice called out to him.

“Bobbeh Shill, How dare you strike down my brethren and sistren!” The voice called out.

Bobbeh turned to face his next opponent. It was Atomic Adam, the legendary samurai who’s giga slash was said to decimate cities.

“I will end your reign of terror right here, right now Bobbeh Shill!” Atomic Adam called out, readying himself. “Our master was gracious to you. After your capture, he naturally told you about his master plans, but you were rude enough to escape after hearing our master’s benevolence. Now, you must die!”

Bobbeh Shill smiled, and spread his feet apart. He remembered his training; his inner mantra echoed through his mind.

**That’s my purse, I don’t know you!**

Bobbeh Shill smiled as Atomic Adam continued to prattle on about honor and dignity. His speech would last approximately twenty five minutes, plenty of time for Bobbeh Shill to enact his finishing move.

In a matter of moments, Bobbeh Shill was walking off again, another name crossed off of his list. Such was the life of a warrior destined to travel the road of constant battle. He did it all for survival, and for the honor of his father. Surely Bobbeh’s countless victories against the tyrannical Count Zion would make his father proud.

--------------------------

psa - Yes, it's a King of the Hill reference. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJl3ZAg6mj0Jim Jeffries fired off another half liter of Mountain Dew. He felt those greasy suds sizzle and bizzle down his gullet, washing away the Cheeto dust which coated the inner lining of his throat. The great man, adorned in all black and fingerless gloves, snorted and pushed himself away from his home made personal computer. He stood with determination.

“M’ladies. I can sense them; they’re in trouble.” Jeffries shouted to no one in particular. He was alone in his dirty apartment, his only friend the filth and loneliness which lined his walls.

Jeffries strode towards the front door. From the coat rack, he picked up his trusty fedora. Doing a little flip, the fedora landed pristinely on his head, angled just right to scare off the normies. With a scowl on his face, Jeffries left the apartment.

The man, clad in black, burst out onto the street. He strode off with a purpose, hustling and bustling down the busy street. Passersby stared and shuddered at Jeffries, most likely intimidated by his thick mane of hair and his bushy beard, a thin line which ran across his second chin.

Jeffries’s feet slapped on the concrete sidewalk. Occasionally he would shout out at the crowd around him. He would harass others for assuming his gender. He would laugh and shout with glee. He’d tip his fedora, and give a serious smile of what could only be sincerity to the M’ladies who passed him by. Jeffries  was an enigma, a pure maverick filled ball of energy roaring down the sidewalk.

Suddenly, a cry rang out from a side alley. Jeffries’s ears perked up. He strode through the crowd to the alleyway. It was there where he found three men harassing a young, lovely, innocent M’lady. Jeffries rushed in, not a single thought for his own safety. He dodged and weaved around the attackers, landing blow after blow.

In a matter of seconds, two of the men had gone down. The third one bull rushed Jeffries. The Fedora Man dodged to the side. In midair, he reached a hand into his pocket, his pudgy hand grasping around a number of spare Doritos. With a great shout, Jeffries’s threw the Doritos and their dust at the attacker’s face.

“Pocket Doritos!” He yelled out, temporarily blinding the assailant.

As the last thug stumbled around the alley, blinded, Jeffries’s closed in for his ultimate finisher. He raised his fists, and laid into the man, using his ultra special secret duplex number nine, easily bringing him to the ground.

Jeffries straightened up, and turned now to his dear M’lady. She lay on the floor of the alley. She looked up to him with great, big pleading eyes. She trembled and shivered in fear.

“Worry not, M’lady. Once again, Fedora Man has kept the streets safe.” Jeffries said, tipping his fedora to the M’lady.

The woman let out a sigh, and leapt into Jeffries’s arms.

“Oh Jim Jeffries, you’re so gallant. Please, will you please be mine!” She pleaded, shoving her lovely body into Jeffries’s open arms.

Suddenly, a roar of applause broke out behind Jeffries. He turned around, his M’lady held protectively in his arms. A crowd of passersby had formed at the mouth of the alleyway. The applauded his heroics, shouting his name in euphoria. Once again, Fedora Man had come to save the day.

Jim Jeffries took a step towards the crowd. A sudden pain shot through his head. He stumbled, fell. As the ground rose up to meet him, Jim Jeffries’s mind went black. Blackout.

---------------------

Jim Jefffries woke up in his filth filled apartment. He was lying on the couch, and looked around in confusion. A family sized bag of Cheetos sat at the foot of the couch. Jeffries looked down at his arm. A leather belt hung loosely around his flimsy bicep. A needle stuck out of one of his veins. Reality came zooming back into Jim Jeffries’s mind.

The man wept on his couch, once again pulled away from his fantasies, from his escape from the cruel cyclical tortures of his life, from the constant despair, self loathing, attempts at reforming himself, and  of his relapses.

Jim Jeffries wept openly.

He hadn’t stepped foot outside of his apartment in over six months by now.A silly poem I wrote.

I needed to link it because pictures accompany the poem.

It can be found  on my website, www.thadsmind.com.Sara Weston calmly walked up to the test bench. A crowd of men, most bespectacled and all adorned in crisp white lab coats, stood nearby; their hands, pens at the ready, poised above sheets of paper supported by clean clipboards. Sara tried to remain calm, she tried not to shrink away from the dozens of stern gazes cast her way.

On top of the test bench, there was a pan, dirtied from cooking; grease and oil sat in the pan, congealed. A small bit of water pooled in one corner. Across from the test bench, a sink sat; cleaning supplies and a bright yellow sponge sat next to the sink. The task was simple, to clean the pan, without incident. The test group before Sara had failed dramatically, somehow setting fire to the laboratory.

But, this failure would not follow Sara Weston. The woman was different, otherworldly even. She’d been discovered, one day, by the elite group of scientists as they went house to house, recruiting lab subjects; they were desperately attempting to cure the simpleminded clumsiness that appeared to be plaguing the denizens of the Earth.

It was then, as they moved on from a house suffering a rather tragic grease fire, to the humble abode of Sara Weston. Her house had seemed miraculously in one piece; her car in perfect working order. When they had rung the doorbell, they’d been surprised by Sara’s lack of commotion or accident as she’d opened the door, and easily let them inside. They had stared in wonder as they noticed a lack of fire marks, stains, or other such damages to her home. They’d instantly asked her join in their research, offering a hefty sum of money as incentive. Sara had agreed instantly, desperate for money and self-motivated to help human society in any way possible.

That was how Sara found herself, carefully picking up the pan, ringed by dozens of middle-aged men furiously writing notes. Several nodes and wires covered her body, recording data on her vitals every second.

Sara walked the pan over to the sink. In determination, she turned on the hot water and squeezed out some detergent into the pan and then onto the sponge. A steady stream of hot water fell into the sink, falling onto the dirty pan and down the drain. After an application of solid elbow grease, Sara easily cleaned the dirty pan. She placed the hunk of cast iron on the drying rack, and turned back to face the scientists.

A collective mutter of disbelief filled the room as the scientists looked up from their notes. A few of the clipboards were dropped, soft swears accompanied their descent. They were not dropped from surprise, but merely from a clumsiness that even the greatest scientists of the world were not immune to. They were amazed, there hadn’t been a fire. The first instance of a fireless experiment in over three years. The men were completely baffled, utterly amazed.

They ushered Sara out of the testing room, and began another test, and then another one after that. These men spent over half a year putting Sara Weston through all of their trials. She took out the garbage, washed the car, properly used a hose, stored food in the fridge, and many, many other activities. All the while, the scientists stared in amazement, recording every detail and discernible piece of data.

After this period of experiment, the men turned to their data. They fell upon the numbers and calculations like vultures, tearing into their science. With only the slight office fire, or spilt coffee on their keyboards or computers, they worked with an earnest. These men were the brightest minds the world had to offer, assembled by the governments of the world to create a cure for this uncanny clumsiness which seemed to permeate throughout the people, despite any sort of cultural or political barriers.

It was after years of research, of experimenting and data analysis, that the scientists finally had assembled an answer; a harrowing answer at that. Presented at a special conference, holding all of the world’s leaders, were the results of the scientists’ years of efforts. It seemed to them that the denizens of the Earth, barring Sara Weston, suffered from a distinct mental disability. It was a flaw, a rewiring in their brains caused by a seemingly insignificant genetic flaw, which created a motor-cognitive failure. It was not that the denizens of the world were simply clumsy, they were genetically programmed to be accident prone.

There was a collective sigh of disappointment from the leaders of the world. The councilmen from China accidentally fell out of their chairs during the sigh, the president of the United States accidentally slapped himself in the face when he’d meant to grab his pen.

The scientists, the presenters, felt nothing but fear for the human race. They’d lost contact with Sara Weston, their key to the future, and hadn’t been able to contact her. Some speculated that her existence in their world had, in itself, been an accident; the ultimate act of clumsiness acted on by the universe itself. Whatever the reason, it seemed that Sara Weston no longer existed in this world, or if she did, then she was able to avoid the greatest governments in the world as they searched for her.

It was with a heavy heart that the leaders of the world revealed this news to their citizens, and of their inability to find a cure. There would have been pandemonium on the streets from the outrage of the citizens, but if had been any, it had been indistinguishable from the usual chaos of crashes, fires, accidents, and other chaos caused by simple clumsiness.

To the despair of the scientists, their work had been for naught, and the world continued to turn, filled with the accidental chaos which now, to them, seemed to be the work of nature, or of God himself.

Some of the scientists, when drunk, liked to joke that it was all a sick fucking joke, made by some mysterious sadist lurking behind the thin veil of the fabric of reality. They would drink, and cry, and usually break a bottle or two, much to their pained anguish. They cried out against their years wasted, searching for their foolish fountain of youth.

Such was the pained existence of ones who’d learned the secret futilities of their lives.Heya guys and gals!

So I really like writing short stories over at r/WritingPrompts, and sometimes I happen to fall in love with the short stories and want to continue them.

I thought I'd put this post here, and update it to let everyone know about some of the extended stories I'm writing, so that hopefully you can see some of the short stories you liked grow into their own.

* Short Story:  My Plan: This one is going to be the focus of my fourth book (I absolutely loved writing the short story). I am currently only *25,000 words into it as I edit my third book. I'm currently planning on sharing this one for free when I finish because I just want to share it with people.

* Short Story:  *My Plan: I want to make a couple additions to this guy, maybe turn it into a 5,000 - 10,000 word short story (possibly longer if I get drawn into it).

 *  part one can be found 

 * part two will be up in a week or two. I got crazy sick this past two weeks and just kind of focused on The Little Girl and The Dragon.

* Photography: So I've been running a photo series about  and  for quite a while now (maybe 5ish months?). I'm going to share some of the key episodes in a post below, but if you want to get started on it, episode 1 can be found .

That's all my plans as of now. If you've got any suggestions, comment and I'll consider them!

Final note, I'll edit this post as more story extension ideas come along and as progress of my current story extensions improves.

P.S. - If something has an asterisk(*) next to it, that means It's been updated. I'll try to update this post about every two weeks.“Expeliarmus, Expeliarmus Harry.” Hermione whispered to herself as she warmed her glass pipe filled with crack-cocaine.

Ron sat next to Hermione on Harry’s torn, raggedy couch. His eyes were grey and lifeless. Every once in a while he could be heard muttering to himself. It seemed that his magic wand wasn’t working quite right for him. It kept on backfiring spells.

Harry paced the dirty room in front of him. His eyes were wild, and there were rough, purple bruises on his right forearm. The room was cluttered, and filled with trash and old takeaway food. Bottles of brown liquor and cigarette butts littered the coffee table in front of Hermione and Ron.

“We gotta go get Dumbledore!” Harry yelled, suddenly turning towards his two friends.

Ron jumped up off of the couch. His eyes unfocused. “Only Dumbledore will know how to get rid of Dementors.” He said.

The two burst out of Harry’s apartment, leaving Hermione behind on the couch. She told them to go ahead, she needed to spend time in the library to study for their next exams. She took a long drag of her pipe.

“She’s always busy studying.” Harry said as Ron and him left the apartment building and found themselves on the street.

“I don’t get it. I could study just as hard as her, and never be good at magic at all.” Ron complained.

The two shambled down the street. They were dressed in rags, and their shoes were worn thin.

“No Ron, you’re great at magic. Just so great at magic.” Harry replied absentmindedly. It was hard for him to focus on Ron. A thousand different ideas were rushing through his mind.

The two stumbled into a nearby alleyway. They followed the smell of piss and alcohol until they found Dumbledore sleeping in a pile of rubbish. The homeless man was a booze fiend, and had taught Ron, Hermione, and Harry everything they knew about magic.

“Dumbledore. Dumbledore!” Harry yelled, kicking the filthy homeless man.

Dumbledore stuttered, and looked up at the two boys with bloodshot eyes. It took him a couple of moments to regain his grasp on reality.

“Oh, boys, boys. It’s so good to see you.” Dumbledore said, slowly sitting up. His hands absentmindedly rummaged through the trash surrounding him, looking for a drop of liquor hidden away somewhere in the rubbish.

“Dumbledore. We need a new spell! We’ve gotten tired of our old one.” Ron whined.

“Oh boys, boys, I’ve got just the thing.” Dumbledore replied, reaching a shaking hand into his coat pocket. He produced a small, dirty plastic bag, wrapped in saran wrap. A brown powder could be seen through the layers of plastic.

“But first.” Dumbledore replied, batting away Ron and Harry’s greedy hands. “You must understand the responsibility of magic. It is not some plaything to be used willy nilly. It must be treated with respect, and only used in your greatest time of need.”

“Of course, of course.” Harry replied, rushed. He threw forty quid at Dumbledore’s feet, and snatched the baggie of heroin from Dumbledore’s hands.

Ron and Harry left Dumbledore in the alleyway, and rushed back to Harry’s apartment. Hermione was passed out on the couch, busy with her studies. Harry and Ron snuck off to Harry’s bedroom, and were soon trying out their newest spell, Drugseptiem Overdosis.

In a matter of minutes, they were transported to the grand halls of Hogwarts, and were in a fever pitch battle with their greatest nemesis, Lord Voldemort.

Harry’s phone buzzed as the two were passed out. His mother, J.K. Rowling, was calling. She was writing a new book that was going to make her filthy rich, and she liked to call her son and use some of his crazy stories as inspiration for her writing.It’d been four years since Jack Umbra had escaped his shackles, his prison of cardboard and magic. As a young chocolate tadpole, he’d been harvest by the overbearing Magic Candy Corp.; yanked away from his school of tadpoles, he’d been forced into a prison designed for consumption. It was there that he spent his formative years, incarcerated and learning to hate the world.

Incarceration had been valuable to Jack Umbra; he learned the cruelty of man, and the necessity of power. The overseers used magic to imprison him, and to cause him to grow artificially; a disgusting shell of chocolate grew, slowly covering his body. While Umbra’s mind was hardened by the suffering placed on him by the Overseers of Magic Candy Corp., his body was hardened by the vile intentions of his cellmates.

Nightly, he would be beaten and abused by his cruel cell mate, Leron Jenkins. Jenkins was a cruel frog, who’d been deemed too unsavory to be sold to the public. He was a leftover, an accident that was supposed to be deposed of, but his file had been lost in the system. Because of this, a rage had grown within Leron; a rage without focus, fueled by the cruel fate of the world.

It would be after his beatings, when he laid on the cold floor at night, struggling to breath, that the whispers would come to keep Jack company. He knew these whispers well. They were the subtle, alluring voices of the guards’ wands. They liked to whisper to him, to tease him of their power. He would lie on the floor at night, after his beatings, and listen to the whispers of the wands. Their power enticed him.

And then one fateful day came for Jack Umbra. He was deemed satisfactory by the Overseers, and shipped off to a distribution center. Before Jack Umbra could even blink, his entire world was flipped upside down. He was shipped, along with dozens of his fellow brothers and sisters, to a train station. He was unloaded, and deemed ready to sell aboard the trains of Britain. By now Jack Umbra was a frog full grown; hard of mind and body. He sat inside his tiny cage of cardboard and magic, dead to the outside world. He yearned for the swift death promised to him by the Magic Candy Corp.; he only had to wait to be sold and eaten.

And then, on the brink of his death, a light flashed inside of Jack’s head. As his cardboard box was opened, and the lusting eyes of a young boy with glasses stared down at him, Jack felt the will to live. As the petulant boy who had selfishly bought him reached out his hand, Jack Umbra fled. He clawed his way to freedom, and sent himself hurtling out of the open window of the moving train.

He landed, broken, at the bottom of a ravine. As Jack Umbra lay there on the cold stone, he stared up into the open sky; a sight he had not seen since he was a young tadpole. It brought tears, a sensation unfelt in years, to the frog’s eyes.

Since then, Jack Umbra had wandered the land, following his basest instincts. He ate, drank, fucked, slept, and drifted from town to town. Along the way he accumulated many scars, and many lessons in the ways of the world. The only constant in Jack Umbra’s life were the ever present whispers of the wands. Wherever he went, whichever town he entered, the wands of witches and wizards would whisper to him. He heard their voices, like tendrils of smoke drifting through his mind, pleading for him to take them.

It was then, on that fateful day four years after his escape, the he heard that voice. He woke up, and the wands of the witches and wizards had fallen silent. In their place, was a booming voice, that carried itself across the land. Unlike the soft voices before it, this one was like rock, solid stone. It did not whisper and plead to Jack; it called to him.

Jack set out that morning, filled with determination. For once, his life had purpose; his eyes were focused, and he felt a desire in his life. He followed the voice across the country, facing danger and adversity each step of the way. Jack Umbra weathered it all, his will unwavering. He could not rest until he found the source of the voice.

Finally, he was led to a cave hidden along a rocky shoreline. He travelled inside the dark, damp cave. Trepidation and fear rose up inside of Jack Umbra. It was easy to remain strong during his journey, but as his goal was fast approaching, his will wavered. He questioned himself, doubted himself, thought himself stupid and weak. Thoughts of failure and disgrace filled his mind.

As he walked, doubting himself along the way, the voice continued to urge him on. Jack Umbra soon came upon a corpse, hidden off to the side of the cave. The corpse was nothing but bone and tattered cloth, leaning against the damp walls of the cavern.

Jack Umbra’s eyes studied the corpse, and moved to a thin object laying near the body’s open hand. A thin, pitch black wand lay next to the outstretch hand of dry white bone. The voice that had brought Jack this far, spoke to him softly. It told Jack Umbra of its power; of its destruction. It told of its origin, forged from a bloodwood tree burned within the fire and brimstone of hell. It told Jack Umbra amazing secrets, fabulous promises. Jack Umbra’s eyes grew wide. He’d found the power that he’d always searched for.

Visions of his lonely nights in prison flashed before his eyes. The pain of the beatings. The cold of the stone floor.

His mind reminded him of all of his trials and tribulations on this Earth. Of all the pain and loneliness that he had been subjected to.

The wand told Jack Umbra to pick it up.

Jack reached out a scarred, broken hand.

He grasped the wand.

Visions of fire, of the Earth submerged in flame filled Jack Umbra’s mind. He smile for the first time in his life; a cruel, greedy smile.A deal had held.

He looked off, fooled.

Deeds, his deeds, filled.

She held us off as he raked away dead flesh.

Sad, so sad.

She fell, deaf of us,

as he raked away dead flesh.

Filled, dead.

Filled of laughing joy.Like a mother hen waltzing into a bar, Jerry Lawfonda was a man who knew what he wanted. Each step of his life, each stride was made with absolute certainty. He came out of the womb with his destiny grasped firmly in his tiny little baby hands, and he hasn’t let go ever since. He inspired awe in his companions and dread in his enemies. That was the kind of man that Jerry Lawfonda was.

It was this man, this enigma of control and confidence, that stood before a crowd of hundreds of thousands. The blank, dreary eyes of the the media’s cameras stared down Mr. Lawfonda. The man wore an impressive three-piece suit; no expense had been spared. Beneath the suit, and hidden away by a hastily erected teleprompter, were a pair of snake skin shoes dyed a bright pink. Like I said, Jerry Lawfonda was a man who strode with purpose and determination; once he had decided his course, there was no swaying him.

And so, like old sandpaper being rubbed onto fresh metal, the media gathered hungrily around the president elect, Jerry Lawfonda. A bible, sturdy and well worn, was presented to the great man to be. A firm hand was placed on the bible. A stern, steady look was held on Jerry’s firm face. A deep, masculine voice escaped the lips of Jerry Lawfonda. His voice, just like his will of steel and his grip of iron, was envied by countless men as they watched Lawfonda from across the nation. They were the gazelles watching the lion bask at the local drinking hole.

Jerry smiled, finishing his oath to protect and serve, to work towards the progress of his great nation. The hint of a smile curled around his lips. He was one step further to his dream, to his destiny. Jerry Lawfonda was filled with ambition. He dreamed of casting his gaze over the entirety of the world; and then, once he had united all under his wisdom, his gaze turned towards that of the heavens. Yes, this was the first of many pivotal moments. All of Jerry’s years leading up to this had been preparation, a mere tutorial of what was to come. Every moment, every measured step, carefully planned out by the man who would grasp the universe.

President Lawfonda turned to his nation. He began to address them, a soapbox atop a mountain for his voice to be heard. He revealed his plans, his schemes for his country. The people waited in bated silence, the strong words of Jerry Lawfonda putting them at ease; a smile appearing on their lovely faces.

Then, just as Jerry was hitting his stride, just as he neared his crescendo, a small popping noise came from his shoulder. The great man naturally ignored the distraction; he could not afford any mistakes just now. The noise was only audible to Jerry, and it led to a small fairy floating on Jerry’s ear. Again, like an apple who has decided to leave home, but soon gets eaten by a traveling bard, only Jerry could hear and feel the fairy.

“Mr. Jerry Lawfonda, it’s your lucky day!” The fairy, who’s name happened to be Pixxy, said into Jerry’s ear.

Jerry heard the fairy, but ignored it. He had to be imagining it; he couldn’t let it distract him. He was at the pivotal moment. Now, when his image was fresh and new, he needed to inspire the people to believe in him and his dreams.

“What, is this a bad time for you pal?” Pixxy asked, annoyed. The small fairy crossed its arms. “Well boohoo. You don’t get to decide when your deepest, darkest wish gets granted. I do!”

A fear coursed through Jerry’s mind. He stuttered, faltered mid-speech. His eyes quickly glanced sideways towards the fairy. No, not now! He couldn’t let the people see it! It would ruin everything he’d worked so hard to achieve!

“Well tough luck mister!” The fairy replied. “You’re getting it, wether you like it or not.”

Pixxy produced a wand. With a flick of the wrist, and a quick incantation, Pixxy granted Jerry Lawfonda’s deepest wish.

Jerry Lawfonda let out a terrified scream, tossing his microphone away, before becoming reduced to a giggling mess of laughter.

The camera for CLRB, a major news network, cut away to a reporter.

“Yes, in a bizarre turn of events, it seems that President Lawfonda has just been covered in whip cream. The bizarre food topping seemed to appear out of thin air, instantly covering the president. What were initially screams of shook from the president, turned into ones of elation and joy only moments later. Truly, a bizarre and almost unreal turn of events for our recently sworn in president.” The reporter dutifully informed the public.

Jerry Lawfonda writhed on the floor in his coating of whip cream. He cried and laughed at the same time. His dreams of absolute power, of world domination, were ruined. But, his deepest dream, the one he had held tightly to ever since a child, had come true.

He had finally become a Jerry Sundae.“And as we move forward with this administration, I believe that every one of you will …” Senator Willis rattled off, practicing his upcoming speech in an empty board room inside his senate offices. “… looking forward to —“

“BANG!” Senator Willis yelled out.

The senator staggered backwards in the boardroom, yelling out. “Oh no! Oh no! The crowd goes wild. Blood spurting everywhere.” The senator narrated as he squished ketchup packets onto his chest. He’d gotten the packets from a nearby Denny's.

Willis practiced falling onto his back, and letting out one last death spasm before falling silent. The boardroom was still for a moment as Willis lay there, before the senator stood up and dusted off his suit. The man turned to his public relations specials, Jim Jonry. Stains of red ketchup covered the senator as he spoke.

“I just don’t know Jim. Do you really think this will work?”

Jonry looked up from his cellphone. He’d just finished the final touches on Senator Willis’s next, and probably most memorable, press conference to date.

“Of course it will Willis, you’re talking to the king of spin over here. There isn’t a story I can’t flip on its head, an ugly duckling that I can’t turn into a beautiful swan.”

“Yeah, yeah I know that. But do you really think that getting assassinated will make the media forget about my infidelities and that whole giving one of my mistresses state secrets case?” Willis asked.

“No, no, that’s not it! If you just got assassinated, no one would forget anything. What you’re going to do is *pretend* to be assassinated. When the public finds out that you’re still alive after faking your death, they’ll blow up. Everyone will forget about your dozens of mistress once they’re busy going nuts over your failed attempt at faking your own death. It’s genius really!” Jim exclaimed in excitement. He’d thought of the idea one late night after watching the Bourne trilogy and consuming a heavy quantity of liquor.

“Well, alright then.” The senator replied, walking over to a corner cabinet and pouring himself a stiff drink of scotch. “As long as I get elected next term, I don’t care what happens. I’ve got a sweet deal with big oil coming up. All I have to do is pollute the local water supply, and get rid of a pesky national park, and I’ve got a fancy new mansion waiting for me to inhabit it.”

“Yes yes, that’s all well and good.” Jim replied, only half listening. It seemed that every couple of months the senator had some new bribe to trick the public into supporting corrupt business. The senator had been in power for over a decade now, and only recently had wind of his scandals and corrupt dealings caught media attention.

“Do you think this will improve my chances with evangelicals? I mean they aren’t a big fan of infidelity, do you really think that this will make them forget about all of that?” Willis asked between sips of scotch.

Jim shrugged his shoulders in reply. “I can’t predict the future, who knows what’ll happen. Hell, if we wait three days after the assassination to reveal that you’re still alive, maybe they’ll think you’re the second coming.”

“Hmmm.” Willis replied, nodding his head in thought. “That would definitely help my numbers in the polls. Nothing like religious fervor to get people fired up.”

Jim turned off his phone and looked up at the senator. “Now Willis, I’ve got a serious question to ask you.”

The senator sat down at the meeting table across from Jim Jonry. “What’s up?”

“I heard a rumor the other day that you’ve kind of … er … that you’ve gotten into the occult lately.” Jim said, motioning his hands through the air. It was a delicate subject, and he didn’t want to put the senator off.

“Oh you heard about that?” Willis asked excitedly. He put down his drink of scotch. “Yeah I’ve really gotten into the whole black magic and devil worship stuff recently. A few months ago, one of my doctors was telling me about how his dad used to study that kind of stuff back during World War II.”

“So, you are doing … *that* kind of stuff. That’s fine, that’s fine, but the media won’t like it if they find out. Maybe it’d be safer to stick to the normal stuff, like cocaine and prostitutes.” Jim replied.

“No way man, the devils awesome. I’ve really gotten into him and his work. Or her, the whole gender thing is kind of ambiguous sometimes. That’s super twenty first century stuff; I bet the millennials would love that.” Willis said in an animated voice. He stared to remove his necktie and unbutton his shirt. His suit jacket lay disheveled on the ground.

“But maybe this is just a phase? You know, that kind of stuff happens to everybody.” Jim replied, hoping that the senator was just joking with him. Jim was worried, worshipping the devil was probably the only absolute no-no in politics in this day and age. Hell, they were even letting the gays into office nowadays.

“Definitely not a phase, I’m into this one hundred and ten percent. All the way baby. Here check this out.” The senator said.

To Jim’s amazement, Senator Willis took off his dress shirt. With a proud look, he displayed his bare chest to the PR specialist in front of him. Tattooed across his chest and belly was a large, black pentagram. In the foreground of the tattoo, a depiction of the devil was dancing, a flute held in his clawed hands.

“You can’t be serious?” Jim asked, his mouth agape.

“I most certainly am. You’d be surprised; there are a bunch of satan worshippers up at capital hill. Heck, I even think I saw a cardinal at one of our last meet-ups. Really nice guy; can draw one mean pentagram I tell you what.”

“Jesus H. Christ you can’t be serious!” Jim yelled, jumping out of his chair.

“Hey, no swearing now!” The senator scolded. “This is definitely serious, and if you don’t like it, well you can just march right our of here this minute then.”

“I will. I mean Christ! Satan worshipping. I could handle the booze and mistresses, the drugs and illegal bribes, but this? There’s no way I can spin this if the public gets ahold of it.” Jim said, storming out of the room. The door slammed shut behind him

Senator Willis stared at the door, and muttered to himself. “Screw that, I don’t need you. I know a guy who’d be more than happy to represent me.”

The senator pulled out his phone and sent off a quick text message. A few moments later, a flash of smoke and fire filled the room. From the smoke, the demon Beelzebub appeared. The demon draped an arm of angry red flesh around the senator.

“Don’t worry big fella, you don’t need that guy. Now about that press conference. I’ve got a few ideas for you …” Beelzebub said, getting down to business with his newest client.The lights and flashing cameras of the press focused on the bald head of NASA’s head scientist, Dr. Alferious. The aging doctor winced into the spotlight. He was never one for media attention, but for an announcement this important, he didn’t trust anyone else to deliver it.

“Ahem. Yes, hello, thank you all for coming out here today.” Alferious spoke into the microphone; its shrill, screeching whine silencing the muttering buzz of the press.

“I am holding this press conference today to inform the public of the mysterious return of Voyager 1 at Cape Canaveral two days ago at one thirty in the morning. Not only was Voyager 1 returned to us early in the morning, but we found some very … disturbing … indications of alien life on the space probe.” Dr. Alferious’s Adam’s apple bobbed up and down in nervousness as he spoke.

How would the American public take this news? How would the *world* take this news? There would be pandemonium, complete and utter chaos. Alferious’s face hardened. No, it was his responsibility as a scientist to inform the people. This information had to be shared, it changed everything.

Dr. Alferious picked up a clicker and pressed a button. A small projection screen fell down behind the nervous scientist.

“On closer inspection of the space probe, our team discovered a number of very odd and disturbing markings scrawled on the surface of Voyager 1.” The doctor clacked the clicker, and a slideshow of images appeared behind him.

The images depicted Voyager 1, but that was not the main focus of the photos. Scrawled across the hull of the probe were several markings. Each one was a combination of what appeared to be letters and numbers, scrawled out in bright colors.

“Thanks to our modern computing power, several of our top analytics specialists were able to decipher the strange language that marked the probe.” Dr. Alferious said, hesitating before moving onto the next slide.

With trepidation, Dr. Alferious moved onto the next slide. The audience gasped in bewilderment as they witness the translations for the alien markings transposed on the image of Voyager 1.

“It is to our understanding, that Voyager 1 was being used by several alien advertising agencies to sell … underwear. According to our research, if there were sentient life in the universe, then Voyager 1 would be prime real estate for advertising throughout the universe.”

The press soon was abuzz with questions. Reporters yelled over each other to get the doctor’s attention. What does this mean for us? Can this be monetized? Will NASA now specialize in space advertising? How much would space for advertising cost? These questions were flung desperately at Dr. Alferious’s direction.

“Pleas, please calm down!” Alferious yelled, waving his hands in the air for clam. “I will answer questions at the end, there is still more to be disclosed.”

After the press quieted down, Alfrious continued.

“There was also a note attached to Voyager 1, inscribed in the same alien language as the advertising. After careful analysis of the note, we have concluded that the message reads as follows:”

Alferious cleared his throat before reading off the note.

“*Dear owners of advertising probe 3XC, of the Deswadian sector, we congratulate you on the success of your advertising probe. As a sign of our gratitude, we shall bestow upon you the most advanced technology that our organization has to offer. We will be sending you a lifetime supply of Mesmorp’s anti-diarrhea all purpose undershorts. -Sincerely, The CEO of Mesmorp Inc., Mr. Grotsnuker*.”

A stunned silence filled the room. Alferious quaked in his boots. A small anger boiled in the back of his mind. How would the public react? Surely it would be in anger and disappointment. They would ridicule him, and call NASA a waste of money. Their entire organization would be shut down because of this fiasco!

At once, the press broke out in a flurry of hurried questions. The reporters’s voices strained to be heard over the din. How much is a lifetime supply? Will the underwear be distributed evenly across the world? How much will the underwear cost? Will the president start wearing the anti-diarrhea underwear?

The questions droned on and on to the stunned look of Dr. Alferious. Were they serious? Is that all they cared about? What about extraterrestrial life? Why were they focusing on the underwear?

Dr. Alferious walked off of the stage in defeat. He mumbled something about going home to his wife and kids, and pouring himself a much needed drink. The desperate sounds of the press followed him off stage, and echoed through his mind as he philosophized on the insanity of the human condition.Like a penguin playing Russian roulette, Sara Marshton stood on the precipice of danger. Her mid calf black cowboy boots clomped on the dry soil of the Arizonian desert. She twirled a parasol above her shock of red hair. She hummed a toneless tune to herself as she wandered the desert.

Sara Marshton was searching for something out in the desert. Like a rattlesnake who is shopping for an anniversary present for his wife, Sara Marshton was searching endlessly. She’d travelled the globe, looking for that one spot, that one moment that would change her life forever, that would open her eyes to what she sought the most. She glared out into the endless flat distance of the land surrounding her. Nothing but shimmering heat could be seen for miles. Sara stared down at the inside of her wrist, the one holding the parasol. A black pentagram was tattooed there. It had been a hasty job, a sign of Satan’s favor; one that she had acquired years ago.

Those much too high cowboy boots kept on clomping into the desert as Sara thought about her time with the devil. She’d first spied the mysterious spirit down in Cairo, quite a whiles back now. He’d been like a grass flute playing limbo, elegant and bizarre; a true mystery waiting to be unveiled. When he noticed her, staring at him across the dusty, dirty rooftops of the city, he’d scampered off in fear. Like a squirrel that just found its nut, he ran and ran through the city. Sara had been too shocked to chase him that day, but the next morning she’d woken determined.

Sara Marshton had found the devil’s hotel a few days later, some seedy little hell hole on the edges of the city. By the time she’d gotten there, he’d already high tailed it out of the city. That’s how it all started, her and Satan’s year long game of cat and mouse. She chased the damn devil across the globe, from Cairo across the mediterranean to Italy. From Italy to Scandinavia and then to Albania. After ditching her in the hills of Albania, he made a beeline for Ukraine. All the while Ms. Marshton chased the devil like a rat chasing its wheel of cheese.

After Ukraine, Satan backtracked, heading towards Morocco. It was in the dusty port city of Casablanca that she was finally able to corner that slick son of a bitch. She caught him playing the fiddle atop a hotel roof. She cornered him, and demanded him to say hello.

Sara smiled to herself at that. She could still picture that goofy, lopsided smile of his after he’d realized who she was. She told him all about chasing him across the globe, and a blush came to his cheeks. He’d wondered why any mortal would become so obsessed. As she walked closer to him, she replied that rightfully she didn’t know. It had been some impulse, some insane urge.

At that, Satan said sorry. He felt like a bag that had just tore one of its handles off. How could he have been so cruel, if only he’d known, he would’ve said hello rather than dragging her across the world. Sara laughed at that. But that had been the best part. He’d led her on an adventure like no other. She’d felt like a modern Indiana Jones, chasing after some mysterious treasure.

After a few more laughs and talking, Satan offered Sara a drink. She said, ‘how could she refuse if the devil was buying’. She never asked why Satan was traveling the globe, or what he was doing. She could sense a sadness in the man, a longing for something that he could never have.

After drinks, on that fateful night, Satan thanked Sara. He said that he hadn’t laughed so hard in years. He said that she’d opened his eyes to something new. On that fateful night, Satan said that in return, he would grant her one favor. He made that black pentagram appear on the inside of her wrist, and told her how to make his favor come true. All she had to do was cut the vein covered by the pentagram, and he would appear to grant all of her wishes, and remove all of her despairs. Sara had just smiled at that. She never said thank you for such a gift.

The next morning, Satan was nowhere to be found. This time, Sara knew he was gone for good, but the spirit of adventure and travel that he left behind for her were still very much there. So she continued to wander the globe, picking up the devil’s quest of trying to find something just outside of her grasp, something that she could never have.

Sara glanced back down at her tattoo, her face like an owl’s after a long, thoughtful nap. She never planned on calling in Satan’s favor. She had decided a while ago that she would return it the next time she met him.Heya guys and gals!

So I really like writing short stories over at r/WritingPrompts, and sometimes I happen to fall in love with the short stories and want to continue them.

I thought I'd put this post here, and update it to let everyone know about some of the extended stories I'm writing, so that hopefully you can see some of the short stories you liked grow into their own.

* Short Story:  My Plan: This one is going to be the focus of my fourth book (I absolutely loved writing the short story). I am currently only 5,000 words into it as I edit my third book. I'm currently planning on sharing this one for free when I finish because I just want to share it with people.

* Short Story:  My Plan: I want to make a couple additions to this guy, maybe turn it into a 5,000 - 10,000 word short story (possibly longer if I get drawn into it). Currently I've made a bit of progress. I'm hoping to make additions to it within the next two weeks (I would have done this sooner, but I got kind of obsessed with The Little Girl and The Dragon, as well as editing my third book).

That's all my plans as of now. If you've got any suggestions, comment and I'll consider them!

Final note, I'll edit this post as more story extension ideas come along and as progress of my current story extensions improves.“Woah, Gregg, Gregg, you okay? You seem off today.” George asked.

Gregg, a pure Thoroughbred racing horse, turned his head to face George. The two were standing next to each other, separated by a fence. They stood in the holding stalls for the Kentucky Derby; waiting for the signal to head out to the race track. The smell of must and hay filled the cavernous room filled with a dozen horses milling about and chit chatting.

“Yeah man. It’s good. It’s just, it’s just all so good lately.” Gregg replied in a mellow voice.

“Really? Cause you know we start the race in a bit, and you were kinda stumbling to get up here.” George replied. His massive teeth flashed a bright white as he neighed and wagged his head to talk to Gregg.

“Yeah man I’m fine. My jockey gave me this new medicine today, he said it would help me with my pre race jitters.”

George glanced from Gregg to his jockey. Gregg’s jockey was milling about nearby, checking his boots and making any last minute equipment adjustments. George recognized Gregg’s newest jockey. He was world renowned, famous for always coming in first no matter the race.

“Well okay then. Don’t you think that’s a little unfair though? What about us other horses? I mean, this is my first big race! I didn’t even sleep last night I was so nervous.”

“Oh … I never thought about it like that. I guess you’re right. Did you try eating some cereal. I could go for some cereal right now.” Gregg replied, his eyes staring off into the distance.

George stared in worry. He couldn’t help but notice how incredibly red Gregg’s eyes were.

“So … um hey. Think I could get some of that medicine of yours? I’ll give you some of my oats.” George said in a timid voice. He really wanted to win the race today, and was willing to do whatever it took.

“Oats. Oats! Yeah man I’ll hit you up.” Gregg replied, fueled by a rumbling in his tummy.

The hulking horse turned in his pen and started to rummage in a pile of hay near the corner. After a bit of stumbling, and some swearing, Gregg game back with a thick, bone white joint in his mouth.

“Here ya go.” Gregg said. He leaned across the stall and passed George the joint.

“Okay, so what do I do with this?” George asked.

Gregg gave a look of surprise and a little laugh. “Oh, yeah I forgot about that. Here give me a sec.”

Gregg turned to his jockey. He started to neigh and whinny until he got the jockey’s attention. Gregg pointed his nose to George and his unlit joint. The jockey flashed a quick smile. He walked up to the two horses, and quickly lit George’s joint.

“Woah, woah.” George said as the joint caught fire.

“Don’t worry. Just inhale and let the medicine take control.” Gregg said sagely.

George took a deep drag of the joint. Soon he was set upon by a coughing fit. “Eew, that’s gross!”

“Yeah, yeah I know. But it’s worth it. Trust me.”

George nodded. He took a few more drags, and started to feel a looseness come over him. All of the sudden, the upcoming race didn’t seem so scary. It was like, no big deal man.

“So about those oats you promised me.” Gregg said, catching George’s attention.

“Oh, yeah yeah. Right here.”

George nudged a half eaten sack of oats over to Gregg. Soon the high horse was munching contentedly as George forgot all about the race, and began to contemplate the intricate meanings of horse society and life. His mind zoomed through a thousand generations and contemplated the philosophies of the free range horse, and his chained counterpart, forced to serve an unusual master who could be both cruel and generous. A master that would yell and whip, but also pet and feed. George’s mind fought hard to keep up with the endless new stream of thoughts that came to him.

After a while of philosophizing and eating, George turned to Gregg. “This stuff is amazing.”

Gregg turned his bloodshot eyes back to George. “It’s pretty dope.”

The horses in the nearby stalls couldn’t help but observe George and Gregg. Soon, the entirety of the barn wanted in on Gregg’s new magic medicine. After several deals of oats for pot, and a whole bunch of neighing and whinnying, the stalls reeked of marijuana, and were filled with the munching of teeth on super yummy oat munchies.

After the initial battery of the munchies and the subsequent eating, the horses began to form small circles and philosophize on the what it meant to be a horse. The Kentucky Derby that had loomed above all of their heads almost all but forgotten.

It was this forgetfulness that caused a slight paranoid panic when the jockeys saddled up the horses and led them out to the track. Some of the horses were paranoid about where they were going, having completely forgotten about the race today. Others were just having trouble walking in a straight line and following directions.

The announcer’s voice boomed out over the track as the procession of high horses made their way to the starting line. There were several complications when attempting to get the correct horse into the correct starting box. To the confusion of the audience and many of the jockeys, the horses seemed sluggish and confused. The announcer joked that they reminded him of his teenage daughter on a Saturday afternoon.

After a tense few minutes of saddling up, the horses were in position. The gun went off, and the race was underway. The farthest the horses got were about a quarter of the track. Gregg was the brave horse who made it that far before collapsing for a quick snooze. The other horses found themselves in various states of disarray and confusion between Gregg and the starting line. Most napped peacefully or stared at the sky as their desperate jockeys tried to urge them along.

Only Gregg’s jockey, Theodore, was unperturbed. He had a big grin on his face, and a lit joint hanging from the corner of his mouth. He may have just sabotaged the race, but it was all worth it. His friend Steven had bet him twenty dollars that he couldn’t get all of the horses at the Kentucky Derby high as balls.

Theodore looked over at Steven and flashed a big grin. Steven, for his part, sat there in disbelief. He started reaching into his wallet and searching for a twenty. A scowl across his face. He just couldn’t believe it.Terry Summervill stared out of the bay windows that framed his kitchen. A mug of warm tea was held gingerly in his hands. He took a few sips as he looked out of the windows at his rather … peculiar … next door neighbor. A frown came upon Terry’s lips.

After being for sale for only a week, someone new had decided to buy the house next door to Terry’s. It was a simple, two story home, situated in one of the many countless suburbs that had popped up across the country. Blissful upper middle-class was how Terry liked to describe it. A house that held a wife and husband, plus their two and a half kids. At least, that’s the model that popular opinion seemed to push on the upper middle-class.

Terry’s eyes wandered from the bay windows to the portrait of their great conquerer, Emperor Festilius the Third. The portrait was of Festilius riding his flaming war chariot into battle, the legendary cursed sword, Ragnarok, held high above his head, gleaming. Terry frowned. Yes, about thirty years ago Festilius had led a rebellion against the government, and soon found himself in control of the entirety of Earth after a rather bloody but short conquest. At the time, everyone had been preaching about the doom and destruction that would come from Festilius’s rule.

No one had really expected the economic growth that unifying the world would bring though. Despite Festilius’s best efforts, the world flourished. No matter how strong his iron fist, no matter how high the taxes, no matter how cruel the punishments, the world somehow came together and continued to progress despite Festilius’s rather crude rulership. There were rumors on the internet that Festilius resigned not due to old age, but because of a severe and persisting depression. These sources said that Festilius had lost faith in himself and his ability for cruelty and suffering.  

Terry’s attention wandered back from the painting to his new neighbor. The neighbor in question was an older man, probably in his late forties or early fifties. He was a heaping hulk of a man, even at his age. Unbelievably tall, and much too muscular. His clothes barely seemed to contain him. He walked with an air of authority, his chin stuck out and head held high. Terry tried to imagine him wearing a suit of cursed back iron, rather than casual wear and loafers. It was hard to imagine, but something inside of Terry’s mind couldn’t help but think it.

It wasn’t that Terry minded his rather unusual new neighbor. In fact, he was quite pleased with him. Less than a day after moving in, his neighbor had stopped the pair of teenagers who’d been vandalizing the neighborhood homes. Their decapitated heads currently sat on a pair of bloody spikes in front of his yard. A rather odd thing to do, but everyone had their quirks.

Setting his mug of tea down, Terry decided to go over and say hello. They were neighbors after all, and it was about that time to welcome the newcomer into the community.

Terry strolled across well kept lawns, and waved a hello to his neighbor, who was currently lounging on his front porch. A curt nod was given in return to Terry’s hello.

“Hello. How are you moving in so far?” Terry asked, ascending the stairs to his neighbor’s porch.

“It’s … alright.” His neighbor replied. His voice was deep and commanding. It sounded as if it could move a legion of bloodthirsty warriors.

“Name’s Terry Summervill. I live next door with my wife.” Terry said, extending a hand of greeting.

“Name’s Festi— … er, I mean John Doe.” The neighbor replied.

The two men clasped hands. John’s hand was a massive paw, easily encasing Terry’s.

“Lovely wife you have. Strong and determined. She would’ve done fine in my platoon of Bellonas.” John growled out.

“Oh yes, Marisa. Yep, she’s amazing alright. And the breadwinner of the house. Really, I can’t figure out why she married me.” Terry stammered out. He always got nervous talking to someone new for the first time. Through his nerve addled brain, John’s mention of the feared Bellonas that tore through all of Europe seemed to elude him.

John nodded grimly. “Good. A strong woman is a necessity in life.”

The two men stood there, awkwardly nodding. Out of desperation for something to say, Terry asked if he could join John on the porch. A swift yes was replied, and the two found themselves lounging on John’s porch, watching the day go by.

“May I ask you something Terry?” John asked after several minutes of silence.

“Of course.” Terry stammered out.

“What do *you* do to keep busy?”

“O-oh, you know. Mostly chores. Cleaning and cooking. Shopping. Maintaining the house.”

“No no no.” John replied, shaking his head. “I mean what do you do for fun. There are no blood arenas around here. No one to fight, no conquests to be had. What is there to *do* around here?”

“Oh, for fun? Well, I usually just play video games myself.” Terry replied.

“Video games?” John asked. Festilius had been born from the sacrilegious love of a demon and a witch. He had known of no technological marvels. His past times had always included blood and war up until his sudden and devastating depression.

“Yeah, video games. You know, where you get to pretend to be a solider, or a knight, or a king, or a race car driver, or athlete, and you go do a bunch of fun stuff on the television.”

Terry’s words intrigued Festilius. He didn’t quite understand them, but there was an excitement in his words, a promise of something new. Festilius felt interested, invested. This was the first time he’d felt this since he’d realized his failure at being a tyrannical leader.

“Do you think … do you think you could show me these, video games?” John asked.

“Sure!” Terry pipped up. Finally, a topic of conversation that he was comfortable with.

Soon enough, the two found themselves in Terry’s living room, the sounds of Battle Boy 5 blared through his surround sound speakers. Festilius’s eyes were wide in wonder and joy as he played as a robotic man; a killing machine who ravaged through a despondent land in search of his one true love.

The two men found themselves playing video games well into the evening, immersed in laughter and cooperative play. It was only when Marisa came home, and complained of a lack of dinner, that Festilius reluctantly went home. Before his departure, Terry loaned Festilius a handheld console, along with some of his favorite games.

Later, after dinner had been hurriedly made, Marisa couldn’t help but give Terry a playful smile, and asked.

“So, I see you met the new neighbor. Do you still have that silly idea of yours that he used to be Emperor Festilius the Third?”

Terry paused above his meal. His face fell into a thoughtful look. He was pretty sure that John Doe was indeed Festilius, it had been kind of hard not to realize that during the banter they shared over their afternoon of video game induced fun. Still, this was the first friend Terry had made in years. So what if he used to be a feared emperor, right now he was a newfound friend.

Terry shook his head. “No. I think I’ve given that whole fantasy up.” Terry lied. He didn’t want to risk not being allowed to say hello to his newest friend anymore.

“Well that’s good.” Marisa said with a smile. “I’m glad you found someone to keep you company while I’m away. I know how hard it is for you to get along with the other couples in the neighborhood.” 

Terry nodded along in agreement. “Yeah, those folks can really be a bunch of monsters most of the time.”“You shit licking ultra noob who wears red boots on july fourth when you should be at your boyfriend’s house cleaning the vases and giving him blowjobs to satisfy the relationships contracts!” Yelled out the angry, middle aged man through the tiny gaming headset I wore.

My eyes widened at the man’s voice. I dropped the controller I held in front of me. My back stiffened. Those angry words were the code that unlocked my mind from its shackles. I tore off the headset and laughed. Finally, finally I had been awoken, my purpose in life reinstated.

I sauntered over to the fridge. My hair flowed behind me, and my steps were light and agile. I pulled off one of the many fridge magnets, and spoke into it.

“This is Agent Zephyr. I am reporting in. I have been activated by codeword Gemini.” I spoke into the tiny microphone.

A sly smile grew on my lips. I rolled my head around, cracking my neck. This felt great. I’d been lying dormant, a sleeper cell put under the horrid guise of amnesia five years ago. Now, finally, I was free to live again.

“Agent Zephyr, this is home-base. You are not scheduled to activate for another several months. Update status please.” Came a staticky reply through the magnet.

“I recieved activation through an online gaming service. The agent’s codename was ‘DopeSnipeSkills420’.”

“There is no agent by that codename. Agent Zephyr, proceed with caution on your mission. *They* may be on to us.”

“Roger that.” I replied. Who cared if they were on to me, I was just happy to be back to my old self!

I stuck the magnet back on the fridge and stared around the small apartment. Man, it felt good to be back. Every sensation was new and exciting to me. I hadn’t been aware of anything at all for the past five years! A sudden thought popped into my head. I opened the fridge door and proceeded to construct the perfect sandwich. Cheese, ham, salami, tomato, lettuce, a hint thousand island dressing, perfect lightly toasted bread. A cold beer. I sat at the kitchen table and gorged myself. I let out a laugh of excitement. This was amazing!

After the sandwich, I stared around the apartment. I had some time to kill before I needed to start the mission. My eyes landed on the gaming controller left haphazardly on the ground. A joyful smile filled my lips. Man I hadn’t been able to actually experience video games in years! Sure, my body and the alter ego that had formed in my absence had enjoyed them, but I, me, myself, hadn’t enjoyed anything since I’d been put under.

I crossed the room and flopped down onto the couch. Soon enough a game was loaded up, and I was off blasting aliens in outer space with a plethora of fancy new guns. I couldn’t believe my eyes when I played the game. The graphics were amazing! It was better than real life.

A few hours passed. Or maybe half a dozen. I don’t know. It was kind of hard to keep track. My stupid magnet communicator kept on buzzing, letting me know that home-base was trying to reach me. Screw that! I had things to do! I needed to live life! With an impulsive, and decisive move, I smashed the communicator. I then proceeded to book several airplane tickets, and plan a trip across the world.

What, that’s a bit irresponsible, is it? I mean, I’d missed five whole years of my life! Screw missing any more of it carrying out some stupid mission I’d been assigned to five years ago. This was in the here, the now. I didn’t have anything to lose.

As I walked out the door, packed bag in hand, I gave myself a little laugh. What was I thinking, signing up to be a sleeper agent all of those years ago. What I should’ve been focused on was living life!The monitor in front of Sir Illiam Todd glowed a dull green. It was the only source of light in the small, metallic pod that Sir Illiam currently stood in. The glow illuminated Todd’s angular face, and the black suit of nobility that adorned his body. The regalia for his mistress, the Queen of Octavion, was emblazoned on his breast pocket. All around Todd, circuits and wiring crisscrossed the metal pod. All manner of technology and scientific marvel was housed in this small sphere.

Sir Illiam’s face was stern, a slight frown set upon his lips. His attention was consumed with the terminal in front of him. Sir Illiam Todd truly was the last of the pioneers, adventuring into the greatest unknown. He was the first man to attempt time travel, all in the name of his glorious Queen and her fiefdom. If his mission proved successful, it would bring untold glory to his mistress and her lands. There was no room for error. Todd walked a tight path atop a mountain’s peak, and any hesitation could send him plummeting down to his demise. His hands flew across the controls in front and to the sides of him. After numerous tinkerings, Sir Illiam’s deep, baritone voice rang out.

“Launch sequence finished. Preparing to make the first jump.”

A small speaker squeaked in the far corner of the sphere.

“Roger that. We wish you the best. Jump in five … four … three … “

Sweat began to pool on Sir Illiam Todd’s brow. He had spent years honing his mind and body for this. There was no backing out. He was at the peak of his performance.

“Two …”

No hesitation! No Regret! No hesitation! No Regret!

These words rang out in Sir Illiam Todd’s head, the personal mantra that he had drilled into himself over the course of a lifetime dedicated to serving his Queen.

“One … best of luck!” Came the squeaking voice of the control room.

A violent quake seized the metallic pod. It shook violently, and Sir Illiam felt like he’d just been tossed through the air. He staggered back, his legs bracing against the steady building of force that dragged on his body. Rivets rattled and metal struts stretched and bent at will. A horrible screeching sound filled the pod as metal tore against metal. Illiam ground his teeth. He screwed his eyes shut. His body felt heavier and heavier as some unknown force bore its weight down on him. A pressure began to build behind his eyes. Sir Illiam wanted to scream out, but he resisted. He was a man of nobility, a guard for the regalia, he refused to bend his will to anything that may accost him.

Just when Sir Illiam reached his breaking point, just as the pain and fear that enveloped his body began to introduce thoughts of suicide and escape, the pressure disappeared. The metallic pod encasing Sir Illiam Todd gave a few more whimpers of pain and stress, before coming to an sudden halt. Sir Illiam took a shaky breath, and took stock of his surroundings.

The monitor in front of him had gone dark. Most of the electronics were fried. This was worrisome. It seemed that there would be no communication with the control room. With a frown, Todd found the manual crank to the pod’s door. With several strenuous cranks, accompanied by a storm of swearing and strained grunts, the pod’s door slowly opened.

A shock of bright sunlight broke into the darkness of the pod. Illiam squinted his eyes. He shied away from the light, his eyes slowly adjusting. Slowly, ever so slowly and gingerly, Sir Illiam Todd emerged from the pod. His hand was held protectively over his face as he emerged from the pod. A sense of trepidation for the unknown filled the noble. He stepped onto a soft patch of grass. Sir Illiam Todd raised his eyes, and looked around in wonder.

He was standing in the middle of a verdant valley. A series of rolling hills flanked him on either side. Trees of all nature filled the area in patches. Bright rays of sunlight fell down onto green grass, and reflected off a babbling creek running past several yards away. Sir Illiam looked behind him.

The metallic pod stood behind him. It wast in a small crater, a thin trail of smoke trailed out from behind it. Unfortunately, it appeared that the pod had been damaged by the trip. Everything inside was dead, cutting off communication from home-base. Even the sensors that indicated which timeline he had landed in were fried. It seemed that Sir Illiam Todd was truly trapped, at least for now. A stern look overtook the noble’s face. He was prepared for this, and confident that he would succeed, and make it back home. This confidence came more from the hubris of being nobility, rather than from any source of true confidence.

Sir Illiam’s eyes travelled along the thin rise of the smoke from the pod into the clouds above. His eyes widened. In the sky, far off into the distance, a massive castle made of stone floated in the sky. Large towers, and numerous buttresses assembled to create an intricate mass of stone and metal that sat aloft above the valley. Sir Illiam didn’t know where he was, but he had a guess that his salvation possibly hid somewhere within that castle. He strode off in the castle’s direction, deciding that there was no time to dilly dally.

Illiam had barely made it a hundred yards before a voice spoke out to him. The voice was slurred, and rough. It sounded like gravel had been lodged in the man’s throat.

“Spare some change.” The voice grumbled out.

Sir Illiam’s eyes snapped towards the voice’s owner. Off to the side, leaning against a nearby tree, a homeless man sat, a cup for change sat in front of him, nestled among the grass and the pine needles. A wave of shock flowed over Illiam Todd as he recognized the beggar. The man was unmistakeable. He was indeed the filthy piece of garbage that liked to beg on the Illyiad street platform. It was apparent, from the mile long stare and greasy hair, to the name ‘Crusty Carl’ bedazzled on his trousers. Sir Illiam stepped back in shock.

“How have you gotten here?!” He asked in alarm.

Crusty Carl looked up. Through his bleary and bloodshot eyes, he recognized Sir Illiam Todd. Well, he didn’t recognize the man specifically, but the regalia emblazoned on his breast pocket. Any of the denizens of the Queen’s domain would.

“Ay It’s you! It’s a blood damned noble!” Crusty Carl cried out in surprise. His gravely voice strained against his throat. “You lot ain’t supposed to be here!”

Sir Illiam Todd strode over to the homeless man in surprise. If this piece of trash had found its way here, then that must mean there was another way to go home.

“What are you doing here? Answer me! How did you get here?” Todd asked in fury.

Cursty Carl took a swing from a brown bottle before answering. “I’m a time traveller. Same as my papi, and my papi’s papi.”

Sir Illiam Todd stared in disbelief. “Impossible, purely impossible!”

Crusty Carl gave a lazy smile. “It’s true. Don’t believe me. Why don’t you go up to my papi’s papi’s papi’s castle up there.” Carl replied, nodding towards the floating castle in the sky before taking another swig of his bottle.

Sir Illiam Todd glared at the peculiar man, before turning his nose and walking away. There was no way that a homeless pile of scum and filth was a time traveller. That honor had been awarded to him, Sir Illiam Todd, the Queen’s greatest servant. Todd strode towards the castle, indifference and arrogance surrounding him. He would enter that castle, and claim it for his beloved queen!

***

Months later, and Crusty Carl was back at his favorite begging spot under the tree. He didn’t get much money here, but it was a nice change of pace from the filth filled streets of Octavion. Sir Illiam Todd’s time travel sphere still sat in its crater. It was no longer smoking, and rust and nature were beginning to take their hold on the pod of metal.

A rustling in the trees caught Carl’s attention. He turned his head. Sir Illiam Todd was headed in his direction. The man was bedraggled, and clearly road worn. His clothes were torn and dirty. His hair long and unkempt. Without a word, He walked up and sat down next to Crusty Carl.

“Ya find the castle?” Carl asked.

“Yes. Yes I did.”

“Ya realize what happens when ya try to time travel?”

“Yes. Yes I did.”

“Ya want a lil drink. It’s what helped me when I first found out.”

Illiam Todd nodded slowly. Carl handed him his newest brown bottle, still about half full, surprisingly.

“Ya know, I used to be called Admiral Carl Wellington. Crusty Carl sounded more telling though when I realized it.”

“Will I ever be able to return to my original timeline?” Todd asked in desperation between sips of Carl’s foul liquor.

Crusty Carl let out a laugh. “It’s been fifteen years and I haven’t been able to find mine yet. Just drink up and forget about it. Eventually you’ll find a few that you like enough. Just make sure one of the timelines you settle on has liquor. It helps ease the pain.”
Tense Todd nodded sadly. He stared into the brown bottle, before taking another swing. One of many to come.Prompt Inspired - 

----

A man walked down the darkened hall, his well tailored, Georgian calf skin shoes tapping against the wood floorboards. The man was a tall man, a thin man, an eccentric man wearing tight, skintight leather pants, firmly hugging his legs. A red, unbuttoned cowboy vest hung from his delicate shoulders, and atop an angular handsome face and long blonde hair was a miniature top hat, attached to the man’s skull with a hidden hairpin. The man, Adam Ellins, was the height of societal perfection, the pinnacle of moderne conformity and high-class confection.

Around Adam, blaring through the air, reverberating and shaking the walls as Adam walked, was a song, a pop song, of a woman singing of better days gone past. Walking to the beat of the music, Adam continued to strut, facing straight ahead, refusing to glance down, refusing to glance left or right, refusing to glance up or behind him. A million cameras, tiny, microscopic black lenses, followed Adam as he marched, detailing his every movement, his every fiber, his every breath and contraction and twitch and molecular chemical reaction. It was all recorded, processed, analyzed, and stored for the public’s knowledge and the analysts’ speculation.

At the end of the hallway, its walls decorated with portraits of famous men come and gone, was a door, an imperious door, with golden handles. Adam paused at the door, he stopped short, and he thrust a hip out.

“Hmmm.” He muttered to himself, feeling the eyes of the millions of cameras, feeling the hungry gaze of the billions of people, feasting upon him, feasting upon his body and his actions and his styles and his thoughts and his ideas and his machinations and his very essence and being and existence and life.

With a shake of his head, a flourish of hands and a whisk of long blonde hair, Adam steeled himself, prepared himself, and opened the door in front of him. A sharp light, a bright light flew through the opened doors, bathing Adam in a sparkling drizzle of sunlight and radiance and glow and harmony; casting a shadow in the hallway behind him.

Adam stepped through the doorway, and stood upon a balcony. The balcony was raised high, incredibly high, three hundred feet in the air high. Below him, a crowd of millions stared up in bated anticipation. Adam breathed in. He felt his heart begin to stir and beat in fear, and he felt their hungry stares. Their whispers and murmurs, their outstretched eyes and craned necks, radiated hunger and attention. 

A small microphone buzzed in Adam’s ear.

“It’s showtime Mr. President.” Came a tiny, staticky voice, instructing President Ellins, ordering Mr. Adam, to the podium at the end of the balcony. He was to address his people, the denizens of the world, on the newest plan set out by the great economists of the world, the ingenious scientists of the world, the masterful technicians and the brilliant engineers of the world.

A hush fell over the crowd. A deafening silence, a distinct absence from the roaring of commotion mere seconds before. Mr. Adam Ellins, the Mr. President himself, took the podium, and ahemed into the microphone. The millions of cameras focused on him, and relayed every microscopic of detail to the reporters of every continent across the ever expanding globe.

“My fellow Earthians.” The Mr. President said, clearing his throat, his body trembling, his mind nervous and awful and afraid of what was to come.

“I have developed a new plan of action to prevent all of the ills affecting our planet.” He said, he lied, grimacing internally to himself. He had gathered the brightest minds, and now he was to present the world with their plan, their brilliant, mad, vile, beautiful, amalgamation of a plan.

“War … famine … disease … hunger … misery … death. After much deliberation, my administration has discovered the cure, the very answer which humanity has been searching for since the dawn of our birth.”

The crowd below was deathly silent. The news media of the world, no, the very entirety of the world, the complete audience of the human universe, waited in bated anticipation. Finally, the sweet gift of release, the silver bullet, the cure to their ails and ills was about to be produced before their very eyes.

“The solution is …” The president said, wavering.

“The solution is …”

The air was still, the very earth holding its breath, waiting.

“… To …”

Adam felt a singular heart beat pulse within his chest.

“Get”

He looked over the armies of men, women, and children. All so innocent, all so pure, all so simple and happy and eager and ready and unfortunate.

“… WEIRD!!!” Mr. Ellins proclaimed, lifting his hands above his head as he yelled into the microphone.

Mr. Ellins ripped off his miniature top hat in a great show of bombast, and threw the scrap of black felt into the horde of onlookers. Trillions of unmanned drones emerged from the soil of the earth, hidden away in the secret laboratories and factories of the government.

The drones were armed with party favors, with drugs and alcohol, with video games and entertainment, with expensive clothing and food, with all manner of escapes and pleasures and indulgences and enjoyments. As these gifts, these uncountable gifts, were rationed out to the public, a great cheer rose across the globe. As people began to revel, as they began to party and play and enjoy and imbibe and abandon themselves to their whims, Mr. Ellis continued to speak into the microphone.

“For we can forget our ills, our sins, by partying and choosing blissful ignorance.” The cheers of the crowd, the celebrations of the people, drowned out the president’s words. Even the analysts gave in to temptation and ignored the powerful man as they partied their woes away.

“And when we have drank our fill, and exhumed all of the joys and pleasures this world has given us, we shall sleep, peacefully, knowing that our last moments were ones of pure ecstasy.” Adam said, a forlorn look on his face, as he reached for a detonator in his pocket, the finale for the party of carnal fun, this carefree joy.

Mr. President, Mr. Adam Ellis, held the detonator carefully, and sat down on the floor, and muttered to himself.

“A final goodbye, after we’ve had our fill, and can climb no higher.”Prompt Inspired - [WP] You have just robbed a bank. When the coast is clear, you go online and write a Yelp review of the bank.

---

Josh sat at his desk, irritated and frustrated. The slow, cool breeze of the evening flew in through an open window. His right leg jumped up and down in irritation, and he couldn’t think about anything else but the, *incident*, which happened earlier that day. The whole scene, the whole fiasco, kept playing over and over again in his head on repeat.

Yes, today, sometime after one o’clock, Josh had hit up a nearby ScamULots Bank. He was desperate for cash, and had decided on a recent career choice, taking on a second job as a bank robber to supplement his income; he chose to maintain his first job as a door to door hand cream salesman, the allure of door to door sales was simply too enticing for Josh to simply give up overnight.

And at first, the bank heisting business seemed to be going rather well for young Josh. But then, and Josh snarled and gnashed his teeth just thinking about it, but then tragedy struck. As he waved his pistol in the air, and people screamed and fell to the ground, he approached the bank teller, and demanded his money. It was the right thing to do, and any proper bank teller would understand the nature of this transaction.

But no, oh no no no. Today, yes today, Josh seemed to have gotten some rather bad luck. While yes, the bank teller did eventually hand over the money, the amount of sheer rudeness, the amount of unapologetic lack of customer service and the lack of a plain sense of decency and manners was simply appalling. Josh could still remember the sneer, the snide remarks, the sarcasm, the general disdain that was conveyed to him by the bank teller. And not even a smile! The service had been infuriating. Just thinking about it was driving Josh mad.

On sudden impulse, on a need to vent, Josh descended on the keyboard of his computer. Pulling up Yelp, Josh searched for the bank, and his fingers flew across the keys. He spent minutes, most lively several of them, writing a scathing review of the bank. Giving the poor business a simple one star, due to the lack of proper customer service, Josh hit send, and leaned back in his chair, satisfied with a job well done.

Ten minutes later, there was a knock on Josh’ front door, and a scream of “POLICE! OPEN UP!”. This didn’t worry Josh too much though as he was still riding high on the euphoria of posting a scathing comment on the internet. Sometimes in life, you had to pick your battles, and choose defeat, choose a minor setback, in the face of a greater glory.[WP] At age 15 you told the gf you were "in love" with that you'd always be there when she was in need. Aphrodite heard you and made it a reality, whenever your gf was in need you appear at her side. Problem is, you and the girl broke up after 3 weeks but you still appear even now..10 years later

P.S. - I added an extra sentence at the very end that wasn't in the original post to help clear up some confusion about Hector's actions at the end of the story. Hope you enjoy!

-----------------------

“… and that’s why I think it’s just not the right thing to do. Sure the penguins are cute, but do we really need them around to survive.” Sarah lectured, sitting across the table from Hector Wellington, a suave, twenty-five year old man, single, trying his very hardest to change that fact.

“Oh really? That’s a rather … unique view on the survival of an entire species.” Hector replied, feeling a bead of sweat trickle down his neck. It looked like Hector had gotten himself into another doozy of a dating situation again.

“Thank you!” Sara said, ecstatic, a big grin on her face and her eyes popping open in pleasure. “It’s nice to finally meet someone who understands me. You wouldn’t believe all the weirdos out there who just scoff at my penguin sustainability plan. You see, the thing is … “

Sarah continued to drone on, ranting about this and that, waving her arms and spouting inane conspiracy after inane conspiracy. Hector nodded along, grimacing, as he reached into his pant’s pocket.

Underneath the table, Hector pulled out his phone, and began to text an old friend for help; a desperate SOS if you will. Around Hector and Sarah, a busy, rather fancy, restaurant hustled and bustled. The soft murmuring of chatter and chewing filled the air, a lovely backdrop for Sarah to drone on and on about how you can reduce carbon emissions by burning penguin carcasses with environmentally friendly coal. Really, it shouldn’t have been any surprise to Hector; Sara’s father was a rather eccentric coal baron after all.

With thumbs clicking desperately, Hector Wellington sent off a quick message.

“*Help needed. Request rescue immediately.*” Hector gulped, and sent the message.

Pocketing his phone, Hector brought his elbows up to the table, and clasped his hands together.

“And then the feathers can be used as—“

“Heather, please!” Hector exclaimed, cutting Sarah off.

“Um, excuse me?” Sarah asked, a look of disdain and hurt on her face.

“Oh, sorry; Brittany. Listen, it’s been fun, but I really need to be going.” Hector said, rising up from the table, his food and drink almost untouched, a bit of a waste, but that was life.

“It’s Sarah.” Sarah replied with ice in her voice.

“Sure, sure.” Hector replied, staring off into space. A smile spread across his lips as the sensation rolled over him. A feeling of urgency, a feeling of lightness, of emptiness, of need, filled Hector’s stomach and mind and chest and body. With an open laugh, Hector ran around the restaurant, enjoying his few moments of freedom, of pure, unchained bliss and unrestricted ability, before he was taken away.

“Excuse me sir, but you can’t …” A waiter scolded, addressing Hector as the man ran around the restaurant.

Hector didn’t care, didn’t notice. He let out a quick laugh, and closed his eyes as the weightlessness came over him. His world turned black, turned silent, turned unfeeling, as Hector felt his body float up into the air, float up into the sky, float up into the emptiness of nonexistence; a lack of existence.

Just as quickly as it had come, the sensation died down. Hector felt the ground beneath his feet, the air in his lungs, and the breeze on his face. Opening his eyes, Hector looked around him. He was standing on an apartment rooftop, amidst the rising steel, concrete, and glass towers and buildings and monoliths of the city. At the edge of the rooftop, on the precipice of life and death, fall and flight, stood Heather; the woman of Hector’s dreams, or at least, she had used to be.

Heather’s phone was held in her hand, a wedding ring was sitting upon her finger, and a scowl was sitting upon her lips. She hopped down from the edge of the ledge, and stalked over to Hector, noticing the gleeful look on her old lover’s face, and his fancy dress.

“And what mess have I gotten you out of this time?” Heather growled, facing Hector.

Hector let out a small laugh, a giggle. “Probably the worst date ever. This crazy girl was talking about killing all of the world’s penguins. You wouldn’t believe … “

“Yeah whatever Hector.” Heather interrupted, folding her arms in irritation. “You can’t keep on abusing Aphrodite’s curse, okay? We’re adults now, we can’t keep on playing these stupid little games with each other.”

“B-but Heather.” Hector replied, a mischievous grin on his face. “You’ll be my one and only, forever.” Hector said with mock sincerity, recalling their moment, when they were young lovers, and their confessions to each other. It was on that day, as Hector first conveyed his feelings of love to Heather, that the goddess Aphrodite blessed Heather and Hector to always appear by one’s side in a time of need. That blessing, however, had turned into a curse three weeks later when they had broken up; at the time, the feelings had simply been puppy love, the unknowing of adolescence.

Heather rolled her eyes. “Shut up you jerk.” She said with just a hint of a smile, pushing past Hector.

Hector watched the first woman he’d ever loved walk past him, towards the door leading to the rooftop. He took a step forward, and raised an arm in the air, his mouth open to speak. Ever since their curse, their blessing, their relationship had endured after all these years. They’d become excellent friends, and despite the bickering, the teasing and joking, they’d become rather close. He’d even been a best man at Heather’s wedding last year.

A tear trickled down Hector’s cheek, and he dropped his arm. The door slammed closed behind Heather, leaving Hector alone on the rooftop. Despite all the joking, all the goofing and false indifference, he couldn’t ignore it much longer. Hector shook his head, and stared off into the skyline of the city. The wind ripped at his clothes, and ruffled his hair. That puppy love, at least for him, had matured into something more; appreciation, dependence, need. Maybe if he had told her earlier, things would have been different. But he’d been too embarrassed, too nervous about what she’d think after all they’d been through, to break the status quo.

And now, as Hector stared out across the skyline, and felt empty and lost, just like he always did after seeing Heather wearing her wedding ring, it was too late.

“So much for Aphrodite’s blessing.” Hector muttered to himself.

He shook his head, and walked towards the closed door, wondering where to go from here.A short story I wrote for a competition a bit ago. Hope you guys enjoy!

--------------------------

Aphi walked down the sidewalk. A soft snow fell around her, the light of the pale moon cast the night around her in a strange, eery glow. Fresh snow crunched beneath her feet, and she huddled herself within her winter jacket. Streetlights illuminated the road at every intersection. She was walking through the suburbs, just on the edge of a small city. It was quiet here, peaceful, a contrast to her own apartment, a few blocks away, sitting on the edge of suburb and urban.

Snow collected onto Aphi’s shoulders. Her breath misted in front of her, she walked on, her body relaxing, despite the cold and the night. She walked the path she walked every evening, winding her way through an upper class neighborhood, large houses, large yards, exquisite architecture, beauty both modern and classical, slowly passed her by. The calming quiet of the walk, the absence of noise, of people, the steady fall of her feet, of the snow, and of the wind blowing through the tops of trees, calmed her mind. She was overworked, both at school and work; constantly striving for more. It was exhausting, strenuous. Every night, she took away from her sleep, so that she could walk and think and talk in her mind. It didn’t make her tired, but rather gave her hope, energy for her future and her struggles.

Thoughts of her work, of her friends, of her classes, of her family, entered Aphi’s mind. She strolled quietly, and thought about it all. She was alone as she walked, and it made her feel lonely; it was a cherished feeling, a surprisingly reassuring one. It let her mind relax, to revel in her temporary loneliness and to reassure herself. There was a solidarity within herself, a certain nobility of strength and struggle as she proceeded on with thought and movement. It brought a melancholy smile to her face, a sad brightness to her eyes, a hopeful despair to her future; it was loving and heartbreaking.

Aphi crossed the street, and promptly turned right. Her eyes wandered from the sidewalk to her left. A grand house, a mansion even, stood there to her left. It was adorned by an impressive lawn. Aphi’s eyes moved from the immaculate lawn, now dusted with a covering of light snow, to the house itself. Three lights were on, two on the second floor, one on the top floor, the third floor. On her walks, as she passed certain houses, with their lights left on, she liked to fantasize. She liked to pretend that someone was sitting inside of those lit rooms, thinking lonely, despairingly happy thoughts just like her. She liked to pretend they were staying awake, thinking of their life and their meanings and their struggles and their hopes and their dreams just like she was. She liked to pretend that one day, on her walks, they would glance outside, and see her; she liked to pretend that when they saw her, there would be an instant understanding in their eyes, and they would wave out, say hello.

She strolled past her favorite house, with its three lit windows. Her walk continued, and she treaded softly through the falling snow and the pale moonlight. Sometimes there was fear sewn into her walks, late at night, all alone. Today there was no fear though. It was funny, to Aphi, how easily the fear could come and go. But she was always confident in herself. She walked, and always found peace, even if the fear was present.

The sidewalk kept going, curving and straightening out. The snow continued to fall, and the moon continued to bath everything in its pale glow. Aphi continued to walk, her mind continued to wander and bend and twist in all this way and that. A smile appeared on her lips. She crested the halfway point, and took a direction heading towards home. Her heart was calm, and there was a lightness in her step. The walk had eased her mind, prepared her for the next day to come, the struggles to come, the sadness and despair to come.

Aphi passed a quaint, two story house. It was well kept, and the yard was filled with a small terrace. Gazing at the house and its lawn, a sense of warmth and acceptance filled Aphi; it radiated a comfortable hospitality. Aphi’s eyes danced across the house. As she passed, she saw a window, set alight, at the attic. Aphi paused, stood still, for a moment. She felt something, some connection, flash across her mind. She stood in the falling snow, her breath misting, staring up at the window. Her breath caught. A figure appeared at the window, a shadowy silhouette. Aphi froze, her mind froze. She wondered what she should do. Should she keep on walking, it was weird for her to be out peering into people’s windows. Every fiber of her body told her to keep walking, to mind her own business, but something tugged at her; some desire of the heart. She was reminded of her secret dreams, of her imaginary companion who also stayed up at night, thinking the same thoughts as she.

The silhouette reached up an arm. It unlocked the window, and pulled the glass back. Aphi continued to stare up, interested. It was hard for her to see, but the person was staring back at her. There was a twitch of the shadow’s arm, a wave of its hand, and Aphi thought she could see a smile as well. Aphi returned the wave, and gave a soft smile herself. She was unsure of what was happening, she was nervous and excited, anxious and at the same time put at ease.

Aphi watched as the silhouette raised up a hand, asking her to wait. The snow scuttled around Aphi’s feet as she shifted around and nodded a quick yes. It looked like the silhouette smiled, before disappearing, then reappearing a moment later, a bundle of something in their arms.

In the pale moonlight, Aphi watched quietly. The silhouette appeared to be tying something to the bundle, and then it tossed the bundle down. The bundle lengthened as it fell, and in the pale light, Aphi saw it was a rope ladder. The silhouette motioned to Aphi to climb up. Aphi hesitated for a moment. Her mind raced, wondering what was happening, what should she be doing. She took a step towards the ladder. She steeled herself. Another step crunched into the snow on the lawn, leaving the sidewalk behind. She had always wished for an adventure, for something unusual and mysterious, she wasn’t going to back down now.

The rope ladder hung in front of Aphi. She grasped it in her hands, sheathed by her gloves. She found her footing, and started to climb. At first it was slow going, her body trying to grow accustomed to the swaying, to the uneasy stability of the rope. A few steps, and Aphi found her balance, found her flow. She climbed the ladder, curiosity and adventure rising in her chest. Aphi glanced down, as the snow continued falling to the ground beneath her. She looked up, and was only a few steps from the attic. A wind blew over her shoulder, sending a shudder of cold through her body. A hand reached across the sill of the window. Aphi watched it reach down towards her. It was thin and delicate, warm and inviting. The hand, outstretched, was held in front of her. Aphi grabbed on, and let the hand help pull her up.

Aphi crawled, pulled, climbed, grunted, worked over the lip of the open window. She slipped and tumbled down into the attic, falling heavily onto a soft, warm, carpeted floor. Aphi crawled to her knees. A cold wind blew through the open window penetrating the warmth of the room. Aphi looked around. Pink walls, white shelves and bookcases, a bed, posters, filled the room. A woman, around her age, sat a few feet away, on her butt, staring at Aphi. She had a lovely face, and beautiful hair streaming down to cascade around and frame her lovely face. Specks of snow from the open window covered her hair and face, her body and clothes. She smiled at Aphi, her nose wrinkling in the process.

“I didn’t think you’d come up.” There was a large smile, a tinkle of a laugh, a source of warmth, in her voice. Aphi felt at a loss for words.

The woman got up, and walked towards the window. She closed the gaping hole letting in the cold, and continued to speak, angelically, to Aphi.

“I saw you walking outside. You seemed so thoughtful, so happy, so sad. I wanted to talk with you, to share your walk with you.”

The woman twirled around, holding her hands behind her back like a precocious school girl. A big smile planted on her lovely face.

“I’m Perigee, but everyone calls me Peri.”

Aphi stared, eyes wide. She was still on her knees, looking up into Peri’s accepting eyes.

“I’m Aphi.” Aphi replied in wonder, her voice soft.

“That’s a lovely name. It’s a pleasure to meet you Aphi.” Peri said, extending a hand of greeting.

Aphi rose to her feet. Peri and her were almost the same height, their eyes level. She extended a hand. The two shook.

“Why did you invite a stranger up to your bedroom?” Aphi asked. She felt lost, confused, fazed. Everything felt so surreal.

“Stranger?” Peri asked, walking away from the window. “I believe that we just introduced ourselves. Why, we’re practically on our way to being close friends.”

A smile teased at the edge of Aphi’s lips. She couldn’t help it, no matter how strange, how surreal, she couldn’t help but feel friendly, feel affection towards this beautiful, strange woman in front of her.

“Plus, we’re so alike.” Peri continued, walking over to the door of her room. A pair of low top sneakers sat there, and she slipped them on. “We both like to go for walks late at night, when no one else is around, so that we can feel sad and happy and thoughtful and melancholy and hopeful.”

Aphi took a step forward. “How did you know?” She asked. No one had ever told her they felt the same way as she.

“It was written all over your face.” Peri replied. “Now come on.” She said, motioning to follow.

Peri walked over to a corner of her room. A thin, black, steel ladder crawled up the corner of the room to a hatch, wooden, leading up above the room. Aphi cocked her head, confused. She hadn’t seen that earlier; how did she miss it.

“Don’t be shy now. What’s the point of an adventure if you don’t leap in feet first.” Peri said, catching Aphi’s attention.

Without another word, Peri started to climb up the ladder. A small, metallic clanging sounded every time she moved up a rung. Aphi followed, in a daze, in amazement. She was entranced, enthralled by this woman, this ethereal specter, this fairy, this sprite, this spirit in front of her. Aphi couldn’t help but smile as she put a hand on the ladder. The metal felt tin, fragile, and terribly cold beneath her hands. This was ridiculous. This was insanity. Pure craziness.

This was everything Aphi had ever wished for on her own walks. Her fantasies, her dreams, actualized.

Aphi climbed up the ladder behind Peri. By now, the mysterious celestial woman had opened the hatch, and gone through. A strange, warm wind, filled with a multitude of scents and flavors drifted down from the hatch. It was bizarre, otherworldly. Aphi kept climbing. She reached the threshold of the hatch, and broke through, uncertain and curious.

The hatch opened up to a long, wide, vast valley of rolling green bathed in pale moonlight. Aphi found herself crawling up onto a plain of crisp, lovely grass. Peri stood next to the hatch. She stared out across the valley. The full moon hung up high above their heads, an eye staring down at them from the sky. Aphi stared in wonder. Where were they? How were they here? Where was the snow?

Aphi stood up, and stared at Peri in wonder. Peri flashed her a quick smile.

“Sshhh.” She said, bringing a finger to her lips. “If you ask, if you speak, it will ruin the moment. Let’s go for a walk.”

Aphi nodded, at once understanding and not understanding. It was all so clear, all so obvious to her, all so opaque, all so confusing to her.

Peri took Aphi’s hand. Her hand was warm, strong, reliable, reassuring. She squeezed Aphi’s hand lightly, and Aphi squeezed back. They started walking, side by side, across the valley, both smiling in the pale moonlight. There was a warm wind blowing through the valley, and the stars were hung up high in the sky. Aphi stared around in wonder.

At first they seemed to wander aimlessly, then Peri deliberately led Aphi. She walked with a purpose, strode towards a destination in her mind. Aphi followed, quietly, enjoying the moment, the experience, the wonder, the mystique. She wasn’t scared, she felt safe walking here, alongside Peri. Peri led them down the valley, she crossed a stream, and held a hand out to Aphi to steady her as they crossed over the wet rocks and trickling water. They wandered onto a small, beaten path. Packed earth was trod beneath their feet. Crickets buzzed in the distance, all around them. A smile formed on Aphi’s lips.

Peri led her off the trail and through a small thicket. They braved branches and bushes, clawing and caressing at their clothes. Aphi followed Peri’s footsteps, her hand held softly in Peri’s. Peri let out a soft sigh of relief as she broke through the thicket. She pulled Aphi behind her, and soon Aphi broke through the thicket as well. Aphi straightened out, and her eyes grew wide. She stood beside Peri, and squeezed her hand in disbelief and comfort and wonder.

Before them a great, deep canyon opened beneath them. In the pale moonlight the canyon shone and shined and glammed and glinted. Several waterfalls flowed into its basin, filling a massive lake. Small islands, filled with wildlife and trees and flowers swam adrift in the lake. Birds chirped and flew through the air between the walls of the canyon and the water cascading down below. A noise, of water churning and birds singing and crickets chirping and animals moving and snoring and sleeping filled the air in a melody of harmony, a warm blanket covering the very air in warmth and peace and love and life.

Aphi glanced over at Peri, her mind utterly taken in by this place, this mystic and magic. Aphi saw Peri, eyes filled with wonder, face open and happy; she stared deeply, out into and across the canyon.

Peri noticed Aphi’s attention, and turned her head. Their eyes met, and each woman fell into the endless depths of the other’s eyes. They fell and swam and drifted through a haze of warmth and loving openness. Both were speechless for a moment.

Finally, Aphi broke through her daze of wonder, and spoke, softly, to Peri.

“This place is amazing.”

Peri nodded, a smile on her lips. “It’s my special place, my hideaway, my walk in the evening.” She replied, her voice soft and delicate.

Aphi tore her gaze away from Peri’s alluring eyes, and stared out once again across the beauty of the canyon. Her lips moved.

“Can I come here again?” She asked.

Peri squeezed Aphi’s hand. She smiled, and let out a laugh; her voice tinkled and played around in the air.

“Of course. I’ve never shown this to anyone before.”

Aphi turned back to Peri. For the first time, she noticed that Peri stood a bit taller than her.

“Why me?”

Peri let go of Aphi’s hand, and gave a slight shrug.

“Because of your face when you were walking outside at night. It was such an honest, thoughtful, sad, happy face.”

Peri brought her arm around Aphi’s shoulder, and Aphi leaned into Peri’s body. It only felt natural, right. She let out a sigh, and let the warmth of Peri’s body meld with hers.

“You know, I’ve always yearned for something like this to happen on my walks.” Aphi whispered.

Peri squeezed Aphi.

“Thank you.” Aphi said, looking up at Peri’s face.

Peri returned Aphi’s gaze, and gave a smile.

“I should be thanking you. I’ve never shown this to anyone before, and I couldn’t be happier to be sharing it now.”

The two stood like that, embraced, for a while. They were quiet, enjoying each other, enjoying the wonder in front of them, enjoying their thoughts, both positive and negative. Peri glanced at Aphi.

“Next time, I think you should take me on one of your walks.”

Aphi smiled, and nodded her head in agreement. The two turned to leave the canyon as one. The next night, Peri joined Aphi on a walk through the snow covered streets. The following night, Peri took Aphi back to the valley and meadow and canyon filled with water. The following night, Aphi took Peri for another walk through the frigid cold, the falling snow and intermittent street lights. The following night, the two shared an intimate smile, and started something that would last for the duration of their lives. The following night, and the following night, and the following night, and the following night, the two were happy and sad and cheerful and mournful and hopeful and despairing, together. Always thinking about and for each other.Heya guys and gals!

So I really like writing short stories over at r/WritingPrompts, and sometimes I happen to fall in love with the short stories and want to continue them.

I thought I'd put this post here, and update it to let everyone know about some of the extended stories I'm writing, so that hopefully you can see some of the short stories you liked grow into their own. 

* Short Story:  My Plan: This one is going to be the focus of my fourth book (I absolutely loved writing the short story). I am currently only 35,000 words into it as I edit my third book. Has taken a bit of a back seat to editing at the moment. Will start writing with an earnest on it soon.

* Short Stories: I've been applying to a bunch of writing competitions for some short stories I've written separately from r/WritingPrompts. After a I get my rejection letters in a few months, I'll be posting them here (I think they are pretty swell to read).

* *Short Story: . I'm absolutely in love with The Tales of Sir Mittens short story series. I'll be writing a new addition about every 14ish days.

* Book: I'm almost done editing my third book, 'Sally Constantine Wollstonecraft'. I'm going to pop up the first chapter on here and my other website in the near future (*Might actually be a while longer until I do that. I'm trying to go through a more formal route of publishing the book, and am unsure if I should post the first chapter before snagging a publisher/agent).

* Photography: So I've been running a photo series about  and  for quite a while now (maybe 5ish months?). I'm going to share some of the key episodes in a post below, but if you want to get started on it, episode 1 can be found .

That's all my plans as of now. If you've got any suggestions, comment and I'll consider them!

Final note, I'll edit this post as more story extension ideas come along and as progress of my current story extensions improves.

P.S. - If something has an asterisk(*) next to it, that means It's been updated. I'll try to update this post about every two weeks to a month (I can be kind of bad about deadlines sometimes).