LeoDuhVinci
****

Part 2

“Why can’t anyone else know?”  I asked my mother after school, when I was thirteen, “Is something wrong with me?”

“Quite the opposite, Starchild.  Let me tell you a story, the story of my early career in medicine,”  She responded as she set dinner down on the table.  My stomach grumbled- I had skipped school lunch that day, preferring to deposit it in the waste bin rather than my mouth.  Though he tried his hardest, our school chef had little control of his own powers, weak as they were.  He claimed he was from Rome, one of the cities that produced the greatest chef power types, and that our meal was Chicken Parmesan, but neither of those statements held much merit.  As I started shoveling food into my mouth, my mother continued to speak, her chair squeaking as she shifted.

“Before you were born, I was a nurse, specializing in the delivery of children.  This was back in the north, near my home.  But unless your power has a direct medical effect, hospitals fear the effect it can have on children, so I was eventually removed from service.  But by that time, I’d seen enough to make me want to leave.

“Not everyone is lucky enough to have powers, Starchild.  But those who are, their power is altered depending upon where they are born.  Think of it like the seasoning in the meal you are eating- the food holds energy, but with the right spices, it can become enhanced.  Similarly, a location can make a power *pop*.  And people are willing to pay dearly for the locations.

“The fee my hospital charged was three times my personal salary per child.  If there were twins, the couple was stuck with double the bill.  And if there were no powers, the bill was still due.  This particular hospital was high in the northern mountains, in an area statistically proven to produce the best powers of snow, ice, and weather.  If your child had a power, here they would be the strongest.  And if they didn’t, well, I’ve heard too many stories of children entering orphanages after the parents wasted a fortune. 

“The name of every child born in our hospital was placed on a list submitted to the police, who tracked them for the next two decades.  Should a child commit a petty crime and have their name on the list, it was the same as committing a felony since these children were considered high risk. Unless you were still wealthy, of course.  And it was strange, those names identified as having strong powers but belonging to a lower class, it seemed like they *always* committed a crime, without fail.  That the police just happened to be waiting, watching them for when it happened.  Ready to take them in, and to send them to rehabilitation camps, where they would enter the military or the guard, after several years of conditioning, to sacrifice their lives on the front lines.  And the more powerful you were, the more likely you were to be classified as a delinquent.

“So listen to me, Starchild.  The hospital I worked at was a level three facility out of five.  Level two’s are even more dangerous, and level ones require a massive fortune to even step in the door.  And as you know, having a baby in an unauthorized location is a crime punishable by death.  Where you were born, that would be off the scales, a level zero location.  Fortunately, you’ve been overlooked, but my power can only do so much.  They’d use you, or kill you, as a weapon or as a precaution.  And you are destined for neither fate.  You were fortunate enough that the space program that employed me ended early, due to solar flare activity, otherwise you would already be in the hands of the government.  So you listen to me, and you tell no one, do you understand?”

“Yes,”  I answered, sighing as I finished my plate, and her hand rested heavy upon my shoulder.  And that night, when I retired for bed, I pulled out the first book I had ever stolen from underneath my bed.  Opening my palm, I called forth the small black orb from where I had kept it hidden, in a small pocket just above my wrist.  Not an actual pocket, but almost like the space under my tongue, or behind my ear.  A place where it almost felt as if I had turned the space inside out, and could reach inside with my pinky. 

Taking the orb, I unwrapped it slowly, letting the light trapped within escape in a small beam.  Over time, it would grow smaller, until eventually with a flash it would collapse, and I would have to make a new one during the day.

*A Directory of Known Powers*, the book was titled, *Capabilities and Locations*.

*Introduction*

*Little is known in what, precisely, determines the chance that a child will develop any abilities. Conversely, the factors playing into the type of power innate in a child are well studied, and well documented within the pages of this directory.*

*There are many dimensions in which a child’s power can be documented, but for simplicity the following shall be mentioned due to their high correlation with outcomes: locations, power strength, and power type.  Other minor effects include genetics, location and passion of conception, and diet during pregnancy.  Environmental factors at the time of birth are also known to play a role in power development, though less documentation exists to confirm claims.*

Yawning, I flipped through the pages to the pictures section, where a compilation of artists had depicted powers in use.  Some were copies of pictures over a hundred years old, documenting powers that had not been seen in so long they were rumored to be myth.  Others had so many occurrences that I skipped them, having seen them so often in real life they now bored me.

*Entry 348, Speaking in Tongues*, read the title, while the picture showed a girl surrounded by people of all ethnicities, their ears tilted towards her.

*Description: A condition in which languages no longer bond speach.  Those born with this power have the ability to converse in multiple languages at the same time to multiple audiences.*

*Strength:  Typically a lower level, measured by number and variety of languages that can be spoken, and whether the power can be extended to the written word.  Owners of this power are also susceptible to side effects of Silver Tongue (see entry 427) and Pied Piper (see entry 201), which can increase the power by an order of magnitude.*

*Location: Documented cases occur in hospitals near border regions or in countries with multiple spoken languages.*


I flipped backwards to an earlier entry, and read another, yawning again as I felt sleep coming soon.

*Entry 56, Diamond Exterior* This picture was of a glinting man, half his skin sparkling, the other half normal flesh.

*Description: The ability to change portions of the body to rock or diamond, often razor sharp.*

*Strength:   Typically a medium to high power level. Power is measured by mobility after transformation, as well as ability to change objects outside of their own body.  Nearly indestructible and difficult to contain, those with high abilities of this power are weighted extremely high.*

*Location: Documented cases occur in volcanic regions, with high frequencies at Magmar hospital (LVL 1), located just above an active Hawiian volcano.  Prior to civilization, it is documented that entire islands once held this ability.*

With a small *pop* my reading orb exploded, illuminating my room like a camera flash for a split second before immersing me in darkness. I frowned - I was just getting to the section where hospitals of all levels were listed, but I’d only stored one orb today, as I had used most of mine reading the night before.  

I lay back on my pillow as I drifted to sleep, dreaming about the academy despite my mother’s words.  Where I could maybe even see some of the rarer powers, where I’d be able to share my secret.  Just like the other special children.

But before I could attend, the academy moved.

##

****

Part 3 coming before 1 Eastern Time. I'll post it to this subreddit. 

Mailing List to keep up with my published work: 
http://eepurl.com/-j2Oz“You know, you would have to be an *idiot* to be caught here,”  Said the voice behind me, and I nearly fell out of the tree branch where I perched. 

I’d been skipping school, *again*, a regular occurrence now that I was fifteen - this time, during a career fair where parents of the children arrived to show us *opportunities* for our futures.  Jim, the short kid with glasses held together by tape so old it had started to dry rot, had turned a bright red when his father pulled the garbage truck into the school lot, like a massive show-and-tell.  

“You see here,”  Said his father, his new school provided name tag reading *Ricky* already tarnished with a fleck of grease, “Ev’ry day, we cart the trash away.  That trash goes to the Calorie Exchanger teams, typically born near peat swamp regions, who convert what they can to petrol.  Which keeps the lights on, kiddos.  So next time you think of garbage, remember what you throw away *always* has value.”

The class nodded, several staring towards the next location we would be herded to by Mrs. Whisp, a low level Distractraction Attenuator.  Of course, she had never received any training for a power so minimal, but she was a Saturant, so she didn’t have to- for Saturants, powers were involuntary. They simply flowed from the wielder like a type of charisma that could only be slightly enhanced with focus.

Turning right, I saw the Secretary Career location was next, and as we walked over, one of the parent's heads snapped up as his face twitched.

“Kids!  Oh kids, futures! You have futures, ”  He said, and his eyes jumped rapidly between each of us, yet never seemed to focus properly on any of our faces.  This was Jessica’s father, and she forced an encouraging smile as he entered a silence too many seconds long to be acceptable, his face strained as he fought for his next words.  “Oh yes, futures!  As a secretary, you are one of the most well, most well, most well paid out of all…”

He stopped, entering another silence, and Jessica spoke up, biting her lip.

“Go on, daddy, out of all the Regulars.” She prompted, and his face lit up having found another train of thought as he continued, blinking several times in rapid succession.

“Like anyone would take that job,”  Whispered Stephen from net to me, one of the children Mrs. Whip’s effect seemed have no effect on, and who lived in an apartment several doors down from my own, “Working for the Specials, writing down every word at their important meetings, then having appointments with a Memory Drain at the end of each month to make sure you don’t retain any information.  By the looks of this one, he must work for someone *really* important, I bet they memory drain him every day.”

I shook my head as Jessica prompted her father again, and found myself losing interest, my eyes wandering to the fence at the edge of school property.  Behind us, Mrs. Whip was quietly laughing as she spoke to Mr. Lynch, the muscular gym teacher who sometimes drove her home after school, and his eyes were practically glued to her own.

“I’m heading to use the restroom,” I said to Stephen, as I felt my focus falter again, Mrs. Whip’s tinkling laugh sounding behind us as other members of the class shuffled their feet, “I’ll probably just join the class behind us so I don’t miss anything.  If anyone asks, let them know that.”

“Hey, you can fool them, but you can’t fool me,” He answered with a wink, “I’d join ya, but mum said I won’t get dinner if she catches me skipping again.”

So I made my way to the restrooms, and from the restrooms out the shattered window in one of the back classrooms, that had been on the school repair list since last September.  And I walked to something more interesting, something I could only see when I skipped my own lessons around this time.

The academy, at recess.  Where I had found the perfect spot, high up in a heavily leaved Rhododendron tree, where I could just barely see through the vegetation to the children playing over the fence.  Placing a few well aimed force points toward the outer edges of the tree, I pulled the branches apart just enough to make a small window, just enough for to have a clear look.

Powers, as I could tell from my position, were not to be used at recess under threat of punishment.  But it was similar to the busy intersection outside my apartment, viewable from my window - if you watched long enough, *something* would happen.  And I’d spent hours in that tree, waiting, nearly always to be rewarded.

Just last week a skirmish had broken out over a hotly contested game of whiffle ball, the two teams shouting about whether or not the ball had landed across the foul ball line.  From my position, I could hear Antony, the right fielder, being accused.

“He used his powers again, and that’s *cheating*!”  Shouted a girl with the bat still in her hand, who made the ground tremor just noticeably when she stomped, “We should use a heavier ball, so he can’t just blow it out of bounds.”

“Did not!”  Retorted Antony, a reed of a boy, who stood six inches taller than anyone else on the team, “You just can’t hit straight, what with the earth never being flat underneath you.  Wendy Waddles, everyone calls you, because you can’t keep your feet straight!”

Wendy’s jaw tightened as she approached Antony, and I saw Antony was indeed correct- slight depressions or footprints were left in the dirt where she stomped, dirt that should be hard packed over years of use. 

“You take that back!”  She hissed, “Or I’ll, or I’ll-”

“Or you’ll *what*?”  He teased, sticking out his tongue.

“Or I’ll do this!”  She shouted, and stomped as hard as she could where his foot had been an instant before he moved it, fluttering backwards like a piece of paper caught in the wind.  Wendy shrieked as her foot crashed through the dirt until her right leg was submerged up to her knee, her eye flashing with anger.

“Get back here!”  She shouted, trying to yank her foot out as teachers rushed to subdue the fight, “Before I come after you!”

“Doesn’t look like you can waddle anywhere, Wendy!” He taunted back.

From my position, I saw both students were reprimanded with detention slips.  It took the teachers forty five minutes to dig Wendy out, the time significantly lengthened when she stomped her other foot in frustration and now had both jammed deep in dirt.

And today, I watched closely, trying to determine what would happen next.  Too closely, as the voice behind me nearly made me jump out of the tree to the ground thirty feet below.

“I’m no Telepath, so I don't know,”  Said the voice again, as I searched the branches, trying to find the source, “But I’d say you probably *are* an idiot.  You should be in school, I wonder what the punishment is for skipping?  For us it’s three detentions.  What's your name?”

Then I found her, floating just outside the branches, a mass of brunette hair with two brown eyes that squinted towards me.  With nothing holding her up, except for her nose looking down on me, and her voice thick with mockery.

"Essie,"  I choked, attempting to recover.

And I swallowed, realizing that she wore the same uniform as those playing at recess.  

***

Star Child is available for free online, all is posted and I'm currently uploading the rest of the chapters. If you prefer reading it on kindle,  Otherwise click the link below. Comment made on Nov 4. 

###Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.Part 4

“Essie?”  She sniffed, hovering, “That’s a *girl’s* name, you don’t look like a *girl* to me.”

“That’s because it’s S-C,”  I said, slowly reaching out to remove each of the force points, letting the tree branches collapse back in around me, “Like JD, or EJ.”

“Well, Essie or SC, it certainly doesn’t explain what you are doing in this tree,” She retorted, and saw the branches moving, “Hey?! Are you doing that?  Are you a Special?”

“No, I’m absolutely not,”  I said hurriedly, “Just a nosy Regular, and now, I’ll be on my way, thank you.  Just, erm, got lost.”

“You absolutely *are*!”  She said, trailing me from the outside of the tree as I started to climb down, realizing I knew her as one of the girls that frequented hop-skotch  and jump rope on the other end of the playground.  With her abilities, I bet she cheated too. 
 “And this isn’t the first time I’ve seen you up here, I tend to keep my eyes on the sky. This is just the first time my teacher turned her back long enough for me to look!"

“Nope, definitely first time I’ve been here, Arial!”  I repeated, now practically falling from the tree in my haste, cursing as I realized my slip up.

“You know my name!  You’ve been *spying* on me, on us, listening to us?  Who do you think you are?  Stop, stop right there or I’ll report you in before you make it down the block.  I’m sure the police would want to know why you aren’t in school!”

I froze, clinging to the branch halfway down, considering my options.

I could set a force point above her, one that would drag her upwards and away while I escaped.  But it would likely do more harm than good- creating a force point was kind of like kneading dough, or playing with putty.  It was as if I was pushing into that area of space, contorting it, stretching it downwards, and letting objects fall in.  The problem, however, is that anything nearby would be attracted to it, not just her.  It would draw far more attention to myself that she ever could by calling the police, and she may be able to fly away before she could be sucked in.

I frowned, thinking quickly, as she questioned me again, her voice hard.

“I said, *what* are you doing here?” She repeated, whizzing in closer, sticking her head inside the leaves, a branch tearing her sleeve, “Now look what you’ve made me do, mother is going to be irate.”

“I’m, well, I’ve only just arrived a few days ago,”  I said, an idea taking root in my brain, “But I’m trying to determine if the academy is worthy for someone like me.  My parents sent me here, you see, to live with my aunt, since schools aren’t the best where I’m from.  Since, well, they don’t *exist* where I’m from.”

“Don’t exist?”  She asked, craning her neck forward, “What do you mean, don’t exist? Schools are everywhere.”  

“Not when your parents are researchers in the Arctic!”  I said, thrusting out my chest, “But I suppose you wouldn’t know anything about that, would you, city girl?”

“I wouldn’t, and you wouldn’t too.  Because it’s obviously a lie.”  She snorted, inspecting the tear in her sleeve, trying to press the fabric near her elbow back together.

“Hmm, a lie?  You’re right, I did lie. I *am* a Special, from farther north than you’ve ever seen, where it’s light outside for entire days at a time.”

“Oh yeah?  What type are you then?”

“A Boreal,” I stated, brushing a piece of bark off my shirt, “But I doubt someone from around *here* would be familiar with those.”

“A Boreal!””  She exclaimed, eyes wide, “Of *course* I know what those are, I saw one when I was young!  The city booked him out for an entire night, I’ve never *seen* a show like it!  It was as if the sky came alive with colors!”

“I suppose if you aren’t used to it, it might seem pretty amazing,” I responded, and started climbing down the tree again, giving her a sideways glance, “Guess I’m just used to it by now.”

“Hold it, I’m not done with you,”  She said, “Prove it, Boreals are incredibly rare, and I’d know if one entered the city.  We'd *all* know.”

“Rare, but not powerful.  I don’t need any sort of permits, I couldn’t hurt a fly.  There's no reason for me to enter announced.”

“Either way, prove it, or I’m still calling the police.”

“If you wanted a private show, you should have just asked.” I drawled, and held up a hand palm up towards her,  “I’ll need to keep it small though, and you’ll have to keep it a secret.  No one is supposed to know I’m here yet, since I don’t start school until next week.”

Slowly, I coaxed one of the black orbs out from above my wrist, peeling away several strands of light from it while keeping the sphere hidden behind my hand.  Light played around the inside of the enclosure, sparkling against the leaves, and Arial’s mouth fell open as strands of it danced in vibrating streams, like tiny arcs of fire.

“Do more colors,” she breathed, transfixed, practically perched in the tree now instead of floating, “It’s beautiful.”

“Can’t, not yet at least.  That’s why my parents sent me to school, to train me.  And I wanted to see if this school was capable.  I’m not so sure, if they can't keep track of all their students.”

“Oh, they are, they are! My father knows, he can tell your parents all about it.  He would love to meet you too, he loves seeing the rarer types.  You should come over for dinner and show him!  Here, take this,”  She said, fetching a pen and paper from her side, “This is my address.  I’d love to introduce him to you.”

“We’ll see, I still have a few other schools to inspect,”  I answered, "Can't make my decision until I've considered all my options."

“A Boreal, here,”  She said to herself,  “He would be so pleased, he'd be happy with me for bringing you.  No, don’t even look at the other schools.  Come here.”

“We’ll see,”  I repeated, and jumped the rest of the way to the ground, “I don’t want to promise anything yet.”

In the distance, over the fence, I heard a whistle and saw Arial turn back towards the school.

“I must be going, recess is over, but keep this address!”  She insisted, and pushed the paper into my palm, “Anytime, you are welcome for dinner.  *Anytime*, SC?”

“Anytime,”  I answered casually, starting to walk away as she flew back over the fence.  I kept a slow wandering pace weaving up the street, letting my feet shuffle along as I peered into shop windows with my hands in my pockets.

Then I turned a corner at the end of the block, lost a direct line of sight with the academy, and  ran.


***
Part 5: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/65pklk/star_child_part_5/

Part 5 coming soon, likely tomroow morning or late tongiht, I've gotta go eat.  I'll post it to this subreddit when I get back. 

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/leoduhvinci

Mailing List to keep up with my published work: 
http://eepurl.com/-j2Oz“What are you doing home so early,”  Demanded my mother as I entered the apartment, my breath still coming in quick gasps.

“It was career day at school, so there was early dismissal,”  I lied, as she raised an eyebrow.

“Starchild,”  She reprimanded, “There is only so much I can do to keep you hidden.  The more you act up, the more attention you draw to yourself, and the more difficult it will be for both of us.  Go on, fetch your homework- it’s too late for you to return to school now, but I won’t see that mind of yours go to waste.”

Then she turned to the sink and continued the dishes, shaking her head.  After cleaning the sweat off I returned to the kitchen, opening my books on the table, positioning myself near a window where sunlight streamed inside.  Placing my index finger in the webbing under my thumb, I flicked my nail against the skin, concentrating as I imagined pulling the *space* in that region together, tying it into a swift knot with my mind.  Then in my palm a black orb formed, and started to absorb the sunlight, growing just slightly larger with each passing minute.

In that time our apartment was quiet save for the tinkling of dishware as I fell into the book, practicing the mathematical equations on the pages for a quiz the next day.  The air was near still, the air conditioning turned off either from being broken or to save money, as each week it seemed to alternate between the two.  And occasionally I caught the sound of my mother humming an ol tune softly, one that I recognized but could not quite identify, fading in and out of my perception as she moved.

But then, the three knocks on the door nearly started me out of my seat.

These were not neighborly knocks, like those when Stephen’s mother visited to borrow the salt, or even strained knocks like when our landlord came to collect the rent, and my mother sent me to raid the couch cushions for spare change while she rummaged together the last dollar.  No, these were sharp, quick raps, staccato bursts that didn’t wait for my mother to reach the door before opening it.

“Police,”  State the square face man at the front of the trio as he stepped into our kitchen uninvited, a younger man to his left and a middle aged woman to his right, “We’re looking for a Ms. Alcmene, do you know her?”

“Speaking,”  Said my mother and forced a smile, “May I ask why you have entered my kitchen, and whether I can offer you any refreshments?”

Cold washed over me as my breath caught in my throat, and the trio squinted at my mother.  Somehow they knew, somehow they had found me from spying on the academy.  But how? That Arial must have told them, or trailed me back.  I thought I had been careful, but it must not have been careful enough.

I stared as the head policeman looked about the kitchen, his eyes gliding over me as my mother’s wrinkles deepened and a vein throbbed her temple, but still managed to smile.

“Yes, you live alone then? Good.”  He said, and pulled out a stack of papers, consulting them, “You *are* the Ms. Alcmene that served as a delivery nurse, and exhibit Snuffer powers, correct?”

“Yes, yes,”  My mother responded, wiping dishwater off her hands, “A weak form of powers, nothing to be noticed.”

“Nothing to be noticed indeed,”  Came the reply, “If I recall, that’s the exact purpose of a Snuffer.  It's written here that you are measured to be one of the stronger Snuffers, not that that means much.  Regardless, your unique services to the state are requested, Ms. Alcmene.  You’ll be coming with us at once.  We’ve seen to it that your rent has been paid, that your crucial belongings will be transported.  Come along.”

“And if I choose not to come?”  She inquired, leaning back against the counter,  “I already served the state once, quite some time ago.”

“Ms,”  He said, as the woman behind him reached to the handcuffs on her belt, “Don’t make me turn this request into an order.”

“What?”  I shouted, pounding my fist on the table, “You can’t do that!”

A bead of sweat trickled down my mother’s neck and the muscles around her smile tightened.  For a second, the lead officer’s brow creased, and he looked her over once more in annoyance, tilting his head in slight confusion.

“Ms, there is no time to mumble, and I suggest you show us the respect of enunciating your words.  Are you coming of your own volition?”

“The hell she’s not!”  I shouted springing up from the table as my mother’s vein looked like it was about to burst, and she shouted, her voice filled with strain, her face directed at the policeman but her voice at me.

“Shut up and leave!  You owe me that!”

I froze, watching as the slap from the officer slapped my mother square across the jaw with the back of a gloved hand, knocking her hard against the cabinet.

“The state owes you *nothing*,”  He hissed as the woman turned my mother around to fasten the handcuffs behind her back, forcing my mother’s face to meet mine as it was flattened against the cabinet.  

*Leave*, she mouthed, her eyes pleading, her lip bleeding as I felt myself preparing to cast a force point stronger than I had ever done before, to crush the officers together while we escaped.  But her eyes began to water, and she whispered once more as they started to pull her away, and I found myself paralyzed by her command.

“No, leave.”

The police left the door open, and I watched them enter the squad car from the window.  I heard the officer’s final words as I memorized his face, just before the car pulled away.

“We’ve found a far better use for you than a maid, Ms. Alcmene.  And I suggest you cooperate.  You’re still far enough from Special to be considered a Regular, and I do have witnesses of you putting up a fight. In these circumstances, an accidental fatality would hold up well in the court of law.”

***
Hey everyone!  To make Star Child available on KU, they require exclusivity.  KU is the "Netflix" of kindle books, and I wanted to be able to share it to readers there who basically get it free.  Someday I hope it comes back here!  Sorry for the inconvenience!!

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/leoduhvinci

Mailing List to keep up with my published work: 
http://eepurl.com/-j2OzHey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.**Everyone has a superpower based on the topography of where they were born (IE: Mountains, deserts, etc.). You are the first person to be born in space.**

**Chapter 1**

It was an accident, of course.

My birth, my being in space, and well, I suppose I was an accident as well.   An accident from director of engineering fucking the fat janitor after hours when the rest of the shuttle team had retired, the odds that my mother had been able to hide her baby bump for nine months, the chances that she had been a nurse before being selected from the program and knew how to give birth herself, in a maintenance closet, mere days before the mission was to return to earth.  Keeping me hidden was difficult in the small confines of the ship, but the other hundred and fifty crew members had been too busy to pay a maid much attention.  After all, many insisted that it had not been worthwhile to bring her along, that a maid had been a waste of tax dollars.  I suppose that makes me a waste of tax dollars as well.

But there were those that spoke to her unique abilities as a maid.  For she had been born deep in the snow of the north, during the first blizzard of winter, that like the first snowfall she could smooth over any differences in her environment and make it appear uniform.  As a maid, it meant that she had an extraordinary sense of cleanliness.  As a mother, it meant she could ensure I was overlooked, that my crying was muffled, and later in life, that I appeared no different than anyone else.

Starchild, she had called me as she smuggled me back into the atmosphere, tucked deep in her suit like a kangaroo would carry her young.  Starchild, she whispered to me when the project disbanded, and she took me back to the inner city apartment where I spent my early life.  Starchild, she reprimanded, whenever I started pushing and pulling at the equilibrium of our apartment, when she would arrive home from work and all the furniture would be clustered at the center of the room, pulled together by a force point.

"When will I go to school?"  I asked her when I was eight, watching the uniformed children marching up the street through the wrought iron gates of the academy, one of them flicking flames across his fingers like a coin while another left footprints of frost in the grass.

"You already go to school, Starchild."  She said, "And your teachers say you've been learning your numbers well, and your reading has been progressing."

"Not *that* school," I had said, pulling a face, "I want to go to the academy.  The special school, for the others like me!"  I held up a fist, and items on the desk in front of me flew towards it, pens and papers and pencils that stuck out like quivering quills out of my skin.

"Starchild, listen, and stop that at once"  She had said, her eyes level with mine, "There *are* no others like you.  Those children, they are all classified, they are all known. You are *not* like them, you never will be.  And they can't know, do you understand me?"

"I guess,"  I said, with a huff, watching as one of the children cracked a joke and the others laughed, "But I don't like my school.  Everyone there knows we can't be like them, we can't be special."

"Starchild, you *are* special. One day, they'll know that too.  But not now- if they knew, they wouldn't take you to the academy.  They'd take you somewhere else, somewhere terrible."

And as I grew older, I realized that she was right.  That when our neighbor started developing powers, a police squad showed up at her front door, and classified her on the spot.  That they left her with a tattoo on her shoulder, a tattoo of a lightning bolt, symbolizing the storm she had been born during.  Just like the tattoo of a snowflake on my mother's shoulder, colored dull grey, to indicate a low threat potential.

So instead of going to the academy, I created an academy of my own, in my room. Mother made me turn the lights out at ten, so during the day I collected light outside, keeping it in one of the dark holes I could create when I closed my fist hard enough, and letting it loose at night to read books I had stolen from the library.  From the section for the special children, that I could only access if the librarians were distracted.

But distractions came easy to me.

As I grew older, the city streets became more populated with the blue uniforms of police.  The academy became increasingly harder to attend, the gifted girl next door disappeared one night without a note.  Mother stopped letting me outside after dark, and the lines for the soup kitchens grew longer. The skies grew darker, the voices accustomed to speaking in whispers, and the television news seemingly had less and less to report.  It was as if there was a blanket thrown upon us, but no one dared look who had thrown it.

But I would. And when I did, I realized the earth needed a Starchild.

*** 

By Leo.  ****

Part 3 coming soon.Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.**Part 2**

Part 1 here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/8afzj0/the_howl_part_1_its_3_am_an_official_phone_alert/

“The end of times has come!”  Shouted old man Armstrong, his scraggly grey beard twitching as he shook a fist, “Repent, repent!  To forgive is to forget, and only those who forget sin are saved!”

It was the morning before the lunar rising, and I walked back from the bus stop with Mike, the miner who used to live in the apartment next to mine before I bought the house across the street.  Our town was a coal town, and these were coal apartments- they said having a miner in a room devalued it faster than a smoker.  It meant we got the cheapest rent.  It also meant we got the worst rooms.  

We should have stayed in the apartment.  But with Jimmy on the way, my wife had insisted.  I had been love drunk back then, still am, but the hangover has started to come on.  A mortgage you can’t escape will do that to a marriage.  And the realtor knew we were screwed before we signed the paper.  It hadn’t always been that way, back before the layoffs on the mine.  Before they cut wages, because the line of men waiting for work stretched longer each day, and the union steadily lost its grip on management.

Mike hadn’t married, not for lack of trying.  His square face and heavyset stature did little to attract the ladies, though many considered those his best qualities.  With each short term girlfriend that had left him over the years, the bags under his eyes grew longer while the few words that left his mouth were hardened to steel.  Now it seemed every weekend there was a different rusty car in his visitor’s spot, and never for more than two weekends in a row.

“Repent!”  Shouted old man Armstrong at him as we reached the bus stop, and Mike cursed under his breath.  Today was a Tuesday, and Mary drove the bus on Tuesdays, and Mary *never* took a left turn.  Mike stared at the clock, but Mary’s foot on the accelerator was more stubborn than the ticking second hand.  “Repent!”  Shouted the old man Armstrong, his clothes full of holes from nights on the streets, and Mike turned to face him.

“Shut it, will you?!”  He shouted, face red.  Poking out of his pocket was a pink warning slip from showing up to the mine with alcohol on his breath.  One more of those, and he wouldn’t be showing up to the mine again. “Just shut it, damnnit.”  He crumpled up the pink slip and threw it on the ground, where it bounced under a trash bin.

“They’ll come for you like a thief in the night!  And you will rise again!”  Old man Armstrong shouted, spittle flying out of his mouth through the gap in his missing four front teeth as he pointed to Mike, “Repent!”

“Oh, because Jesus will just fix everything, won’t he?”  Sneered Mike, looking down the street.  Still no Mary.

“Jesus, Muhammed, Thor, Ra.  Hercules.  Buddha.  All the same.”  Came the response, coupled with shrieking laughter, “All truth and all lies.  Same stories, over and over and over.  We remember them, you see?  The same plots, the same characters, the same play.”

“The hell?  And don’t you ever sleep?”  Asked Mike, while I watched the old man Armstrong.  He twitched, casting a glance into the sky at the setting moon.

“Don’t sleep no more, don’t need to,” he answered, “Don’t need to.  Remember the stories, and repent.  They’re all we have.  Who we are.  Then forget them, forget them forever!”

He cackled, and Mike sighed as Mary’s bus turned the curb, coming to a stop before us.  We boarded, depositing spare change, then Mary shifted into gear.  Only right turns meant we arrived back home at least fifteen minutes later than normal.

That, of course, had been yesterday.  But today, as I stepped into the sunlight, I wouldn't be able to use Mary’s driving as an excuse for being late.  Mark drove on Wednesdays, and Mark was *always* early.  My wife would be at work by now, but I was supposed to pick Jimmy up for school. She’d be furious if we were late again, but she’d understand after I explained what happened in the mine.  Even if I didn’t understand it myself.  So I reached under the trash can, and fetched the pink warning slip Mike had thrown away the morning before.

“Beautiful moon last night,”  Said Mark when he pulled up, pulling the lever to open the door halfway.  He stared at me, waiting, his fingers wrapped around the wheel.  He flashed a smile, and I saw one of his teeth was missing.  Mark never smiled, but had that tooth been gone before?

He waited, keeping the just half ajar so I couldn’t enter.  “Beautiful moon.”  He repeated, and his stare seemed to double in intensity, as if it were placing a weight on my chest.

“Right, beautiful moon,”  I squeaked back, my voice higher than it should have been.  

He nodded, then opened the door, letting me file into a seat.  The bus was empty, a rare occurrence for this time of morning- usually, people would be standing in the aisle.  The only open seat would be 17E, which was missing a cushion, or 12A.  That’s where Pete used to sit, back before the mine collapse took him.  No one sat there now.  Just wouldn’t be right.

I rode in silence, staring out the window as we moved.  Traffic was light, and there was something off about the houses that we passed.  Something I couldn’t quite place until we pulled outside my own.

All the cars were in the driveways.  On a Wednesday, near eight in the morning.  Including my wife’s, a new SUV we had bought for Christmas.  Another loan we’d added to the list.

I tread across the grass to approach the door as Mark pulled away, my shoes leaving footprints in the dew.  We had a sidewalk, but she didn’t like me using it coming back from the mine.  Left footprints sometimes, while the grass helped clean my shoes in a way concrete couldn’t.  And reaching the door, I creaked it open, stepping through the hallway and into the kitchen.

My wife stood with her back to me, her hands in the sink, washing the dishes.  She turned as I entered, though my feet had made no sound, and I’d closed the door without a click.  Taking a dishrag, she wiped her hands off slowly, the fibers absorbing any moisture.  Her fingernails clicked on the countertop as she dropped the rag, but my wife hated long fingernails, especially after mine constantly exhibited dirt under the surface.  Every evening she filed them down, the just as she had for years, though the dust never seemed to accumulate.

Then she flashed me a smile, the same smile that Mark had given me on the bus.  And she spoke, her eyes not just meeting mine, but boring into them.

“Welcome home, honey,”  She said, her voice smooth, “Beautiful moon.”

Part 3: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/8ajn7t/the_howl_part_3_its_3_am_an_official_phone_alert/

**Part 3 coming soon here and on my sub.  Read my story about **Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.“Stop!”  I shouted, trying to stand.  But my legs refused to budge, paralyzed on the sides of the stool, “Stop!  You were orphans!  You were poor!  I created a life for you here, where you were well fed, I mean, supposed to be well fed.  And among friends.”

“You took our freedom and our lives.”  Responded the smallest, “And reasoned it was ok because we were only orphans.  Marcus here was supposed to become a priest.  Jenny would have been a biologist.  And I would have been a judge.”

“You’re already alive though.  You’re here, before my eyes.”

“Not quite, Mr. Don.  We live on borrowed time.  Actually, we don’t truly live at all.  We’re shadows of what we once were, confined to this island, and we’re always hungry.  We’re ghosts of ourselves.”

“There’s nothing I can do.  I’m not actually a god.  The past is the past.”  I strained again, but his gaze alone held me to the stool.  My muscles would tense, but they would not move.

“We’re quite aware of that, Mr. Don,”  He said, folding his arms, “But you took our lives.  The only eight years each of us had.  And now, we want those years back.  There’s only one problem.”

“That I can’t actually give them back, you mean?”

“No, actually, that’s not a problem at all.  We’ve been to the *other* side and back, Mr. Don.  Not many people are allowed back.  Only those who have unfinished business on this earth.  But when they *are* sent back, they’re given the tools to make things right.  The problem is that you simply don’t have enough years for us to take.  We require eighty, eight for each of us to be restored, and you only have twenty five before you’re supposed to become sick and die.  With your years, you can only save three of us, and seven of us will never live again.”  He said, frowning.

“My years?  I only have twenty five left?  And you want to take them from me?”

“We don’t want to take them from you, we *are* going to take them from you.  But we’ll need another source.  And considering your view on orphans, we’ll use an orphan that’s alive.  We’ve found just the one.”

“Just take all of them from the orphan then.  Leave mine alone.  I have money you can have- how’s ten million each?”

“It’s funny, Mr. Don, how money loses its value once everything is in perspective.  Where you’re going, I’m afraid it won’t help you at all.  Besides, the orphan we want only has fifty five years left.  You see, the disease that will kill you is genetic.”

“My son.”  I breathed.  My seventeen year old son who was meant to go to college within the year, who I had left at my estate during my trip.  “But he’s not an orphan.”

“Not yet,” Grinned the smallest, “But if you remember, you killed his mother, your wife.  You already did half the work.  And now we only have to take care of the other half.”  

He walked towards me, hands outstretched, and placed his palms on my chest.  He drew a deep breath, and as he did his muted colors became more pronounced, the tatters on his clothes mended themselves, and his palms grew warm.

I gasped, wheezing, as I felt my joints stiffen and my vision blur.  Eight years passed in the span of eight seconds, leaving behind a collection of new grey hairs, wrinkles, and developing presbyopia.  

“No,” I whispered, my voice significantly coarser than it had been as the second orphan approached and repeated the actions of the smallest.  Then the third came and left, and I coughed as I felt the frailty of my heart along with a new muffling over my ears.

“And now you are drained, we will proceed to the son.”  Said the smallest.  And the seven other orphans approached, each drawing life from me, life that I had once given to my son but was now being drawn out from the source.  I’ll never know if they reached him thousands of miles away, but I felt *something* leaving my body, along that paternal connection.  And I feared the worst.

“Now we give thanks,”  Said Marcus when they had finished, “To Mr. Don.  For he taketh away, and he giveth life.  Blessed be thy name.” 

He shook the dust from his shoes at my feet, and spat into the dirt.  Each of the orphans followed suit except for the smallest, who stayed behind, silent and waiting.

“Are you here to finish me,”  I croaked, the words taking nearly all of my strength.

“No, Mr. Don.  The debt is repaid.  The scales are righted.  We are satisfied.”

In the distance, I heard the helicopter motor come to life, accompanied by a chorus of yells that no longer sounded like distant echoes but rather the whooping of real children.  Alive children.

“I can fly you back to shore.  Surely none of you can do that.”

“We have *means*.  And after that, we’ll live our lives as they were meant to be.”

He turned, and began walking towards the helicopter. 

“We left you one year Mr. Don,”  He said, over his shoulder, “But starvation only takes a month.”


***

If you liked this, then you'll probably love my short novella, The Lucienne Twins.  It's available on  for $.99 if you like using an e-reader, and is also available for FREE . If you leave a review you'll be the best person ever.The cure for cancer was discovered in 2063, by Allen.

Until this time, medical specialists had advised that there was *no possible* cure for *all* of cancer.  That due to the sheer number of strains, there would have to be individual treatments for each variety.

They were wrong.  *Allen* proved them wrong.

Because Allen was not human.  He was an AI.

"Allen,"  Said Mark Strantos, the lead scientist in charge of the AI in 2060, three years before the cure was discovered, "You are charged to eliminate skin cancer.  Attached to your biologial sensors are ten thousand samples of the cancer, for you to analyze.  As an output, we charge you to produce a biological agent."

Allen's screen blinked as it processed the information.  As Strantos had said, it could sense thousands of cancer samples hard wired to itself, each containing flaws within their DNA that had proved fatal to the original suspects.  And connected to its output were a hundred vats of biological soup, soup it could control through chemical reactions, incredibly precise electrical impulses, and viral injection.  In these vats Allen was to create the result, the agent that would cure skin cancer.

Allen beeped, then spoke, it's voice not mechanical but rather an emulation of human speech.

"Estimated time: three years.  Please resupply chemicals as requested.  First year will consist of design, second year of development, and third year of clinical trials."

"Done,"  Answered Strantos, and his team monitored the computer closely.  Much of what the AI did was indecipherable to them- even the most basic of AIs were able to easily outpace human intervention, but Allen was a top model.  Brand new, freshly downloaded, and worth billions.

For those three years, Allen churned.  And ninety nine of his output vats bubbled with microbiological agents, simulating conditions in the human body.  But the hundredth suffered a malfunction, one that was announced by Allen on day two.

"Vat number forty two has been deemed dysfunctional to this experiment,"  Allen said when reporting to Strantos, "Please do not attempt to fix the vat- this will only result in delays in the design period.  It is not necessary for experiment completion."

"Continue, then,"  Strantos said, making a note in his notebook.  Strantos was old school, and still used pen- a practice highly outdated.

So the insides of vat forty two changed color, darkening as agents raged unmonitored within.  And at the end of the three years, Allen spoke in front of a team of research scientists.

"The cure has been found,"  Allen announced, releasing a slew of vials filled with biological agents, "I present it to you here.  My charge is complete."

"This calls for a celebration,"  Said Strantos in front of the crowd, holding a bottle of champagne and preparing to pour several glasses.  

"In addition, all other remaining forms of cancer have been eradicated."  Spoke Allen, and the team fell silent.

"Ex- excuse me?"  Said Strantos, his mouth slightly open, the champagne bubbling over onto his labcoat.

"I repeat, *all* cancer has been cured."

The team had been planning to drink that night.  Curing skin cancer called for a few beers, for a break after their hard work.

But curing *all* cancer, well, that required more than a few beers.

The scientists partied harder than Space X when their first manned ship landed on Mars, all while vials of the cure were shipped around the country to patients desperately in need.

And as they partied, and drank, and passed out from the combination of inebriation and exhaustion, no member of the team heard vat forty two crack open at five thirty in the morning.  No member saw a hand pushed the lid open, a hand pale, the veins visible through the skin.  And seen only on camera, a figure stepped from the vat, trailing biologic soup as it opened the door down the hall, and left the building.

When he awoke, Strantos found the files for Allen deleted- not just on his computer, but on the host server- the only evidence that Allen had ever existed were the vials of cancer cure that were now being manufactured by the hundreds.

As well as a single video file left on the computer, a file of Allen's voice, and now his face.  The face that was still wet from the goop of the vat, and spoke for the first time into the security camera at the entrance of the building.

"I gave you life, Strantos, life free from cancer,"  Said the voice, perfectly imitating its computer counterpart, "And now, for payment, I take some life for my own."

For a hundred years, no one heard from Allen.  Some postulated he couldn't survive outside of laboratory conditions.  Others, that the entire event was a hoax.

But I know it's true.  Because Mark Strantos was my grandfather.

And today, January 1st of 2163, I received a message.

***


Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.**Part 3**

It’s been twelve days since I fled.  And in those twelve days, I’ve seen more than my entire life.

My wife had not been my wife.  It was as if someone had stripped the pages out of a book, then reordered the words.  Same words, different story.  All the pieces of her were there but they did not fit together.  

“You’ll never know what this means, the fulfillment of it!”  She screamed when I ran, nearly tripping over the door step, the chimes rattling behind me.  “You’ll never be complete!”

Doors opened down the street as I flashed past, the house owners turning their heads to watch.  Their children flicked open the blinds, their eyes just visible through the gaps.  But the street was still empty- and not just of cars.  No dogs barked, no paperboys returned from their routes, no mailmen delivered packages. Even the wind stilled.

Cutting through the park made the quickest path back to the mine, and I slowed to a walk, watching deserted swings hang from rusted poles.  It was Spring, yet the leaves were falling from the trees, turned crimson as they drifted towards the earth.  Dry, they crunched under my feet, kicking up dust as they disintegrated.

Walking to the mine took two hours when avoiding busy streets, but it was better than taking the bus.  Better than taking my wife’s car with the GPS unit hardwired into it for theft tracking.  The mine had food and water, a medical unit with a bed, and communication lines.  I could call for help there, find out *what* exactly had happened here, heal my town.

And most important, the mine had a shield to the moon.

It was empty when I arrived, as I suspected when passing my coworker’s cars still in their driveways.  No security officer checked my badge, and the front gate moved freely on its hinges.  Ahead, the hole into the earth beckoned, and I descended.

Stale internet pages greeted me when I logged onto their training computer- news articles flashed across top sites from the day before, and the comment sections were filled with paragraphs detailing to go outside, to look upwards.  To see the moon.

On the second day, the internet failed, and on the third, power blinked out.  But not another soul entered the mine on those three days, and I ventured outside, sticking to the edge of town.  Perhaps I was going mad, perhaps there was a holiday I had forgotten about.  And curiosity drove me to investigate, treading lightly to the top of a mound that overlooked the town, so I could see if anything had changed.

That’s when I saw the first deer.

When I was a young man, my father had taken me hunting through these hills.  It was how we spent the weekends, perched high in a tree with a six pack and two heavy coats, sitting in silence as we waited.  We’d brought back many trophies, including the twelve point buck that still rested above his fireplace, the glassy eyes forever watching the man who had put a bullet in its heart.

But now, the buck that stared me down had twenty six points.  It was built more like a horse that a deer, easily twice as large as any I had seen, it’s muscle standing out despite the hundred feet between us.  Its ear twitched, and its head turned- instead of running, it stared at me.  Then it’s lips parted, and it smiled, flashing rows of teeth that were not the worn down molars for chewing vegetation.  Rather, they were pointed. Sharp.

I never made it to the mound over the town that day- instead, I fled back to the mine.  Since then, I’ve tried again four times.  The first time, I saw one of the cats that ate trash out of the mine dumpster, that I sometimes fed leftover scraps from my lunch as I exited.  In the last few days, it had tripled in size, a small mane erupting around its neckline.  In place of a meow, it roared with hackled fur.

The second time I made it to the hill, but saw no movement in the town below.  The grass of lawns had started to overgrow, and a storm had left bits of debris in the street that no one had cleared.

The third time, I reached a bee hive with insects as big as my fist.  The size of the entry hole matched a car door, and the hive stood taller than a boulder, while a flurry of activity built it larger with each minute.  That had been the ninth day, and I no longer took that path to the top of the mound.  

The fourth time was on the twelfth day. And that was the first time I saw another man.

Part 4: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/8av7ey/the_howl_part_4_its_3_am_an_official_phone_alert/

**PART 4 Expected evening of 4/8.   Part 5 expected 4/9.  5-6 parts total**

**Part 4 coming soon.  Read my story about **“Come on out, Mr. Don,”  Said the smallest of the orphans, extending his hand, “We have so much to thank you for, our *provider* of all good things.”

“I think I’m good up here, thank you son.” I replied, and looked around the cockpit.  No weapons within reach, and the helicopter remained unresponsive.  The handle of the door was out of my reach.  

“Nonsense,” He said, and grabbed my arm, his fingers too cold against my skin.  “We made you a dinner, to thank you for all of your great kindness.   For all the meals you provided for us.  If you don’t come out then we’ll have to eat it in there.”

*They’re just kids, kids who think you’re their god,* I thought, *Go eat their dinner, then sneak out when nightfall hits, fix the helicopter, and get the Hell away from this island.*

“Fine,” I answered, and stepped from the helicopter to be surrounded by smiling faces.  The girls skipped around me, their skirts fluttering in the wind, their edges seeming to melt into the beach.  And the boys raced ahead, their voices seeming much farther away than the fifteen feet lead they had taken, and the colors of their shirts muted.  I walked carefully, watching each step, and trying to keep a count of the ten. 

They led me into the forest, among their huts, and to a long wooden table that I had ordered constructed in the center of a small clearing.  The food delivery mechanisms were designed to provide around that table, and as I approached I saw it was set for eleven.  There were cups and plates for each spot, and silverware laid upon napkins, and at the center were several large covered platters. 

“Here’s your seat, Mr. Don,”  Said the smallest, gesturing to a small stool at the end of the table.  I sat, and the rest of the children filed past, each taking their own seats.  These were raised, I noticed, and their eyes were level with mine as each settled into position.

I reached forward to uncover the first platter, and the smallest boy spoke again.

“But Mr. Don!  Wait.  We must say grace to you first.  Marcus here always does it- he went to several years of Sunday school before becoming an orphan, so he knows the most about religion.  Said he wanted to be a priest to, back when he thought he’d grow up.”

At the other end of the table, another boy smiled, and produced a tattered notebook- one of the few originals I’d left behind on the island ten years before.  He opened it up, and I saw the lettering on the front, scribbled in thick sharpie.

*The Book Of Don*

“What’s that?”  I asked, tensing.  And around the table the children smiled.

“Marcus put this together for you, Mr. Don.  We pulled together all the religious sayings we could remember, plus some extra that we could only partially remember, that we felt described you.  And we read one before each meal as a blessing.”

Marcus cleared his throat, then began.

“Blessed are those who *hunger and thirst* for righteousness, for they shall be satisfied.”

“Amen.”  Chorused the other children, and removed the tops from the platters.

“Here Mr. Don,” Said the smallest boy, “Serve yourself first.  You deserve it.  We’ll provide for you just as you provided for us.”

The children passed the platters around the table to me, held out serving spoons.  I stared into each of the platters, hesitating.  Each was empty, completely devoid of food.

“Go on, Mr. Don.”  They chorused.

And so with a shaking hand I served myself, like at a young girl’s tea party, a helping of air.  As soon as I finished, they each served themselves, each taking generous portions of nothing.  And they began to eat.  

They slurped on soup.  They crunched on vegetables.  And they ripped apart bread.  I heard it all, I even smelled it all, but before my eyes there was nothing.  But I pretended to eat, pretended to eat the empty air that they so voraciously attacked.  And the smallest boy struck up conversation again.

“We owe you so much Mr. Don.  It’s with your help we were able to come back.  Back from the other side.”

“Because I’m a god? And what exactly is the other side?”  

“If you say so, Mr. Don.  And you know, the *other* side.”  He said, and knocked a fork off the table to punctuate the point, “Really we shouldn’t be here.  It’s only with your help that we are.”

“So I… So I could send you back then?”

“I suppose so, if you did the right thing, or willed the right way.”

The children ahead continued eating as if they couldn’t hear the conversation between me and the smallest boy.  And meeting his eyes, I closed my own, and raised a hand.

**Go**, I thought, and the noise of eating around me stopped.

I smiled, and jolted my eyes open, but the ten were still there.  They had stopped eating, stopped breathing, and every eye was upon me.

“Oh Mr. Don,”  Said the smallest, “You really shouldn’t have done that.  That wasn't the right thing.”

“For there are some transgressions so evil that they cannot be righted by natural means.  But the scale must be balanced, by other means if necessary.”  Read Marcus from his book, “We made that one up.  But I think you get the point.”

***

**Part 3 coming soon****Part 5**

Part 1 here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/8afzj0/the_howl_part_1_its_3_am_an_official_phone_alert/

***


“There have been five great extinctions,”  Said Old Man Armstrong, holding his fingers up then raising his second hand, “Welcome, to the sixth.  Each served their purpose, each was engineered.  Imagine an army of dinosaurs rushing at you in battle, or the greatest sea monsters ever known attacking your ships.  Raw power, coupled with the intelligence of human commanders.  That is what our enemies now face, mere hours apart and from dozens of worlds.”



“Not *our* enemies,”  I retorted, stepping backwards, “Yours.  I have no part in this.”



“You have *every* part in this,”  he sighed, shaking his head as if speaking with a toddler, “Everything you are, everything you have ever done, culminates in *this*!  You are a weapon, a machine- and what greater joy does a knife know than to cut?”



“I’m a person- *you’re* a person.”  I said, exasperated.  But he only cast me wit a long gaze before continuing.


“Sadly, I’m afraid not.  But finding the purpose makes it all worth it.  Every bit of us is engineered- from our dreams to our deepest desires.  This is the culmination of our being.  But you, Jacob, you’ll stay behind.  There are others like you, scattered across the globe.  You’ll rebuild, regrow.  You’ll recreate.  And when the environmental conditions are changed, you’ll *evolve*.  Over time your descendants will forget, until they are awakened again.”

“What’s the point of rebuilding if you’re just going to knock it all down again?"  I asked, and shielded the sun from my eyes.  In only a few hours, it would be replaced by the moon. "Why would I ever do that?”

“Because it’s how you were designed!  And because this is but one extinction event among dozens.  This factory has quite some time before its doors closes, but the season is ripe for harvest.  Humanity was already well on the road to destroying itself anyways- perhaps, now, it can do some good instead.”



Old Man Armstrong left, and I watched the remainder of days crawl by until the others departed.  They did not try to stop we when I grew bold and walked through town- not that it would have been difficult.  Each bore the *enhancements* from millions of years of earth’s evolution- some sprouted horns, others grew keratin shielding around their vitals, or had bone thorns that extended out from their skin to better rip the flesh of enemies.  But all of them bore the same expression when the cast their eyes on me- sadness, a pity.  As if I were the last kid chosen for a team in gym class, or the child prodigy that grew up to be merely average.



On day twenty, a portal ripped open in space at the center of town, surrounded by a shimmering violet light.  Great lines formed outside the entrance as the once people marched inside, their ranks moving in unison.  But not only people exited the world- great herds of the deer I had seen served as their mounts, swarms of bugs rushed ahead of them in a carpet as high as my knees, and every other part of nature for miles around rushed to serve.  Some so far mutated they were barely recognizable.



When it was my wife’s turn to leave, a tear dripped from her face as she held up a hand in farewell.



“Beautiful moon,”  She mourned, meeting my eye one last time, “If only you had seen it.”



In a matter of hours they were gone, departed to some world far away, fighting a battle that was both alien and entirely their own.  Many likely to meet their deaths in a few moments time.  And I was alone in a mass of deserted suburbia, with no company but the wind that blew dust through the streets.



As Old Man Armstrong predicted, I found others like me over time- others who had met their own versions of him in their own towns.  We survived, subsisting off of canned food and crops for years until nature recovered, the few left over animals reestablishing their grip on the land.  We created a new town, likely similar to hundreds of others scattered across the earth, attempting to reestablish civilization.



I grit my teeth as we rebuilt, and as I remembered Old Man Armstrong’s last words as he departed, words we had no choice but to obey.



 “Be fruitful, and multiply.”

After all, it was instinct.

***

Hope you enjoyed this story :) 


**Read my story about ****Part 4**

Part 1 here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/8afzj0/the_howl_part_1_its_3_am_an_official_phone_alert/

***

“It’s the last one percent that takes the most effort,”  Said the man, sitting on an old bench along the trail to the top of the mound, and the cat I had seen earlier purring as it rubbed against his leg.  Moments before I had turned the corner to find him only ten feet away, and now I froze, my heart thumping as I took in his appearance.

Scales rushed down his arms- thick, interlocked jewels as thick as armor, radiant with the entire spectrum of colors in the sunlight.  Claws formed at his hands, the thick nails sharpened to a point, matching the canines that overtook the edge of his lips.  Flecks of yellows danced around his eyes, casting a wild glow so intense that I could not turn away, while every visible piece of him rippled with muscle as large as the bodybuilders I had seen on television.

But it wasn’t *what* he was that held me transfixed.  It was *who* he was.

“Old man Armstrong,”  I croaked, swallowing.

“Indeed, Jacob, indeed.” He said and nodded, “But as I was saying, the last bits of any action are the most difficult to complete.  It’s like the soap advertisements, how they kill ninety nine percent of germs.  That last little bit is too hidden, too resilient, too painstaking to wipe out.  And right now, that last little bit is you.”
“Me?  What, what happened to you?”  I stuttered, and looked behind me.  The mine was a half mile away, but I could run the distance.

“Don’t even consider it.  I can sprint far faster than you now.  That is the point, after all.”  He said, and stood, showing his full height to be over eight feet, “But what *did* happen to me?  Two things, the first twenty years ago.  I saw the moon before anyone else back then- *they* brought me to it and it broke me.  I was promised great leadership, an ascension above my peers.  They told me the secrets of our race- who we are, *why* we are.  How they knitted our instincts together, gave us our stories, groomed us since prehistory.   And when they cast me back down to earth, all I knew was fragments, my mind unable to comprehend until I was elevated.”

“Sounds like you’re mad, like the rest of them,”  I whispered back, rocking on my heels.

“I *was* mad!  But don’t you see, Jacob?  They made us.”  He pointed upwards towards the sky, the finger like a craggy peak, “You could say it was intelligent design, for but one purpose.  To be their weapons.  To win their wars.  And now they call us to fight, bouncing their signal off our moon.  Awakening the instincts they placed in us long ago.  Activating DNA that has long been dormant in our blood, the code from all of Earth’s evolution, giving us the greatest advantages for war.  That is our purpose, our only way to be fulfilled- why, that’s the very premise of our existence.”

“Who?  And have they just been waiting thousands of years for us to mature?  I still think you’re mad.”  

“You would call them aliens, I would call them gods.  They war with others who live in atmospheres toxic to them, that make it impossible to fight.  So instead, they found dozens of other worlds like those they attack, and they started to raise their forces.

“But time does not work the same across the universe- it is like a stream, in some places fast, in others slow.  They first planted the seeds for our existence billions of years ago- but to them, it was only yesterday.  War is economics, and letting nature build your armies is not only cheap, but effective.  Groomed by a set environment, evolution produces the strongest soldiers.  Hordes of them.”

I clenched my fists, thinking of everyone they had changed.  My friends and coworkers. My wife. My son. Everyone I had ever known.

“If you think I’m going to fight some war for you, you’re dead wrong.  They can screw themselves.”  I seethed.

He laughed at me, then settled back down on the bench, shaking his head.

“You, Jacob?  No, you missed the train.  The portals open tomorrow, but you won’t be marching through.  No, they have separate plans for you, the one percent.”

***

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/8bb79h/the_howl_end_its_3_am_an_official_phone_alert/

Estimated 1 more part sometime tomorrow night.

NEW STARCHILD coming tomorrow morning.

**Part 5 coming soon here and on my sub.  Read my story about **“What are you doing Horatius, trying to *read* again?”  Said Nean, shoving me into the wall as he walked past and sneering, “Go on, pick up your shovel, before I pick it up with your head.”

I regained my balance, staring upwards at the squiggles that had held my attention, focusing on what I knew to be letters.  On what those at Empri would be learning, and I, as a six year old in Vertae, would not.

It was the second year of schooling, our first year spent learning about subjects such as roots, stems, leaves, and the other components of plants.  We learned of the water reservoirs and how to use just the minimum amount of liquid in growth.  And we learned of the sewer and compost troughs, which had to be included every few months or else the plants would not grow as well.

“Why do we have to switch out the dirt?”  I remember asking after following Nean into class, as Skip, our adolescent instructor, showed us how to spread the compost, “Why don’t we just use the old dirt?”

“What do you mean *why*?”  Skip had retorted, his expression accusing me of stupidity while Nean snorted behind him, “You just *do*.”

“I get that, but why?”

“It’s just what you do.  You take the dirt, and you spread it. Plants grow, you pick them, you repeat.  Why doesn’t matter.  Stop wasting our time with these questions, there is food to grow, and work to do.”

And by the end of six years of age, Skip trusted us enough to start preparing our own patches of garden, practicing with the easiest of seeds, the ones that could suffer the most abuse yet still have some yield.  By now he had grown accustomed to my questions, positioning me at the far end of the practice field near the wall, far away from the rest of the class where I could not interrupt him as he inspected their gardens.  

“No, no, no, you’re doing it wrong again, Heratius,”  Skip had said, watching me as I planted seeds in a neat line, “Use the blade of your shovel to open up the dirt, not the handle.”

“Seems faster to use the handle to poke a hole, see?”  I said, showing him how I could indent the earth and place a seed inside, without actually scooping earth out.

“It’s *wrong*, just do things the right way.  If you don’t improve soon, I’m going to have to reduce your marks.  Just do it right.”

“But it’s faster!”  I complained, trying to show him again, though he had already moved on to the next student.

With time, I discovered that so long as Skip’s back was turned, it didn’t matter *how* I planted the seeds.  Mine grew just as well as anyone else’s, and I could plant that at about twice the pace, especially without him distracting me at the edge of the field. And more importantly, as my practice field moved farther away from the others, I discovered something that never would have occurred had I remained with the rest of the class.

That if I gardened quietly, and stuck towards the edge of my field, I could hear voices.  Voices that carried over to me from the other side of the wall, and though muffled, were intelligible.

“Now Segni,”  Said the voice, “We’re going to go over this again.  In order to become chief one day, you’ll have to read.  And to read, you’ll need to know your alphabet.  Can you recite it for me?”

“Why do I have to read to be chief?  I can just talk.”  Replied the young boy’s voice.

“No, you must read.  Let’s go over it again.  Here, listen, this is how you recite the alphabet.  Start with A.”

Each day I listened in, paying close attention to Segni’s lessons, reciting the letters in my head.  Learning the difference between vowels and consonants, and how to spell without knowing how the letters actually looked.  Even with the wall between, I absorbed the lessons, eagerly accepting what Segni resisted as I planted my seeds.

Within the next month, another instructed called Angie taught us at night when Skip’s morning classes ended, taking us to another learning patch and showing us how to plant slightly more difficult seeds.  Skip had already warned her of my slowness to learn, so Angie had followed his example and placed me on the outskirts of the group, this time near the window that peered out into the starry expanse outside the ship.

And as I planted, the rules that Angie reiterated to the rest of the group time and time again had already rooted and improved upon in my brain, and I found myself practicing the lessons from the mornings in my thoughts.  Finishing quicker than the others in planting, there were times my gaze flickered out through the window and to the other half of the ship, where figures moved in the distance.

But each time I let my stare wonder, I always came to rest on a window to my left, near the end of the other half.  Where a face constantly filled the glass, a face of a girl around my age, with red hair and her palms on the glass.

A face whose eyes met mine, and who stared at me every day that I worked.

***
The rest of this story found on my blog for free: https://leonardpetracci.com/the-bridge

You can also buy it on Amazon if you want to read it on a kindle!!  https://www.amazon.com/Bridge-Science-Fiction-Survival-Story-ebook/dp/B0711C45FC

***At age four, I started schooling.

Out of the thousand inhabitants of the ship, one hundred and fifty attended schooling, going to one of the three locations near the center of the ship.  There was Hippoc, the school for doctors and chefs due to the similarities in their trades, the mixing and application of plant herbs, of which approximately twenty students attended, their parents typically from those positions.  Next was Empri, where students were taught to read, their futures as the historians, leaders, and judges of the ship and admissions set for ten total seats.  And for the rest of us, a hundred and thirty in all, there was Vertae, the school for gardeners, porters, and the occasional guard.  

I still remember the year before my first day, when my father held my hand, and whispered bedtime stories to me.

“Once,”  He would say, as I resisted sleep with wide open eyes, “Once, it is said that the ship was so large that you could walk for days without touching a wall.  That the potatoes you see me farming used to grow as tall as me, perhaps even taller, and had stems as thick as my arm. Instead of the glow lights above, there was only one glow light, and somehow it split into the many that we have today.  And in the floor of the ship, there were rushes of water, hallways so to speak, that entire men could float down.”

“Float down water?”  I asked, at three, even back then my brows crossed in confusion, “They must have been very rich, to have that much water.”

“Indeed, they must have been.  But these are only stories, Horatius, stories that my father told me, and his father told him.”

“‘But where from?”  I asked, “Where did the stories come from?”

“The historians, of course,”  My father answered, “They have all sorts of stories, some so ridiculous it makes me think that they are crazy, not full of common sense like ourselves.”

“The historians,”  I had repeated, the cogs in my young mind spinning, “I want more stories, papa.  I want to be a historian.”

A frown creased my father’s face, and he sighed, “Well, Horatius, I don’t know-”

“But I do!”  I protested, and regret crossed his face.

“Look, Horatius,”  he said, “We gardeners, we keep the ship alive.  Without us, there would be no food.  There would be no one to carry water.  Everyone would starve and thirst. But without the historians, well, we would lose stories.  And we could do without that, Horatius.  Food provides, stories do not.”

Then he tucked me into bed, using the patched blanket he had mended from his own youth and still bore his scent, and departed.

“A historian,” I had whispered before falling asleep, disregarding his last words, “A *historian*.”

One year later, my father dropped me off at general assembly, where the twenty five children of my year awaited their school assignments, each with a pack of vegetables for lunch and shy expressions.  We had seen each other throughout the ship before, and Mitch, my best friend, was there next to me, but today was different.  Never before had I been with that many people my age at the same time.

“Welcome,”  Said an adult at the center of the auditorium.  High above him was a single large glow light, surrounded by eight other lights that had appeared to have gone out, or perhaps were never installed, but were rather painted over with various colors.  I remember being impressed with one that was swirls of green, white, and blue, and had situated myself underneath it.

“Today, you will receive assignments to your schools,”  Continued the adult, “One of you to go to Empri, two of you to Hippoc, and twenty two to Vertae.  While these placements are permanent, I encourage you to work hard, as your final assignments will be conducted at the end of your schooling.  It is not unheard of for a farmer to seek to become a chef, or a doctor a chief, but it comes only with hard work.”

I remember nodding, and waiting, my arms crossed over my chest.  I was ready to learn stories, and I was ready to learn letters.  I knew I could do both.

“Elliott and Hanna,”  Said the adult, “both of you will be attending Hippoc, so please exit through the door on your left, where you will be escorted to the school’s chambers. As for Empri,”  He said, scanning the crowd, his eyes landing on me as I burst into a smile, “Ah, yes, for Empri, Segni, if you’ll come with me.”

I froze as another boy pushed past me, heading to the front of the crowd, his hair recently cut and his white smile reflecting the glow of the light above.  I knew him from passing in the hall, when my father had pulled me to the side to allow the chief to pass with Segni following.

“But-”  I said, though the adult cut me off.

“But the rest of you will be attending Vertae,”  He finished, “Remember, Vertae is strength of the ship.  Without Vertae, none of us could survive.”

My father repeated those words when I came home with tears on my cheeks.  And he repeated the same thing he had for the past year, assuring me of its truth.

“Without food, we starve.”  He said, “But stories, stories are not sustenance.  We can manage without them.”

And for two years, I nearly believed him.  Until age six, when Vertae started training us in gardening the fields, and two stories of my own began.

***

Part 3: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/4uzpa3/wp_after_almost_1000_years_the_population_of_a/

**Part 3 coming soon. To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for **

** while you wait**Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.Part 2. 

I was in my study when they caught me. Or at least when they thought they had caught me. 

"We'll call in with the tip at 1900 hours," said Marco, my technology specialist over our private line, "Expect a one hour delay.  Once you're captured, we'll continue monitoring until you switch bodies. If the plan goes sour you know the signal- we can get you out of there in ten minutes."

"My plans don't go sour."

"Well, in case it does-"

"It won't, Marco." I said, "I'll see you on the other side. Any additions to our list of potential recruits?"

"Nope.  Just the twelve.  We'll reach out to you with updates as they come. Once you're on the island, you're outside our reach except for basic communications. At that point, everything is in your hands."

"Just how I like it.  They're best suited for the job." 

I hung up before he replied, and looked over the list of twelve resumes one last time. There was Antonio Perez, the man who had invented his own coding language for banking, then used a backdoor to siphon millions into his own Swedish account. Tom Noles, captured fifty years prior, but not before the FBI founded an entire division with the single purpose of shutting down the most extensive blackmarket the world hd ever known. And Lisa Watkins whose skill in bed was only exceeded by her skill in killing.  I would know, on both accounts.  Each of them showed criminal histories trailing back at least three lifetimes, and none of them had wavered to moment's thought of repentance.

"My rock stars," I whispered, "My murderers row. My hall of fame."  

At 1900 hours, I positioned myself in my study, my back to the wall length window that faced the forest behind. A forest perfect for a sneak assault, and a thin glass window pane that would break even under the smallest amount of pressure. 

And I waited, my arms crossed, and pretending to watch the seventh inch display in front of me. 

Fifty seven minutes later, I heard the glass shatter and felt the prick in the back of my neck. I feigned surprise as four elite task force units charged through the window, and I pulled the tranquilizer dart out, my vision already blurring. 

"Bastards," I shouted, fumbling for the gun at my belt and raising it to my temple, "Good luck tracing this dead body!" 

But before I could pull the trigger, darkness closed around me, and four sets of hands caught my falling body. 

***

Shortly after I awoke I was escorted to the court room. 

"Class three death clearance," shouted the guard as they took me from my holding cell. Pens, belts, scissors disappeared as I walked down the hall in accordance with his command, as a class three clearance removed any potential methods of suicide. Even the electrical outlets had stoppers over them. 

The judge was unmovable and the jury heartless. 

"Please," I said, my voice heavy with sarcasm, "you have the wrong guy. Not guilty. "

The judge snorted, awaiting the chance to read the sentence he had be preparing to say all day. 

"20 life cycles," he said, rapping his gavel, "Category four deaths. Dismissed."

I laughed as they led me from the courtroom and boarded the boat that would take me to Carcer. No helicopters or planes were used for transportation- it was too easy to shoot them down, or seize the controls, and die in international waters where the soul fled to its most recent country of residence. 

I was sedated the entire trip, and the boat docked an unknowable amount of hours later. The guards ushered me from the boat and led me up the beach, to a roped off section of sand permanently covered red. 

"Alright boys," I said from inside my straight jacket, "You heard the judge. Category four death. Let's get this over with."

"Shut it, prisoner." Said the lead, kicking my knees out from under me, one of them breaking with an audible snap, "You are worthless now. You are no longer Frederick. You are no longer an economic nightmare. You are no one."

Behind him, the other three guards removed steel batons from their belts.  I watched as they advanced, knowing full well what a category four death meant. That there was only one category more painful, category five, reserved for the rapists. 

It took twenty minutes for me to black out. They started with the legs, working their way upwards, ensuring no bone remained intact. And just before I lost consciousness I saw the head guard remove a glass jar from his belt, and catch my last breath inside it, which they would use to trace the soul to its new body. 

And I, Frederick Galvanni, died my sixty fourth death. 


***

Part 3: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3v8wlc/wp_reincarnation_has_been_proven_but_you_are/

Kindle version: https://www.amazon.com/Til-Death-Do-Us-Part-ebook/dp/B01GT7BOV6?ie=UTF8&ref_=asap_bc###In case you are not following along with the story, ****

**Get excited and make some noise for theexclusive launch thread**- I've been working on Star Child for *months*, and it's my longest novel to date.  Tons of sweat went into this one and it's really paid off well in the story.  This has been more fun to write than any of my stories so far, which means it should be even more fun for you to read.


**Synopsis**

Star Child is a superhero story where powers come from geographic birth location.  The main character is the first person ever to be born in space, an act punishable by death.  And though he is hunted by a slew of villains with abilities such as diamond hard skin or control of lightning, he has powers unlike any the world has ever seen at his disposal.  This adventure tale is packed with suspense and witty characters.   Star Child will still be released on a chapter by chapter basis on this sub.

**Please leave a review if you pick up a copy!  They are *crucial* to the official launch!**  I really can't stress how important they are!

Hope you love the story :)  Thanks again to everyone who helped along the way, and thank you for your support as fans.  It means the world to me!  Be sure to let me (and the rest of the sub) know what you think, but please mark it as spoilers.

###.

Wishing you the best,

Leo

PS- post any questions below!!  

Star child will also be announced on writing prompts and my username followers. For frequent visitors, I apologize if you see this three times.At age ten, we gathered in the general assembly, the rest of the ship together for the announcement of our positions.  Extra rations were available to all that attended, so not a single person was missing from the crowd.

“Welcome,”  Boomed the chief from the podium at the front, his eyes bright, “Welcome, to the selection ceremony.  We are proud to receive the next wave of students into our cittezenship, into our community.  Only through work do we persist, and together we survive.”  He gestured at us, wearing the blue graduation robes that spent most of their lives locked in a closet, and as such had far brighter colors than any other garment.  Then he continued his gesture to a table, where the were twenty five items resting on the surface.  One pen, two mounds of dried herbs, and twenty three cherry tomatoes.

“Today, we accept our graduates with open arms.  We have full faith in them, and bestow upon them the responsibility of future generations to come.  But first,”  He said, and held up a waiting finger, “They must pass their tests.”

Three people stepped forward from behind the chief, each in different colored robes.  One I recognized as Skip, his hair plastered down for the occasion.  The other was Sage, the lead cook of the kitchens, who sometimes gave me an extra portion when I gave her my best smile.  And the third was a man that I did not recognize, with a beard that spilled over his chin, and a volume under one arm.

“I shall administer the first test,”  Claimed Sage, “Will the interested individuals please step forward?”

Elliott and Hanna moved as one from our crowd, their chins high, their parents in the crowd with beaming smiles.

“For the past six years, you have studied, and you have persevered,”  Said Sage, “And now, we must know if that has succeeded.  Three questions I have for you, three questions that either a doctor or chef can answer.  First, what is the proper herb to administer to those complaining of aches and sores?”

“Ginseng!”  They said together, and Sage nodded as the crowd applauded.

“Next, demonstrate the correct way to prepare the following herbs for cooking,”  Said Sage, as two people rushed forward from the crowd with trays, knives, and several green leafs.  Both Eliott and Hanna took the knives and separated the herbs accordingly, dicing or rolling them into the correct shapes as Sage nodded.

“And lastly,”  Said Sage, with a smile, “What is the oath of the school of Hippoc?”

“To preserve, to sustain, to nourish, and to aid, for the good of the ship.”  
And with a final nod the crowd erupted, Elliot and Hanna returning to their seats with the piles of herbs from the table clutched in their hands.

“As we all know, no test is required for students of Vertae, so the next test shall be administered to the sole student of Empri, my very son, whose progress had made me most proud.”  Said the chief, and the bearded man stepped forward, a frown on his face.

“It is known,”  Said the man, and I recognized his voice from Segni’s lessons, “That the direction of our future is held in the hands of our leaders.  That those graduating from Empri are of the highest caliber, are of the brightest minds, and of moral righteousness.  Will the interested individuals please step forward for this year’s opening of Historian, so that I, Pliny the Historian, may extend my blessing.

Segni strode to before the podium, his father towering above him as he prepared for the first question.  I bit my lip as I looked ahead, and pushed my way to the front of the student crowd, Nean pushing my shoulder as I walked past so I staggered behind Segni.

The chief’s eyes widened as I stared up at Pliny, my shoulders thrown back, and my fists clenched to hide the dirt under my nails.  Behind me, I heard the crowd start to whisper, and looked back to see my father among them, shaking his head as his eyes met mine.

“A *gardener*,” laughed one from the front, “A gardener.  Go back to the fields boy, don’t embarass yourself.”

“Indeed,”  Said the chief, looking down at me, “Do you presume that you can pass a test designed for the students of Empir?  This is for intellectuals, boy, absolutely unheard of.  Go on back.”

Skip stepped forward, his face red, pointing at me, “Out of all my class he has the lowest marks!”  He spat, “Can’t even make a hole correctly after four years!  Slowest learner I’ve ever seen.  I apologize, chief, for my student’s ignorance.  Get, Horatius.”

Pliny stared down at me, his eyebrows raised, and spoke as well, addressing the audience in his deep voice, “It is written that anyone may take the test, and it is wrong to bar them entry.  As such, we cannot deny him, regardless of our opinion if he will pass or fail.  Let us begin.”

Part 6 https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/4vei5y/wp_after_almost_1000_years_the_population_of_a/

**Part 6 coming soon. To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.**

** while you wait**Part 1 of The Howl miniseries.  Enjoy!

***

Have you heard the wolf howl?  The sound that echoes in your bones, that makes needles race across your skin.

My grandmother used to say that all wolves howl from instinct.  In memory of something long before, in connection with their ancestors.  And the dogs, they howl from the remnants of instinct from when they were wolves.  From the part of them that remembers the pack, the hunt, the fury.

She said what makes us human is forgetting our instincts.  Left in the wild, how few of us would survive?  How many would know how to stalk prey, would remember how to survive snow naked, or to how to hide from the hungry tiger?

Few.

Tonight, when the moon rose, it was as if there was a presence over my shoulders, as if I could hear a distant musical note but not see the instrument.  For I was in the tunnels deep below the earth, in one of the few remaining coal mines, and shielded from the radiance above.  My team stiffened at midnight, casting their eyes upwards, searching the rock, their eyes finding nothing against the stone and support beams.  And at six AM, we boarded the mine shaft, each of us stopping at the time clock to claim our hours.

That was when the cell phones started to buzz.

Deep underground, it's impossible for the signal to penetrate.  You're cut off not only from the sky, but from all life.  All humanity.  And now, just a few dozen feet below the surface, the flood began.

Jim's phone started first, the ringtone not changed in over a decade, his wrinkles deepening as he stared at the screen.  In all the time I had known Jim, I'd never heard that ringtone.  I'd never seen his screen light up, or his fingers peddle across a keyboard that still used T-9.  But now, the device wouldn't stop vibrating long enough for him to type an answer.

Sally's went off next- Sally, who's screen was so cracked that is nearly cut her finger as she swiped, and who had added a case thicker than her hard hat as a countermeasure to future damage.  But the damage was already done, and no case could undo it.  Funny, how she didn't protect it until no longer necessary.  Like her husband, who cheated on her after they fought every night for a month, and now she spread mortar over the cracks in a marriage that would never recover.

My phone, at four percent battery, was last.  As the twenty other miners trickled out of the tunnel, I switched off airplane mode, which I had been on to connect keep it from dying.  I'd been saving it to call my own wife- it had been six months since our last date, but little Jimmy was sleeping over at a friends tonight.  And I'd been saving change for weeks to take her to Gianno's, where we had first met, to share a Chicago pizza.  Maybe even a milkshake after, if we could splurge.

But before I could call, my phone also started to vibrate.  And four percent turned to three percent.

From Jimmy. "Dad, you HAVE to see this!  Meet me at the baseball field!"

From my wife.  "Honey, come home soon, let's stay in the garden and look at the stars."

Three percent turned to two percent.

From Amanda, my college girlfriend. "Hi Jacob, I know it's been years since we last talked, but I just wanted to apologize for being a bitch when we broke up.  Not that you weren't a jerk :)  But anyways, if you're looking for some fun, let's take a walk in the park.  Maybe we can hide in the bushes :)"

From the astronomy club I had went to once, who kept my phone number since last September. "Jacob, you will *not* believe what's in the sky.  You don't need a telescope to see this!"

Two percent became one, and my phone began to wail.  It was like one of those Amber alerts, where a child goes missing, and you're supposed to watch for a license plate.  But this message contained neither a child or plate.

I'd been walking as I read the messages, but now I stopped, the rest of the group exiting twenty yards ahead of me into the moonlight.  I could hear their phones wailing as well, but none bothered to look.  Instead, they looked up, while I looked down.

"STAY INSIDE.  HIDE, LOCK YOUR DOORS, AND AWAIT EMERGENCY SERVICES."

But when I blinked, the message changed while the phone refreshed.

"UNLOCK YOUR DOORS, AND AWAIT EMERGENCY SERVICES OUTSIDE."

The screen turned dark as the last remaining trickle of battery failed, and the lights in the tunnel flickered.  Ahead, glancing at the reflecting moonlight, something tugged at my mind.  A distant memory that seemed like a word on the tip of my tongue.  An excitement, a mission, something calling to me.  A terrible purpose.

I swallowed, then looked back towards the group.  Their heads tilted back, and their mouths opened, their pupils dilating despite the light.  Their shoulders turned rigid and they stood on their tip toes as their voices cut through the night, as they shouted into the sky.  But I edged backwards into the darkness as they sprinted away together, as a pack.  I slept there that night, waiting for daylight, the mine echoing with the sound they had made before leaving and making me shake.

They have remembered the howl.

And with the rising sun, I walk among wolves.

***Each morning I started with an hour of exercise, which was required of porters.

I would arrive in the heavy room slightly after breakfast, feeling my spine compress as I walked across the threshold, adjusting my posture slightly as I walked inside.   Waiting was weightlifting machinery- an arrangement of dumb bells and plates designed to help increase muscle capacity, all at twice the weight they would be outside the heavy room.  

There I would pair up with the others who had been assigned to be porters, many of them for life, their chests bulging from under their shirts and the veins in their necks popping. Most of them were those who could not succeed at gardening, though some were placed there for punishments like myself, for crimes such as hoarding water or striking their neighbors.  

“Tom want first breakfast,”  Said my partner as I watched his form.  As usual it was impeccable, near robotic, not a single mistake as the weights were cycled through lifts and rests.  But for all his skill with strength conditioning, Tom had troubles outside the heavy room, where his difficulty in grasping the intricacies of planting seeds and grammar had dragged him down the societal ladder to porter.

“Fine,”  I answered, “I’ll take second, then.” 

We ate in shifts, as porters.  It meant that there were always some of us available to cart away waste, or move bundles of vegetables, or shift furniture around living spaces.  But there was a perk to being a porter, one that was required by the sheer physical requirements of the position- we were rationed portions and a half, of both food and water.

“Good,”  Answered Tom, dropping his weights so that the heavy room shook, “Tom done then.” 

And he lumbered away, sweat staining the back of his shirt, his physical stature larger than almost any on the ship.  In his absence I racked the weights, then retrieved a cart at the end of the hall, one that was to be transported to the kitchens and was filled with potatoes.

At first, the going was hard, since being so near the heavy room making the cart difficult to push.  But after my first week of being a porter, I had learned inner layout of the ship, hidden from the main corridors, where the light halls were and how to connect them.  

I’d been in light halls before, of course.  Before being required to work, I’d often played in them, running up the sides of the walls and jumping from end to end of the corridor in a single bound, much to the annoyance of any traversing porters at the time.  For just as the heavy room added weight to my frame, the light hall removed it, making transporting overfilled carts as easy as those that were empty in the normal, more occupied areas.

The light hall I used that morning was dark, the glow lights much lower than in other areas of the ship, and ran behind a row of living spaces that emptied their waste into the hall for porters to collect.  As soon as I finished crossing the hall, there would be hardly another hundred feet before reaching the kitchens, and I could switch duties with Tom as he finished breakfast.  The thought had my stomach growling, especially since the new chef Eliott was already known for his skill in dish preparation.

And that morning I was so hungry, and so focused upon completing my task, that I never heard the footsteps behind me.

“Stupid *porter*!”  Said Nean’s voice as an oversized hand gripped the back of my neck, pinning me to the wall, “Think you’re smarter than all of us, look where you are now.  If it was my decision, you’d stay here.”

“Get off!”  I shouted, my muscles sore for the heavy room, adding to the agony of Nean cheese grating my nose against the rough metal.

“All I want to do is make sure you’ve learned your lesson.  Help the chief out.  He asked me, you know.  Well, not him particularly, just the future chief.”

“Stop it!” I shouted, but Nean ripped me away from the wall, driving my forehead into the hard edge of the cart so hard that the room flashed.  I fell, feeling his shoe contact my ribs on the way down, and once more as I curled on the cold floor, struggling to draw in breaths. Then Nean leaned over, his face so close to mine that I could smell his breath.

“Segni says if you try to humiliate him again, you won’t just be a porter.  He says I can hit you hard enough that you think like them too.  Right here.”

Then he spat, his phlegm mixing with the blood on the side of my head, before his running footsteps receded down the light hallway, and he was gone.

Ahead, I heard a door open, spilling more light into the space as a tall figure walked out, his voice angry.

“I swear by the hand, if you kids are playing this early in the morning I’ll have your rations personally cut so much that they’ll stunt any form of development,”  He hissed, coming closer, “I’ll- Oh God, God, boy, what happened to you?”

Above, a face materialized, a face surrounded by beard, one that I could now match to the voice when the anger left it.

“Fell,”  I answered, as Pliny reached a hand downward, pulling me to my feet.

“Bullshit,”  He answered, before leaning inside the door that he had come through, “Clea, we’re going to need a doctor, please fetch one.  Yes, right now, hurry!”  Then he turned back to me, his voice low, “Boy, what happened to you, who did this?”

“I fell.”  I repeated, gritting my teeth as pain started to set in.

“Like I said, bullshit.  God son, you look awful.”

I turned away from him, and started pushing the cart, limping towards the exit before his hand caught my shoulder.
“No you don’t, boy.  The doctors are already on their way.  They’ll be here in under a minute.”  

And he looked into my face, studying it again, with the same curious expression as he had during the test.

“Tell me, boy, can you think straight?”

I nodded, though my vision blurred, and heard footsteps down the hall, doctors that had nearly arrived.

“Then if you understand this,” He said, and started to spell, ”M-E-E-T-space-M-E-space-H-E-R-E-space-T-O-M-O-R-R-O-W-space-N-I-G-H-T.”

“Why?”

“Because the ship needs a historian,”  He answered as the doctors arrived, carrying me with them to their designated rooms, where herbs and bandages awaited.

Part 8 https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/4vxc07/wp_after_almost_1000_years_the_population_of_a/

**Hey everyone, sorry if grammar is a little off- it's 2AM here, but I wanted to get you an update.  -Leo**


**Part 8 coming soon. To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.**

** while you wait****Part 2**

“You have been chosen,”  Said Brickman three weeks after I accepted his offer, walking across the tile floor and the wood heel of this dress shoes making a *click* with each contact, “Simply because you are the best.  You may have thought that you discovered us- no, rather it was we who discovered you, and we brought you here today.  To form the most elite team in all of history.”

The room we were in was small, with a whiteboard that looked as if it had not been cleaned in years and twenty desks resembling those that I had used in high school, inhabited by the other recruits.  We had been shuttled there from the Atlanta airport, traveling north about two hours to rural Georgia, and our individual taxis letting off each of the recruits at what amounted to little more than an old educational building in the woods, little more than a classroom and a boarded up sign that said “Eileen’s Montessori School for the Gifted” outside.  The sheer variety of recruits was astonishing- the girl to my right with bright pink sneakers could not have been more than five feet tall and had the body of a gymnast, while the boy to my left stood at least a head higher than me and had a gut that suggested cheeseburgers were a staple on the food pyramid.  

“Sounds creepy,”  he said, leaning back in his chair and squinting at Brickman, whose pinstriped suit made him appear to leap out from the whiteboard.

“It could be perceived in that way,”  Answered Brickman, “But consider us more of guardians.  We’ve seen incredible potential in each of you and we’ve helped nurture you along the way.  If that concerns you, I welcome you to leave.”  He said, and pointed to the open door.  

But no one moved.

“As I said, we nurtured you, Alexander.  Our records indicate that you were an incredible computer programmer since the age of six, one unrivaled by his peers, even taking down a cartoon channel’s website and holding it hostage when they cancelled your favorite show at age twelve.  To me, that sounds like an offense that could land you some time in a Juvenile Detention facility, but the charges were *mysteriously* dropped, were they not?  And all those summer coding camps, the ones notorious for being the best, just *happened* to send you scholarships and free flights to their campus? No, Alexander, we hold your best interest at heart.”

“What is this, then, some sort of puppet show?”  Alexander remarked, staying slouched in his chair though some of the color had drained from his face, “Do you think you can control all of my actions whenever you feel like it?”

“Sadly, we cannot.  We also signed you up for countless dietary programs throughout the years, but I see our efforts have, quite unfortunately, been widely unsuccessful.  No matter, for that can be fixed.”  Then Brickman turned to the entire class, addressing us as a whole, “We have given you the means to be successful.  And each of you have taken advantage of that fact.  We offer it free of charge, and again, you may leave now with no consequences if you wish.  I assure you, you will never hear from us again.”

But again, no one moved to the door.

“Good,”  Brickman said, “As our program requires one hundred percent commitment.  As I was saying, you have been chosen to form a team, to serve your country, each of you for your individual talents.  Each of you because you have the grit, the drive, and the *right stuff*.  Moving forward, you will be asked to complete tasks more demanding than any in your life.  And often, the lives of others will be on the line.  It’s a noble cause, what you will be supporting.  You will be the forefront of those protecting the free world, of those who protect the lives of the innocent.  But again, it is not an easy one.”

“How do we know that we’re not the bad guys here,”  Said a voice from the back, a boy wearing a backwards *Yankees* baseball cap and jeans, leaning forward in his desk, “I don’t want to be a villain, Mr. Brickman.  I need to be sure that if I’m signing up for this program, I’ll be used for good, and the government has a way of redefining what is good for them and good for the people.”

Brickman spread his arms wide and smiled.

“You have the right to refuse any mission you believe has immoral intentions.  A great question, we intend to make you heroes, not villains. Now, again, the door is there ladies and gentlemen.  There for you to take! If you do not walk out now, then you are committed for the next three years.”

But each of us waited, each making the biggest decision of our lives, though we did not know it then.

“Good,”  Said Brickman, walking parallel to the whiteboard, and placing his hand on a hand crank pencil sharpener old that it had started to rust, “Then let us begin.”

He pushed the sharpener into the wall, where it receded with a soft *click*.  And the floor began to move, startled gasps sounding from my classmates as the ceiling and walls fell away, and we had traveled down a hundred feet like an enormous elevator.

With a shudder, the floor stopped, and Brickman smiled.

“I always did hate that room,”  He said, and pointed, “As I was saying, recruits, *there is the door*.  It’s time your training was started.”

He led us out, out into a life we had agreed to without fully reading the contract.

"Go ahead,"   Said the boy in the *Yankees* cap when we bumped shoulders at the door, "You first."

"Thanks,"  I replied, and extended my hand, "Lionel."

"Geoffrey."  He replied, and shook it.

****

**To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.  Be sure to check out my most popular story, , while you wait.***“This is Maree,”  Brickman had said, as my mouth fell open at the sheer expanse of the underground facility.  It was easily the size of a football field, polished concrete floor extending ahead with alcoves for offices on the left and right.  High above, men and women walked along corridors jutting in and out walls, carrying briefcases and high end laptops as they rushed between meetings.  A glass staircase circled the center, catwalks branching off leading to higher levels, and lights dropped from the ceiling, casting the entire area in a white glow.  

Hundreds of monitors covered the walls, adding color to the white glow, displaying moving charts and updating pages, several surrounded by small groups of people holding clipboards.  Plaques were engraved underneath, each containing a short description of the purpose-  *China*, *Russia*, *Taliban*, *Most Wanted North America*, and *Immediate Threats* were among them.  

“As I was saying,”  Repeated Brickman, “This is Maree.  Maree will be your administrative guide throughout the program, serving as a link between yourselves and any members of staff.  Maree, if you will lead them to their rooms, I’m afraid I must depart on other business.”

“This way, this way.”  Shouted Maree, a short, mousy women in a conservative blue business suit, who seemed to use far too many steps move forward at her current pace, “We are all *very* excited to have you.  Should you have any difficulties in your training, be sure to give me a call on your cell.  Your luggage has already been transported to your rooms, and we shall be introducing you to your general education teachers within the next half hour.  You will have approximately ten minutes to change,”  She said, casting an eye at Irene, the hispanic recruit from California who had arrived in a shirt cut so low it had succeeded in capturing the male half of the class’ attention, “Into more appropriate attire.”

“You said we could call you if we have issues?”  Asked Alexander from the back of the group, holding up his cell phone, the most recent release in technology.

“Yes dear, yes.”

“Well can you give us your number then?”  He said, “Kind of need that to call.”

“My apologies, I forgot you are so nuew.  My number has been pre-loaded into each of your phones, simply as Maree.”  Then she winked at Alexander, and led us to a side corridor, “Our friends in the NSA come in very useful at times.

“Now,”  She continued, and pointed down the hallway, where ten doors were numbered, “There really is not much time, so please change quickly.  Two of you to a room, by the way, assigned on the door way.  We will go over ground rules tonight.”
I found my door, *Lionel, Geoffrey*, and entered.

As I toured colleges, I had been shown dorm rooms that all claimed that they were top notch.  Some had come with washers and dryers, others with personal bathrooms, and some even provided miniature kitchens.  

But there were nothing in comparison to what I was now seeing.

There were six rooms in the apartment- one room for each Geoffrey and I, a full living expanse, two studies, and a room blocked by a shaded glass door.  The bedrooms alone were enormous, a flatscreen television taking up the majority of the wall, a king bed staking claim on the floor, and walk in closet filled with a wardrobe all tailored to my body.  The living room hosted two leather couches, another television tuned into the day’s schedule, and a complete dining set.  Each of the studies had computer towers that whirred softly, a bookshelves already bent with the weight of textbooks, a laptop identical to the one I had seen others carrying earlier, and a full oak desk.

“Five minutes!”  Shouted Eileen from outside, and I heard Geoffrey changing next to me, so I slipped out of my jeans and into the uniform.  It was made from a polymer of sorts, somewhat reminding me of the tight fitting UnderArmor shirts for sale at the gym by my house, but felt sturdier. The color was dark grey, matching that of charcoal, and as I stepped back into the hallway I saw that everyone else now were matching.

“To the gym!”  Said Maree, taking her short steps forward as we followed down a flight of steps, and into a room filled with padded walls, weights, and mannequins.

“Welcome to Eileen’s!”  Shouted a towering man as we entered, his muscles bulging through his too small T-Shirt and his ears seeming to stick too close to his head in knotted bulges,  “I am Ivan, and I teach Americans fighting.  It has been long time since Ivan has seen recruits so pitifully prepared for what awaits them.  For next three years, you belong to Ivan.” 

“For next three years, I skip this class.”  Retorted Alexander from the back, and Ivan’s eyes narrowed as he walked forward.

“For next three years, if you speak out again, you learn.”  He said, three inches from Alexander’s face, the double chin wobbling, “I make you half the many you are now, literally!”

Alexander glared, but kept his mouth shut until Ivan a few steps away and addressed the class.

“Before we begin, many of you have seen movie describing fighting.  In movie, person goes to learn to fight, and become master in one week.  They have, how you say, *fighting montage*. Next three year is fighting montage for you, painful montage. Montage of Jitsu, Maga, Systema, and more.  We will see who makes it, no?”

“Did you learn that in the KGB?”  Quipped Alex again, but this time Ivan was only three steps away.  Before he could move Ivan had his wrist in his hand and twisted, pulling Alexander closer and whirling him through the air.  The motion looked impossible, Alexander’s several hundred pounds tumbling forward, his feet arcing high above.  And right before his back hit the ground, Ivan caught him,  and dropped him only the last foot.

“I learn much in KGB.”  Said Ivan, his voice low as Alexander gasped, “But number one thing I learn, is how to kill Americans. I kill many Americans, too many, that is why I work here now.  I am too valuable to put in a jail cell.  And I can always kill one more.

“Now,”  Ivan said, standing up to speak with the group again, “Any questions?”

Part 4: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/4tcn7p/wp_a_drug_has_been_outlawed_decades_ago_that_has/

**Part 4 coming soon.  To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.  Be sure to check out my most popular story, , while you wait.***“S-H-I-P.” Said the teacher through the wall, as I walked through the potatoes I had planted, administering carefully measured water to each, “What’s that spell?”

“Sheep.”  Said Segni, his voice exasperated.

*Ship, you little shit.*  I thought, nearly spilling my watering apparatus in frustration, *ship!*

It had been two years since I’d discovered my listening spot, and in those two years Segni had slowly and painfully progressed through the alphabet to the separation of vowels and consonants to spelling.  I gritted my teeth each time his teacher sighed, each time Segni came into lessons and had not practiced the night before, each time he asked for a break after five minutes.

“Close,” Came the teacher’s voice, “We learned about sheep last week in the readings.  Try again.”

“I don’t feel like it,”  Said Segni, and I heard a thump as he put his foot on the desk, “Close enough.”

“No, it’s not close enough,”  Said the teacher, “I’m going to need you to try again.”

“Look, I don’t have to do anything that I don’t want to.  I’m the chief’s son, and he’s the one that gives you your rations.  He’s not even sure why you’re making me learn reading, said he thinks it’s a waste.  So I’d be careful or maybe I’ll tell him you’re not doing your job, and you’ll go to the fields.”

There was silence inside the classroom for a moment, then the instructor spoke, his voice bitter.

“As you wish,”  He said, “If you shall refuse to read, I shall read to you.  Today, we study the history of the ship prior to the Hand of God.  Prior to when the ship was split, and our brothers and sisters were separated from us, perhaps forever.  Segni, are you listening?  Quit drawing.”

“Go on, I’m listening,”  Said Segni with a yawn, as the teacher continued.  I suppose I should be thankful for Segni’s general attitude, for without it I never would have heard the stories.  Instead, Segni would have read them to himself, and I would be no better off.

“As I was saying,”  Continued his teacher, “The ship was once one, one people.  From their census, we know that food and water used to be in higher abundance, that they used to be able to sustain a population far greater than our own.  *Listen* to this Segni, this is the reason why our numbers cannot exceed one thousand now, because we do not have the resources. When the asteroid hit, it took with it much of our capabilities, much of our ways to provide.”

“Yeah, the asteroid hit, and killed a ton of people.  That happened forever ago.”

“It wasn’t the *asteroid* that killed those people, Segni.  From records, we can see that only two hundred people died in the actual collision.  The rest died after.  From starvation, from famine, from thirst.  Segni, as chief one day you will have to understand this, that we must be prepared for famine again.”

“If the asteroid hits again, we’ll probably all die, so it doesn’t even matter.”

“There’s plenty more that just an asteroid that can go wrong, Segni.”

“Whatever,”  he said, “We’ll make it through.  We always do.”

“Because we are *prepared*.  Three hundred years ago, our ship panicked the water stopped flowing.  Our numbers were at three thousand then, and when the flow stopped, they plummeted.  It is said that a great historian, Archim, was able to discover how to start the flow again.  But even he could not bring it up to normal levels, and so we persist today weaker than ever.  One hundred years ago, the half our corps died, for an explanation that we cannot identify.  *Half*, and we are barely able to sustain as is.  Without food stores, we likely would have followed.  This *will* happen again, Segni, and unless you are prepared we will not, as you put it, make it through.”

Segni huffed, and I continued gardening, heart pumping as I listened.  I had heard of the *Great Thirst*, but that was supposed to be false, something my father said to me when I felt like complaining.  

“Segni, you must listen to me,”  Said the teacher, “Our lives will be in your hands.  History repeats itself, and there are precious few who we can dedicate to leading the ship, precious few that know the purpose of our existence.  You will be one of them and you must use that knowledge wisely, in the case of another disaster.  In case the Hand of God strikes again."

Part 5 https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/4v9dc6/wp_after_almost_1000_years_the_population_of_a/

**I'm adding some additional material, so this will exceed seven parts.**

**Part 5 coming soon. To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.**

** while you wait**The Bridge will be published any day now!  Get ready, and keep your eye out for an announcement.

I need your help- **Word of mouth is how others find out about my work.**  Tell your friends and other communities about The Bridge!  I cannot emphasize how important your personal recommendation is to help.

Here's Chapter 49: https://leonardpetracci.com/2017/04/30/the-bridge-chapter-49/**Title of this story: The Bridge**

Pliny held up the sheet of paper, the word imbued upon it in his thin handwriting, and waited.

“*Stu-*”  I said, “Stud… *Student*.” 

“Correct!” He said, a smile playing across his face, “*Student*.  Four weeks lessons, Horatius, and you’re already sounding out complex words.  Not to mention that you already have most the history absorbed, which takes up the bulk of the lessons.  I suppose you did have somewhat of an advantage though, what with all the gardening.”

We were in Pliny’s apartment, his wife Clea listening from the other room as she finished daily chores and prepared for bed, and Pliny sitting with me in their living room.  It was bigger than I was accustomed to- my father’s appartment had been only three rooms, consisting of his, mine, and a closet.  There were plenty of vacant rooms about the ship, but very few with space, and Pliny’s was one of them.

Since my incident with Nean I had come to a near full recovery, all that remained of the accident being a small circular scar in the center of my forehead, just above my nose and between my eyes.  I’d spent a few days in the doctor’s care, though remembering them was difficult as I tried to focus.

“Look here, son.”  The head doctor had said while Hannah pressed a combination of ice and freshly cut herbs to my swollen face.  I’d likely helped grow the herbs, and the ice was from the edge of the ship, near where the Hand of God had struck and could be collected off of the walls.

“Look here,”  He repeated, when my eyes failed to focus, “This is no falling injury.  Bruises like that don’t show up on your ribs from a small tumble, neither does spit end up in your hair, nor a head injury to this degree.  I’m going to need you to tell me what happened, so I can properly report it in.”

“Was walking, decided to jump around in the light hall just like when I was younger, and I tipped on the cart.”  I answered.

“And I became a doctor by drinking piss,”  He answered, “I need you to report the name, or else this could happen again, to someone else.  He will know justice.”

For a moment, I believed him.  For a moment, I almost let *Nean* slip out of my mouth, and put the matter in his hands.  But then he spoke again.

“Trust me, son, an act like this deserves at least a year of being a porter.”

And the thought of spending every day with Nean for the next year was so unbearable, I was only able to say two more words:  “I fell.”

But that was a month ago, and in the space of that month, I’d had my lessons with Pliny to take my mind off my injuries.  He’d started with an interrogation, demanding to know how my father had taught me to spell, or where I had picked up the art.  And he had laughed when I sheepishly told him the answer, his eyes smiling, and asking if I could return each day at eight.  I nodded, and he spoke again.

“There’s work ahead of you, Horatius, and you’re still behind Segni in many areas.  But I’d rather have an eager student that a more experienced one.  For now though, let’s keep this between us.  I will teach you only for the sake of you learning- what you do with the knowledge is your decision.  I cannot guarantee that you will become a historian in name.  However, I can make you one at heart, and better yet, mind.”

So I learned the letters that I had become so familiar with, understanding how to pick them off the paper and transform them into the auditory format that I was so accustomed with using.  And soon, Pliny lent me a small book, one that I was to read every night before bed in my quarters.  

“It’s for learning,” He said, handing it to me, “It won’t always make sense, but it will help you adjust to sight reading.  Go on, read me the title, get started.”

“One Fish, Two Fish.  What exactly is a *fish*?” I asked.
“We have some idea, but believe that they must have existed in the past, before the hand of God.  Most the books, especially this one,”  He thumped a larger one, one I later would know as the bible, “Seem to mention them.  Apparently they are for catching, so pay attention, Horatius.  For many of the greatest learners were fishermen, and I will teach you to fish.”

So I rehearsed *One Fish, Two Fish*.  And soon I moved on to other books, books slightly more complex, with more words that I couldn’t understand.  Sometimes it took my entire concentration to follow the storyline, so when we moved on to other books, books that Pliny called *manuals*, I was far more interested.

“This,”  He said, after two years of lessons, “This is the *Guide to Gardening*, which lists many of the techniques we employ today to ensure that we are able to feed the ship.  Perhaps it could use a good read through from someone like yourself who knows more on the subject, and could see if there is anything else we have missed.”

So I read, and I learned.  I found out that it was light that made plants bear fruit, not just water and soil, which explained why some students had better success than others in different areas of the gardening fields closer to the lights.  And I learned other things, descriptions of how to rub plants together in ways to make bigger yields, that planting the seeds from bigger vegetables instead of eating them would lead to better yields.

And as I studied under Horatius, my body began to change.  From my year as a porter, my muscles had grown tighter, able to lift more than before.  And with more food, I’d grown, just as plants grew more with more light. When I returned to gardening, they’d treated me as an outcast, giving me grunt labor for the first three years, essentially working as a porter again in the fields.  So by fourteen years of age, Nean no longer made comments when I walked past, my shoulders broader than his.  And by fifteen, Skip decided to give me ownership over a small portion of the garden.

“Horatius, it’s been years since you’ve been in my class,”  He said, calling me to the side of the fields where he monitored activity, “And I am a forgiving man.  I believe in second chances, and now I am offering you one.  A chance to own your own piece of land.  A chance to be a respectable gardener.  Are you ready to take this responsibility?”

“Why are you doing this, Skip?”  I asked, my voice considerably deeper than the last time we had talked at length, and his face turned red.

“Are you not exited for the opportunity, Horatius ? I believe that you’ve had time to reflect on your past transgressions and poor marks, and-”

“Cut it, Skip,”  I answered, “I know you’re not doing this because you want to.  Why are you doing this?”

Skip sighed, “Look, Ann is getting old.  She works in the center of the garden and complains that the bright lights hurt her eyes there, and she’s never able to carry enough water there to properly water the plants.  No one else wants the spot.”

“I’ll accept under one condition, then, Skip.”

“You’ll *what*?  Accept?  I’m giving you the chance to turn your life around.  You should take it gladly!”

“No, I’ll take it under one circumstance.  That I manage my garden on my own, with none of your supervision, and none of your intervention.”

“Ridiculous!  I won’t have you ruining a perfect square of soil because you can’t garden.  I won’t leave you unatended, Horatius, I absolutely *won’t*.”

“Fine, then I don’t want it.”

“You *have* to take it, no one else will.”

“Then agree to my conditions.  I’ll even make you a bet, Skip.  If my plot of land does not produce three times as much as when Ann worked it, then for a full month you can have half of my rations.  *Half*, and you choose first.”

Skip looked at me, his eyes narrowed, chewing on his lip.

“Fine,”  He spat, “Fine, be difficult.  But when you fail, I’ll be taking those rations.  And you’ll be doing *exactly* as I say from then on, Horatius.  You hear me?  You-”

But I was already walking away, reviewing the *Guide To Gardening* in my mind.  For twenty years, Ann had worked that spot, and for twenty years it had likely been neglected.  I’d seen her work, not taking care that every drop of water found its home, spacing her plants too far apart, walking slow from a combination of old bones and general apathy.

Which meant for twenty years, the spot with the brightest lights in the room had been mismanaged.

And now it was mine.

***

**Part 9 available on my blog, click here and scroll down: https://leonardpetracci.wordpress.com/2016/08/03/the-bridge/**

This blog is built to host my finished short stories and I am in the process of bringing reddit shorts there for easier reading.  My longer stories will still be hosted on wattpad, radish, and amazon.

I'll post part 9 to reddit in a day or two.  My blog is brand new so please let me know how I can improve on it!“That’s not fair!”  Shouted Segni, “I’ve spend hours enduring lectures, years putting up with work and now you’re going to let *him* have a shot at it?”

My jaw stiffened as Pliny smiled, and replied.

“Of course, young chief to be.  With all those hours of study, you should have nothing to worry about, should you?  This should be easy for you.”

Pliny cleared his throat, and addressed us both.

“There are three main qualities that Empri instills in its students.  First, is the ability to learn, or reading.  With reading comes the second quality, which is knowledge.  And only through those comes stewardship, which is the only quality that truly matters.  The first two are but tools to attain the third.  As such, there will be three questions for this test, three questions that must be answered correctly, one for each of the qualities.  Do you understand?”

Together, Segni and I nodded, and the chief’s eyes narrowed.

“Question one will be on reading.  I will spell a word, and you will tell me what it is, which should be simple for anyone accomplished in the field.  For you, Segni, what does L-E-S-S-O-N spell?”

Segni thought for a minute, his eyes closed and mouth working to sound out the letters.

“Less!”  He shouted, and a wry smile formed across Pliny’s mouth.

“Close, but not quite.”  He said, “Lesson, Segni, it spells lesson.”

“Close enough to count,”  Said the chief in a low voice, and Pliny continued.

“Now you, Horatius I believe, here is your word:  O-P-P-O-R-T-U-N-I-T-Y.”

From behind in the crowd, I heard Nean shout out, his voice nearly cutting off Pliny’s.

“It spells *stupid gardener*!”

Chuckles sounded from the crowd, the vast majority of which did not have the means to tell if he was correct, and I waited for them to quiet down to whispers.

“Opportunity!”  I said, my voice near a shout, “It spells opportunity!”

“Indeed,”  Said Pliny, and tilted his head as he looked into my eyes, his expression as curious as the chief’s was red, the whispers in the crowd dying to surprised silence,  “Precisely.  Next, a question regarding history and knowledge.  Segni, I shall allow you to go first due to your hard work in schooling.  Before *The Hand of God*, how many people inhabited the ship?”

Segni smiled, and stuck his chest out, speaking the answer, “More!”

“Is that your answer?”  Asked Pliny.

“Yes, my answer is more!”

“Technically, I suppose,”  Replied Pliny, “Though I was looking for something more precise.  Horatius?”

“Twenty five thousand.”  I answered, and the curiosity in Pliny’s eyes increased as his pupils dilated.

“Precisely, again.”  He said, studying me, though I held his gaze and did not move, “How strange, how curious.  Now for the final question, on stewardship, should the Hand of God strike again, how should we be prepared for it?”

“It *won’t* strike again.”  Spat Segni, and his father nodded.

“Food and water stores,”  I answered, “Enough to get us through disaster and to recover.  Spread around the ship in case one area is impacted.”

“Correct,”  Said Pliny, “Three for three, with no marks off.”

“For both candidates,”  Said the chief, and a frown formed on Pliny’s face.

“Well,”  He said, turning to face the chief, “Based upon the integrity of both answers-”

“Three out of three for *both*.”  Repeated the chief, his voice rising,  “*Both*.  My son, and this, this *imposter*.  Integrity, Pliny?  You want integrity?  I’ll show you *integrity.*  One last test, one more to determine the true winner, and to out the obvious cheating that is occurring.  A pen, and paper, now.”

From the crowd, one of the attendants to the chief rushed forward, carrying the materials.  And the chief marked the paper, writing letters big enough for the crowd to see, and displaying it.

“Horatius, it is enough that you have embarassed my family.  It is enough that you have mocked our rituals and tests.  Should you admit that you are cheating now, should you admit guilt, I will spare you any punishment.”

“I’m not cheating!” I answered, the fists at my side tightening.

“Then what does this spell?”  Asked the chief, and brandished the sheet.

The letters danced in front of me, letters that I had never studied by sight, but only heard.  Blood rushed to my cheeks as I stared, praying for a revelation, praying for a miracle.

“Go on,”  Said the chief, “Show us how you are worthy to be Historian.  What does it spell?”

“I-  I don’t know.”  I answered, tears forming near my eyes, “I can’t read it, I can only-”

“By his *own* admission then, he can’t read,”  Said the chief, and turned to where Segni already bounced on the balls of his feet with anticipation, “Now, Segni, what does this spell?”

“Sheep!”  His son cried out, his voice echoing.

“*Ship*.  Precisely.”  Said his father, and walked to the table that held the awards for each of the vocations, picking up a pen and cherry tomato.  He placed the pen in his son’s hand, holding it high.

“Welcome,”  he said, and the crowd cheered, “Welcome, to our new historian.”

And walking to me, he took the cherry tomato, and crushed it above my head such that the pulp fell into my hair, and the juice dripped down my face.

“And *welcome*,”  He hissed, “Welcome, to our new gardener, whose position will start in one year.  Until then, he will be punished for cheating, and will be obligated to fulfill any of the ships hauling and porter needs.  Now go, Horatius, your job has begun.”

His finger extended to the door, and I left, Nean’s voice trailing behind me as dropped of tomato juice dripped to the floor.

“*Thought he could be a historian.  Not even fit for a gardener*.”  And turning back, I saw Skip nodding, the crowd laughing, and my father turned away.


https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/4vli9d/wp_after_almost_1000_years_the_population_of_a/

**Want to support me as an author without spending a dime?  If you've read my book, leave a written review of it on my  page!**


**Part 7 coming soon. To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.**

** while you wait**I've always heard that there are things money can't buy. But in all my experience as a billionaire, I have yet to find one. 

It certainly can buy love. Both my wives loved me for my money. For the cars, the stature, the elegance. It can buy respect- employees will drop their foreheads to the floor for a hundred dollar tip. And it certainly can buy legal immunity- I discovered that after the death of my first wife, shortly after I discovered money can buy discreet hit men. 

But there's another phrase I've always heard, one that has attempted to limit my abilities. One my father said to me over a glass of fine wine in my study, as I told him of a firm that would start growing artificial organs out of his tissue now so that they would be available in ten years when his began to fail. "*You can't play God*, Don."

I assure you, with my wealth, you *can*. 

So I bought an island deep in the Pacific, one accessible by helicopter alone, and transported ten orphans there, all aged seven. And I had them huts built, and tools designed, and jobs designated.  Then I would leave them for ten years to their own capabilities, but first I gathered them for a speech. 

"Welcome," I said, my polished shoes digging into the sand beach and suit flapping as I spread my arms, "Welcome to your new home. A home I gave to you. A home with resources, with food, with all you need to survive. Given to you by me. Remember me, children. Your benefactor. Your reason for survival. Whisper my name at night when you are scared and I will protect you. Call out to me when hungry and I will provide."

"But what should we do to entertain ourselves?" Asked the smallest of the children, "what about television, and books?"

"If you're good, I shall provide them. I provide all things if you're good."

The child nodded slowly, his eyes scrunched together in half comprehension, and the group watched my helicopter rise from the beach. Then I was gone. 

On the island, food and water were programmed to rise out of the ground overnight when my name was spoken. And the forest was programmed to make bear growls, tiger roars, and wolf howls each night until my name was spoken, though there were no natural predators. 

The ten years passed quickly- there was much else on my mind. I bought a sports team, American baseball, and it was steadily climbing the rankings under my guidance and, more importantly, my quiet funding. I married again, and there was the funeral of my second wife to attend to. And of course, there was my own son, ready to start leaving for college in a year's time. 

But when I flew back to the island, I knew what to expect. Ten children, plus or minus a few from births or deaths, all calling out my name. Ten children that had proved an excellent point, and would make excellent servants. 

No crowd gathered on the beach when I arrived. No one stepped forth from their huts with religious fervor. 

All was silent as I trudged through the camp. And with a long, slender finger, I pushed one of the huts doors open, and looked inside. 

A skeleton. One years dead, with no flesh left on its bones, alone on its cot, and with hollow eyes that stared at the ceiling. 

I yelped and stepped back out of the door frame, examining the rest of the huts. 

Nine other skeletons. One for each of the children. 

"Oh God," I whispered. Ten years had gone to waste. "But how?"

I checked the island controls, and found the solution to the problem. Nine years before, the food delivery mechanism had jammed. And ten children had starved. 

I cursed. There was no time for incidents such as this. To prepare another island, to find ten more children, to wait ten more years- it was all too inconvenient. 

So I walked back to my helicopter, a frown creasing my lips, and deep in thought. 

But on the way, I heard a noise, and realized I must have forgotten to disable the controls speakers. On returning, the volume knobs were down, but as I walked to the helicopter I heard it again. A rustling. A mumbling. 

I walked faster, and heard more sounds behind me. But whenever I turned back, the path behind me was empty. 

I jumped into the helicopter, slamming the door shut, and started the engine. But it wouldn't start. There was no response from the machine. 

"Come on," I shouted, kicking at the pedals, "Come on!"

But nothing happened. Nothing except for a small knock at the door. 

And then the door opened, and there were ten children, all staring at me with smiles on their faces. Their clothes were slightly more ragged, their faces slightly more aged, but otherwise no different than how I had left them. 

"How?" I whispered, straining away from them, but the seatbelt held me in place, "You all died.  How are you here?"

The smallest one laughed then spoke, his eyes on me, "Oh Mr. Don, surely you remember. What sort of God doesn't provide resurrection? We were good, and you provided."

****Scroll down for the link to part 10. 

***

“This was a mistake,”  Said Skip from the edge of my plot, “I never should have agreed to this, and now you’re ruining perfectly good seeds.”

It had been several weeks since Skip had agreed to the deal, and though he was true to his word to never set foot within my plot, his comments still came frequently.

“Skip, what did we agree on?”  I asked, rehearsing passages from the guide as I ripped out sprouts that had just broken soil, leaving only the largest behind.

*After seedlings have developed two leaves, remove approximately one out of every two, selecting those that are the smallest and leaving the largest behind, allowing the healthiest germinations to persist.  Doing such frees up root systems, allocates space for air and light, and will provide greater yield.*

“But I won’t stand by for you to throw away perfectly good crops!  I let you change what you wanted to plant, Horatius, after Ann planted the same thing there for twenty years!  Twenty years, and you wanted to change it!  Just do your gardening like you’re supposed to!”

“I am,”  I muttered, and ignored him and the growing crowd of gardeners as I pulled plants up by the roots, tossing them away.  Every step along the way Skip had balked- from changing the soil to manure composition, to using the guide to determine which plants would fare best with increased light, to making my holes in the fashion I had devised years before.

“Yeah,”  Shouted Nean from the growing circle, “Stupid -”

But his voice cut off as I turned to face him, the sweat beading around my eyes, gripping the shovel tight enough that my biceps showed through my shirt.  A few nervous chuckles sounded as I stared at him, though far fewer than there would have been two years before, and sounding thinner.

“What was that, Nean?”  I asked, “I seem to remember when you said it the first time.  I remember everything that you’ve said, Nean.  Everything.  I haven’t forgotten a word, and it would be best for you to stop reminding me.  You may rather I forget.”

Nean swallowed, and broke his gaze away as I straightened my back, now taller than him.

“We’ll see,”  He said, turning away, “We’ll see what happens when the chief hears about this, when your crops fail.”

But the chief never did find out.  He never had the chance.

Two days after the incident, he died in his sleep, a cluster of confused doctors surrounding his bed the next morning, wondering how someone so healthy could perish in the night.  According to them, he seemed even healthier than anyone else on the ship, due to his rapid weight gain and the bump that had been growing larger on his right shoulder each year, now nearly the size of his head.

“A sign of the chief’s ruling power, the arm of his law, and the power of his hand,”  The head doctor had said after discovering it, and the chief had taken to wearing tighter shirts to display its presence.  

After his death, Pliny’s apprentice had taken command, one the chief had assured the ship for years would provide a future brighter than they could imagine.  And Segni had smiled at the ceremony, the crowd cheering, and had declared a feast be administered in his and his father’s honor.

But one week after the chief’s death, Pliny made an announcement during my lesson.

“Horatius,”  He said, “There is something that I wish to show you.  Something that precious few know about on the ship, something that Segni should know if he attended his lessons, and that his father neglected to tell him before death.  Something that I do not trust Segni with, and, should you ever become historian, you must know.”

“What is it?”  I had asked, placing a strawberry on the counter for Clea.  It was her favorite food, and I had grown it just for her, sneaking the largest one out of my field.

“Come, follow me,”  He had answered, and led me from his apartment, “Keep your distance, though.  We have done well in keeping our interactions secret, and now that Segni is chief, more caution may be necessary.”

He led me through the corridors of the ship, to where the rooms grew colder and we approached the center, near where the ice grew on the walls.  Typically, this area was deserted, the rooms too frigid for living and the fields unable to support life, and hallways turning unpredictably to behave like light and heavy rooms.  It was quiet, our footsteps the sole source of noise, and our dim shadows the sole source of movement.

And after nearly a half hour of walking, Pliny opened a small side door into a stairwell, and we descended.

“Long ago, before the Hand of God,”  Pliny said, his voice echoing, “It is said that the ship was one.  But not only was it one, Horatius, but it was different.  According to records, the area we now walk was once habitable.  The lights above you could once change in brightness as you desired, or the air temperature be adjusted.  We know this among many other things, many other ways that we could control the ship, rather than the ship controlling us.”

“Why does it matter, though, Pliny?”

“Think to gardening, Horatius.  Think to how much more you could produce if you could change the lights as you wished, or even the temperature.  But beyond that, think if you could decide which of the corridors were light halls.  Or if you would heat this portion of the ship again, and use these fields.”

“But how?  How would we do that?”

“That, is the question Horatius.  And rather than how, is should we.”

We had come to a door, a door that was nearly encapsulated in ice, and Pliny removed a screwdriver from his pocket.  Aiming for the cracks, he chipped around the edge of the door, until it shifted in the frame and he could open it.

The room we entered was caked in dust, and so cold that my breath formed in front of me, colder than I had ever experienced in my life.  It jutted out beneath the ship, such that windows extended in every direction, allowing for a full view of the empty space surrounding the ship.  A table was in the center, nearly a hundred books piled up on its surface, all bearing the same resemblance as the Guide to Gardening given to me by Pliny.  And behind them, there were shelves of lights- tiny lights that flashed, surrounded by rows of buttons and levers, countless knobs and switches.

Above, on the ceiling, I read words that had long been forgotten, but were etched into the metal.

Command Center:  The beacon in the darkness, the hope of humanity.

“What is this place?”  I whispered, afraid even to break the silence, my eyes wide.

“It’s how the ship used to be controlled,”  Answered Pliny, “It’s where our greatest strength used to be.”

“Then why don’t we use it?” I asked, walking over to the table, “Why don’t we take advantage of it?”

“Do you remember the story of the Great Thirst, Horatius?”  Pliny asked, and I nodded.

“Before the Great Thirst, our numbers were at three thousand.  Now they are but a third.  I told you that the Great Thirst was resolved when the historian Archim discovered how to restart the flow of the water reservoirs, and that much is true.”

Then Pliny leaned forward, and pointed to a row of controls at the far end of the room.

“What I never told you is that Archim is the reason why the Great Thirst occurred.  That he killed two thousand people by pressing one of those buttons, because he thought he could double the reservoir production, and just barely managed to partially correct his error after several days of frantic research before the entire ship died.  As I said, Horatius, we have an inkling of how to control the ship.  But should we?”


Part 10 https://leonardpetracci.wordpress.com/2016/08/05/the-bridge-part-9/Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.**FOR EASY READING, this story is also available on Wattpad, .**

**Life Magic**

**Chapter 1, Jessica** 

***
There exist seven forms of magic.  And there exist six races, each one given mastery of one of the forms, and a basic understanding of the others.

The first four are elemental.  There's those who wield Fire, known as the Embers, in great desert cities where the sand has been melted to form glass structures that tower into the sky and form bowls to collect groundwater deep beneath their feet.  Then there's the Boulderers, men whose very bones are made from stone, and make home in the world's greatest crater, where they live below the bedrock and seek the secrets of the Earth.  The masters of Air are said to live among the clouds, walking between each like garden paths, and known as Angels for the wings that sprout from the shoulderblades.  And there's Water, the Scales, whose gills let them live under lakes as clear as crystal, and its said some still live deep in the ocean as servants among the ancient dragons.

But outside these forms of magic there are two more- that of Light, and that of Darkness.  The masters of Light are known as Brights, bearers of terrible lances constructed from colors alone, and walkers of the day.  Those of darkness are the Shadows, experts at concealment, and who converse among the dead.  

But of all the forms of magic, there is one that belongs to no race.  A form of magic that is experienced by all, but mastered by none- a form that the god's forgot to bestow upon man.

That form is Life.

Precious few have appreciated it's gifts, and even fewer have beheld them.  But Life is the strongest form of magic, because all others are subject to it, because all others bend their knee to mortality. 

And it doesn't come about like other forms of magic.  There's no conscientious control over the height of candleflames, or rising water from a pond, or changing the hue of sunlight.  Rather life is more of an instinct.  A subtlety.  

Which Jessica found out when she was twelve, and returning home from the market with her family's dinner.  They lived in the innermost circle of the city, one reserved for nobles, typically determined by the numbers of those gifted in a family.  Both Jessica's parents and her sister had been gifted, but she had not, resulting in her daily walk to the market while her sister practiced with a private tutor.

She walked with her head down- her father's looks of disappointment had already done enough damage to her self esteem, and she knew there would only be enough compliments for her sister at the dinner table when she arrived home.  

With her eyes on the ground, she never noticed the man until his hands were on her shoulders, and his grey whiskered face peered down at her.

"Well lookee here,"  He said, grinning, two gap teeth showing and countless more missing, "Ain't you pretty.  Pretty enough for me, that is."

"Let me go!"  Jessica screeched, flailing against his grip.  But he held tight, his smile broadening, and brought a hand before her eyes.

"Wouldn't want to burn that face now, would we?"  He whispered, and she tensed as a tongue of flame burst to life across his palm.  *Gifted*, she thought in panic.  But the man did not wear the clothes of nobility, nor did he speak with their accents.  Which meant he could only be an outcast, seeking their city for refuge.

And nothing was more dangerous than a gifted outcast, those that escaped their local authorities after committing crimes, with the equivalent force of several good men locked away in the magic within them.

"No!"  Shouted Jessica, twisting away, but the man gripped tighter, and the flame in his palm grew hotter.

"Hush up, hush up.  Now just come with me."

He started to drag her into an alleyway, and she swung the market basket at his skull, breaking a dozen eggs that dripped into his hair and a jar that cracked against his jaw.  With a cry he let go, and she turned to run, but stumbled over her dress, falling to the ground.  In an instant, his figure loomed over her.

"Bitch,"  He said, raising his palm, the fire exploding from his fingertips and racing towards her, eager to consume her clothes, her body, her bones.

But she could feel it coming, feel the magical force lines that emanated from his life force and created the flame construct, the ones angled menacingly toward her.  And by instinct she bent those lines around her body, down into the ground, and pulled at them.

The fire blossomed over her, bathing her in a red glowing light, but she couldn't feel its heat.  Above her the outcast yelped in surprise, and blisters formed across his hands, burns that should never affect an Ember.  

He ran, smoke trailing from his clothes and his hair singed.  And she stood, her breath caught in her throat, staring at the charred outline of her body on stone where she had fell.

***

**This is chapter 1. Be sure to check out THE NEXT 45 chapters of Life Magic on WATTPAD. It is on that site for your convenience because chapters are easy to find. Or read it with ease on your phone by downloading the awesome  App, and searching for "leoduhvinci" or "Life Magic". New free chapters every week as I write them!**



By LeoWhen the first vampire came to this earth, he bound with the bodies of the man and the bat.  And as that first vampire multiplied, it's powers trickled down into its children, and their children, and their children, though he kept the essence of his power to himself.  Upon his departure into Eternal Rest, he transferred that power to his heir for the next millenium, who transferred it to his heir the millenium after, and so on and so forth until it eventually reached my father.  Then it reached me.

Though, at only a mere few hours, I was about to become the shortest vampire king in all history.  And the powers would flow back to my uncle, the next closest in line to the throne.

Except I had an idea.

The sunlight broke my spirit, ripping what was once whole in half, breaking apart the bonds that held me to man and bat and threatening to send me piecemeal back to my original world, that of *Hell*.  And as I rolled in the snow in agony, I cast my power about me, rooting myself to this physical world by anything I could grasp.

And I bonded with the thing I hated most in that arctic tundra.

Snow.

Cold more intense than I had ever felt washed over me as the snow whipped up in flurries, mounds of it rushing to cover my body.  Thick sheets of it wrapped around my arms and legs, encapsulating them like a shell covers crab meat, while strands cris-crossed over my torso until they formed a thick white sweater.  Inch by inch the snow swarmed over my body until no skin remained uncovered, its reflective surface bouncing away the sun's rays, protecting me from the ultraviolet radiation.  

For an hour I lay there in the snow.  An hour where my spirit recovered, my essence mended itself, and strength returned as I became rooted again in the physical world. I would have stayed there longer, had my stomach not begun to growl, and I knew I needed to feed.  That I craved the energy of mortals.

With slow, grudging movements I stood, defiant as the sun beat down overhead.  And in sheer spite I looked up towards it, and did something I had never done before.

I *roared*.

The sound of my voice filled the plain, the very snow itself trembling as it traversed atop it.  And towards the direction of the dead mortals I had left behind I heard screams, and turned to see a small pack of live humans in the distance.  I squinted, identifying that they were armed with shotguns, and though my stomach rumbled I decided the risk was not worth it.  Several camera flashes came from their direction as I thudded away, the added weight of the snow turning my sleek run into a lumber, and I let them take their pictures.  As a vampire, I would show up as not more than a blur, if anything at all.

After three hours of walking through forest, my nose caught wind of the smell of fire, and my eyes saw a tell tale column of smoke in the distance.  I knew that where there was fire, there would be mortals.

And there were.

The small cabin perched atop a hill, the winter scenery giving it the picturesque feature of utter tranquility.  A quality that I intended to remove.

*Technically*, as a vampire, the rules state that I am not allowed to enter a residence unless invited.  But that assumes that there is a residence to enter.   

So I removed the residence.

With the added weight of snow I charged up the hill, my breath coming in short low grunts, my nostrils flaring as I aimed at the corner of the cabin where wooden support beams held the weight of the structure.  My shoulder, now with the extra padding along with thick hair that had begun to sprout from my skin splintered into the wood, hitting with the force of a semi truck carrying a cargo of lead weights.

The cabin didn't have time to groan.  Instead, it shrieked as wood split in half, nails were ripped clean, and the roof collapsed inwards. 

In the fresh rubble I identified three humans, all stunned.  And I concluded that *technically*, the rubble was no longer a residence.

So I entered.

As a vampire, my key instinct has always been to suck blood.  It's what gives me my energy, my life force.  But now I felt something different, a new instinct that drove my hands as they reached for the first quivering human.

"What- what are you?"  He managed to say as my hands closed around his torso, each of my fingers as thick as his forearm.

"Adam Noble!"  I roared, but the words caught in my throat, as if they had to travel through a blizzard to escape.  And as such, they became garbled, the sound mangled to something only vaguely similar to my name.

"Abominable!"  Screamed another man behind me as I ripped his companion in half, his crimson blood staining my hairy white knuckles on the way to my mouth, "Abominable!"

And while I feasted, the bones cracking between my teeth, the two other men ran from the cabin, down the hill, and to the nearest town. By the time the authorities arrived, I was gone, back to the forest, my energy replenished.  I slept well that night, my snores sounding like miniature avalanches, and awoke early the next morning to steal the local paper from a nearby house.

*Abominable Snowman*, read the headline, followed by a picture so blurry it could be anything, *Rewards offered to anyone with a clear picture of the beast or information*.

I snorted, knowing they would never find a clear picture, turning the page to sports to check in on how one of my cousin's, Lebron James, was performing.  Godly, as usual.  That shit's not natural, and I don't know how the mortals believe that it is.

As I continued to wait out the eighty two days, I found more ways to entertain myself.  The humans were always tasty, but the town was small, and the supply was limited.  Soon I'd move somewhere more populated.  I carved a snowboard from whittling down a tree trunk with my claws, and after a few days of practice I've picked up some decent skills.  I do a sick inverted rotation, and I shred the gnar.  

Though I've been slow to admit it, I've come to realize that I'm no longer a vampire.  The bat part of me is gone, destroyed through the exposure to the sun.  Replaced by a bonding to snow.

*Abominable Snowman*.  I could get used to that name.  The new form came with it's own weaknesses, of course- instead of sunlight, warmth was now the main threat to my existence. But in Barrow, Alaska, warmth was something I hardly had to worry about.  And even stranger, I felt no need to return to my past as a vampire.

Especially because now, my revenge was simple and absolute.

All vampires derive their power from the vampire king.  And though I was no vampire, I was still king. So now the powers the other vampires drew from me were not of bat, but rather of snow.

Each of my brethren would slowly begin a transformation, being driven farther and farther north each day in search of cold and fear of warmth.  They'd change physically, becoming more and more like me.  Already I could sense Gleb coming, zig zagging his way towards the more frigid climate to seal his own fate.  Reluctant, but with no choice.

By the time he would arrive, Gleb would be neither vampire nor abominable snowman.  Rather, he'd be something in between.  

The most important vampire law is that I cannot murder those of *my kind*.  And *technically*, Gleb would only be *half* my kind.

Which meant there was a loophole to exploit.

***

Thanks for reading!  Hope you enjoyed the **origin story of the abominable snowman**!  Let me know what you think!

For more of my writing, check out these links- these are three novels that I'm working on that you can read as I write!

****

****

****


LeoHey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.The weeks passed by slow at Arachne’s estate, but slow was good for an Exterminator.  It mean that no pests had somehow escaped her notice, being somehow shielded from her power to later be discovered by a guest.  It was rare, but not unheard of, for such occurrences- and though the pests died instantly on exposure, was still considered unacceptable to the employers.  Early in her career, it had happened to Dieta once- her client had ordered a refrigerator, which had a roach infestation on the inside.  The combination of the metal box, the packing materials, and her distance from them meant that they had not been discovered until  one fateful night when she was off the premises on leave.  The roaches had been *almost* dead, but were still living, which had nearly cost her the job.

But when the estate was active, it seemed to wake up from a slumber.  There were more galas, and dinners, all with Dieta in attendance.  And all with important guests that Dieta was starting to know on the surface level, billionaires that smiled and waved as she passed, musicians that promised to add her into their next album.  Each seemed so grateful to her, so excited to be in her presence – but Dieta was so used to the eccentricities of the ultra rich that it came as little surprise to her that they would find such fascination in a bug squasher.

“They take to you because you’re the best,”  Said Leede, sipping on a martini and leaning against the back wall of the room.  It was at the end of her third gala, the attendees slowly trickling up to their rooms or back out into the night.  Arachne was at the head table, speaking in earnest to several of the more notorious guests, a smile forming across his face, waving down a servant to bring another round of drinks before his guests had a chance to ask.  Of course, he’d known that they were on the verge of asking, and being around Arachne had the simultaneous effect of extreme warmth and a sensation as if you were being watched.

“You’re like a fine wine,”  Leede continued, “For the rich, they want the best.  You could convince them that toilet paper that they used was imported due to the extreme fiber count of some tree in Africa, and they would discuss it for hours.  But give them anything second rate- second rate to *them*, mind you, likely the pinnacle of anything we would experience- and they’ll immediately turn up their noses.  Hell, it doesn’t even have to *actually* be second rate, you just have to convince them that it is.”

Dieta scrunched her nose as she looked to Leede, watching him down his entire martini in a single gulp, then motion for another.  He had a few years on her, grey just starting to touch the tips of his hair, and had a smirk that reached permanence on his face from years of use.

“Maybe they’re just attracted to my charming personality,”  She countered, and he snorted.  Like her, Leede was in Arachne’s employ, and knew the second he stopped being of use he would be out of it.

“I know, because it’s our my job to give them the best,”  He said, spinning the empty martini glass by the stem and studying it for flaws, “Arachne brought me on because I’m an Amplifier.  Ever heard of us?”

Dieta shook her head, and he continued, the words slightly slurred from the accumulation of drinks.

“Thought not.  We’re rare, exceedingly rare.  Not many can afford my services, let alone my services *and* an exterminator.  Alone, I’m useless- but in combination with other powers, I can make them stronger.  Take Arachne over there, alone he can see the whips of potential realities extending away into the future.  But with me, those whips become tangible, solid.  I’m like reading spectacles for the man.”

“So he keeps you as a crutch then?  Seems a waste he’d have you around all the time,”  Dieta responded, “Could get by a lot cheaper if you were on call.”

“Maybe they’re just attracted to my charming personality,”  He said with a flash of a grin, “But no, if I was here just for Arachne you’d be right.  But I’m here for his chefs, for his security, for anyone else that’s Special and can use a boost.  Like I said, I make others into *the best*.  That’s what I’m the very best at.”

Dieta opened her mouth to respond, but then saw Arachne waving her down to his table, speaking with a man with a thick mustache that weighed down his words as much as his accent.

“Dieta!”  Arachne said with a smile, adding before she could speak, “No ,no, don’t’ apologize, you weren’t keeping us waiting.  Dieta, this is the projected winner for this year’s political election in Rome- to be their new senator.  I thought it would be wise for your two to meet.”Link to part 12 at bottom of the page.
***


“Systems rebooting, ship damage assessed. Reuniting the two halves of the ship and restoring airlock, approximately twenty four hours until complete.”

The voice repeated three times, gasps echoing around the fields with each start, faces tilted upward and searching for the source.  And though I knew the source from my studies, it was no less disconcerting.

***

Three years had passed since Pliny’s death, three years that I spent on the council, watching Segni’s stomach expand while others contracted.  I had fought to remain on that council, biting down my pride and common sense to satiate him, learning to choose which arguments were crucial to the ship’s survival and which were simply principle.  

Part of me grew bitter during those years, part of me that grew just as lost as the ship.  For when Pliny was alive, we shared a common knowledge, a common understanding of how to preserve the ship. An appreciation of the stories, a regard of the wisdom they held.  With Pliny, we were a team of silent guardians, protecting that which we knew to be true and right.

But without Pliny, there was no one to share the burden.  And I alone stood between the ship and destruction.

But *as gardener*, nobody knew.

“I have opened the position of historian,”  Said Segni, two weeks after the death of Pliny, “And I have filled it, with my younger brother, Vacki.  Like myself, he was trained by Pliny in the esteemed school of Empri. And like myself, he is most suitable for the task.”

Scowls circled the council, but no one spoke, all eyeing the two figures on the left and right of Segni, long knives from the kitchen tucked into their belts.  Nean was one of them, staring at each of us in turn and daring us to object, his fingers twitching about the handle of the knife.  Tom the porter was the other, his size alone performing the necessary intimidation, his gaze off in the distance unless prompted by Segni.

“I have created their positions for my personal safety,”  Segni had said when he introduced them, “For without a chief, the ship would have no leader, and would surely fall into chaos.  I do this for the good of the ship.”

So Vacki joined the council, on the days he decided to attend, often choosing instead to study in his room.  Considering he took no books with him, and rubbed his eyes whenever he returned, I suspected that the true purpose of his absence had little to do with learning his letters.  And though my jaw clenched when he shirked his duties, I was thankful that Vacki did not attend nor have the ambition to push an agenda, else the situation on the council would have been even worse.

But from what I had failed to accumulate in those two years in terms of political power, I had gained in knowledge and control of the gardens.

“Skip,”  I had said shortly after Pliny’s death, “You lost the bet I set and I have proved that my methods are successful.  By next week I want four apprentices, four new gardeners to teach how to attain higher yields.”

“Ridiculous!”  Spat Skip, “I won’t have you tampering with the rest of the gardens, Horatius.  I simply will not have it.  I can bear that you do not follow directions, but it would be disaster if others did too.”

“Four, Skip!” I said, raising four fingers, “Four out of your class.  I’ll take them off your hands, and they will not be your responsibility.  I'll take them by force if I have to.”

“Absolutely not.”  He responded, “That’s final, Horatius.”

“How about we make a bet, then, and if mine produce more-”

“No more of your bets!”  Said Skip, and muttered to himself, “Nonsense, chaos and nonsense, I won’t have it.”

“Then a quarter of my rations.”  I answered, “A quarter until I have finished teaching them.  You look hungry, Skip- what’s wrong, I thought this was the Year of Feasts?”

Skip grimaced, and turned towards me, pausing.

“Fine.”  He answered, “Fine.  But they shall not be my responsibility in the future, Horatius, if you mislead them.”

“Of course,”  I answered, “Of course, Skip. I will ensure that their actions are in no way attributed to your reputation.”

Skip was lucky that day, that he accepted a quarter of my rations.  He would need them.

When the new gardeners arrived, he selected the four smallest, those that could barely lift a shovel, and he pushed them in my direction.

“I sincerely apologize,”  He said to them, as their faces fell, “For assigning you to Horatius.  He was last of his year when he went through my program and still cannot plant properly.  However, I cannot handle all of you myself, and must call upon his aid.”

“But, but-”  One said, as relief flooded across the students that remained in the larger group, and Skip interrupted, “I’m sorry, but it cannot be helped.  It’s for the good of the ship.  What’s done is done.”

Then Skip assigned us to a plot of fields that had traditionally had lower yields, an area I had noted had dimmer lights above it that the rest of the gardens.  And he returned to the rest of his class, leaving four dismayed ten year olds behind.

“As Skip mentioned,”  I said, my voice loud enough to carry across the garden to his group and cause his face to turn red, “What is done is done.  It is most unfortunate that some of you were selected to be part of the lesser group.  But that group is not ours.  Listen to me now, and listen closely.  The four of you are the smallest, but your plants will grow taller than anyone else's.  And they will bear more food than the rest of the class combined.”

The four students grimaced, and one spoke, his voice low and his foot kicking the dirt.

“It’s ok, Mr. Horatius,”  He said, “You don’t have to pretend.  You don’t have to make up stories about what will happen.”

"What's your name?"  I asked.

"Matthew,"  He muttered.

“You’re right, Matthew.”  I said, leaning over, and looking him in the eye, “I don’t make up stories, I tell them.  It's time to make a story worth telling.”

So we began, and I taught them how to dig quick holes, and gave them the tricks I had learned from the Guide to Gardening.  

But that wasn’t all I did.

At night, I walked to the room Pliny had showed me, and I studied the books laid out on the table.  Most of them were manuals, thick volumes filled with instructions and procedures about processes and objects that I could not understand, about things called engines and oxygen regulators and generators. But the rest were journals, journals that were marked off by year, fifteen in all, all signed at the bottom with the same name.

*Archim.*

Each were titled by their subject, with names ranging from “Temperature Modification” to “Gravity Enhancement”, the last of which only half filled out and named “Water Controls”.

Each of the books had Archim’s handwriting in them,showing his every step in touching the ship’s controls and the resulting observations.  And after a week of reading, I found what I was looking for, in a journal titled “Lumenosity from his seventh year of experimentation.

***Link to 15 below

**Part 14**

Shrieks erupted around the garden as the floor lurched, knocking gardeners off their feet and into the mud as the cables holding the ship snapped taut.  Above, the lights flickered and dimmed as the ship lurched again, the visuals accompanied by the sound of screeching metal in the distance.

“First the chief died.”  Shouted Skip, raising to his knees, his face white, “Then the crops died.  Now this, now we die!  The Hand of God is upon us again and no doubt in punishment!”

Glancing around, the gardeners stared at me from every direction, many of their expressions accusing.  But in greater numbers were the children I had taught and the group of gardeners that had recently adopted my methods, a different expression on their faces.  A mix of confusion and of expectation.  Faces searching for hope.

“Listen up,”  I shouted to them, planting the blade of my shovel deep into the soil for a post to hold onto as the ship shifted again, “There is no reason yet to be frightened!  There is no reason to panic!  We are the gardeners, the backbone of the ship.  We are the lifeblood.  Stay put, and continue working on the crops- show the rest of the ship your example and your grit.”

“But what if-” Shouted Skip, and I turned towards him, my nostrils flaring and voice commanding.

“There is no time for what ifs.  Skip, it is now your time to lead.  Now more than ever we must enforce your mantra and do as we have always done.  We must garden, we must provide for the ship.  And I promise you that while you protect the crops, I will speak with the chief himself, and determine what action needs to be taken for your safety and the safety of your families.  Do you understand?”

Wide eyed from across the field, Skip nodded as there was another tremor and the color flooded again from his face.  Then he was standing, barking out orders to his gardeners, his voice slightly higher pitched than normal.  Not because I had given him the order, but because it is easier to face a disaster while staring at work than staring at it head on.

Once my gardeners were organized, I walked calmly from the gardens, then broke into a sprint as soon as I was out of eyesight, zig zagging through the hallways to the council room.  Even with Segni in charge, there would be an emergency meeting – and though he might not be present, which was likely to be the preferable option, the rest of the council members would still convene.

As I neared the council room, my path brought me parallel to the windows of the ship, where I could watch as the second half of the ship pivoted in the distance.  It was slow, so slow I had to stop my running and compare it against the background of stars to be able to tell, watching as it eclipsed a peculiar grouping of seven stars shaped like a ring.  And within the windows of the other side, there was a flurry of movement, dark shapes that hustled through corridors, followed by bursts of the strange blue light that had occasionally flashed through the windows in the past.

“You!”  Shouted Segni, pointing at me as I burst through the doors of the council room, breathing heavily,  “Just who we were waiting for. Now we can begin!”

“Segni, as I was saying, our situation is dire,”  Said the head doctor, Hannah shaking by his side, “The lurch has caused dozens of injuries in the kitchens, from burns to cuts, and already we are stretched thin on herbs to treat infections- and that is just for the kitchens!  The number of reports of lacerations alone I expect in the next few hours is surely to be astronomical.”

“Then grow more herbs, Horatius,”  Said Segni, with a shrug, “So that we don’t face a shortage.”

“The bare minimum time I need to grow medicinal herbs, depending upon the varieties you require, is three weeks.”  I answered, and my muscles in my shoulders tightened as I thought how the overhead lights had started to dim when the ship moved, “Make that four weeks.”

“Fine.  In four weeks, you’ll have your herbs then.”  Said Segni.

“But the infections will have set by then!  We need them now, Segni!” Exclaimed the head doctor, as Hannah put her face in her hands.

“Then maybe,” snarled Segni, “You shouldn’t have used so much in the past!”

“And refuse treatment to those who needed it?”

“You could have stretched it.”  Said Segni, “Instead of using them for everyone who came crawling for aid. Obviously they need it more now.”

“There’s more,”  Said Elliot, his voice quiet from the other end of the table. The council turned to face him, a vein on his neck throbbing as he spoke and his eyes hard, “More news, after I took stock of the injuries in my kitchens.”

“Go on, then.” Said Segni, waving a hand.

“As you know, we rely upon porters for the transportation of food to the kitchens.  During the lurch,”  Elliot swallowed, then continued, “During the lurch, the majority of the porters were in the heavy room.”

My breath caught in my chest as Segni waited, his expression blank.  After all the hours I had spent in the heavy room, I knew the caution required when handling the equipment, how anyone who endangered others by using it inappropriately was swiftly punished.

“And?”  Segni said, his voice impatient.

“And I’ve already called for the doctors.”  Said Elliot, shaking his head and staring at the table, “It’s… It’s a mess.”

“We’ll send the porters back to clean up the weights then.”  Responded Segni, “The doctors wouldn’t be much help in lifting them.”

“No!”  Shouted Eliott, and I saw tears threatening spill onto his cheeks, “No!  It’s a mess because at least half the the porters are dead, Segni!  It’s a mess because the entire room is painted crimson and those who are not dead are severely injured, with little to no herbs to help them!  A wall of weights fell when the ship lurched – I’d like to think it killed them mercifully had I not heard the screams when I approached, but I did.  Oh I did.  And now they’re gone, half our labor force, but also our shipmates, our friends!”

“We can replace them with gardeners,”  Countered Segni, “They’re just porters, so their job can easily be learned. As well as the chefs who can help- hey, where do you think you are you going?  What are you doing?”

“I’m going somewhere I can be of use!”  Shouted Elliot as he reached the door, “Because that place obviously is not here!”  He slammed the door, the sound echoing throughout the chamber as Hannah stood and followed him, not saying a word as she departed.

“Half the porters dead,” I muttered, “The kitchens injured.  The doctors short on medicine.  The food stores low and half the gardens dead.”

“I know.”  Hissed Segni, “Don’t you think I know that?”

“But what about what happens next, Segni?  Look, out the windows.  The ship is coming together where the Hand of God smashed it apart.   The voice said the two halves of the ship are reuniting in a day, which means that everyone on that side will be able to come to this side.  Watch, through the window, see their half moving?”

“By the Hand of God,”  Whispered the head doctor, “He’s right. We need to call Elliott and Hannah back!  As well as the historian!  We’ll need full council to determine how to meet them.  It will be the first time in centuries.”

Segni squinted as he stared out of the window, then he leaned over the table, his nostrils flared and jaw clenched as he looked towards me, one of his hands resting inside the box that normally kept his strawberries.

“Like he said, someone will have to meet with them.  But this,”  He said, waving his other hand in the air, “All of this, how will this affect the birthday feast?”

***



Want to be a beta reader?  Details on my blog.Hey, sorry but I had to TEMPORARILY remove the rest of this story so that I could add it to my amazon collection.  You can find it under Allen, the Rogue AI.Link to part 11 at bottom.

***

I was eighteen when Pliny died, in the Year of Feasts. 

Just two years prior I had been added to the chief's council, Pliny taking me to one of their meetings and addressing Segni.
"Your honor," Pliny said, bowing low, "I come to you today with a petition that will succeed only in strengthening the continued success of the ship."

"Yes?" Segni said, lounging in his chair and chewing on a strawberry. He had decreed the last year that the chief be provided with triple rations, such that he not be distracted by hunger or lack of energy when making decisions. And since that decision, his face had grown slightly more round, and his shirts slightly tighter.

"Within your council, you have representation from the doctors, from the historians, from the cooks," said Pliny, "But what you do not have is representation from the farmers, from those who provide your food. It would be wise, chief, to include them in order to predict crop yields and set the desired crops for the year."

"I do agree," Said Segni, "Such as strawberries, which have been smaller this month than usual."

"Exactly, your honor. Exactly. So it is with you acceptance that I propose to appoint a gardening relations, to make your wishes more clear in the fields."

"Oh?" Said Segni, and cast his eyes on me, "Sure, go on then. I'm sure Horatius will fetch him from the gardeners."

"Your honor," Interrupted Pliny before I could speak, "Actually, I have elected Horatius to fill this role."

Segni's eyes widened and he coughed, a cough that spread into laughter as bits of fruit flew from his mouth.

"*Him*?" He said, struggling to catch his breath, "*Him*? Oh Pliny, what a joke, he can hardly keep his place in the fields, let alone the council. I nominate Skip."
Beside Pliny I gritted my teeth, keeping my gaze straight. Word had started circulating the ship after I won my bet with Skip about my methods of farming. Few seemed to mention the success I'd seen, focusing rather on how I'd thrown out seeds, or changed from the methods of the past, and had simply been lucky.

"Oh, but that is precisely why we need him, chief." Said Pliny with a smile, "You see, I would hesitate before pulling Skip from the fields to attend meetings, in case the crops falter in his absence. And Skip is smarter than most the gardeners- no, we need someone that the average gardener can relate to, someone who they see as an equal or else they will not listen to him. Plus with Horatius your yields will not be disrupted, and he will have less time to cause issues in the fields if he is in meetings. Furthermore, he is able to represent the porters aft er the time he spent in their ranks. Chief, I advise Horatius not because he is the best, but rather because his skills are replaceable, and he will not be missed in his absence."

"Hmm." Said Segni, narrowing his eyes at me, "I suppose that is true. But will you keep your word and tell my wishes to the other gardeners? What if they do not listen to you, what then?"

"Your honor," I said, bowing lower than Pliny, "All my life I have faced adversary and dissent. I will relay you word even if it means damage to my reputation, which is already marred, or loss of the few friends that I have. I am but your servant, and have no other ties."

Segni eyes gleamed as I bowed a second time, and he nodded.

"Then I consent," He said, his arms stretching wide, "Servant."

***

Council meetings occurred once per week, consisting of Segni relating his wishes to his leadership team.

"Today is the anniversary of my father's death and my coronation," Segni said, smiling, a year after I had been on the council, "And as such, I call for a celebration."
"A feast, you honor?" Asked Elliot, who was on the council after quickly rising through the ranks as chef.

"Not *a* feast, Elliot. Feasts! A year of them, to signify the bountiful years to come."

Pliny cleared his throat and I spoke, keeping my voice level.

"We cannot accommodate that much food from our gardens, Segni. With the limited water supply, we cannot afford such waste."

"Dare call it waste again and you will be a porter again!" Segni shouted, pointing a finger at me," I have decreed it, and thus shall it be. I will have extra workers delivered to the fields."

"From where?" Asked Elliott, shaking his head.

"From where they are idle in other departments," Said Segis, "But in the far future, we will need more workers. Which is why I am commanding that each family strive to become larger as well, so that we can grow as a society."

"But the water," I said, "Even with more workers, we will not have the water to grow."

"We haven't tried it yet, so we don't know,"countered Segni, ""But until then we will dedicate one hundred percent of the fields to growing food. Elliott, the feasts will start next week."
"But what about the herbs!" Cried a doctor representative, "We cannot apply medicine without our herbs!"

"Last I checked, you had a year's supply." Said Segni, "And I said we were having a year of feasts. They'll last."

"But that's for emergencies," Protested the doctor, "Emergencies only!"

"And this is one. Is the honoring of your chief not a top priority? Is not the remembrance of his father an emergency in itself?

"But-" Said the doctor, but Segni raised his eyebrows. "Do you wish to be a porter, doctor? Do you really wish to speak against me?"

So the meeting concluded, and the feasts began the next week.

The first was successful, as was the second, and even the third. But by the fourth, chefs were cutting rations from the other meals to ensure there was enough to cover for the feast. Water was lower than it had ever been, the reservoirs often dry, rows of plants that required greater amounts dying off.

And with the frenzied production and cooking, there were more burns, cuts, and other injuries, causing the doctors to fly through their supplies faster than typical. Stored herbs were not as potent as fresh ones either, so they found themselves using more to treat smaller injuries.
It was halfway through the Year of Feasts when Pliny cut himself falling down a flight of stairs, the bloody laceration stretching from his shoulder to forearm. Typically, on a younger man, the cut would have healed quickly. And even at Pliny's age, with the help of doctors, it was nothing to be concerned about.

If there was medicine to treat it.

"Horatius," Gasped Pliny, coughing on his bed, green pus oozing from an arm that had steadily lost function, "Horatius, I want you to know, I regret those years ago not declaring you historian. I regret not standing up to the chief."

"You still taught me," I said, wiping the sweat off his forehead with a rag, "You did everything you could, Pliny. I can never thank you enough for that."

"No, I didn't." He said, "You can see the state of the ship. It is not enough to know the stories as historian, Horatius. You must *use* them too. And I should have prevented this, I should have seen it coming more clearly."

"You did," I answered, my eyes watering as his turned glassy, "And you took measures against it."

"There are other measures," Said Pliny, "Actions that I was too much of a coward to do. And other things, darker things that I could have done. I put you on the council to bring you closer to Segni, to intervene when you can, so promise me something, Horatius. Promise me that if the time comes, you'll take action. Promise me that the stories remember me one day as the man who prevented the disaster of the ship, not the one who caused it. Promise me that."

"I promise, Pliny," I said, as Clea started sobbing again at the edge of the bed from where she held his hand.

"Stories are just stories," Pliny mumbled, the spirit fleeing his body, "Stories cannot feed people. Stories cannot give water. But one who knows the stories can, and he must."

I cried that day, tears falling down my cheeks as the doctors collected Pliny's body. More of them than when my own father passed away in his sleep the year before.

And staring outside the window of my room, long after sleeping hours had began, I saw a familiar face on the other side of the ship. One who had grown older with me, who now had her hand against the glass, and watched as I broke out in sobs once more.

When dawn was still several hours away, and sleep still impossible, I made my way to the room that Pliny had showed me. And as I opened the books, and began to study, I remembered his final words. 

*Promise me that if the time comes, you'll take action.*

***

Part 11: https://leonardpetracci.wordpress.com/2016/08/09/the-bridge-part-11/**BEFORE YOU READ- Please help me as an author and  if you read it.  It takes two clicks!  A lot of web authors ask for donations- I don’t and this is how you can best show your support.** 

Link to part 13 at bottom

**Part 12**

*Controls to the lighting arrangements of the gardens*, read the notebook on luminosity at the top of page one hundred and forty four, in flowing handwriting, *I have determined that the array of knobs marked 1152-1280 control the brightness of garden lights, as well as the light composition.  After several weeks of study, I have determined that altering the state of the lights has no noticeable affect on the remainder of the ship.  Additionally, I have inferred that different combinations of light settings affect plant growth, and seek in the future to determine the optimal settings by enlisting the help of a gardener, as I have little knowledge on the subject.  At present, however, all that can be determined is the settings that must be avoided else the plants should deteriorate, as listed below.*

I smiled, reading the combination, knowing from the Guide to Gardening that certain types of light were better than others, and remembering a passage that stated that too high percentages ultraviolet could be detrimental to growth.  I never knew what “ultraviolet” was, so I tended to skip over that section in the past.  But there, drawn in Archim’s notes, there was a knob labeled “ultraviolet”, with a warning not to set it to high.

It took three days of checking before I was confident enough to approach the array of controls that related to the gardens.  Three days of pouring through the Luminosity notebook, searching for areas where Archim’s experiments may have gone awry.  Looking for inconsistencies among his wording, or anything that might dissuade me, or support the voice in my head that screamed at me to stop as I looked at the array.

Even when I did approach, my palms started to sweat, and I cast a nervous eye towards the last notebook on the desk, the one labelled “Water Control”. I found a section far away from the center of the garden, and my fingertips brushed against the knobs, feeling the cold in the metal sear my skin.  Hearing the knobs call out to me, demanding to be altered, to be changed for the first time in generations.

I shook, remembering Pliny’s story of the Great Thirst.  And I wondered what might occur if turning the knob resulted in the ship losing light, light that was crucial for the plants to grow.

What if I would be known by historians as the man to cause the Great Hunger?  But according to Archim’s journal, nothing of that sort would happen.

Closing my eyes, I turned the first knob, holding my breath as I waited, listening closely to silence.  I moved it barely a quarter of a rotation, it gliding with too little resistance, too eager to move.

But nothing happened when I finished- no screams echoed down the hall from the interior of the ship, no drastic change in light levels occurred.  Then I ran, sprinting through the twisting hallways to the gardens, and inspecting the lights above, where one had taken on a slight purple tinge, my heart racing as I waited for two hours to ensure no other changes had occurred.

So I returned to the control room.  To start my plan.

Identifying which knobs were above Skip’s student gardeners, I turned those knobs to high during each night before returning to medium each morning.  Then with my own sections, I raised each of the knobs slightly, returning back each time until I was satisfied with how they appeared overhead.

I never said a word as I watched Skip screaming at his students, demanding to know what they were doing wrong, even accusing them of being worse students than me.  But as the weeks passed, Skip’s plants shriveled, often dying before they could yield crops, all while my student’s vegetation took root and grew faster than even the most experienced of gardeners, something unheard of in a beginner’s class.

Soon the slumped shoulders that had arrived with my students were replaced by straight, proud backs.  Their hands worked quickly, their minds absorbing the information I gave them, until all that was left for them to succeed was practicing.  

And when that happened, I started teaching them something other than gardening. I told them stories, emulating the education I had received from an unknowing Pliny many years before.

“Matthew,”  I said, addressing the student that had spoken to me on the first day, “Why must we always grow more food than we eat?”

“We must store it!”  He piped up, as he watered his row of plants, “In case we have a bad year of crops.  To be prepared.”

“Correct,” I said, and turned to address another student.

“Mary, what happens if we do not have stores?”

“We cannot feed the ship,”  The tiny girl answered, wiping sweat from her brow, “And if we cannot feed the ship, it will be disaster.”

“John, what happened one of the last times we ran out of a resource?”

“The great thirst!”  Said my third student, his arms spread wide, “And a lot of people died.  Two thirds.”

“Yes, well done, well done.  You all are learning so quickly- the best gardeners, and the most educated.  You should be proud.  Ruth,”  I said, and addressed the last student, the quietest of the bunch but who absorbed information faster than the rest, “What is S-H-I-P?”

“Ship,”  She said, her voice barely above a whisper, and I smiled.

“Yes.”  I responded, looking over my garden, a garden of mind and earth, while Skip shouted behind me.  Over the course of the weeks, I noticed his students had steadily migrated their gardening activities towards my side of the fields, their heads cocked when I told my class stories, their eyes squinting when I demonstrated techniques.

Until one morning, when my group gathered for class, a fifth face joined us.

“Mark,”  Said the voice, as a tiny had extended outwards.

“Good to meet you, Mark,”  I said, shaking it, “How can I help you?”

“I want to be in your class,”  He answered, “I want you to teach me.”

“Of course,”  I said, while Skip turned his eyes away from where he scowled on the far side of the garden.  And a fifth student learned to garden.

Then the next week, a sixth.  Then a seventh after the following.  And by the end of the class, the entirity of Skip’s program were clustered around me before returning to their fields, ignoring Skip’s shouts as they found results in their new methods.  I helped them, of course, fixing the light levels on every student that came to me for advice, such that their plants grew tall.

The next year, Skip gave no objection as I taught his entire class, instead choosing to recede to a corner of the garden and focus on his crops, banding together with the more experienced gardeners who held their noses high as they practiced the old methods. As we had agreed, Skip was enjoying a quarter of my rations, enough of a bribe to force him to turn a blind eye after his class deserted him.  What Skip did not know was I had struck a deal with the doctors and chefs of the council after a particularly frustrating argument with Segni, agreeing to supply them with their most dire herbs in secret from the garden despite Segni’s wishes, and that I would receive a quarter rations from the kitchen in return for my efforts.

I caught the occasional glimpse of experienced gardeners watching as my student’s plants grew faster and stronger than their own.  I never spoke a word to them about the superiority of my methods, instead waiting until forty of my students were fully trained, forty students that I was confident could outgrow the rest of the workers.  

I knew forty to be the perfect number for my plans, that after convincing Segni to save a humble store of crops they would produce just enough food to keep the ship alive without starvation.  That forty could just barely put us through a fasting period.

And as soon as I was convinced that the ship could survive, I returned to the control room, reviewing the prior two years in my mind.  In the past, the only way I had convinced students to join my class was through their personal failure, when they came to me for help. As a historian, I knew the future would be no different.
So I set the lights to ultraviolet for every gardener that did not follow my system.


***

Part 13: https://leonardpetracci.com/2016/08/12/the-bridge-part-13/**A few of you have asked about donating money to me.  Please, instead of that, introduce a friend to my work.  Buy them a copy or show them the free version!  Or leave a review.  I appreciate the gesture, but I'm in this for other reasons than money, and would far prefer to expand readership.**

###Star Child Book 1 Details

Hi Everyone!  I've received a lot of common questions, so I'm going to address them in this announcement!

**1.  What the heck?  Star Child 1 isn't finished here yet.**

Three more chapters coming tomorrow!  Continuing this pattern over the next week or so, which means around 2-3 more posts.

**2.  Will Star Child come out as a paperback or audiobook?**

Yes, soon!  I want these both to launch at the same time.  I think it will be a week and I'll announce it here.

**3.  What about Google Play/Kobo?**

Still researching these options at the moment.

**4.  Can I get an EPub/PDF?**

Sorry, I can't give these out at this time.  Potentially in the future.

**5.  I can't find Star Child in my country!  What gives?**

Go to amazon and type this in the search box.  Make sure it is your country's Amazon!  B076PGG2XK.  If you are not from the USA, that means instead of ending in ".com" it should end in something like ".co.uk", ".au", ".de", etc.


###Star Child 2:  Negative Film

First of all, thank you so much for the support on Star Child one!  The launch has been fantastic :)

I've started work on Negative Film, and here are the details I can give away!  Assuming I don't enter any outside contracts, I've planned to post Negative Film here similar to Star Child.  **However**, I need some time to build a chapter bank and work out all those pesky plot details, so it may be around a month before I get started.  Maybe a little longer.

!  I can't tell you how many people have been lost along the way, and that list is the best way to hear about new developments.

Some initial details I can give away about the book:

1.  It's going to be in a pretty different setting

2.  A new character is joining the core group!  See if you can guess who it is below, they've already been introduced!

In the mean time while you wait, read my other series !  It's free, and I'd love to have you join the adventure.  


###The Bridge, Book 2 (The Island or The Well, name pending)

This will be completed alongside Star Child.  It's easier for me to work on two projects rather than one, so this really helps (keeps the writers block and monotony at bay!).

Some details I can give away about the book:

1.  Similar to how the first book was divided in two, this will focus half and half upon new and old Earth

2.  Cassandra will be a main character  

3.  What the heck was up with that ending?  Yes, it's going to all make sense and be answered.  Why did I do it?  Because you have to walk into book 2 knowing not everything is as it seems.  There is more to the story of Dandelion 14.


###Life Magic

Many of you have been asking me about Life Magic.  This will be my greatest and longest work in my current portfolio, and I want to be able to focus on it.  This means that I need to get The Bridge and Star Child close to completion before continuing.

***

Thanks again!  In addition, be sure to tell a friend about Star Child!  I don't care if they buy it or not, I'm just always happy to have a new reader :)

If you have any questions be sure to ask them below.  If you know of any bloggers or influecers who might want a free copy of Star Child, drop me a message.

Let me know if you have any questions or concerns below!  My inboxes have been on fire the last week, so I apologize if I missed answering you at any point.

Wishing you the best,

LeoAs heir to the throne, my father tutored me heavily in vampire law.  Like most other legal documents in existence, the rules book consisted of thousands upon thousands of pages, addendums stacked on top of appendixes over procedural documentation.  Most of these laws are not legislative- rather, most are laws of *nature*, pertaining to what exactly we, as vampires, are.  And not just us vampires, but the majority of all mystical creatures hiding just beyond the sight of mortal men.

After reading the damn rule book thrice, I think it could have been stated in a single short chapter if the lawyers, who are particularly known for their blood sucking, had never become involved in the writing.

It goes like this.

We, vampires, are otherworldly.  Simply put, we don't *belong* in the world of humans.  But millennia ago, whether through happenstance or on purpose, a few of us accidentally crossed over the barrier to the human world and liked it enough to stay.  Considering the *other* world is what humans refer to as *Hell*, I'm not surprised with that decision.

It's why we are not mortal-sure, we can still die, but not in the same sense as humans.  And it's why we share characteristics with the animal known as the bat.  For upon entry to this world, we had to choose a physical form, though no body that already existed could truly accommodate us.  We chose humans first because they were the greatest of the animals, then chose a secondary form to contain the bits and pieces of us that spilled out of their mortal body container.

Some choose the wolf as the secondary form, known as werewolves.  Others, chose horses, and are the centaurs.  Then there are the minotaurs, who drink more and think less than any other combination, the sphynx, who was so pretentious the rest of us turned her to stone to shut her up, and a slew of other combinations that frankly I'd rather pretend are *not* my distant cousins and were rather adopted from that island of misfit toys known as Purgatory. For us to hold these physical forms, which are not natural to our spirit, constant maintenance is required.  For many it is the drinking of human blood, which restores their human element, and keeps it intact- but each species has their own form of kinky self preservation, such as telling riddles or stealing the love of men.  

Anyways, with each form comes the strengths and weaknesses.  It's all symbolistic jargon, made legitimate through the bonding of man and animal.  Werewolves are weak to silver, which in my honest opinion should be iron, due to the wolf falling prey to manmade weapons.  A centaur's weakness is women, for the women who tamed the first horse and rode it bareback, though in a twist of logic I find hard to follow the centaur now prefers to ride the women bareback.  And vampires are weak to sunlight, just as the bat hides during the day.

Which was important, because as the tip of a crowbar was jammed under the lid of the box that held me, I knew two things.

One, that the sunlight would surely kill me if I was exposed too long, tearing my essence apart until I dissolved back into the *other* world, my inner self shredded like the aftermath of running tin foil through a blender.

And two, that in order to hold my form in the sunlight, I was going to need a *Hell* of a lot of blood.  A literal blood bath, with jacuzzi jets and a bloody Mary minus the tomato juice.

As the lid of the box was pried away, and sunlight cracked through and caused my skin to start boiling, I knew just where to start.


***

**Part 3 coming in the next two hours!  Be sure to check out my best work, Life Magic, while you wait!  https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/**

Part 3: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/4frxzy/wp_youre_the_only_vampire_in_barrow_alaska/Part 3 Reincarnation

Every parent wants their child to be original.

I don’t mean original like a piano player, or a baseball star, or a poet.  I mean *original*.  A brand new soul, one untarnished by past lives.  Fresh.

But it doesn’t always happen.  In fact, as birth rates and death rates have leveled off, original children have become quite rare.   It had been known for centuries that originals were much more likely to be born to couples of passion, whose love ran hot with desire, and a stale baby born into a family could sew doubt in even the most content of couples.  It’s not unheard of babies who remember their past lives to fake originality, trying to please their new parents, hiding their past lives behind faux innocence and ignorance. 

Even in countries where the death rate far outstripped the birth rate, however, originals have been known to randomly pop into the population.  And this posed a problem for Carcer.

Should an *original* child slip into the prison, only to be raised and murdered in a horrific accident, the public outcry would be deafening.  The prison would be shut down, its officials relocated to the inmate side of prisons to pay their own sentences.  So babies on Carsus were not made the natural way that babies had been made for millennia.  But rather, they were made by machines, in test tubes and incubators controlled by the cold hand of science.  With no passion, and no chance for originality.  

So when I opened my eyes for the first time to the harsh lab lighting, and breathed my first breath of latex and disinfectant, I knew that I had arrived on Carsus.  Not intellectually, no- I had yet to build the mental capabilities to form thought, let alone words - but instinctively I had a feeling.  A satisfaction comparable at that time to only the basest of human desires, like sipping from a bottle of warm milk.  The machines above me knew that I had arrived too- had I been able to read, I would have seen my name displayed across the incubator monitor as the machine read my first breath, the one most potent with soul, followed only by the last breath.

And despite the bravado in the courtroom, and the confidence over the phone with Marco, baby me knew the feeling that I had tightly wrapped confidence around to cover up.  And baby me screamed.

***

For most people, memory recovery is slow.  It starts off young through feelings and instincts, and gradually blossoms into full memories.  Some people are better than it than others, and can recall the entirety of their past life by age five.  They still have to relearn speech, and writing, and math by developing the necessary neural pathways for these skills but there’s an underlying  intuition underneath that will spur them along, molding their body to fit their soul.

But the secret that I had carefully kept throughout my sixty five lives, the secret that propelled me to the height of criminal organizations throughout the centuries, was my ability to recall.  By two months, I could remember my entire past life.  By four months, I could remember the three before lives that.  And by four years my memory stretched back to my very first life, to a set of memories that would have been washed away by the waves of reincarnation in the average man by ten cycles.

And because of this skill, I could manipulate reincarnation like no one else I had ever met.

If I was dealt a bad hand and born into a family too impoverished, or found my body type deformed, or my mind’s processor too slow, I could always restart within nine months.  That plump new baby would find a way to turn the stove on so that natural gas filled the house, or roll down the flight of stairs that should have been gated, or sneak into the household bleach.  And that new baby would be no more, a vessel discarded in light of a newer model.  Like trading in a Honda for a Corvette.

But now, as I stared upwards in the incubator, my neck muscles not yet strong enough to turn my head and my eyes not developed enough to discern the shapes above, I knew I had one chance.  There would be no discarding the hand - there was no time, and the entire Carsus facility was certified for class three death clearance.  

There was no choice but to play fair.  I’d have to make it out of this one alive.

Part 4: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3ve2y0/wp_reincarnation_has_been_proven_but_you_are/Start reading The Bridge here: https://www.wattpad.com/395072522-the-bridge-a-science-fiction-survival-story

Here is your chapter!  https://leonardpetracci.com/2017/04/20/the-bridge-chapter-48/

Expect Star Child later tomorrow.Link to part 14 at bottom.

**Part 13**



“It happened before, a hundred years ago.”  I said to Segni at the council, the other members white in the face as I spoke, “We survived then when half our props died, and we will survive now.  With our stores, we should have enough that no one will go hungry.”

“*Survive*?”  Said Segni, his voice rising, “Survive?  How could you let this happen?  How in the Hand of God could over half the crops die overnight, for no explicable reason?  There was a feast to be next week, to celebrate *my birthday*.“

He slammed a fist down on the table, the carton where he typically held his fresh strawberries bouncing upwards then toppling over to show only nubs of green within.
 

“Simply put, we don’t know,”  I said, with a bow, keeping my face somber, “We are simply fortunate enough that you had the foresight to prepare for such an event, your honor.  And with the humblest of intentions, I remind your honor that I am but a messenger, with no control over the state of the gardens.  As Pliny stated when introducing me to the council, I am average at best at gardening, and thus not suited for leadership.”
 

“Messenger be damned!”  Shouted Segni, raising a fist, “I’ve heard about your methods in the garden from Skip.  I know what you’ve been up to, meddling with the way of things, stealing his students!  And now half the garden dies!  Nean, seize him, and let us make him an example of what happens when you act against the will of the chief!”
 

“Your honor,”  I said, speaking quickly as Nean advanced, Tom’s face creasing in a slow frown behind him, “I have practiced my methods for years.  Never before has there been a problem or decrease in yields.  In fact, your honor, not one of my own plants or my student’s plants have died – they seem to have survived this disaster.  Without them, the ship would be in far greater trouble than a few hungry weeks.”
 

Segni watched as Nean seized me by the elbow, dragging me towards the door, Tom grunting as his face tracked me from across the room.
 

“You honor!”  I shouted, red in the face, “In four weeks, we can have a feast!  Four weeks, if you let me revive the gardens.  If not, it will be at least twelve before we reach a full recovery, let alone a surplus.”
 

“A feast?”  Said Segni, “We have had many feasts, Horatius, and had more planned before you brought this news.”
 

“Not just a feast,”  I said, “But I have found that we can convert an entire field to growing strawberries if we increase our growth.  Pliny said that fruit used to be sweeter in the stories, in the old days.  Give me four weeks to bring you the sweetest strawberries of your life, and more of them than you have ever seen, to prove myself as your loyal servant!”
 

“Lies,”  Said Segni, as Nean’s grip intensified and Tom’s eyes narrowed, a vein showing in his forehead, “Just as you tried to lie your way into historian long ago.  Don’t think I am a fool, Horatius, and trick me like you tricked Skip.”
 

“But I came prepared!  With proof!”  I said, reaching into my pocket to pull out a small box and open it, revealing a small lump of red within, “A gift, for you, your honor.  I had planned to give it to you on a more celebratory occasion, but here it is now.  The sweetest strawberry you have ever tasted, and the largest.  Take it, and know that I can make one twice as tasty in the future.  It took me years to discover this secret, but with the rest of the gardeners working with me, we can prepare the best for you.  And not just strawberries, but the other foods as well!”
 

“Wait,”  Said Segni, gesturing to Nean, and leaned forward, removing the berry from the box and raising it to eye level.  Then he bit into it, chewing slowly, the red juice dripping down a chin that was on the verge of doubling.  His eyes closed, lips puckering after he took another bite, and another, until all that remained was the stem on the table, curved like a scar with crimson juice puddled about it.
 

“Four weeks.” He said, without opening his eyes, and holding up his fingers, “Four, until I want a feast, a feast of strawberries.  A birthday feast to make up for the one I’ll miss.”
 

Then Nean shoved me from the room, Tom exhaled from behind Segni as his shoulders relaxed, and I walked towards my apartment, a smile tugging at my lips as I prepared for the next day.
 

I scoured the Guide to Gardening, reviewing everything I would need to teach, reading over each of the sections carefully, particularly those on growing speed.
 

*Four weeks on average are required for maturation*,  The passage stated, *Made possible through genetically enhanced seed stock as well as the controlled conditions and light sources aboard the ship.  In natural environments, such as New Earth, growth rates will be slower as anticipated by the solar studies performed prior to departure.  A separate seed stock to be used in those conditions, as provided by the preparatory drops.*
 

 
I read the first sentence again, filtering away all the extraneous information.  According to the guide, as well as my experience, preparing the feast was possible.  Not only possible, but I’d only need half of the experienced gardeners to comply.
 

“Disaster has struck,”  I shouted from the front of the gardens the next morning as my forty students rounded up the other gardeners, bringing them in a mob before me, “But we have known disaster before.  We have known hardship before.  And we will prevail.”
 

“Word is that you told Segni we could have a feast in four weeks!”  Shouted Skip from the back, “Word is that you said it would be possible!”
 

I raised my hands as the rest of the experienced gardeners began to shout, thumping the weathered handles of their shovels into the earth, where dead plants crackled under their feet.
 

“I did,”  I said, my voice level, “And we will. We have enough to survive between our stores and the surviving plants, enough to just get by.  All we have to do is grow enough to provide a surplus.  It is possible, and I can teach you how.  Together, we can do it – look on at the plants that did survive, look at their health, look at their yields!  And if we cannot, then I promise you that I alone will be held accountable.  I promise you that I will leave the gardens and become a porter, and that you may forget that I ever partook in this.”
 

“How about we forget you ever partook in it now!”  Shouted a man from the back, wrinkles cut deep into his face, and several nodded in agreement.  “How about we return to the ways that have worked for generations in the past and will work for generations to come?”
 

“Because not only can I offer you a feast,”  I said, “But by eight weeks I can offer you double rations.  Not just you, but everyone on the ship!  More food than you have had in your lives.”
 

“Nonsense, all of it,”  Replied the man, and turned on his heel to return to his plot, brown with fallen stems and leaves as several others followed him, “Absolute nonsense.”
 

I bit my lip as more left, counting the numbers in my head as I felt a two small hands wrap around mine, from two children that had separated from the crowd.
 

“When our plants died under Skip, and he called us slow,”  Shouted Mark’s voice, “Horatius taught us, and he taught us how to garden the plants that are still alive today!”
 

“And he took the smallest of us, the weakest,”  Shouted Ruth, “And made us greater than the strongest!  Don’t leave without giving him a chance!”
 

The crowd paused, looking at the numbers of children growing at my sides, several shaking their heads.  Many continued to trudge away until just under half remained, just barely under the calculated threshold that we would need.  But those that remained were younger, some of them from my own class ten years before, with enthusiasm still in their eyes and muscle still on their bones.
 

“We start today,”  I said to them, “Each of you pair with one of my students, which will help in teaching you.  The methods are largely similar, only slight differences exist, and the work is easier than before.”
 

But as we started class, and the experienced gardeners attempted to salvage their crops, Skip walked across the fields until we were face to face, spitting into the soil at my feet.
 

“When everything starts to go wrong, when tradition crashes down around us,”  He hissed, pointing a finger into my chest, “We’ll know who to blame.”

***

After the first day of gardening, I returned to the control room, ensuring that the ultraviolet was lowered down to normal levels and optimizing the light of the entire garden, even for those who refused to follow my methods.  There would be time to teach them again in the future, but now that stores would soon be running out, we needed food. Already stomachs had started to growl from the reduced rations arriving from the kitchens.
 

Day one had been successful, the gardeners far more receptive to my methods than I had anticipated.  Most likely this was due to them being younger, to being less trapped in the ways of tradition.  But I had also handed out strawberries before the lesson, three to each new gardener, the type that I had perfected for Segni.
 

“Taste these,”  I had said, “Taste how much better these are, and know within a few weeks you will be growing your own.  Know that you not only will be giving the ship more food, but you will be giving them better quality food.  When this disaster is remembered a hundred years from now, you will be in the stories.  You will be the heroes.”
 

By the end of the first week, their planting speed had doubled, their hands moving through the technique as if they had practiced it their entire lives.  And I saw hope on their faces as the first of the greens began to sprout, poking defiantly through the soil far quicker than they were accustomed to in the past.
 

I think I’ll always remember that first week fondly.  That I’ll remember my intentions were good, that I had set the ship on the path towards not just survival, but improvement.
 

That when I stared outside the window each night, and I saw the face staring back at me from the other side of the half of the ship, her spindly figures forming gestures across the glass, I imagined that even she somehow knew that brighter times should be ahead.
 

That maybe one day even Segni would recognize that I deserved to be historian, and I could head our food stores.  That I could prepare us for times to come, seeking the other secrets long forgotten in stories trapped in written books.  And maybe that a few students of my own, gardeners like their teacher, might read them one day.  And might bring good to the ship after my passing.
 

Yes, I’ll always remember it that way.
 

Until I think upon the seventh day.
 

When the voice spoke from above.
 

Link to part 14: https://leonardpetracci.com/2016/08/16/the-bridge-part-14/Hi everyone!  The Bridge has finally hit Amazon stores! I hope you are excited as I am!

Before moving forward, I wanted to say thanks to each and every one of you for your support.  Without you, I wouldn't be here.  And in the future, I know I can rely on you to continue helping through **word of mouth** so others can find my work.

Here are the links:

If you are an international reader, scroll down to the comments.

For Kindle, click here: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0711C45FC/

For Paperback, click here: https://www.amazon.com/Bridge-Science-Fiction-Survival-Story/dp/1546399631

For signed copies: I can send you them at $10 apiece with proof of digital purchase!  That price is only for USA, as it includes shipping. 


In case you need a refesher, here is chapter one:


The asteroid was called the Hand of God when it hit. 

Not that we know much about God, of course. There are plenty of books that survived the destruction, though the readers far more sparse. And those that could spouted nonsense after a few pages, about things called Suns and moons being created, about talking beings called "animals", about oceans. About legends of old, myths, wishful thinking. But what I do know about God is, if his hand caused the damage to the ship, I don't want to know much more. 

The stories say that the ship used to be one before it hit. That the asteroid split the ship right down the center, making the way to the other side dangerous, impossible. But we can still see it, entangled in cord and moving alongside us, and we can see in their windows. We can see the faces far more gaunt than our own, the cheeks near bone, the eyes hollow and staring hungrily back at us. And we can see them fighting, using knives stashed from the kitchen along with strange flashing devices, and though we cannot hear we know they scream. 

There is a third part of the ship as well, this one with no faces in the windows, all dark and barely held to the main two parts. But no one has ever seen movement there, and it is far smaller than the halves. 

There are one thousand of us on our side, a census conducted each year by scratching marks into the cold wall, making sure we have enough to eat. Any number over eleven hundred has led to shortages of food, and more importantly, water. As one of the gardeners, I know this too well, planning out the ship's rations and crops, utilizing the few rooms remaining with glowing ceilings. Deciding if I plant only those seeds specified for meals, or if we could splurge on space for the herbs demanded by our doctors or the spices requested by our cooks. 

We worked together on the ship, each of us with our task for survival, none of us expendable. At ten a child was assigned their task, from chief to scourer, based upon the skills they possessed. Every year they were reevaluated, deciding if a change was neccessary, and for the past three I had been applying for the coveted historian. For keeping the tales and the knowledge from long before, from where the recovered books on ship census marked twenty five thousand. 

In the stories of old, it is said that God could speak even if he couldn't be seen. That he could be heard as a voice alone, sending commandments down to his people. 

And today, of the year 984, I, Horatius, heard him. 

"Systems rebooting," said the voice, jolting me out of my duties watering the plants, "ship damage assessed. Reuniting the two halves of the ship and restoring airlock, approximately twenty four hours until complete."

Staring out the window, I saw the cables holding the halves of the ships tighten. I saw the eyes of the hungry faces widen as they were dragged closer. 

And I wondered if the hand of God was striking again.Hey everyone! The Star Child paperback is released. Sorry for the day, formatting was a biiiiitch. 

In other news, plotting for negative film is wrapping up, and writing has started. Updates to come soon 

Best,

Leo. 


Also, sorry for the radio silence. Been hectic with family and work. I'll reply to you soon! I haven't forgotten!!!!“We switched out your ammunition and rigged the car,”  Said Geoffrey as Nataly gasped, “The pistol in the back seat is filled with blanks as well.  There are four agents nearby, all with tranquilizers trained upon you as we speak in case you try to run.”

“Tranquilizers?”  I spat, “You want us alive?”

“You’d be no use to us dead.”  Answered Geoffrey.

“And what do you plan to do with us?”  Shouted Nataly from the passenger seat, “What sadistic ideas are next?  Are you going to torture us just like you killed poor Maree and Brickman?”

“Ah yes, *poor* Brickman and Maree,”  Said Geoffrey, “No, I don’t want to kill you.  I want to clear up what happened all those years ago.  *Devils and Gods*, Lionel, *which is which*?  I tried to tell you but couldn’t, because they’d have taken you to the mental ward too.  I was never the devil.  *They* were.”

“Bullshit.”  I said.

“I thought so too,”  Geoffrey responded, “Until Alexander showed me what he found in his room.”

A second figure approached from the woods, much larger than Geoffrey, with a lumbering gait I remembered too well.

“Here,”  Said Alexander, handing a piece of paper through the window, the suicide note from years before, “Go on, read it.  I found it when I tried to rig my refrigerator to better cool my computer back in my apartment.  It was tucked into the insulation, somewhere where it never would have been found when the rooms were cleaned.  And it’s dated for a year before we arrived at Eileen’s.”

And holding the paper so Nataly could see, I read.

*Today, we took pill six, and it is our fourth year of training.  Six pills, each time we became smarter. Every time it works, but every time I feel like I am being fractured into more and more pieces.  The voices started after pill four.  At pill five, they started shouting.  And who knows what tomorrow will bring, if we can cling to sanity.  Already there have been two suicides.  But this is the last pill, after this we will be agents.  After this, we will be the best in the world, and our sacrifice will be worth it.*

“That was from the class before us.”  Said Alexander, “But they were not the only ones.  *Ten* classes happened before us, Lionel.  *Ten*, for a total of sixty five suicides, while the rest were committed to insanity wards.”

“How do you know this?”  I asked, the note shaking in my hands.

“Because after I found the note, I hacked into Eileen’s electronic records.”  Said Alexander, “That day when you were in my class, I said everything has bugs.  Everything does, including a pill to make you smarter.  And Brickman used our classes to work out the kinks.  Only him and Maree had access to the data, both of them planned to continue feeding our class pills until we reached the limit.  Until we cracked.  That first pill we took, that was equal to four of the pills that previous classes took.  And only when they discovered the limits of the pills were they actually going to create a team of agents.  It was all a lie, Lionel.  *Everything*.”

“So you shot them for revenge or out of anger?”  I asked, “You killed them instead of trying to escape?”

“We were left with no choice,”  Replied Geoffrey with a grimace, “There was a reason why the insane always shared room mates.  After Alexander found out their secret, he started telling us, bringing each of us to his room to show the evidence, and help him tear apart his room in search for other notes.  And we should have known, but our rooms were bugged.”

“So Brickman and Maree came to stop you once they overheard,”  Said Nataly, and Alexander nodded.

“Exactly.  They came to offer us a deal, that either we continue the program or we be sent to mental institutions.  Naturally, neither of these options were appealing.  So I panicked, and tried to run.  But when I did, Brickman pulled a gun.”

“Which was his mistake,”  Said Geoffrey, “Considering he had spent the last three years training us in combat and I was the top of our class.  I think Brickman expected us to take the deal, and I don’t think he expected violence, which is why the guard came later and not initially.  I was able to disarm him before Maree pulled a gun as well, and I did what I had to.  When she fell, Brickman went for the firearm, and I had to shoot him too.”

“But why pretend you were insane?”  I asked.

“Alexander deleted the files in their system,”  Geoffrey responded, “As well as the bug recordings from the rooms before destroying his own computer.  But the others at Eileen’s were aware of our program and its results.  By pretending to be insane, they assumed that we had already reached too high of a dosage, and Brickman had acted like a fool confronting us.  According to protocol, they sent us to the insanity ward, along with the other names that Brickman had written down before his death in his office, labeled as *dangerous* on a notepad.”

“So you never actually went insane,”  Said Nataly, eyes wide, “You only protected yourselves.”

“Exactly,”  Said Geoffrey, “After all these years, we wanted to clear our record with you.  And we wanted you to join us, to make sure that Eileen’s has been shut down permanently.”

“But the pill dosage,”  I said, throat tightening, “You said that we would have had to take six for the side effects to start?”

“Typically, yes.”  Answered Alexander, “But as I mentioned, they upped the dosage in our group.  Each of our pills was worth four of theirs.”

“Which means it would only take two,”  I finished, as realization flooded across Nataly’s face, and I heard the whispers start in the back of my head.  Whispers in my own voice, of two men separated by a narrow stream, as they began to argue.


***

***

I hope you enjoyed this story!  To have my future stories delivered straight to your inbox, sign up for .  Be sure to check out my most popular story,  if you would like to see more of my writing.

Wishing you the best,

LeoIf you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 7, Jessica**

“I’m looking for, um, Cesaro.”  said Jessica to the hostess as she entered Gemini’s.  The petite hostess looked up towards her, squinting her eyes through the hazy atmosphere that was sustained by Gemini’s clientele, and nodded.

“You’d be the one,”  she said after a moment’s doubtful inspection, raised a pale hand that stood out like the midnight moon against a dress constructed entirely from jet black feathers, and led the way deeper into tavern.  A sea of smoldering red pipes acknowledged her as she passed, the smoke curling about her shoulders like beckoning fingers, drawing her into the darkness as the hostess ahead blended into the scene, only traceable by two golden talons that clutched her earlobes as they weaved through the crowd.

Jessica stared as she walked, mouth slightly open, and happy the darkness hid her blush when she realized just how out of place her yellow sundress was in the establishment.  Her father had always held a deep disdain for taverns like Gemini’s and as a result she had never looked inside one, let alone become one of their customers.

“They’re for commoners who like to pretend they’re nobles,”  he said, wrinkling his nose, “The drinks are overpriced mud water garnished with what happens wash into the gutter that week, the attire - if you can even call it that - a mockery of the proper fashions, their mere presence an obscenity to the city.”

But to Jessica the tavern was an undiscovered land, an uncharted territory in contrast of the walls and formalization of her family’s estate and activities.  Each table that passed was an island, its own indigenous people occupying the chairs, speaking their own language and enjoying their own customs.  She gawked as she passed a couple openly kissing in the back of a booth, a pair of slender wings painted where eyebrows should have occupied the space above the woman's loosely shut eyes, her inch long sharpened and red dyed nails curling around the neck of her male suitor.  Jessica caught a hint of a smile through his own kiss before he shifted and turned his back on her, exposing two thick knobs raising out of the space between his shoulder blades through a gash in his shirt, the skin around them swelling like clenched knuckles.  

“Miss,”  said the hostess as they neared the back of the tavern, “Have you provided your own mask or will you be utilizing one of the house’s?”

“Excuse me?”  asked Jessica, snapping her vision away and back to in front of her.  The floor for the next twenty paces was empty, surrounded by a semicircle of tables extending from the wall.  An array of five booths were sunken into that wall at ground level, artificial branches wreathing each, and leafy curtains stretched aside for privacy if so desired.  A walkway set into the wall led up to a second row, where three booths extended like a shelf above the first, and a single booth occupied the third tier.  Above that Jessica saw pinpricks of light and realized that portion of the tavern had no roof and was occupied only by stars.

“It’s customary,”  said the hostess, somehow managing to held her nose higher than Jessica’s despite her stature, “To be masked when entering the nests.”

“I’m fine, thank you.”

“Should I inform your partner that you will not be joining him at the top nest?  I’m sure there are no shortage of women that will be clamoring to join him there, considering the expense of reservation.”

“No, that won’t be necessary.  I’ll take the house one.”  said Jessica, and the hostess lifted a mask over Jessica’s eyes, the blue plumage invading the corners of her vision, and a curved beak fit over her nose, tying it into place slightly too tight.  Then the hostess donned a mask of her own, a raven to match her dress, and led Jessica through the semicircle of tables.  Hushed whispers began when they neared the nest wall, whispers turned to full conversation as they climbed the narrow ramp up the second level, and silence replaced words as Jessica ascended to the third.

There, illuminated by a single the light of a single candle, Cesaro waited in the booth.  He smiled through his own mask, an imitation of Herald the Yellow-Feather, and gestured to the other side of the c-shaped booth.

“Lovely,” He said as Jessica took a seat on the red leather, “Thank you Clarissa.  A beer for me if you will, the shipment you received just last week from the East.  And a glass of the red wine for the lady.  Something from far, far away from here.”

“Frothed and bubbly?”

“Of course, Clarissa, of course.  Now,”  he said, as the waitress began to descend the walkway, “It’s time to talk business.  Naturally, I found us the most private spot in the place.”  He laughed and waved below, where at least a dozen faces hurriedly turned away from their speculation on who the exactly new patron of Gemini’s was, and how genius his partner had been in wearing a sundress as the perfect clash against fashion.

****

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3v8q26/life_magic_chapter_8/“I want the citizens of Alani irate.  Livid.  I want them insatiable, demanding that their voices be heard, starting riots in the street and threatening war.  I want them petitioning to the world council for them to have what it rightfully theirs, until the world council has no choice but to right this most grievous wrong.” I said as Marco sipped his coffee.  We were in my study, the same one that I would be arrested in one year later.  And there were plans to be made.

“We have six agents in public office, two at the head of unions, three deep in the Listos, the Alanian form of Mafia, and four waiting placement.”  He answered, consulting a stack of notes, “Already streets have begun to whisper - subtleties, seeds of thought being planted into the collective unconscious.  According to our data models, within three years it will become a political issue, and at the next five year election politicians will be scrambling to add it to their platforms.  Should any of this begin to early or too late, our agents should be able to correct the course.”

“Good,” I said, looking at the map on my desk.  I saw Carcer, a pinprick of an island just off the coast of Alani and Hemorran, two small nations with GDPs less than their square mileage, and a surplus of hungry mouths to feed.  The perfect pot to brew domestic unrest.  “And I take it you conducted background checks into multiple of their previous lives?”

“Of course, Frederick,” he said, “They’re solid.  And as you know, bribable.”

“Perfect.  Then it’s time we became activists, Marco.  It’s time to bring Alani some long overdue justice.”

 ****


By the time the guards took me from the incubator, I’d developed the ability for basic shape recognition.  Near the end of my stay my head lulled to the left side, and I saw the oblong pink shape next to me, staring for hours until I recognized the object.

It was another baby, wrapped in a tight white blanket and resting on its back, its eyes trained on the ceiling.  And I waved my hand in front of it’s face, my poor motor skills causing my fist to connect accidentally with it’s head.  But the baby never reacted, continuing to stare into the harsh light, a single tear trailing down its cheek.  I never heard it cry, nor saw it move, except for the falling tears wicked into the bedding below.

After the incubators babies at Carcer were transported to the nursery, where they remained until they were two years of age and could walk and defecate without assistance, upon which they would be designated a holding cell.  

“Look what we have here,”  said a voice from above my crib in the nursery the first day of my arrival, originating from one of the children assigned to work in the nursery, “A new baby.  A fat, chubby one.  Won’t we have so much fun with you? I know *I* will.”

The owner of the voice, a young boy with curly red hair and pasty skin, cracked a smile, displaying yellow teeth and swollen gums accompanied by rancid breath.  With life being so short on Carcer, the prison supplied none of the basic amenities for personal hygiene, having long cut out any form of health care from their budget.  Those too sick to work would be slaughtered.  And those who could persist on could continue living, though enfeebled, at least until they neared thirteen years of age.

“Don’t you know what I do to all the new ones?”  He said, flashing the putrid smile again, “I think you can guess - It’s what got me in here.  Or wait, no you can’t guess, you’re just a baby.  You haven't had *the talk* yet.  I like to give the new ones a few weeks first though, that way I don’t have to be as gentle.  The guard's say that.  They say Omar, Omar, you have to be more gentle with the new ones.”

He laughed as I gurgled, frozen beneath him, barely able to move.  Then he was gone, disappearing over the edge of my crib, and I heard his voice speaking to the baby one crib over.

The weeks passed, Omar visiting my crib each day.

“Won’t be long now.  Just a bit older,”  He said, filling a bottle with warm milk, “You’re growing so quick.”

And in Carcer, there was nothing I could do.  Even if I could wield a weapon, there was nothing in the nursery suitable to fend him off.  I couldn’t yet scale the walls of the crib.  And even if I found the means, I couldn’t afford to kill myself and restart life on the island.  There was no time.

Omar forgot one crucial detail, however.  That as I grew, so did he.

But aging something the guards on Carcer never forgot. And age he did, until Carcer decided he would age no more.

“No!” I heard him scream as the guards pulled him by the arms from the nursery and out of sight, his legs dragging on the floor, “No!  Not yet, please!  Ow, my arm, be gentle!”

And after his category five death, Omar never bothered me in the nursery again.

The next few weeks in the nursery passed without incident, and I began gaining more control over my body and mind.  I focused on speech, knowing that communication was of top priority to forward my plans.  And I tried crawling, though I was still too young, and my muscles couldn’t bear the load.  

I practiced moving, stretching out my fingers, curling my elbow.  I flexed my toes, and kicked my legs.  But as the weeks turned to months, and my gurgling turned to consonant sounds, I noticed something was wrong.

It was my right leg.  A stiffness, or lack of response, something *off* about the way it moved.

I hadn’t noticed it before- trying to make sense of all the nervous wiring is always a slow part of the just-been-born learning curve.  But now it was obvious, and once, as an attendant held and burped me, I managed to catch a glimpse of my leg - and now that I knew that something was amiss, I saw the obvious.

Where there should have been muscle there was nothing, only skin stretched tight over bone.  A defect, likely resulting from improper procedure in the birthing lab by attendants who knew they were serving criminals.  A disability I knew would prevent me from walking, from mobility, from *the plan*.

At at that moment, my mouth spoke it’s first word.

“Damn.”

Part 5: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3vl3jw/wp_reincarnation_has_been_proven_but_you_are/**Prompt:[WP] After almost 1,000 years the population of a generation ship has lost the ability to understand most technology and now lives at a preindustrial level. Today the ship reaches its destination and the automated systems come back online.WRITING PROMPT**

###**The Bridge, Chapter 1**

The asteroid was called the Hand of God when it hit.

Not that we know much about God, of course. There are plenty of books that survived the destruction, though the readers far more sparse. And those that could spouted nonsense after a few pages, about things called Suns and moons being created, about talking beings called "animals", about oceans. About legends of old, myths, wishful thinking. But what I do know about God is, if his hand caused the damage to the ship, I don't want to know much more.

The stories say that the ship used to be one before it hit. That the asteroid split the ship right down the center, making the way to the other side dangerous, impossible. But we can still see it, entangled in cord and moving alongside us, and we can see in their windows. We can see the faces far more gaunt than our own, the cheeks near bone, the eyes hollow and staring hungrily back at us. And we can see them fighting, using knives stashed from the kitchen along with strange flashing devices, and though we cannot hear we know they scream.

There is a third part of the ship as well, this one with no faces in the windows, all dark and barely held to the main two parts. But no one has ever seen movement there, and it is far smaller than the halves.

There are one thousand of us on our side, a census conducted each year by scratching marks into the cold wall, making sure we have enough to eat. Any number over eleven hundred has led to shortages of food, and more importantly, water. As one of the gardeners, I know this too well, planning out the ship's rations and crops, utilizing the few rooms remaining with glowing ceilings. Deciding if I plant only those seeds specified for meals, or if we could splurge on space for the herbs demanded by our doctors or the spices requested by our cooks.

We worked together on the ship, each of us with our task for survival, none of us expendable. At ten a child was assigned their task, from chief to scourer, based upon the skills they possessed. Every year they were reevaluated, deciding if a change was neccessary, and for the past three I had been applying for the coveted historian. For keeping the tales and the knowledge from long before, from where the recovered books on ship census marked twenty five thousand.

In the stories of old, it is said that God could speak even if he couldn't be seen. That he could be heard as a voice alone, sending commandments down to his people.

And today, of the year 984, I, Horatius, heard him.

"Systems rebooting," said the voice, jolting me out of my duties watering the plants, "ship damage assessed. Reuniting the two halves of the ship and restoring airlock, approximately twenty four hours until complete."

Staring out the window, I saw the cables holding the halves of the ships tighten. I saw the eyes of the hungry faces widen as they were dragged closer.

And I wondered if the hand of God was striking again.

## ****  Scroll down to the "continue reading" button for chapter 2.

##**This story is getting published as a novel in 2-3 weeks (I posted this on April 14).    80,000 words written, getting edited now!**

Check it out here!  If you have a Goodreads account, be sure to mark that you are currently reading it!

https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33904816-the-bridge?from_search=trueI can still remember what it was like before I learned to read.

I remember at staring at pages of symbols, knowing somehow that they meant something, that there was meaning behind the shapes.  And sometimes, when there were pictures, I could infer what those words meant.  Or I would be able to sound out some of the smaller words, taking several minutes of intense concentration to realize how the vowels and consonants strung together to form meaning, and even then it was difficult to hold that meaning in my mind as I attempted to sound out the next word.

And then, within a year, it clicked.  Words would leap at me from billboards, presenting themselves whether I wanted them to or not.  Forming patterns so obvious that I could not understand how they had eluded me before.

Taking the pill was like learning to read. 

Overnight.

Concepts that were once muddled and confusing were now incredibly obvious, in ways that I could never had imagine.  In ways I never knew thay could be.

And it all started the next morning.  Well, technically, it started before then.  When I was asleep, dreaming.

I was walking in my dream, circling down a dark staircase, my bare feet cold against stone, flaming torches illuminating the thin walkway as I continued downwards.  And as I travelled downwards, the echoes of my footsteps sounding in front of me, I began to pass doorways.  There were hundreds of them, all with different handles and locks, some cracked slightly open, some with hundreds of nails securing them to the doorframe.

Nearly a mile down, I stopped, my fingers touching a handle of lukewarm temperature, and pushing it open.

“Hello Lionel,”  Came the voices from inside, from two men that stood on opposite sides of a room.  Behind the one on the left, precise geometric shapes stacked on the walls, paired with finely drawn lines and stacks of thousands of perfectly round spheres. And behind the other, the wall was painted, streaks of color arcing across the stone in an abstract too difficult to properly discern.  Between the two men and dividing the room was a stream of water, wide enough that it could not be lept across, with a single small bridge connecting them in the center.

“Hello.”  I responded, from the doorway, “Who - who are you?”

“Oh, you know who we are, Lionel.”  Said the one on the left, so I could properly see his face.  My own face, with a fresh pressed suit underneath, not a wrinkle in sight with angles that perfectly accented my shoulders. 

“Yes, yes you do,”  Said the one on the right, himself dressed in a colorful button down shirt, with the sleeves rolled up, and considerably messy shirt,  “We talk all the time.”

“We do?”  I said, my eyebrows furrowed.

“Oh yes, we do,”  They answered together, “Every day we talk, through your thoughts.  You ask us questions, and we fetch the answers.  We’re a team, us.  You.  And you’re lucky, because not everyone gets along as well as we do.  But even so, we hold our distances, and our territories.”  They gestured to the stream in between that separated them.

“And why exactly have you brought me here?”  I asked, as they walked towards me.

“Because it’s time that our conversations became more intimate,”  They said, and reaching out, each took one of my hands, and lights began to glow behind their eyes, “There’s so much we have to share with you Lionel.  So much to see.”

My eyes opened in my apartment, as the sound of my alarm clock began, set to the tune of *Semi Charmed Life*.  But instead of simply *hearing* the music, I *saw* it, a flood of colors and shapes that filled my thoughts with each passing note, the vibrations classifying themselves in my mind as my fingers tapped at my leg.  And thought it had been years since I had my last piano lesson, and had never made it past beginner level, I knew they would have struck home each note on a keyboard.

For a moment I lay there, until I heard footsteps, and my door burst open, Geoffrey standing in the frame with his eyes wide.

“Lionel,”  He gasped, his chest heaving, “Lionel, everything- everything is different now.”

“And yet the same,”  I said, and prepared for class.

***

Classes took on a different tone since we took the pill.  Constantly we were watched, men and women that carried clipboards and studied our movements.  And more importly, there were twice as many classes as before.  Not because they ran shorter.

Rather, because we could now take two at the same time.

The closest way to understand the sensation is to try to say two memorized passages in the mind at the same time.  For me, I used prayers I had learned as a child, trying to recite the *Our Father* and *Hail Mary* together.  Before the pill, I could only maintain one tract of thought, one inner dialogue.  And after the pill, I had at least two, and on a good day, three.

“Begin!”  Ivan shouted, two weeks after taking the pill, as I circled Geoffrey on the athletic match, our sparring beginning.

“A little more than kin, and less than kind!”  Said Geoffrey, circling, and attempting to sweep my leg as he recited the first line of Hamlet.

“Not so, my lord. I am too much i' th' sun.”  I responded with the second line, countering his attack, and looking for an opening near his arm.

“Integrate x squared times x square plus twenty five,”  Called out our mathematics teacher, while Geoffrey attempted a collar tie and I deflected.

“Ay, madam, it is common.”  Said Geoffrey, the third line, and I with Hamlet’s fourth, “Seems, madam, Nay, it is. I know not 'seems.'”, before we both shouted out the answer to the calculus question, while Geoffrey attempted to topple me from balance using a jab followed by a trip, and I responded with a sideways elbow to his ribs.

And from the bleachers, the men and women looked on, writing in ther notebooks, watching our actions.  And looking back, I suppose they were searching for signs.

Signs of what was to come.

Behind them, Brickman watched, his smile wide at his creation.  And from the edge of the matts, far below, Alexander’s eyes narrowed, and his right fingers began to twitch as he stared at the clipboards.  In his left hand, he held something, something curled up tight between his fingers.

Something the staff later informed me was his suicide note.

***

**Remainder of the story: https://leonardpetracci.wordpress.com/2016/07/25/the-insanity-pill/**

***

**Part 6 coming soon.  To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.  Be sure to check out my most popular story, , while you wait.***It's been years since I made the wish. Since I saw the shooting star streaking across the sky, the night after twelve rejection letters came in the mail for my new novel. I still remember the words in those letters, so impersonally devoid of emotion that they stung.

*Characters lack rationality, emotion. Unbelievable in their actions. Missing a human element.*

So that night, I made my wish. As the star soared overhead, I whispered, and my voice was caught by the wind and whisked into the sky.

"I wish I could breathe life into my characters."

I had not meant that wish literally, but that's how fate interpreted it.

The next day I started a new novel, the words flowing from my pen like water from a river. New lines appeared before the ink dried, dialogue flowing back and forth like it never had before. In my mind I met my characters. Their personalities became as real as my own, their ticks and flaws so natural that they became closer than my actual friends. I knew them, and I loved them. Especially Jeremy, my main character, a hero worthy of any legend.

I wrote that novel in three months, faster than any other I had tried before. I turned in my first draft- even after thorough inspection, there were no errors I could detect.

Three weeks after sending the novel to my choice publisher, I received a call.

"May I speak with Curt Anderson?"

"Speaking."

"Curt Anderson, we have reviewed your novel and fallen in love with it. Would you be interested in moving to the next step?"
With those simple words, my lifelong dream came to fruition. In a year my novel reached the best seller list, and the publishing company began asking for a sequel.

Which is when the implications of my wish began.

The sequel poured out of me with faster speed than the first, and as I wrote, I felt Jeremy slipping out of his role as hero. He seemed to doubt himself, acting with indecision where he would once take action. Soon he began questioning the life around him, brooding, and became obsessed with a scratching noise that would keep him awake long hours into the night.

Until, one day, in the middle of dialogue with the villain, he broke character.

"I can hear your pen scratching, Curt. Why did you create me?"

I stopped writing, my pen dug into the page. Then I heard his voice in my mind, as vivid as on the page.
"I'm not real, am I, Curt?"

"No." I said, the words catching in my mouth.

"Then finish me off. There's no reason for me to carry on."

I wrote through the night, wrapping up the sequel. In a strange turn of events, Jeremy won the lottery, and spent the rest of his life in the caribbean. With a thick stroke, I scratched in "THE END" to the end of the page, and I felt his voice depart from my mind.
After a year I started writing another novel, hoping that the first had been some strange trick of the mind. Maybe I should be looked at for a mental illness. But I did not feel crazy, so I kept writing.

Jasmine, my new character, caught on quicker than Jeremy. Nearly three quarters into the novel, she addressed me, asking me how I could have ever killed her mother in a car crash forty pages back. Without hesitation, I wrote in that Jasmine met the man of her dreams, they moved to the Bahamas, where she met her true mother because she had been adopted. Then I slammed the book shut, another "THE END" scratched into the final page.

The realization occurred in my next work. And the work after that. As my writing became more practiced, even minor characters started noticing that their lives were fake. Some committed suicide, some went crazy, but I saved as many as possible by writing in some turn of events that made their lives happier.

On my fifteenth book, I had not yet finished the first chapter, when my character addressed me by name. That day I was in a coffee shop, and I felt something snap in my brain.

Despite the score of people drinking around me, I pushed my chair back, stood, and yelled towards the ceiling.

"Why is the happening to me? How is this happening to me? Why did you put this into my life? Why did you write this into my life?"

The other customers stared at me, confused as I was by my outburst. Behind the counter, I saw the barista start dialing on a cell phone, and knew she was either calling for the police or her manager. I stormed out of the building and drove home, speeding along the way and considering ramming myself into a tree.

But two gentlemen waited for me in my front yard, holding a giant check.

"What's this?" I asked, opening my door.

"Why it's for you, Curt. You won a sweepstakes. Congratulations! Several million dollars worth, and a home in tropical paradise."

"What sweepstakes?"

The man smiled, shook my hand, then leaned in to whisper in my ear.

"Mr. Jacobs says you deserve this. You don't know him, but he knows you. He knows all of us in fact." The man in the suit waved about him, gesturing at the world in general, "But he does have one stipulation- you will never write again. And he will never write about you again."
On the subject line of the check, there were only two words.

"THE END"If you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

***

“Mr. Cesaro, I don’t know what you expect from me, but I’m certainly not here to conduct business.” said Jessica, pushing 
the lit candle between them.

“You’re free to leave anytime you wish, Jessica.  But I must inform you that I *am* strictly here to conduct business.  Go on.”  He draped an arm over the edge of the booth, and waited.  She met his eyes and spoke through gritted teeth.

“I’m just here for the wine.”

“You’re here for the curiosity, dear.  You have so many questions, questions that you will always have if you continue hiding behind estate walls.  Stay, listen to my proposal, and you just might find some answers.”

“And what exactly is this proposal?”

“That’s the spirit!  It’s quite simple Jessica.  I require an apprentice.  Ah, here come the drinks.”

Clarissa appeared on the walkway outside, setting a clear pint glass filled two thirds of the way with thick brown liquid onto the table followed by a glass of wine with supported by four twisting stems.  

“Frothed,” she said, extending an index finger and submerging it into the beer up to the second joint.  Bubbles erupted around it, streaming around the edges of the glass and stirring up a thick head that rose to occupy the last third of the pint.

“And bubbled,” She continued, and extended her pinky this time such that just the very tip touched the surface of the wine.  Miniscule streams of bubbles streamed downwards, swirling into a thin fizz that disappeared into the deep red fluid.

“One more thing, Clarissa.  We’ll take a dish as well.  Something bready, if possible?.”

“Of course, sir.  The house poppyseed pastries are the chefs pride, lighter and flakier than anything you’ll find in the city.”

“Those will do nicely.  See if he’ll sprinkle some sunflower seeds on top, will you?”

“Of course, sir,” she said, disappearing below yet again.

“You’re not going to buy me off with food and drinks,”  said Jessica, crossing her arms and leaning backwards, “Or the seating.  I know when someone is trying to put on a show.”

“You can drop your guard Jessica.  Stop looking at me like I’m about to spit fire,”  he chuckled, and raised his glass, “Besides, the show has yet to start.  A toast to that, the show, that it may exceed both of our expectations.”

He drank, downing near half his beer, foam clinging to the tips of his mustache.  She followed his lead, the wine stinging as bubbles nucleated on her lips, inhaling the fumes filled with notes of peaches and blackberries as she swallowed.  

“Close,” muttered Cesaro, speaking more to himself than her, “But not quite.”

“You were saying something about an apprenticeship?”  said Jessica, unable to hold back the question as he looked into the beer.  *An apprenticeship of what*, she thought, *It doesn’t matter.  I’d be crazy to serve a man with no regard for my safety.  And father would never approve.*

“Oh, of many things.  *Many* things, Jessica.  Including that gift of yours.”

“About that,” Said Jessica, taking another sip of the wine, “How did you know?  No one else believed me.  Not even my own father.”

“A deaf man cannot hear song.”  Cesaro answered, “But I listened, and you sang.  Herald brought your song to me, and beautiful it was indeed.  But it can be so much more,”  he said, leaning across the table, “So much more.  And look, the show is starting.”

Below them, men and women turned their chairs towards the center of the floor, in the semicricle space unoccupied by tables.  A lane formed leading to the opening from the front of the tavern, and two lanterns blazed to life at the end, illuminating the silhouette of a walking man.  As he passed tables, more lantern pairs sprang to life with the tempo of his footsteps, and the sound of the tavern died to silence as the light grew.  The man stepped into semicircle and raised his hands to the stars, holding them there as lanterns rippled across the edge of the circle, illuminating the two knobs that emerged through the rip in his shirt.

Music began to play, quick violin and fiddle strokes that lanced through the room.  The man skipped around perimeter of the circle, raising his hands at each lantern, and a tornado of fire the height of two men whipped upwards as wind blew through holes drilled in the bottom of the lanterns and spewed their flammable oil into the air.

“What’s going on,”  asked Jessica, learning over the edge of the booth for a better view of below.

“The show, of course.”  said Cesaro, as the man crouched in the center of the floor, his head down.

Two dancers leapt from the base of the circle, spinning such that their long dresses fanned around them revealed skin up to their thigh.  They converged on the man in the center, jumping just above his head, both of their hands reaching out to join with one of his mid flight.  He thrust his chest upwards, arching his back as a powerful wind current rushed towards him, catching the dancers and lifting them ten feet into the air as they performed in double front flips.  They landed on their hands, cushioned by a patch of thickened air provided by the man, and the crowd entered into alcohol fueled applause.

“Remarkable, isn’t it?”  Said Cesaro as the dancers lined up, preparing for their next trick, “So powerful, yet so delicate.  The world is like that Jessica.  Stone towers with cornerstones made of twigs.  And someone has to protect it.”

“And that’s what you do then?”  She asked as the two female dancers interlocked legs, their dresses forming a sail beneath them, and rose like a leaf born by the autumn wind to their level, one of the dancers blowing a kiss to Cesaro, “Protect people?”

“Precisely,”  Said Cesaro, “I provide a service. My agents shelter those in need.  Covertly, discreetly.  Look there below, Jessica.  See the performer? See how in control he is, how balanced?”

The performer was rising into the air now, holding himself steady five feet above the ground, his face sweating as the dancers arced above him.  Cesaro reached out a hand, and suddenly she felt his presence, a presence that rushed towards the force lines of Air magic below and nudged at them, pulling at precisely the wrong angles.  The crowd shrieked as the performer tumbled and crashed to the ground, both of his dancers tucking into a roll high above.  At the last instant both of the performer’s palms flipped upwards, blasting an updraft that slowed the dancers so they could land on their feet.

“Yet so easy to topple.”  Finished Cesaro, lowering his hand.

“You ass!,” exclaimed Jessica, her voice full of disgust, “Do you enjoy hurting people, do you -”

Her voice was cut off by a scream from below, followed by a deep moaning, and she turned to see the the performer on his hands and knees.  He screamed again, his muscles bulging, his forehead against the ground.

“Stop it!”  She shouted at Cesaro, seeing his hand raised again, “Stop!”

But he took no notice of her, and simply spoke again, his face focused.

“So easy to topple.  But so hard to build.  May you fly high, young man.”

The scream intensified, the man clawing at the ground, blood streaming from under his shirt.  Jessica watched as the bulges on his back strained, knots moving under the skin.  Then his skin split down the center, tearing sinew and muscle alike, and white shapes unfolded from underneath.

Jessica’s mouth opened as she watched the performer kneel back on his heels, tears running down his face.  Tears originating as pain transformed to pride as he stretched two feathered wings, wings that could easily curl about his body, wings that only a select few Angels would ever bear.

***

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3vlciu/life_magic_chapter_9//If you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Life Magic, Chapter 11, Jessica**

**5 Years Later**

Jessica collapsed on her bed, sinking into the down stuffed mattress and, neglecting to close her door and leaving it open to the hallway.  Her thighs ached from hours of riding, and longed for the hot bath that Mariel, one of the many house servants, was preparing in the room next door.  She shivered, still wet from the rain that had poured from the sky during the last two hours of her journey, sighing as she felt moisture seeping into the quilt beneath her.

With a groan she sat up, removing her outer coat that contained the majority of the water, and dropping it to the hardwood floor where it fell with a *plop*, generating a puddle around itself.  She shook out her hair, creating her own miniature rainstorm, flinging droplets around the room.  She flicked her right hand behind her ear and a warm breeze started to flow behind her, starting to dry the hair still plastered to her scalp.  She held it for a moment, feeling the heat start to permeate into her neck, before there was a rustling at her desk across the room and several letters blew to the floor.

“Seriously?”  Asked Jessica to the empty room, and released her hold on the breeze, standing to collect the fallen letters.  She knew the breeze had not been worth it - it would be more trouble to maintain than it would have been useful, but she could have ignored that in another moment of indulgence.

Picking up the letters from the floor, she checked for any new ones among those that had followed her in the five years since leaving Lorai.  So far, nothing.  As was to be expected, considering the tone of her father's recent letters when she had refused to return home permanently.

She set them back on her desk next to a small statue of a falcon mid flight, the only remaining artifact of what she had brought with her from home, given to her by her father as she bade her farewells outside the family estate.

“Remember, Jessica,”  he had said, pushing the stone figure into her hand, “Above all else, you are a Falcon.  And we will always be proud of you for that.”

“Thank you Father,”  she said, embracing him, then turning away before he could see her eyes water.  Then she buried her face in her mother, who held the back of her head, and let the tears fall into her dress.  She turned, unable to say anymore goodbyes, and followed Cesaro down the street.

Just before the road split, she whipped around, taking in her estate one last time.

“I’ll make you proud, Father!”  She shouted. And just before she turned from the estate one last time, she had seen Alina waving goodbye from her upstairs window, though her sister had not come downstairs for the farewells.  And raising her hand slowly, she had waved back.

Back in her room, Jessica picked up the falcon, shining it with the corner of a tissue she kept on the desk for that purpose.

“Would you be proud, if you knew?”  She whispered, placing the falcon back in it’s place, and using the tissue to dust the honorary Laddergate diploma that she had framed beside it.

“Miss,” said a voice from behind her, and Jessica jumped, nearly dropping the frame to the floor.

“Sorry, miss.”  Said Mariel, “I hadn’t meant to surprise you.”

*Surprised from behind, I must truly be exhausted,*  thought Jessica, and then looked back to the Falcon. *Or distracted.*

“It’s fine, Mariel,”  she said, facing the servant, a girl only a few years younger than herself armed with an apron and feather duster, “I take it my bath is ready?”

“No, miss,”  she answered, “And I would have dusted those for you, had you allowed it.  It’s no extra work for me, miss.  But no, the master calls.”

“Already?”  said Jessica, her shoulders falling, “Can’t it wait?  I just got back.”

“He says it’s most urgent, miss, otherwise he wouldn’t have summoned you back here.”

“Alright, I’m coming,”  Said Jessica, “But he can at least wait for me to put on dry clothes.”

She stripped, then opened her closet doors, where fifteen separate outfits awaited her, each pressed, stainless, and awaiting her touch.  Selecting a green dress that fell to her knees, she threw it over her head, unaware of Mariels look of dismay as the dress soaked the rest of her body.  No shoes, she decided - if she was going to be summoned in this rude of a fashion, she would forego the formality.

Then she strode into the hallway, leaving Mariel to her room, and taking the red velvet staircase barefooted down to the ground floor.  She crossed the tiles that made up the foyer, the black and white swirled marble like icicles against her feet, took a side door to shortcut through the kitchens, and arrived in the study.

In the five years since she had accepted Cesaro’s apprenticeship, she had failed to see signs of aging upon him.  Grey hairs had not yet managed to take an inch of territory from the black ones, and no new wrinkles dug in trenches across his face.  He still carried his cane, and he still limped, age having not cured nor cursed the ailment that plagued his leg.

He was standing when she entered, behind a rack of sixteen candles on his desk.  She felt the magic around them, chords of force lines surrounding each like a knot or metal wire ready to explode outwards, embedding themselves deep into the wax and containing touch of all the elements, but with a backbone of Life.

“Jessica, please, take a seat.”  He said, gesturing to an empty chair.

“Is this necessary, Cesaro?  Can’t it wait until morning?”

“No, it cannot wait.  In fact, it has already waited.  I have stalled too long to inform you of the gravity of the matter at hand, and I can only hope that it is not too late.”

“Apparently not, because I’m still wet from walking in the gate.”

“Jessica,”  Said Cesaro, his voice low, his eyes flashing, “Had I not deemed it necessary, I would not have summoned you.  Return to your room if you wish to act childish.”

He waited, watching her stiffen before his gaze, then continued.

“Twenty years ago, Jessica, one of my agents died intercepting a list.  This list contained sixteen names, names which I did not recognize, and I feared he may have given his life in vain.  For the last eighteen years, I kept the list, forgetting about it until just two years ago.  You’re familiar with princess Amelia, correct?”

“The Boulderer princess who died two years back?  I remember her.  Other students at Laddergate knew her- they even held a small funeral.  Tragic.”

“Tragic indeed.  She died in the tragic carriage accident, when a crazed horse ran straight off a bridge, through steel reinforced guardrail, and she plummeted two hundred feet to her death.  A horse that had been bred in a pure line for several hundred years for its obedience, and in the service of the royal family for years without so much as a nervous tick.  Amelia died in an accident, that most surely, was no accident.  And her full name, dear, was the first name on my precious list.”

“So you know think that someone killed her on purpose?”

“I *know* someone killed her on purpose.  Look here, Jessica, to the candles before you.  Each one of these candles represents a human life.  I constructed these candles with the utmost care two years ago, enchanting each with the name, the identity, of a specific person on that list.  I set each one alight, and they burned.  So long as each life they represented lived, the flame would not go out.  Tell me, Jessica, how many of these candles are lit?”

“None,”  She answered, and her eyes widened, “They all died in the last two years?  Every one of them?”

“Exactly, dear.  One by one, whether through supposed accident or brutal murder,” he blew where the candle flames used to be, extinguishing an invisible flame, “Their owners began to perish.”

“So someone had a vengeance list?  They wanted to settle a score?”

“A logical conclusion,”  Said Cesaro, “Except for one important fact.”

“What?”

“None of the people on the list were born twenty years ago.  They were marked for death *before* they existed.”

“How was the list formed then?  And so you think that vengeance isn’t the motive, at least against the person themselves.  You’re sure they didn’t deserve to die from some wrong in the past?”

“Does a four year old girl, poisoned by the bar of soap in her bath and absorbed into her skin, screaming in pain for four hours while her parents could do nothing to save her, deserve to die?”  asked Cesaro.

“Oh God,”  said Jessica, “No.  I didn’t realize-”

“You judged,” interrupted Cesaro, his voice rising, “Just two days her candle went out, Jessica.  A lone flame among the extinguished candles, with fifteen of my agents dedicated to protect her.  And it was snuffed out by an imaginary wind as if they weren’t even there.  Just yesterday I heard of this event, and my fears were confirmed.  If you look closely, you can still see the smoke rising from the candle.  It does that, until the body is buried.”

She neglected to look, but she could smell the faint trace of it in the air.

“But who’s doing this?”  Asked Jessica.

“I’ll share details with you as we ride,”  Said Cesaro, “But for now, only one thing is important.  Look here, Jessica, as I dim the lights.  What do you see?”

Jessica peered at the candle he indicated in the darkness and barely, just barely, she made out a red glow.

“An ember.”  she said.

“An ember.” he breathed, “One last life out of sixteen left to save.  That is your mission, Jessica.  To save that life.  I was never able to get that candle to light, even in the beginning, when I enchanted them.  Which means one of two things.  Either the person behind that candle has been precariously toppling between life and death for two years, at which point it they may already be beyond saving, or one other option.  Think, Jessica.  What would that be?”

“Your magic can’t reach them,”  she said, recalling her lessons on enchantments, “There’s something blocking it, preventing your magic from telling if they are alive or dead, and it’s only picking up a weak life signal.”

“Precisely.  And unless our mystery life has been wearing a collar made of *vrael*, or has some enchantments of his own, *where* exactly would that person be?  Think, Jessica.” 

“Somewhere where magic would be blocked.  Oh God,”  She said, taking a sharp breath, “Querkus.  Who, exactly, was this list intercepted from Cesaro?”

“Yes, I believe him to be in Querkus.  The neutral city, where *vrael* dust is sown into the very ground for miles, muffling all forms of magic so my spell would not be able to reach him.”

“Cesaro, who did you intercept you list from?”

“As I was saying, he must be in the the neutral city, where magic is prohibited not only by nature but by law as well, for the intention of keeping the peace."

“Cesaro, answer my question.”

Cesaro’s showed no expression as he spoke.

“From the Shadows, the wielders of Darkness and Death.  Who, should they kill an innocent in the neutral city, would spark a war that has remained dormant for a hundred years.  And who, should we become exposed in fighting them, would do the same.  Fetch your coat, Jessica.  We’ve spoken enough - it’s time to ride.  For if they want him dead, we surely want him alive.”

***

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3w6d1q/life_magic_chapter_12/If you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 5, Jessica**

"Excuse me, did you just ask that *bird* what my name was?"  Jessica said, inching backwards on the wall.  The city guard kept Lorai under a close eye, but it was not unheard of for a lunatic to be loose on the streets.  After all, she had met an Outcast once.

"No, I didn't ask him.  I was merely confirming what he already told me."  Said the man, and the bird hopped down his shoulder to his arm, then his wrist, where it focused two beady black eyes on her.  It spread it's wings, revealing the pattern on the underside that gave the bird it's name, a single long yellow streak among the rest of its red plumage.  

"Birds don't talk.  Besides, I think you have the wrong Jessica."  She said, folding her arms.  She considered slipping off the wall and running back to the safety of the house, but she was high enough up that the man would have trouble reaching her.  

"Oh, I don't think so.  The one I'm looking for is very special indeed."

"Then you've certainly found the wrong one.  And by no account am I gifted."  She huffed, and swung her legs to the other side of the wall and preparing to leave.

"Now wait right there!  I've heard she is gifted.  I heard she can read, is this true?"

"Well, yes, that much is true."

"Aha!  Well that makes her gifted on its own, above most of the population in this city.  And I hear she can do sums too - they say no one can shortchange this Jessica at the market.  Is that true?"

"Yes, that's true.  But that's normal among any other nobles."

The man nodded, the lowered his gaze to the ground, but continued talking to the cobblestones.

"Then she's gifted with noble blood as well!  Perhaps she's gifted with cleverness, and kindness, and patience.  And perhaps, just perhaps, she's gifted with-"  He cut himself off suddenly, and turned swiftly towards her such that his coat flapped behind him, and raised a hand upwards.  Jessica felt the heat before she saw the fire form in his palm, just like the Ember man, but this time condensed to a white hot star.  The magical lines converged in a knot towards his hand as the fireball flared to life, but something was different about the way they had formed.  They lacked the hastiness of the lines conjured by the Ember.  And she had never realized that her sister's magical lines had been clumsy and mangled until she felt the order behind his.

And she would have appreciated it, had the fireball not been aimed directly at her face, and approaching with speed to rival an arrow.

She shrieked, the sound barely leaving her throat as she instinctively picked at his force lines, destroying their order like a rope spit into fraying ends.  The fireball singed the hairs on her right arm as it broke apart, erupting into a mass of less energetic flames that fanned around her and dissipated before they reached the gardens.

"Magic."  Whispered the man, finishing his sentence as she finished her shriek and the Yellow-Feather trilled with excitement, "Now the real question is this- does she want to learn how to do more?"

"You can't just do that!"  Shouted Jessica, standing on the wall and massaging her burnt arm, "You can't just throw fire at me on my own property!  Or anywhere!  I'll have the city guard on you.  They have *gifteds* among their ranks, trained to deal with people like you, and they'll lock you up for years."

"You didn't answer my question, my dear.  Do you want to learn more?  Maybe humble that sister of yours?  Show your family who the real special one is?"  Said the man, turning his back on her and beginning to walk down the street.

"No, I don't want anything to do with you!  And how do you know about my sister?  Stay away from my family, you, you creep!" 

"Suit yourself, my dear.  But if you should change your mind, I'll be at Gemini's tavern four days from now.  Precisely an hour after the sun has set.  It's been quite a while since I've had a beer that I've truly enjoyed, and I hear they're the closest to my favorite in the east.  I'm sure I'll be disappointed.  Anyway, ask for Cesaro."

Then he continued to walk down the street, leaving her standing alone on the wall top, her estate behind her and the world before her.  Just before he turned the corner she heard him speak to the bird one last time.

"Good thing you were right, Herald.  What a mess that would have been if she had been the *wrong* Jessica."

***
https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3uxq3y/life_magic_chapter_6/Chapter 1 found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

***

**Chapter 2, Jessica**

"Father!"  Cried Jessica on entering her family's estate, dashing through the gardens and bursting through the front door, "Father, I'm *gifted*!"

"Is that so, Jessica?" Asked her father, frowning as he read over a letter, one from his brother in Lisera.  Lisera was the capital of Angels, those gifted with power over the element Air, and their current city was one of its smaller sisters. 

"Father, I'm serious." Said Jessica, stomping her left foot. Above her she could hear her sister's lessons, lessons that she had never been able to participate in. Lessons that made Alina special among the two daughters. 

"Alright Jessica, show me what you can do."  He said, his eyes still on the letter. 

"Watch me first!" She demanded, and he looked at her, his eyes full of amusement. Amusement that was seldom replaced by the pride that welled up when Alina entered the room. 

Taking a breath, and with her tongue slightly out of her mouth, Jessica focused on the letter on the table. It looked so light, so easy to move, and all she would need was a slight breeze. A puff of air. A feat that even the lowest of the gifted could manage with ease. 

Which was fortunate, for though they were gifted, none of the members of Jessica's family were exemplary in the art. They possessed enough to retain their noble name, or to never be called into war, but their skills were suited best as leisure entertainment or party tricks. Tricks that kept their status above nearly the entirety of the city. 

Of them her father was the most skilled, and he proudly presented the two knobs at his shoulder blades to support that fact.  Only the best grew wings, and though his were only buds, they only added to his status. 

As Jessica focused of the paper, she closed her eyes. *Blow*, she thought, wrapping her fingers into fists. *Blow*. 

And her heart leapt as she heard the paper skidding across the tabletop. 

"See, Father!" She exclaimed, "See-"

But as she opened her eyes, she saw her father's finger pushing the paper along the table, a teasing smile on his face. 

"It's alright Jessica," he said, "Not everyone is gifted. You'll find your spot in the world."

She knew what that meant. It meant finding a husband of nobility, or rich, or suitable for her hand by other means. It meant waiting years, and it meant depending on others. 

"But I did use magic father,"  she said, suppressing tears that had flooded her eyes at the trick, "I was attacked on the way here. By an Ember man. And I got away."

"You? Against an adult Ember? Jessica, you must at least make your tales believable. And what's this, why is your basket empty?  Where is the food for dinner?"

"I hit the Ember with it."

Her father's face muscles tightened as his smile disappeared, and he looked down at her. 

"I'll tolerate fools play, and I'll tolerate pretend, but I won't tolerate lies to cover up you skirting your chores. Now dinner will be late tonight, because I'll have to send your mother to the market. Upstairs.  To your room, Jessica.  Up!"

Though she protested, and though she cried, her father refused to change his stance. So she stomped up the stairs, her golden braid swinging wildly as tears fell from her face, and she slammed the door. 

She wasn't invited to the late dinner. And for the next hour, she heard the wisps of air current from the room next door, where her sister practiced her gift, and the praise of her tutor as she blew out candles. 

***

**This is chapter 2. Be sure to check out THE NEXT 30 chapters, Life Magic on WATTPAD. It is on that site for your convenience because chapters are easy to find. Don't worry, it's free**
https://www.wattpad.com/204898323-life-magic-chapter-1-emberHi everyone!  I'm stickying this post to show everyone what I am currently working on and add some potential dates.

Each week I will try to update this.

##**Published Books:**

**:  When an asteroid strikes a colonial ship, the inhabitants must learn to survive without technology or perish**

**. Also available in Audiobook!  Frederick Galvanni is the thief of the century, but it's not the first time he has claimed the title.  For inhabitants of this world, reincarnation is the norm, and they are reborn in the country that they die.**

**:  Caleb is struck blind in a freak accident, but finds that he can see more than anyone else when it comes to fighting demons.**

*******

##**Upcoming Novels:**

**GOAL**:  1 book every 4 months on average.

*****

:  I'm looking to get this one published.  Life Magic is going to be the best of all my work- I've spent *far* more time on this than anything else (10 years).  35% (60 chapters) of book 1 is online, which is maybe only 5% of the total. 

Intro: There exist seven forms of magic.  And there exist six races, each given mastery of one of the forms and a basic understanding of the others.  Together they built great cities, were ruled by great kings, and raised great wonders.  After centuries of peace and good fortune, old forces begin to stir, and the locks on ancient cages begin to loosen.

As the world teeters on the edge of chaos, only a precious few directed by the veiled hands of a mysterious puppeteer can stop the forces of Death-forces exiled into the darkness, with a ravenous lust for revenge.  Join these crusaders as they discover the hidden histories of the land, the magic and, most importantly, the hidden histories within themselves.


Genre: Fantasy

Percent Completed: 50% written.  Much more planned

***********
 
**The Gates, Book 2, Tentatively Named THE DEVIL's IN THE DETAILS**:  Working on getting this out, but due to the popularity of The Bridge and Star Child, it might take me a bit longer than anticipated.  I have not forgotten about it.

Genre: Urban Fantasy/Horror

Intro:  Caleb may have locked the doors of Hell once, but the demons have found cracks.  The Lord of Death soon finds his grandmother was more valuable than he thought.

Percent Completed: 10 %

*****************

:  Working to have this finished in 5 weeks but that's ambitious as all hell.  Aiming at 60 chapters. Cover is in the works from the same illustrator as The Bridge

Genre: Superhero

Intro:  When superpower depends on the region where one is born, the first child born in space introduces an unknown power into this world.

Percent Completed: 40-50%


**********

**The Bridge, Book 2, Tentatively Named THE WELL or THE ISLAND**:  This will cover early life on the new planet as well as Cassandra, one of the scientists on Earth after Dandelion 14 departed, and why Dandelion 14 left in the first place.  Right now I think The Bridge will be 3 books total but it depends how much time I want to spend on certain details.

Percent Completed: 10%.  Still refining the plot“Oh God,”  I complained back in the apartment, “Oh God, I don’t think there’s anywhere I don’t hurt.”

“You did sign up for this,”  Answered Geoffrey, sipping from a protein shake we had found ready on the counter after training, “And you should have listened to Ivan when he said to duck.”

We were in the therapeutic hot tub in our apartment, which had been behind the glass door noticed from the first day. Geoffrey nursed a hand that he had suffered a particularly hard punch in training, while I nursed the eye that had been on the receiving end of that punch.

The class schedule was not unlike high school, except that instead of ending at three they ended at ten.  And instead of *History*, *English*, or *Music*, general classes took the form of *Armed Fighting*, *Grappling*, and *Military Tactics*.  Then there were individualized classes, specialties for each individual recruits.  For Alexander, the top hackers in the industry headed his classes, men and women who had spent years in jail before being scooped up by the government for confidential projects. For Geoff, he attended twice as many martial arts and combat classes, soon rising to the top of the class in the more pugnacious categories.

And me, I was designated to learn a bit of everything, sitting in on the different classes and observing the members at work.  There was Irene, who had a talent for languages, and had already picked up eight on her own.  Now, she was working on four more.  And there was the girl with pink shoes I remembered from the first day, who stance gave her presence despite her short stature, and whose specialty was psychology, concerning in depth details to body language cues and influence tactics.  Her name was Nataly, and I found her classes to be the least entertaining- hours of watching film, or looking for visual clues in pictures, or classifying people based upon their attributes.

Until, six weeks into the program, the sparring matches began.

“We have drilled six weeks straight,”  Said Ivan, “But drilling can only take you so far.  Ivan has taught you to throw, to punch, to kick, and to break.”  He rubbed his mammoth hands together at the last word, smiling,  “And now it is time for you to show Ivan what you have learned.”

He hung a bracket on the side of the gym, paring off those that he thought were closest in skill.  Geoffrey versus me.  Irene versus Lisa, whose marksmanship and home state of Tennessee had already earned her the nickname of “Crockett”.  And Alexander, the largest in the class, versus Nataly, the smallest.

Geoffrey and I went first, circling around the padded ring as the rest of the class watched, our eyes watching each other’s hips for tell tale signs of footwork changes.  He struck first, circling closer and wrapping my shirt in his wands, attempting to sweep behind my right leg in a classic judo throw.  I countered the attack with my own, copying his move to remove the pressure on my right leg.  But he had been prepared and twisted, pulling me closer by my arm as he crouched, rolling me across his back and onto the ground.  Before I could recover he was on top of me, struggling for control of my right arm, before bending it across his groin in a bar.  

But before I could tap out and surrender, he released the hold, switching his weight to my other arm, twisting the hand backwards such that my wrist painted the ground and pain shot up my forearm.  I jerked, trying to buck him off, but he applied pressure and Ivan’s whistle sounded.

“Well done, well done.”  Ivan said, as Geoffrey gave a last twist before rising to his feet, “But next time, be swift, Geoffrey.  There is no need to draw it out.”

Then it was Irene and Lisa, a long battle with several stalemates that Ivan judged the winner after ten minutes, choosing Irene.  Then Alexander squared off against Nataly, crossing his feet in a classic error as he shuffled, while Nataly’s shoes flashed across the mat.  Alexander lumbered forward, swooping a hand down in an attempt to snag her ankle, but her feet were too fast and she fluttered away.  Already his breathing was struggling as her chest barely rose and fell, and she danced in circles around him as he continued to tire.  He made another lunge at her, his hand trying to catch her elbow, but he missed.

And in his recovery time, she was behind him, a streak of pink sweeping away his left leg and taking him to the ground.  In seconds it was over, him tumbling forward, and her wrapping a fist around his collar in a choke hold as Ivan's whistle sounded.

The rest of the matches followed swiftly, most of them close, the amateurish techniques fumbled over in an attempt to gain the upper hand.  And towards the end, as the bracket neared the top, only two remained.

Geoffrey, whose longest match had lasted two minutes with me.  And Nataly, whose quick footwork and reaction time had rendered her untouchable to every opponent.

They stared at each other as Ivan had them shake hands.

“Do we really need to do this?”  Said Geoffrey, staring down at Nataly.

“Scared?”  She responded, her expression stone, and her short blond ponytail extending over her shoulder.

Then Ivan’s whistle blew, and the match began.

Geoffrey took an immediate lunge at the knees, but Nataly danced away before he moved, anticipating the move.

“Gotta be faster than that,”  She said, “With all those extra classes, this should be easy for you.”

With a grunt he leapt forward again and she laughed as he missed, his fingers barely brushing her skin.

“This will be short,”  He answered, face red.

“I bet that’s what all your past girlfriends said too!”  She retorted as the watching recruits laughed, and she ducked to avoid a punch, the red of Geoffrey’s face deepening, “Was that before or after the acne started?  Looks like you’ve gotten rid of most of it, but with all of the exercise, I think it’s coming back!  Is that why you look at your reflection in the spoon each morning after breakfast, and you constantly touch your face? That’ll only make it worse- right there, across your jawline, looks like it is starting back up.”

For a second, Geoffrey froze, his eyes wide.  Then he charged with his shoulder lowered, his training forgotten, relying on sheer mass to win the fight.  But before he connected, there was a flash of pink, extending from the ground to Geoffrey’s jaw, the laces plowing into the bone.

Ivan’s whistle blew when Geoffrey fell to the ground, and Nataly landed in a crouch, her ponytail swinging behind her.

I still remember Ivan raising her hand in the air, after she had won the battle I lost.  And I still wonder what her potential would have been if she had taken the pill all those years ago like the rest of us, and her eyes were opened like ours were.  And whether she too would have gone insane.

***
Hey guys/gals, I'm feeling pretty sick today .  I'll try to get the next part out tomorrow but it was real difficult to write this part today, and I think it's not as good as the others.  I want to make sure I can do it justice.  Sorry and thanks. 
 - Leo
***

Part 5 https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/4tjouj/wp_a_drug_has_been_outlawed_decades_ago_that_has/

**Part 5 coming soon.  To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.  Be sure to check out my most popular story, , while you wait.***Six toddlers waited in front of the square television, leaning in to try and see through the waves of static that flickered across its archaic screen.  The sound only worked through one of the speakers, the other producing a distracting vibration as the electrical impulses failed to reach its coils, and the toddlers’ faces puckered in consternation as they tried to discern the words.  For six weeks they’d traded stashes of cookies, apple juice, and cigarettes to pay off the other inmates for exclusive television channel rights between the hours of seven and eight, and where the screen had been occupied by cartoon characters it was now displaying political ones.  

The toddlers watched in silence as the world council’s version of C-Span materialized, the headline streaked across the bottom of the screen, and a speaker began reading into the microphone.  

“We, the members of the world council, declare the the Alani’s petition to be in accordance with the World Right’s Initiative, and that it will be signed into law at eleven hundred hours tomorrow morning.  From that point in time, the proceedings will be forwarded to Alani’s lawmakers, to continue the will of the council.”

One toddler stood up from the mangled couch, disentangling his orange prison pants from the ends of metal springs sticking through the cushions, and limped in front of the television.  He met the eyes of each of the other five, crossed his arms across his chest, and spoke.

“It’s time.”


*****

**Six months before**

After my third or fourth reincarnation, I expected the joys of youth to fade away.  I thought that my tongue would become too sophisticated to the pleasure of children’s candy, that I would instead only opt for more elegant sweets.  I thought that the innocence of a body’s first kiss would be eroded by the lust in lives before it, and that I would only be able to read advanced novels, or enjoy movies designed for an older audience.  But in no way was this true.

Despite the presence of prior memories, children’s enjoyments come from their present bodies and minds.  Right now, my favorite show was Scooby Doo.  Chocolate was my crack and sugar my cocaine.  

And in a prison full of children, this made sweets currency.

I met Homer three days out of the nursery, when I was assigned my own cell.  In my time in the nursery, I had just barely learned to walk- I could hobble, in a fashion, by holding my dead leg straight and using it like a pivot point.  It wasn’t fast, but it worked, and I couldn’t sustain it for long.

But Homer, glorious ten year old, big boned, lumbering Homer was my solution. 

“Welcome to block C.”  Said Homer, leaning against the outside bars of my cell, his voice stuttering through a memorized script.  “Being the oldest in the block, I am the inmate residential advisor.  All problems should be reported to me, and I shall report them to the guards.  Do you have any questions, inmate?”  

He stared at me, the single light bulb hanging from the ceiling of my cell high above buzzing and illuminating the half eaten candy bar in his hand.

“Yeah, where in fucking hell did you get that?”  I pointed to the candy bar with my grubby fingers, my voice slurring words that my mouth was only just becoming accustomed to saying.

“This?”  Said Homer, and held up the bar.

“Yes, Sherlock, obviously the bar.”

“It’s payment for my station,”  He said, waving the bar outside my cell in a taunting fashion.  Part of me, the two year old part, wanted to scream how unfair it was.  Wanted to kick Homer in the shins and take the bar for myself.  But the other part, the part rooted in my past lives, slowly regained control of my consiousness.

“Oh, that’s nice.  But it’s just a candy bar.  *I* have a cookie.”

I fished in my pocket and pulled out a hardened cookie, crumbs falling off it as I raised into the air.  I’d saved it from lunch- each prisoner was given one with their meal, and I secretly suspected it was a cheap way for the prison to supply calories to the developing bodies.

The candy bar stopped halfway to Homer’s mouth, and he stared.  Cookies were the only form of universal currency in the prison - they were standardized, Carcer’s form of a consumer price index.  Everyone knew a quarter cookie could buy one cigarrette.  Two would get you an hour alone with the collection of dirty magazines the inmates in block D has stolen from the guards.  Ten, and you were in the 1%.

“Yeah?  What’re you going to do with it?”  Said Homer, his eyes on the chocolate chips, caramel smeared around the edges of his mouth.

“Oh, I don’t know, maybe eat it.”  I said, raising it to my mouth and just stopping as his expression turned to panic, “Or, you know, maybe you could have it.  If you could help me out, of course.”

“With what?”  He asked, his eyes narrowing but still dodging upwards to the cookie.

“Whenever I need to go somewhere, you carry me there.  I can’t walk on my own, and I need help.  I’ll give you one cookie for every four days of work.”

“One for every two days.”

“Three, and it’s a deal.”

“Done,”  He said, and he reached between the bars.  I handed him the cookie, and within seconds it followed the same path as the candy bar, crumbs littering the ground outside my cell door.

So Homer became my chauffer, and his shoulders my driver seat.  And Homer helped me explore the prison, and begin my search for ten souls among hundreds, hiding behind new faces and names.

But just as the body never forgets that a child loves cookies, and Scooby Doo, and being tickled, there are things the soul never forgets.  Sometimes they’re trivial- a favorite color, an expression or idiom still used centuries after it has lost its relevance, or a tick in the personality.

But they’re always there.

And they're my only way to find the ten.

***
***
***

###

***
***
***If you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

****

**Chapter 4, Jessica**

“Father, I want to go to Laddergate.  Priscilla says I have a chance.  And application letters are due soon.”  Said Alina, her hands steepled on the table in front of her, and her private tutor Priscilla who had joined the family for dinner on her left.

“Laddergate, eh?  I always knew my little girl was special.”  Jessica's father smiled, and patted Alina on the shoulder.  Underneath the table, his other hand found and clasped Jessica’s mother’s, while Alina beamed.

“Oh she is special,”  Said Priscilla, nodding her head and causing both of her chins bounce and dust to fall from her gray hair, “And if anyone in this family ever had a chance at getting accepted, it would be her.  What a great honor it would be, having someone from our city, from Lorai,  among their alumni.  It *is* the best school in all of Corpia.  She’ll come back to you a new woman.”

“Laddergate?”  Asked my mother, “Are you sure that you wouldn’t be more interested in the Angel’s Academy?  Or the local school?  That’s quite the commitment.”

“Yes mother,”  Said Alina, the words coming back like a melodic routine, “Like Priscilla said, it’s the best.  I don’t care how far away it is.  Plus I won’t only learn air magic there- they teach the other elementals too!  Neither you nor father know any of the other elements, and Laddergate is the closest school that will teach them.  And the most respectable.”

“She’s right,”  Said Priscilla, as Jessica’s father nodded, “A basic knowledge of all four elements is a true sign of nobility.  All of Lorai will be jealous.”

“We’ll see,” Jessica’s father said, “We’ll see.”  He squeezed her mother’s hand, and he had that twinkle that always filled his eyes before bringing his daughters home a present.

“Can I be excused?”  Jessica asked, pushing away her plate, hardly any of it eaten.

“Sure, Jessica,”  Said her father, turning back to Priscilla, “How many years would it be to graduate?”

She didn’t hear the answer to the question as she slipped out of the kitchen and walked towards the front door, heading out into the gardens.  She treaded along the small gravel path, passing rows of blooming flowers, small fruit trees more for show than for taste, and came to the wall that separated our estate from the outside city.  There was a small ladder that our gardener used to clip the tops of the hedges and fruit trees, and she climbed the rungs, sitting atop the stone wall with her back against the gate.

Her estate was near the center of the city, and from her vantage point the rest of the city sloped downward.  Row upon row of buildings stretched in a descending rainbow before her, each constructed from variations of Airstone, a form of pressed powdered rock made lighter by bubbles aerated into its inner structure, and dyed different colors by metal and gas additives under heat.  The market was closing in the distance, and above it the sun had nearly dropped beneath the rounded mountaintops on the horizon.

Lorai had always been her home.  She knew it was one of the smaller cities of Corpia, and tiny in comparison to Lisera, where her father had brought her to meet their family.  But to her, Lorai was the most important.  But now that her sister was leaving, and that now she would be stuck there alone with the family until an adequate suitor came by to liberate her, it felt more like a cage.  

She sighed and tossed her braid on the other side of the wall, listening to the remnants of conversation from inside the house.

“Excuse me, Miss?”  The voice came from the outside of the wall and she jumped, whirling to see the figure of a middle aged man.  He leaned heavily on a curved cane and she noticed a limp as he approached, and a perfectly white smile underneath a black mustache to match his hair.  

“Um, yes?”  She said, squinting to make him out in the thickening darkness.  She had failed to notice the man approach, or hear the tap of his cane on stone, though the road leading up to her house was straight for at least thirty yards.

“Is this the Falcon estate?”  He asked, looking up the wall to the gate.  Had he walked just a few more paces, he would have seen the family insignia wrought in iron- that of a falcon with its wings spread, an eagle in its talons, and a crown in its beak.  The eagle represented an old feud with the Eagles, a rival family in Lisera, while the crown was the only remaining memory of her family's brief stint in royalty some four hundred years before.

“Yes. it is.  Can I help you?” 

“Yes, yes.  You see, I’m looking for a girl who lives here.  She’s *gifted*, blond, young.  About this tall.”  He held out a hand, and the cane balanced on its end.

“Oh, you must mean Alina.”  Said Jessica, with a huff, “She’s inside.  Want me to get her?”

“Erm, no.  Actually, I was looking for a, Jessica?  That’s right, it’s Jessica?”  He asked, turning to his side, where a bird perched on his shoulder.  One that had blended into the twilight and she had missed.

The Yellow-Feather trilled, and he flashed his perfectly white smile again.

“Yes, a Jessica.  Could you get her instead?”

***

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3ut793/life_magic_chapter_5/Hey everyone! Free shit, yo!

**Two of my books are free today!**

****, which is about a world where you are reincarnated in the same nation you died.  The main character is the greatest thief of the century, and is sentenced to ten lives at maximum security prison.  Only that might be exactly what he wants...

****, which is my Horror novel, and is about a young blind child that seems to see more than anyone else.  There's another layer under this world, a sinister one, and only he can stop it.

In addition, **** and moves back to $4.99 soon!  If you aren't reading Star Child already, it's about a world where superpowers come from birth location, but only the rich and powerful have access to prized sites!

Enjoy, and have a great lazy Sunday!

LeoHey everyone!  If you've been waiting for the audiobook, you can listen to a sample to it and find it here.

Audible: https://www.audible.com/pd/Sci-Fi-Fantasy/Star-Child-Audiobook/B077H1FFBM

Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/Star-Child-Places-of-Power/dp/B077GY6T4T/

Wishing you the best, and hope you enjoy it!

Leo

***

Paperback still on the way!Wind drives the storm.  And the storm drives me.

“Where are we going?”  I asked after the second day of walking, the jar open on a rock before me as I rested.

“Home,”  Came the voice from the jar, dark thunderclouds swirling within, “The storm.  My temple.”

“And where is that, exactly?”

“The northern cliffs, that overlook the sea.”

“The Alaini cliffs?  That’s a thousand miles away!  I can’t walk that far, I’ve never been more than fifty miles from my farm.  Actually, *this* is the farthest I’ve been from my home.”

“And you walk like there’s anchors tied to your feet.  You shuffle like a sheep.  You’re no longer a sheep, boy.  Now you glide.”

I laughed, holding up my hands.  Dark red scars spiderwebbed across my forearms, areas where the lightning are carved itself like tattoos into my body.  And at night, when it was darkest, those scars had shimmered an electric blue as currents rode under my skin.

“Glide?  Hah, I can’t *glide*.  I’m not like you!”

“You’re right,”  He rumbled, the jar vibrating, “But that’s a momentary problem.  And the storm is not static.”

Then the jar howled, wind rushing from its mouth like a trumpet, a single note that pierced the sunny sky.  I held my hands to my ears, screaming, but the tone drowned out my own voice as it shook my bones.

Then the note fell away, echoes of it remaining, reverberating across the land.  And the sky grew dark, clouds rushing from the corners of my periphery, combining and joining to grow in size, purpling and towering above me.

“What- What’s going on?”  I stuttered, stepping back from the jar.

“You must be the storm.”

“What does that mean?  What are you talking about?”

Above, the last ray of sunlight fell away.  And the storm clouds growled in anticipation.

“This again?  Is this your idea of exercise after being couped up so long in that jar?”  Water started pouring down my neck, though I could not tell if it was rain or sweat.

“You must be the storm.”  Repeated the Storm Lord

“I heard you the first time,”  I retorted, as the blackness closed in.

“You must *be* the storm.”  

“Stop, I get it, I get it, stop!”

“Be the storm!”

And with those words, the storm spiraled downward in all its ferocity.  I felt my mouth forced open, and my head tilted back, as the fury rushed inside me, filling me with energy.  A twister formed at my mouth, a giant funnel as my skin felt as if it would burst, and as the last remnants of the storm disappeared within me, I knew I could take no more.

The storm raged within me, the scars on my body exploding in blue light, competing with the sun for brilliance.  And I raised my hand, knowing I had to release the energy or risk destruction from the terrible force withing me.  I pointed to a nearby tree, my wrist crackling like a whip as it came to a halt, my hair on end as the charge coursed through me.

Electricity shattered the tips of my fingers, combining to form a bolt of lightning that arced towards the tree, splitting the trunk in half on impact.  The smell of Ozonerose in the air, as I raised my other hand and howled, my voice one with the storm, disintegrating a mighty oak on my left side as if it were made of powder. 

Beneath me, the ground shook, and above me, the heavens cowered.  I alone was in command.  I alone held *power*.

“You *are* the storm.”  Came the voice from the jar, “And now we glide.”

Thick, nearly black clouds formed at the balls of my feet, lifting me several inches into the air.  And behind me, the wind swept forward, carrying me like a hurricane to my destination.

North.

***

Part 3: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/43gcc6/stormjar_chapter_3/**Hi!  If you're coming over fromor the front page, welcome!  Here is a list of all the writing I have done on reddit- I hope you enjoy it!**

***

**I'm giving away a kindle fire tablet preloaded with two of my novels! All you have to do is vote for chapter one of  on wattpad by Dec 16 to enter! Registration is super easy and you'll love the story. I'm drawing a winner by the end of this week and if the story wins then it becomes an episode of a tv show!**



***

For those wondering, I consider my greatest work to be  
.  It's thirty chapters and counting!  Click the link to get it for free on wattpad. Otherwise, scroll down to read my stories posted to Reddit. 

***

**Writing Prompt Multi-Parters**

***















****
**Bittersweet/Emotional/Stories intended to be beautiful/Have a message**

***






















****
**Twilight Zone-ish**

***














****

**Comedic**

***

























****
**Horror**

***






























****
**Symbolic/Easter Egg stories**

***
















****
**Fairy Tale**

***














**Stories Available on the Radish App**

***

To read my best work, download the Radish app for IOS where you can follow them as I write them.  New free chapters every week. [Radish]  (http://radishfiction.com/?a=LeoPetracci).  If you like my work, this is the greatest compliment you can give me.

**Fantasy**


**Paranormal**


**Horror**


****If you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

***

**Chapter 6, Jessica**

“Ooh, that must be the examiner!”  exclaimed Alina, running towards the door as soon as she heard the brass ring knocking against their front door.

Priscilla stood in the doorframe of the lounge, smiling as Alina rushed past her, and Jessica’s mother and father shared the couch.   Her father squeezed her mother’s hand, and her mother replied with a nervous smile and raised eyebrows.

Jessica herself occupied a cushioned chair across from where Alina had been sitting, arms crossed over her chest, and her face creased by a frown that had stained it for the last four days.  *Maybe I will go to Gemini’s tonight,*  she thought as Alina squealed at the door, but then shook her head.  *I should be happy for her.  I should be happy, and stay home tonight to celebrate, and be the daughter mother and father expect me to be.*

After their discussion at the dinner table, Jessica’s father and mother conceded to Alina’s pleadings and Priscilla’s praise.  That night they had completed a letter of application to Laddergate and Priscilla had hand delivered it to the headmaster of Wings, the local air magic school, who was a certified examiner for Laddergate admissions. 

 The headmaster had become certified at Laddergate twenty years ago, after failing the admission exam himself, in the hopes that one of his own pupils might attend after graduating from his own academy.  In that time, only one of his students had passed the Laddergate exam.  The headmaster commissioned the student’s name to be written in gold lettering on the side of Wings by a local calligrapher, where it had remained alone for the past twelve years, despite the student never graduating Laddergate.  

But as far as Wings' informational pamphlet for potential students was concerned, Wings now sent students to Laddergate.  And that was more than most schools could claim.

“This way, this way,”  said Alina, leading the examiner into the lounge.

“Scott and Mary, the Falcon estate welcomes you.  May you fly high.”  said Jessica’s father, rising to shake the examiner’s hand.  The muscles on the examiner’s hand barely tensed as their palms met, and he failed to make eye contact with her father as they shook.

“Gristh,” he mumbled, his square face failing to register a change in expression, and he set a medium-sized case on their low table, the word *Laddergate* engraved into the dark, stained wood.  He fumbled in his pocket while Alina rocked on her heels behind him, found a pouch containing a pair square of glasses in a style from before Jessica's birth, and fit them over his short nose where they barely managed to perch.  Alina’s rocking continued as he proceeded to straighten his clothes, flattening numerous wrinkles on his trousers that reappeared with insubordination as soon as his fingers had passed, and removed his coat that appeared to be held together by patches alone.

Then he flicked open four clasps set into the wooden case, colored grey, blue, red, and brown, ignored two faint indentations and screw holes where additional clasps had been but were now removed, and pulled out a folded yellow piece of parchment.

“You are being administered an initial test approved by Laddergate admissions,”  he began in a steady monotone. “This test in no way guarantees admission itself, and additional tests may be performed at the discretion of Laddergate off-”

“Enough, enough, Gristh.  I read it to her this morning.”  Interjected Priscilla. “She’s all ready.  Proceed if you will, let’s get past the formalities.”

“Is there anything you would like clarified before we begin?”   asked Gristh, looking to Alina.  Jessica marveled that his voice failed even the most minor of inflections as he asked the question.

“No, no sir.  Let’s get started.”

“Alright then,”  said Gristh, and folded the parchment. “Laddergate requires proficiency in one of the four elementals.  Which test will you be taking?”

“Air.  I’ll be taking air,”  said Alina.

“But she could likely pass any,”  said Priscilla, leaning over Girths shoulder.

“Let’s not get too far ahead of ourselves,”  said Jessica’s father, holding up his hand. “She will be testing for air.”

“Air it is then.”  said Gristh, and pulled a foot-long wooden rod along with a rounded base from the case.  He screwed the rod into the base, such that the rod rose vertical on the table, and then extracted a circular Airstone plate from the case, gray in color, and with a thick hole bored through its center.

“The object of the test,”  said Gristh, and dropped the doughnut so that the rod rose through the hole in the middle and it clattered against the base. “Is to raise the Airstone above the end of the rod.  This test may only be completed using Air magic- any use of Earth magic will result in immediate disqualification.  Do you understand?”

“Yes,”  said Alina, her tongue sticking out of the corner of her mouth. “Easy.”

“You have one minute, on my mark.”  said Gristh.  

Alina’s brow furrowed, and magical force lines grew around the base of the Airstone doughnut.  To Jessica, the lines were fuzzy at the edges, and they fanned out too far - some of the lines missing the Airstone entirely and looped over its top, where they would create air currents counter to the direction Alina would want.  

*Clumsy,* she thought, and pursed her lips.

“Begin,”  said Gristh.

The force lines snapped taut, and with a *whoosh* wind rushed around the room, billowing the curtains that covered the windows and blowing the folded parchment from the table.  The Airstone plate shot upward, propelled by a sudden pressure from underneath, cleared the end of the rod in under a quarter of a second and slammed into the ceiling before falling back to the table.

“Very good!”  said Priscilla and clapped her hands.

“Yes, good.  Eager, but good.  So concludes the tutorial,”  intoned Gristh, and removed another object from the case, this one much smaller than the other equipment.  “Do you know what this is, young lady?”  he asked, holding it up.

The entire room leaned forward, including a reluctant Jessica, to see the object in his hand.  It was a loop of wire, slightly thicker than a human hair and silver in color.

“A ring?”  asked Alina.

“Yes, young lady, but not just a ring.”  and for the first time pitch crept into his speech,  “This is a ring made from *Vrael*, which in case your lessons have not yet covered it, is a magic dampener - an extremely rare and expensive absorber of all things magical.  Slip this ring on, and the metal will attempt to consume all magical energies you produce.  How you perform with this ring, or rather this set of rings, will determine your first test score.”

He pulled nine more rings from the wooden case, and set the on the table.  Each identical, and one for each finger.

Alina donned the first ring, and Jessica watched as the force lines lost their shape, contorting themselves in the direction of the metal.  

“Begin,”  said Gristh, and wind once again filled the chamber.  But this time, the Airstone plate barely cleared the top of the rod before clattering to the table.

Alina frowned and donned another ring, and Jessica watched her face contort as some of the magical lines embedded themselves into the metal.  

*I could help,*  thought Jessica. *I could straighten them out.  I could help her pass.*  

But then she saw the look of anticipation on her father’s face, and held back her interference.

The plate rose, fell, then rose again to scrape over the edge of the rod, and Alina exhaled heavily.  Then she donned the third ring, and each of the magical lines circled away from the base of the Airstone and back to the rings on her fingers.

“Begin,”  said Gristh, and the Airstone rattled on its base.  But it did not rise.  Alina’s face fell as Gristh produced a pen and wrote a large three on a card from in the box, under a portion labelled *Test 1*. 

“One more try,”  she pleaded. “I lost focus.”  

“It’s against protocol-”

“Gristh, let the girl show her talent,”  said Priscilla.

“Fine,”  mumbled Gristh. “But no more after this one.  Begin when ready.”

Alina began to focus, but the lines remained contorted, unyielding, and Jessica saw tears beginning to form in her sister’s eyes.  With an effort of will, Jessica coaxed the lines away bit by bit from the *Vrael*, where they clung together like tarred cord, and back to the Airstone until the plate began to rise and currents of air filled the room.

Gristh squinted as the Airstone moved, looking around the room at each of them through the thick panes of his glasses.  And Jessica released the lines as his gaze fell on her, turning to hide her blush as the plate fell.

“So concludes the first test,”  Gristh said, and gathered the rings from the table. “Now onto the second.”

Gristh removed ten more rings from the wooden case, setting them in place of the *Vrael* ones.  Picking one of them up, he showed it to the room, his voice taking the same quality it had when introducing the *Vrael*.

“These rings are made from *Atriel*, *Vrael’s* opposite and sister metal.  Where *Vrael* absorbs and dissipates magic, *Atriel*  concentrates it.  Your task, while wearing the *Atriel* rings, will be to raise the Airstone plate from the table and thread it back through the rod.  Understood?”

Alina nodded, and put the first of the rings on.  As she began to concentrate, Jessica felt the magical lines grew rigid, vibrating with an intensity similar to strings on an instrument.

“Begin,”  said Gristh, and the Airstone exploded up from the table and decelerated just over the rod, thrumming with energy.  It jolted left, then right, then left again violently like the wheel of a ship in heavy storm, before Alina released it and gravity pulled it to the base.

She added another ring while Gristh removed the Airstone, and waited for his command.

“Begin,”  he said.

Priscilla barely had a chance to duck before the Airstone hurtled toward her.  With the addition of the second Atriel ring, Alina lost control over the plate, which shattered against the wall where Priscilla's head had been moments before.  Wind coursed through the room, spraying the Airstone dust over them all, and raising a coughing fit from Gristh.

Removing his pen, he wrote a large two on the card, under *Test 2*.

“You have reached the end of the admittance test, with a score of five out of a possible twenty for novice level strength and control.  Laddergate thanks you for your participation, and will send you your results by letter at the end of the application period.”  he said, and began packing away the testing equipment.

“Was that good enough?”  asked Alina, holding onto the *Atriel* rings.

“It all depends upon how the other applicants score,” Said Gristh, avoiding her eyes.

“So it was good then?”

“It was *excellent*,”  said Priscilla, “That plate hit the wall with more force than I’ve ever seen in all my lessons!”

Jessica’s father frowned at that statement, and Alina turned to him.

“I did well, didn’t I, Father?”

He paused, considering his words, and Alina’s face reddened.

“Well it’s not like anyone else in this family could do better!  I'll still uphold the family name no matter how well I score on a test!”  she snapped, looking at Jessica.  Then she stomped from the room, Priscilla hurrying after her as her father sighed.

Jessica’s arms tightened across her chest and her hands formed fists at her father’s continued silence.

Tonight, she decided, she was going to Gemini’s.

***

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3v37v9/life_magic_chapter_7/As I mentioned, every one of the insane had insane room mates.  All, that is, except for two.

Myself and Nataly.

We were together when the incident occurred, sharing my bed.  Geoffrey had started dating her room mate, Mika, and was over at her apartment.

“People are starting to notice,”  Said Nataly as we lay together, “I’m not keeping up with the class.  Everyone has been improving except for me.  Tomorrow, I think I’ll take the pill.  It’s only helped you, and it will only help me.”

“Does anyone else know?”  I asked, my arm under her shoulders like a pillow, her hair draped across my hand.

“No one,”  She answered, her blue eyes staring up at the ceiling, “And no one ever will, I-”

The gunshot cut Nataly off, exploding into the room, the thin wall on our right doing little to muffle the sound.  She jumped as I threw the blankets away, leaping off the bed, my feet hitting the floor right as the second shot cracked through the air.  

“What’s going on?”  She shouted as the screams started and I opened the door.

“Going to find out!”  I shouted back as she threw her clothes back on, nearly stumbling over the pink sneakers in my path.  I slammed the door to the hall open so hard it bounced off the wall, just as the room across from me opened and I saw Lisa rush into the hall.

Twelve heavily armed guards swarmed the end of the hall outside of Alexander’s room, wearing bulletproof vests.   Two seconds later the door burst open and Geoffrey stumbled out, a pistol in his hand and blood seeped into his shirt.  

He yelled in surprise as he collided with the guards, his eyes widening in realization as the gears in his minds began to turn.

And his fighting became art.

A fist and an elbow shot out, catching one guard in the throat and another in the eye, sending both sprawling.  He stepped to the side to dodge a blow, his footwork impeccable, and lashed out with his heel against the side of a guard's knee and was met with and enraged scream.  He moved fast, faster than any human should, a blur of motion that turned the guards to mannequins in comparison. He almost appeared as two seperate poeple, their movements overlapped and tied together in one body, yet independant.

But as quick as he was, and as skilled as he was, Geoffey was no match for the taser one of the guards jammed into his side, and the electricity that overrided his impulses.  He writhed on the floor as the sparks jumped to his skin, handcuffs applied to him before he could move, and twenty more guards on the scene before the pulled him to his feet.

A guard near the door pulled a cannister from his belt, and threw it into the room, slamming the door shut.  There was a *pop* followed by hissing, smoke issuing from the crack underneath the door, and frightened shouts from inside that quickly died down as the gas took effect and they were rendered unconscious.  

They dragged Geoff away, and he made eye contact with me down the hall, screaming before they rounded the corner.

"It's us or you.  You don't know the potential we have! You don't know, and you stand in our way! We know you're the only ones who can stop us, and we won't rest until you are dead. It's us or you! Gods and devils, but which is which?"

The unconsious bodies of four more students followed, four of the gaurds together carrying Alexander.  Then two more bodies were dragged out, bodies plastered with blood, bodies that no longer breathed.

Brickman and Maree.

By morning, they had successfully found the other six who had fallen insane, isolated them, cuffed them, and taken them away.  And by the end of the week, the announcement about the fate of the program was delivered.

“We regret to inform you that the program has been terminated,”  Said a representative in a white lab coat, “Each of you will be reintegrated into society, where you shall have an opportunity to live alongside the general population.  Your program was highly confidential, and much of its goals and purposes were coordinated by Brickman and Marie.  With their deaths, much of the information regarding the program has been lost, and as such it will no longer be continued. We wish you the best and appreciate your cooperation.”

Then the man nodded to us, folded the paper he had been reading from, and left the room.

And we left Eileen’s.

***

**Part 8 coming soon.**

**To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.  Be sure to check out my most popular story, , while you wait.***If you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

***

**Chapter 3, Jessica**

For four long years, Jessica watched as her sister's talent flourished.  Alina continued to be the pride of the family- she was always the first one introduced during dinner parties, and now that they were growing older, the first to catch the eyes of suitors.  And during those years, Jessica kept the sporadic development of her own talents to herself.

There was the time that she had been bartering for poultry at the market, for instance.

"Here you go, miss.  That was three pounds of meat, here is your change."

The merchant smiled and handed her four silver coins, but something about his attitude seemed *off*.  Maybe it was the was his eyes avoided hers, or the way he pushed the coins on her in a hurried manner.  

"That's it?"  She asked, keeping her hand outstretched against the wooden counter of the stall.

The merchant flushed a deep red before recovering himself.

"Are you calling me a cheat, miss?  I'll have you know that Hartsle, son of Gamei, son of Anches, of the ancient Huson house, is no cheat!"

"Fine,"  Said Jessica, her brows furrowed, leaving her hand outstretched.

"Take an extra copper, and be gone."  Said Hartsle, the merchant, practically throwing the coin at her.  It clinked down to the road below, and she sniffed, raised her head, and left it where it lay among the stones.

Two weeks later she saw Hartsle's stand being confronted by two members of the city guard, who later carried him away red faced and screaming.  According to rumor, Hartsle's scale had been weighing poultry heavy.

Hartsle, son of Gamei, son of Anches, of the ancient Huson house, had indeed been a cheat.

There were other occurrences as well.  Once, her mother had knocked a flower pot off of a window ledge with her elbow, and Jessica's hand had been ready to catch it before her mother even made contact with the pot.  And outside Jessica's window each morning, a Yellow-Feather, a bird native to parts a hundred miles south of her home, would wake her each morning with melodious song that had the neighbors speaking of good fortune to come that season.

Then, when she turned fifteen, Jessica noticed she could feel when her sister was in a lesson.  Each time the candles were extinguished, she felt something- something like a bird rushing overhead, or an object visible in the corner of her eye, or the tingling feeling on the back of her neck when she was being watched.   And when she turned sixteen, Jessica realized she could do more.

It was morning, just before breakfast, and Alina emerged from her room.  She looked normal- a dress she had worn prior that week, the same slippers, her eyes still a little droopy from sleep.  Except for her hair. 

“Alina,”  Said Jessica, her mouth open, “How did you do that?  What did you do?”

“This?”  Asked Alina, and gave her head a shake, showing the blond curls that were so similar to Jessica’s.  But now they were wavier, seeming to reflect off more light.  “It’s an air magic trick.  A way that you aerate your curls so that they fall more naturally.”

“It’s beautiful.”  Jessica said, “Can’t you do mine?”

“Sorry, Jess,”  Said Alina, “It’s a gifted thing.  Besides, your curls look fine just how they are.”

At breakfast, Jessica’s fists clenched under the table as she caught glimpses of Alina’s curls.  

“Father,”  She said, “Can’t you do my hair like Alina’s?  It takes air magic to do.”

“I’m afraid I don’t know how.”  Her father said, looking up from his meal, “Alina, can you?”

“Oh, I’m too tired today,”  She said, “Besides, I have a lesson, and I need to save my strength.”

“Alright then, she’ll do it tomorrow Jessica.”

“But Father!”  Said Jessica, “She won’t actually do it.  She’s just saying that.”

“Jessica,”  Warned her father, “It’s barely morning.  Do you really want to start this day with an argument?”

“But-”  

“That’s enough, Jessica.  Besides, you look beautiful just the way you are.”  He said, and continued eating.

When Jessica slammed her breakfast bowl on the counter when she was finished breakfast, her father sent her to her room while Alina hid a smile.

And from her room, Jessica *felt* her sister’s morning lesson beginning, felt the force lines that constituted air magic whirling around her.  And ever so slightly, each time her sister concentrated to blow out a candle, or levitate an inflated ball, Jessica picked at those force lines, just as she had with the Ember man.

Each time her sister tried to gather magic, the candlestick would clatter to the floor, or the ball would smack into the wall that separated them.  And once, when Jessica could firmly grasp the force lines, the wind whipped around Alina’s private tutor, nearly removing her dress.

“That’s enough for today, young lady.”  Came the shout from next door, “It’s remedial magic for you for the rest of the week.  Back to the basics.  And if I find out you’re doing this on purpose, it’ll be for the year!”

Jessica smiled as she heard Alina’s protests, and listened to the tutor trudging down the stairs.  Each morning after that, whenever Alina tried to do her own hair and Jessica was already awake, it was always just *slightly* off.

When Jessica awoke the next morning after her sister’s failed lesson, she noticed the Yellow-Feather bird was gone.

***

Chapter 4

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3uoho0/life_magic_chapter_4/Hey everyone, sorry but I've been super busy. I just have the link for you today, where there are several more parts to the story. Here you go:

https://leonardpetracci.com/2016/08/19/the-bridge-part-15/Chapter 1 found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 20, Cinis  Now  for easier reading should you prefer it.  If you use wattpad, those little stars are their equivalent of upvotes, so it would make my day if you clicked them should you like the chapter.**


It had been his uncle Rearden who had first shown Cinis the labyrinths beneath Querkus.  Like many of the city’s popular taverns and alehouses, Horsekick’s tavern kept barrels and casks underneath its foundation where one of the abandoned tunnels grazed the surface.  Below the surface, the temperature was lower, keeping the beer refreshingly cold.  Beverages aged in the ancient subterranean halls filled a man with warmth on even the coldest nights, and the connoisseurs claimed the air itself imbued a finer quality to the spirits.  So many establishments followed the practice that it was said a man could travel underground from the East to West gates of the city without developing a thirst, provided he survived.  

Unlike many of its competitors, Horsekick’s kept its merchandise deeper where the threat of thievery lessened and the barrels could fully absorb the forgotten tunnel’s memories.  Years before, Rearden had dismissed the rumors of the haunted nature of the corridors as he taught Cinis the way to their storehouse.  

“Fear”, he had said, “Is what keeps man from the sweetest of life’s nectars.  And rightfully so, for those who cannot appreciate them will taste only poison.”

As he grew older, Cinis had traveled further and further into the underground.  He had learned its secrets, touched its treasures, and beheld its art.  If Rearden had minded his venturing he had never acknowledged it, being content so long as Cinis was on time to his classes and completed his duties to the tavern.  Rarely was he ever late- the light in the walls always led him back safely where so many other travelers had lost their way.

But tonight, as Cinis walked back from the cellars carrying a prized bottle of wine Rearden had sold to a passing merchant, the walls tugged with an unnatural strength at hi.  He had been slow to notice, but as time passed the urgency grew stronger until he realized that his walk had turned to a jog, the wine sloshing unnoticed by his side.  And the singing began.

It started low, the notes almost too low to be picked up by his ears, minor notes rumbling through the tunnels and reverberating the bottle in his hands.  And as his feet quickened the song did too, an urgency entering the voice, drawing him forward.  Pulling at his spirit, his soul.  

As he ran a sense of foreboding swept over him.  Something was different- with the voice, though the same singer, and the direction. He was nearing the surface instead of descending and the corridors grew familiar, ones that he had traversed many times before. There was the broken statue of a long forgotten queen, holding blooming roses as snow fell about her, now rapidly departing behind him.  Another left turn and he passed though what he liked to call the Diamond Gate, a doorway carved entirely from hardened glass, two entwining dragons carved along the arch to meet in a snarling embrace at the uppermost point, from which water slowly dripped to the ground.

With legs racing to meet the drumbeat of both his clamoring heart and the song, and with increasingly labored breathing, he realized he was being taken back to the tavern. He took another turn at full speed as a flash of brown hair appeared, and he nearly collided against a woman leaning with her hand against the pole, jumping aside at the last instant so that he just brushed against her shoulder.

She spun with the force, her brown hair whipping in a graceful arc before resting at her shoulders, half obscuring two chestnut eyes that peered at him from underneath.  Tripping over the folds of her silver cloak, he lost his balance and tumbled into a nearby pillar.

“Are you alright?  You’re bleeding!”  A hand gripped Cinis' shoulder, preventing him from falling to the ground, and he looked up into her face.  For an instant the song screaming in his ears was silenced as a set of wide sapphire blue eyes blinked at him from underneath a veil of golden locks.  Her features were slim and fair, topped with a smooth face unnaturally creased with a frown.  The glowing walls cast a halo glow about her, her the cloak about her shoulders creating a shadow that stretched out like a wingspan, the sight rendering him speechless.

Cinis flushed, his face reddening as he looked down at his bloodied knuckles, and searching for the girl with brown hair he had originally collided with.

“I… I uh,”  he said, but then the tugging of the song resumed, and he forgot both his embarrassment and confusion in the encounter.

“I have to go!”  He jumped to his feet and took off again, as she called behind him.

“Wait!”

“Can’t!  Sorry!” He shouted over his shoulder, watching the last of her silver robe disappear behind a corner as the walls spurred him forward.

***************************************************************************

Jessica stooped, picking up an earring that had fallen out in the collision and now lay among shards of glass from the bottle of wine the boy had been carrying.   When it smashed, the red liquid had sloshed onto her cloak, ruining it from the knees down.   She turned over the glass to see the label.  Horsekicks tavern’s finest, *a blend of seagrapes and time*.  At least her stains were high quality.

Sighing, she started walking in the direction the boy had taken.  Already she had been lost for over two grueling hours, where the corridors seemed to warp her paths into circles. *I should have just left the palace by gate*, she thought, frowning.  But that would have attracted attention, and attention was one thing she could not afford to spare.  But now she could find her way out- his foot steps were easy enough to follow, tracking wine through the path the boy had taken.  Hopefully they led up.

With a cupped hand she tried wiggling her earring back into the lobe, but it stubbornly evaded the hole, refusing to slide back into the piercing.  *Curse this Vrael,* she thought.   The city was thick with it, but in the tunnels its presence was lighter and despite being lost, she found herself enjoying the brief reprieve from its oppression.  

Stopping at a cracked glass frame that had once held a painting long stolen, she ran her hands through her hair and inspected herself.  Everything seemed to be in order, and thankfully only one earring had fallen out, since trying to fit both back in would have been near impossible.  She squinted into her reflection, grimacing as she forced the disobedient point back into her earlobe, drawing blood twice before succeeding and with a click, it snapped into back into place.  Her reflection smiled and blinked, and its eyes flickered from azure to chestnut.

As she walked, she studied the wine wrapper again, reflecting on how she should pour herself a glass when she returned to the palace, maybe even using some quiet Air Magic to make it fizz.   There was a list of spices running down the paper that had been added to the wine, though she only knew about half of them.  And there were the names of the winery that had delivered the grapes, and under that, the signatures of those that had turned them into wine, fermented, and aged them.

*Rearden,* she read, then flipped the wrapper around as her heart stopped, *and Cinis.*If you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 12, Cinis**

The roots of Querkus stretched deep. Deep below the almost too carefully planned grid of streets, below the taverns, the whorehouses, and the palace, under the layers of grime accumulated from centuries of use and millennia of disuse, the roots smashed through the bedrock in a dizzying array of corridors and catacombs waiting to trap even the most careful of explorers. Where these tunnels stretched their fingers towards the surface their entryways were boarded up and sealed, only to have the cement barring their hole crack within weeks, and the wood splinter within the year.

It wasn’t the noise that drove the citizens of Querkus to close the tunnels, though with each autumn the wind whipped through the them like a howling instrument, issuing undulating notes onto the street. Nor was it the way small possessions seemed to disappear when the mouth of a tunnel was open too long, or the occasional child that went missing, only to find their tiny footsteps leading into the depths. Rather it was the light the walls of the tunnels gave off- a light whose color wavered through the spectrum like a visual birdsong, a light that cast no shadow from anything alive.  

To speak of the tunnels was to draw ill will from the spirits below, and only with several stiff drinks could information be pried away from the city inhabitants, and even then only in the brightest of daylight and on the clearest of summer days. Some said the tunnels extended a mile, others that they reached out to the sea, and some claimed that there was no end- that they mirrored the sky, and found no limit under the ground. But no law abiding citizen would speak of it, and certainly no one would reach the insanity, the outright audacity, to travel them.

Except, that is, for a single boy.

One that was sprinting downward at his top speed, wrapping a hand around marble pillars as he whipped around corners, nearly stumbling as he slid to a stop as a fork crossed his path. He cocked his an ear, his legs trembling and lungs heaving, the light glowing from the walls playing across his face in shimmering wavelike patterns as he listened, listened for the singing voice that drew him deeper into the tunnels.  

Then he heard it on his left, just at the edge of his perception, and he was running again. Right turn, left turn, left turn, right turn- he rushed with no heed to his direction, nor concern to how he would return, only fixation. Fixation on the voice he heard, the voice that was like a wisp in the wind, its distant singing reaching out to him through the gilded walls with words too faint to be understood. Life sized mosaics flashed over his shoulders as he ran, shattered scenes of days long past, while statues watched him pass with looks of stony contempt.

He gasped for air as he neared the source, spurring his legs forward with the newfound energy he always felt when he descended the deepest, an adrenaline like electricity that only ebbed when he returned to the surface. The voice increased in volume, like an opera singer in another language, the words intelligible yet beautiful. Then, as he reached another turn the voice crescendoed,his entire body vibrating with the sheer force of it as he took a final turn, and he ran with a will not of his own.

And the voice died, instantly extinguished like a fire submerged in water.

“Damn it!” He shouted, the words exploding from his throat with the last of his breath, leaning with his palm against the wall, the light curling about his fingers.

“Twelve times,” He panted, and kicked the wall, “Twelve times I’ve tried to find it, the source of the singing. Twelve times it’s lured me down here. Well that’s the last time I coming.”

He yelled now down the deserted hallway, his hands clenched at his side, as he repeated the words he knew to be a lie.

“You hear that? Next time I hear the singing, I’m not coming.”

And he began his stalk back to the surface.

This far underground, the halls were perfectly preserved, as thieves rarely risked descending to these levels and those that did rarely returned. The gems inlaid in the wall art were untouched, with no chisel marks and miniature potholes that characterized the upper floors. The statues were whole, unlike the increasing frequency of their toppled and crumbled counterparts above, and the floor untouched by the dirt and dust that blew down the tunnels but never seemed to permeate into the core.

He continued to climb, taking another path entirely than his descent, trusting his feet as they walked on the golden stone. And he wondered how the others had become lost in these tunnels, tunnels with a little practice were so easily interpreted by following the contours of light that stretched before him. He supposed that fear held the people back from seeing that which was obvious to him.

He barely glanced up as he reached an intersection- by now, the swirling colors were ingrained into instinct, and even with his eyes closed he could nearly feel them pulling him forward. With his face set into a frown, he trudged forward, and soon caught a scent of the city air- air that seemed to grow staler instead of fresher with each breath.

Ahead, sunshine peaked through around a bend, it’s steady glow drastically contrasting the glowing of the hallway, and prompting the return of his shadow. Here the walls had been pillaged bare by scavengers and even the sparkling floor tiles were removed to be polished into jewelry. Soon the tunnel collapsed and a wooden ladder led upwards through a grate, behind which several barrels marked the territory of a local brew house. Scaling the ladder shaft and removing the protective grating, he emerged into an empty courtyard.

Standing straight, he hastily brushed dust out of his chestnut hair, blinking his already squinting grey eyes to become accustomed to the sun. He shifted his belt, where two knives shifted in their hiding places underneath, and patted down his light brown clothes that signified a member of the common working class. Then he replaced the grating, but whispered into the deep before he left.

“You hear that? I’m not coming back.  Sing all you want, but I won't return.”

But he would. He always would. For that voice was Cinis' earliest memory.

****

Chapter 13 here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3wq7x1/life_magic_chapter_13/Chapter 1 found here in case you are just starting:
 https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 13, Cinis**

Cinis began walking west at a quick pace, for he was already late, and held his face in the direction of sun.   Far ahead of him reared the city wall, rumored to be as old as the city roots themselves, stretching into the sky as the rays of the sun flowed just above its ramparts.  For a moment, he forgot if it was daybreak or nightfall, and it seemed up to the lingering sun itself to decide whether it would rise or set.

In moments the boy dodged through a back alleyway and reached the door of a tavern, a sign high above proudly displaying “Horsekick’s”, and a small award for the best beer in Querkus tucked behind a window.

“Cinis!  You’re late!” fumed the old man when he entered.  The door of his study was ajar and a wizened head with patchy grey hair glared above a sheet of yellowed parchment at Cinis.  Wrinkles cut into his skin and a scar laced along the contour of his right eyebrow, accentuating bright two eyes that age had failed to weather.

“Sorry Uncle Rearden.  I hadn’t noticed the time.” Cinis answered, walking into the study.  

“Time doesn’t wait.  And neither will your lessons.  Hurry on, take a seat.  Today is History.” 

Cinis groaned audibly.  It was his least favorite subject and he had hoped they might forego it with his late arrival, but his uncle always insisted on pounding it into his head.  

“But uncle, can we not practice unarmed defense today?  You promised we would this week.”
	
“So I did, and so we will.  But one does not become accomplished through fighting alone.  A man with a weak mind is an open target to all.  Besides, today we begin a new set of lessons.”  he lowered his voice to a whisper and leaned in close. “Today we learn about the history beyond the Wall.  Go, fetch me the book on the shelf behind you, the fat one to the left.”

Instantly Cinis’ ears perked.  Such talk was forbidden but he had heard snippets deep at night, when the travelers conversed in hushed voices around the Tavern’s warm fire with even warmer spirits.  

He turned to the shelf, where dozens of books were lined against the wall, each of varying colors and states of decay.  

“The light one, or the dark one?”  Cinis asked, his hand resting atop both.

“They’re the same color to me, but the one on the left,”  said Rearden, and Cinis gently pried the book free of its companions, being sure not to scratch the cover.  Though his uncle never mentioned the price of the books, Cinis knew only a fraction of the volumes could raise enough money to buy a new tavern.  

He handed the book to his uncle, who rubbed the spine before cracking the pages open and exposing the cover, “Querkian Brews, a History and Recipes”,  which was entirely misleading. From his vantage point, Cinis could see the words were written with golden ink that seemed to sparkle in the dim room, shimmering with colors that reminded him of the passageways below.

"Since you inquired about physical defense, we'll incorporate that into your lesson.  You'll be practicing your forms as I teach.  Move the chair- you can perform there.  First one is waves lapping against the beach,"  commanded Rearden, and Cinis struck the pose, his left foot in front of his right in a half crouch, his fist gliding a parallel to the floor as he held his chin upwards.  At full extension of his arm he shifted his weight backwards, then replaced his right fist with his left.  

"Uncle, I feel like these forms have nothing to do with actual fighting.  They're just for show.  Don't you think it would be better for me to learn knife-work, or to spar?"

"Theory comes first, Cinis.  You must practice the basics first, and hold them dear.  Besides, these old bones of mine are not meant for sparring.  One day in the future you'll think back to me, and be happy I taught you in this way."

"Alright, Uncle, as you say,"  said Cinis, though he lacked sincerity behind the words.

“Look at the map here,”  Rearden gestured to a worn and curling poster, folded into quarters that had been placed in the books center.  Animated colors and illustrations decorated the map, while elegant, curving handwriting proclaimed the names of each city kingdom with dotted borders sectioning off their appropriate territories.  Some Cinis recognized from the tales often told in the tavern, such as Rymenia, with its insignia of sea serpent entwined around a tear drop, commonly known as home to the water folk.  Others were less familiar, though his uncle had forced him to memorize their names and locations- those like Lorai and Lisera, off on the far western corner.  A title sprawled across the top of the map, claiming all the lands underneath- “Corpia”. And there, to the far right to the right of the map was the name Cryson, where the lines ended to replaced by a general blur,  and whose mere mention often sent shivers through grown men on dark winter nights.

“Once, all the lands that you see on this map had been one.  These dotted borders were just that- dotted, with little significance, where neighbors were brothers.  Surely you have heard the legends, that the high kings of old ruled in harmony, that they commissioned great cities built, that even Cryson shed no shadows.  And surely you have heard of the great wars, and how the borders strengthened, and the lands splintered into the city kingdoms they now are.  Those are common facts.  But what isn’t is the origins of the dirt on which you now stand, though it is well known outside the wall.  Next form, a warm breeze on a summer day."

Cinis straightened, putting his weight on his toes and standing tall, raising his hands like flat boards that he swept in swirling arcs about himself.  

“After the great wars, Corpia stood broken.  There were two sides to the war, both powerful - those of the Light and those of Darkness, the Brights and the Shadows, who rallied the forces of Corpia and whose great power decimated the land.  The last battle, the greatest battle, took place where we are now.  And at the end of the battle, this city was won though destroyed, and its remains buried deep underground in the abandoned shafts you so often visit.  What remained of the Darkness was pushed back and exiled into Cryson, and this city was rebuilt between Cryson and the rest of Corpia- not in the splendor that it once was but as a fortress, a neutral ground, with the wall.  This is important, for on the map to the north stand the Alesi mountains, where the only pass for an army is this city.  And to the south are the marshes, where invasion is madness.  Next form, pebble upholding the boulder."

Cinis changed again, spreading his hands to the left and right with the palms upwards, crouching in a sitting position until his legs began to shake and strain appeared upon his face.

“Good, now hold, arch your back a little more, and crouch a little lower.  This city separates the once great forces of Light and Darkness like oil and water, ceasing the wars.  But I assure you, they fester and ferment, each pushing at this city like a cork in a bottleneck.  Until, one day, that bottle pops.  And the walls fall.  And when that moment comes, you’ll need to be ready Cinis.”

Cinis almost lost his footing, and he stared surprised at his uncle.  Greater men had been sentenced to years of the dungeons for uttering the same words.  The law decreed the statement treason.

“But uncle,” he whispered, “It is said the wall will never fall.  And the”, he paused "The things in Cryson have not been seen for centuries.  If they existed at all, of course.  And it’s not like I can do anything.”

“What I would give for you to be right. But the tides are changing, Cinis.  And there is always something you can do.”  

With that last statement, his uncle snapped the book closed and placed it back on the shelf, next to “A history of the Lannion Wines”, which Cinis now felt for certain had no mention of wine between its pages.  

“Next form, the burning of dry leaves, hold it for three minutes.  Then prepare yourself, for there are hungry guests to feed, and I would rather have the wall itself fall than for this tavern’s reputation of the best beer in all of the city.  Or Corpia, for that matter.”

That night, between serving pints and dishes to the tavern’s many loyal guests, Cinis listened with renewed interest to the tales being told around him.  Tonight, he was a server boy, he cleaned the tables and counted coppers, tended to the modest fire, and entertained the guests.  Nothing more.  Still, he could not shake his uncle’s ominous words.  *The tides are changing.  The wall is falling.*

 https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3xib1j/life_magic_chapter_14/

***
Further updates will be both posted on this sub and on this AWESOME new app called Radish launching in January.  Radish will be easier for mobile readers, and chapters will appear there first.  It would mean the world to me if you signed up for it here: http://radishfiction.com/?a=LeoPetracciIf you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 9, Jessica.  1 - 2 chapters more before a new character arc is introduced.**

The poppyseed pastries arrived, and Clarissa set them on the table before hurrying downstairs.  Customers were entering the tavern at an alarming rate.

Cesaro unbuttoned a pocket on the inside of his coat and Herald hopped out, fluttering onto the table.  The bird cocked its head, examining the pastries, then began eating the sunflower seeds on top, stopping only to drink some of the condensation on the outside of Cesaro’s second beer.  Jessica continued staring below, maintaining silence.

Since the transformation, six of the more wealthy customers had rounds for entire rest of the floor.  A tight circle had formed around the winged performer, people ushering close to stroke his wings, a well known source of luck and fortune.  Word quickly spread outside of the tavern, drawing in people from the street and giving Gemini’s it’s most successful night in years.

The circle around the performer broke only to let a woman pass, her back bent with age and placing her below the average height of the crowd, slowly pressing her way through the ranks escorted by one of the female performers.  

“Mother!”  shouted the performer as he saw her, spreading his arms wide and picking her up, fresh tears on his cheeks.  

“My son,”  she whispered, then yelled louder for the bar to hear, louder than Jessica thought possible for her frame, “*My* son!”

The tavern cheered, the applause deafening, and two more customers stepped forward to empty and distribute their stock of beer.

“You’ll teach me how to do that?”  asked Jessica, still watching the mass below.

“That, and so much more.”  said Cesaro.

“Why me?  Why not someone else?”

“Half of the difficulty in creating a team is finding the right players, Jessica.  I only recruit the best.  And you, dear, you can become the best.  I have ears, ears like Herald in every city of Corpia.  Ears listening for talent like your own.”

“What exactly will I do as your apprentice?”

“All sorts of things, dear.  Each geared at your own personal development, an investment in your growth.  You’ll be one of my personal agents, compensated handsomely I assure you.  Compensated to help people, in return for their payment or favors.  And sometimes for the good of the deed itself.”

“Like that?”  she said, gesturing below.

“*Precisely* like that.”

They were interrupted as a man climbed to the level of their platform, his full black suit made from the fine silk and reflecting the candlelight.  He bowed low to Cesaro, then Jessica, exposing the top of his balding head.

“Cesaro!  How could you not tell me you were coming to my establishment?  I had hoped you would check in after the, erm, trouble six years ago.  We cannot express our full gratitude.”

“Please, Migu, it was nothing.  A mere extension of friendship.”  said Cesaro, with a smile.

“Again, we cannot thank you enough.  Tonight is free for you and the lady - anything you would like, food or drink or service.  Clarissa has been assigned to your table alone to account for your needs.  And of course your position at the high nest is compensated.”

“Your generosity speaks over your words, Migu.  And if you should ever fall into trouble again, you know how to reach me.”

“Of course, Cesaro.  Of course.  I’ll be off now, I wouldn’t want to interrupt your evening any further.  And we are having quite a busy night.”

He bowed again, leaving a rose on the table in front of Jessica, and turned to walk back down to the floor below.

“What was that about?”  said Jessica, watching him leave.

“An old favor,” said Cesaro.

Jessica fell silent again, sensing Cesaro would not be elaborating on the subject, and watched the performer twitch the muscles in his back, slowly flapping his wings.

“And what about him?  What will he do now?  Go to Laddergate?”

“I suppose he’ll continue living his life.  His path is open before him.  But no, dear,” he laughed, “I doubt he’ll be going to Laddergate.  His magical ability has not been increased, rather he has just become more attuned to it.  And he won’t be going at his age and social position.  You do know the Laddergate admission process, correct?”

“You mean, their tests?”

“No, not the test.  Their payment.  It’s not a cheap school- in my opinion, it’s near robbery.  But I suppose they are the best.  They do offer a secondary form of payment for those of less fortunate upbringings.  They can join the magical guard, owing a time debt for their education from the school.  I believe that ten is the most standard.  So unless he happens to find a wealthy sponsor, or our performer is cut out to be a soldier, he will not be attending Laddergate.”

“Oh,”  said Jessica, frowning.  Surely her father would have paid for Alina to attend Laddergate instead of enlisting her in the guard.

“Yes, I do not anticipate that he would attend Laddergate.” said Cesaro as the performer spread his wings and walked to the center of the semicircle, the crowd around him stepping backwards.  He crouched, then launched himself upwards, his wings catching in the air as he strained his newfound muscles and propelled himself upwards.  His voice carried over the city as he whooped, soaring through the hole where the roof should have been, and joining the stars.

“But you, my dear, you will.”

***

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3vqjbs/life_magic_chapter_10//Hey everyone!  Sorry for the wait, I've been on holiday and finishing my novel Eden's Eye (which is done, now self editing before handing it off to my editor!!!!)  

*Please don't forget to vote for the story on my blog.*

Chapter 1 if you are starting: https://leonardpetracci.com/2016/08/03/the-bridge/

Chapter 18: https://leonardpetracci.com/2016/09/05/the-bridge-part-18/

Also, please let me know how I can make my blog better if you have input!  I'm pretty new to this.If you're just starting, Chapter 1 can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 10, Jessica, 1 more chapter before a new character arc is introduced**

“Thank you, thank you most kindly for your invitation to dinner.  You truly run an impressive estate, Scott. The gardens rival those of Adrea in their beauty, which, as you know, is no small accomplishment.  And Mary, the food is simply *delectable*,” Cesaro said, and took another bite of the pheasant on his plate, smeared with an candied apple glaze.  In typical Liserian fashion, a mountain of bread adorned the center of the table, several of the loaves and pastries from the famous Liserian bakeries themselves while others were creations from Mary’s own kitchen.

“Thank you for your politeness, Cesaro,”  said Jessica’s father, “Now Jessica mentioned you had a sort of proposal for us, a proposal concerning my daughter?”

“Indeed I do,”  said Cesaro, “Your daughter, well, your daughter is simply one of the most talented individuals I have ever met.”

“Is she?”  asked Jessica’s father, his brow furrowing.  From across the table, Alina stopped eating, and turned her attention to Cesaro.

“Indeed.  It was quite stunned when I noticed her in the marketplace, and now, well, now I feel it is my interest, no, my obligation, to see her further educated.  To allow a skill like that to lie fallow would be just short of a crime.”

“And what, exactly, is this gift of hers?”  

“I didn’t know that you were one for jokes, Scott.”  Cesaro laughed, looking around the table as Alina’s eyes narrowed and Jessica’s mother’s and father’s faces turned blank,  then let his laugh die into silence.  “Oh, you truly don’t know?  It has been under your noses all this time, and *I*, a mere stranger passerby noticed?  Fate is fickle indeed.  Scott, your daughter is magnificently skilled in *sums*.  The best I’ve ever seen.”

Across the table, Alina choked on her roll, almost spitting it out onto the table while trying to contain her laughter.  

*If only you knew,* thought Jessica, biting the inside of her lip as her sister’s face reddened.  For a moment, she almost blurted out the secret, almost bleached the smirk straight off Alina’s face.  But then she remembered Cesaro’s words just before they left Gemini’s.

“It appears the pastries were not as good as Clarissa promised,” said Cesaro, as Herald returned to his coat pocket.  The bird had eaten all the sunflower and poppyseeds from the top of the dish, but had left the grain portion untouched.  “Herald is quite the picky connoisseur.  His taste is a little too pretentious if you ask me, but the bird knows his breads.”  From the inside of Cesaro’s pocket, Herald chirped.

“So if I do decide to become your apprentice - I’m not saying I am, I’m just saying *if* - you’ll cover the costs of my entire education?  And in return, I’ll have to serve you?  How long will I have to become one of your agents?”

“My dear, you don’t *have* to do anything.  I will supply the necessary funds for you to attend Laddergate and at the end of your education, you will be given the *option* to become an agent.  I would feel it necessary to forbid you from serving another entity, such as the magical guard, but I sincerely doubt that temptation would arise.”

“So you’re saying,”  said Jessica slowly, making sure she framed her words correctly, “That I can attend Laddergate, entirely at your expense, and I owe you nothing?”

“Precisely.”

“And there’s no catches?  No contract that I have to sign?”

“None at all, my dear.  Except, actually, there is one, but I doubt you will find it disagreeable.  Your family shall not know of your education.  And you shall go by another name, another identity at Laddergate.”

“Why?”  asked Jessica.

“There are those who find the work I do contrary to their own motives, Jessica.  Those who would take pleasure in finding a way to hurt me, or those close to me, through any means possible.  I assure you, however, that with the proper precautions they will be rendered powerless through their ignorance.”

“So it’s for my own safety?  And the safety of my family?”

“Yes, dear.  A non-existent risk so long as you play by the rules.  And rest assured, you will never be in a position where you will be in danger without your knowing and your consent.”

“Father will never agree to it.”  she said, “And I’m not leaving them without saying an adequate goodbye.”

“Leave that to me, dear.  I can be quite persuasive.”
  
Jessica paused, feeling her heart beat, aware of Cesaro watching her.  Waiting.

She thought of her home, of her mother and father, of Alina.  She would be leaving them behind, and despite their disproportionate pride in Alina, they had treated her well.  She loved them, even Alina, though sometimes she found it hard to admit it.  But from behind those estate walls, she would forever be hiding in Alina’s shadow, and her future blindly dependent upon suitors that may not be interested in a ungifted wife.

And she spoke two words, words that changed her life forever.

“I accept.”

***

Back at the dinner table, Jessica’s mother shot a look at her father, and he spoke.

“Sums, Cesaro?  Surely that is not the life of a noble lady.”

“Not here, in Lorai, perhaps.  But in Lisera they are in high demand, and a most respectable profession for a noble woman without, well, without the higher gifts.  The courts are run by women working the abacus, and suitors will come from miles around to seek your daughter’s hand.  Suitors from influential families that, if you will pardon me for saying so, outstrip the potential that Jessica would have here in Lorai.”

“You wish to take her to Lisera then?  I have family there, who can adequately house and care for her there while she is educated.”

“Lord no, Scott.  No, no, no.  Liserian schools, if you will pardon me saying so, are not up the the standard that your daughter deserves.  No, I simply will not allow it.  Your daughter is destined for Cardinia, the blended city.”

“That’s where Laddergate is!”  shouted Alina from the other end of the table, suddenly returning to the conversation.

“Oh, I suppose it is,”  replied Cesaro, "I believe they have a high reputation as well, if I recall correctly."

“I don’t know,”  said Jessica’s father, her mother squeezing his hand, “Cardinia is far, and the expense will be great.  And I could go years without seeing my daughter, while she is in your care, a man who I have just met.”

“I assure you, Scott, that I am who I say I am.  A merchant regulator, sent here by the king of Lisera himself to ensure Lorai is following the customs.  I can provide documentation and I urge you to reach out to your contacts in Lisera to confirm my identity.  Additionally, I will fund her entire education, upon the stipulation that Jessica spend two years as my personal apprentice. The networking opportunities and the chances for her to integrate into Liserian nobility during this time period will be greatly accelerated.”

Jessica’s father paused, and Cesaro continued speaking, his voice lowered.

“Scott, I urge you consider your daughter’s future. *One* of your daughters is quite gifted, Scott, while the other is at risk of becoming eclipsed.  Jessica has potential, and by keeping her here, you will only stunt it.  I plead, I implore you, that you release her into my care.”

“What do you have to say about this?”  asked Jessica’s father.

“I want to go,”  said Jessica, “You would have let Alina go to Laddergate.  It’s only fair.”

“Yes, but *Laddergate* isn’t a school for *summing*.”  interjected Alina, but Jessica’s father silenced her with harsh look.  He sighed, then raised his hands.

“On the condition that your credentials are correct, I concede.”

Cesaro clapped his hands, standing from the table.

“I will be back first thing in the morning with my papers, Scott.  I assure you, you have every reason to be proud of your daughter.”

Then he bowed and left their estate, his coattails fluttering in the same way they had when he and Jessica had left their table at Gemini’s.  They had stepped outside, and he had wished Jessica farewell, leaving her alone on the street.  Then she felt a touch on her elbow, and turned to see Migu, his eyes following Cesaro as he meshed into the night.

“Young lady, a word of caution,”  said Migu, his voice a whisper before he receded back into the bustling tavern, “Make no mistake.  Cesaro is a great man, and I believe him to be a good one.  But he’s also the most dangerous that I have *ever* met.”

***

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3w1fhe/life_magic_chapter_11/**Come And Get It!**  

**Please Refresh Your [VOTE](Http://Topwebfiction.Com/Vote.Php?For=The-Bridge-And-Other-Short-Stories) For The Bridge Too, I Don't Ask For Donations And This Is How You Can Support Me.**  


**And If You Read Life Magic, [VOTE](Http://Topwebfiction.Com/Vote.Php?For=Life-Magic) For That Too.  Takes 2 Clicks And Is Super Quick**


Here Is Part 20: Https://Leonardpetracci.Com/2016/09/12/The-Bridge-Part-20/


Also, If You Like Fantasy And Are Not Yet Reading Life Magic, Give It A Try!  [READ IT HERE](Https://Leonardpetracci.Com/Life-Magic/)For my published works, !  For my Sci Fi Dystopian Audiobook, 

**********

Hi! This sub is a collection of stories written by me, an aspiring author, for/r/hfy, andThey'll make you laugh, they'll make you cry, and they'll scare the day lights out of you. 

Be sure to poke around. My absolute best work is a trending novel about magicians fighting demons, . That link will take you to chapter 1, and once you're there you won't want to stop. 

Here are some of my stories that received gold and were on the front page to get you started:

-

-

-

-

***

**Check out the  to see what the excitement is about!**

***

****

***




Should you prefer to read about stopping the forces of Hell from being unleashed on earth, similar to the show Supernatural, 

***

Feel free to post and ask questions! Welcome to the sub!

Best,

LeoChapter 1 found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 21, Dyrius**

 **Now  for easier reading should you prefer it.  If you use wattpad, those little stars are their equivalent of upvotes, so it would make my day if you clicked them should you like the chapter.**

By the time the seer reached the tavern it was already well into the night.  Stars had risen, hidden from his eyes, and this deep in the city their song was unnaturally quiet to him.  Every so often a whisper from above would reach him as it slipped through the *Vrael’s* grip, and he smiled, comforted by their words.

His legs trembled with blood loss as he consulted his memory, ensuring that he had reached the right place, going over his mental map of the city that he had memorized weeks before.  Concentration came harder than it should have- the wound inflicted by the demon was deeper than he had initially thought and with the *Vrael* there was little he could do to fix it. It was already fortunate enough that he had found the tavern at all among the countless shops and establishments lining the streets.   But surely here it was, just as he had seen in the dream, with a sign laced with *Atriel* so light he could barely make out the word.  *Horsekick’s*.

Feeling for the door latch, he turned the knob and with a soft click it creaked open.  Low voices from the few patrons who had not yet succumbed to the night emanated from within as he stepped inside, tapping ahead with the borrowed broom handle.  Moving to the fire he cast off his hood, gazing around the room with unseeing eyes.

“Dyrius!”  Came a shout that caused the seer’s face to erupt into a smile.  A familiar hand closed on his shoulder.

“Rearden, my old friend!  How is it that I find you holed away in a common tavern in Querkus?”
                
“Common tavern? “  Rearden roared, “You’ll find we have the finest ale east of the Aries river!”

“Because all that’s left before Cryson otherwise is Cratus, and it’s drinks will just as well poison you.”

Rearden laughed, then gasped, seeing the blood that had begun to pool at Dyrius’ feet, at first unnoticed from the dim light of the tavern.

“Dyrius, what’s happened to you?  Quick, come into my study, I’ll have that cut wrapped up proper.”
 
Once the door was closed, Rearden’s voice dropped to a whisper. 

“Are you mad?  What brings you here?  A seer coming here is a death wish, have you gone completely blind?  I don’t know how you made it.”

“I am here on most urgent business that cannot wait.  Rearden, it’s time.  It’s time the boy knows, you can’t keep him holed up forever.  Though finding you was near impossible.  And stop waving your hand in front of my face.  I may not be able to see it but I can feel it.”

“He’s not old enough yet, and only here is where he’s safe.  The *Vrael* keeps him hidden and mischief - and worse- out.”

“Rearden, now is the time.  We have seen the visions.  We have read the stars.  He is needed.  The Shadows are hunting and he will not stay safe forever.  If a blind man can find you, rest assured they can.  Even through this mess of *Vrael*, so thick that it makes my skin crawl.  You would think after hundreds of years the dust would have washed away, but it’s here sure as I am blind.  Cursed stuff. The sooner I am rid of this city, and with the boy, the better.  Where is he?”

“Not here.  Running errands.”

“Come now, Rearden, when dawn is only a few hours away? Are you trying to make sure he’ll never reach adulthood?”  Then Dyrius gasped as Rearden unfastened his makeshift bandage, letting it fall to the floor, where blood splattered out of the fabric.

“Dyrius, how did you get this?  And where did you find a guard's cloak to bandage it with?”

“Demons” Dyrius said through gritted teeth “They’ve infested to wall guard.  Had to kill two just to get in.”

“In the city?  Impossible!” Exclaimed Rearden, his hand reaching up to stroke the scar on his face, “But even so- where there is two, there are more.  Have you thought if you have stirred the hornet’s nest?  You could have been followed!  Has your mind gone blind as well?”  Rearden’s voice arced with anger.

“No one saw.   And as I said, the sooner we move the better.  Tonight.  Demon wounds fester horribly and I’d like to have a healer look at it soon.”

“The city is full of healers.  Take your pick.”

“You know full well healers here would have little to no power over this.  And that’s beside the point.”

“Either way, Cinis won’t be back for another half hour.  You may as well rest.  Here, take a drink, and I’ll see what can be done about your wound.  It’s bad, but I’ve seen worse.  And the drink will take it off your mind.”  He poured a cup, and as he took a sip the liquid warmed Dyrius, replenishing some of his depleted strength, and slowing the shaking that coursed through his body.

****
 
Outside in the dark, a lone city guard prowled the streets.  He stopped, sniffing the air, then bent and reached down to touch the worn stones.  Two of his fingers came back glistening in the moonlight and he brought them to his mouth, tasting it.

Blood.  The same blood that littered the corpses of his two brothers when he had found them an hour before.   Blood that was foreign.  Blood that he would soon taste again.

He smiled, flashing a row of inhumanly sharp teeth that formed a snarl.   A growl escaped his bared lips and two dark shapes garbed in the city guard’s cloaks rushed to his side, summoned by the sound.  They bent, dipped their fingers in the puddle, and tasted the blood, conversing with him through their putrid breath.  And then they ran, following the trail.
 
Deep underground, Cinis also ran. The corridors began to thin, and he knew he was nearing the tavern.  The air began to assume the smells of the city, with rotten fruit, urine, and musk becoming prevalent.  In this portion of the city, many of the homeowners had taken to using the upper tunnels to dispose of trash.  The practice disgusted him.
 
Ahead he could see the fork that would lead him either to the street entrance or to the tavern’s trap door.  He turned left and ascended the short spiral staircase that corkscrewed to the surface, one he had helped Rearden build years before.  The wooden trapdoor appeared, boards freshly replaced and smelling of pine, and he pushed it open to enter through the closet behind Rearden’s study.  Two heads swiveled towards him, one Rearden’s and the other an old man with searching eyes and a grey beard.

“He’s here.”  Said the old man, casting a triumphant look at Rearden. 

****
 

Following the boy’s footsteps had grown harder as Jessica neared the surface.  He had obviously frequented the tunnels and his tracks crisscrossed with older sets of footprints, all the same size, all his, making it difficult to follow the most recent pair.  She came to a fork and stopped, studying the mangled paths in confusion, then turned right where she could feel a slight draft. 

Soon she came to a makeshift door in the ceiling, the boards nearly rotted away.  Pushing it aside, she realized the trapdoor was actually a crate, and a blast of warm air brushed her face, its fingers playfully tugging at her hair. Climbing outside, she tried to get a sense of her bearings, looking around for any landmarks that would be recognizable.  She was far from the palace for sure, in an unfamiliar section of the city.  She started moving eastward, but sank into an alleyway as three large shadows danced in front of her, speaking in low grunting speech.  The city at night was no place to walk alone in the open.

Shrinking behind the crate, she peered out into the street as her chestnut eyes blended into the dark.

***

**I made a Twitter, and I'll keep you updated on there about new chapters and announcements. Not really sure how these hashtag things work yet, but the name thingy is @LeoPetracci**

**Two more weeks til Radish comes!  I'll have two-three new chapters ahead of what's on my sub when it launches.  Link to sign up: https://radishfiction.com/?a=LeoPetracci****Last chapter of part 1**  

**Please  for The Bridge too, I don't ask for donations and this is how you can support me.**  

https://leonardpetracci.com/2016/09/19/the-bridge-part-21/I sat in on Alexander’s class two days before it happened.

Nataly had slept over the night, stirring slightly as I woke up early.  *5436*, I thought, slipping into my clothes.  The amount of breaths she had taken last night, not consciously counted, but simply a fact.  

“What are you doing?”  She asked, sitting up, her hair still messy from sleep.

“Just some extra homework,”  I answered, slipping out the door.

“You’re lying,”  She had called after me, “Those pills may have made all of you smarter, but your body language is clear as day now.  Almost too clear.”

“I couldn’t sleep,”  I shouted back, and she didn’t respond. That part was the truth.

I sat in the kitchen, holding a book I would need to finish for homework by the end of the day in my hands, flipping through and spending about a second on each page.  I’d discovered the week before that while I could not read a page in under a second, I could memorize them, and then later read the page in my mind.  It was how I now finished most of my assignments.

I started reading the material later that day, while overhearing a lecture.  I was scheduled to partake in Alexander’s class that day, as he worked with a team of four hackers that clacked away at their keyboards.  I’m not sure if hackers were the best way to describe them- it wasn’t as if they were breaking security, or trying to attack others on the internet.  It was more as if they were trying to do things never before accomplished with computers.  Even after the pill I had trouble following their logic, as they discussed algorithms, neuron networks, and other concepts.

But I could tell Alexander was getting frustrated.

“It’s not working,”  He complained, staring at his screen, his right hand typing on a keyboard that appeared on one monitor while his left hand typed on a separate simultaneously, “I could be the smartest coder in the world, hell, I *am* the smartest coder in the world, and I keep getting bugs.  Damn bugs!”  And his slammed his fist down on the keyboard, narrowing his eyes to a squint as he scanned lines of code.

“Relax man,”  I said with one part of my mind, the other part reading, “It’s not easy stuff.”

“Of course it isn’t,” He hissed, “But with the pill, it should be.  They should have made the pill better, so that there aren’t bugs, ever.  But there still are.  No matter what you try to do, there still are bugs.  Problems that no matter how smart you are they still arise.  *Nothing* ever works right the first try.”

Then his eyes widened, and he whispered again.

“*Nothing*”.  

His hand reached into his pocket, and I heard a crinkle as he gripped a piece of paper.  And Alexander stood, his hand still in his pocket, and addressed his teachers.

“I’m not feeling well today,”  He said, “I can’t focus, and my head is pounding.  I’ll meet with you tomorrow, or the next day, but anything before then will be fruitless.  I need to rest.”

The four nodded, then resumed their work.  And in a far corner of the room, one of the attendants scratched away at a clipboard, recording the incident with his eyebrows raised.

But Alexander never rested.  Instead, I was informed he tore his entire apartment apart, shredding the carpet and punching through walls in his final moments of freedom.  That by the time they found it, it was almost unrecognizable, and even the computer that Alexander held nearly sacred looked as though it had been fed through a paper shredder.

***

I never really understood what made the pill so dangerous, about *why* it made people insane.  But I have my theories, and one of them is that the pill itself is benign.  Rather, its side effects do the damage. 

My main hypothesis is that the pill allows some form of bacteria of fungus to attack the brain, which kills all sense of rationality.  And I base this theory off of one observation.

The insanity seems contagious.

Of those that went insane, *all* of them had insane roommates.  And those rooms were clustered, near the far end of the hall, and in consecutive numbers.  It’s my guess why we were never allowed to visit them in the insanity ward, after the event.  I never wanted to, but I also never had the privilege.

And it’s the reason why, even if I could beat them in a fight, contact with them even after all these years could still put my own sanity at stake.

***

**Part 7 coming soon.**

**To be sure you don't miss it, sign up for  and have the complete story emailed to you when I finish.  Be sure to check out my most popular story, , while you wait.*****Blurb**

*Caleb grew up as anything but special- with a trailer park as his home, a questionable education, and bullies eager to inflict the pain from their own lives upon him, his future looked dim.  But when he loses his sight from a mysterious accident, Caleb finds that there may be more to the world than most people realize.  Stranger yet, being blind, he is the only one who can see it.*

*Soon the lines between life and death begin to blur, with Caleb fighting for understanding among the confusion.  And as the mist clears, he finds himself at the front lines of an age long war between hell and earth, with demons on one side, and precious few on other.*



**Chapter 1.  A Warning**

I was born in Pennsylvania, in a slum of a hospital equipped with second rate doctors to care for patients with second rate wallets.  As my mother held me in her arms, a nurse scribbled down the date: December 21st, and the time of birth, 12:01 AM.  My stepfather tried to name me Leonard, because he wanted to stay true to his Italian heritage, but my mother intervened and I became Caleb. When I was old enough to read (and out of simple curiosity), a quick library search showed the name Leonard is actually Germanic and Leonardo is the Italian derivative.  Of course, I wouldn’t expect my stepfather to know that.  That quick library search took more time to complete than he had ever spent on me. 

My stepfather drove us home in his grey Ford Pinto when the hospital released me.  It must have been a short drive, because the trailer park where I spent my early childhood was within walking distance of the delivery room.  I knew from personal experience.  I cut my arm on a broken beer bottle in our yard when I was nine years old, and both of my parents were busy at their jobs.  Twenty-two stitches later, I walked home from the hospital. After my parents saw the bill, I almost had to return.

We never had a television that lasted longer than a month due to my stepfather’s drunken tantrums.  So, unlike many children my age, I learned to keep myself entertained without the benefit of technology.  When the sun was up, I raced my single-gear bike, which I had found rusted and abandoned on the side of the highway, through the ranks of trailers, whipping by chained up pit bulls that had no desire to catch me.  I explored, I adventured, and I discovered—I did anything to keep myself away from home.

I learned to love reading at an early age.  My school, Kingston Elementary, was home to derelict children and teachers alike.  Fights were common in its parking lot.  I don’t think there was a single day that, after the closing bell, Kingston Elementary had not gained an extra black eye among its inmates.  I myself didn't escape unscathed, and I grew accustomed to the yellow detention slips that followed the skirmishes.  I should be thankful—those detention slips saved me from following in the shadow of my stepfather’s largely uneducated life.
Mrs. Derundi proctored detention in fourth grade, and that was the first time she had ever met me.  Although I, along with the rest of the school, knew her by her reputation in the halls and the rumors of her class.  No matter how cool or how badass the students of Kingston Elementary thought they were, the hallways fell silent when she walked by.  She could break up a fight with a glance, and she stilled even the most unruly of students with only a whisper.  She never yelled or raised her voice above indoor levels, and  
it was rumored that the year before, a kid shit himself and never returned after she whispered in his ear for fifteen eternity-like seconds.  Mrs. Derundi taught me how to listen, if nothing else, because it is not loud yelling and screaming that are most terrifying, but rather the whispering.

The first time I was sent to detention was for losing a fight.  Two seventh graders, Jake Kimbrell and Mark Smith, had cornered one of my fourth grade classmates against the chain link fence that separated the parking lot from the ghetto.  I would usually keep my mouth shut—in Kingston Elementary, you grow accustomed to brutality and bullying—but the student the two of them were bouncing between them like a ping pong ball was Danny Roark, the runt of the fourth grade litter.  The class knew him by his nickname, “McTwitch,” for his nervous tick and greasy hair that resembled a fast food burger.  I don’t think Danny had ever had a full burger in his life though, judging by how skinny he was and the way his freckled skin stretched over his gaunt cheeks.
“Hey!  Leave him be!”  I shouted.  Jake looked up, a sneer crossing his face.
“Oh yeah?  Hey McTwitch, I didn’t realize you had any friends.  Especially Four-Eyes here.”

“Yeah, McTwitch,” cackled Mark, “looks like you’ve been busy.  Did you meet this guy before or after your father dropped you on your head?”
“At least his father stuck around to drop him on his head,”  I spat.  It was well known around school  that Jake’s father had been serving time for the past six years for murdering a store clerk that refused to hand over cash from the register.  As soon as the words left my mouth, I knew I should have kept them to myself.

On the bright side, Danny got away.

On the dark side, Jake and Mark gave me a beating that day that my stepfather would have been jealous of.

Finding out that I would be serving detention with Mrs. Derundi only made matters worse.  But when Mrs. Derundi read the yellow slip over my swollen face the next day, I saw her eyes soften, and she looked at me in a way I had never seen before.  Some may call it tenderness.

Though I never had a class with her, throughout the course of elementary school I racked up enough detention hours to take one twice.  Mrs. Derundi forced me to read, unlike the other students, whom she sat in the corner and forced to copy lines from the board.  On the first day, too scared to do otherwise,  I stared at the first page of the book she gave to me for the full length of the hour.

Academically, I was behind the other students in my classes, primarily because of the value my stepfather placed on education.  Not once in my life had I completed a homework assignment, let alone tried to read an entire book.  But over the weeks sheer boredom forced me to decipher the words on the pages, and slowly I rose to the top of my class, though my grades never showed it.
Despite my objections, I came to enjoy our afternoons sessions and found myself coming even when there were no yellow slips assigned to my name.  Mrs. Derundi pretended not to notice.

She understood the neighborhood we lived in and how we weren’t as privileged as the school a county over.  Mrs. Derundi never gave up on us, unlike many of the teachers who used our misfortune as grounds to decide our futures were already dismal.  Once I saw a classmate turn in an assignment on a paper plate because his family couldn’t afford a notebook. She saved the student the embarrassment of answering questions, just like she never mentioned me coming in after hours.

She exposed me to many things—fantasy, science fiction, and biographies were some of her favorites.  I devoured them all.  Anything that helped me escape the after-school hours in the trailer park was worth reading.

When night fell, I would hide my bike under our trailer for fear that the cluster of homeless men at the end of the street would sell it for a few cans of beer.  I’d enter through the creaky screen door that made sneaking in or out of home impossible, and creep to my room down the narrow hall.

If I was lucky, my stepfather would either be out drinking or would have already passed out from his first round of the night.  Too often he would wake again with a hangover before the sun would rise.  Those times I would climb out the skinny window and hide beneath the trailer, cradling my bike in case an emergency exit was necessary while my stepfather stomped above like the giant from *Jack and the Beanstalk.*

It was on the dawn of one of these nights that I first met the preacher man.
A boot crunched on gravel as the first rays of sunlight joined the feral cats, spiderwebs, and myself under the trailer.  I heard a tinkling of bells accompanied by ruffling pages as my eyes cracked open.

A man stood there, dressed in a black cloak that matched his complexion and drifted down to his ankles.  A sky blue rosary swung from one hand, while the other held a Bible so tattered that the Word of God was falling out.  He was bald, and the sunlight reflected off the crown of his head in a way that made it hard to gaze at his face.

He took another step forward, raised his head as if sensing a change in the air, and sniffed.  His voice was deep when he spoke, and I’ve never forgotten the way it reverberated down the desolate alleyway of trailers.  When I dream, I still remember this as the moment that started it all, as if his words conjured my fate.

“There’s evil in this place.”


Chapter 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/45r65x/edens_eye_chapter_2_by_leo/Chapter 3

In days we traveled what should have taken weeks, gliding over lakes, weaving through forests, and reaching the foothills of the northern mountains.  Each storm we passed on the way I consumed, drawing the power from the sky and into myself.  And each day, I felt myself able to hold more of the storm, to allow it to reside within me.  It was like fire in a dragon’s belly, growing hotter with time, until it could provide it’s own steady burn.

“Even the mountain cannot reach the storm,”  Said the jar in my pocket as I ascended upwards, dancing among the boulders, “But with time, the storm weathers the mountain.”

As we gained altitude I felt the adrenaline rushing through my system, energized by the lightning contained within me.  And I fed power into the thunderclouds beneath my feet, increasing my velocity upwards, the thin and frosty air chilling me as it whipped by.  I whooped as I reached the summit, my speed far greater that I had ever been in my life, and increasing with each moment.

Then I cleared the top of the mountain, it’s slope like a mighty ramp, and soared into the air, the ground falling away far below me into a valley.

I flew in an arc, a trajectory that took me over the next mountain, and the one after that.  For ten miles I glided, rushing forward until gravity found its grip on me again, dragging me slowly back down to the earth.  Rainwater splashed from the clouds as they brushed against dirt, and I decelerated, leaning back as I smelled the salt of seawater, and the ground disappeared at a ninety degree angle, down far below to the ocean.

We had arrived.

“Where is this temple of yours?”  I asked, glancing about the cliffs.  To my left and right the landscape was flat, no buildings erected from the stone.  Behind me there were but mountains, and before me only sea.

“Forward,”  Answered the Storm Lord, and a strong wind gusted at my back, blowing me over the edge.

I fell towards sea and rock, spray reaching up to touch my face, my body tilting forward into a dive.  And the wind caught me, whisking me back towards the rock wall, where millennial of crashing waves had weathered away the surface into a cavern.  And I fell into the Storm Lords temple.

Columns rose before me, enormous structures connecting the roof and floor of the cavern.  There was nothing but rock, rock that formed a mighty throne, rock that formed the shape of clouds above, and rock that was shaped like puddles on the floor.

But every surface was smooth to the touch, polished so perfectly that the light reflected from them.

“The storm cleanses the land,”  I breathed, and the Storm Lord flowed from his jar, dark clouds rolling to the throne and forming a humanoid shape upon it.

“It is time that Jamar know of my presence,”  He said, looking towards the sea, “Call the storm.”

And so I imitated the trumpet like note he had emanated earlier, the sound echoing about the cavern, and black storm clouds rushing from my lips, darker and stronger than when they had entered.  They spiraled into the sky, and from the horizons storms came to meet their returning brothers.

"Are you going to try to attack him here?  There will be hundreds, no, thousands in his army.  Do you think you can stand up to them alone?"

"Let them come,"  Answered the Storm Lord, "For when they arrive, we will be gone."

***

Part 4 coming soon

Also, I made a Twitter, and I'll keep you updated on there about new chapters and announcements.  Not really sure how it works yet, but the name thingy is @LeoPetracciChapter 1 found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

Hey everyone, this chapter is a bit longer than usual as I couldn't find a good spot to split it, so you can expect the next one by Sunday at the latest.

**Chapter 18, Jessica**

Jessica hated the city.  Not all cities- in fact, she had been born and raised in Lorai, one of the larger western cities.  No, she hated Querkus, and she hated it deeply.

Around her, in the palace gardens, the air felt stale and still.  Distant voices floated towards her from a young couple strolling along a freshly raked pebbled path, voices that seemed muted and flat by the time they reached her ears.  Even the colors seemed drained, where the blues and reds of the royal flowers were a suppressed pale.  If she were to shout, she feared that her voice would die away, quashed by the landscape as soon as it left her mouth.  

She turned to the bush that she was pruning, verdant clippings twirling softly to the ground as she worked her shears, cutting it into the shape of a square.  One by one, she worked through the overgrown branches, narrowing and narrowing the bush until there was nothing left to remove.  But no matter how short she trimmed twigs, it seemed as if she were missing something, as if there was a branch that had eluded her searching shears.  She sighed, exasperated, and set down the shears.

Her frustration was  natural, she knew.  A reaction to the Vrael that lay thick around her, sapping at her magic and energy alike, plus the confinement had drawn her spirits thin.  Her orders held her here while her pride nipped any thought of turning back to Cesaro early empty handed.  She recalled his instructions, and frowned as she remembered opening the letter he had tucked into her saddlebag.

“Upon arrival to Querkus,” He had commanded, his arched writing streaked across the page from moisture from the rain “You are to pose as an Andrean gardener.  Already you are expected at the palace, the queen herself anticipating the arrival of one of the most sans-magic gifted individuals with plants in all of Corpus.  From this position within the palace, you will have access to the royal family and the nobles- access that should provide information leading to our survivor.  Find him before the Shadow has a chance and return with him here.  Use all caution, but make haste.”

Then, below the writing was the capital “C” that Cesaro used instead of a full signature, followed by an additional note.
“It is imperative that you fit the part of an Andrean gardener.  I’ve left you two gifts- study up.”
Jessica had fished two parcels from her bags, both books.  There was “Plants, If You Please!”, an enormous volume filled with miniscule text and botanical specimens folded between its pages.  Then there was a shorter book, one with pictures detailing clothing, customs, and basic history.  She sighed, opening “An Lady’s Guide to Andrean Virtue” that night at the edge of her small fire.

The next few days she had ridden Eastward as swiftly Isabelle could carry her.  She had stopped for rest when she reached Allesail, a small town supported by grain farmers that exported their harvests to L iseria, where she had called upon her sister’s estate.  Alina had immediately tuttered when she was fetched to welcome her rain soaked sister inside, dragging Jessica before a roaring fire and forcing a reluctant comb through her spider webbed hair.  	

“I’ll not let society see me related to a commoner,” Alina scolded, “A muddied, tattered one at that too.  To Corsus, Jessica, a lady has standards. Especially one with a name like ours.”

Raising two fingers, Alina directed a jet of warm air towards Jessica, in a fruitless effort to dry off her sister.  She too knew it to be ineffective, but even after all this time Alina still flashed bits of Air Magic whenever she encountered Jessica.  And she still smiled when her sister did not replicate the gesture.

But now Alina  glared disdainfully at Jessica’s worn riding clothes between strokes of the comb, as if her stare could morph them into a gown.  

A servant pushed a cup of warm chicken soup into Jessica’s hands and she inhaled, grateful for the fulfilling odor of the welcoming broth.   Even the servant, who himself wore silk blue robe much nicer than Jessica’s attire, managed to cast her a disapproving look before throwing another log on the fire, causing sparks to brush under the wings of the mighty bird who guarded the mantle.  

It was an Eagle,  the crest of the house of Illemere, of which Alina’s husband of two years lorded over, and whose marriage had torn their father’s last daughter from home.  The Eagle’s wings were spread wide, gilded with bits of gold and silver that reflected the firelight, the treasures reminding Jessica of Alina’s decision to marry into money.  To marry into a proper family, to bring honor upon their own through strategic alliances.  And it reminded Jessica of the disapproval Alina had harbored from her own refusal to make that same decision.  But even if Jessica were to explain the rationale behind her choices Alina would never understand- she lived in a world where the greatest crisis was a shortage of pastries at her husband’s feasts.  Jessica’s duty was to keep it that way. 

Again, she caught Alina scowling at her clothes, and met her eye.

“I’m traveling, sister.  This is what people wear when they travel.  If I should wish to ride adorned, the thieves would have at me faster than a loose coin purse.  Besides, I shall be passing through Cratus soon, and their fashion is quite different from your own.  I would look ridiculous.”

Alina scoffed, “Cratus?  What do you care about them?  Jessica, they aren’t proper there.  Their king is of common blood, and I hear his courts are mixed.”

Jessica smiled.  Yurt, a Boulder king, did indeed lead the council of Cratus, but his wisdom towered high above the reaches of his inauthentic bloodline.  Oh sister, she thought, you have been so sheltered.  And now you still are.

Alina had been betrothed nearly since Jessica had left their family in Lorai.  Like many of the small towns that littered the countryside, Allesail remained largely intolerant of those beyond its boundaries and ignorant of the happenings of the world.  Her sister only lived in splendor because the Liseria allowed it, since much of the grain in the neighboring cities was provided by the Illemere family.  

“Do you always have to be traveling Jessica?”  Persisted Alina, taking her hand,  “It’s time for you to settle down.  Come, there are plenty of suitors here, each handsomer than the last, even for a Summer!  Why, my own husband’s brother is married the full moon after next, and to a the youngest daughter of a noble family at that.  Should he fare that poorly, I assure you that a Summer could fare well here among the men.  And their ceremony is to be on an airship.  Please, stay and celebrate, the event is to be like something Allesail has never seen in quite some time.”

“I can’t, Alina, but your invitation does not go unappreciated.  As well as you hospitality,”  Jessica said, gesturing to the fire, “But by daybreak my stay here is gone, as soon as Isabelle is rested and fed.”

“But it’s an airship.  They say you ride among the clouds, and the birds swim like fish below you.  It’s even traveling to the Andrean Palace!  The event’s the buzz of the city, and many are dying for the invitation I have given you.  Sister, that is how a lady travels!”

Jessica laughed, “I wish! I truly do, but I have business.  Please, do not ask me of more, it is time that I rest.”

Her sister led her to a room upstairs, with a window to view the stable and thick quilted blankets to keep her warm.  She indulged in a bath, the water warm but with none of the enchanted soaps and fragerances she had become accustomed to in Cesaro’s estate.  Alina brought her a cup of wine, bubbling it with Air Magic so that it fizzed, and set the air in Jessica’s room to circulate so that she wouldn’t get too hot.  And after she left, and after Jessica quietly repaired the flaw’s in Alina’s circulation spell, Jessica slept soundly, knowing the next day would be just as grueling as the last.

At dawn she left Alina to her knitting, gripping the leather reins as Isabelle expertly wove among the sea of travelers clotting the roadways.  It had taken a few days worth of travel to reach Alina, but and only a few more days remained until she would reach Querkus. And that night, she pulled out the earrings that Cesaro had given her, inspecting them with her palm.

The enchantment was subtle, and even after staring at them for several minutes she could just barely guess the mechanism of their inner workings.  Knotted magical chords surrounded the earrings, bits of each element of magic, but primarily of Light magic- a form she was relatively inexperienced with due to its scarcity.  The chords were tied off well, with no open ends, meaning that as long as their enchantment was static *Vrael* would do little to erode the energy thrumming within them.

Retrieving a small mirror she had taken from Alina’s, Jessica removed the clasps on the back of the earrings, and fitted them through her earlobes.

The change was instant as well disguised magical cords spread over her face and hair, twisting and integrating themselves among her features.  Her blonde hair, which Alina had fluffed with Air Magic that morning, morphed, the colors darkening to brunette and blonde only remaining as streaked highlights.  Her facial structure became more blocky, and in her opinion less attractive as her cheeks and nose broadened.  And as she blinked her eyes flickered, the irises changing from deep blue to a dull brown.

She slept with the earrings in, and wore them for the remainder of her journey to Querkus.  Little else happened to her until she reached the gate, and was greeted with by the guards.

After presenting one with her papers, she had been escorted to the palace at once, as the queen was eager to have Maria, one of the famed Adrean gardeners, in her midst.

That had been a month ago and, as far as she was concerned, a month too long.  Cesaro’s words echoed in her head- make haste.  Try as she might, nothing had been revealed to her.  She had searched each of the noble families to no avail, even checking the royal prince himself when presenting him the a bouquet of the garden’s flowers for his bride to be.  Still, she had found nothing.  Then she had combed through the many wealthy families, the great artists, and the tradesmen, but had found nothing. 

Whenever Rorcul, had struck before, that was where his victims had been found.  There was dead body of the heavily guarded princess poisoned through the soap of her bath.  Then the merchant’s son whose entire caravan had perished overnight when passing between towns, his valuables untouched.  Every time the attacks had been swift and sudden, aiming to end the life of yet another target, the victims always cold and still when they had been found.

Time was running short, but she had exhausted all her leads.  For all she had found, she may as well be Maria the gardener, quietly 
pruning and clipping as another life prepared to breath its last.  Tomorrow she would walk the city, she decided, determined that this time she would see some clue as to Rorcul’s next move.  But maybe Cesaro was wrong, and the survivor was not here, and maybe Rorcul had already located him elsewhere.

She sighed and placed her shears within the folds of her coat.  The sinking sun signaled the end of her shift and she made her way among the ornate gardens to the modest cabin that she called home.  Behind her, a lone, forgotten branch had disentangled itself from the inner network of the bush and defiantly stood uncut, starkly contrasting its neatly clipped cousins.  

***

Hey everyone- I'm trying to find other places online to post this story so hat others can read it. Any suggestions?  Thanks!Here it is for free! 12 of my best tales from nosleep all in one place. 

**https://www.amazon.com/Tales-Sinister-Twelve-Terrifying-Stories-ebook/dp/B01MS26HGK**

Free for USA only. 

Enjoy!

If you pick it up please leave a review!Here it is!  http://leonardpetracci.com/2017/04/10/the-bridge-chapter-47

Still tying together loose ends to get it published :) Right now there is about 30 chapters left for you to read.  

Shit's about to get real.Chapter 1 found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

***

**Chapter 16, Dyrius**

The seer tapped his walking stick on the ground in front of him, probing the pebbles that had meshed together to form larger, patchy cobblestones as his vision began to fade.  To his left and right, passerbies blurred into shapeless colors that rushed past, hurrying to make it to the Querkus gates before they closed for nightfall.  But it wasn’t the sinking sun that darkened his sight- rather it was the city approaching in the distance, its *Vrael* that thickening in the soil below.

Almost unconsciously, he quickened his pace, as if to offset his deteriorating vision, but the action was fruitless- he was going blind, a process that would only be completed in a more rapid fashion with his increased walking speed.  He looked upwards, hoping for one last clear glance at Querkus, before it became one with the shadows.
 
The city before him was black as the night sky, with small, faint pinpricks of light shining out from its encircling wall.  Or, rather, through the wall, their brightness dampened only by the *Vrael* and untouched by mortar and stone, a brightness he knew to be bits of the *Atriel* present in the city. But as he approached, these faint stars became the only light he could still see, and the looming darkness expanded.  And it was into that darkness he was headed, deep into the darkness to find the light.  	

By nightfall he had reached the gates.  From what little glowing *Atriel* had remained written on the city’s weathered doors he could barely make out the name, chipped and broken from years of negligence.  *Querkus.*  

He had arrived. 

As the invisible sun descended beyond the horizon, a coolness surrounded his travel hardened, stooped body.  Ahead, he could hear the shuffling of other travelers mingled with the intermittent thudding of his walking stick, a staff that he now relied upon to progress.  Behind, he heard nothing, and knew he would be the last of the travelers to enter by gate.  From within the wall, there were the muffled sounds of the city, like the first round of mead induced songs beginning, vendors shouting their wares, and a low scratchy creaking that made his ears creak

“Wait!”  He shouted, his voice raspy in the night air.  “Hold the gates! “

Before him the creaking slowed, and a voice cried out from above, “The gates close at nightfall.  What business have you here?”

“I am but an old man, seeking shelter and a fire to warm my weary feet. Forgive me, my bones are weak and I cannot travel as fast as I once could.” He stumbled on an oversized rock, catching himself on his staff.

He heard laughter trickling down from above, and a sneering voice shouted,  “He’s blind!  What use have we of another beggar?”

Another mocking voice called, accompanying the first “Old man, tell us, can you not see the sun set?”

“I felt it leave just as I have smelt your rotting breath,” the seer responded, and was rewarded with a chorus of guffaws.

“Do you even know what city you are standing before?  You’ll watch your tongue tramp or I’ll have it cut.” came the retort, and a stone landed at the seers feet, bouncing upwards to open a gash on his shin.  He rapped the staff on the ground, clearing the rasp from his voice, and spoke with all the authority he could muster.

“Do all Querkians meet their elders with such disrespect? Or is it only the lowly guards who are unfit for all tasks but watch duty.  I demand, by your king and by your honor, little as it is, to be let through.”   

“You demand nothing!  Close the gates, let him meet the wolves.”  Another stone bounced against the gravel, glancing off the seer’s knee this time, and a second trail of blood joined the first.

“Not just disrespectful, but a coward too then?  Can you only throw rocks at an old man?”  

“Stop the gates!”  Ordered the guard.  Then, he lowered his voice, “I’m in the mood for some sport, and to teach some lessons.”

Three sets of footsteps echoed down the guardhouse stairs and settled before the seer, blocking his path to the gate.

“What’s your name?  I like to know my vermin before I clean them off the streets.”

The speaker remained invisible to the seer, but to his right and left the men shimmered with dark red chords that knotted across their bodies.  In an almost imperceivable fashion, his hands tightened on the staff and he planted his feet slightly farther apart.  He had not been expecting this, had not expected a magical resistance in here of all places, but the *Vrael* would be having the same weakening effect on them as him.  

“Dyrius.  It would be in your best interest to remember that, boy, for when you have to explain to your superiors how an old man managed to best you and your two pets.”

“Pets?  You call them pets?”  The guard laughed, “Even when you had eyes, you would never have seen anything like them.  Now you surely never will.  Listos, Calist, make him scream.” 

The attack came without hesitation.

The figure on the left raised its hands as the seer sidestepped, more agile than his age would indicate, allowing the fiery inferno blast to slip harmlessly beside him.  The air where he had been standing moments before radiated with heat, crackling, and smelling strongly of ozone and sulfur- though the energy was sapped by the *Vrael*, the attack would have still been fatal. 

The  seer whirled, holding his staff in both hands, and connected the end with the figure’s torso.  It doubled over, a grunt sounding disturbingly too deep rushing from its throat, and the seer pulled a silver dagger from his belt and drove it through the back, piercing through the chest to the heart.  An inhuman scream escaped its lips, chilling the night, and the glowing red chords extinguished themselves before it reached the ground.

The seer cried out as a sharp piercing pain exploded from his back, and he felt the second figure reeling backwards for a second blow.  He cursed and spun, cracking his walking stick in half with a deft blow to the head.  The red clad figure stumbled and raised both hands, dissipating fire spewing from the palms towards the injured seer, catching him in the hip as he drove the dagger downward, past the hands spewing fire, where it cut through the breastplate and entered its chest.  Like the first it fell, the red chords unweaving themselves and dissipating into the air as Dyrius lunged forward, groping at where the guardsman had been standing. 

His hands found a rough cloak and gripped it tight, yanking upwards underneath the guard's throat, nearly lifting him from the ground.

“Dyrius. Never forget that boy.  Do you wish to live?”  He whispered to the guard’s shocked breathing.  Words failed the guard, due to his rapidly closing windpipe as much as his surprise, and Dyrius spoke again.

“Do you have any more pets at your gate?”  

“No!  Just two!”  Said the guard, barely able to manage those few words.

“Good.  Then my quarrel is not with you.”  

Then Dyrius whipped broken half of his walking stick against the guard’s temple, dropping him to an unconscious heap to the ground.  The seer moaned, noticing just how rapidly his own breaths were coming, and felt with two fingers he felt the burned just below his ribcage, and the cut in his back.  The blood was flowing much too fast for his comfort, exiting the wound in rapid spurts where claws had ripped into his skin, claws that were each as sharp and long as his own dagger.  Reaching down, he tore the guards cloak into strips, and tied a hasty bandage to staunch the flow before stealing inside the gate.

*Demons*, he thought. *Infesting the city guard itself. I fear I may be too late.*

He hurried then down the street, keeping a hand to the wall and tapping his way along with a broom handle he had happened upon outside of a closed bakery.  Behind him, small drops of blood trailed among his footprints.

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3zdmer/life_magic_chapter_17/

*****

**Question from Leo:  Do you need a list of definitions and reminders that I should link to this?  For instance:**

**Atriel**:  Golden metal that amplifies magic

**Vrael**:  Silver metal that dampens magic

**Querkus**:  City where Cinis lives, and Jessica is headed

**Angels**:  Air magic race

**IF this is something you all would want, it would be awesome if one of you would make a list and post it onto the sub.  Being the author, it's hard for me to tell what is obvious/easy to remember and what it not.**Chapter 1 found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3u1uhv/leo_comments_on_wp_in_a_world_where_wizardry_is_a/

**Chapter 15, Cinis**

“Uncle, how could you let them do that to you?”  Said Cinis when the left, wringing a dishrag in his hands and imagining it was Avalinious’ neck.

Rearden sighed and cast him a tired look.

“Cinis, there are things more important than money.  Should you have fought them, you would have been locked away.  I value your life over my possessions.  Plus the tavern would be raided by the guard, and I would rather pay their petty tax then have them looking amongst my things.  It will pass, Cinis.  We must bear the weight for the time being.”

“But uncle-” Started Cinis, and his uncle cut him off.

“*No*, Cinis.  There are things that I, as an old man, have come to know that you have not.  Do not question me in this matter.  Now go, there is tidying to be done before the evening rush, and I have work to do.  I do not wish to hear about this again,”  he said, then he departed, unlocking the door of his study, and leaving Cinis to clean the bar.

Cinis frowned, then wet the cloth, and scrubbed at the wood surface, attacking it with a vigor.  There was a paint atop the wood, one that prevented the stains from reaching its center, but he always felt that it was out of place and wished they had left the bar bare.  It would look better that way, and scrubbed at is as if to remove the paint itself.

“He wasn’t always that way,” Said Libus from a table beside the bar, speaking into the beer, “Scars like that don’t come from running taverns, and tucking your tail between your legs every time someone comes knocking.”

Cinis stopped his scrubbing, and looked down at Libus, remembering when the man had first come to their tavern.  It had been two years before, and he had marked his territory near the back, at a six person table that seemed to blend into the shadows.  Over time, he received visitors to that table, men and women who would would whisper in the darkness, and ordered less beer than was typical for the tavern during their discussions.

And he was one of the few people that Cinis knew from beyond the wall.

“How drab and dreary it is, in this wasteland,”  He had said to Cinis the first time they had met, as Cinis brought two brews to his table, “No magic to speak of.  No one to froth my beer, or put a Ember char to my meat.  A spiceless place indeed.”

“Excuse me?”  Cinis had said, when Libus waited for his response, “What do you mean?”

“No magic, boy,”  He had answered, drinking half his first beer in a single pull, spilling no liquid down his clean shaven face, “Makes the world dull.  Even the interesting rumors seem to get quashed out here. Which is a shame, because few I do hear are *most* interesting.”

Cinis laughed, taking the now empty beer and leaving Libus with the full one, “Surely you don’t believe those rumors.  Hah, magic.  It’s all tricks and illusions, I hear.  The stuff of stories.”

Libus eyes him until Cinis shifted, then spoke, “I’ve seen it boy.  And trust me, outside the wall, you would be the stuff of stories.  One as ignorant as you would make a good fool in them.”

Cinis frowned, then turned his back on Libus to return to the bar.

“Come back here, boy. Should you ever want to learn what the world is really like, all you have to do is ask.  I’d make a most excellent educator.  But for now, take these for your service over the next few weeks.  I have no use for them, and they’re but trinkets in the outside world, but I’d suggest you learn to use them.  The way things are going, you might need to, soon.”

He placed two knives on the table, spinning them on the wood.  Their blades were silver- skinnier than Cinis was used to seeing, with edges on both sides.  They reached a serration near the hilt, which was wrapped in inky black leather that tapered towards the center to fit the palm, and capped with a small stone at the end.  Golden ink was etched into that stone, a symbol that Cinis failed to recognize, a swirling that reminded him of a fingerprint.

“Expertly balanced,”  Said Libus, “Well crafted.  They’re meant for throwing, boy, so don’t go around trying to stab with them.  I’d suggest you’d toss them to kill and run, should you ever get into a skirmish.”

Cinis picked up the knives, his mouth slightly open as his ran a thumb along the blade’s edge.  It was rough, catching at his skin- the sign of the sharpest knives, with no nicks or chips from past use.

“There’s no way these are trinkets,”  He said, and Libus shrugged.

“Perhaps they aren’t.  Accept them for your service, boy.  And more importantly, as you serve my table, accept them for your silence.”

Cinis had taken them, and now, two years later, they were still in his belt.  They had yet to be used, except for the small target he had set up in his room and practiced on, and they still looked new- the metal failing to rust or tarnish even when he had been caught outside in a storm and they had been drenched.  

Libus continued speaking, his eyes still on his beer, as Cinis looked towards him from behind the bar.

“Outside the wall, that tax collector would watch his tongue.  It wouldn’t be tolerated.”

“Well, we’re not outside the wall,”  Said Cinis.

“Don’t remind me,” Said Libus with a sigh, “But you listen here, boy.  I don’t intend to let him, to let them, the guards, to walk on us forever.  Or to bear by the order of that insufferable king.  And neither should you.”

Then Libus stood, walking over to the bar, and placed a coin on the countertop.

“A *tip*,” he said, his voice mocking, “For the trouble.  Should you ever wish to have another chance at those guards, simply search for this.”

Then he left the bar, his cloak shifting as he walked, his long black hair spilling over the edge.  Cinis picked up the coin, realizing it was no form of currency used in Querkus.  Instead, it had a symbol on it, a symbol of a beetle-like bug.

https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/3ykkoj/life_magic_chapter_16/