Luna_LoveWell
For two months. I was banned last week but I was trying to explain my side of the story to the mods and hoped to get unbanned.

Pretty upset about it to the point where even my boss noticed and asked me what was wrong. I couldn't exactly explain to him that it's because I will no longer be able to post on the site where I waste all of my time at work. 

~~I don't even feel comfortable explaining why because I think the moderators there will find some fault with whatever I say and extend the ban~~. (Edit: I was going to refrain from trying to explain the cause, but that seems to just be causing more confusion.) In general terms that I think they would agree with, the mods thought that I was being unfair and hypocritical in how I criticized some aspects of the subreddit that I dislike and that because I have a sizeable number of readers here that my words would carry more weight than criticism from the average user.  I'd also ask that you don't harass them or anything, because that will just make it worse.

In case that last sentence was not clear enough, **please** do not message the mods about me or on my behalf or anything like that.

So... not really sure what to do. I guess I'll keep writing and posting here for you all. I will also probably put more emphasis on Patreon; I just started a new story about a psychic Orc detective that I was excited about. So I guess that's something for all of you Patrons to look forward to.

I just thought you all deserved the reason behind why I may not be posting frequently anymore. Sorry to disappoint.

-----

The response to this has really blown me away. I *never* expected that it would be this big. I .**[EU] For generations, Hogwarts students have been divided into four houses. As you sit beneath the Sorting Hat, you become the first student chosen for a mysterious fifth house.**

---

"My word," the Hat said. "What a peculiar mind.  I certainly do love a challenge! Let's see what we have to work with here. Smart, certainly. But you're not the Ravenclaw type. They care only for books and spells, not creativity and ingenuity. Hufflepuff is a possibility; you seem like a fine fellow. But there's a vein of courage and pride that that dear Helga would not have approved of. No, no: that's Gryffindor's expertise."

My eyes lit up as he said Gryffindor, and the front row of the Great Hall tensed up as if expecting the announcement to come soon. Everyone wanted to be in Gryffindor; that was the house of Harry and Hermoine and Ron! 

"They'd certainly love to have you, I'm sure. But I don't think it would be the right fit. You seem to be more cautious and calculating than some of those headstrong lugs. Slytherin, perhaps? I think not; I don't sense the manipulative ambition in you. You have pride, but not arrogance. You have desire, but not greed. My my, a strange specimen indeed."

Headmaster Chang was beginning to get impatient; she glanced at the gold pocketwatch in her hand and smiled reassuringly at me. 

The deliberation continued for half an hour. A cluster of teachers had gathered in a corner, whispering in hushed tones and occasionally glancing back at the stage. I could tell that they were trying to guess if something was wrong with me. 

*Maybe there's no place for me,* I thought, panicking just a bit. *Maybe they'll send me home and tell me to try Durmstrang instead.*

Just as Headmaster Chang stood from the table and made her way onto the stage, the hat cried out. Everyone in the room perked up; I think some people had assumed it fell asleep on my head or something.

"AHAH!" it shouted with a cackle that echoed through the enormous hall. "I've got it!" 

Headmaster Chang retreated a bit.

"AMBARET!" the hat announced.

The hall was silent; the other students weren't sure if they should clap or not. He hadn't said one of the houses. Headmaster Chang, however seemed to know what that meant. She let out a tiny whisper: "Oh my..."**[WP] Cause of death appears to you as floating text over people's heads with no time indication. You start noticing a trend.**

---

I stop noticing the causes after a while. They were boring. Lots of heart disease and various types of cancer. I was in college; those things were years and years down the road. Every once and a while, I'd see things like "suicide" or "automobile crash." Though sad and preventable, I had no real way of knowing when it would happen or why. So there was nothing I could do about it. 

But some deaths were preventable, or changed based on new events in the world. On my way to class, I saw a young lady walking nearby with a cause that could be easily prevented: "Drug Overdose." I'm normally not one to reach out to strangers, but I figured I had to get involved. This was definitely a college-age cause of death. I ran across the quad and asked her out. She was shocked, but smiled shyly and accepted. Her name was Sarah, and her sign changed after about a month of us dating. Now, it says "dementia;" I still check every morning when I wake up. It's sad, but I take comfort in knowing we'll live a long life together.

After a few years, I learned to just tune the signs out. I had so much on my mind now. Work, baby on the way, mortgage, student loans... far too much for me to be worrying about how other people might die. Sure, I got involved when I could, but that wasn't very often. And who am I to thwart fate?

My boss entered my office with a new client folder and dumped it on my desk, on top of the 10 other folders requiring my attention. "Howard is out sick today," he informed me, "so you need to take this one." I rolled my eyes and looked up, ready to argue. But instead of the usual "heart attack" floating over his head, he had a new one. Bright green, like how I picture radioactive sludge. And it said "Plague."

I was too distracted to argue. I'd never seen a "plague" sign before. I stood up from my cubicle and glanced around the office at my coworkers. 7 of them had changed to "plague" as well. When had this happened?? As I watched, a secretary's red "suicide" sign changed to "plague" as well. 

I hopped online looking for any news about some new disease or anything. Nothing. I searched for outbreaks and 'mystery' illnesses and any other search term I could think of. Nothing. Maybe it was a long way off. Maybe I had plenty of time. 

I left early that day. I couldn't be in the office. As I walked to the subway station, I began to notice more and more green. And more and more people were changing by the minute. From the looks of it, the plague would already be killing about half of New York, and that number was growing. Nearby, someone coughed, with that disgusting hacking sound of fluid-filled lungs. I scrambled across the street in utter terror and ran the rest of the way home.

Sarah was working at her desk when I arrived. Thank god; her sign was unchanged. She wouldn't be infected, at least not yet. She rubbed her tummy with a smile as I entered. "I felt him kick today," she said, practically bursting with the news. I was too distracted to react; she was crestfallen. "We need to get out of town," I said, trying to hide the panic in my voice. Her face let me know that I was failing miserably. "What is it?" she asked. I had already made my way to the bedroom and started throwing things in suitcases. I didn't have time to argue.

We made our way down to the street to get a cab. I was lugging two enormous suitcases, and dragging Sarah behind me. She was confused and scared, but had agreed to come along. At least for now. Outside, the street was a sea of bright green. I heard more and more coughing. 

We finally got into a cab. The driver had a bright green 'Plague' sign over his head. "Where to?" he asked. "JFK," I said. Well, 'shouted' would be more of an apt description.

As we drove, the thick haze of green changed suddenly to a bright purple that I'd never seen before. Almost every green sign was now gone; the few that remained were probably going to be the first outbreak victims. The purple letters spelled out "Nuclear explosion."**[EU] Lord Voldemort's subjugation of the British magical community is successful and he now turns to nearby Scandinavia. To his surprise, he encounters Nordic aurors who are not only unafraid of death, but who eagerly battle him to enter Valhalla, like the Vikings of old.**

-----

Lord Voldemort stood in the very center of the harbor in Bergen, Norway. Waves lapped at his heels, but the water underfoot was as steady as dry land. He thought that this might make a more dramatic show for the muggle simpletons; they believed their savior could walk on water, so perhaps they’d be more accepting of their doom if he could too. *A simple trick*, Voldemort mused. *Any second year at Hogwarts would certainly know how to do it, and yet the Muggles were always more awed by that ability than anything else.* So he naturally took advantage of their stupidity, and was going to put on a show for them. The sooner they turned in the wizards hiding amongst them, the better. They'd all be killed regardless, but it would be more efficient if the muggles helped.

At his back, a swarm of Death Eaters were clustered in the fog. He was pleased to see how swollen their ranks had become; their numbers had nearly doubled since the fall of Britain. The wizards here in the North had obviously learned what happened to those who resisted in the Ministry. And yet there were still some who refused to join. Who even *fought back*. So the message apparently needed to be made clearer. Which is why, along with the swarm of Death Eaters, a hundred prisoners stood in the bay as well. The images of them were projected across the clouds so that the whole city might witness what was about to happen.

“First, to our Muggle audience tonight: you are helpless against us.” His voice was barely a whisper, but it was magically magnified to the level of thunder booming down from the clouds. Every single person in the city was listening to his address whether they liked it or not. “I know that some wizards have promised to protect you, but they can’t. The sooner you turn them in, the better. Those of you that assist our efforts will be spared.” A lie, but Muggles always liked to have some hope to believe in. “And now to you members of the Bergen Resistance,” Voldemort said, “Your fool’s errand is nearly at an end. Those refugees from the Order of the Phoenix have lied to you. Misled you. There is no stopping me, and those who try will only meet one end: Death.” He turned and waved his wand, wrenching one of the Resistance wizards forward through the mist. “You. What is your name?”

The wizard glared back at Voldemort with icy blue eyes. “Kristian,” he answered. Though icy wind blew across the harbor from the mountains, the wizard didn’t shiver or even flinch. It was like his hatred of Voldemort was burning him from the inside. 

“Kristian, I give you a chance now. Submit before me, swear an oath to serve me, and I will not kill you.”

Kristian spit back in Voldemort’s face. The gob of saliva hung in the air, suspended by Voldemort’s magic. Then it dropped to the waves below and disappeared. Voldemort had been through this routine enough times to expect that from the first ‘volunteer’ from the crowd. 

“Very well, Kristian. Rolf, his wand, please.” A newer but promising Death Eater stepped forward and handed the wizard a wand. “Kristian, we will duel. And I will kill you. And then I will kill every last member of your group that refuses to submit to me. Do you understand?”

Kristian responded with a flash of green light and a shout: “AVADA KEDAVRA!” All moral ideas of not killing had pretty much gone out the window after the widely publicized Purge of London. The Killing Curse struck Voldemort straight in the chest, which stung a bit. But it was worth it for the effect of seeing every Resistance wizard’s jaw flap open. Many of them had not yet accepted that Voldemort was unkillable… and now the proof was right here before their very eyes. 

“Well met, Kristian.” Voldemort twirled his wand with an almost bored expression, then returned fire. Kristian’s body was thrown across the waves and sank beneath the foam before he even knew what hit him. 


------

“And your name, witch?” Voldemort asked the girl. She couldn’t have been older than 17, with long brown braids that hung down to her waist. 

“Anna,” the girl said. Her tone was just as defiant as Kristian’s, and the other 98 wizards and witches that Voldemort had killed after him. 

“And will you bow before me, Anna? Do you submit?”

“Never,” she shouted back, as loud as she could muster. And she did it with a smile on her face.

Somehow, that was the straw that broke the camel's back. Even among the staunchest Dumbledore supporters of the ministry, *some* had defected. And tonight, not a single one. “WHY?” Voldemort shouted. “WHY do you still fight? Have you had your eyes closed all night, girl? Did you not see me kill 99 of your friends? Do you *really* want that to happen to you too?”

She laughed, and it echoed across the sky, into Voldemort’s very core. “I should be so lucky!”

“You cannot win,” he said, almost *pleading* with her. He had no qualms about killing this girl; there had been thousands before her, and would be thousands after her. “You know that. You *know* that I have **defeated** Death itself.”

Anna laughed and shook her head, the way one does when a child utters some ridiculous notion. “You have not *defeated*, Death,” she said. “You have merely gotten good at hiding from him. Cowards hide from Death, and those of us brave enough to face him will be rewarded by the Gods in the end.”

“Gods?” Voldemort laughed. His underlings had told him how superstitious these Norse can be, but he hadn’t really believed it. “There are no Gods.”

Anna laughed again. “Says the man walking on water.” 

Voldemort snapped and thrust his wand forward, putting her under the Imperius curse. “*KNEEL*!” he hissed at her, and her knees fell into the waves, soaking the hem of her robes. 

“You can force my body to do what you want,” she grunted back, fighting back against the Imperious curse with everything she had but still unable to stand, “But my spirit stands tall.” 

“Fine, then.” He gestured for Rolf to bring the girl her wand. He allowed her to walk a ways down the waves, then she turned and pointed her wand at him. She immediately tried to hit him with a curse, which he blocked. “CRUCIO!” he shouted back. The crippling pain wracked her body, and she fell into the surf. He repeated it, torturing her over and over again till blood spurted from her mouth and into the ocean foam. Even some of the Death Eaters grew uncomfortable upon seeing how much pain he put her through.

Finally he let her stand. “Now will you submit?”

She couldn’t stand. Voldemort let her sink beneath the waves until only her head was above water. “Coward,” she finally managed to spit out. “You’ve only rewarded me with an honorable death.”

Voldemort twitched his wand, and sent her squirming body to the bottom of the bay until finally it fell still.

-------

Voldemort sat alone in his study. He’d made a quick trip back to Britain to fetch the book that now sat on his desk. It was full of ancient Norse runes, describing the most powerful ancient wizards of Scandanavia: Odin, Thor, Loki, and many others. Beyond the desk lay the broken body of the Hogwarts Runes Studies Professor, who Voldemort had killed in a fit of rage. *He was a mudblood anyway,* Voldemort told himself to bury the pang of regret that came from realizing he'd need to find someone else to translate the rest.

Also on the desk was a small diadem, silver with a large blue jewel in the middle. It was another little souvenir that Voldemort had picked up on his trip back to Hogwarts. He hadn’t taken his eyes off of it in over an hour. 

There was a soft knock on the door. Voldemort managed to pry his eyes off of the Diadem long enough to allow Rolf to enter.

“Well?” Voldemort asked. “Any progress?” They’d given the Resistance two hours to turn themselves in, or to allow the Muggles to turn the wizards in for them. Voldemort didn’t need to be a skilled Legilimens to understand Rolf’s body language: the whole night had been an utter failure.

“No, my Lord.” Rolf said. “Not a single one.” He took a step back, as if expecting that Voldemort might want someone living to use as an outlet for his rage. But surprisingly, Voldemort didn’t even seem to care.

“Very well,” he said. His eyes went back to the shimmering blue jewel in the middle of the Diadem. Rolf stood awkwardly in the doorway, waiting to be dismissed. It was almost like Voldemort had forgotten he was here. Just as Rolf was about to slowly try slipping away, Voldemort spoke again. “Rolf? What do you know of Valhalla?”

“Errr… it is a place in the ancient legends. A hall where warriors go if they die in combat against a worthy foe. Where they can fight alongside the Gods themselves until Ragnarok.”

“A worthy foe…” Voldemort repeated under his breath. Then he fell silent again, still staring at the Diadem. Once again, Rolf was just starting to take a soft step back to exit the room when Voldemort spoke. “Rolf, I need you to find something for me.”

“Yes, my Lord. Anything you need.”

Voldemort picked up the Diadem and held it gently in his hands. “A basilisk fang, if you please. I have some errands to run.”**[WP] You never smiled in your life. After overhearing this, a random girl makes it her duty to make you smile.**

-------

"No way. I don't believe you." Her stormy eyes were narrowed as she leaned over the back of her chair to face us. 

I looked at my friend Jacob, a bit confused. Did he know this girl? Or had she simply been eavesdropping on our conversation? Over lunch, I'd been telling him about a coworker who thought I was creepy for not smiling when she decided to interrupt. "It's true," I told her. "I don't smile." Jacob, who'd known me for years, confirmed that. I'm just a dispassionate person. 

"A German man is going through customs in France..." she started, already smirking slightly as she prepared to drop the punchline.

"Occupation?" I interrupted, ruining the end for her. "No, just visiting." I'd heard that one before. I've heard pretty much *every* joke, because that's *always* how people react when they learn that I don't smile. As if they are the first person to ever think to try that. And of course it never works. 

She pursed her lips. "I'm not giving this up until you smile," she warned.

I shrugged. "Good luck."

-----

"Come on!" Andrea shouted. The golden retriever puppy in her arms was busy licking away at my emotionless face. "Who can't smile at *puppies*?" She'd dragged me to the breeder, convinced that this was foolproof. After introducing herself at lunch that day, she'd taken down my phone number and told me that everyone deserves something in their life that will make them smile. This was her fourth attempt, and true to her word, she showed no sign of relenting.

"I'm just not much of an animal person, I guess." I patted the little guy on his furry head, but my lips remained motionless. 

Andrea gave a *hrmph* of disappointment, then sat down on the floor and was immediately buried in a stampede of little paws. She was smiling enough for the both of us.

------

We held hands as we strolled along the boardwalk in the moonlight. She was wearing a yellow sundress, and ocean waves lapped at the shore to our left. I'd remained expressionless through dinner, and even the supposedly funny movie that we went to after. She refused to let the date end without at least one smile. 

Normally women aren't too interested in a man who doesn't smile. It's always been a bit of a curse of mine, but Andrea didn't seem to mind. So when she showed up at my job in a full clown suit (makeup and everything) in an attempt to make me laugh, I decided that I probably shouldn't let this one go. 

"Someday I'll get it," she said, playfully tugging up on me cheeks. It made me look more like a dog with teeth bared than an actual human smile. 

"I'm telling you, it won't happen. You've tried everything by now." 

We stopped, and she put her hands on my waist. "Not everything." Then she stood on her tip-toes and kissed me on the lips. 

It didn't work.

----------------

We were both panting and sweating by the time we reached the very top of the mountain. She plopped down on a rock and drank from her water bottle while we admired the view. A carpet of reds, yellows, and oranges from the perfect New England autumn stretched as far as the eye could see, and a shroud of mist settled at the very bottom of the valley below.

Andrea set down the water bottle and grinned. She was *always* smiling, even more than when I'd first met her. Maybe compensating for the fact that I never did. 

"Well? What do you think?" She spread her arms wide. Over the past few months, she'd decided that perhaps if "funny" wouldn't work, then maybe something awe-inspiring. So far, no luck.

"Really beautiful," I said. *But not enough to make me smile.*

She sighed and reached into her backpack to begin preparing lunch. It had been a long hike. "Damn. I really thought this might work."

I sat down next to her. "What if it *never* works?" Andrea had been trying to get me to smile for over two years now. 

She leaned her head on my shoulder. "It's like I told you when we first met: I'm not going to give up."

There was a silence between us as we both looked out over the valley. I took a deep breath, and made up my mind right then and there. I'd been debating with myself for a while, but that sealed the deal. I stood from the rock and got down on one knee in front of her. From my back pocket, I took out the ring and asked her to marry me.

Andrea was speechless. She took the ring from the box and put it on her finger without saying yes. "On one condition," she finally said. "Smile for me. Right now. Of all moment, this is when you should be smiling!"

I tried. I didn't have a mirror, but it felt quite similar to the face I made when I got seasick. 

She laughed and kissed me. "It was worth a shot. Of course I'll marry you."

-----

Jacob held his glass of champagne aloft. "Even that day, I knew that it was something special," he told everyone at the reception, referring of course to that fateful lunch where she'd interrupted our conversation. "I'd seen plenty of people try to get him to smile with no success, but I just had a good feeling about this one." He nodded to Andrea, whose blushing cheeks contrasted with her white dress. "Well, Andrea, now that you two are bound by law," the crowd laughed a bit, "I feel that I can safely tell you this: he hasn't *stopped* smiling around all the rest of us since that day. He only kept up the charade so that you'd keep trying to make it happen."

Andrea turned to me with the same skeptical, eyes-narrowed expression she wore that first day we met. 

And I answered with a sheepish grin.**[WP] Your roommate is literally the Devil. Surprisingly, he is the best roommate you ever had.**

----

I pulled the cellophane-wrapped pieces of meat from out of the fridge and checked the label. Useless, of course. Though I was grateful that Satan always kept the fridge fully stocked, I just wish that he would go to a grocery store that sold things in English. Everything that he brought home was marked with like, ancient Sumerian cuneiform or something. 

"Satan, what is this?" I asked, holding up the package over the counter in the kitchen so that he could see it from the living room. He looked just like any other guy. Tall, kind of lanky, with black hair and black eyes. Not breathtakingly handsome, but not too bad either. And when he spoke, he had just the slightest hint of an accent that I just couldn't quite place. Probably because it wasn't from anywhere on Earth. 

He was deep into a game of Battlefront, enjoying frying some rebel scum as the Emperor. You'd think he'd get tired of that sort of thing (given what he does for a living) but apparently not. "Uhh, what does it look like?" he asked, not taking his eyes off of the screen. 

I looked back down at the pieces of meat. It was pinkish. "It looks like pork chops," I told him. 

"Gah!" he shook the controller violently; someone had killed his character. Finally he looked up at the package in my hands with a swift glance. "Yeah, totally pork," he answered.

"You sure?" There were some parcels in the fridge marked "DO NOT EAT" (in English, for me) that he got for his demon friends that occasionally came over. And they looked *very* similar to pork. 

He squinted at the cuneiform writing. "Yeah, it's pork."

"Cool." I ripped open the packaging and put a pat of butter into a pan. "You want some dinner too? Cider-glazed pork chops?"

"Sounds awesome!" he said, going back to his game. 

I hummed as I cooked. It had been a long time since I'd done that. There was just something so comforting about listening to the sizzling pan, mixed with the sound of explosions and blaster fire coming from the TV (as well as some intermittent shouting from Satan as his Tie fighter was shot down). And the smell of the onions sauteing. And the warmth coming from the pan. It just felt... like home. 

There was a loud thumping on the door, like someone was trying to get in with a battering ram. Satan glanced at me with a quizzical look, then towards the door. "I got it," He got up from the couch just as I started to move away from the pan. "You keep an eye on my dinner," he said with a grin. 

I heard the creak of hinges, followed shortly by Tom's voice. My blood ran cold immediately. "Where's Sarah?" he shouted at Satan. 

"And who might you be?" Satan answered calmly. I had told him about the situation when I moved in, of course. That I'd just gotten out of a relationship, and that it hadn't exactly ended well. But I really hadn't gone into all the details about *why* we'd broken up, and *how* Tom had acted when I finally broke the news to him. Satan didn't need to know that. That was between me, Tom, and the cops who had responded that night. 

"Her *boyfriend*," Tom answered. Even without seeing him, I could tell that he was itching to pick a fight. "Now *where is she?* We need to talk."

"You know," Satan told him, "I don't think she really wa..."

"It's ok," I interrupted him, coming into the hallway behind Satan. "It's fine. We can talk."

Tom had a smug grin on his face, and he glared at Satan. "Yeah. We just need to talk. So butt out."

Satan was still standing between the two of us. He glanced at me with his thick black eyebrows arched, silently asking 'you sure you're ok with this?' I gave him a very slight nod, and he backed away and let me pass into the doorway. 

Once Satan went back into the living room, Tom grabbed me by the wrist and pulled me out onto the porch. He reached around me and slammed the door shut. "What the *fuck*, Sarah? You're *already* shacking up with some other guy?"

"We're not *shacking up!*" I shouted back at him, though my voice was breaking with fear. "He's just my *roommate*."

Tom scoffed. "Yeah, *bullshit*. Was this already going on when we were dating?" He clenched his teeth and breathed heavily through his nostrils. "I swear, Sarah, if you were cheating on me..."

"I *just* told you," I shouted back at him, "There's nothing going on between us! And besides, it's none of your business. I *dumped you*, remember?"

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw his hand clench into a fist, and rage flashed through his eyes. My body tensed up involuntarily, expecting the blow.

The front door swung open again. "All right, buddy. Time for you to go," Satan told Tom. "*NOW*."

"Or what?" Tom asked, puffing out his chest and turning away from me. "You going to call the cops? Why don't we settle this like men?" He cracked his knuckles and grimaced, as if he wasn't being clear enough already.

Satan stepped out onto the porch with an affable smile. "Gladly," he answered. "Except..." 

He began to grow. It was hardly noticeable at first, but he was Tom's height in just a matter of seconds, whereas he'd been at least three inches shorter when he stepped through that doorway. And not just up, but *out*. Muscles bulged from his arms and chest and legs until he looked like a bodybuilder. His pale skin turned fire-engine red, and a bristly black goatee sprouted from his chin in a matter of seconds. His affable smile became horrifying and menacing when his teeth became sharpened fangs. And, as a nice little cherry on top, thick ram's horns sprouted from his forehead and spiraled out until the spiky tips were jutting into Tom's face.

"Except I'm *not* a man," he boomed in a terrifyingly deep voice.

Tom bolted back to his car with a wet stain on his crotch. He didn't even *look* at me. 

"What's the matter?" Satan crowed after him. "I thought you wanted to settle this!" His taunt was answered by the squeal of tires, and a crash as Tom reversed out of his parking spot and straight into the back of another car in the lot. Satan let out a deep, booming laugh and put one massive arm over my shoulder. "Come on, Sarah. We wouldn't want dinner to burn." He led me back inside, and slowly transformed back into his human self.

"I'm sorry you had to see that," he finally told me.

"No, I..." I really didn't have words. Tears began to roll down my cheeks. "No, *I'm* sorry. For Tom. And for not telling you what an asshole he was. And.. and... thank you, so much. You just... *God*, I'd give anything for a drink right now."

Satan smirked. "I told you not to use that name in this house." He crossed the room and found a bottle of white wine in the fridge, then poured me a glass.

I reached out to take it, but he jerked it away quickly. "Ah ah ah! Not so fast." He twirled the stem of the glass deftly between his fingers. "You said you'd give *anything* for a drink?" His smile became wicked and devious. "How about *your soul*?"

I stared at him in shock, unsure how to respond. As soon as he revealed who he really was, I *knew* this day would come eventually. I just hadn't thought it would be *now*. All I could think of was that the onions were starting to burn.

"Nah, I'm just fucking with you," he laughed, handing me the drink. 


-----


Prequel, Part 1: .

Prequel, Part 2: 

Sequel, Part 1: 

Sequel, Part 2: 

Sequel, Part 3:**[WP]: Children are named by the traits they are fated to have - Brave, Serene, Deeply Caring, Unmoved - and of course your lovely daughter, Bites People.**


----

Mistress Gentle led the way down the hall. Our footsteps pattered on the linoleum; I was shocked at how *quiet* it was in here. I would have expected an orphanage to be full of the usual noises of children: laughing, crying, screaming, etc. 

“And you’re sure you want to adopt, Mr…” Mistress Gentle gulped before saying my name; people often did. “Mr… uh… Stabs People?” Her eyes darted back down to the background check that I’d had to pass before being allowed to adopt a child. How many times was this that she’d read it over just to make sure? It of course mentioned all the trouble I’d been in as a youngster, and how many people I’d stabbed. But that was all in the past, and according to the form I was now an upright citizen. Not that anyone believed that, with my name. “It’s not for everyone, you know.”

“I’m quite sure,” I told her as we walked. “I’ve always wanted kids.” Unfortunately it turns out that finding a stable life partner is a bit of a challenge when you’re named ‘Stabs People.’

“I see.” Mistress Gentle tried to smile at me, but it just looked like she was seasick. The idea of letting Mr. Stabs People walk away with a child from her orphanage would keep her up at night for weeks despite the reassurances from the state that I am completely rehabilitated. Some people have this idea that you can *never* change your name trait. I don't believe that at all, but Mistress Gentle clearly did.

We arrived at a door marked “Dormitory C” at the end of the hall. “I’m sure we’ll be able to find a suitable match for you here,” she said. The door clicked open, revealing a few rows of bunk beds. Inside, children were reading, playing games quietly, etc. They all looked up like exhibits at the zoo as Ms. Gentle and I strolled through the room. 

“This here is Stubborn,” she said, introducing a boy with curly brown hair. “And this here is Trust Issues,” she waved at a young girl with dark skin and green eyes. That one was certainly a self-fulfilling prophecy. She continued around the room, introducing children with various inconvenient name traits. Adoptive parents only wanted Ms. Smells Like A Rose; it was no wonder that these poor kids had all been left behind. 

In the corner, I noticed a huddled mass under a zebra-striped blanket. “And who is this?” I asked as I gently lifted the blanket.

“Oh, careful!” Mistress Gentle shouted just as a pair of teeth lunged for my hand from under the blanket. I was just barely able to avoid being bitten by the little girl hiding underneath. She promptly pulled the blankets back over her face and continued hiding in her corner. “That,” Mistress Gentle said, “Is Bites People. She… well…” The name made it pretty clear. I also noticed that Bites People’s bunk mate had a circular bruise on her forearm.

I remained crouched near the little girl, no older than three or possibly four. “Bites People,” I said, gently pulling the blanket away. “I’m Stabs People.” She didn’t recoil in fear like every other person I’ve ever met. I can't even tell you how much that meant to me. Instead, she just bared her teeth. So I offered her my arm. “Go ahead,” I told her. “You can bite me if you really want to.” 

She glanced at my arm, then back at me. Her lips quivered a bit and then fell back into place over her teeth and formed a fearful frown. 

“Good job, Bites People!” Mistress Gentle enthused. “Your training is really working!” *Training*, I thought. *Like a dog.*

“Bites People, would you like to come stay with me for a while?” I asked. “It would just be temporary to see if things would work out between us.”

Mistress Gentle took a step back. “This one?” She didn’t even bother hiding the incredulity in her voice. *Should have been Mistress Judgmental,* I thought to myself. 

I picked up Bites People in my arms. Poor thing was shaking. But she didn’t try to bite me; she just hugged my shoulder close and whimpered softly. “Yes, this one,” I told her. 

-----

“RRRROOOOOWWWRRRRR!!!!” I formed my hands into claws, held my elbows close to my chest, and became a T-Rex. Bites People squealed with fear and delight and went running off through the house as I stomped after her. She pattered through the kitchen and around the dining table; I followed with loud, heavy steps that echoed down the hall. Finally I caught up to her and scooped her up in my arms, vowing to eat her for dinner. She giggled, and just for a moment I reflected on how completely different she was after only 2 months at home. 

“Dino Movie?” I asked her. She nodded and squirmed in my arms as I carried her to the couch.

I flicked on the TV and once again pulled up her favorite movie: the Land Before Time II. We’d already watched it a few dozen times in the two months since her adoption, and she already had all the lines memorized. But I didn’t mind; after all that time in the orphanage, she deserved to have her choice for a while.

The movie came on, and Bites People watched with rapt attention, particularly any time Chomper was on screen. He was her favorite character: a ‘Sharptooth’ who had overcome his predatory instincts and made friends with all the herbivores. She cuddled up close to me on the couch as theme music played.

She was so engrossed in the film that she didn’t even notice her little tic: she was softly biting on my arm. Kind of in the absent-minded way that other kids would suck on their own thumb. And gently, of course: the way that a cat will nibble at a blanket while it kneads. Just a little love bite.Because I am getting married! I normally don't talk about my personal life very much, but I'm too excited to hold it in! Plus, you'd probably notice me being absent for a few weeks and might wonder what happened.

I'll be very busy with last minute planning and preparation, and then I am going to be on my honeymoon with no internet connection. So no writing for at least a few weeks. Sorry!!

If you're really itching for some more of my writing, then you can always pick up a copy of , a collection of stories as well as some new continuations! And if you already have it, you should leave a review when you've finished it!

So that's it. Hopefully you're not too disappointed, and hopefully you'll still be subscribed here when I return!**[wp] Everyone has a number over their heads that says how useful they are to society from 0-100. You have a number '4'. Your siblings are all in the nineties.**

----

Jessica, at 96, ranks highest in the family. She puts those 2 PhDs to work at the National Institute of Health, researching cancer cures. Mom and Dad are so proud. Andrea is second with 93. She's a trauma surgeon at the hospital in our home town, saving lives every night. Anthony comes in third at a close 92 (something that Andrea never lets him forget). Not surprising that the twins are closest in rank. He does something with aerospace engineering that will probably launch humanity into space someday. Next up is Sam, with 90. He's a successful entrepreneur, though most of his high score likely comes from the work of his charitable foundation.

And then there's the youngest, with the eye-popping score of **4**: me. When I was first born, no one could believe that it was true. Mom had a score of 75, Dad had an 82, and with all of my siblings... well, everyone just thought I'd be higher. Mom checked with the nurses *twice* make sure that there hadn't been some mix-up in the nursery. The government even revoked the high-potential stipend that Mom and Dad had been promised, which was given under the assumption that they'd create another 90+ kid who would change the world. Needless to say, my parents were disappointed. And they stayed that way for the next 18 years. 

Nothing changed when we were kids; I always got the short end of the stick. If anything went wrong around the house, my brothers and sisters had an easy scapegoat. Who was Mom going to believe: one of the perfect little 90+ angels, or the *4*? If there was a chore that needed to be done, it was mine. "I can't live up to my full potential if I don't get all my homework done," Jessica would whine to get out of the dishes even as she was planning to sneak out for the night with her boyfriend. Mom and Dad fell for it hook, line, and sinker. And so everything got passed on to the one kid who had no potential to live up to. 

All of my siblings went to the prestigious Morton Academy (which only allows pupils with a score of 80 or higher), while I went to the local public school. Even there, I was put into the "skills workshop," for my future life. It was the nicest possible way of telling me and the other 'under-10s' to accept our fate as a plumber or some shit, whose only purpose in life will be to clean up after the people like my brothers and sisters. We learned woodshop and metalworking and whatever other arts and crafts the administration could think of to take up our time. The consensus seemed to be that we'd all end up as drug addicts anyway so why bother spending money on any of our programs? Unsurprisingly, that's what ended up happening. Those of my classmates who didn't drop out ended up exactly where everyone thought they would be. Vagrants, welfare queens, burnout druggies... the dregs of society. 

And as for me... well, I'm not any of those things. I just left town, and society, altogether. Moved up to the mountains on my own and got myself a nice little patch of land as far away from everyone else as I could find. My woodworking skills ended up coming in handy after all: I built myself a nice cozy cabin on the edge of a quiet lake. There's no one else for *miles* around. It's just me and my dog, Buck.

In the spring, I plant vegetables while Buck chases bees. We fish in the summers, with Buck lazing in the front of the canoe until he gets too hot and dives in to scare off all the fish. In the fall, we go hunting, though he's a pretty bad tracker. And a bad retriever too. Luckily the deer around here are so plentiful that it's hard to take a shot and *not* hit one. And in the winters, we curl up by the fire and read. That's the one thing that I've kept from the outside world: a well stocked library.

I read everything. All the classics, of course. Philosophy, history, politics, scientific journals... everything I can get my hands on. Buck and I make a weekly trip down to the nearest town, and we raid the library with as many books as they'll let us check out. I've always been a voracious reader, even if my parents never encouraged it in me.

-----------


It's snowing outside. I set my book down and turn slightly, trying not to disturb the dog in my lap, with little success.  Buck stirs from his nap, stretches his legs out, and gives a big yawn. I glance out the window to check whether the lake outside has completely frozen over. But in the firelight reflecting off the window pane, I catch a glance of the '4' still floating over my forehead. For just a moment, I wonder where I'd be if that said '94' instead. Then Buck lays his head back down on my thigh, and I rub his belly. I don't care where I'd be; I'm happy here.**[WP] It's been 5 years since North Korea has gone dark, no communications in or out and the Northern posts of the DMZ have remained vacant; your heading the advance team entering North Korea to investigate what happened. This is your report.**

----

The helicopter’s skids skimmed the tops of the waves in the Yellow Sea. The stealth paneling should hide it from all radar, but just to be sure it was standard protocol to fly as low as possible. And the pilot, Lieutenant Owczarski, took that as a challenge to turn his bird into a boat.

In the back, eight Navy Seals waited in full gear. In their hands, each of them held a copy of the short transmission received only minutes ago from South Korean agent Gwang Eui-Tae:

> Underground since last contact. Rockets almost ready to launch. Intervene immediately. 

She’d gone quiet five years ago, just like every other spy and agent in the country. At first, intelligent sources thought there was just a purge, and a surprisingly effective one for the normally incompetent Kim government. The message largely confirmed that: something had happened to drive her underground. But it didn’t explain why she hadn’t been able to make it back to one of the safehouses right over the Chinese border, or why she hadn’t been able to make any contact in any other way. North Korea may be tightly controlled, but the point of satellite phones is that they work anywhere. 

The second part of the message was far more chilling: Rocket almost ready to launch. When communication was first cut off, world leaders braced for nuclear attack. It was the only thing that could explain withdrawing troops from the DMZ and the Chinese border. But after almost six months of evacuations in the South and the hurried installation of an anti-missile shield, it became apparent that there was no imminent attack. That didn’t mean the threat was gone for good, though: the only thing still coming out of North Korea was seismic data that showed repeated nuclear tests, growing in size every few months. They were certainly up to something but no one knew exactly what. Or, more importantly, *when* that something would be revealed and used against North Korea's neighbors. And now, the message from Agent Gwang made it clear that the time had come.

“All right,” Captain Morrow addressed the men, “Standard retrieval. The fact that this is North Korea doesn’t change anything.” Out the windows of the helicopter, shore was just becoming visible. There wasn’t even a single pinpoint of light across the entire horizon; no one had seen a light on in North Korea in years. “We need to get Gwang out and debrief her as soon as possible to find out how soon the attack will come. And if need be, we need to stay in and thwart the attack.” 

The men in the back of the helicopter nodded without question. They’d known what they were getting into when they joined the Navy Seals, and stopping an entire country from destroying half of Asia was just another Tuesday. Out the windows, the sea disappeared and was replaced by tree tops so close that they could have reached out and grabbed a branch if not for the doors of the helicopters. Owczarski certainly did enjoy taking risks. 

The silent skyline of Pyongyang came into view as the helicopter settled in for a landing in a park by the waterfront. They deployed out the back of the helicopter, guns swinging in all directions. But no one was there to greet them. The river that had once teemed with fishing boats and even a few freighters was now still. Even the buildings along the riverbank were overgrown, no longer kept up. That confirmed what satellite imagery and fly-overs had already guessed from seeing a few buildings crumbling and collapsed. 

“This is just unsettling,” Andrews growled into the microphone as they activated the night vision setting for their HUDs and advanced into the city. Cars rusted in the streets, not used for years now. At one intersection, they came upon a herd of deer peacefully grazing at the grass growing between cracks in the asphalt. “Where the hell is everyone?”

No one else had a response, but they all felt the same way. A firefight would be preferable to this gnawing, empty silence. How could *millions* of people just *vanish* like this? 

“Keep it together,” Captain Morrow told them. “We’re getting near the transmission point.”

In the street ahead of them, the triangular shape of the Ryugyong Hotel loomed over the rest of the city. The hotel was supposed to be North Korea’s crowning jewel, but as far as anyone in the intelligence community could guess, it had never seen a single occupant. Instead, it had been abandoned as a monument to the failure of the state. And according to the trace of Agent Gwang’s signal, that had been the one place she’d been able to transmit from. The team of seals snaked their way down the streets toward it with guns still at the ready, though it looked more and more like that wouldn’t be necessary. Finally they reached the edge of the hotel’s walls. 

“Sir?” Petty Officer Llewelyn had his hand against the concrete wall. “It’s… vibrating.”

The rest of the team joined him, placed their hands alongside his, and then exchanged looks that all said one thing: what the fuck is going on in this place?

“Let’s get inside,” Captain Morrow ordered. They weren’t here to investigate shaking walls, they were here to extract the South Korean informant. 

They made their way around the edge of the hotel. Lawns that had once been manicured were now overgrown, and ivy was beginning to creep up the side of the hotel. Satellite maps led the team straight to the doors of the hotel, which had once been made of glass but were now just gaping holes with a few remaining shards. “Some kind of insurrection, you think?” Petty Officer Graeber wondered aloud. 

“There’s no bodies,” Llewelyn answered. “If they’d turned on each other, there’d be bodies. And plenty more destruction.”

“Stow it,” Morrow barked as they entered the lobby. Despite having not seen a soul, they still didn’t want to give away their position should someone be in the hotel. Agent Gwang was still the objective. He led the way past the termite-eaten front desk of the hotel and down the hall, deeper into the interior. The vibrating grew worse and worse, making it hard to even walk. They arrived at a set of double doors marked with Korean that the auto-translating HUD in their helmets informed them said “Main stairway.” Morrow placed a charge on the door, urged them all back, and then detonated it. After waiting a moment to see if there was any reaction, the Captain charged in first and was nearly blinded as bright light overwhelmed his night vision. 

The interior was gleaming white and lit with enormous spotlights. The team changed their HUDs back to normal vision and entered what looked like a huge laboratory. Forgetting their discipline, they rushed over to the railing across from the door and looked down into the depths under the hotel. Below them was a hole that seemed to stretch *miles* into the earth, with row after row of balconies teeming with people. And filling that hole was an enormous rocket ship probably a hundred times larger than anything NASA had ever built. 

The HUD picked up the writing along the side of the rocket and automatically translated it for the seals: The People’s Ark.**[wp] after dying god informs you that hell is a myth, and "everyone sins, its ok". instead the dead are sorted into six "houses of heaven" based on the sins they chose.**

----


We arrived first at the House of Lust. "House" is a misleading term. It was more of a camp, spread over acres and acres of lush forest. There was a white sandy beach (nude, of course) full of copulating couples. There were little cabins sprinkled all along the path, from which orgasmic moans regularly came belting out. Men with six pack abs and women with perky breasts strolled by without even noticing me and God. They only had eyes for each other, tickling and pinching each other with flirtatious giggles. 

"What do you think?" God asked as we passed a nineteen-way taking place in a pool of champagne. Little cherubs flitted overhead armed with mops and cleaning supplies, thankfully. "Lust is our most popular sin." I eyed the supermodel-like figures of a couple passing nearby, and could easily see why. "You can look however you want. Hell, you can be whatever gender you want. No fetish is too taboo, and no desire can be denied here."

It was *quite* tempting, but I wasn't ready to make a permanent decision here. "Let's see the others," I told God.

We carried on to Greed. We passed rows and rows of mansions, each more opulent than the next. Some of them were so large that they would have had enough bed rooms to fit my entire hometown. And so many different styles: one second, we were in a beautiful French vineyard in front of a gorgeous chateau with the Alps in the background. The next second, a warm tropical beach with a modern mansion atop breathtaking cliffs. After that, a ski chalet in Colorado with a roaring fire in a hearth large enough to fit an ox. Each one had various Italian sports cars and Rolls Royces parked in front, with the occasional smattering of boats, helicopters, etc. 

"Any material desire you ever wanted," God explained. "Your own world, where you can have everything. You want the Hope Diamond? You can fly to Washington DC in your own solid gold helicopter and buy it from the Smithsonian. Hell, you can just *buy* the Smithsonian."

Also tempting, but I decided to keep looking. 

Gluttony was next up. Tables and tables of the very finest foods: beautiful steaks cooked medium rare; butter-poached lobster tail; fresh oysters on a half shell; exotic wines in dusty bottles that had been hiding in the cellars of the world's finest restaurants. Everyone had a glass of champagne in hand and simply lounged on couches and chairs near the tables, eating endlessly. As soon as the inhabitants took a bite, the food just instantly came back. My mouth watered even *watching* them.

"In every other House, the food is practically *sawdust* compared to Gluttony," God explained. "You haven't truly experienced heaven until you've been to Gluttony."

I shook my head, and we kept moving. 

Sloth was as you'd expect. An endless sea of the softest mattresses, stacked with cushions and pillows that made the story of the princess and the pea seem minimalist. Little angels visited each resident, giving them massages that made them all melt into their blankets. 

Wrath was... well, a lot like what I'd expect Hell to be like. Fire, brimstone, whips, torture.. you know, the works. Except here, you weren't the one being tortured. Every enemy you'd ever made in your real life was now under your thumb. "Lots of people choose their fathers," God explained. "Lots of grudges against parents in general, you know. But you're not limited to that. Someone beat you out for a big promotion back on Earth? Take your pound of flesh here."

Then we arrived at Envy. It looked... well, a lot like home. 

"Go on in," God said, gesturing toward the door. I turned the knob and walked in... and found Emily waiting inside. She ran forward, wrapped her arms around my neck, and planted a kiss right on my lips. "Welcome home, honey."

I looked back toward God. "Oh, don't be coy," he said. "You have no secrets from me. We all know that you were in love with your best friend's wife." She didn't seem to hear him at all; she went back into the hall. "We all know that you just *settled* for your own wife while secretly pining after her. Well, this is your chance to live happily ever after."

I peered into the kitchen. Emily was baking something, wearing nothing but an apron. Her curly black hair fell softly over her shoulder as she whisked ingredients. She turned back, noticed I was observing her, and an enthusiastic smile spread across her face. 

"It's what you've always wanted, isn't it?" God whispered in my ear. 

I wanted to take it. God *damn* did I want to take it. But I shook my head.

God seemed puzzled. "You need to make a decision," he told me. 

"I haven't seen Pride yet."

He scoffed. "No one ever wants Pride, trust me."

"Well, I want to see it."

----

Pride was boring. Just a row of workbenches in a bare white room.

"I don't get it," I told God.

"Yeah, no one does," he answered. "That's why no one ever chooses it. Doesn't cavorting in Lust sound better than sitting here building little trinkets for the rest of eternity? Wouldn't you rather gorge yourself in Gluttony? Or spend time with Emily in Envy?"

I considered the options again. "I pick Pride," I finally told him. 

He narrowed his eyes. "*What?* Look at it!" He gestured around the room again. There wasn't much to look at. "Why would you choose *this* for the rest of time?"

"Because you *don't* want me to pick it," I told him. If he was really God, he'd know what a contrarian I can be. And I knew he was hiding something, trying to pretend like Pride didn't exist. There was something special about it.

God scowled back. "Fine." He led me over to one of the workbenches. In the center, there was a black space. A blank, empty void that went on forever. "Here's your universe," he said. "You've got seven days to get started." He took his seat at the bench next to me and went back to tinkering in his own world. After a long pause, he finally spoke again: "You know, it might be nice for me to actually have some company for once."**[EU] Frustrated by inconvenient owls and quills, you are a Hogwarts student who tries to smuggle in superior mufggle technology**

----

“I got loose leaf!” I called out over the clamoring horde of students, holding up a stack of clean, white paper. Paper that was *not* in a fifteen-meter-long roll for no particular reason. “College-rule *and* graph paper!”

The crowded bathroom on the sixth floor of the Astronomy Tower where I conducted my little business erupted into shouts. *Everyone* had had those moments where they needed to find *one* potion recipe or *one* spell and had to unravel their scroll across the room just to read their notes. Customers were practically *grabbing* the binders of paper out of my hand. Lucy and Andru, the second-years that I had working as my cashiers, couldn’t stuff the galleons into sacks fast enough! 

“Everyone calm down!” I shouted. There was not enough room in here for a riot. For the tenth time this week, I debated moving shop to a bigger venue, like the Room of Requirement. “Everyone will get their supplies, OK? We’ve got enough to go around!” I wasn’t so sure of that last part, but it was better than a stampede. 

What had started with my mother sending me a ball-point pen to use instead of a clumsy quill had quickly grown into a full-blown business venture. Other muggle-born students also missed some of the most convenient parts of the muggle world, and were willing to pay good money to bring some small items into the castle. And it turns out that I was the only one at school with a Muggle friend living in the next village over from Hogsmeade. While the rest of my peers enjoyed butterbeer at the Three Broomsticks, I was off collecting inventory. By now, word had spread through the castle and even purebred Slytherins and Gryffindors who’d never so much as ventured into the Muggle world were clamoring for our sweets and school supplies. 

“What about Tim Tams?” a sweet feminine voice called. Jess, the sole Hogwarts student from America, was fully aware of how well that accent worked on me. She had managed to worm her way through the crowd and over to my stall full of inventory. “Any of those left for me, James?”

I held up the package for her with a smile. “You know I always save you one.” I’d never even been on her radar before, and yet now she was seeking me out at every opportunity. Even when she didn’t need cookies. 

“Professors coming!” a voice shouted, echoing through the bathroom. “Everyone go!”

The crowd that had been pressing towards the back corner of the bathroom where I’d set up shop suddenly changed direction. Now everyone was trying to squeeze through the door back into the hall all at once. Lucy, Andru and I didn’t bother running; we just began cramming our inventory back into the bottomless bookbags I’d created for the purposes of hiding everything. *Officially,* Muggle goods were not welcome in the castle. Something about wizarding traditions and learning to rely on our magical skills and some other such nonsense. Filch had even starting doing random checks of incoming owls, trying to figure out how this stuff was arriving. 

Only about half of my customers made it out before Professor Snape came stalking into the bathroom. “And what do we have here?” he asked, enunciating every syllable. His eyes glanced around the room, making mental notes of which Hufflepuffs, Ravenclaws, and Gryffindors he could punish. The Slytherin faces in the crowd would no doubt be conveniently forgotten.

Headmaster Dumbledore followed Professor Snape in, ducking slightly through the door so that his tall purple had would not be knocked askew. He was the exact opposite in demeanor, greeting the trapped students with a cheerful smile. “Ah, Mr. Ward! Just the man I was looking for. You are quite the entrepreneur, I hear.”

“Don’t know what you’re talkin’ about, Headmaster,” I responded as calmly as I could.

He peered over his half-moon glasses at me, and then his eyes fell on my bookbag. “And a very well done Extension Charm as well. I’m quite proud of your work here!”

My face fell. He knew all about the bags. Which means he had pretty much everything he needed to bust us. Behind me, Andru let out a little groan as he came to the same conclusion. Snape glowered in the background with a sneering smile, waiting for his cue to begin doling out detentions. 

“I was wondering,” Dumbledore continued speaking, never dropping his smile. He leaned in close, then he pulled out a small purse and jingled it. “How much would you charge for one of those delightful Kinder Eggs?”**[WP] You made a deal with the devil to become rich. He then tells you that fortune will be yours, but there is a curse. For every $1000 you spend, a random person on the Earth will die. Congratulations! You just won $250,000,000.**

----

“Please, come in, Ms. Lewis,” I greeted the young woman at the door with a hearty handshake, noticing how sweaty her palms were. I can relate; I’m always a nervous wreck during job interviews. So I ushered her into my office and gestured at the open chair in front of my desk. She took one step over the threshold and then let out a ‘Yelp!’ of surprise. Sitting in the other chair was a gargantuan monster with red skin, ram’s horns spiraling out of its forehead, and goat’s legs and hooves. “This is Satan,” I told Ms. Lewis. “Don’t mind him.”

“Ss… Satan?” She remained rooted in front of the door, unable to take her eyes off of him. 

“Yes. Don’t worry, he’s harmless. Really, he’s just here for *my* benefit. It will all be explained.” I took my seat behind the desk and tried to reassure her with a pleasant smile. Satan wouldn’t even look at her; he just continued glaring at the floor. “Please, sit.”

After pausing for a moment to consider whether this job was really worth it, she finally came into the office and pulled up the chair as far from Satan as possible. He snorted and dug his hooves into the scratchy carpet fibers. 

“Thank you for coming.” I knitted my fingers together and looked her right in the eyes. “Now let me just start off with a simple question: why do you think that you would be qualified for the position of chief purchaser?” I didn’t actually care about the answer; she already had the job. I was just drawing this out for Satan’s benefit.

“I… ahem…” Her eyes kept darting to Satan, whose snorts and snarls grew louder with each syllable she uttered. “I have… umm… worked in purchasing for nine years now…” She snapped open the folder and tried to pull out a copy of her resume, but her hands were shaking so much that she dropped all the papers. One of them fluttered to close to Satan and burst into flames. “I’m sorry,” she said, nearly crying now. “I really need to ask *what the hell is going on here?*” Her voice rose an octave, and she stood from her chair ready to storm out.

“Please relax, Ms. Lewis. I can explain everything. You see, Satan here offered me $250,000,000. Quite a sizeable amount of money.” I pointed to the picture on the wall behind me, showing me lounging in a baby pool full of green bills like Pablo Escobar or something. Silly, yes, but when was I ever going to see that amount of cash again? I had to take advantage of it while I could. “And, being a deal with the devil, of course it came with a catch: For every $1,000 that I spend, a random person on Earth will die.” Satan let out another snort. 

“That’s horrible!” she cried, with another fearful look in Satan’s direction.

“Yes, quite. And knowing him, it would likely be my wife or something that bites the bullet first.” One look at Satan’s glowering expression made it clear that that was exactly what he’d intended. “Which is why I deposited the entire amount into a trust, and haven’t spent a single cent. *I* can’t spend the money… but I can *hire someone* to spend the money for me. Well, technically the *trust* is hiring you, so that *I* won’t be the one paying you. The paycheck won't come from me; it will be directly out of the trust. Don’t you just love loopholes?”

It dawned on Ms. Lewis all at once, and for the first time she grinned. “So you need a director of purchasing to just… spend the money *for you*?” she summed it up. Satan, and my nice office chair, burst into a bright pillar of flame/ We both did our best to ignore his little tantrum.

“Yes, exactly. Still interested in the position?”

“Absolutely!” she answered. 

“Well then welcome aboard,” I told her, shaking her hand once again. 

Satan extinguished his fire and spoke for the first time: “Fuckin’ *lawyers*. Never dealing with you assholes again.”**[WP] You obtain a device that tells you exactly what choices to make in order to lead the "happiest" life possible. Some of these choices get hard to make.**

----

> Now say that you won't just kill **them**. You'll also kill **their families**.

I stared at the words on the terminal in disbelief. My hands hovered over the keyboard. I wanted to reply, but... holy shit. How do you respond to an order like that??

"I can't do that!" I typed back. The keys clacked as I wrote it; the keyboard was very old. The computer and all the hardware was an old Tandy Color Computer back from 1981. You'd think I would have upgraded by now, but my Oracle preferred to stay in here. And who am I to question its orders? In nearly forty years, it really hadn't ever steered me wrong. So we stayed with this one. Everyone thought I was weird for keeping it in my office, but I just explained it away as nostalgia.

> You won't **actually** have to kill their families. You just have to threaten them.

*Oh, well that's so much better*, I thought. *Just threaten to murder innocent women and children. No big deal*.

"You know what," I wrote back, practically pounding on the ancient beige keyboard, "That's it. That's it, Oracle. I'm done with this whole thing. I quit." My hands shook as I wrote it, and my heart was hammering against my ribs. I'd wanted to do it for so long, but I just never could work up the courage to let go. 

Oracle had guided me through life since I first got the computer in the 80s. Some kid at Radio Shack told me it would give me good life advice and sold it to me on a floppy disk for two dollars, and I've never been one to pass up a good deal. I figured that at worst, it was just some piece of junk that wouldn't really do anything. This was before viruses and malware were really a thing. So I popped in the disk, and it told me that I should start brushing my teeth twice a day instead of just once. 

Every day, it was a new piece of advice. Just little things to begin with, like changing up my hairstyle or whatever, but it eventually gained my trust and started meddling more and more with my life. It gave me business advice, stock tips, real estate intelligence, and relationship advice that was always sound. Years later, I've got more money than I ever thought I could make, and I've got a beautiful family. A gorgeous wife, five wonderful children, a great job that I really enjoy... I've got everything. Fame and fortune, with none of the drug problems and mental breakdowns that usually seem to go along with those two. And yet the Oracle kept pushing. It told me that my life could always get better. That it knew exactly what to do. And so I listened. I followed along blindly, and it's led down a dark path to this. 

Oracle has made me do terrible things. I've destroyed people's careers, I've humiliated people, said horrible, nasty things that I really didn't mean... but this? Threatening to *kill* someone's family? 

> If you leave now, it will all be wasted.

The words flashed on Oracle's screen in dull green. There should be a name for that greenish color from before computer monitors could actually display real colors. I'd call it "80's green."

> Everything that you've built will crumble. You know that I am right. And you can make the **world** a better place if you just follow my orders. I've never let you down before. 

I should have just left right then and there. I could have stood up from the chair and walked out of the room and never looked at Oracle again. Just spent the rest of my life lounging on a sunny beach in Florida or something. But I didn't. I hesitated.

That night, I got up on stage and took the mic in front of thousands of cheering fans. "And we're not just going to hunt down those terrorist bastards in ISIS," I shouted. "We're gonna go after their families, too!" My stomach churned just uttering the words: I was suggesting a *war crime* like it was a good thing! But of course, the crowds ate it up. Hell, they'd applaud for anything I did nowadays. I could probably shoot someone on 5th avenue and they'd cheer. Once the thunderous wave of clapping died down, I spoke into the mic again. "Thank you, Iowa! Let's make America great again!"Very cool!I created my account on October 28th, 2014. Since then, I've written somewhere around 850 unique stories, averaging a bit over one per day for the past two years! And that doesn't include the many additional sections on the . My goal for this subreddit has been to regularly provide new content for you all, and I think I've met that as best I can. 

Thank you all so much for subscribing here and supporting my writing. Before I started, I had such little esteem for my own work that I never shared it with anyone else. And now I *love* doing it! It just means so much to me to have fans and people who enjoy reading my stories.**[WP] You've kept your immortality secret for thousands of years. Thats going to be a lot harder now that your on a generation ship on a 2000 year voyage.**

----

A horde of screaming, flag-waving spectators had gathered across the street to watch our convoy of buses arrive at the elevator platform. My senses were completely *inundated* from the moment I stepped outside: the roar of the crowd, the glaring spotlights around the launch site perimeter, even the pungent smells of the city that had sprung up on the outskirts of the elevator.

"Dr. Molokya!" One of the reporters had identified me and had leaned most of her body over the perimeter fence, stretching a microphone as far out as possible. "Dr. Molokya! Any comment on today's launch?"

It was strange, being in the public eye. I'd spent so long *avoiding* drawing any attention to myself, because that only invited questions into my background. So much of my life had been spent carefully hiding my identity and establishing a *new* backstory even decades in advance. I've turned down knighthoods and medals and awards from a thousand regimes, fearing the eventuality of getting caught in my own web of lies. But now that was all finally over. It was unlikely that, in the few minutes that it would take me to board the Ark, someone would put it all together and out me as a wandering immortal living under an assumed identity. So I smiled and approached the reporter. "I'll be honest, this is probably the best day of my life." She beamed, just happy to get the scoop from the most reclusive member of the ship's crew. 

"I'll bet!" she said. "But won't you miss Earth?"

I didn't answer at first. Instead, I took a moment to look around at the city lights and the grey clouds overhead. I really hadn't even thought about that. I jumped at the very first opportunity to leave this little rock, and I'd been so focused on preparing for the mission that I hadn't stopped to consider what I was leaving. But after three thousand years, I'd seen every corner of this place. "Not really," I finally told her. "I've seen enough. And besides, I'm sure I'll make it back someday." I walked away before she could make sense of what I'd just said and ask some follow-up question. I'd always wanted to do something like that, but I'd never really had the courage to risk it. For most of the crew, this was a permanent goodbye. Hell, they wouldn't even live to see our destination planet, Persephone. The terraforming would be up to their great-great-great-great-great grandchildren. But for me... well, I'd be there to greet the next round of Terran settlers, and as far as I knew, I'd live long enough to make the return trip once I got a little homesick. 

The four-hour elevator ride to the station only seemed to take minutes. Time just has a different meaning for me. The rest of the crew clustered near the windows, shouting tearful goodbyes down to their loved ones on the planet. That was another thing that differentiated us: I wasn't leaving anyone behind. In my youth, I'd certainly fathered enough children across the world. But I find that settling down and getting attached to them really only causes heartache and complications for hiding my true nature. So for the last thousand years, I've been alone.

Dr. Alec approached me, and we shook hands. "Big day," he said. He was the other head of the biology team on board the Ark, and we had a pretty big role. The ship was a closed system, meaning that we had to achieve nearly 100% efficiency in everything that we used: the air, the water, and the food. Which meant creating a perfectly balanced ecosystem. Who better to do that than me? I, who ordered the Nile River to flood every year for the benefit of my subjects? I've farmed in the Indus Valley, the rice paddies of China, the vineyards of Italy, the high mountains of Japan, the fertile prairies of the Americas. It's become something of a specialty. And on this ship, it made me absolutely essential. I was kind of counting on that point.

"Yeah, big day," I told him. More than he really knew. We stood in silence together for a while, savoring the moment. There would be plenty of time to talk over the next sixty years or so that he had left to live. 

We boarded the Ark and did one last check of all systems. Then the engines powered up, and we held our farewell ceremony. And finally, we all gathered at the stern viewing bay to watch the blue and green rock disappear into the black void as we reached maximum velocity. There was no going back now.

I cleared my throat, clanged my spoon against the stem of my glass, and beckoned for everyone to come together. This was it. This was the moment I'd been waiting for. Their eager faces waited, probably expecting a jubilant toast to our success. Boy, were they in for a surprise. "What is it, Dr. Molokya?" someone from the crowd asked.

"I... uh... actually, I prefer to go by the name Thutmose. Thutmose the third." I exhaled, and my whole body shook. It had been thousands of years since I'd said my real name out loud. I was finally free. "And I have an announcement to make."So, wow. There was a pretty overwhelming response to my post yesterday about being banned. And there was some concern from readers about whether I'd keep writing here.

**Absolutely!** It's just a question of *what* I am going to write. 

To that end:

1. I'll be having a weekly prompt suggestion post where you can all post your ideas of what I should write. 

2. I'll still be readingand looking for interesting posts there. 

3. I'm looking for new subreddits to post in (likeetc) so if you have any good suggestions, let me know. 

4. And of course, I will still be writing on Patreon. I have a number of ongoing stories there and I will be making an effort to post there more frequently. So if anything, this will be a blessing for Patrons. 

------

Rest assured that I hope the content here won't be changed. What I am most concerned about is that I don't really know how to reach new readers. And for that, you can help by:

* Voting! Yesterday's post made it ontowhich I didn't even think could be possible. And hundreds of people came from there. If that happened with stories too, that would be amazing. So if you read a story here that you  enjoy, don't forget to vote on it!

* Share stories that you enjoy, both here on Reddit (places likeor whatever) and off of Reddit. I am planning to set up a facebook page and twitter account to make sharing on other social media even easier.

-----

So that's it. I'd be happy to hear any other suggestions that you all might have for how I can improve and make changes going forward!**[WP] Michael, a 15 year old Call of Duty player, realizes the greatest trash-talking opportunity of all time. Over his headset, he recognizes his opponent's voice as that of President Obama.**

----

You'd think that the Secret Service would have some clue about combat tactics, but apparently not. They were all bunched up around the President as bullet shields, and weren't even moving while Obama did his best to line up a sniper shot. One grenade was all it took, giving me an amazing killstreak and finally earning me a gunship. 

"Very good move, XxXBlahzeItFahGetXxX," a voice came over the mic. He pronounced "Blahze" as "blasé" and "Fahget" like a Bostonian trying to say "Forget." But I hardly even noticed that at the time because I realized *it was Barack FUCKING Obama!* "You really got me there."

I was too excited to even contain myself. Holy crap, what an opportunity! I could *make history* here; this was my modern-day Boston Tea Party! I was wracked with indecision: what slur do I start with? Racial would be the obvious choice, but he's probably desensitized to it by now. Maybe some good "pillowbiters" and the classic standby "faggot." But those are all just so... played out. I needed something brand new. Something that would *wow* everyone when the audio was eventually released. Speaking of which, I ordered the in-game recording to start. 

Finally, I had it. The perfect insult. "Hey, Obama!" I said into the mic. "Get ready to get rekt, you fucking queer..."

"Shut your pre-pubescent little fuckwad mouth!" he shouted back. "I'm going to fuck your mom so hard tonight that you'll *retroactively* become black! She won't be able to sit down for *weeks*. You think I'm kidding, you little bitch? I'm the most powerful man on the planet!" What followed was the most horrendous tirade of slurs and insults that I'd ever heard in my entire life. I couldn't have interrupted even if I wanted to. It was like the man didn't even stop to take a breath for Christ's sake. He was still shouting at me even after the game ended, and I could just barely hear the secret service agents laughing in the background.

I quit the game, and my phone rang almost immediately showing my best friend's number on the caller ID. He was never going to believe what had happened.

"Hey Ja..."

"Yeah, you thought it was your gay lover Jason, didn't you, faggot? Well it's not, bitch! I've got the NSA on my side, what have you... *click*" I hung up on the President. He tried calling back as Jason again. Then as my grandmother. Then as the girl I had a crush on. I silenced the phone and threw it behind my bed and ran downstairs.

Mom was in the living room on her iPad. As soon as I entered, she jumped up and gave me a hug. "You're never going to believe it," she said. "We just received *an invitation to visit the White House* next week!" She showed me the email with the official .gov address and everything. "We're going to get to meet with President Obama!" she told me. "And it even says that he wants to 'have a one-on-one session' with me *personally*!"

I backed away slowly in horror, then ran up the stairs and bolted into my room. I fished my phone out from behind my bed and checked: 17 missed calls, and one text message.

> Yeah, you thought I was just shit-talking, didn't you? See you soon, bitch.**[WP] The Resistance wants to send a T-800 terminator back in time to protect John Connor; however, they haven't mastered the Skynet tech and accidentally send the cyborg to a whole other world. Unable to locate John Connor it sets out to protect the only John it can find: Jon Snow.**

-----

"Oy!" Domian called down from atop the gates of Castle Black. "You musta just come from Mole's Town, eh?" He ribbed his companion, Artos, with a hearty grin plastered across his face. "You know you're supposed to put your clothes *back on* when you're done with the whores, eh?"

The man standing at the gates completely naked didn't seem to think it was funny. He just stared back up at Artos and Domian with a somber glare. He wasn't even shivering, though a bone-chilling wind came sweeping off the massive ice wall behind them. Artos could feel it even through his thick cloak and two layers underneath, but the man didn't even flinch. "You here to take the black, maybe?" Artos called down. He'd certainly be a welcome addition; the man was a veritable mountain of muscle. Bigger than any man Artos had ever seen, and he'd once seen Sandor Clegane at a joust in Torrhen's Square. 

"I am looking for John Connor," the man finally announced. 

"Jon *Snow*, you mean?" Domian called back. "'Ere's no John *Connor* here." He wasn't particularly friendly with the new recruit from Winterfell, but everyone was at least familiar with Ned Stark's bastard. He was the only Jon at Castle Black, though Domian seemed to recall a fellow named Jon at Eastwatch by the Sea.

The man stood silent, still staring up at the two Brothers guarding the gates. "Yes," the man finally answered. "Bring me to John Snow."

Domian and Artos traded a look. Unannounced strangers weren't particularly common at Castle Black, particularly ones without a recognizable sigil. Or clothes, for that matter. But they couldn't exactly leave him out here in the cold, and he *did* seem to know the Bastard. "He's up in the Lord Commander Mormont's chambers," Artos announced as Domian cranked the gates open. "'Avin' a funeral for some wildlings they found beyond the wall, I heard." Domian snickered. Most of the Brothers had seen the two bodies wheeled in from beyond the Wall, but no one was quite sure who they were or why the Lord Commander had bothered to bring them back.

"Artos here will show you the way," Domian said, gesturing to his friend. "And maybe you can find him a decent cloak along the way?"

Artos sized up his new companion from up close; that would be a difficult task. Most of the Night's Watch were lowborn runts, stunted from eating bowls of brown for every meal instead of real food. This fellow was so large he might need to have his clothes custom made. Unless they could find them in whatever brothel he'd visited in Mole's Town. "Sure," Artos said. "Err... come with me."

He led the way into Castle Black with the stranger in tow. "Wot's your name, anyway?" Artos asked. 

"I am a Cyberdyne Systems T-800 model," the man answered crisply. 

"Uh huh." Artos didn't understand what any of that meant. "That's a weird name," Artos whispered under his breath. Must be from the Free Cities, or even further. He'd heard all sorts of things about the strange lands beyond the Red Wastes. Looking at the size of the man before him, Artos decided that maybe he shouldn't discount those rumors so quickly. Artos also noted that the man didn't even seem to look at the wall, though most newcomers couldn't take their eyes *off* of the thing. Even after two years as part of the watch, Artos was *still* awed by the sheer size of it. 

In the store room, Artos dug out the largest pair of trousers he could find and tossed them to the stranger. "Try these on." The man pulled the pants up his legs untiil the seams ripped, but at least it covered up his genitals enough to present him to the Lord Commander. The man also managed to squeeze into a shirt, only causing a few tears, and Artos found a big blanket meant to be worn over the shoulders that a Dornish recruit had brought a few years back.

They followed the winding stairs upward until they came to the Lord Commander's quarters. Artos rapped on the door with his knuckles, then said "Lord Commander Mormont? There's a fellow here to see the Basta..." He remembered that Mormont didn't approve of the nickname. "To see Jon Snow. I think it's..." he didn't even know what word to use to describe the stranger. "It's important," he finally said.

The door creaked open a moment later, and Jon Snow poked his head out. "What i...." His voice trailed off upon seeing the giant behind Artos. 

"You are John?" the stranger asked.

"Yes..." Jon Snow answered. He opened the door a bit wider, revealing Lord Commander Mormont in the center of the room, and the frozen corpse of a man laying on the table behind him. "And who are you?" He turned to Artos, puzzled. "Have we finally gotten more recruits from King's Landing?"

"I am a Cyberdyne Systems T-800 model," the Terminator said before Artos could answer. "I was sent here to protect John Connor, but my programming indicates that he may be using an alias. In the event that I am unable to confirm John Connor's identity, my redundant orders are to protect any other identifying as 'John.'"

"All right..." Jon said, not quite understanding some of those words. "I don't *need* any protecting."

The corpse behind Mormont chose the perfect time to rise from the table and lunge toward Jon. It grabbed the curved hatchet from its belt and raised the blade high. The Terminator shoved Jon aside and took the axe blow to the shoulder, slicing deep through layers of synthetic flesh until the blade clanged against his metallic skeleton. The Terminator didn't flinch even as the members of the Night's Watch recoiled in horror at seeing their reanimated brother. The Terminator ripped the ax out of the wight's hand and sent the weapon clean through the man's neck. When that didn't work, the Terminator searched the room for an additional weapon and came upon the oil-burning lantern. He upended the container of oil onto the man's body, and then set it aflame. 

The chamber fell silent as the body burned; everyone was in shock at what they had just seen. Lord Commander Mormont helped Jon to his feet, and Artos peeked in through the still-open doorway. They looked from the burning corpse back to the Terminator, then to the gaping axe wound in his shoulder that was sparking instead of bleeding. 

"What did you say your name was?" Jon finally asked.

"I am a Cyberdyne Systems T-800 model," the Terminator repeated.

Jon thrust his hand out. "I'm honored to count you as my brother, Cyberdyne."I am so excited about this! I've talked about this a number of times on this subreddit, so many of you may already be aware of the story. And also you may have already seen this on
----

Two years ago, I started writing short stories here onAnd the fourth prompt that I ever responded to was: . I enjoyed writing it so much that I soon followed it up with a Part II. Then I just kept writing and writing until it turned into a 90,000 word novel: Rex Electi!  and, if you have a different e-reader, there are PDF and ePub versions . It's $2.99 through both sites.

Here's the blurb:

> Caius Serica, a pilot in the Roman military in the year 1999, is whisked away from his camp in the middle of the night under mysterious circumstances. He soon learns that every aspect of his life so far, including the staged deaths of his parents, has been arranged by the Senate Tribunal in an attempt to mold him into the perfect leader. Now there are only thirty candidates, including Caius, left competing to be the Emperor's heir. Success in a series of trials will reunite him with his family and make him the most powerful man in the world, but failure will lead to a life of isolation and imprisonment. As Caius enters the trials, it becomes apparent that the tests themselves are not the problem: it is the twenty nine other candidates willing to do whatever it takes to win, including maim or kill their top competitors. Can Caius navigate the pitfalls of imperial politics and cutthroat competition, all while performing well enough to succeed in the trials fair and square?

I'm also *thrilled* to have a physical copy of it!  I am so pleased to be able to have a copy to put up on my bookshelf (well, actually I am going to frame mine but you probably wouldn't do that). If you would also like a physical copy, you can ! Physical copies are $8.89, but well worth it!

I just want to thank everyone in thecommunity. This is my first novel (I also have an ebook collection  but that doesn't really count), and it just feels like I am finally taking a step that I have *always* wanted to take. Posting here has honestly changed my life, and I owe that to all of you readers. And more specifically, thank you to everyone who subscribes tofor all of your support and encouragement. 

So that's all! I really hope you'll pick up a copy of the book and give it a read! 

And don't forget to leave a review of the book! (When you are done reading, of course)

-----

Here are the links again if you missed them:

 |  |I  and I have been thinking about the story all weekend. . It seems like users enjoyed it too, so I am going to try turning it into a book. If you are interested in knowing more about it, just leave a comment here. 

UPDATE: The book is finished and now being edited! ****

---

If you are interested in seeing more of my longer stories with multiple parts,  where they are all organized based on how completed they are.After four months of working nights and weekends pounding away at my keyboard, I have officially finished my book. It is 79,742 words.

This is a big achievement for me, and I am *so* thrilled! I really want to share it with everyone I know, but none of them even know that I was working on it. So I am sharing it with you all! The book may not be great, and it's still a big work in progress, but this is still a giant step. There will be *significant* editing involved, but I am just so happy to have gotten through this first phase and so proud of myself for not giving up.****

From /u/TheWritingSniper

----

Krin barged through the door of my room without knocking, of course. I jumped out of my bed and glared at him, trying to look into all four of his eyes at once with just my two. “Hello?!”

“Hello!” he answered. Or at least, that’s what his translator spit out after his whistling sounds. It was even good enough to translate the cheerful tone. 

I rolled my eyes. Four fucking years on this ship and Krin *still* didn’t quite understand the concept of sarcasm. Even though I’d explained it to him *countless* times. “I mean, hello… what the fuck are you doing in my room? Can’t you see I’m watching TV?” I gestured at the glowing screen in the corner, playing reruns of Power Rangers. I don’t exactly get a lot of new content out here, so I’d seen the episode a dozen times before. But I still didn’t like to be interrupted. 

Krin’s species has zero concept of personal privacy; it’s a communal society where their entire hive lives in one giant cave. None of the other rooms on the ship even had closing doors, and this one only did because it was used as a prison cell sometimes before I joined up. He hadn’t quite understood why I’d want to use this as my personal quarters, but no one else wanted it so everything worked out well.

He looked at me, then at the door, then back at me. “Right. I apologize.” He exited the room, and the door clanged shut behind him. Everything fell silent for a moment, and then he rapped on the doors with one set of his pincers. “Hello, Wesley? Are you at home?” I’d told him that, on Earth, it is polite to ask if someone is home when you knock.

I laughed. “No, I’m not,” I shouted through the door.

There was silence for a moment. “But I just saw you in there,” Krin responded. “And also you are speaking to me.”

“Come in, for Christ’s sake.” I really wasn’t in the mood to have that same conversation about sarcasm again. Was it really that hard to understand? “What do you want, Krin?”

He entered the room again. This time I wasn’t too startled to notice the box that he was carrying on his back, balanced by two of his hind legs. “How are you, Wesley?” he asked.

I shut off the TV. “I’m fine. What’s in the box?”

He shuffled further into the room and came to stand directly in front of me, close enough that I could smell that slightly sugary scent that his kind gives off. Like I said: no concept of personal space at all. But by now I was pretty used to it. “You have been sad lately, Wesley. You miss your homeworld.”

I rolled my eyes. “I’m *fine*, Krin.” I scooted away from him, onto my bed where he could stand right in my face. “I already told you, don’t worry about me. Just… tired. We’ve been doing a lot of jobs recently, and I’m worn out.”

“You are not fine, Wesley.” He clicked his claws in annoyance; his species also don’t lie to each other, and he didn’t like it when I did, even for something unimportant like this. “You show classic signs of homesickness; it is not something that only affects humans. You hide out in here watching your human programs. Your windows,” he gestured with one claw to the screens that were supposed to *mimic* windows, “can show you anywhere in the universe and yet you have set them to your hometown. You barely eat enough to maintain your current weight and stature.”

“It’s really none of your business,” I told Krin. “Now, what’s in the box?”

He swiveled his torso around, picked the box up off of his back, and turned back toward the bed. “I have been doing research on humans.” The translator even added a note of pride to his voice. “I have watched your films as well and learned quite a lot about you culture. So I made a purchase on our last stop to Alpha Centari that I think will help you.”

He opened the box, and a little beagle puppy poked its head out and sniffed around. It didn’t seem the least bit concerned about the giant millipede-ish alien looming over it like any normal creature should. Seriously, the first time *I* saw Krin, I nearly shat myself. But as soon as it laid eyes on me, it jumped out of the box and began furiously wagging its little tail. The dog crossed the bed and jumped into my lap and began trying to lick my face.  “Dogs,” Krin explained, “are the ideal companions for humans!”

I rolled my eyes. “Krin, what am I supposed to do with this? You expect it to shit all over my room, huh?”

Krin seemed confused. “It will use the same waste disposal system that you do,” he answered after a moment. "It has a similar digestive system, after all."

“Dogs don’t know how to use toilets, man.” I shook my head, not even sure where to start explaining these things. There’s only so much that one can learn from movies. “They’re a lot of work. It needs exercise, and training, and different food, and somewhere to go to the bathroom… all kinds of crap that I don’t have time for. I mean, we go on missions for days at a time! Who is going to look after him?”

“Oh.” Krin looked down at the dog again. “I did not realize that it would be a problem for you. In the movies, they seemed to be good companions.”

“Well it’s not a movie, Krin.” I turned the TV back on and went back to watching my show. “Life is not just like the movies.” 

*Unfortunately.* Or at least, I’d never seen a movie about someone stranded a million miles from home with no hope of ever returning to Earth alive. Humans are officially on the no-contact list, and apparently the risk of sending me back was too great. It was either this life, or no life at all. As the group of smugglers who'd picked me up learned when they were brutally executed for visiting Earth.

“Very well.” He held out his claws for me to hand him the puppy. “I will dispose of it. The merchant that I spoke to said that they are a rare delicacy, so I am somewhat curious as to the flavors tha…”

“You’re going to *eat it?*” I interrupted. “What the fuck, man? You can’t eat a dog.”

Krin looked down at the dog with claws still outstretched. “Humans eat other animals all the time. And the merchant assured me that the taste is qui…”

“No, man! You can’t eat him.” I grabbed the dog and held it in my lap, rubbing its overly floppy ears. “That’s not cool.”

Krin clicked his claws again. Now he was confused *and* annoyed. “What shall I do with it?”

“Just…” the dog looked up and tried to lick my chin. “I guess you can leave him here with me.”

“Excellent!” He waved a claw in celebration and put the empty box back on his back. “Hopefully it will not be bitten by a diseased animal!” I guess Krin watched Old Yeller during his research. 

“Yeah, thanks, Krin,” I said as he shuffled back out the door. “You really know how to cheer a guy up.” The heavy metal door slammed into place behind him, and the room was quiet but for the sounds of Power Rangers playing in the background.

I looked down at the little dog on my bed; it looked back at me with its little tail wagging and big, soft brown eyes. “All right, fine,” I told the dog. “You can stay.”**[WP] The protagonist is entirely overprepared for the wrong genre. They make it work.**

-----

I stuck the end of my cigarette into the roaring brazier near my table. A long drag filled my lungs with sweet nicotine, and relief flooded through my muscles. It had been damn near two days since I’d had a cigarette; there was just the one pack in my pocket when I found myself here, and I had to make it last. Nowhere in this world seemed to carry my brand, after all. Or even have cigarettes in the first place. Sorcerors, giants, ogres, potions, magic… sure. But no cigarettes. Just my luck, I guess.

“Excuse me?” A voice asked, barely loud enough to be heard over the roaring din of the tavern. “Are you… are you the Man in Black?”

I looked down at my suit. It was pinstriped, but no one in this world seemed to know what that was. Everyone here wore heavy robes and wolf furs and crap like that. And not a single man had the decency to wear a proper hat, or a tie. “I suppose I am,” I answered, tipping the brim of my trilby back to get a good look at him and gulping down a mouthful of booze. “What’s it to you?”

He fidgeted, looking at the empty chair across from me. I nodded for him to take a seat. “I need your help, good sir. I've heard that you... that you can help people” 

I grimaced. You help *one* damsel in distress from a band of roadside bandits, and you’re stuck in the gig for life. I was apparently already developing *that* reputation once again. I guess some things never change. Even across worlds, you can’t escape who you are. And for me, that meant bad news. Who I was before wasn’t a very pretty sight, and I wasn’t keen on slipping back into that pit of despair. “What can I do for you?” I asked the man.

“It’s my daughter,” he said. “She was kidnapped in the night from our home in Fareshold!” *It’s always about a girl*, I told myself. Same old story since the beginning of time. 

I drained the rest of my drink. It wasn’t whiskey, but it had the same burn going down my gullet and that was good enough for me. “How’s about the next round is on you,” I asked the man, “and you can tell me all about it?” 

He nodded and signaled to the bartender, a willowy man nearly seven feet tall with a long nose and pointed ears. Maybe “man” isn’t the term I should be using any more, considering how many various types there were in this world. At the other end of the bar, a set of Dwarves drank from gigantic mead steins, and lurking in the shadows was what looked like a living rock, eating from a plate of gravel. This was a strange place, but who the hell was I to judge?

“We know who took her,” the man continued. “Glaurian the Dread!”

“Yeah, yeah.” The bartender came over with our liquor. My patron sipped at his booze like a bird and grimaced, while I drained mine and called for another before the elf had even walked away. “So this Glaurian guy. Friend of yours? Maybe he’s got a score to settle with you?” That was always the case. Someone gets on the wrong side of the mob, and it comes to bite them on the ass. This world may have magic and monsters, but that didn't mean people didn't still get in the same types of trouble. “You owe him money or something?”

“He already stole all of my gold for his hoard!” the man complained, wringing his hands. *Of course,* I thought. One other thing that never changes is that my clients are always deadbeats, unable to pay me for my service. *Just great*. 

“Uh huh. So what’s he want with your girl, then?”

The man cocked his head, like it was an odd question. “Well… that… that’s just what Dragons do!” he finally cried. “Who knows why?!”

I laughed. “Dragons, huh?” Maybe this world would present some new challenges after all. “All right, pal. I’ll take the case.”


---

Now with 

---

If you liked this,You may have already seen a post about this inas well. . You can also get  It's a collection of a bunch of stories fromas well as a few . I hope you enjoy it! And, if you *do* like it, I hope you'll remember to review it on Amazon!**[WP] A planet rotates once every 1,000 years so that each side is either tundra or desert; the poles are also frozen wastes, but there is a small area of ever moving habitable land. Two nomadic tribes isolated on each side of the planet begin to find the 500 year old relics of the other.**

---

When I turned 15, I was sent to the Sun Edge. I had grown up on the streets of Harka, learning no skill or trade. We couldn't afford the apprenticeship fees. My father had no lands to pass on to me, and all other good farms between there and the Star Edge had been claimed. So on Appraisal Day, there was nowhere else for me to go.

I was given a plot of land to work, only about two meters wide at the beginning. "It'll grow as the Edge advances," they said. The soldiers dropped me at the property line with a gaunt horse and some meager tools. They told me that I could have as much land as I could plow in the North-South direction by the time they returned to the Edge with another resettled orphan. At which point *he* would start plowing where I'd reached, and the cycle would begin all over again. 

I'm a city boy. I grew up amongst the trader's tents and the craftsmen's workshops. They'd hired me for every type of menial seasonal job: splitting wood, working bellows, carving out rotted parts of vegetables to make them look fresh... I even helped with the Migration once when the Star Edge got too close to the settlement. We'd loaded up carts with all of the shops and dragged them across the plains until we could see the Sun Edge, and then plopped it all down and set it up again. All of these jobs for a few coins, and the only one I'd never actually done was plow anything. Needless to say, I wasn't making very good headway. 

The metal plow fought me every step of the way, snagging on stubborn roots and buried rocks. And when I *could* find some clear ground, then the damned horse would decide that it didn't want to move! 

**CLUNK**. The plow ran into something again. But it wasn't the normal dull thud that the rocks made. It was a sharp clang, like the sound of a blacksmith's hammering on stout armor. Maybe another tool? Had some other poor settler been here before me and died with his plow in hand? I had been in the marketplace long enough to know that even salvaged instruments could fetch a hefty price, maybe even more than whatever pitiful crop I could scrape from the land. Mines were easy enough to dig, but could only last so long before the Star Edge would approach, and they had to be abandoned.

I dug it out. A long, thin tube made of pure metal, but rusted and caked in dirt. Skeletal hands clutched the grooved grip, and I soon uncovered the rest of the body. There were holes in the metal armor, and the skull had been caved in, but it didn't look like the wound from an ax or a hammer. Around the body, I found unusual metal pellets and a strange sulferous powder. Where had it come from? What war had this man died in? I was only a meter away from the Sun Edge, and anything out there would be fried to a crisp after only a minute or two. No way that someone could have gone out long enough. And I'd never seen anything like this, so it certainly couldn't be from the last Rotation. Back then we had barely mastered metalworking!

From a distance, I heard a horse's whinny. The soldiers were returning with the next orphan to be resettled. I'd made barely any progress on the field; definitely not enough to support a family. I quickly covered up the body and the metal tube and went back to my work. The horse was finally willing to cooperate, and we managed to plow another hundred meters or so before the soldiers arrived with the next settler. I greeted them calmly, and they spit back in my face. Such chivalrous gentlemen. My new neighbor introduced himself: Gerome, another city boy like myself. "Watch for stones," I warned him, wishing him luck in his plowing. The soldiers laughed at our shared misfortune and headed back to the city for the next boy.

I watched them leave, then returned to that spot. There was something important about this device, and I didn't want the soldiers to know about it. I had to resolve this mystery for myself.**[WP] A boy asks a girl out. It's high school. It's awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.**

---

> It’s peak mating season here at Thomas Jefferson High School, due in large part to an annual pairing ceremony known as “Prom.” This event, in which the entire high school tribe comes together for a mass mating dance, sends males scurrying to secure an appropriately attractive female. Failure to secure a potential mate can lead one to be cast out from one’s pack and reduced to ‘loser’ status. 

> Prom is only days away now, and most eligible females have already been claimed by the most dominant and attractive males. That makes the situation all the more dire for one Kyle Davis, who has unsuccessfully attempted to secure a mate thus far. But despite two rejections, Kyle persists and seems to have his eye on one Tessa Lewis. She is widely regarded as ‘cute’ but also ‘a little stuck up,’ which may explain why she too has failed to secure a date to the prom. 

> We find Kyle at his locker, discussing strategy with his best friend and neighbor Amanda. Males often make non-romantic partnerships with females in this society in an attempt to share information and better understand their quarry. 

“I was thinking of making a sign and putting it on her car.” Kyle says. “But I haven’t thought of anything funny to write on it yet.”

> A common strategy for first approaching a mate, the use of a sign also tends to rely heavily on the use of a clever pun as a way of impressing the female. 

“Yeah, maybe that will work,” Amanda mutters as she stuffs books back in her locker. “But that’s, like, what everyone is doing. It’s kind of boring, you know?”

> Despite their alliance, Amanda has been less than helpful in helping Kyle secure a date for the Prom. She offers criticisms of his strategies, but has yet to come up with any helpful solutions to his predicament.

“No, you’re right.” Kyle says. “It’s dumb.”

> Kyle turns down the hall and gazes at Tessa, safe amongst her pack of fellow volleyball players. The females often travel in herds for safety, requiring any approaching male to take on the embarrassment of asking one out in public for everyone to see. Few dare such a bold strategy; the males often prefer to isolate their target for a one-on-one mating proposal. 

“Why Tessa, though?” Amanda asks. “I mean, she’s pretty and everything… but I don’t think you two have much in common.”

> Though males in this society tend to be driven almost entirely by physical attributes, the females often search for a deeper connection based on shared hobbies and other interests. Males like Kyle are challenged to feign interest in those hobbies while attempting to lure the female into mating. 

“Well, there’s only one way to find out, right? I’m just going to ask her,” Kyle decides, slamming his locker shut and marching down the hall before Amanda can get in a word edge-wise.

> What an amazing turn of events! We’re truly lucky here, dear viewers! Our naturalists have been watching these hallway for years and have rarely seen such a stunning turnaround. In a spur-of-the-moment decision, it seems that Kyle is willing to brave the risk of utter social embarrassment by asking Tessa out *in this very hallway!* Kyle is sure to never forget this moment, no matter the outcome! Let’s just hope this isn’t a memory of pure shame and humiliation for him!

“Hey, um… Tessa?”

> The entire volleyball team stops their conversation and turns to stare at poor Kyle. Oooh, this isn’t good, gentle viewers! See the savage looks in their eyes, ready to shame him just as soon as their pack leader gives the signal. 

“Ummm… would you… I mean, if someone hasn’t already asked you…”

> Kyle seems to be floundering already. Males of his age are susceptible to stammering and otherwise screwing up their speeches. Experts who study the teenage male have suggested that their brains simply turn off while talking to beautiful women. This is in large part due to blood flow being prioritized elsewhere in the body.

“What I mean is… are… would… wouldyouliketogotothepromwithme?”

> The entire hallway is silent. In his hurry to finally blurt out the question, Kyle forgot to control the volume of his voice and now everyone has heard him. The situation could *not* be more perilous for poor Kyle. Everything rides on how Tessa will react, yet her face shows no sign of emotion. At this phase, one would hope for something like a lip bite or even a smile to show that she is considering his plea, but no such sign is forthcoming. 

Tessa’s face twists into a sneer. “With *you*?” she says, following by a barely-contained giggle. 

> Ohh, there it is viewers! The sign for her pack. The other volleyball players begin to laugh too, and Kyle has been thoroughly rejected. That bright-red tone of his cheeks is a clear sign that he has admitted his own defeat. All he can truly do now is hide out for a bit and hope that the shame of the rejection soon passes. 

“I can’t believe I was so *stupid*,” Kyle mutters to Amanda as he returns to his locker

> As always, Amanda is there to comfort Kyle after such a rejection. Though most members of the high school society will lower their opinion of Kyle after this, it doesn’t seem to have affected Amanda at all. 

“It’s all right,” she says, placing a hand on his arm. “I’m sure you’ll find *someone* to take to prom…” she smiles, waiting for him to look up.

“Doubt it…” he responds. “I’m a complete loser. *No one* will ever want to date me.” He brushes off Amanda’s arm and heads down the hall, away from the still-laughing pack of volleyball players. “I gotta go to history. See you later.”

Amanda watches him leave, and lets out a sigh.

> There you have it, viewers. Our subject Kyle made a valiant effort at securing a mate, but unfortunately today was just not his day. Perhaps tomorrow, he’ll be able to view his existing relationships with a bit more clarity. Tune in next time on the Wild World of High School to find out!**[WP] One night as you play Call of Duty a particularly squeaky voiced 12 year old gives out personal information leading you to discover he is your child from a long lost lover. You must now convince him you are his father and thus banged his mom, through Xbox live.**

---

"Listen, Andrew," She'd sent me a letter with his name and a bunch of information about him, but I never thought it would lead to anything. Never thought I'd even remember the name of his school, and his best friend. And of all places, Xbox live? Who would have thought that I'd coincidentally find my own son, and that my first impression of him would be his username: 6969BongHitterX. And to add insult to injury, he was camping near a respawn point. I'd failed as a father.

"Faggot, I pwned you so hard! Listen to you cry!"

"I'm serious! Your mom... is her name Sarah? Is she blond, a nurse at the hospital? And her father owns Mike's Bistro in town?"

"Boom, headshot!" He wasn't listening to me; he'd gone back to running around the map looking for a new weapon. Had he muted me? Had I already lost my chance? 

"Andrew, you need to listen." My character was following him around the map trying to get his attention. "Your mother..."

"Yeah, I fucked your mother! I did it in your own basement, you neckbeard faggot!"

"I'm serious!" I shouted back to him as he shot my character yet again. I grumbled angrily, waiting to respawn and searching the map for him once more. "You need to listen to me! You live on Elm Avenue, don't you?"

"Who is this?" he squeaked into the microphone. I could hear the puberty in his voice. "Sam, is this you, you faggot? I'm going to kick your ass at school tomorrow, you little bitch!"

"Andrew, your mom has a tattoo of a rose on the back of her neck, doesn't she?"

His avatar stopped moving, and his microphone fell silent. Our characters stood looking at each other awkwardly until we were both splattered by another group driving a Warthog. Without another word, Andrew left the game. I sighed and signed out too. I guess it wasn't meant to be.

----

"who is this?" the message said. 

It had been days, but he hadn't even answered my friend request. Every night I debated whether I should just contact his mother again. Just talking to him, even through the game, made the whole thing so... *real*. Before that, he was just some kid that was out there somewhere. An abstract idea that I was sure was doing just fine without me. Sarah had made it clear that they didn't need me in their lives, and I was fine with that back then. I was more into drugs anyway. A lot had changed in twelve years.

"I know this is going to be weird... but I'm your father. I used to live in Perryville too, years and years ago. Your mom and I were both counselors at the same summer camp, and we just had one of those romances. But at the end of the summer, we just went our separate ways. I went off to college and she stuck around. And she didn't tell me I had a kid until a few years later. She sent me occasional letters and pictures of you, but I just.... I never thought about it too much until now. Would you maybe like to meet and talk about it sometime?"

My hands shook as I typed the question. Was I really ready for this? But it wasn't up to me at this point. The ball was in my son's court. 

A week later, he answered: "ok."

----

I waited nervously at the coffee shop. I'd driven eleven hours to meet Andrew, and I was a jittery mess, I'm sure. But that didn't matter. I could barely contain my excitement at being reunited. I briefly wondered whether Sarah would be with him. He hadn't mentioned telling her, but hopefully he was smart enough to not meet strangers off of the internet without even telling his mom. 

The bell chimed, and I looked up immediately, as I had done the last dozen times someone entered the store. And this time, it was him. He wore faded jeans and an old t-shirt that might have actually been one of mine. Had his mother really saved it for all these years? 

I stood up tentatively from behind the table. My legs didn't seem to be working very well, and I had to lean on the back of my chair for support. Our eyes met, and I instantly knew it was my son. The exact same shape and hazel shade that stared back at me through the mirror every morning. My lips quivered into a nervous smile. It was really happening. I was finally going to meet him. 

"Andrew?" I asked. He nodded; there was just a hint of tears welling up in the corner of his eyes. 

I didn't know what to do. Do we... shake hands? Hug? We approached each other awkwardly.

"Dad?" It was definitely the same voice I'd heard through the Xbox microphone.

I punched him straight in the face, so hard that it sent him reeling back against the door. A collective gasp rose from the horrified barista and the shocked patrons of the coffeeshop.

"Headshot, you little bastard! No scope!"

He slumped to the floor, clutching at his bleeding nose. And as I crowed with victory, I teabagged the little faggot.**[WP] Aliens have arrived and have been eating humans like a delicacy. An alien chef gets more than he bargained for when he tries to cook Gordon Ramsay, who surprisingly is less disgusted THAT he is being cooked than over HOW he is being cooked.**

----

“Well?” Zagdor asked, prodding at Gordon with the wooden spoon.

“What?” Gordon responded.

“Don’t you have anything to say?” Zagdor shook a bit of pepper over Gordon and poked him again.

"About what?"

“You know. About how poorly I’m cooking you or something? Maybe that you’re still raw? Or that I’m a bloody idiot?”

Gordon shrugged. “I don’t really see the point.”

“Come on.” Zagdor poked at Gordon again, pushing him across the swimming-pool-sized frying pan. “It’ll be funny. Don’t you want to insult me? Maybe in a really loud, exaggerated way?”

“What are we, characters in a writing prompt or something?” Gordon always tended to get philosophical when he was waist-deep in sizzling olive oil. “Just shallow caricatures of ourselves who solely exist to fill some overdone stereotype because some people think it’s funny? Like little wind-up dolls with no real emotion or struggles that *should* be at the core of any good piece of writing?”

Zagdor didn’t really have a response to that. So he decided to season Gordon more. He really laid it on thick with the Cajun spices, hoping that it would provoke from outburst from Gordon. But no such luck: the British chef was still lost in monologue.

“I mean, really. Look at me. I’m a successful chef at the pinnacle of my field. I’m a businessman with restaurants all over the globe. Thousands or even *millions* of people out there are eating better and healthier food because of skills they learned from me and my shows. And yet the only thing these dumb prompt submitters seem to focus on is the fact that I comically lose my temper as the *character* of Gordon Ramsey. Are they really too thick to understand that it’s just a ratings ploy? That I’m actually a relatively mild person, but we needed something to *spice up* Hell’s Kitchen to better compete against more dramatic reality shows? No pun intended, of course.”

Zagdor paused from heaping more Cajun seasoning on top of Ramsey. By now, there was more spice than human in the pile. “Of course,” Zagdor agreed. 

“It’s just sad. It’s like these prompt submitters can’t come up with anything truly interesting or original to write about, so they resort to these tired, old,  characters. Bob Ross and Mr. Rogers too: how about another dozen prompts about the two of them being serial killers and meeting Hitler? Sure, it gets a quick laugh and a mindless upvote from some readers, but is that *really* whatis about? Shouldn’t it be about stoking *inspiration*? Creating new worlds and new characters to populate those worlds? Encouraging writers to create real conflicts between human subjects, rather than just trying to stretch out a pun to meet the minimum word count so that the mods won’t delete it as low-effort?”

Zagdor frowned and stopped shaking Cajun seasoning all over Gordon, but only because the car-sized container of it was now completely empty. “I guess,” Zagdor said. Being an alien from another galaxy, he’d never read any writing prompts. Nor had he ever seen Hell’s Kitchen, so his expectations of how Gordon should be acting were based on nothing really. Pretty big plot hole, when you stop to think about. But what Gordon was describing did sound pretty annoying. “But, like… can’t you just do something funny so that we can end this prompt response on a high note?”

Gordon rolled his eyes, gave a heavy sigh, and shook Cajun seasoning out of his hair. Then he batted away Zagdor’s spoon and twisted his face into an expression of furious outrage. “What is WRONG with you, you dolphin’s arsehole?! This ridiculous amount of seasoning won’t make up for the fact that I’m still fucking **RAW!**”

Zagdor burst out into gales of laughter, stomping his feet and clapping his hands at the same time. “HAHA! SO FUNNY! I LOVE IT WHEN YOU’RE SO COMICALLY ANGRY!"**[WP] Everyone has powers locked within them. Each power is different, and the longer it takes for a power to manifest, the greater it is. A 100 year old man is being hunted by the government for still being powerless.**

----

Agent Powell scrutinized the group closely. Every wrinkle, sunspot, and greyed hair in perfect detail. Yet again, he regretted that his only power was good eyesight, just a bump above 20/20 vision. As with nearly all early bloomers, no one had even noticed when his "ability" had manifested at age six. 

"John is on the run," Powell told them. No one needed an explanation of who "John" was. Everyone knew him. Age 101, and *still* no powers, a new world record by a long shot. The previous record for latest manifestation had been a Thai man at age 81, and his earth-moving abilities were so strong that they'd had to quarantine him on St. Helena where he couldn't do any harm to others. His first earthquake had practically leveled Bangkok. John's powers would be unprecedented; magnitudes more powerful. And the whole world was waiting to see what they were. "We've been tasked with bringing him back." One of the men in the audience snorted. "Something to say, Mr. Wiretz?" Agent Powell asked.

He raised himself out of his chair to a standing position, though his legs no longer worked. He instead moved using his telekenetic abilities, and hovered a few inches from the floor. He'd manifested at age 66. "Yeah, I do have something to say." Though most of Wiretz' body was broken and useless, his tongue was still *perfectly* capable of tearing a man down. "How did you incompetent a-holes manage to *lose* a *powerless* hundred year old man?? Was his *hoveround* too fast for your agents to catch? Come on!" 

Agent Powell sighed. There wasn't an easy answer to this part. No one knew exactly how he'd gotten out. "The running theory is that members of the Church of John helped him escape his house without our agents knowing it. They may have a teleporter adherent that we don't know about, who could have worked with their electropath to disable the security systems and surveillance equipment." The Church of John had been a thorn in Powell's side for as long as he'd been assigned to John's security detail. They were a bunch of nutjobs who unfortunately also possessed some amazing late-bloomer abilities. They revered John as the second coming of God himself, and believed that when his powers *did* manifest, he would be completely omnipotent. And it was a rapidly growing cult that tended to attract the most powerful late bloomers that even the government was unable to harness. 

"Any leads on where he went?" Ms. Winset asked. She dressed like she was going to church every Sunday in her finest dress and jewelry, and staggered around with the support of an ornate cane. Powell just thought it made her look like she was going to a funeral, and she'd disliked him ever since she'd heard that thought. She was the most powerful telepath in the world and no one could ever hide thoughts from her. 

"No, no leads yet," Powell said. "And we need to find him quickly. The longer he's out there, the more the Church of John will be able to cover their tracks." 

"Here's a question," Mr. White chimed in. Before positing the question, Agent Powell's pants were suddenly on the floor, and Mr. White was having himself a hearty laugh that ended up turning into a sickly cough. Powell plastered a grin on his face and re-did his belt. White always did the exact same prank, and as far as Powell could tell, pulling people's pants down was about 50% of how he used his time-pausing abilities. It had started to get a bit old. "This John guy," White asked after he managed to stop laughing, "what does *he* want? Does he want to be with this church? Does he want to work for you all?"

"He has a contract to serve as a government agent," Powell said. It wasn't exactly an answer of what John *wanted*, but he had formally agreed to serve. It was a pretty standard offer from the government given to everyone over 50 who still had not manifested, and included a pretty hefty signing bonus as well as financial support for the person's descendants. But John was... something different. If he didn't want to serve, there's probably no way that anyone could make him do otherwise. Once his powers manifested, no one could *make him* do *anything*.

Powell looked back at the audience, and was momentarily startled to see John's smiling face, sitting right in front of him. His heart hammered, and then he rolled his eyes as Ms. Lewis shape-shifted back into her normal form. Unlike the other geezers in the group, she was a 20 year old blond with perky breasts and a gorgeous smile. At least, that's the form that she always chose. Powell didn't *actually* know what she really looked like. "Well let's go, then," Ms. Lewis said in her most sultry, sexy voice. She then changed into a mirror image of Powell's boss, FBI director Erikson. "Where to next, Agent?"

----

!**[WP] Sunflowers are now sinflowers; every time you commit one of the seven sins, a sinflower grows on your lawn. Your neighbor just moved in and their yard is full of these flowers. They invite you over for dinner.**

----

"It's for stealing, I bet," Susan said with a not-so-subtle nod to the yellow flowers waving in the breeze. "I saw the movers carrying in a box full of toys, including a skateboard. I bet they have a little monster who will go around destroying the whole neighborhood. Graffiti, drugs… who knows?" She swirled her glass of lemonade with her straw; even from here I could smell the pungent tang of whatever booze she'd spiked it with. As Susan spoke, her eyes kept darting across the porch like she was afraid the new family might be watching and listening from all the way across the street. 

Carolyn disagreed. "They're perverts," she declared in the most certain tone despite having never even met any member of the family. "Who knows what kind of sick things they're doing in there? *Normal* people don't get a yard full of sinflowers within a week. It's disgusting. What do you think, Connie?"

I kept my mouth shut. It would have been so easy to point out that both of them kept a set of gardening shears in their front closet. Carolyn in particular seemed to have a compulsive need to 'trim the weeds' in her yard as soon as her neighbor Paul came over for 'tea.' "It's really none of our business," I said. "I'm sure we'll learn more about them eventually." Hopefully that would end the conversation. But Carolyn and Susan traded a smirking look, and I knew that my efforts were futile. "You know," I broke in before either of them could think of a retort, "I just remembered, I've got to work on Kara's costume for the school play." I stood from the chair on Susan's porch. "Thank you for having me over."

Susan and Carolyn said their goodbyes to me, complete with a phony "oh, we *must* do this again sometime!" and exaggerated gushing over how we all didn't spend enough time together now that our kids were grown up and in school. It took all of my willpower to not roll my eyes; being neighbors wasn't enough? I already spent far too much time with them for my tastes. The second I left the porch, they'd probably start bashing me behind my back too despite the fact that my lawn was sinflower-free *without* having to do constant pruning. 

I walked down the driveway and across the street. The hot asphalt baked in the hot sun, although the leafy elms swaying overhead were already beginning to change colors for fall. Quiet houses lined the street, and the only sound was a distant lawnmower whirring. It was your typical, quiet suburban neighborhood full of cookie-cutter houses and gossipy house wives. 

As I made it onto the opposite sidewalk, the front door of the new neighbor's house slammed shut. A man walked down the steps toward the car in the driveway, but stopped in his tracks when we made eye contact. I'd seen him moving in, but I hadn't seen the rest of his family yet. I guess they were afraid to make their introductions with all of us able to see their flowers so openly. People like that tended to keep to themselves. But instead of going straight to his car, he approached me.

“I’m Alan,” he said. At least six feet tall, he towered over me and had a firm handshake. His eyes were a soft brown, and his beard was neatly trimmed. He wore a suit and tie, looking perfectly respectable. 

“Connie,” I introduced myself with a grin. 

“I’ve got to run,” he said with true regret in his voice. “Court date downtown; I’m a patent attorney. But I’ve been meaning to invite you and your family over for dinner. Would you be free this evening?” 

Across the street, I could feel Susan and Carolyn’s eyes practically burning holes through my back. I’d no doubt receive a phone call as soon as I got inside, wanting to know *every* detail about the thieving perverts. Perhaps they would have added “murderers” to the list of accusations by then. 

“That would be lovely,” I answered.

“Great. We’ll see you at, say, seven?”

-----------

My family walked up the path toward the door, past the rows of sunflowers growing on the lawn. We all tried to pretend that they weren’t there. I smoothed my dress one last time, looked back at my husband and kids to make sure everyone was ready, then rang the doorbell. The faint sound of chimes drifted out from inside the house. 

Alan answered the door with a wide grin. A boy, roughly fourteen years with blue eyes and sandy hair, stood at his side and was introduced as his son. We all exchanged greetings, then Alan ushered us all into his beautifully-decorated and spotless home. But the most notable feature was that there were multiple vases in each room, each one full of bright yellow sinflowers. 

“Why do you have *those* out?” Kara asked. She was old enough to know what they meant now, but not quite old enough to realize how offensive the question might be. 

“Kara!” I hissed, but Alan just laughed.

“It’s all right.” From down the hall, another man approached, also wearing a fine suit. He came and stood by Alan’s side, and the two exchanged a brief kiss. “My partner and I are actually quite proud of them.”

----

If you enjoyed this story, considerThere was a post incombining Batman and Inception, and .

So . It's a bit too big of a concept to do all at once, but depending on how it is received, I could continue it.

----**[WP] You are an aged witch doctor for your local tribe. You know your health is failing so you recruit a bright young child to eventually become your successor. Today's the day, now that most of their training is complete, that you show them the dark truth behind your ability.**

----

I sit across from Haindi on the dirt floor of my hut with an array of plants spread out on a blanket in front of me. They come in all shapes and sizes, from the rough black bark of the casaca tree to the vivid yellow petals of the doma flowers. Most of the plants are helpful herbs used in various recipes. Some of them are useless weeds that simply *look* like useful plants. And to make things interesting, a few of them are deadly and poisonous, even to touch. 

“A child is born with the shaking sickness,” I present to Haindi as a hypothetical. “What do you give him?”

Haindi studies the leaves and berries on the blanket, then picks out three of them. Asper pods, polli bark, and ferreg root. “But only the juice of the root,” he adds. I nod, pleased that he’d remembered that detail. He had a good heart, which made him an ideal apprentice, but his mind was not keen on remembering specifics like that. He’d come a long way since I first took him under my wing. 

“Your brother’s favorite food?” I ask. 

“Which brother?”

“The youngest. Duma.” 

“Tucca cakes,” he answers. Training a new shaman is not as simple as just reciting recipes and teaching the recognition of the ingredients; it is the melding of two minds. As a shaman, I was sworn to service of the gods alone and never had a family of my own. So in exchange for my knowledge, I learn about the life I never had. 

I lean back, searching my mind for another common problem to test him with. “A pregnant mother is bleeding,” I say. “What do you do?”

“Pray to Ferolian, goddess of fertility,” he answers, then picks up the dull greyish leaves of the menia tree. “With a burnt offering of these. And for the mother…” he scans the ingredients again. “What season is it?”

“Very good,” I tell him. A wise shaman doesn’t just know what ingredients to use, but also when those ingredients will be growing. “It is winter.”

“Dried ghet nettles, then,” he answers, picking out the right plant from the mat. “In the summer, it would be dola nut, but those do not preserve well.”

“You have learned quickly,” I tell him. I search my mind for more questions; anything that I don’t already know about him yet. Over three years of training, he has shared even his most intimate secrets with me. Things that he never told anyone else. The bond between a shaman and apprentice is an unbreakable promise of utmost trust. Well, for the most part. There are still some things that Haindi has not yet been ready to learn. But today… well, I see nothing to hold me back.

“I think you are ready at last,” I tell him, carefully placing the ingredients back in their respective jars on my shelf. “You are nearly ready to graduate. And just in time, too!” Shooting pains race up my old back as I try to put a basket of reeds back on the highest shelf. My old joints protest even the smallest movements nowadays. “I have just one more lesson for you. Close the door for me, would you?”

------

I start a fire in the center of the hut, fanning the flames until they grow so high that I can’t see Haindi across from me anymore. Each stroke of the fan makes my wrist scream with pain, but I push through. One last ritual, and Haindi’s training would be over. Once the fire is roaring, I sprinkle it with some of the soil from the high mountains, turning the flames bright green. 

“This one is for you,” I tell my apprentice, retrieving a clay jar from the shelf. The potion inside is pure black, and thick like mud. It has been years since I had to brew one like it. “It’s time you learn the source of the magic behind our healing.”

Haindi grins through the fire like some sort of demon. He’s been waiting for this day since he first began training. In fact, that had been his very first question of me. Three years together and he’d never gotten an answer. Until now, that is. He chokes down the potion in record time, almost having to chew the sludge first. 

Then I take *my* potion. Acrid orange and bitter-tasting, I have a hard time swallowing it all. Little rivulets run down my chin and dripped onto my gaunt, thin chest. *I’d been so muscular once as a youth*, I recall faintly. A long, long time ago. 

“Now what?” Haindi asked. 

“Close your eyes,” I tell him. Then I begin to chant, loud enough to drown out the crackling fire. Something inside the flames seems to roar, fighting back. I just chant louder, not letting it break my concentration. And then the blazing fire dies out in an instant, leaving the hut cold and dark.

“Now what?” Haindi asks. But his voice is different now… a wheezing croak that sounds so different with this set of ears. Haindi realizes it too. As my eyes begin to adjust to the darkness of the hut, I can see him rubbing his hands over his body, feeling the bones poking out through the wrinkled, thin layer of skin that I’d worn for so long. “What… what did you do?” he asks. Then the poison that I’d drank takes effect, and Haindi topples over into the dirt. His labored breathing stops just a few minutes later. 

I stand up, savoring the feeling of working joints again. All of the exercises that I’d required Haindi to do every day had certainly paid off; his body is fit and strong now. I exit the hut into the bright sunlight and announce the bad news to the rest of the villagers: the shaman has passed away. Thankfully, my training as his apprentice was pretty much complete, and I am ready to assume his role.

Haindi’s brother, Duma, comes up to me and wraps his arms around my waist. “I’m sorry, Haindi,” he said. “I know you loved him.”

“It’s all right,” I say, tousling his hair. “We all have to pass on sometime.” *Well, most of us,* I laugh to myself. “Everything will be fine. How about we make some tucca cakes, huh?”**[WP] Humanity is the result of Gods science fair project. He just received an F.**

---

"So, you only started with *two* of them?

"Y..yes, sir," God stammered back. "Well, one, technically, but then I made the second one out of the first one's rib."

"So, they have the same DNA? Doesn't that make them twins? What about genetic diversity? How can they thrive with such a limited gene pool? What about genetic diseases?"

"Well... I..."

"And wouldn't the children of the first two be forced to commit incest, either with each other or with one of their parents? Did you even plan this out?"

"I did, sir, but..."

"And this environment is entirely nonsensical. Why are they all out living in the desert, when you have clearly designed them for more temperate climates?"

"That one isn't my fault, sir. I had designed a really cool terrarium for them that had everything they needed to live and it was the perfect temperature, but they were... well... misbehaving..."

"You kicked them out of their own biome because they were *misbehaving*? Even though you left them no choice but to be incestuous?"

"Well, I guess... but that's not why I was punishing them..."

"What was it then? What could they possibly have done?"

"Well, they talked to this snake and then they ate this fruit that I told them not to..."

*pause*

"... That's it?"

"Well..." God was starting to sweat nervously. "It was worse than it sounds, really. It was the Tree of Knowledge, sir. And I made sure to specifically tell them not to eat it!"

"If you didn't want them to eat it, why did you put it in their habitat?"

"I... ummm...."

"And why did you put the snake in there if you didn't want him talking to them?"

"Well, that part I didn't really have control of...."

"*Didn't have control of??* Are you omnipotent, or not?"

"Well... I am... and I...."

"I'm sorry, Yahweh, but this is just all wrong. It's clear to me that you didn't even read the assignment and you just slapped this entire science project together in like one week. This is completely unacceptable work for someone of your abilities. I'm afraid I have to give you an F."

----

"Stupid little bastards," God pouted, holding the hose over their environment. "Made me fail science class and now I have to come back for summer school! Stupid little jerks. Let's see how you like a year of rain. Better build a big fucking boat, stupid humans."**[EU] Sterling Archer and the gang sit down for a game of Dungeons and Dragons.**

----

Archer, Lana, Cheryl and Pam sat around one end of the conference table as members of the party. At the other end, Cyril served as DM. “Ok, now…” Cyril studied his maps and his notes on the world and the characters, “Now an Ogre stomps out of the forest, holding a gigantic club. It sniffs, then turns toward you and licks its lips.” From behind his little paper stand, he placed an Ogre figurine in the center of the table. 

“I shoot it,” Archer said. 
 
“You don’t have a gun, Archer. You chose to be a Drunken Master, remember? You fight with your fists.”

Archer took a sip of the mixed drink at his side. “That doesn’t sound like me at all. What am I, Woodhouse?” He paused for a moment, then reconsidered. “I guess then I’d be ‘heroine junkie master’ or something. But *I’m* the master, so that would…”

“It doesn’t matter; you can’t shoot the ogre!” Cyril burst out. Some of his papers were knocked to the ground in his excitement. “So pick something else.” 

“I still think I should get a gun though.” Archer rolled his eyes, clinked the ice against the glass of his drink, and put his feet up on the table. “Fine. I punch it in the gut.”

“Archer,” Lana broke in, “Ogres have skin like a rhino, OK?” She waved the world description sheet that Cyril had prepared, and that Archer hadn’t read. If he had, he would have known that they needed a Paladin or a Mage to really do some damage to it. Which unfortunately none of them had chosen to play as. 

“Well that’s why I wanted to shoot it!” Archer interrupted taking another sip from his drink. “God, am I the only one who recognizes the need for guns in this game?”

Lana ignored him, as usual. “Punching it won’t do anything. You’re just going to get yourself killed *again*, and Cheryl will have to bring you back from the dead *again*.” Cheryl had chosen to play as a Necromancer Warlord and was slowly collecting the other party members as her undead thralls. “At least let me cast some wards first.”

“Why would I need that?” Archer picked up the die and rattled it around. “You've seen me in a fight, Lana. And besides, I was able to take out those dwarves easily!"

"Those dwarf *merchants?*" Lana asked. "The one that were unarmed!?"

"So they claim," Archer replied. He tossed the die into the air. "Come on, snake eyes!”

“Archer, you want a *high* roll!” Lana reminded him. But it was too late: the die clattered across the table, showing a roll of "1." 

“Oooh, massive failure!" Cyril enthused with the biggest grin he'd had all night. "that deals 1 damage to the Ogre, plus your base damage is reduced to 4...” Cyril calculated from behind his paper fortress of charts and information about the campaign. “Which isn’t even enough to break the damage threshold. The Ogre doesn’t even notice the attack at first. But then he realizes what is happening, and swats at Archer.” Cyril picked up the die and threw it onto the table. “Oooh, 19! Critical hit. Archer is thrown into a nearby tree and impaled on a branch. And then the branch breaks and Archer is sent plummeting into nearby branches. And then a squirrel attacks his genitals. And…”

“We get it, Cyril." Lana used her best soothing tone. "He’s dead.” Cyril tended to let his emotions get the better of him when it came to describing Archer’s in-game deaths. 

“What does the party try next?” Cyril asked. He’d shrunk down behind his papers, no doubt preparing some other challenge for them. 

Pam pushed her snacks aside and studied the little Ogre figurine closely. “I seduce the Ogre,” Pam said confidently. 

Archer laughed, Lana rolled her eyes, and Cheryl wasn't paying attention. But Cyril threw up his hands in disgust. “Pam, you can’t just try to seduce your way out of every problem that comes up, OK?” 

“Why not?” she responded. “It’s worked so far.”

Cyril scowled.  It *had* worked so far: she’d managed to seduce an entire band of thieves, a forest spirit, and even a giant spider. All had required nearly miraculous rolls, but Cyril was already making plans to have the party assaulted by a teeming horde of half-spider, half-Pam monsters later on. “Fine.” He went back to his papers. “You *again* need to roll a twenty to convince the Ogre that instead of eating you, it should have sex with you.”

Pam picked up the die and tossed it high into the air… and it landed on the table and bounced to “20.” Pam picked up the figurine from the table and stuck it into her cleavage. “Come to Mama!”

"Now roll to see if the Ogre actually wants it!" Archer butted in, stirring his cocktail and looking expectantly at Lana for a laugh. "'Cause... you know... it's Pam. That ogre is probably out of her league." 

“That… Wha…” Cyril sputtered, ignoring Archer and trying to come up with some response. “I can't believe this. You have sex with the Ogre and have a thousand ugly ogre babies. You happy now? Huh?”

“Calm down, Cyril,” Pam said with the ogre still between her breasts. “It’s just a game. It’s not like anyone cares about this.”

“*I* care!” He shouted back. “I spent *hours* making this campaign, and you just screw your way out of everything I throw at you! It’s just…” He tried to come up with the words to express his frustration, but ended up just sinking back down behind his paper foldout. “You know what, fine. The Ogre is defeated.”

“And just for good measure, I shoot it again,” Archer said as he drained the last of his drink.

----

If you liked this, considerSo, the Sarah and Satan stories were more popular than I ever thought they would be! It was even submitted towhich was *awesome* and a ton of new people read it who normally wouldn't. The subreddit gained over 1,000 new subscribers, and Patreon donations are *way* up! We hit all of the benchmarks that I'd set there, and now I'll be writing a *lot* more of the House Ambaret stories in the next few weeks/months. And because the Sarah and Satan stories were so popular, I'll be writing a few more of those as well. And finally, I'll be finishing up The Necromancer soon. But today is a bit busy at work, so it will probably have to wait until I get home. 

I just want to say how happy it makes me to have people interested in reading my stories. . Thank you all so much for subscribing, and a particular thank you to all the Patreon donors!**[wp] Brain chip implants are perfected, making the recipient a thousand times more intelligent than any human. The Google executives are the first to receive them but once they do, they wander off into the woods never to be seen again.**

---------

Instead of chairs, there were giant pink yoga balls around the large conference room table. And the walls were painted pastel hues of blue and green and yellow. Typical Google. And yet the mood inside was still darker than any CIA blacksite I'd ever been stationed in. 

"Sergei and Larry were last spotted here," Alan told me. He waved a hand, and the surface of the table shimmered and became a map. Pretty damn cool. I'm a bit of a Luddite, but a little more time here at the Google HQ could probably win me over. They had some awesome gadgets. The map zoomed in to show an area of the mountains just north of Santa Cruz. Pretty rural area, with lots of redwoods; pretty nice place. "And over the past week, every other executive and engineer who also received the chip implant followed them in."

"No one thought to keep any eye on them with this experimental thing in their heads?" I asked.

Alan shrugged. Poor guy was really out of his depth. "I wasn't really involved in the planning..." he mumbled. Of course not. Anyone high up enough in the company who knew about the top secret project to enhance someone's intelligence a thousandfold was now lost in the woods. Alan was the highest level exec left, but it seemed like all he really knew about was google's advertising business. *Yawn*.

"Do we know how much cash they might have had? Is there any activity on their cards?" I ran through the usual questions for a missing person. No cash and no cards generally means that they're *still* in that area.

"No activity on their personal cards." Alan waved a hand again and the map swiped to the side to bring up their bank statements. *Ok, I need to get me one of these*. "But just Larry and Sergei have enough squirreled away in their Cayman accounts that they could have a thousand other credit cards and spend billions without me having a clue."

I sighed. Fucking rich people. Poor people are easy to find: they're always crashing on their friend's couch or something, thinking that no one will bother to check their phone records. But the rich are always planning for the proletariat to rise up or whatever. They're *squirrely*. "All right then. Chip me, and let's get this show on the road." After a significant amount of convincing, I'd agreed to use one of these things. If these guys didn't want to be found, then I was going to need to be as smart as they are. 

Alan waved a hand again, and a labcoat-clad scientist in what looked like a gas mask came in with a steaming vial. Using long, thin tweezers he pulled out a glimmering little gadget roughly the size of a grain of rice. "Tilt your head, please," he asked through the respirator. I did as he said, and he dropped the little thing right into my ear.

"That's it?" I asked Alan. "No surgery? I thought it went into my brain."

My question was answered by a sudden searing pain, like the little grain of rice had suddenly turned into a white-hot brand. I clutched the edge of the table till my knuckles were white and tried to suppress a scream of pain. Alan nearly fell off his little yoga ball after seeing the fury in my eyes. And just as quickly as it started, the pain vanished.

"Now that you're properly *equipped*," Alan said, "There's one final thing." He waved a hand, and the bank statements on the table display disappeared. Now there was a picture of a clearing surrounded by tall pines. And in the trunk of each one, there was a series holes and lines and other symbols that were digitally highlighted to make the pattern more clear. "This is our last clue as to where Sergey and Larry went. We've run it through all the computers... hell, even the NSA had a go at it. We think it's some kind of code, but nothing makes any sense."

I studied the image for just a bit, then broke out into a laugh as it all fell into place. It was a breadcrumb, meant only for those of us with the new-found intelligence to follow. "I'm going to need a plane," I told Alan.**[WP] We finally get men on Mars and they discover an old Soviet flag placed down decades ago. The Soviets won the space race but for whatever horrifying reason didn't say anything.**

----

The door was built into the side of a cliff, but about a foot of Martian dust had accumulated in front of the step. A red square was emblazoned on the front, with the yellow image of a hammer and sickle right in the center. Years of sand-blasting storms had taken their toll, chipping away at the edges of the paint until it was jagged and faded. Only the slightest outline of the letters "CCCP" were still visible.

“Definitely Russian,” Commander Davis radioed back to the Mars habitat facility. “Soviet Era.” That had been the working theory ever since the door had been identified in one of the rover’s photos, but no one had been sure until now. The Russians had steadfastly denied that they’d made it to Mars, much less that they’d established some sort of colony. But who else could it have been? Who else had a secretive space program?

The hatch was locked, of course. “Should we knock?” Rodriguez joked. Commander Davis gave the door a hearty pound, but no one answered. Their drill, originally built to excavate soil samples, wasn’t exactly equipped to cut through solid steel. Instead, they bore holes through the red rocks around the hinges until it crumbled apart and the door came crashing down. The airlock was dark and silent. 

Davis and the crew entered the facility. The winding hallway descended deep under the mountain. They passed by room after room, full of bunk beds for sleeping and a large cafeteria with neatly stacked trays. Some of them held computers larger than the rover they’d driven over here. There was an entire floor of greenhouses, now just full of withered stalks and brown soil. 

“What do you think happened here?” Hatfield asked, shining his flashlight on a teddy bear that had been abandoned in the hallway.

Finally, the expedition found the colony's inhabitants in some sort of large gathering space, like an auditorium. The door was sealed from the outside, with no escape. Through a thick window covered in scratch marks, we could see decaying bodies in red jump suits. Some were holding others in one last embrace. Others were apparently trying to escape through some sort of vent, with little luck. 

“Commander?” Norvolisk, the only member of the crew who could read Cyrillic, trained his flashlight beam on a sign. “This hallway leads to the General’s office, it says.” 

This door also had a lock, strong enough to be a bank vault. But it was open. There was a single body at the desk with a pistol in hand and a hole through the forehead. Also on the desk were a stack of journals, each marked with dates ranging from 1963 to 2002.

“Day 1,” Norvolisk read aloud. “The Soviet Republic of Mars is hereby established with the purpose of keeping the People’s Revolution alive even in the event of catastrophic war on Earth. Should the Americans learn of this installation, we would most certainly be a target for attack, and cannot live on the surface in plain view. Therefore, my crew of two hundred is busy hollowing out this living space…”

“Damn,” Rodriguez said. “How in the hell could they establish an off-world colony without us knowing?” 

The journal that Norvolisk was reading started listing off what supplies they’d brought with them, which (while interesting) was really not the question on everyone’s mind right now. He dropped that and picked up the most recent one, last dated March 21, 2002. 

“After 12 years since the last reply from Earth,” the final entry read, “I am forced to conclude the worst: there has been a nuclear war, and our comrades are destroyed. The replacement parts for the water recycler will never arrive. Even this failsafe colony will not be enough to keep the human race alive. Instead, we will all die of dehydration. Faced with that consequence, I had no choice but to exercise Protocol 92 and terminate the colony in a quick and relatively painless way. The gas was deployed at approximately 16:00. Their screams…” There was a tremor in Norvolisk’s voice as he read the entry. The page was spattered with small flecks of blood. “Their screams will haunt me even after I take my own life. Should humanity ever rise from the ashes and return to the red planet, know that we tried. Long live Father Lenin and the People’s Revolution.”**[WP] The day after donating blood, you receive a phone call at work. "We need you to see a specialist immediately. There's a police escort waiting outside. Go NOW."**

---

"Don't let your coworkers know where you are going, and try not to panic." That was the last thing he said before hanging up. Well, fuck. I wasn't panicking *before* he said that! 

I did my best to stay calm and waited for an appropriate amount of time after the call. I guess the government didn't want me to cause a riot or something. *God, what could this be? Some new disease*? "Just stepping out for a bit," I told my office mates as I stood from my chair and nonchalantly donned my jacket. I was suddenly aware of how many sharp objects there were on my desk; what would happen if I cut myself? Would everyone be infected with something? 

"You going to get coffee?" Mike asked, looking up from whatever he was working on. 

"Yeah," I told him, trying to stop my hands from shaking as I picked up my wallet. "Can I get you anything?"

"Actually, I'll come with," he said with a grin. "Need to stretch my legs anyway."

"Oh... I... actually I'm not going to get coffee." *God, I'm such a fucking awful liar.* Mike could clearly see right through me. His eyes narrowed suspiciously and he stood up from his chair. "Well I am," I continued, "Just not *directly*. I have an errand to run first, then I'll swing by Starbucks and grab whatever you want."

He folded his arms over his chest. Sarah had noticed us standing around and took off her headphones. "What's going on?"

"Paul has somewhere to go," Mike said. His face was completely expressionless; I made a mental note to never play poker with him if I recovered from whatever this was. Sarah stood up and tapped her deskmate Amanda on the shoulder.

"I'm just stepping out for a bit." I said quickly before Sarah could start asking questions. "I'll be back in a bit. Mike, while I'm out, could you prepare the design for the Howard account? I just remembered that they called for a status update yesterday and I want to have some good news for them."

I made my way to the doorway without waiting for a response; it would just dig the hole even deeper. Mike and Sarah watched my every step as I hustled to the door. As I stepped out, I saw Amanda stand and look too. 

Once I made it to the stairwell, I ran down the steps as fast as I could go, footsteps bouncing back off of the painted cinderblock walls. *God, what is this disease? What could be so bad that I can't even tell anyone that I have it?*

From above, I heard the faint sound of my office door opening again. Was Mike trying to come to? I looked up the stairwell and sure enough saw a shock of black hair leaning over the railing looking down. I picked up the pace, racing down the last flight of steps. I tore through the lobby just as the elevator door opened; Amanda and Sarah swept into the lobby behind me. "Just stay here!" I told them. "I'll be back soon!" *Why are they trying to follow me?* "Please, don't worry about me," I pleaded.

I managed to make it out the door. Immediately, a heavy steel plate slid into place over the door behind me. I caught one last glance through the glass as Amanda and Sarah rushed toward the dwindling opening, but they were too late. I heard their fists pounding against the door, and cries of... not fear, but anger. Rage even. SWAT officers swarmed out from behind the pillars in front of the office; they were all wearing respirator masks. I was dragged off to a waiting ambulance.

A man in an expensive black suit was waiting inside along with two EMTs. "Paul, I'm Agent Morgan. I..."

"What the hell is going on?" I interrupted, still trying to catch my breath. "Why are you locking my coworkers in the office? Is this a quarantine? Why them and not me? What is this disease that I have?"

He looked almost sad as he answered. "You're not the one infected." A television snapped on in the corner, and I saw my coworkers from the security camera's perspective. They returned to the office, now showing their horrifying true forms.**[WP] You carry a tray of food and drink out to the stone altar on your front lawn. On your way, you wave to neighbors busily arranging their own offerings. Just another Friday night. Suddenly, you realize the house across the street is dark; table still empty. Panic sets in as the sun begins to set.**

----

"Whoa, Ted, a whole turkey? What, you up for a promotion?"

He grinned as he set the gigantic bird on the altar. It must have been at least twenty pounds; larger than the one that had fed my whole family last Thanksgiving. "Even better," he said as he poured the pig's blood over the turkey carcass to make it extra enticing. "Carol and I are trying again. Hoping for a boy this time."

I laughed. Ted was currently the proud father of 6 girls and 0 boys. If I had to guess, I’d say that his Patron spirit wasn’t going to change its preferences no matter *how* big the turkey was. They can be pretty particular about what kind of blessing they grant. “Well, good luck,” I told him. From my own table, I tossed him a can of kidney beans. “Maybe this will help.” The Patrons preferred meat, but beans and nuts have enough protein that they’re generally willing to look the other way. And besides, they like variety. 

“Well, maybe I’ll get lucky and the Allenson’s Patron will come over to my side tonight instead,” Ted answered. “That bastard’s got two boys, and look how he rewards his benefactor.” He nodded to the darkened house across the street from ours. The white paint was peeling off the side, the lawn was unmowed, and even the metal shutters that were supposed to protect them from an angry Patron were rusted and broken. Dale had lost his job a few months back and they were having a hard time keeping up with expenses. It was kind of a downward spiral: he couldn’t afford to feed his Patron well, so he wouldn’t receive a generous blessing, so he couldn’t afford to feed his Patron well. And now it looked like they couldn't even muster a token offering.

I stayed silent and went back to preparing my own offering. It was no secret that Ted despised Dale Allenson. And he’d managed to turn quite a few other families on the block against the Allensons by arguing that their meager offerings angered *all* of the Patrons. That if the Allensons’ Patron had to steal food from the others then there was less to go around for the rest. I was one of the few holdouts on trying to get them evicted, but the consensus was that it was only a matter of time before Dale and his family would be gone. A happy Patron would give blessings like pregnancy, a nice salary bump, good health, etc. But an unhappy Patron… well, let’s just say that you’d be providing protein for it one way or another. 

“Don’t worry about him,” I told Ted. “He’s the one that has to reckon with his Patron, not you.”

“Yeah, whatever.” Ted finished dumping the gravy boat full of blood on top of the meal, giving it one last flick to get all the scarlet drops out. “I just can’t wait till he’s gone and we get a respectable family in there.” Then he stomped back across his lawn, slammed his door closed, then slid the locks into place. His metal shutters snapped closed a moment later, sealing his house off completely. It wasn't enough to stop a really determined Patron, but it would usually frustrate them into giving up. 

When I was sure the street was deserted and everyone had safely returned home, I crossed the street. The last sliver of the sun was just barely visible on the horizon, and the sky was as orange as the changing leaves on our big elm trees. A cold wind sent the leaves that had already fallen rustling across the lawn; winter would come soon. 

I withdrew a large ham from my box, as well as a packet of chicken thighs and pig livers. It had been expensive, but I could afford to do without for a bit if it would help Dale get back on his feet. Ted wasn’t wrong, you know: we all suffered when one Patron went unfed. But that wasn’t a good enough reason to let the Allenson family get devoured. That’s not the neighborly thing to do. Breaking them out of this destructive spiral was.

As I arranged the food on the Allenson’s altar, I noticed a pair of eyes peeking out from behind one of the holes in the metal shutters where some light shined through from the inside. Dale’s thick glasses were easy enough to recognize. The sun was completely gone now, but I managed to light the ceremonial candles just in time to complete the ritual. The slithering sounds of the Patron’s arrival was already coming closer; I needed to get home before they saw me out past sundown. 

My eyes locked onto Dale’s. Even from this distance, I could see a tear trickling down his cheek. I gave an encouraging smile, nodded, and then scampered back across the street and into my own home. The locks slid into place with a click and I headed to the couch to watch a loud movie with my wife, as we always did to drown out the slurping sounds coming from our lawn.

----

The next morning, Dale and I both exited our houses at the same time. To my surprise, he wasn’t wearing boxers and a stained t-shirt anymore; he was in a nice, crisp suit with a briefcase in hand. 

“Well look at you,” I called cheerfully, waving my newspaper in greeting. “Off to Wall Street, eh?”

“Probably to court,” Ted sneered from next door. As usual, he made it his morning ritual to sit on his porch with a cup of coffee and judge his neighbors, trying to guess whether or not their Patron had rewarded them last night. 

Dale ignored Ted. “Off to a job interview, actually. Just got the call this morning.”

That certainly shut Ted up; he grabbed his cup of morning coffee and walked back into his own house while Dale headed toward his car. “Good for you, man.” I told him. “Hope you get it.”

“Yeah, me too.” His eyes drifted to the altar, then to me. His voice lowered. “I really owe you one.”

I waved a hand dismissively. “Don’t worry about it. Any neighbor would have done the same.”


----

Please accept this offering, O Patrons, and**[WP] You dig up a time capsule you buried years ago. Instead of memorabilia, you find a modern phone. It rings.**

----

"What's your earliest memory?" a voice asked me over the phone.

I stared at the screen in disbelief. Instead of finding old pokemon cards and newspaper clippings that I'd put inside, my shoebox time capsule now contained a cell phone. And not the brick-sized monstrosities from when I was a kid: a sleek new iPhone in a bright pink case. Fully charged, and full service, with no explanation for how it got there or where all of my stuff went. And if *that* wasn't weird enough, it rang just *seconds* after I pulled the time capsule out of its shallow grave and opened the box. My own name popped up for that number, but it certainly wasn't my voice on the other end. It was a soft, sultry feminine voice that you'd expect to find on the other end of a phone sex hotline. 

"My *earliest memory?*" Of *all* the weird questions to ask, that was what this woman started with? How about all of *my* questions? "Who is this?" I asked

"Just trust me," she said. For some reason, I did. Deep down, I just felt like I could. "Tell me your earliest memory."

"I... umm..." What *was* my earliest memory? It didn't seem like a hard question, but when I actually *tried* to conjure it up, it was like my brain was full of fog. "I remember walking on the beach in South Carolina with my dad, and our dog. Where we used to go on vacation." The more I described it, the more the image became clear. Like I was dragging it out from its hiding place. I did remember that place, though I hadn't been back since I was like six or seven. The windswept beaches with endless miles of flat, white sand. The cold Atlantic ocean. Barbecuing out on the deck of our vacation rental home. 

"When was the last time you told someone about this memory?" she asked as I was still lost in thought. 

Had I *ever* talked about it with someone? Surely at some point. If not the memory, then at least the beach vacations. "I'm not sure. Maybe four or five years ago?"

"Good," she answered. "I'm not sure how long they've had you. Now, keep that memory in your mind. Really hold onto it. And then go ask your parents if they remember it too. But change it: instead of South Carolina, ask them if they remember going to vacation in Florida. Just don't make them suspicious, and **don't** tell them about the phone."

"I've never been to Florida," I told her. 

"Exactly."

There was silence between us as I processed this. "What the *hell* is going on?" I shouted into the phone, so loud that my neighbor's dog began barking in the yard next to me. "How are you doing this? How did you get this phone into my time capsule? Who *are you*?"

Sometime during my tirade, she hung up. I opened up the contacts section, but my name wasn't listed there. The phone's log of calls was blank. No evidence that the conversation had ever happened... except for the phone itself. 

I went back inside. Mom was washing dishes in the kitchen as I came through the screen door. She shot me a disapproving look, and I realized I was covered in dirt from all the digging. "What were you doing out there, honey? I heard you talking to someone"

"I...." My voice faltered. *Should I tell her*? The voice had wanted me to lie to her and ask if we'd ever been to Florida. Why? What harm could it do, though. She'd ask if I meant South Carolina, and everything would be normal again. "Nothing really," I answered. "I was just singing a song stuck in my head." I could feel the weight of the phone in my pocket. Waiting for me to ask her the question. "Hey, Mom? Remember when we used to rent a house in Florida for vacation? When I was younger?" She stopped washing the bowl in her hand and turned to look at me. I couldn't decipher her facial expression. "We should go back there sometime; I really loved it."

She looked back down at the bowl, but didn't answer right away. Why didn't she answer?? "Of course I remember," she finally answered. "Maybe I'll talk to your father about it, and we can go back."

"Can we try to rent the same house?" I told her, doubling down on the lie. "The one on Sanibel Island?" How could she not remember? We had entire photo albums of our vacation in South Carolina, currently sitting on a shelf in the living room!

"That would be nice," she said, still scrubbing at the bowl.

I opened my mouth to speak, but I felt the phone vibrate in my pocket. I couldn't check it in front of Mom. So without another word, I continued to my room. "Dinner will be in an hour!" she called after me.

> That's not your mother

Just a text message. I typed back: 

> What the hell is happening? Who are you? What do you want?

I tried to sit down, but my entire body was practically jittering with nervous energy. *Not my mother? Then who was she? And who the hell was this on the phone???* I practically jumped a foot into the air when the phone buzzed again in my hand.

> You need to get out of the house.

As soon as I read that, I heard the garage door opening, and Dad's car pulled in.

---------

Ok, I'm turning this into a 'Choose your own adventure' story! Here are your options:

1. 

2.**[WP] You have a superpower that let's you "smell" what a person is like. For example, good hearted people smell good like vanilla, and a bad person would smell something like a public bathroom. One day, you meet someone who doesn't smell like anything.**

----

Most people are just disgusting. Seriously. It's hard to have faith in humanity when you can smell just how rotten to the core we all are. You know the phrase “ugly on the inside?” It’s like that, but at least with sight you can just look away. With smell, it’s an ever-pervasive stench that fills every nook and cranny of the world. People look at me funny with toilet paper stuffed up my nose as I walk down the street, but it’s worth it to not have to smell their horrid nature. I just tell the world that I get a lot of nose bleeds. 

But at least it’s a useful power for a cop to have. No need for the whole “good cop, bad cop” routine during questioning; I can walk into a room and know if the perp is guilty after one good whiff. Some of the junior detectives jokingly call me “Detective Sniffles” without really understanding just how accurate that moniker is. I pick up some vanilla and lavender, the guy can walk. But if it smells like a back alley dumpster, I know we’ve got our man. And it nearly *always* smells like that back alley dumpster. 

“What’s his deal?” I asked Sergeant Lewis, who smelt strongly of raspberries. He was one of the few good ones, even here on the force. I tend to keep guys like that around whenever possible. We stood in the viewing room behind the one-way glass, gazing at the suspected thief in the interrogation room. And he stared right back at us, somehow making eye contact with me even though he wasn’t even able to see us. It was *eerie*. I shuffled over a bit to the left, and his eyes flickered over to follow me. 

“Picked him up near the scene of a jewelry store robbery,” Lewis answered, handing me the file. “He wasn’t running or nothing; just kind of walking down the sidewalk. But his shirt was torn and there were scratches all over his arm, like he’d punched through a window.” I flipped open the folder and the first image that greeted me was a shattered window. “We searched him, but didn’t find any jewels. Doesn’t mean he didn’t stash ‘em somewhere though.” 

“So that’s it?” I asked “Just cuts on his arm? That’s all we got?”

Lewis shrugged. “I mean, he was out strolling on the sidewalk at three AM wearing shorts and a t-shirt… in the middle of fuckin’ January. He was the only person within a three block radius of the store that got hit. And there’s just something… *off* about him.” I looked back at the perp; he was still staring right at me through the one-way glass. And I don’t think he’d even *blinked* in the time I’d been in here.

“All right,” I said, closing the folder again. “We got a name?” 

Lewis shook his head. “Wouldn’t give us a name, and had no ID on him.”

“Well, guess I’ll go talk to him, then.”


I opened the door and walked into the room with our mystery man. And it took me a moment to realize what was so off: there was absolutely no smell. Lewis’s raspberry scent was still lingering in my nostrils a bit, and I could still smell the fetid-swamp aroma of the last guy I’d questioned in this same room… but this guy had *nothing*. I took a big, long whiff as I moved closer, thinking maybe it was just a faint smell…. But no. He was completely odorless.

“So…” I wasn’t sure exactly how to proceed. I mean, I’ve had perps where I wasn’t sure exactly what the scent *meant*, like the smell of sawdust or freshly cut grass: not *unpleasant*, but sometimes so overwhelming that it offends the senses anyway. Turns out those guys are the ones who are generally well-meaning, but got into some bad shit on accident. Road to hell is paved with good intentions and all that. But I’ve never had anyone with absolutely no smell at all. “What should I call you, buddy?” I sniffed again as I passed behind him. Still nothing.

“You should find a Kleenex, detective,” the perp answered. He continued to stare into the one way mirror, perhaps making eye contact with Sergeant Lewis now. His hands were cuffed behind him, but he didn’t struggle against the chains; his arms just hung there, limp. He didn’t even seem to mind the lacerations all along his right arm.

“So you knocked over a jewelry store,” I told him. “But my question is, why hang around the area? Why wait to get picked up by the police.” I nodded at his attire. “And why shorts and a t-shirt? Thieves get cold too.” I felt like I was just stalling for time here. Why was there no smell??

“Maybe I wanted to get caught,” the man answered.

“Oh?” I sat down across the table from him. “And why would you want to do that?”

The man shrugged. “I do as I am ordered.” I tapped the button under the table, calling Sergeant Lewis into the room. Something about this was wrong. There should have been a smell. “And I was ordered to bring a message to *you*, detective.”

He was up and out of his seat in an instant. The handcuffs went skittering across the concrete floor, and I noted with horror that his *hands* were still in the cuffs. But they went limp and flat, like they were just a pair of gloves. I didn’t have much time to ponder that, because the perp picked up the table between us and tossed it across the room like it was made of balsa wood. He lunged forward, and I noticed that his hands were now metallic and articulated like something out of fucking Terminator. I only had a brief second to take that in before the cold steel was wrapped around my neck and he was choking the life out of me. “We know who you are, detective,” he whispered. “And we can’t have your kind using their powers for good.”

Gunshots exploded through the room, and the man’s face was just suddenly gone. It was replaced by a mass of sparking wires and shredded metal. The hands still gripped my neck, but they’d gone still and were no longer gripping as tight. Sergeant Lewis’s raspberry scent flooded into my nostrils, and I glanced over to see him standing in the doorway with his gun still raised. Just in case the man… or, whatever this thing was…. was somehow not stopped by a few bullets to the head. 

“What the fuck was that, Detective?” He pried its hands off my neck, sending the remains toppling down to the ground.

We both stared at the body, and particularly at the wires and metal parts extruding from where its head and hands had been. I guess that explained why I couldn’t smell him. “I’ve got no fucking idea,” I answered.**[WP] Something with a happy ending. Anything at all.**

----

The acorn basked in the warm heat of the summer sun. It was surrounded by the bright green leaves of the tall, tall tree. And that was all that the acorn had ever known, or wanted to know. 

But then the cold came, and the leaves began to change: to vivid red, fiery orange, and bright yellow. Wind howled and rain came pouring down, causing the old tree to shake. The acorn clung to the branch with all its might even as the leaves grew brittle and began to fall. And when the grass far below was no longer visible under the thick carpet of fall foliage, the acorn could hold on no longer. It plummeted toward the ground, away from the comfortable branch of the mighty tree. And the acorn was scared. 

It was cold and lonely on the ground. The leaves that the acorn had known so well on the branch were gone; all that remained were dried husks that only looked like its old friends. They began to crumble, and the acorn experienced ice and snow for the first time. It sought shelter from the cold in the grimy, uncomfortable dirt. But life was so much more miserable now than it was back on the branches. The acorn wondered why all of this was happening to it.

“Is anyone else out there?” the acorn desperately called. “Anyone at all?”

“I am here,” the roots answered from deep within the earth. The voice was not too dissimilar from the branch’s, but older and wizened. “I’ve always been here.”

“I’m scared,” the acorn told the roots. “I want to go back to the branch where it was warm and safe.” Even as it spoke, the ground around the acorn was freezing solid, and a thick blanket of snow carpeted the ground. The remains of the leaves were gone as well. 

“It will be OK,” the roots answered. “This is the way of things. I’ve enjoyed many summers and endured many winters. And every time, the acorns fear that the summer will never come. But I know it will.”

The acorn trusted the roots. But the winter cold never ended. Wind howled through the trees. The blanket of snow melted, then another storm passed and an even thicker layer came. The acorn tried to go deeper into the dirt but it was too cold and hard. “Patience,” the roots advised. The acorn wasn’t sure how much longer it could go on like this.

But then a bird began to sing. “The sun is out,” the roots advised the acorn. “See for yourself.”

The acorn tried to look from deep under the soil, but it couldn’t see. Though the acorn hated the dirt, it was at least familiar now, and leaving was a scary prospect. But as the Acorn peered upward, it realized that now the ground wasn’t so cold, or so hard. So the acorn stretched and poked above the surface for the first time in ages. It had forgotten the smell of the air and the warmth of the sun! And the forest was so different! Trees were in bloom, and even flowers were growing in between the mighty oaks. The branches had spoken of flowers, but the acorn had been too young to remember them.

“Well?” the roots asked the acorn. “Better?”

The acorn unfurled its first leaves and soaked in the spring. “Better,” it answered.

---

If you enjoy my writing, consider**[WP] You are a manipulative psychopath, but instead of serial killer, you are a serial helper. using your emotionless genius to make other people smile.**

---

I prefer the term "clinical." It makes people think of scientists in labs or doctors curing people. "Psychopath" is just ugly. It conjures images of knife-wielding maniacs. Both words mean the same thing: devoid of emotional attachment. So does it really matter? Yes. Appearance is everything is this world, and I am a chameleon. 

My hobby started out as an experiment. I adhere rigorously to the scientific method, you know, and set out to prove that I really am a psychopath. I'd always had an inkling, even from a young age. Others may experiment with torturing animals or even peers to probe the depths of how far their emotional void goes. They want to inflict pain to confirm that they don't feel the same. But I took a different tack: I tried making people laugh. Or smile. Or cry (with joy, that is). And it became an addiction. Seeing their happiness doesn't affect me in the slightest, but I did enjoy being able to control their emotions. They were only happy because I made them that way

My first major success was a young woman in college. The subject's name was Sarah. We've all seen the type: going out drinking every night and ending up in a different man's bed who wouldn't even know her name by the next morning. And so ashamed of her behavior that she wouldn't want him to remember. I watched her for weeks, observing her self-imposed isolation and continuing downward spiral. And I saw her sit in her bathtub for over an hour one night with a razor blade, before climbing out sobbing. I had done small acts for people in the past, but this is when I really decided to go all out. I was going to change Sarah's life.

I correctly estimated that she'd been brought up by overbearingly religious parents who stifled any thoughts of sexuality and independence. Now that she was away at school, the pendulum had swung to the other side, and she'd had a major falling out with her parents over her lifestyle. 

I don't really know why I picked Sarah. There was nothing special about her, and we were barely acquainted; we just had one class together. Maybe that was it, though: maybe if I could help *her*, it would set a precedent that I could help *anyone*. 

The first step was not pretty. She was found in the middle of the quad, passed out with an open bottle of vodka. She had no memory of getting there, nor any recollection that I had carried her. Or that I had been the one at the party who kept matching her shot-for-shot (and pouring them over my shoulder). She was punished by the school, but not as severely as the police would have. I knew that a criminal charge would do more harm than good, so I abandoned my initial plan to fake a DUI crash with her behind the wheel. But showing her consequences was the first step to her sobriety.

I called her Dad the next day. "Dr. Hamilton," was the alias I used, I think. Fictional names are always so hard to come up with. I told him that she was in a coma after a severe car accident, and we needed him to come right away in case she passed on. I can only imagine his reaction when he found out the truth, but it had the intended effect: they reconciled. Family bonds have always been a challenge for me to dissect, but I know that a crisis (real or not) can be an amazing catalyst.

The next few months were a laundry list of smaller things to help get her on her way. I would arrange for her to meet with people that I thought had compatible personalities, and she eventually developed a close-knit group of friends who didn't just want to get hammered at frat parties. It was as simple as ensuring that some of them failed the right classes so that they'd have to take makeup exams with Sarah. She began to study and raised her grades to an acceptable level. And eventually I made sure that she met that quiet guy from her Biology class who'd always had a bit of a crush on her. I'm not proud of how I accomplished *that*, but I think that if the happy couple ever found out, they'd understand why I did what I did. She's on her way to medical school now, where I unfortunately won't be able to continue my 'guidance.' But I have a good feeling that she won't need it anymore. 

I wish I could say that this made me happy. Or sad to lose her. Or anything. But, I can't say those things. At the end of three years of obsessing over Sarah's life, my only thought is: who will the next specimen be?**You are Death. On the last day of the Universe, all the lights are gone, and you have one more soul to usher into your realm, before the doors close forever... It's none other than your oldest opponent, "Life". [WP]**

---------------------

“Fine!” Life shouted to Death. 

“Fine!” he retorted with a snarl. They stood across from each other for a while and stared, neither wanting to be the first to speak again but knowing that something had to give. Tears streamed down Life’s cheeks while Death managed to hold his back by clenching his teeth as tight as he could. 

“I’m going out for a while,” Death informed her as he opened the door. “I just need to be…. anywhere but here right now. Anywhere without *you*.”

“Good. Go,” Life turned away so that she didn’t have to watch him leave. Death hesitated over the threshold, waiting for her to maybe stop him. But she didn’t.

Life crossed the room, grabbed the door with one hand, and shouted after Death: “Don’t bother coming back!” Then she slammed it shut, so hard that matter exploded into creation from nothing. 

-------------

Death stewed as he wandered the new universe that their fight had created. His thoughts were full of chaos and upheaval, much like the stars and planets being born around him. He kept replaying the fight over and over again in his mind, wondering how it had spiraled so far out of control. The adage about opposites attracting was never more true than between Life and Death. When it worked, it was beautiful and perfect in every way. But when they had a falling out, it was explosive. Somehow, though, they always found their way back to each other. 

After a few billion years of idly sculpting stars and galaxies, Death began to regret his actions. He’d said things that he didn’t really mean. Horrible, hurtful things that he could never take back now. No wonder that she’d sobbed the way she did. And she, in turn, had hurt him just as bad. 

The more he thought about it, the worse he felt. He still loved Life with all his heart. One fight just *couldn’t* be the end of them. Finally, Death decided to apologize to Life.  But first, he had to show her just how much she meant to him.

He picked a cozy little spot in this new universe with just the right conditions, then got to work. Even for a cosmic, eternal being such as himself, it was no easy task. He started small with the tiniest micro-organisms floating through the primordial swamp. As he mastered his tools, Death’s work got more and more complex. Multi-cellular creatures, larger and larger with each batch that he tweaked. Growing in wildly different directions, thriving even without his touch. Finally, after millions of years of careful planning, he created something not in his *own* image, but in the image of the one that he loved. 

Then he began to reap what he had sown.

-------

The stars around Death began to dim. *Has it really been that long*? He wondered to himself. Surely Life’s wrath would have faded by now. He returned to Earth, the site of his project, and collected the very last of the souls. And just as he finished, Life appeared by his side. 

She didn’t speak; she just watched him finish his work. He returned to her with the bouquet of souls that he’d grown: billions and billions of them, from all sorts of creatures. The jewels of the collection, though, were the humans. Complex and intricate, full of emotion and wonder, just like Life. “I made these just for you,"  Death told her. "I hope you like them,”

“They’re *wonderful*,” she whispered, unable to take her eyes off of them. 

“Forgive me?” Death asked. 

Life took him by the hand, smiled, and together they closed the door that they’d opened all those eons ago.**[WP] Once a year you switch bodies with a random person who is best in the world at a certain skill. You can't change back until you discover what this skill is. You've been changed for a month and are starting to get worried.**

----

My mom always told me that everyone was good at something. She'd say that to cheer me up when I failed math, or when I didn't make the cut for the football team, or when I tried playing the trumpet and it sounded more like someone torturing a whale. One night, while watching a falling star from my backyard, I got so fed up with *not* knowing what I was good at that I wished for the ability to find out. I only wanted to know *my* best skill; in hindsight, I should have been more specific.

The first trip was utterly terrifying. One warm august, at the age of 17, I didn’t wake up in my own bed ready to go to class. I woke up in the body of a grown man, tall and strong. I wasn’t in control of the body, though: more like a passenger. Able to observe, but not change. We had a big protein smoothie for breakfast, then we went out and won the U.S. Open. I learned that this man’s skill was tennis: after that win, he was officially ranked best in the world.

Those are the easy ones. Hell, some of them I’ve already heard of from watching the Olympics or whatever. I can identify their skill pretty much as soon they open their eyes and look in the mirror. And then I’m thrown back into my own body like I never left. Well, almost: I always get just a little nugget of their skill. I won’t be winning Wimbledon any time soon, but my serve is much improved since that experience. Part of them comes back with me. 

Some of them are a bit more difficult to recognize, but it becomes apparent once they use their skill. I spent a week living on the banks of the Ganges river as a 60 year old woman, trying to figure out what the hell she was known for. Then the rains came and one of her baskets broke. Within *minutes* she had woven a new one so tightly that it could be used to get water from the river. Best basketmaker in the world. I’ve also lived as the world’s best fisherman, best violinist, best realtor, speedcuber, and even the world’s best yo-yoer(who, might I add, is far more full of himself than any other expert I’ve been in). None of them have taken more than a few weeks to recognize, because the best at anything always has to practice their skill.

This time it’s different. I’ve been here for 2 months now, and this guy, Alan, is the most mundane person I’ve ever met. He sells oil rig machinery for a living, so we spend most of our time driving around the Gulf Coast, staying in one crappy motel after another. And he’s not a particularly good salesman either, so that can’t be it. He doesn’t seem to do anything else with his time. When not working, he reads, watches TV…. Nothing.

---

Alan rose from the bed and opened his eyes. I was barely even paying attention anymore because of how boring this guy’s life was. *Oh boy, another breakfast of cheerios,* I thought. *Same as every other morning.* But then I realized that it was still dark outside.

Alan didn’t put on his normal work suit. He put on one of those Adidas track suits with the three stripes down the side. I’d never seen him wear that before. *Are we going running or something? Maybe he’s an ultramarathoner*. That one would certainly be a trait I’d like to take back; I’ve got the stamina of a jellyfish. But that idea went out the window when he went into the bathroom and put on a wig and makeup. I’d never seen that before either. We came out looking like a completely different person; a woman, actually. *Best…. Burlesque show performer?*

We got into the car. Now I *was* eagerly paying attention. It was finally getting interesting. Alan jumped on the interstate going 70 and headed inland. He didn’t seem to have a particular destination in mind, and just pulled off at a random exit. 

There was *nothing* there. Even the McDonalds at this truck stop of a town wasn’t open 24 hours a day. Only the gas station’s lights were still on. Alan drove until he found a random house with darkened windows. I was desperately trying to think of how this might reveal his skill. Was he a CIA agent or something? Was he a master thief?

He didn’t knock on the door; we went in through a broken basement window. The answer was looking more and more like ‘thief’ as Alan crept up the stairs and through their kitchen. But why was the world’s greatest thief breaking into some random home in a run-down suburb that had seen better days? Shouldn’t he be, like… breaking into the Louvre or something?

In the kitchen, Alan grabbed a knife from the countertop. *Oooooh no,* I thought. *No, no, no*. I was helpless to stop him as he entered a child’s bedroom and plunged the knife through a Dora the Explorer blanket on the bed. The girl’s scream awoke her parents, who came running right into Alan’s trap and were stabbed in the back as they rushed to their daughter’s bedside. After this, I had to shut my eyes as Alan carried out a gruesome ritual and began to clean up the bodies. Before we left, he hand-wrote Hallmark cards from the “Farewell” section of the local pharmacy and left the cards on their bodies.

The next morning, Alan rose from his bed and ate his cheerios like nothing was wrong. As usual, the morning news was on the television, and maybe he paid more attention to it than normal. Finally I felt a surge of joy ripple through him as the story that he’d been waiting for came on: the Greeting Card Killer strikes again. I finally realized Alan’s skill and vanished from his mind.

-----

I’ve never felt so good to be back in control of my own body. I couldn’t even get out of bed; I just shivered in horror and vomited over the side as I relived last night's events. But then I realized that I *knew* Alan. I knew his name, where he was staying, where he’d hidden the evidence. I knew everything! I dashed into the kitchen and picked up my phone to dial 9-11.

From the corner of my eye, I spotted a knife gleaming on the counter. And as a wave of nervous energy and excitement sent a chill down my spine, I also realized what I’d brought back from my time with Alan.

----

If you liked this, consider**[WP]You sold your soul to the Devil some years ago, today he gives it back and says, "I need a favor".**

----

I had my crossbow trained on the bushes before I even managed to fully wake up. I'd always joked that I could kill a demon in my sleep by now, but I was just using it as a turn of phrase. Apparently it was true.

"Show yourself," I told the quivering bunch of leaves across the clearing. My legs were still encumbered by sleeping furs, and extracting myself while still keeping my hands on the crossbow and my eyes trained on the target was proving more difficult than I'd imagined. "How'd you get past my wards?" I'd carved protective runes into every damned tree in this forest, any one of which should have been enough to do some good damage to any demon or hellbeast trying to get the jump on me. At the very least, it should have woken me up.

The figure emerged from the bushes, and I realized why none of the defenses were triggered. Lucifer, the King of Hell. I threw the crossbow aside; it wouldn't work against him. At least, it hadn't the *last* three times that I tried to kill him. He seemed the same upon first glance, but as he approached I could tell that something had changed. His magnificent crown and jeweled scepter were gone. He wore a simple black cloak, ragged and riddled with holes. And he was *terrified*. 

"Hello again, Monsieur Baudelaire." He was still trying to project the same air of confidence, but he was checking over his shoulder every other second, and his hands shook against his sides. The arrogant grin on his face quaked as though it weighed a thousand tons and it took every last muscle in his body to maintain the facade. "How goes the hunt?"

He knew damn well how the hunt was going. He certainly would have heard if I had managed to kill the demon I'd been after for the past two centuries. I'd racked up a pretty decent count, but never the one that I wanted. "Get on with it," I growled to him. "What are you here for now?"

He came closer to the fire. "Well you're certainly a man of action, no doubt about that." There was a wound on his shoulder that seemed to be smoking slightly. "I have an offer for you. A deal," he continued. The same thing he'd said that rainy Wednesday afternoon as I knelt over my daughter's grave. I would have given *anything* for the powers to find the ones that had killed her, and all he'd asked was my soul. A small price to pay.

"I've got nothing left to give you," I told him. "Unless you're ready to give up Corson." That, of course, was the creature that killed Marie, and one of Lucifer's most powerful lieutenants. That was my original demand, but Satan had explained that there are some deals that even *he* didn't have the power to make. But he'd been quite amused at the prospect of letting me hunt down Corson on my own, and apparently there was no rule against that. 

"That's just the thing," Satan explained. "That's precisely why I'm here."

We stared at each other for a moment. Demons, you can never trust. But the King of Hell was bound by some fundamental laws, and could only *honestly* seduce men with promises of power and wealth and whatnot. I gestured toward a log for him to sit, and threw some more fuel on the embers to get them going again. I could at least hear him out. 

"Corson," he started, "Has gotten a bit... self important, let's say." I snorted. Understatement of the century. Every scrap of intelligence I'd managed to gather about the bastard all pointed the same way: he was a smug, pretentious egomaniac. "And he... ahem... has taken over Hell."

The logs in the fire crackled and popped a bit as I absorbed the news. I studied Lucifer's face. I knew he couldn't lie to me, but... could something like *this* be real?? Then I laughed. A long, raucous laugh that echoed through the forest and sent birds fleeing into the sky. I hadn't laughed like that in *centuries*! "Couldn't happen to a nicer fellow," I told Lucifer in between peals of laughter and gasping for breath. "You really know how to pick your friends."

"Yes, thanks. I'm well aware of the irony of the situation. God said pretty much the same thing when I went to *him* for help with this little bit of insurrection." That made me laugh even harder. What, exactly, had Satan expected? That the still-loyal Angels would rally around him? "Look, I'm not *proud* of this," he continued. "I need your help."

I managed to calm myself down, though a few snickers still managed to bubble out. "All right, all right. What's your offer, then?"

"Two hundred and thirty one years ago, you sold me your soul in exchange the gifts to hunt down Corson and exact your revenge. And all I want is to... you know, help you along a bit. If you bring me his head, then I'll give you your soul back." From nowhere, he summoned what looked like a twirling diamond of light so gossamer thin that you couldn't even be sure that it really existed. It looked like it was straining and fighting to escape his palm but with no success. 

I'd never seen my own soul before. Even when he took it, it had just vanished and I could only *feel* the difference. The aching cold in my heart.

"Keep it," I finally growled. "It's already pretty tarnished." I didn't need *Lucifer's* help to get Corson. Especially now that I knew where he was. 

Satan gave an exaggerated sigh, back to his confident self for just a moment. "I thought you might say that." In his other hand, he summoned a second soul. This one looked more like it was made of a cloud of vapor lit from within. It was light blue, with an intricate spiraling pattern. The demons all say that each soul looks different. "If not for yours, then how about I also throw in *Marie's* soul? For your daughter? Would it be nice if she could go to Heaven like she deserves?"

Her soul danced across his palm in a delicate ballet, just like my little girl used to do. "All right," I whispered through tears.**[WP] You live in a world where you are automatically branded by supernatural means when you commit a crime. Say you steal something, the word thief appears on your forehead, ensuring you become an outcast. You are given a wide berth by everyone due to your brand: GODSLAYER**

-----

Alessandra was ill the night that I killed her.

I know that doesn’t absolve me of my sin, but I have to repeat it to myself anyway. She was ill the night that I killed her. She wasn’t in her right mind. She’d become savage, like a wild beast. Scratching and biting and howling. I grasped her by the wrists and tried to hold her still; tried to calm her. She’d had episodes like this before but never so severe. She struggled and managed to sink her teeth into my shoulder hard enough to tear off a hunk of my flesh. And without even thinking, I shoved her away, perhaps harder than I’d meant to. 

I heard the *clunk* of her head hitting stone. I thought she’d just slipped; there was blood all over the floor, after all. And more streaming down her chin. But then she didn’t get up. She lay still, eyes vacantly staring at me. Accusing me. And then her name appeared on my left wrist, with the word *murderer* on the right. I’d killed my own daughter. 

Everyone in the village knew what I’d done, of course. There was no way to hide it, not with the name *Alessandra* emblazoned into my skin. And my explanation of her illness had fallen on deaf ears. Some of them pretended to believe me and even sympathize with me, but they all knew that the Lord of Justice had found me guilty: it was right there on my wrist in immutable black. I repeated the explanation only for my own sake; without it, I would have been driven mad by guilt. I’m still not sure if it was enough.

Her name was the first thing I saw when I woke up in the morning, and the last thing I saw before sleep. Every sword I forged, every horseshoe I hammered out, every time I stoked the coals or fanned the flames in my workshop, I saw her name. Sometimes I wondered if the Lord of Justice had tattooed it inside my eyelids as well, because even with my eyes closed I still saw it. 

The name has blurred by now. Now, my left wrist is just a solid bar of black from a hundred different names covering each other. The Lord of Justice never saw fit to write their names anywhere else, and never knew he was doing me a favor by obscuring her’s. On my right, the word *murderer* is still clear as a bell, though. That word is always the same. And I don’t have any excuses for the others like I do for Alessandra. The others I killed in cold blood. They were always a means to an end.

But it was worth it. A decade of traveling and searching and hunting and killing and I finally found my way to the Palace of Truth. Most doubted that it even existed, and called me mad for trying to find it. Many tried to stop me, and their names had been added to my wrist in short order. But where else could I get the redemption I sought? Where else could I explain *why* I’d done what I did? Who else could hear my appeal but the Lord of Justice himself?

He was surprised by my visit, to say the least. I was the first mortal to ever reach his hallowed hall. But he allowed me the opportunity to plead my case. 

“Alessandra was ill the night that I killed her,” I told him. I explained what had happened to her, and how I was only trying to keep her safe. That it had been a reflex; an accident. I poured out my heart and soul. My anguish and my guilt and my loneliness and my anger. Then I fell to my knees and *begged* for his forgiveness. I told him I’d do *anything* to remove her name from my wrist, even buried under all the others.

He looked straight through me with a gaze that lasted an eternity. “Appeal denied,” he announced without even a hint of remorse. If gods can even feel that.
So I killed him. Like Alessandra’s death, I didn’t even think. My body just acted for me, and before I knew it my sword was through his chest. But *unlike* Alessandra’s death, it was no accident. Every day for the past ten years, I’d dreamed of my redemption. Of the Lord of Justice finally realizing that he’d been wrong to brand me for her death. And he’d robbed me of that moment. He deserved death instead. 

Who knows when the mark appeared? I can’t exactly see my own forehead. But I know that when I returned to town, everyone who looked me in the eyes would soon recoil and flee. Finally I found my way to a still pool of water and saw my reflection with a new addition: the word “GODSLAYER” tattooed across my forehead.

Perhaps it was meant as a mark of shame. But for me, it was a token of pride. The Lord of Justice had wrongly blamed me for Alessandra’s death, and I’d made him pay for it. But this mark was also a new piece of information: that there were others out there doling out judgment from on high. Others who could hear my appeal and grant me the clemency that I so desired. And if they refused… well, what’s another tattoo?**[WP] You have a feeling that your history teacher may just be immortal.**

------

As students took their seats, Ms. Hewitt stood at the front of the class and paced back and forth. Despite her wrinkled skin and hunched appearance, she was still spry and energetic in class. Always excited and animated about whatever the discussion was. 

"Well, class, what was your favorite topic this year? What period would you like to know more about?"

There were groans from the class. *Seriously? On the last day of class before summer vacation, she still wants to make us learn something?* "Come on, Ms. Hewitt!" Kevin Knapp shouted from the back. "Can't we just watch a movie or something? That's what all the other teachers let us do!" And of course, 'watch a movie' was basically just code for goof off, or sleep. 

Ms. Hewitt's face fell. "There's nothing else that you're curious about? I'm telling you, you won't have another opportunity like this to learn about world history!" She smiled at the class. I *almost* raised my hand with a question, but I demurred as usual. I'm not really cut out for public speaking, unless I absolutely have to.

"*Oh no!*" someone 'whispered' from the back of the classroom, loud enough that everyone could hear it. A chorus of laughs filled the room. 

She pursed her lips and nodded. "I see. Well, I'll put on a film, then." She returned to her desk and turned on the computer that she normally never touched. She was much more of an old-fashioned books-and-paper type teacher. After a few minutes of fruitlessly clicking the mouse, she turned to me. "Susan, mind giving me a hand with this?" I'd helped her set up the projector a few times, and had therefore become the go-to tech support in class.

I got up from my desk, and the other students took that as leave to stop giving a shit at all. They turned and talked, laughing with each other, watching videos on their phones... anything but paying attention. 

I had the projector on in just a few minutes, and brought the remote to Ms. Hewitt at her desk.

"Thanks." She flicked off the lights and turned on a movie: an old History Channel documentary about the colonization of India. Not that anyone would have paid attention no matter what she put on, but some of the other students still groaned. They'd wanted Saving Private Ryan or some other blockbuster that just had a dash of history.

"You know," I told her quietly, "I was always interested in Ancient Rome. But... do you really think Nero was as bad as they say? Or does he just get a bad reputation in history?"

Her entire face lit up, and the spark that had almost died came roaring back to life. "Oh no!" she answered. "No, he wasn't nearly the man that people think he was! He was so distraught over that fire. And such a great leader. It was that mother of his, Agrippina. She's the one that everyone hated."

Back in the rows of seats, two of the football players were slapping at each other, to a chorus of raucous cheers. Ms. Hewitt rolled her eyes and grimaced. 

"Well, I'd better get back to my desk," I told her, assuming she'd want to discipline those students.

"Hold on," she said. From her pocket, she withdrew a large gold coin, roughly the size of a silver dollar. "Susan, you're one of the best pupils I've had in a long time. Great grades on your tests, hardworking... but more than that, I feel like you actually *care* about history. You understand its importance."

I nodded. "It's my favorite subject, Ms. Hewitt."

"I want you to have this." She pressed the coin into my palm and curled my fingers around it. It felt ice-cold, even though it had been in her pocket. "Keep it with you at all times. It's very valuable." I looked at the engraving on the coin. It showed a serpent with three heads: a man with prominent Roman features, a roaring lion, and a snorting bull. "It's Chronos," Ms. Hewitt told me. "God of Time."

"I thought they put Emperors on coins."

She laughed. "The Emperors put their heads on the coins *that they made*, yes." That didn't quite answer my question. "But this coin is far older than even the Emperors."

I looked back down at it. "I can't take this!" I held the coin back out to her.

She pushed my palm away gently. "Yes, you can."

"You... are you sure?"

She nodded and smiled. "I've had it for long enough, and I'm just... tired. It's yours now. **Remember**: keep it with you." Her tone grew severe, like a warning.

"I will," I answered, still a bit confused. I headed back to my desk with the coin still in my palm.

"HEY!" she shouted to the football players, who had now started fighting. Her voice was now tired and croaking, like she'd suddenly caught a severe cold. Even her movements seemed to slow. Mike Lewis had Devin Hammond in a headlock, and other students were cheering one or the other on. "Break it up, you two!" 

I studied the coin in my hand, and the man's head winked at me.**[WP] Turns out every museum comes to life at night. Not everyone gets to be a guard at the Smithsonian though. You? You guard the Hollywood Horror Museum, where all the most famous horror props and icons are kept. Good luck...**

----

"What's it gonna be, Frankie?" I asked the gargantuan 'man' towering over me. In the dim light, the scars rippling across his pallid greenish skin were hardly visible, but it's hard to cover up those massive neck bolts. "Up to try something new tonight?" I shook *Battleship* at him, rattling all the little plastic pieces inside the box. 

He shook his massive head and reached out his huge gnarled hands for a different box on the cart. 

"'LIFE' it is, then." I handed him his favorite board game, and a grin spread across his broad face. I’m not quite sure if he understood the irony in his choice, but if it made him happy and quiet for the next eight hours, then it was good enough for me. "And who's your partner for Board Game Night?"

The roar of a chainsaw answered me. I leaned into the exhibit just to confirm, and Leatherface waved back in greeting. I might have to sew some of Frankie’s limbs back sometime in the night if he complained too much, but there are definitely worse fates. 

"Got it." I marked it down on my clipboard, then ushered Frankie inside and sealed the exhibit back up. Most museums have locks and bolts and state-of-the-art security to keep thieves and burglars *out*, but we have it to keep the exhibits *in*. And I'm proud to say that on my watch, we’ve only had one jailbreak in the entire fifteen years. When I was a rookie, I made the mistake of letting Candyman use the bathroom and he got out through the mirror. There were only four victims before he was recovered, though. All in all, not so bad.

I moved on to the next cell. Samara from The Ring sat at a table across from the lifeless masked face of Michael Meyers. The only sound came from the dull static humming of the television in the background that Samara had crawled out of, accompanied by the steady drip of water from the end of her long dark hair. “Well, this should be a stimulating conversation,” I joked. Neither of them said anything; they both just glared. As always. I dropped Candyland on the table and flashed a smile. “You’ll love it!” Then I exited the exhibit and sealed it back up. Inside, Michael Meyers was studying the lollipops on the box like they were alien creatures descended from outer space. Well, not really: he’d seen dozens of those, and wasn’t particularly curious about them now that he’d stabbed them all multiple times. 

I went about distributing the rest of the games to the other exhibits. The Creature from the Black Lagoon chose Monopoly, much to the chagrin of his partner Pennywise. I had a feeling that the board would be overturned within the next hour; the Creature wasn’t exactly known for having a mellow temper. Despite my urging to introduce some variety, Jigsaw selected Mousetrap once again for him and the Poltergeist to enjoy. Rather than pick between Sorry! and Boggle, Dr. Lecter tried to question my sexual orientation and whether my father had beat me as a child. And Damien and Chucky didn’t even wait for me to ask what game they wanted before ripping Risk out of my hand and running back into their exhibit to set up the board. 

“Ok, I’ve got Scrabble, Battleship, and Uno left…” I announced to the last cell on this wing. “What’s it going to….” My voice trailed off as I realized that Norman Bates was alone in the exhibit. Well ‘alone’ in the sense that it was just him and Mother, who was propped up against the wall collecting dust. “Where’s…” I reached for my clipboard to check which partner had been assigned to Norman for tonight. But the soft flutter of wings behind me answered the question before I could check the assignment sheet. *Dracula*.

His hot breath washed over my neck as he prepared to bite. I whirled and whipped out my spray bottle of holy water faster than an Old West gunslinger. “How… many… times…” I shouted at him, each word punctuated with a spritz from my bottle, “do I have to tell you… to stay in your exhibit!” The whole turning-into-a-bat thing was pretty fascinating when I first started, but now it was just annoying. And my wife didn’t take too kindly to the fact that I had to start wearing garlic-scented cologne. 

“Gah!” the vampire hissed as the spray began to burn his skin, sending tendrils of smoke curling into the air. He whipped the velvety cape over his face for cover and ducked back into the cell. 

“Mother told you it wouldn’t work,” Norman smirked. “Should have listened!”

“No need to gloat, Norman.” I tossed Scrabble onto the table between them, then pointed a finger right in Dracula’s face. “That’s the last time, you hear me? Next time, I’m just going to stake you and you can spend the night as a pile of dust on the floor, OK?” It was hard to impress consequences on them when everything would just revert back to normal at sunrise, so a night of death was really all I could threaten them with.

Before Dracula could respond, a shiver-inducing howl sounded through the corridor. “God damn it,” I whispered under my breath. I quickly locked up the exhibit while the two divvied up the little wooden letter blocks. “That can't be good." I hurried off to the East Wing to figure out what exactly was going on with Wolfman.


---

As always, there are more stories on  too! Did you know that I'm continuing  story?  and  are there!**[WP] Each child in your village is chosen by a weapon at their coming of age. The deadlier the weapon, the greater the prestige for the family. You've been chosen by the pen.**

---

The red stain spread across the yellow uniform that covered Defur’s chest. I knelt over him, paying no heed to the drops of blood getting on my own uniform. But there was nothing to be done; with one final shudder, Defur died on the street right there in my arms. 

The three members of the Order of the Sword stood over him and watched him die without so much as a glimmer of remorse. Their red uniforms were not as visibly stained, which is why they wear red in the first place. But the steel sword in the hand of their leader certainly was; rivulets of Defur’s blood still dripped off the tip and into the gutter. “Keep to your own places, book rats,” he spat at me before turning back toward the tavern entrance.

“I will demand satisfaction!” I shouted after them. “What is your name?”

My threat just provoked a laugh. How could one from the Order of the *Pen* force a member of the *Swords* to apologize? None of my brothers would back me up; scribes were no fighters. So if I actually went through with the threat and showed up at their doorway with a challenge, it would be me versus their entire Order. No one could even remember that last time that someone from the Pens had even mounted a challenge. "Good luck with that,” the Sword leader said over his shoulder. “I’m Lefra. I look forward to the chance to kill you too.” Then he disappeared through the tavern doorway with his brothers. I was left alone in the street with Defur’s body.

------

One week from Defur’s death, I arrived at the Swords guild hall with my demand and nailed it to their front door, as is tradition. As a member of the Order of the Pen, I’d drafted such a demand many times for the other Orders. The Bows, the Spears, the Slings, the Axes… they all had the strength necessary to put forth such a challenge. Generally the Pens were just the ones putting ink to paper to formalize it.

Lefra emerged from the guild hall and tore my note off of the front door. He only glanced at it, not really knowing how to read anyway. But the Swords received more challenges than anyone else, so he knew exactly what it was. Then he looked out over the crowd that had gathered in the plaza. A demand for satisfaction usually draws a good amount of spectators from the other guilds, but this was an unusually large group. “Who issues this challenge?” he asked.

“The Order of the Pen!” I shouted back.

“No, the Order of the Spear!” shouted a man to my right. “You killed Defur, one of our brothers!”

“The Order of the *Bow* issues the challenge!” said another voice from the crowd. “Defur was one of *ours!*”

Voices from a dozen different guilds joined in on the challenge, each demanding satisfaction for the death of Defur. The only thing that they couldn’t quite agree on was which guild the victim had come from.

“He was from the Pens!” Lefra protested. 

“That’s not what the letter says,” the leader of the Spears shouted back. He held up a piece of parchment that fluttered in the breeze. Other guilds joined in, each holding up their onw letter with pretty much identical wording. Apparently *someone* had sent letters to all of the other guilds in neighboring towns, informing them that one of their members had been brutally murdered and their support was needed for a demand for satisfaction from the Swords. 

“He lied!” Lefra shouted back to them, thrusting an accusing finger directly at me. “He wasn’t from your Orders, he was a *Pen*, I tell you! Just a *reader!* This other one is making up lies!”

“Why don’t I go check the official records?” I suggested. “We Pens record which guild every child is sorted into…” And I’d carefully prepared a number of different logbooks that I could show, each one indicating that Defur had been chosen by the Bows, Spears, etc. Not that any of them could actually *read*, but a few would probably know enough to identify the symbols of their Order. 

“You *lying* little *worm*!” Lefra shouted. Without even formally accepting my demand for satisfaction, he whipped the sword out of his scabbard and charged down the steps at me. And before he even made it into the plaza, he was pierced by a dozen arrows, axes, knives, and spears that came flying out of the other Order groups. His charge became a stumbling topple, and he landed in front of me barely clinging to life. 

“Told you I’d demand satisfaction,” I whispered as he died.So happy to have so many people interested in my work. This is a huge milestone, and I think it will be really helpful in trying to get an agent for The Necromancer.

With a subscriber milestone like this, I often take suggestions from you all for some kind of special story I could write. In the past I've done a choose-your-own-adventure story, written a continuation of one of your prompts, done an AMA as characters from my previous stories, etc. Any ideas for this one?**[WP] You are a security guard working for a supervillain. One day, superheroes break in, and in the ensuing fight you get what should be a fatal wound. Hours later, you wake up...**

-----

The first thing that I saw when my eyes fluttered open was The Devastator standing right over me. I'd never seen him without his mask on before this, and only now realized that he had carrot-red hair, a smattering of freckles across his pale skin, and clear blue eyes. He looked so... *normal*. I'd expected him to have disfiguring scars, or some sort of horrific mutation, or something like that that would cause him to never take his mask off. But he was just like any other guy. Were it not for the yellow-and-scarlet suit of powered armor that he wore, I wouldn't have even known who it was.

I tried to sit up, and lightning jolted through every nerve in my entire body. "Relax," he said, easing me back onto the pillows. "Take it easy." Only then did I become aware of the steady beeping of a heart rate monitor in the background and the polished white tile of the walls. Looking around, I found that the entire room was filled with strange machinery and computers that I didn't recognize. I'd been in enough hospitals back when my dad was going through chemo and I'd *never* seen anything like this. The only thing that really felt in place was the reclining hospital bed under me and the IV drip going into my arm. 

"What happened?" I asked. 

Devastator had a slightly worried look, and he gingerly adjusted a bandage on my head. "You've sustained some serious head injuries," he said. "I was concerned that you might not remember. You were with me in the vault at Fort Knox, do you remember? When The Condor burst in?" He turned on the television in the corner and put on the surveillance footage, showing me being punched straight through a brick wall, causing that entire section of the complex to collapse on top of me. 

I did remember. At least, I thought I did. I remembered the fluorescent-lit cinderblock hallway leading further and further underground. I remembered our joyous celebration as Devastator unleashed his atomic beam weapon and melted straight through the vault's foot-thick steel door. I remembered coming into the vault and seeing a sheer wall of solid gold bricks, more than I'd ever even imagined would be in there. I remember loading up the cart with Craig and David, struggling to carry just one ingot while Devestator was lugging whole pallets of them all by himself. And then there was an explosion, and choking thick dust, and screeching alarms, and chaos, and then the Condor was standing right in front of me. He just grinned as he cocked his fist and.... well, the surveillance video filled in the rest for me. 

"Brian and Craig didn't make it. You were nearly dead too," Devastator answered. "And technically, for a few minutes, you were *actually* dead."

The surveillance video was still playing in the background. I watched Devastator fighting the Condor, superhuman strength versus the power of technology. They traded blows so powerful that any of them would have derailed a freight train. And then Devastator glanced toward the pile of broken concrete where my body had fallen after Condor's punch. He must have heard something, because he broke off the fight and began digging through the rubble. The Condor kept attacking, but Devastator used the rocks and slabs of concrete to keep him at bay. And then he reached into the hole, cradled me in his arms, and took off with his jet boots. The video cut to black after that.

"You saved me." He didn't really need to hear it, but saying it out loud helped *me* process it better. I tore the sheets off of myself, revealing that my left arm, most of my torso, and both of my legs were gone. They'd been replaced by gleaming steel and wires. Where my heart had once been, there was now a display panel showing technical readouts of my replacement body. 

"It's not done," he said. "I still need to get some components for your legs. But soon enough you'll be good as new. *Better* than new, actually. New and *improved*. A lot of the same parts that I used on myself." He gestured at his own body underneath the armor. I'd know that some of it was mechanical, but never exactly how much. Just as I'd never seen him without his mask on, I'd also never seen him not wearing his armor. 

I was still staring down at my new body, more in shock than anything else.

"I did try to save as much of you as possible," he continued, pointing to my right arm which seemed to still be all-natural. "But most of your body was crushed." He smacked his palms together for emphasis. *Like a pancake*, I filled in for him. I raised my new left arm and wiggled my 'fingers'. The motors inside whirred softly, but other than that it was just like my actual arm. Everything responded exactly as it should. 

"I don't know how I can repay you!" I finally responded. "You saved me! All of this technology..." I'd been part of planning the Fort Knox job; I'd seen how much his atomic ray gun had cost. We'd had to pull a dozen different jobs just to get all of the necessary parts for it. Rebuilding me would have cost the Devastator a *fortune*. "And you.... you left the gold there."

He sighed. "I couldn't carry you and the gold," he confirmed. "Too much for one man; even me!"

I sat up again, ignoring the shooting pains racing down my spine. Then I clapped a hand on his shoulder and used that to pull myself to my feet, standing on my own two wobbly legs. "Well next time, there will be two of us."**[WP] It's the morning after the purge and your neighbor had tried to kill you the night before...**

----

I swept up the broken glass that littered the walkway leading up to the house. The front door itself was untouched, but my attacker had smashed his way through the metal shutters over my bay window, shattering the window itself to pieces.  Of course he knew that that was the weak part of my house's defenses, because *I’d told him that it was.* 

*Stupid*, I chided myself as I swished the broom back and forth. The first rule of the purge is to never leave yourself vulnerable to *anyone*. Most murders and robberies on purge night weren’t strangers causing mayhem, but friends, neighbors, and family members trying to settle old scores. I should have known that, but I was stupid enough to tell Al that I was considering replacing those old shutters for a sturdier model. *I* thought that we were just shooting the shit about home repairs, but apparently he'd remembered. 

*There’s no way I’ll be able to get all of the glass out of the cracks between the concrete slabs,* I thought to myself as I swept. *Maybe I’ll ask Al if I can borrow his shop-vac.* Then reality came rushing back and I remembered that Al was the one who did this damage in the first place. I shouldn’t go ask him for his shop-vac, I should go over with my shotgun and plug him in the chest when he didn’t have a layer of Kevlar ready. My blood boiled at the very thought of him stepping through my window with that sickening grin and a gun pointed right at my wife. And all over a *fucking tree branch*.

Three months ago, a storm had knocked a branch loose from the big sycamore tree in my yard. And it fell right on Al’s car, scratching up the paint and leaving a pretty decent dent in the hood. He was polite enough when he asked for me to pay for the damage, but I’d declined. For one, it wasn’t my fault that a branch had fallen *during a storm*. And two, *he* was the dumbass for leaving his car in the driveway instead of parking it in the garage like any normal person. But eventually his insurance paid for it and I pretty much forgot the incident until he burst through the window raving about it. 

*Just forget,* I reminded myself. Just as there were ads leading up the Purge, reminding us of the date and encouraging us to do our duties and ‘settle’ disputes, there were now ads running constantly reminding us to let bygones be bygones. Al was just doing what he was supposed to be doing, and now that his pent-up frustration was gone, everything would be fine, right? Isn't that the whole point of the Purge?

I kept sweeping the glass. The shards sparkled in the morning sun. Around the neighborhood, a dozen other people were outside their own homes doing the same. Cleaning up broken windows and doors, covering up graffiti, putting out fires… the usual. The Robertsons house was unusually quiet, though, and I could see that their door was wide open. That was never a good sign on the morning after. *That could have been me*, I thought. The rage bubbled back up, and I realized that forgetting this just wasn’t going to happen. 

Al’s door opened. He came strolling down the walkway with a dopey grin on his face and a steaming travel mug of coffee in his hand. He glanced over to me, then realized what I was doing… and fucking *smirked* at me. “Morning, Lewis!” he called cheerfully, like this was any other morning. “How’s it going?”

If he’d been close enough, I would have lunged forward and strangled him, post-Purge rules be damned. This fucker thinks that I’m going to *forget* him threatening my wife? If he can hold a grudge for three months about a fucking branch dinging his car, then I can sure as hell hold onto this longer. “Morning!” I called cheerfully, waving the dustpan with my best fake smile. “Off to work early?” 

“Yeah, got a presentation,” he called as he climbed into his car. His smug mouth stretched open to yawn; tired from last night, no doubt. “Bad timing, but hey, what are you going to do?”

*I’ll show you what I’ll fucking do,* I seethed inwardly. “Yeah, I hear you. Well, good luck!”

The door closed, and the car turned on with a rumble. I went back to sweeping. *Only three hundred and sixty four days,* I told myself. Plenty of time to plan.**[WP] You've become an immortal being. Living throughout the ages you begin to notice that the souls of your companions or adversaries reincarnate and always seem to be drawn to you. After countless lifetimes, someone remembers.**

----

Our eyes locked across the crowded, smoke-filled room of the Kandahar tea house. He sat with a pack of his Bedouin brothers around a hearty meal, while I enjoyed my steaming beverage alone. I instantly recognized him despite his dark skin and smoky eyes; in his last incarnation, he'd been a blond Russian with eyes like the arctic ice. Though external appearances change, the soul peeking through is always a constant. It was the Traveler again. 

He bowed as he approached the table, and I gestured for him to sit. Neither of us spoke for a moment, but I could tell he was troubled. "Have our paths crossed before, friend?" he started. "I've met many in my journeys, and I never forget a face. And yours..." Words failed him, and he waved a hand like he could conjure the phrase he was looking for out of thin air. "Do we know each other?"

I sipped my tea. Aye, we'd met many times. I first knew him as Mandan of Thrace, and we served together in the army of Alexander the Great. Even then, his spirit refused to be chained to one place in the world, and so we traveled for many years together. We fought for countless kingdoms as soldiers for hire, never remaining for more than a season's campaigning. Eventually he met his end in a desolate clearing in the Himalayas, and I continued on. Since then, our kindred spirits had met a dozen times and traveled the world over. He had worn many names, so I simply referred to him as the Traveler.

"We may have," I answered. 

"This may sound absurd," he whispered with a glance around the room to make sure no one else was listening. "But its like I can see another life. I have distinct memory of you on a whaling ship, somewhere far, far north. Does that...."

His voice trailed off as he saw my astounded expression. *He remembered?* Our last travels together had been in Iceland, on a creaking old blubber hunter. "What else do you remember?" I finally managed to gasp.

We spoke until my tea was chilled and the fires in the hearths died down to embers. The tea room had nearly fallen silent; the few remaining occupants were mostly sleeping over cups of wine. And the Traveler's trading caravan companions had long returned to their camp. He gave me broken fragments of our times together, and I supplied the missing pieces until his mind was made whole again. 

We departed in the morning, together once again. I'd forgotten what it was like to be able to speak freely with another person. To tell them of my thousands of years of experiences. To reminisce about our lives together. For the first time in millenia, I was free. In Thrace, he remembered the warrior he had once been. In Constantinople, he knew his life as a wandering scholar and priest. In Volga, his life as a river trader. In Nanjing, as one of the Emperor's closest confidants. A worldwide tour of our past lives.

The Traveler grew old. In exploring the wild frontiers of the Americas, his old joints failed him and he was sent tumbling down a rocky slope. The sickening *crack* of his leg echoed through the canyon. I tried to nurse him back to health, but the gangrene spread after only a few days. I'd almost forgotten that despite the memories, he was still mortal. 

He struggled to raise his head to look me in the eyes. Sweat glistened off his skin, and fever clouded his gaze. "In the next life," he wheezed, "let's skip this part of the tour.See you again soon, my friend."

When his breathing stopped and his chest lay still, I closed his eyes for him. "Until next time."**[WP] Everytime you touch somebody you get a flash of your entire future with them.**

----

“Why the hell did I let you drag me here?” I shouted in Paul’s ear. I had to shout, because there were a million damn people packed into Times Square just to see the ball drop for New Year's Eve. And of course we’d gotten jammed into some little offshoot alley where we couldn’t see anything but were still pressed by people on all sides. I was just on the edge of the ‘current’ within the crowd, where a steady stream of onlookers were managing to press their way through to Times Square. And when they brushed past me, I got a little glimpse of when we might interact again. For most, there was nothing. New York is a big place. But every once and a while I did get a little flash of seeing them in a store somewhere, or other chance encounters. 

“Because you need to get out!” Paul answered. “You would have just stayed at home and watched a *re-run* of the ball drop on your TV and then fallen asleep at 10 PM.” He knew me so well. One of the benefits to my power is that I’m easily able to choose my friends; with just a handshake, I know our whole future together. Paul and I would lose touch about 15 years from  now, after he and his future wife move up to Connecticut and have a set of twins. But we’d still send each other Christmas cards and visit occasionally. He’d be very happy then. “You never go out any more,” he continued. “You need to put yourself out there and meet someone new!”

I knew exactly what he meant: I hadn’t been on an actual real date in a while. See, knowing when things will work out (like with Paul) was an upside, but with a very real downside: I know when things *won’t* work out. Every date that I go on, I know just how it will end. I know that he’ll stop calling me and move on to some other piece of ass if we sleep together. Or that we can have two relatively happy years together before he starts cheating with his coworker. The potential record so far was a grand five-year relationship that ended with a fight over how he would never make a real commitment. Quite underwhelming. So now, I don’t even bother dating with the guy unless I know in advance that it will be a fun little fling with no real strings attached. 

“I’m just not looking for someone,” I answered Paul. He didn’t exactly know about my abilities; I just told him that I’m good at reading people. 

“Exactly!” he said. “You’re *not* looking. You’re *hiding*. That’s why I brought you out.”

As I was preparing my retort, someone in the surging crowd brushed past me. A man, with soft brown eyes and a close-cropped beard. For our first date, he took me to learn trapeze swinging! For our fifth date, we went to the Statue of Liberty, which I’d never been to even after years of living in New York. For our one year anniversary, we rented a little house on the beach in Long Island. And when he proposed to me, he did it right here in Times Square; I acted so surprised for him. In the vision, I could see myself gleefully shouting *yes!* It went on like that through our lives: buying a home, raising our children, and retiring together. And the *flash* ended with him by my bedside in a hospital.

I don't know how long it lasted. But by the time I recovered from that intense journey through my future life… the crowd had moved on. I stood on my tiptoes and waded in headfirst, but there it was too dark, and the light kept changing. All I could see were winter hats and thick coats. *Damn, I hate being short!*

“Whoa!” Paul suddenly realized that I’d left and jumped in after me. “Where are you going?”

“There was a guy!” I told him, still scanning the crowd. I must have looked like a loon, hopping as high as I could to try to get a glimpse of him. “I saw a guy! I need to find him.”

Paul laughed. “Must have been one hell of a looker to set you off like this.”

“Help me find him!” The lights from all of the billboards and everything kept changing, making it hard to keep my eyes focused on anything. The whole place was a whirlwind of activity and sound. This was far worse than finding a needle in a haystack.

“All right, all right,” Paul said, putting a hand on my shoulder to calm me down. “What does he look like?”

“He’s…. he’s got brown hair… and…” It was all so clear in my mind, but that was because I could see him in the future. I had no idea what he was wearing tonight. And all of these stupid people in the crowd weren’t helping. “And brown eyes… medium height…”

“So he could be pretty much anyone,” Paul said. 

“I’ve got to find him!” I repeated.

“Do you know him or something?” Paul asked. “Why is this guy so special?”

I sighed. I couldn’t tell Paul about the life I’d seen. Not unless I wanted to be involuntarily committed, that is. “Never mind,” I whispered. Tears were welling up in my eyes as the realization began to set in. I stood on a fire hydrant and surveyed the crowd. Everyone looked the same in their winter clothes. With only about half an hour left until 12:00, it would take a miracle to find him. And I just wasn’t that lucky. *Goodbye, mystery soul mate,* I thought.

“Don’t worry about it,” Paul said, trying to cheer me up. “There’s plenty of other guys out here! We’ll find you a good one.”

“Yeah… sure,” I said, knowing that no other guy would do. I’d missed my chance.


-----------


The next few weeks were all a dreary blur. I’d found my one, and probably *only*, chance at true happiness… and I had let it slip away. And the worst part was the utter helplessness of knowing that there was absolutely no way to find him. I’d spent days searching through facebook photos of friends, New Years Eve parties… hell, I even hired a sketch artist! No luck though. By this point, I was just sleepwalking through life.

And then on my way down to work one morning, the elevator chimed at the fifth floor… and he walked in. Those same soft eyes, that beard… it was the man that I’d seen. My eyes must have gone wide, because he did a double-take and gave a confused grin.

“Do we… know each other?” He asked. I never heard voices in my visions, but it just seemed to fit him so well. He sounded exactly as I’d imagined him. 

I managed to compose myself and gave a weak laugh. “No, I don’t think we do.”

He continued to look at me, still a little confused. “Well, how about we get to know each other? Over coffee maybe?”

The elevator chimed again and we arrived at the lobby. “How about we go learn how to do trapeze swinging instead?” I asked.

"A little unusual for a first date..." he answered with a grin that assured me he was interested.

I shrugged, trying to look casual even as I was practically screaming with joy internally. *I'd found him!* Well, somehow he had found me, but I didn't really care about the distinction right now. "I guess I'm just a girl who knows what I want," I answered.**[WP] A disgruntled wasteland survivor complaining about all the weird shit people are turning into armor and weapons instead of simply using actual armor and weapons.**

---

“All right, kid.” The hinges on the locker groaned in protest as Bolt Eye wrenched the door open and retrieved a set of armor. “You’re new to this gang, so you’re gonna need some clothes to fit in.” He tossed everything into a heap in my lap and stood there, waiting for me to change.

I held up the first garment. It was some sort of… vest, I guess? Except there were only some thin leather straps (probably recycled belts) that went across my chest. The bulk of it was two large pads made from old tires that rested on my shoulders. And some genius had driven old nails through it, just in case I decided to lethally shoulder-butt someone.  “Do I get to… like… wear a shirt under it or anything?”

Bolt Eye scoffed and took a hit of Jet, tossing the old capsule over his shoulder. “A *shirt*!? How are you going to intimidate your enemies like that!” He thumped a fist on his own chest, covered by a baseball catcher's pads; probably stolen from Diamond City at some point. “No way! But we’ve got that metal bra there for you.” He pointed down to the pile of clothes where I could indeed see two gleaming cups made from old tin cans. 

I frowned. Digging through the rest of the pile, I found some rotted old boots with holes in the toes, a pair of pants that had been patched so many times that I couldn’t tell which fabric was the original, and a welding helmet to protect my face. That was at least made of metal, but the eye slit was so thin that I wouldn’t even be able to see where I was going. “Do I at least get a weapon?”

“I already gave you a pool cue!” He said.

“I mean, like… a gun? Something that I could actually use?”

After a moment of reflection, Bolt Eye went to a chest across the room and pulled something out. He beamed and handed me the parts to an old toilet that had been strapped together with duct tape. “She’s a real beaut!” Upon closer inspection, I discovered that there was a trigger, which led to the conclusion that this was supposed to be a gun.

“And… it works?” I asked, gingerly holding the ‘barrel’ of the weapon between my thumb and index finger.

Bolt Eye gave a casual wave of his hand. “I’ve been using guns like this for years with no issues!” I didn’t think this was a very good time to ask how he’d lost two of the fingers on his right hand. 

“Look, Bolt Eye… I know that I’m new to the whole raiding business… and I really appreciate you taking me in instead of murdering me like everyone else in my caravan… but don’t you think there’s a better way?”

“Ooooh, you’ve been a raider for all’o five minutes and now you think you can do things better than old Bolt Eye, eh?” He banged open the door of the shack and gestured toward the other raiders lounging around the fire. “Come get a load of this,” he shouted to them. “The new kid’s gonna teach us all how to raid!” With a few grumbles about having to get up mid-meal, they came into the shack and gathered around me. 

“Well, look…” I didn’t even feel like this needed explaining, yet here I was. “For one, why the hell are we using *pool cues* as weapons?” I picked up the one that Bolt Eye had given me and snapped it in half; the 200-year-old wood wasn’t particularly sturdy. “I mean, I could make a better melee weapon out of pretty much anything laying around out here. You know how many rusted cars are sitting out there right now just waiting to be stripped for sturdy steel?” Another raider, Rats Breath, looked at the old baseball bat in his hands as if he was suddenly realizing what it was and how much better a steel sword would be. 

“For another…” I held up Bolt Eye’s gun made from old pipe parts. “This thing is a fucking death trap. I’m more likely to kill *myself* than another person. I’d rather stick with the pool cue for Christ’s sake! For once, can we find a merchant caravan and *instead of trying to murder them*, trade for some decent guns or something?” I gestured around the hut, full of random knick-knacks and supplies that they’d managed to take from the caravans that didn’t bother hiring any half-decent mercenary guards. “I think if we did that *just once*, we’d be far more productive.”

“*Trade* with a caravan?” Spike Knee asked. He scratched at his bald head and screwed up his face in confusion. “Do they even *do* that?”

I didn’t have time to explain that that’s pretty much *all* that caravans ever do. “For another,” I continued in my rant, “This armor situation needs to be fixed.” I held up the shoulder pads made from old tires. “Who thought this would actually work? Who needs *shoulder* protection this much? Why don’t we get some *real* armor?”

“This is the best we got,” Bolt Eye protested. “You want some fancy power armor then you go steal it from the Brotherhood yourself!”

“We don’t even need power armor!” I gestured out the open door. “Look! There’s a military base *right across the damn street*! You don’t think we could find any real combat armor in there? Something that might actual cover some vital organs?” I tossed the welding helmet at Bolt Eye’s feet. “Something that we could also actually see out of?”

“Look. You and your fancy caravan may have had all the guns and armor you want, but this is just how raiders do things, OK?” Bolt Eye said, poking his grimy finger right in my face. “And we all worked hard on this armor and these guns, so if you’re gonna be part of my gang, then you’d better get used to it. It’s kept us alive for this long, and if you thin….”

He was cut off mid-sentence as I leveled the old pipe gun right at his chest and blasted a hole straight through the old catcher’s pads he was wearing as chest armor. “See?” I told the other raiders as Bolt Eye collapsed to the ground, clutching at what was left of his lungs. “Wouldn’t it be better if that had actually *stopped* a bullet?” 

The rest of the group watched with wide eyes as Bolt Eye bleed out on the floor. Finally his body stopped twitching with his face permanently frozen in gruesome pain. 

“Yeah, that would have been better,” Spike Knee finally admitted. The rest of the group quickly agreed. 

“Thank you!” *Finally* they were starting to get it. “If we’re gonna be raiders, we’re gonna do this *right*!”

----

If you enjoyed this story, check out**[WP] You are a bloodthirsty, battle-axe wielding barbarian. You work for a multinational corporation, in the accounting department.**

----

At 5 PM, Lothrak shut off his computer monitor and stood up, sending his braided beard tumbling down.  He nodded to Ted in the cubicle next to him. "Farewell, Ted of the Accounting Department!" he shouted, thumping his chest with a closed fist in what must have been some kind of Viking farewell tradition or something. Lothrak's ways had been both confusing and amusing when he first started as an accountant at Sullivan and Morrison, but that was more than two years ago. Now, Ted just waved goodbye without even looking up from his own spreadsheets. 

Lothrak made his way down to the lobby and greeted Linda of the Security Desk. They chatted a bit about the latest hockey game, which Lothrak had recently discovered and quickly grew to love. Then Linda gave Lothrak his battleax back; he wasn't allowed to bring it into the building, of course, so he had to leave it at security every morning. As always, Lothrak tenderly ran a finger over the delicate runes on the handle to make sure that it was undamaged. "A man is only as good as his ax," he'd always tell his coworkers (none of whom owned axes). They mostly ignored him, though secretly Dale from pricing had gone out and bought a hatchet to keep under his bed. 

Taxis honked and people chattered and the subway clacked under metal grates. It had taken Lothrak a very, very, very long time to get used to all of the hustle and bustle of New York City. Even now, years later, it was still *unfathomable* how large this city was. His own hamlet in Norway hadn't even had a population of one thousand back in 996 AD. And suddenly, here he was more than a thousand years later surrounded by *millions*! More than the stars in the sky. 

Strangers gave him weird looks and went out of their way to avoid him. Even in the city of New York, where there is no such thing as too unusual, Lothrak got a wide berth. Maybe it was the fact that he was 6 foot 4, with bulging muscles and a long, blond beard that swung near his belt buckle. Maybe it was the fact that he only had four teeth left. Maybe it was that he still wore a leather jerkin and carried his battleax with him at all times. Whatever it was, even the crowded sidewalks of New York parted like the Red Sea when Lothrak came walking. 

Lothrak raised one massive fist and thumped on the emergency door; it swung open a moment later. "Evenin', Lothrak!" The guards of the Museum of Natural History knew him well by now. At first, it had been as an attraction and medical marvel. Scientists had unfrozen Lothrak from the glacial crevice in Norway that he'd fallen into on a hunt, and had even been able to repair any tissue damage from the cold. He'd been put on display while the medical team studied him, and it was world news. People came from all over to see Lothrak, and his exhibit had to be carefully guarded, with one guard sitting in the exhibit with him at all times. So he'd gotten to know all the guards well during that time. That was also when he'd learned accounting. Some government agency had given a big grant to determine whether he was just as intelligent as a modern man, if given the right education. Turns out that he was!

But eventually the furor died down and the project ran out of funding. PETA's lawsuit against the Museum had successfully argued that keeping him as an exhibit was inhumane and cruel... so the Museum had been forced to kick him out of the only home he'd ever had in this city. With no credit history, social security number, or anything else like that, finding an apartment had been a hassle and he'd just been out on the streets. Instead the guards let him come by and visit and sleep in one of the back rooms. Derek, the head night watchman, would even sneak in some mead for Lothrak though there was no food or drink allowed. It was the least they could do for him.

Lothrak rested his ax against the wall of the longhouse in the 'Norse Village' exhibit. The whole thing had been designed based entirely on his memories, which were far more accurate than the relics that any archeological site could ever produce. Everything from the bearskin rugs to the stone hearth was just like home. And all around him was his family. Wax figures, of course, but sculpted to look like those that he remembered from the village. He had spent *hours* making sure that the artists got everything right. Every wrinkle on Gran's face. Every hair on his brother Madfen's beard. Every soft curve of his wife's face. And those clear blue eyes of his son, now more than a millennium dead. 

"Good news!" Lothrak announced, taking his seat at the table alongside his wife. "I was assigned to work on the financials for a 'hostile takeover' today!" He broke open the bottle of mead and poured it into his goblet, then continued telling his family about his day and how a hostile takeover was certainly not as exciting as it sounded, but was at least a change of pace for him.

"Poor guy," Derek whispered to himself as he made his rounds past the Norse exhibit and heard Lothrak talking to his 'family.'**[WP] You're an ancient Greek man coming home from 4 months of war to find your wife 3 months pregnant. Now you've embarked on a solemn quest: to punch Zeus in the face.**

----

"It was Zeus!" Melandria insisted, falling back onto the bed and gingerly holding her swollen belly. "I couldn't resist him! He came in the form of..." she looked around the bedroom wildly as I advanced closer, knife in hand. "In the form of an enormous wolf!" Surely it was coincidence that her eyes fell on the vase in the corner depicting a wolf. 

“A lie!” I called to her. “You’ve lain with another man!”

“No, never! It was Zeus!”

"It's true, my liege!" Euredipes, our loyal steward of five years agreed. He stood between us to prevent me from attacking my poor wife; always so willing to sacrifice himself for the safety of our family, and my wife in particular. If he hadn’t been here to comfort her in my absence, who *knows* what might have happened? "I witnessed the king of Olympus himself come and transform into a wolf and enter her bedroom! It's the *only* possible explanation!"

I glared at her, then at Euredipes, then back at her. The room was silent but for her quiet sobs.

“This is a blessing,” Euredipes continued. “Imagine: the great god Zeus chose *your* wife of all the women on this earth! What a testament to her great beauty!”

“Do you have any proof of this?” I asked them. I did know the stories of Zeus choosing mortal women as his mate, but *my own wife*? 

Euredipes and Melandria exchanged a look. “I… uh…” Euredipes stammered. “Of course I tried to fight the wolf, my lord! Thinking that it was a threat to our family, come to steal the lamb from our pens. But as soon as I brought my knife to bear against it, it just vanished in a puff of smoke! Only a God could disappear like that without leaving a trace of proof!”

“Then what are those scratches from?” I asked, thrusting my knife in the direction of Euredipes’s exposed shoulder. There were four scratches that trailed down toward his back, and what looked like it may have been a bruise on his neck. "If not a wolf?"

“Of course!” Melandria broke in, rising from the bed to stand with the steward. “Of course. See, the wolf *attacked* Euredipes before vanishing. Clearly Zeus did not want to be caught, knowing that we would pray to Hera with news of his infidelity. And in the fight, poor Euredipes was wounded.” She tenderly rubbed his shoulder, with each finger on top of one scratch. “He was just too modest to tell you what really happened, weren’t you, Euredipes?”

“Errr… yes. That’s… yes. I was attacked by the wolf,” the steward agreed. 

“I see.” That would indeed explain the cries of Melandria and the grunts of Euredipes that my other servants had reported to me upon my return. I sheathed my knife. “Very well, then. I have no choice but to avenge your honor, dear wife!” I turned and called down the hall to one of the servants. “Fetch me my spear and shield immediately!”

“What do you mean to do?” Melandria asked. Euredipes took a step away from me, and his eyes darted toward the door.

“I plan to climb to the top of Olympus and confront Zeus myself!” I told her. 

Euredipes let out a deep breath; his eyes were wide with shock. “And… uhhh… how long do you expect that to take?” he asked.

“It could be years,” I warned him with a grimace. There was no point in lying; finding the Gods would be a long and difficult road. “Many, many years. But I will never give up!" There was a brief lull while they processed that information. "Why do you ask?” 

He and Melandria exchanged a look, maybe even the hint of a smile. “No, nothing,” he answered. “No reason. Just... you know... Good luck!” 

-----

If you enjoy my writing, you should  orHello all,

Got a few messages asking why I havent been writing this week and whether everything is ok.

I am just fine. I am on a ski trip though and only have Internet access on my phone, and not much of an opportunity to write. I'll be back to my normal schedule on Monday with new stories for you all then.**[WP] As someone is time travelling and changing the past, you have to live in a constantly changing present.**

----

I eyed the piece of bacon on my plate suspiciously. It looked more like a bacon-shaped and bacon-scented dog treat than *actual* bacon. "Honey, what is this?"

She slid the eggs out of the frying pan onto my plate and made a regretful face. "I know, I'm sorry. It's some kind of soy bacon. Some environmental terrorists managed to get ahold of one of the time warp portals and went back to fiddle with the 1950s. Somehow they managed to convince the U.S. Government that meat products were related to communism or something. I didn't have time to read the report very closely. The point is that everything is vegetarian now. Even the eggs are..." She sneered at the pile of yellow on my plate, "well, I don't exactly know what they are. Should be fixed by lunch though."

I sighed and bit into the bacon. It had the texture of rubber, and the taste wasn't too far off either. Damn time meddlers. Every day some other crazy group decides to go back and change things, thinking that maybe no one in the present will notice. It seems like I constantly wake up in the Third Reich when some stupid college kid builds a closet time machine and goes back to make Hitler a martyr or something. I could deal with a little soy bacon if that was going to be the worst of today's time corrections. 

"What are you plans for today, honey?" I asked, biting into my toast. At least strawberry jam was the same. 

"Paul has that field trip today for science class," she said. "Cretaceous period." She nodded over to the plastic suits in the corner that would pretty much immobilize our son while he was back in time. Wouldn't want someone stepping on the wrong little mammal or something like that. "The school is requiring twice the normal number of parents after the American Revolution incident." I rolled my eyes. Some punk in our daughter's class had decided that the lamp from Old North Church would make for a nice souvenir and had accidentally prevented America from ever existing. Boy, the Time Rectification Division had *not* been happy about that and even threatened to cancel all time trips for every student in the district. Luckily the History department had enough clout with the administration to make sure that didn't happen.

I checked my watch. "Well, hon, as much as I loved eating my blobs of soy," I grinned as she scowled at me, "I must be off to work." I grabbed my keys, gave her a kiss, and headed towards the door. 

She waved the morning time rectification report at me. "Take the I-16 instead of your normal route. It looks like..." she studied the screen a bit closer, "Wow, that's a doozy. Someone apparently went back to pre-Columbian America and formed an empire for themselves. The Rectification Division is still getting rid of the monumental statues where the highway used to be." I rolled my eyes. More megalomaniacs going back and playing god with advanced technology. 

I headed out to my car. Just as I reached for the door handle, everything began to shimmer in a time slip. "Oh, come on!" I growled, checking my watch again. With the traffic diversion, I was *already* going to be late. 

When everything solidified again, my gleaming new car was gone, replaced by what looked like an old steam-powered Model-T. "Great," I grumbled, sliding into the seat and trying to work the bellows enough to get this pile of junk moving. Yet another day where someone decides to fix global warming by preventing humans from ever using fossil fuels. "Just fucking great."****

Submitted by /u/Syraphia

-----

“Daddy, how old is the wall?” I asked. The closer we got, the more details I was able to pick out. The vast majority of it was built from the same reddish stone that was all around the desert, but there were some gleaming metal parts as well. And there were grand balconies built into the side with wide, soaring arches, but I couldn’t see anyone inside the shadows. 

“I don’t know, honey,” he answered from below, leading the camel that I was riding on. “It’s been here for a long time. Since long before Grandad moved here. Probably hundreds of years.”

We kept plodding forward, closer and closer, but the wall remained the same size: enormous. “Why’d they build it, Daddy?”

The camel stopped moving for a moment, and he had to tug at the reins with muscles bulging to keep it going. “I don’t know that either,” he answered in between deep breaths. 

I craned my head back, trying to look at the very top of the wall. It had to be a thousand times taller than the big tree near home that I always climbed. It even seemed to be higher than the white-capped mountains that we could see off in the distance when the weather was clear. “Daddy? Do you think it snows on top of the wall?” 

The camel snorted and lurched forward. I was so distracted looking up at the wall that I didn’t even realize what was happening until I was halfway out of the saddle and falling toward the ground. Daddy, still holding the camel’s reins in one hand, deftly caught me with the other hand and pushed me back into my spot on the saddle. “Honey, I really need you to stay focused, OK? When I agreed to let you come, you promised that you wouldn’t get in the way or cause any trouble, remember?”

I nodded. Mother didn’t want to let me come on the trek, but I’d been insistent. But Daddy had managed to convince her (and the other members of the caravan) that I might be helpful, and that I’d stay out of the way. “Sorry, Daddy.” I looked away from the wall, out across the sun-baked desert with nothing but bare red rocks to see for miles around. I wasn’t going to turn around no matter how much I wanted to. 

“Once we get to the entrance and set up shop, you can go investigate to your heart’s content. But for now, just focus on staying in the saddle.” 

I rode in silence. But just because I wasn’t *looking* at the wall didn’t mean I wasn’t *listening*. We were close enough now that we could start to hear the sounds of the camp being set up around the gate. Ahead of us, a stream of other caravans were also arriving and beginning to set up shop. I could hear animals calling out: camels, chickens, sheep, and goats. And the laughter and shouting of other children as well. But soon enough there was a loud grinding noise that drowned out everything else. 

“Look!” Father put a hand on my leg and pointed toward the wall. “They’re opening the gates!” 

I’d told myself I wasn’t going to look anymore, but I couldn’t help it. I turned to see the massive metal doors swinging inward. The entrance was so tall that you could fit a whole tree through it. White banners were unfurled from the very top of the gate and fluttered lazily in the soft breeze. All around the frame of the gate, there was some kind of writing that I couldn’t read. From inside, a troop of guards came marching out in gleaming golden armor, carrying spears tipped with gold that shimmered in the bright sunlight. Each guard took up a spot around the perimeter of the gate and stood at attention.

We arrived at the edge of the road leading into the wall, and father and the other men of the caravan quickly went to work. Our tents were up in a matter of minutes, and samples of our cheeses and date wine were laid out on the tables. I did my best to help, but there wasn’t much that a kid my age could really do.

“Go on, then,” Daddy said, shooing me out of the tent. “Be back by sundown. Visitors going into the wall only have one day to arrive, so we’ll be all done by night time. But remember: do *NOT* go up the steps, do you hear me? The guards up there will kill you on sight without a valid invitation flag.”

I looked down the road toward the first guests arriving. They didn’t come with camels, but in enormous carts drawn by teams of oxen. Each group of them carried a red flag the size of our tent, and each one was marked with a series of gold lines and swirls. I wasn’t able to read what they said; I wasn’t even sure it was *writing*.

“Daddy?” I asked. “How do you get invited into the wall?”

He chuckled. “Honey, if I knew *that*, we’d be first in line. They say it’s paradise in there, with enough water to swim in and all the fruit you can eat.” The first caravan of invitees drew closer, and the merchants lining the road began to shout at them and thrust samples toward their carts in hopes of attracting their attention. “Go on now,” he said. “I’ll see you later tonight.”

As I left the tent, Daddy held up a cup of wine toward one of the invitees, a beautifully elegant woman in a shimmering silk dress the color of honey. “The sweetest date wine, only 10 coin a jug, madame!” She ignored him, and the caravan continued onward. 

I headed down the main road, following the invitee caravans from the sidelines. I studied them, trying to figure out who they were or where they’d come from. The few times that I was able to hear them speak, I didn’t understand the language. They all wore fine clothing in unfamiliar styles, and must have all been very wealthy. Unlike us.

Finally I reached the stairs leading up toward the gates. Far up the cliff, I could see the guard’s eyes watching me as I got closer and closer; it was like he was just *daring* me to come up. Instead, I went the other way and circled around the rock, back out into the sands of the desert. And after a half hour or so of walking, I reached the very base of the wall. I don’t really know what I’d expected to find there: it was just smooth red stone that seemed to rise out of the sand like it was a part of the desert and always had been. 

I touched my palm to the stone. Despite the sun, it felt cool. “One day,” I told the wall, “I’m going to get invited in.”**[WP] Every human is given their lifetime supply of "luck" to be used at their will. Some choose to expend it all at once on a massive success, and live the rest of their lives with no luck, some spread it out evenly and use luck on random small events.**

---

“Oooh!” Ruby shook the box that she’d gotten from Grandma, causing something inside to rattle slightly. “I hope it’s the Astronaut Barbie!” She shook it again, and the curly ribbons bounced around over the birthday-themed wrapping paper. “I really want that one! I’m going to use my luck!”

I took the present and added it to the pile on the table. “I don’t know if that’s a good idea, hon. Whatever it is, it’s already in the box and that won’t change. So that would just be a waste of your luck.” It can be hard for a kid to grasp, but Luck isn’t some all-powerful force. It can add a little weight to the dice of chance, but it isn’t a complete re-roll. 

“Oh. Right.” She was disappointed, more about the fact that she couldn’t magically change whatever it was into an Astronaut Barbie than the fact that she’d be wasting her luck. “Well, the next one, then!”

I crouched down to her level and put my hands on her shoulders. “Honey, I can’t tell you how to use your luck. You know that. But I can warn you that what seems like a big deal right now may not matter too much later in life. You’re going to miss your luck when you grow up and you want to get into a great college, or find a really good job like being an astronaut yourself!” *Hey, a father can dream, right?* “So until you’re older, I want you to really listen to Mommy and Daddy about the best way to use your luck, OK?”

Ruby just rolled her eyes; she’d gotten the same talk a dozen times before. “Ok, Daddy. I will.” She went back to digging through the pile of cards and presents that had arrived through the mail for her fifth birthday, and I went back to sorting through the bills and junk mail. “Daddy?” she asked after a long pause, “what did you use *your* luck on?” she asked. 

I laughed and picked her up. I’d been trying to savor the things that I could only do while she was still little, like throw her over my shoulder like a sack of potatoes. We spun around the room and she giggled wildly as her braids whipped at my shoulder. I’d only be able to do this for a few more years before my back gave out. “I was a smart kid and I saved up *all* of my luck. And then when Mommy was pregnant I used *all* of it to wish for the very best, smartest, silliest kid in the whole world!” 

“Really?” she asked, nearly out of breath from the laughing.

“Absolutely.” I set her on the ground again, where she promptly fell down from being so dizzy. “Now go wash your hands. Dinner is going to be ready soon!” She teetered off down the hall, still having difficulty walking straight. 

In the kitchen, my wife stood over a steaming pot with a smirk on her face. “What?” I asked.

“If I remember correctly,” she said, “You used the last of your luck when we were getting high in your dorm room, wishing that the pizza delivery man would give us an extra order of breadsticks for free.” 

“Well, yeah…” I muttered. “But I can’t tell *her* that!”

---**[WP]You die and find yourself in hell. You run into a family member that died before you but would have been the least expected to be there . . . they're running the place.**

------------

"Mom?!"

The entire line of condemned souls came to a halt behind me as I stopped and stared. Across a fiery chasm of craggy stone, my Mom sat atop Satan's own onyx throne surrounded by a crowd of imps. She looked exactly as I remember her, down to the short grey hair and a nice floral-patterned dress. She may have even gained some weight in the 14 years since she’d passed. That was in stark contrast to everyone else in Hell, all scarred and burned and gaunt. 

“Back in line!” one of the imps hissed at me, cracking its bull whip across my shoulders. “Do you really think that Her Unholiness herself would de…”

“Greggie?!” Her voice was just as soft and sweet as I remembered. “Oh, Greggie! It’s so good to see you!” She rose from the throne and walked to the edge of the chasm, then just kept going into mid air like Wile E. Coyote would. Except there was no subsequent plunge into the lava below; she stepped back onto my side of the ledge and wrapped me up in a big hug. The imps with the whips watched in awe, whispering to each other. “BACK!” she ordered them with an almost inhuman roar. They all hopped to so enthusiastically that one of them tumbled backwards into the fire pit and dissolved into cinders with one last squeal of pain.

“Mom… what…. Why you…” I couldn’t even form complete sentences anymore. I made all sorts of sputtering sounds before I managed to finally spit out my question: “How are you here?” She’d never done anything wrong in her life. Church every Sunday, staying at home and taking care of us kids with Dad at work… hell, she didn’t even drink!

She laughed. “Oh, it’s a long story, hun. You don’t want to hear about all that.” She gave me a squeeze that caused my joints to pop. “But what about you? How did my little angel end up in Hell?” She took a step back and placed both hands on my shoulders. “It was that girl Beth! I told you not to hang around with girls like her, Greggie. And look what happened!” 

I rolled my eyes. She was still carrying a grudge against my high school girlfriend almost 50 years later? “Mom, come on.” Was I really about to explain all the sinful things that I’d done in my life that earned me a spot down here? To my MOM?

She stood on her tip-toes and kissed me on the forehead. “Well, at least we’re together here now.”

“Mom, seriously. What is going on?” Never mind why she was in Hell…. How was she running the place? Why were the imps following her orders? "Are you in charge here?"

“Well, Honey, this place was just so disorganized when I first got here, and they nee…”

An imp came running up the path and tugged on the hem of her dress, interrupting the explanation. She whirled swiftly, causing the imp to jump back and seek cover behind some of the other tortured prisoners. “WHAT?!” she roared at it in a ferocious tone that I’d only heard the time she caught me smoking pot in my room.

“I’m sorry, Mistress!” The imp peeked out from behind the leg of a woman prisoner. “But it's… there are angels here demanding to speak with you!” 

Mom rolled her eyes then turned back to me. “I’m sorry, Greggie. I do need to handle this really quickly, and then we’ll catch up more, OK? How about I make Sloppy Joes for dinner tonight? I know they’re your favorite!”

All I could do was give a stunned nod. She beamed a smile and then gestured toward one of the imps nearby. “Georphat here will show you to my quarters.” Then the still-shaking Imp that had brought the message led her away back down the path.

Georphat didn’t say a word as he took me by the hand and led me away from the other prisoners. As we walked, he would occasionally glance backward, trying to study me without me noticing what he was doing. As soon as our eyes locked, he’d panic and run a bit forward. 

We soon arrived at a towering black castle on a large outcropping over a pool of lava. It looked every bit as demonic and evil as you’d expect the home of the ruler of Hell to be. “Here we are, Master Greggie,” the imp said.

"It's just Greg." Only Mom ever called me 'Greggie,' like I was a kindergartner or something. Georphat led me through doors large enough to swallow my whole house, then up a grand staircase (black stone, just like everything else), to a spare room. “You can wait here for Mistress to return.”

“Err, thanks, I guess.” There was a soft bed, and flowers in a vase on the nightstand. Much better than the cramped cell I’d been in since my arrival here.

Georphat turned back toward the door and began to close it. Hinges creaked like something from a bad horror movie. Just before it closed, he poked his leathery head back in. “Umm… Master Greggie? Is she… is the Mistress really your *mother*? She *raised* you?"

I nodded.

Georphat shook his head. “You poor bastard.” Then the door clicked closed.

-----

If you enjoy my stories, consider !**[WP] Write a high fantasy story (magic, dragons, etc) set in a trench warfare environment with modern weapons. Circa WWI**

---

Shells burst over no-man’s-land like flashes of lightning in a distant storm. My squad clustered in the bottom of the trench in a stinking, disgusting muddy puddle. More men had been killed by lung rot and dysentery from sitting in here all day long than by any German mortars or bullets. The mages hated being assigned to dry up and clean the trenches, and everyone here on the front knows that the mages get whatever they want. So it just never got done, and we grunts suffered the consequences.

“You all ready?” I asked during a lull in the shelling. Another bomb went off, and for just a second the flash of light lit up my squad’s faces. Enough for me to see the boiling anger and frustration at being sent on what was essentially a suicide run. I wasn’t too pleased about it either, but orders are orders. “Good,” I said, pretending that they had said yes to my question. “As soon as this barrage lifts, we scramble into no-man’s-land and take up positions in the craters. We don’t need to rush the trench, so *no unnecessary risks*, you got me?” They didn’t need to be told twice; that was the only welcome tidbit in otherwise horrible orders.

In the far back of the squad, the Druid hovered above the dirty water to avoid soaking his own feet. He wore grey and brown robes covered in dirt and leaves, though it looked deliberate. His hair and beard were wild and overgrown, in stark contrast to the men in my squad who took pride in being clean shaven. There wasn’t much we could control about our hygiene here on the front, but shaving with a bayonette was a skill we’d all quickly mastered. But the most unusual thing about the druid was the set of ten-pointed antlers that seemed to be sprouting out of the sides of his head. I’d heard that they weren’t actually *growing* from his head; they were just animal horns stuck there with magical means. But that didn’t make it any less unnerving. 

“Hey, Druid!” I called to him. He didn’t appear to be paying attention to the final mission briefing; his eyes were completely grey with no iris or pupil in sight, like his eyes were just thick balls of smoke. And he didn’t even flinch with each German shell, even the one that impacted only a couple dozen yards away. “Can someone shake him or something?”

None of my men even wanted to touch the Druid. As much as the grunts hated the mage battalions for getting better treatment, they were also *terrified* of what the mages could do. We’d seen them take down an entire wing of German Fokker triplanes by summoning a lightning storm. We’d seen them rain fire on the opposing trenches that burned for *days*. And we’d been on the receiving end, too: at the far end of no-man’s-land, we could still see the haunting silhouettes of some of my men who’d been turned into statues just as they reached the lip of the German trench. 

“Oh, for pete’s sake!” I cried, pushing my way through the squad stuffed in the narrow trench and making my way toward the Druid. “Hey, you!” I shook him hard by the shoulders. He blinked, and the fog vanished from his eyes, replaced by icy blue. “Wake up, pal. We’re almost ready to go.” 

The druid gazed around like he had forgotten where he was. I wish *I* had that luxury. “Yes,” he finally said in a raspy, near-whispering voice. “I am ready.” 

I turned back to my men. “All right, you know the drill. We just need to get him in range of the trees behind the German lines!”

The Druid nodded. I’d worked with all sorts of mages in the two years I’d been on the front, but never a Druid. They’re normally up in the healing centers, working their magic there. The ones sent to the front are usually battlemages. But this one was different. High command had decided that his affinity with nature would come in handy. In particular, his ability to commune with, communicate with, and *control* trees themselves. Firestorms had denuded most of the forests along the front, but this patch was still vibrant and green. If everything went according to plan, the forest itself would descend into the German trenches and clear them out for us with no loss of life. And as Command always says, it only takes one broken link to shatter the chain. This could be the beginning of the end of the war. 

The German guns fell silent, and everything was eerily still. We waited, making sure that this really was the end of the volley instead of just a pause to bait us into attacking. Silent minutes ticked by on my watch, barely visible with the moon obscured in a smoky haze. “THIS IS IT!” I yelled as loud as I dared, not wanting to give the Germans any advanced notice. “UP AND AT ‘EM!” Without waiting to make sure they were following me, I vaulted over the side of the trench and made a headlong dash forward. Footsteps pounding through the mud behind me was enough reassurance that the men *had* decided to come. I dove into a crater and checked behind me for the mage’s distinctive antlers; he was strolling along at the end of the group, and didn't seem to be in any particular hurry. "Dumb bastard is going to get us all killed," I growled to myself.

A hail of bullets came from the German trench, accompanied by the clacking cough of the machine gun. The Druid waved his hand, and a wave of mud lifted up from the ground, both giving us cover to advance further and absorbing the bullets. The wave continued to slide forward until it crashed on the German lines, covering them all in mud and jamming up the machine guns.

“This is close enough,” the Druid said. It was still barely a whisper, but somehow I could hear him perfectly clearly even over the racket of my men returning fire. The Druid lay down in the center of the crater.

“What a time for a nap,” one of my men joked. The Druid didn’t seem to hear. Its eyes had glazed over again, full of smoke. 

Something rumbled in the distance, and the Germans began to scream. Their guns picked up again, but I didn’t hear the tell-tale thuds as their bullets hit the crater wall. Instead, there was a distant groaning, and the far-off sounds of wood splintering. I dared peek over the crater for just a second to see leafy branches throwing German soldiers into the air. My men even stopped firing; we were too fascinated as the living forest began to clear the trench. 

And then the night sky was lit up by a blast of flame. A tree maybe three hundred yards away became a burning, brilliant torch. The Druid on the floor of the crater began to twitch and whine, like a sleeping dog having a nightmare. More and more trees began to burn, streaming down the trench.

“Firemage!” one of my men called. By the light of the burning trees, I could barely see the distinctive orange robes and the shimmering bubble that normally surrounds firemages. The rest of them reached for their guns and began firing; firemages are *incredibly* deadly, but have a limited range. The only way to beat them was to shoot ‘em dead before they can light you on fire. 

The druid continued to yelp and twitch as the fires quickly spread through the tree army. I couldn’t see a single one that *wasn’t* burning.

“Kill the fire mage,” I ordered my men. “I’m getting him back to the trench!”

They didn’t protest. They may complain about the mages while we have downtime in the trench, but they’re good men. They know what the mission means, and they know that mages are a valuable asset while they are replaceable. Not a single one hesitated, not even for a second.

I tried to awaken the Druid. It didn’t work. So instead I picked him up on my shoulders and began the treacherous crawl back across no-man’s-land. I’d done this a number of times with comrades on my back, but never an unconscious Druid. And the worst part was that his big antlers kept getting tangled on everything.

I heaved him over the side of the trench, and he splashed down into the mud puddle that we’d crawled out of only a few minutes ago. Or had it been hours? Time seems to lose all meaning sometimes.

The Druid looked up at me. The smoke was gone from its eyes, but there were tears streaming down his cheeks. “They’re all dead,” he told me. I wasn't sure if he was referring to my men, or his trees. It didn't matter; it applied to both.

I peeked back over the side. The German side was lit up bright as day with all the fires burning. The fire mage had incinerated the entire forest. “I know,” I told him, pulling him to his feet. “Welcome to the front.” I clapped him on the back and gave him a cigarette. “Don’t worry; it gets easier.” 

That was a lie.

----

Consider  if you enjoy my stories!**[WP] Today everyone woke up with price tags floating over their heads, indicating the value of their life. Your tag is $50Tn, the biggest by far, and you have no idea why.**

---

General Ward entered my cell. It's a pretty cozy room, but a prison nonetheless. "12.6 Million" floated over his head, lower than most other generals I'd seen, and not even *half* what Dr. Adams was worth. He knew that too, and took it *very* personally. By now I knew not to bring it up, but he'd given me quite the tongue-lashing when I was 9 and made fun of him for it.

"Today's lesson," he told me, holding up the external storage drive, "is going to be astrobiology, part seven." Every time there was some new discovery or theory in the field, I had to take an update course. Hopefully it was a short one.

I rolled my eyes. More of this? Were they really this desperate for something to teach me? Why were they wasting their (and my!) time on fields that were purely based on theory and had no real-world application?

I'd been coming to this room every day for the past three years, learning every skill and field on the planet through the military's top-secret Knowledge Transfer Unit. This experimental machine allowed them to take the concentrated expertise from the world's top minds and pump it all directly into my brain in a matter of days. I knew more about physics than Stephen Hawking. I could speak 41 languages fluently. I could outfly all of the Air Force's top ten pilots *together* in a simulated dog fight. And yet, they still hadn't found 'the Holy Grail.' Doctor Adams, my long-time caretaker, still held out hope that they would find the one field that I would completely revolutionize. The niche that justified my 50 trillion dollar price tag. They just told me to keep training; one day I would just know.

I am the most valuable person in the world, and no one yet understands why. For as long as I can remember, I've been a guinea pig for the military as they poked and prodded me in every possible way. I have no memories of my family, and I'm not allowed in public. Just the *sight* of my valuation would spark a media firestorm that the military does *not* want. I've met three presidents in my lifetime, each of whom treated me like a piece of hardware instead of a person. They couldn't care less about what I wanted to do; they just wanted to know how I could be *used*. Dr. Adam's personal theory was that I would be the one who could solve Faster-than-light travel. General Ward, on the other hand, seemed to believe that I would become some master politician or great statesman. They made sure that my lessons were sprinkled with a heavy emphasis on hard sciences and history, rhetoric, and social sciences.

General Ward walked to the machine and strapped me into the chair. I didn't try to fight it anymore. He plugged in the hard drive and dimmed the lights. "See you on Tuesday," he said with his normal gruff tone as he closed the door. 

----

I was halfway through the possibility for silicone-based life forms when the machine powered off suddenly and the lights flicked on. Adams and Ward burst through the door and practically ripped me from the chair.

"I hope you got most of that," Adams told me. "They're here, four years earlier than we expected."

"Who?" I asked, still dazed. The feeling in your gut after leaving the machine can only be described as a mixture of seasickness and severe constipation.

"The aliens," Ward answered. "The ones we've been training you to meet."

----

I stood by the President's side as their craft landed on the South Lawn. The military had given me a fancy new formal uniform to wear; it was starchy and uncomfortable. I doubt that the aliens would really care about our fashion sense anyway. But the President had insisted, once again not caring about what *I* wanted. 

The military could roughly translate their speech. Turns out that we'd been in touch with them for quite a while now, though interstellar communication is still slow and difficult. They had come to ask for an Ambassador for their planet. One human who could truly represent the human race. And that's when the President shoved me forward.

It shouldn't have come as a surprise, really. Ward's and Adams' lessons came rushing back. Studying famous statesmen and international meetings. Learning every detail of every war ever fought. And more importantly, how those wars could have been avoided. They knew this was my purpose. But why had they kept it from me? Why had they treated me the way they did?

I went with the beings into their ship. It sounds funny, but our ascent into orbit was really the first I'd ever seen of the world. I'd been sheltered for so long to hide my price tag that I'd never seen Earth's cities. I'd never visited the great natural monuments. My entire life had been pictures, just like these aliens. We were both strangers to this planet. 

I lived with them for three earth years, learning their ways and touring their planets and meeting their leaders. And I was summoned when the shooting started. They claimed, of course, that the humans had started it. There was video evidence: a brutal attack on one of their scientists on loan to NASA by a mob of (literally) torch-wielding civilians who thought the aliens were taking over. It was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back. Their genetically engineered virus was unstoppable and deadly, a horrific act of war that even humans would never have perpetrated. Well, probably. By the time I arrived home, everyone else was gone. 

The price tag finally made sense. I wasn't valuable because of my role as ambassador. It was because I was now one-of-a-kind.**[WP] You are one of the most feared people in organized crime. You get rid of problems for your employers by kindly and honestly convincing your targets to follow a different path in life.**

----

Mike splashed his way out of the pool and came forward with his arms spread like he was going to give me a hug. Even years after he'd graduated from a street thug, his body still rippled with muscles; Mike stayed in good shape. "Danny boy! It's been too long!" I took a step back; I didn't want pool water all over my suit. He got the message and went for his towel instead. "What can I do for you?"

I glanced around to see if there was anyone else within earshot. Mike had a nice house. A fresh green lawn, this big pool, and that gleaming sports car parked in the driveway out front. The life had certainly treated him well. "Mike, why don't we take a walk?"

His expression changed to confusion, then fear just as quickly. His eyes darted from me, to the gate behind me, and then to the house. He knew who I was; that I made people disappear when they needed to go. But he didn't quite yet know *how* I did my job. He'd learn soon enough. "No need to run. I'm not going to hurt you. Come on; the park is just around the corner." Of course he knew that; this was his house, after all. 

"So this is it, huh?" I could sense the seething rage behind the calm exterior. No one likes to be betrayed. But this is how things work. "This is how it ends?"

I nodded. This is how it ends. 

------

"The Don and I... we have an arrangement," I told Mike. We sat on a rickety bench near a fountain. I watched the streams of water flow, but Mike leaned back and stared at the clouds. "See, most enforcers are messy. Thugs who leave trails of blood and bodies that lead straight back to the boss. And none of us want that, do we?"

Mike stayed silent. He was resigned to his fate. And probably still expecting a bullet to the brain despite the fact that we were in public and in broad daylight. There was a playground 200 feet away, for Christ's sake. 

"So instead, he lets me clean up messes the easy way. You get to leave. Go wherever the hell you want. We'll sell off the house, the cars, all of it, and deposit it into your account. You earned it."

He sighed. "And what do I do then? Running drugs is all I know!"

I handed him an envelope. "Congratulations, Mikey. You just got into veterinary school!"

He unfolded the paper. He'd loved animals ever since he was a kid. It was the perfect fit. And not to mention that the school was in St. Kitts, a gorgeous Caribbean island. Couldn't get much better than that, eh?

"I didn't even finish *high school*," he whispered. 

I laughed. "Mikey, our forged passports and papers are good enough to get past the Coast Guard, Homeland Security, the FBI... you think I can't fake a college degree for you?"

The 'doom and gloom' expression was fading quickly as he realized what a great new life I was giving him. "This is just..." he read over the papers once again and shook his head. "I just don't believe it! Why now? Why?"

"It's not my place to say," I told him.

"But I've always been loyal!" He raised his voice just a little, then remembered that we were in public. "I've *always* been loyal," he hissed more softly. "Always. I'm probably the *only* one of the top lieutenants who'd do *anything* for the Don! The other guys... they..."

"I know, Mike. You're one of the good ones."

"It just doesn't make sense." He was reading the papers over once again, still in disbelief. 

I put a hand on his shoulder. "I know. But you don't need to worry about it anymore, Mikey." I presented him with a second envelope with the plane ticket for St. Kitts. One way. "Or should I say, *Dr.* Fodesca?"

He grinned. "Hey, I kinda like the sound of that."

------

I announced my presence in the Don's office with a slight cough. He looked up from the paperwork from one of our front organizations and waved me in. "Well, is it done?" 

I nodded. Instead of smiling, he grimaced and stood from the desk, pushing the plush leather chair back against the bookshelf behind him. He liked to decorate his office like he was some kind of lawyer; made him feel important. Not a single one of those leather-bound volumes had ever been touched. 

"I just don't know about this." He walked to the bar and poured himself a drink. "I mean, Salvatore and Dino were one thing, but Mikey too? He was one of the top sellers. And everything you said about the plan makes sense..." As he spoke, he paced over to the window overlooking the elaborate gardens behind the house. "I just... I don't know. None of them *seemed* like the type to go behind my back." He sighed and gulped down the rest of his booze. "What do you think, Danny?"

I knocked softly on the mahogany wood paneling. Four guys entered the room. Low-level muscle, each about as smart as a caveman but built like a semi-truck. They came and stood behind me with fearsome glowering expressions. 

"Don, why don't we take a walk?" I answered.**[WP] A group of people around the world get superpowers that contradict their personality**

-----

"I'm leaving, Owen."

Kate stood in the doorway holding all of her clothes in plastic shopping bags and big black garbage bags. She didn't own any luggage to pack them in. 

On the couch, Owen rolled his eyes. His dirty work boots rested comfortably on the rickety coffee table, and a perspiring beer can was making a wet ring where it rested on his belly. "Kate, how many times do we have to go through this?" He didn't even look away from the television to answer her. 

It was true. Kate had stood in this same spot a dozen times, telling Owen that this was the end of their relationship and that she was leaving. She’d even made it as far as the porch one time. But inevitably she stayed, for a variety of reasons. He’d convince her that he would change. That they were going to start over and it would be like they were newleyweds… if only she’d come back into the house. 

“Give me the keys, Owen.” They just had the one truck between them, and Owen always kept the keys in his pocket. Kate wasn’t even sure if she remembered how to drive anymore, but she’d cross that bridge later. 

Finally he stood from the couch. The laughtrack coming from the television broke the tense silence of the room. “Kate, you’re not leaving. And I’m really getting tired of having to constantly go through this. *You* need *me* far more than *I* need *you*. You don’t think I can find some other woman? They’re constantly throwing themselves at me!” 

“Give me the keys.” She didn’t want to get into an argument about how he’d been hitting on anything with tits at the local bars. The time for that argument had long since passed.

He took a step closer. “Go put your crap back in the bedroom right now, or so help me God…” His arm flexed and moved just slightly, and Kate took an involuntary step back. A yellowish bruise still covered most of her midsection from their last argument. 

But this time Kate stayed firm. “Or what, Owen?” Her tone was taunting. Deliberately provoking. Part of her *wanted* him to try it. The part that was sick of living in subjugation for the past seven years.

His arm lashed out like a viper. Normally he tried to avoid bruising her anywhere too visible, but that didn’t seem to be a concern anymore. His face, contorted with rage, was unlike anything she’d ever seen. As the hand came flying towards her cheek seemingly in slow motion, Kate realized that she always used to close her eyes for this part. She’d never truly recognized what a monster he really was. 

She caught him by the wrist. His hand froze in place, and Owen couldn’t seem to comprehend what was happening. His eyes darted wildly from his fist, to Kate’s fingers, then to Kate’s face. The idea that she was *fighting back* just made him even more furious. Then she snapped his arm with a satisfying *crack*. It hadn’t even taken any effort; it was as easy as snapping dried spaghetti. 

Kate had only intended to hurt him just enough to scare him, but this new strength was sometimes difficult to judge. White bone jutted out from his skin, and he stared dumbly at it for a moment. The alcohol dulled his senses, but only for so long: he unleashed a banshee howl and staggered back. *Oh well,* she thought. It was seven years of payback, all at once.

“I’m leaving, Owen,” she repeated. “Give me the keys.”

-----

If you enjoyed the story, you can**[WP] Trial-by-combat is an acceptable way of solving legal conflicts; You are the champion of a multi-billion dollar company**

I swaggered up the marble steps to a round of applause. A horde of fans and reporters were clustered near the entrance of the Supreme Court, all desperate for a moment of my time. Who am *I* to deny the people? As a representative of Apple, I wasn't just here to win legal battles: it was all part of Public Relations. So of course I had time to pose for pictures with some of my biggest fans. 

One boy, no older than 11, asked if he could hold Trollslayer. I chuckled, removed the sword from its scabbard on my back, and held it out toward him. The 4-foot steel blade probably weighed as much as *he* did; I was one of the few champions large and powerful enough to wield it. His little hands could barely make it around the thick hilt, but I held the blade with one hand while he pretended to carry it on his own. The expression on his face renewed my hope in life that dreams really *can* come true. 

"Tell us about your battle with Samsung!" another little boy shouted. He thrust a picture forward, showing me in the Tenth Circuit arena with the spine of my opponent held triumphantly aloft. Pretty gory image for a kid to have, but it was one of my most famous battles. And of course the whole thing had been broadcast on live TV. 

"It was certainly a nasty one," I told the kid. "As plaintiff, Samsung was able to choose the fighting style." The entire audience was paying rapt attention, though most of them probably knew the story already. They *certainly* knew the outcome. I was standing in front of them living and breathing, after all. "And of course Master Song was *the* premier champion of the Nitojutsu style of sword fighting, using two blades. So I was at a disadvantage to begin with; old Trollslayer would be no use to me." I'd first made my name litigating against patent trolls, and I kept my favorite weapon even after carving through most of Silicon Valley's finest. "Now, of course they didn't send Master Song for the Circuit Court decision. Instead, they..."

A feminine squeal interrupted my story. "He's here!" The cloud of admirers around me evaporated and went stampeding across the plaza toward a large black SUV; even that little kid who'd held Trollslayer only a few minutes ago. Flashbulbs clicked and the children all screamed for autographs, but not from me. 

A man emerged from the car. His eyes were black as coal, as was his buzz-cut hair and neatly trimmed beard. And the armor he wore seemed to absorb all light, darker than the darkest void. I could clearly see all of this even through the crowd, because he *towered* over them. The man was nearly *eight feet tall*, as muscular as a raging bull. 

He strode through the crowd, ignoring all of his fans. But that only seemed to make them want his attention more. They followed behind him like a gaggle of baby geese. 

"Ah!" His voice boomed through the square, bouncing off of the marble walls nearby. "You must be the new Champion of Apple!" From this distance, I could see countless scars all over his face. And the armor, though it had been repaired and buffed, had clearly seen a lot of action. "I'm the Solicitor General! Pleasure to meet you." He thrust out a hand, so large that it completely engulfed mine. I felt like a small child being introduced to my father's friends.

"I... uh..." The confidence seemed to have drained from my body, and it was taking all of my willpower to prevent my bladder from doing the same. "Where's your sword?" I finally asked. Drawing the gleaming Trollslayer from its scabbard seemed to renew me, and I was able to stand a bit straighter.

He gave a booming laugh. "Sword!" He pointed at mine, still laughing. "Good one!"

Only then did I notice his entourage, carrying a shotgun larger than the little boy who'd held my sword moments ago.

"There are no *guns* in the arena!" I shouted accusingly, waiting for someone in the crowd to back me up. That was the *first* rule of legal representation!

His laughter faltered. "You... you really are new here, aren't you? Didn't your company brief you on the Supreme Court bench rules?"

I blushed. There *was* a big packet of information from Apple's legal team, but... come on! I've never been much of a reader, and I had training to do!

He shook his head. "That explains the heavy armor, then. Best of luck!" He hefted the shotgun over his shoulder, giving me a clear look at the name inscribed on the barrel: **Sovereign Immunity**.**[WP] The secret identities of a hero and their arch nemesis are dating. Neither one realizes.**

----

"Where are we heading after dinner?" I ask before taking a sip of wine.

He smiles coyly over the remains of his T-bone. *God, what beautiful eyes,* I can't help but think. The perfect shade of steely blue. I could get lost in them forever. "It's a surprise," he answers. "But..." he gets a mischievous grin, "I can promise that it will be a very memorable evening!" He reaches around the candles on the table and softly takes my hand. "And I can't wait to see your reaction."

From within my purse, my communicator rings. I grind my teeth as he looks at me with a puzzled expression. 

"Sorry," I whisper, fumbling through the giant messy pile in my bag looking for the communicator. "Just my phone, sorry. I'll turn it off..." I finally wrap my fingers around the little round device and pretend to look at the caller ID of my 'phone.' 

"Oh, this is actually important," I tell him. "Please, give me a moment?" 

He nods, but I can still see the subtle glance at his watch as I scamper around the corner to the bathroom. It's the mayor, of course. Part of me hesitates: do I *really* want to answer this? I'm two glasses of wine in already, and it can't be *that* urgent if my super-hearing isn't picking up any sirens... And the date is going so well! As if on cue, the wail of police cruisers and firetrucks reaches me. *Damn, I jinxed myself*. I grumble and slip on my mask. 

"What is it, mayor?" I answer. I'm staring daggers at him through the video monitor, hoping that he realizes that I'm busy

"Oh, Ms. Magnificent!! So glad you're there! We need your help!"

I roll my eyes. *You wouldn't be calling me if you didn't need help. Get to the point!*

"It's Professor Carnage again!" The mayor shouts, practically in hysterics. "He's planted bombs in the city's electrical grid! They're set to go off in forty five minutes!! And there are too many for us to disarm at once! We need your help!"

"I..." my mind desperately searches for some other way around the problem. Part of me wants to just tell the mayor that electricity really isn't that important.

"Please, come as quickly as possible!!!" The poor man is almost crying now. 

"I'll be there as soon as I can," I tell him through clenched teeth. 

----

I return to table, where Isaac is waiting with a raised eyebrow.

"Manage to calm your other boyfriend?" he teases. His smile fades when he sees the expression on my face.

"I'm so so so sorry to have to do this," I tell him. "I really am. I just need to run out for like half an hour. I swear. Please, stay here. Please."

He looks at his watch again, not even trying to hide it this time. "Well, I..."

"Please," I cut him off. "It's an emergency at work. And I swear it will only take me a half hour. Maybe less!" *How hard could it be to get rid of a few bombs?* Before he can even answer, I signal to the waiter. "Get this man the best dessert you've got, and a glass of your finest scotch." 

Isaac finally smiles and relents. "I'm leaving in half an hour, though," he tells me. 

I lean down and kiss him deeply on the lips. "No, you'll wait," I tease him. "It'll be worth it."

His normally quick mind can't think of a response, and I hustle out the door before he distracts me again.

----

True to my word, I am back in half an hour. The mayor's men had already found most of the bombs, so it was simply a matter of collecting them all and carrying them out to sea where they can safely detonate. Disarming them would take too long anyway. Luckily I can fly pretty quickly.

"Well, well," he says with a haughty grin. "Looks who's back."

I give him another kiss and pull him from the chair. "Come on," I tell him. "I'm ready for the rest of the date!" 

He walks me out to the car, where the driver is waiting. Always the perfect gentleman, he holds the door for me and offers me a hand for balance. Good thing, too: I'm not really used to high heels. 

"One last thing," he tells me as the car accelerates down the street. "This last part is a bit of a surprise, so you're going to need to put this on over your eyes." He holds out a black scarf of some kind. I laugh, not sure if he's serious, but he is. He doesn't really know that I can see through it, or that my hearing is acute enough to use echolocation, but it's a very nice gesture nonetheless.

After a short ride, we arrive at our destination: The Mt. Portage Observatory tower. 

"Can I take off the blindfold yet?" I ask, playing my part perfectly.

He checks his watch again and frowns. "Um, not yet," he says. He removes his phone from his pocket and pecks at it furiously with his finger, brow furrowed in frustration. "Just another minute or so," he says. He pokes at it again and again, and nothing happens. 

"All right," he says, untying it for me. 

I gasp in 'surprise' at the beautiful view, but my smile is certainly genuine. 

"There's supposed to be a meteor shower," he says, gesturing at the picnic and chilled bottle of champagne that he has had laid out for us. "And I thought that we'd be able to see it well from up here." He tries to sound upbeat, but I can still hear the disappointment in his voice. "But... well, never mind."

----**[WP] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life, instead of bone or muscle, you see wires.**

-----

“MOM!” I burst through the door shouting, holding my arm. Blood dripped down the side of the cut, just like every other cut that I’ve ever gotten. But this one was deep, and my flesh split at least an inch open. Below the layer of skin was rubber that the blood seemed to just slide right off of. And underneath that, wires wrapped in green and purple, along with a mass of metal tubes and other shining parts. Some of them had been cut too, and every time I tried to move my pinky it would cause a shower of sparks to erupt from the severed end. “MOM!!!” I shouted again.

She came dashing out of the kitchen with a dishcloth in hand, which she dropped as soon as she saw the gash across my forearm. “Honey, what happened??” Her fingers prodded the skin, and she ushered me into the bathroom.

“I was biking, and I… there was a patch of gravel… and…” the words came out in between sobs. I couldn’t even finish explaining. “Mom, what *is this*? Why are there wires in my arm?”

“I don’t know, Honey.” She was mopping up the blood with toilet paper, leaving a red-stained pile of them on the counter. Every other time I’d gotten a cut, she’d put it under the sink to wash, but not this time. “Let’s just clean this up and get you to the doctor, OK?”

“Mom, why are there wires?” I continued to sob. “What am I?”

Mom bit her lip and finished bandaging up my arm. She didn’t answer the question. As soon as the bleeding was staunched, she brought me to the car. “Keep holding it there, OK?” she told me. The bandage was wrapped around the cut, but there was a faint burning smell coming from it. “I’m just going to call Dad on the way, all right?”

We pulled out into the driveway while Mom held the phone. I could faintly hear the ringing on the other end. “Tom, she cut her arm today riding her bike. *Deep*.”

“How deep?” Dad asked.

Mom glanced at me in the rearview mirror to make sure I was still holding the bandage in place. A wisp of smoke curled up from one corner of it. “Pretty deep,” she answered him in a quiet tone. 

“I’ll meet you at the doctor’s,” he said. 

-----

We squealed to a stop in front of a squat brick building on the outskirts of town. Dad’s car was already parked in front, and he came rushing out of the door as soon as he saw Mom pull up. 

“Is this the doctors?” I asked. The last time we went to the doctor it had been a nice little village-type office setting, with a lawn out front and lots of toys in the waiting room. “It doesn’t look like the last one.”

“This is a different doctors,” Mom said, unbuckling my seat belt for me. “It’s for big girls, OK? I need you to be brave.” I nodded, and Dad picked up out of the seat and carried me inside.

There were men waiting in the lobby. They didn’t have a white coat like the last doctor that I’d visited, and they didn’t have a stethoscope around their necks like the last one; he’d let me listen to my own heartbeat. 

They sat me down on a table. There were no animals painted on the walls, nor jars full of cotton swabs and tongue depressors. One of the men opened a big metal container and brought out a set of pliers and a flashlight. They took the bandage off of my arm, and as Mom carried it to the trash I saw black streaks across it, along with a few more spots of blood.

“Definitely severed a good deal of the haptic controls,” he muttered. I looked at Mom, then at Dad, for some hint of what that meant. They seemed worried.

“Can you fix it?” Mom asked, clutching at Dad’s arm.

“Yeah, of course,” the man grunted. Then he looked back at me. “You’re gonna have to go to sleep for a little bit, Kiddo. It’ll all be better when you wake up, OK? We just need to do some quick repairs.” Then he nodded to one of his companions. “Open the access hatch, Mike.”

The man he’d talked to pressed something on my neck, and my whole body went stiff. My neck felt… funny. Like something should be there, but it wasn’t. And everything tingled. "Mom's what's going on?" I tried to ask. My jaw opened and closed, but sound didn't come out. Mom made a pained grimace and had to bury her face in Dad's shoulder.

“Will she remember it?” Dad asked. 

“We’ll probably have to do a wipe,” the man answered. “When was your last backup?”

Mom and Dad looked at each other, puzzled. “Had to be at least a month ago,” Dad said. “I’ve been meaning to, I just kept forgetting.” 

Something whirred and clicked on my back as Mike continued to do something behind me. I couldn’t turn my head or see what was happening. “Shutting off sensory now," he said.

Everything went black. I tried to touch my eyes, but my arms weren’t working anymore. I heard Mom’s sad voice: “So she won’t even remember her last birthday?” Then the sound was gone too.


----

If you enjoyed the story,**[EU] We've seen Avatar Aang as a kid, and Avatar Korra as a teenager. Now tell the story if the new adult avatar in modern times.**

------

Odon sprayed a blast of fire into the air, so high that it charred the steel rafters of the enormous studio sound stage. “AVATAR AANG!” he shouted as loud as possible. A fan blasted ‘wind’ through his hair, and he tried to picture the rocky landscape of Wulong Forest instead of just seeing the lime-colored green screen to his side.

“Fire lord Ozai!” Dia said. “We meet at last.” With her hair under the bald cap and those blue arrows drawn on her skin with marker, she almost *did* look like the historical Avatar. Odon was glad that the director had decided not to hire a kid to play Aang; child actors are always so hard to work with.

Odon did his best menacing facial expression, doing his best to stay in character as the evil Ozai. “Are you prepa…” A door slammed somewhere in the studio, causing Odon to lose his focus. He shook his head and tried to get back into the scene, but it was too late. "Are you... ummm..." his mind was blanking on the rest of the line.

“CUT!” Director Zhao shouted, getting up from his chair and rubbing his temples. He was acting like this was take *50* instead of take *5*. But before he could start in on his rant, he was handed a white envelope by a messenger dressed head to toe in a Ba Sing Se Studios uniform. “Ok… ummm… that’s going to be a wrap for today. Everyone go on home.”

‘A *wrap*?” Odon said, getting down from the rock prop that he’d been standing on. “It’s *1* in the afternoon!”

Zhao waited until the rest of the crew had gone off, then showed Odon the letter. The studio had apparently decided that movies about the Hundred Year War were just no longer profitable anymore. Even Odon had to admit that the concept kind of *had* been done to death; they were currently working on a remake of a remake of a remake. 

“Well, what am I supposed to do?” Odon asked. “I *need* this job!” Unlike water, earth, and air benders, there was really not much market demand for people who could burn things to the ground. It had very few practical uses, and fire was not particularly difficult for non-benders to create and control. Not to mention all of the Department of Bending Safety restrictions on actually *using* fire bending that made it nearly impossible to find an employer willing to cut through all that red tape.

Zhao shrugged. “Learn some computer animation or something. Most of your kind just can’t get by on their bending alone anymore.” With that parting shot, he too exited the soundstage, leaving Odon alone.

------

“It’ll be OK,” Dia said, putting an arm on Odon’s shoulder. “You’ll find something else.” *Easy for her to say*, Odon thought to himself. Dia *Sato* would never have to worry about money in her life. Even though the Satomobile no longer monopolized the automobile market like it did 70 years ago, it was still the most recognized brand in the entire world. And had left a sizeable trust fund in Dia’s pocket that allowed her to pursue an acting career with no concern for whether or not she actually got paid. Odon was not so fortunate. 

“Yeah,” Odon said, taking another sullen sip of his beer. “What? What else is out there for a fire bender other than reliving our glorious villainous past for entertainment purposes?”

“Well… you could…” Odon could see the gears in Dia’s mind churning as she tried to think of an answer. “Oh, you could make glass!” she said with a cheerful smile, holding up the shot glass in her hand. “That needs fire, right?”

Odon just laughed. He got out his CabbagePhone and showed her a pic of his last attempt at glassmaking. She took one look at the distorted molten blob, and her smile faded. “Ok, so maybe you’re not a glass maker. But we’ll find you something!”

“I have another offer that might interest you,” a voice said from behind them. Odon and Dia turned to see a group of old men wearing red-and-orange robes. They looked incredibly out of place among the working-class atmosphere of the bar; everyone else was in blue jeans and rugged work shirts. “Perhaps we could discuss in private?”

“Yeah? And who are you?” Odon asked. 

The old man’s face fell into a frown. It seems he’d been hoping that Odon would recognize him. “We are the Fire Sages,” the man answered. “And we have something very important to tell you.”

-----


“The *Avatar*?” Odon repeated, head cocked to the side with skepticism. “Yeah. Sure.” 

“That can’t be,” Dia added. “My great-aunt Asami said that Avatar Korra could do earthbending, firebending, *and* water bending when she was only five. Odon is *just* a firebender.”

“And not a very good one,” Odon said into his glass of beer. He’d seen the work of some of the great masters at the Fire Festival when he was a kid, and knew he’d *never* get to that level. 

“That is only because you have not yet been trained,” the lead Fire Sage said. “It takes *years* of practice to truly master even *one* form of bending. Avatars like Aang who learned within a short amount of time were the exception, and even after his battle with Ozai, he continued to work with masters Toph, Katara, and Zuko for many years.”

Odon glanced at Dia. She gave a quick smile and a shrug that said ‘who knows?’ *She doesn’t actually believe these guys, does she?* Odon thought. He’d seen some pretty elaborate scams in his time in the seedier parts of Ba Sing Se, and wasn’t ready to fall for this one quite yet. He just needed to work out what the angle was. 

“I know this is hard to accept,” the Fire Sage continued. “Most Avatars learn of their destiny at age 16. We have been searching for you for nearly twenty five years, ever since the death of Avatar Hujin. We would have found you sooner, but we did not know your family had left the Fire Nation.”

“We’ve never had a foreign-born Fire Nation Avatar before,” another one added. He volunteered it like a bit of trivia, but Odon recognized the insulting undertone. Many Fire Nation purists looked down on those who had chosen to live abroad after the Hundred Year War. But that was nothing to the hatred, even decades later, from the Earth Republic and Water Tribe citizens who had been terrorized by the Fire Nation armies. Only the Air Nomads had really forgiven Odon’s people, despite the horrific genocide of their own civilization. 

Odon sat back and drained the rest of his beer. It was a lot to take in. “And let’s say I do believe you,” Odon said. “Then what? What do I have to do?”

“You would train with the masters of all four elements,” one of the sages answered. “Mastering all of the bending techniques to prepare you for the tasks ahead.”

“You are tasked with protecting the world from the greatest dangers! It is a most necessary role!”

“And you serve as a bridge between our world and the spirit world!” another sage added. 

“Uh huh.” Odon leaned forward. “And what does this job pay?” Saving the world sounded nice and all, but his previous acting jobs hadn’t exactly been enough to even make a dent in his student loans.

“Well…” The sages hadn’t really been expecting that question. “I mean… surely there will be opportunities for reward at some point…”

“So… nothing.” Odon signaled to the waitress to bring the check. Hopefully Dia would be willing to cover their drinks for the night; he was running a little low on funds. “Just as I thought. Thanks for the offer, guys. But I’m going to have to pass. I need a *real* job.”

-----**[WP]: Abusing a loophole in ancient law, a crafty young man becomes the next queen of England**

---

"I'm here to fight the Queen," Roger, nonchalantly resting the heavy claymore over his shoulder, told the man at the gate. 

The guards had shed their poofy hats, which made it look like a herd of black Pomeranians had been abandoned near the Buckingham Palace gate. Tourists were snapping pictures as quickly as they could of the guards leveling their rifles at the queen's challenger. Their hands wavered unsteadily as they waited for orders: they'd dealt with standard fence jumpers and the like but never... something like *this*. Roger maintained his calm, pleasant smile the entire time despite the searing heat inside the heavy suit of armor. His horse whinnied impatiently behind him, bored with the standoff.

"You can't just come in and try to kill the Queen!" one of them shouted, finally expressing what everyone else was thinking. This had to be some kind of prank.

"Kill her?" Roger repeated, looking genuinely shocked. "I'd never! I'm a loyal subject of her majesty."

This just confused the guards even more. There was an awkward silence. Roger could see reinforcements pouring out the doors of the palace and rushing toward the gate.

"Well... what do you want?" another guard finally piped up.

Roger sighed and hefted the broadsword from his shoulder. The guards all flinched and squeezed their rifles, ready to fire if he made a move. Instead, he just slid the sword back into its scabbard and pulled a scroll from his belt satchel. Yes, a literal *scroll*. 

"The proclamation of Bournemouth, 1604." Roger read from the top. "On the fourth day of the tournament, King James I declared that such a spectacle brought honor to the entire kingdom, and such a tradition should continue for the rest of time. He declared that should the Crown fail to host such a grand tournament within the span of twenty years, the reigning monarch may be challenged for the throne. A nobleman who can defeat the ruler of the realm in the traditional tournament games will be awarded the crown and title of the current ruler." He rolled the scroll up and handed it to the head guard. "Please, peruse at your leisure. I also have my certificate of nobility here, which I recently purchased online. I'm sure you'll find that everything is in order."

The head guard read over it. The arriving reinforcements were apprised of the situation, and demanded to read the scroll for themselves. Officials higher and higher up the ranks were informed until even the Defense Minister himself was brought in via helicopter, landing on the Buckingham Palace lawn. Roger waited with his horse, eating a picnic and even sharing a bit of it with the hungry and confused guards. 

The Chief Historian of the British Museum approached Roger: "Where did you find this scroll, young man?" 

"The library," Roger answered, biting into an apple with a satisfying crunch. "At Oxford. I was doing some research for my masters and happened to stumble across it in a neglected back corner."

The Chief Historian stared back at it dumbfounded. "Well, we're going to need to check the authenticity of it..." he stammered.

Roger produced a folio of documents. "A dozen contemporary historical accounts of the proclamation," he said, pressing it into the Chief Historian's hands. 

He leafed through the pages quickly, surprise growing with every sentence he read. "Oh my," the Chief Historian finally uttered. "The Queen isn't going to like this..."

The crowd fell silent, and the group of guards parted. From within the Buckingham Palace garage, a horse trotted out. It wore armor adorned with the colors of House Windsor, and was ridden by a small, armored figure with curly grey hair. The Queen carried a massive lance in one hand and a steel helmet in the other. She bowed to Roger, then hoisted the lance in an attack position.

"You know," Roger said as he mounted his own horse and prepared to charge, "I get the distinct impression that she *will* like this."**[WP] You have a sentient voice inside your head which knows the answer to every question you have but refuses to tell the future. Suddenly you hear "Pack your laptop, Swiss army knife and leave in 5 minutes, else you'll regret it."**

-----

It was about as average of a Thursday as you could have. Stumbling through my morning routine till the coffee was ready; a snail-paced crawl through morning traffic to my office; spending the first hour of work just staring at an excel file on my screen as my brain fought a desperate struggle to wake up; an early lunch at the foodtrucks outside... nothing special.

"We need to go," the voice in my head said. Normally a low whisper, it was practically a *scream*. I'd never heard that unmistakable pang of urgency before. 

"Why?" I thought back. I'd *just* gotten around to finally being productive today and now it wanted to interrupt me? 

"I can't tell you now," it said. I rolled my eyes. You might think that having an all-knowing overseer in my mind was great. When I was a kid, I thought he was my guardian angel. He'd help me avoid bullies, find cool things in the woods when we went out for hikes, recommend books for me... all sorts of cool stuff that just made my life a little better. He’s even the one that got me interested in photography. As I got older, it became more practical, like dating advice or how to live like an actual adult in my own apartment. But I always knew that he wasn't at my beck and call; he *never* helped me with tests or homework when I was a kid even though I *knew* that he had all the answers I needed. He let me make my own career choices, though some of those hadn't worked out so well. It made sense; it wanted me to be independent and live my own life, even if that meant making mistakes. But it was still annoying sometimes.

“You know that I’m behind on this project,” I told it. “I’m not leaving without a good reason.”

“NO!” it roared back, so loud that I physically winced and dropped my pen. “You need to leave *immediately*. Grab your laptop and your swiss army knife and *get the hell out of your office*.”

“All right! Jeez…” It must be something important for him to act like this. “But you better give me a reason soon.” I packed up my bag with the two things it had specified; that was really all the stuff from my cubicle anyway. I didn’t have any pictures or other personal items there.

The security guard at the door glared at me as I exited, perhaps wondering why I was leaving at one in the afternoon with a backpack. “Keep going,” the voice in my head warned me. “Just get to your car.” I waved goodbye, and the guard gave a ‘hmph’ and went back to reading a magazine. Across the baking hot parking lot, my car gave a cheerful beep as it unlocked, and I walked as quickly as I could without seeming suspicious. 

“Are we in danger?” I asked the voice. “What’s happening.” 

“In a way, yes.” The voice seemed to love being cryptic at times. Lording its omnipotence over me. “Just get on the interstate going west. Don’t stop till I tell you.”

The entire drive, I was checking for helicopters overhead or the flash of red and blue lights in my rearview mirror. Nothing. My phone hadn’t even rung. If someone was looking for me, they were doing a piss-poor job of it. When I got too tired to keep driving, we pulled into a hotel for the night. 

---

“Can we stop yet?” I asked the voice. Tennessee was just a distant memory now; I’d driven all the way to Idaho in the space of three days. Pine-covered mountains seemed to stretch as far as the eye could see, interrupted only by crystal-clear lakes. I’d never made it out to the Pacific Northwest before, but now I was wishing that I’d made the trip sooner. It was the most beautiful place I’d ever been.

“Yeah,” the voice answered. “We can lay low here for a while.”

I frowned. I’d tracked the news obsessively, waiting for anything even remotely related to me. There was nothing about me, or my job, or my town, or an Interpol alert for my arrest, or *anything* in the news. I’d missed one call from my boss, who was probably wondering why I hadn’t come in on Friday. But otherwise…. Nothing. It didn't seem like anyone had even noticed or cared that I was gone.

“Now what?” I asked. 

“Time to find a job,” the voice said. “Start our new lives!”

-----


“I guess I can finally tell you,” the voice said in my mind.

“*Now*?” We stood on a rocky ledge overlooking the lush Caribou-Targhee National Forest. Since we landed here in Idaho, I’d managed to find a job as a park ranger. The pay wasn’t great, but I would have done this for *free*. It was autumn now, and the leaves spread across the valley like a painting of rich yellows, oranges, and red. It was perfect… which is why I was up here with my girlfriend Amanda. We’d met after only a few weeks in Idaho, but things had progressed rapidly. We'd moved in together after only 3 months of dating, and now... “It’s really not a good time,” I told the voice. It should know that. It knew that my clammy fingers were wrapped around the velvety box in my pocket, and I was trying to work up the courage to get down on one knee in front of her. 

“Now is the *best* time,” it countered. “Because you won’t be mad at me.”

“MAD?” It felt so weird to be conversing with him while another person was around. Normally he stayed pretty quiet when I was with other people so that I wouldn’t accidentally say something out loud (which happened sometimes). 

“You … uh…” I’d never heard it stammer before. “You were never really in any danger back in Tennessee.”

“WHAT?” I tried to control my facial expressions so that Amanda wouldn’t think I’d suddenly become furious for no reason. “What the hell was this all about then?”

"This," the voice answered as we looked out over the autumn landscape. "Your job out here in the park. Your new place here in Idaho." It paused, and we looked at Amanda. "*Her*," it added. She picked the perfect time to turn around and smile, and my heart melted all over again. “If it weren’t for me, you’d still be back at that cubicle. Alone.”

I went through a rainbow of emotions. Rage that he’d uprooted my entire life and made me panic for weeks for no good reason. Bewilderment that he hadn’t just said something, but understanding that I’m pretty risk averse and would have just said no to moving to Idaho on a whim. But most of all… joy. “So I’m making the right decision?” I finally asked it. We hadn’t discussed my relationship too much with Amanda. The voice was usually careful not to control my life and let me make my own decisions.

“We wouldn’t have stopped here otherwise,” it answered.

I grabbed Amanda's hand and withdrew the little black box from my pocket. She gasped and covered her mouth with her hands as I fell to one knee and opened it for her.

---**[WP] "Please remember, TSA rules prohibit bottles of liquid over three ounces, knife blades over two inches, and the use of spells, curses, scrolls or other magic beyond the security checkpoint."**

----

Gregoth the Mighty tapped his massive armored foot against the white linoleum and looked at all of the TSA information placards for the fifth time. He'd been sitting in this damned line for over an hour, and it had barely moved the entire time. "Come on!" At eight feet tall, Gregoth could easily see over the heads of the other puny passengers, and made eye contact with the TSA agent who was checking IDs. "Did someone cast a time warp spell? Or are you just really damned slow?!" The agent, a surly troll with skin the color of old gravy, only looked up long enough to roll her eyes at Gregoth, then went back to scrutinizing every inch of some elf's identification card (which was really just a leaf with some runes on it). 

Finally all of the gnomes and witches and whatnot in line ahead of him made it into security, and Gregoth was next. He presented his scroll of identification to the agent, and checked his pocket hourglass: the sand was nearly all the way to the bottom. If he missed this flight, there wouldn't be another airship going out to Avalon until tomorrow. 

"Mmmmm," the TSA agent growled, looking up at him for the first time. "Gregor the Mighty, eh?"

"Grego*th*," he corrected her.

"Says here that you're a *battlemage*?" she asked, ignoring her own error and pointing to the card. He gestured at his magnificent golden armor, as if it should have been obvious. "Uh huh." She turned with glacial speed to another agent behind her, a rosy-cheeked dwarf with a braided beard tucked into his belt. The dwarf stepped forward, and the troll turned back to Gregoth. "Sir, you've been randomly selected for some additional security screening."

"*Randomly selected*?" Gregoth shouted at her. "There's nothing *random* about this. It's *profiling*; that's what it is!" He stomped a foot so hard that it left a slight crater in the floor, and the dwarf's hands itched toward the spray bottle of paralysis potion strapped to his hip. "You can't discriminate based on what school of magic I subscribe to! You'd never do this to some pansy *cleric*, would you?"

"Please remain calm, sir," the troll chided him. 

For just a split second, Gregoth considered lighting her on fire. He could already feel the magical energy pulsing through his fingertips, just *itching* to be unleashed. Even with his weapons in his checked luggage, he was still a force to be reckoned with. But that would cause far more problems than he wanted to deal with, and he'd certainly miss his flight. "Fine," he growled, following the dwarf into the back room. "This is *bullshit*, though." At this point, he was really just talking to himself.

The dwarf pulled out a metal wand and waved it over Gregoth's legs; that was as high as he could reach. "Sir, I'm detecting quite a good amount of magical energy here."

"The armor is enchanted," Gregoth explained. "But it's just passive elemental resistance. That's allowed."

The dwarf just stared for a moment. Surely, of all people, a *dwarf* would understand how enchanting worked? "Sir, I'm going to need to verify that you're not carrying any other magical objects underneath your armor. Could you please go ahead and remove it?"

"Seriously?" Gregoth thumped the thick chestplate for emphasis. "This takes, like, three hours to put back on! And I'd need my squire..." The dwarf's hand drifted back toward the paralysis potion and he gave a menacing look. Gregoth also considered lighting this one on fire. "All right, all right, fine..." Gregoth reached up to undo the first strap.

------

Forty minutes later, Gregoth stood in just his undergarments next to a small mountain of steel plates while a team of sniffer pixies combed through looking for any contraband. Next to the dwarf, four more TSA agents had gathered to hassle Gregoth, including one female elf who was having a hard time controlling her laughter.

"According to this, you've also visited the Underworld within the past six months?" Not satisfied with the troll's review, the Dwarf had decided to go through his identification scroll again while his armor was checked. "Can you account for that visit? Do you have an affiliation with the Undead, sir?"

Gregoth gritted his teeth. "I told you, I was *there on a quest*. I *slayed* thousands of the undead!"

"Last call for passengers on flight 418 to Avalon," a cheery mermaid announced over the intercom system. "I repeat, last call for passengers on flight 418 to Avalon."

"Great," Gregoth grumbled. Just then, one the pixies found the little bottle of holy water (*over* three ounces) hidden in his boot and brought it to the dwarf with an excited squeal. "Just fucking great."This one has been up on Patreon for a little while, but I'm making it public now. Here are the previous parts of the Sarah and Satan stories:


Prequel, Part 1: .

Prequel, Part 2: 

 (the original post)

Sequel, Part 1: 

Sequel, Part 2: 

Sequel, Part 3: 

----

Satan’s head swiveled and looked at me as soon as I walked through the door. I’d tried to close the door softly in case he was asleep, but apparently that wasn’t the case. He was sitting on the couch eating cereal with Beelz on his lap, watching The Office on Netflix for the hundredth time. He paused the show and checked his watch. “Date must have gone pretty well!”

I blushed. “You didn’t have to wait up for me, Satan.”

“Nonsense!” He gently placed Beelz on a nearby cushion and vaulted over the back of the couch. “So! Tell me everything. How did it go?”

“It was fine…” I avoided his gaze by going into the kitchen for a glass of water.

“That’s it? That’s all I get? *Fine*? Where did you *go*? What did you *do*?”

Ice clinked in the glass, and I reached for the Brita filter in the fridge. “Well…” A smile was beginning to spread across my face, despite my best efforts. “Aaron took me out to dinner at Café Fiorenza…”

“Ooooh,” Satan interrupted with eyebrows raised. “Fancy!”

“And after that, we went to a jazz concert in the park and took a walk.”

“Sounds like a nice date,” Satan told me. Beelz purred in agreement from the couch.

“Yeah, it was.” I rested my purse on the back of one of the dining room chairs, where I normally put it. Some of Satan’s work stuff was spread across the table. Black candles, spellbooks, that sort of thing. I was about to turn away, when I noticed that one of the black folders was labeled… with Aaron’s name.

“Satan…” I picked up the file; it was full of papers, at least an inch thick. I flipped open the cover and found a large picture of the man that I’d just gone on a date with. I turned back toward him and held it up. “What is this?”

Satan smirked. “It’s a little surprise for you. I had my boys in the research department pull up everything we had on Aaron. Likes…. Dislikes… fears… secrets…”

“I…” I closed the cover of the folder. “I can’t look at this! That defeats the whole purpose of actually going on dates and getting to know him!”

Satan returned to the couch, put his feet up on the ottoman, and picked up his cereal bowl. “Well didn’t you google the guy? Check out his facebook before going out tonight?”

I wanted to put the folder back down on the table… but I didn’t. “That’s different, though!”

Satan laughed into his Lucky Charms. “How? How is that different?”

“Well, that’s… Google and stuff is all public. And he is the one that friended *me* on Facebook. Everything on there is stuff that he wanted me to see.”

“Exactly,” Satan answered. “Stuff that he wants you to see. It’s easy to put on a nice face, isn’t it? Tom seemed nice at first too, didn’t he?” I opened my mouth to respond to that, but the words just didn’t come out. “Wouldn’t you have wanted to see this kind of file on Tom before you wasted years of your life on that guy? Wouldn’t you have wanted to know what a psychopath he was?”

*That was a pretty good point*, I admitted to myself. A little scrap of paper was hanging out of the file, and I could just barely see the beginning of the some text written on it. God *damn* did I want to read it!

“No!” I tossed it down onto the table with a loud ‘*thwack*’ sound. “I’m not going to do it. I’m going to get to know him the normal way. And eventually I’ll find out the bad stuff too, as I get to know him. Any guy would probably look terrible if I just read a list of all the bad stuff he ever did all at once.”

Satan shrugged and lifted the spoon back into his mouth. “Your choice. But it’s here if you want it.”

My eyes darted back down to the folder on the table. I could still pick it up. Maybe just a little peek?

Summoning all my willpower, I managed to step away from the folder and headed toward the stairs up to my room. Satan unpaused The Office, and Michael Scott’s voice filled the living room again.

“Just one last thing,” I said, already halfway up the stairs. Satan paused the show again and looked back at me. “Is he… I mean, overall, is he an OK guy? He’s not another Tom?”

There was a long, pregnant pause. “Yeah,” Satan answered with a soft smile. “He’s cool. I probably would’ve gotten rid of him already if he wasn’t.”

I nodded, unable to hold back my smile. I was happy to hear that, because I really did have a good time on the date. “Thanks.” I headed back up the stairs, and Satan unpaused his show once again.

“The tentacle porn thing is pretty weird, though,” he called after me.

----

Finally, there's .

Also, on an unrelated note, .

Enjoy!**[WP] You're a down on your luck necromancer operating a small cleaning service with a few low level skeletons. You have dreams of something greater however; a grand dungeon of your own with treasure, monsters and traps aplenty.**

---

"I passed by Sir Athaelwas in the street today," I told Lirk as I sipped at my relaxation potion, perched on my throne of bleached white bones. The chair was a gift from my father from when I graduated the Academy. Back when we still spoke and back when he still thought I was capable of doing something with my life. "He had on a brand-new full suit of gleaming armor with that kind of odd pearlescent shine that only enchanted steel gives off, and he carried the greatsword Mintras, rumored to cause his foes to burst into flame on contact. Women in the markets were swooning at him as he confidently strode through the streets on patrol for any danger. I saw him from far off, and I was in my very best villainous robes. You know, the ones with the big black hood and the blue cuffs of the Necromancer's Guild?" Lirk nodded obediently even as he continued to dig. He was the only one of my underlings that had managed to hold onto any semblance of intelligence after being brought back. "Well anyway. He was approaching me, and looked straight at me. His eyes narrowed, and his hand strayed toward the jeweled pommel of his weapon... and then nothing. He just looked away and kept on going like he didn't even recognize me."

Lirk placed a bony white hand on my shoulder, doing his best to comfort me. "I'm sorry, Master." 

I shrugged him off, and he went back to digging. "I mean, what do I need to do to earn a little respect around here? Ok, so maybe I'm not like Grand Master Amcerlizar with his massive army and undead ogres and his fancy lich dragon mount." I sneered at the thought of that smug bastard. We'd been in the same year at the Academy and he was always a brown-nosing little snot, sucking up to the Elders. I mean, sure, he was talented, but he certainly didn't deserve to be named heir to the Undead Throne. "I'm a reputable Necromancer too! I have minions!"

"Of course, Master," Lirk confirmed. 

"Maybe I don't have the materials to be *constantly* preparing conjuration rituals, but I think once a day is still pretty good, right? I mean, at least I'm not like poor Lamneras." One of my best friends from the Academy had been forced into serving as a potions master for Lord Berman and had to completely hide his background in Necromancy. He claimed he'd been apprenticed to an *Alchemist*, for god's sake!

"Yes, Master," Lirk answered.

"Oh, of course you'd say that," I snapped at the skeleton. "Because you wouldn't *be* here if I didn't resummon you every day." I'd been saving up for a more permanent spell where my underlings could last for up to a month, but until I collected enough Lacewing and Gerthis moss, I'd have to keep doing the temporary spells. 

"We are grateful, Master," the skeletons all said even as they continued shoveling. 

"I had dreams, you know?" I drained the rest of the relaxation potion and reached for another. "I'd even picked out my awesome title. 'Baron of Skulls.' Pretty bad-ass, right??"

"Very bad-ass, Master," Lirk said. 

"I was going to have a Dungeon all of my own, instead of *renting* a tiny little crypt." I gestured around at the pathetic little marble room that I was currently confined to. "With *multiple* torture rooms, an enormous pantry of ingredients, a proper Summoning tower... the works." I sipped at my potion and pictured it all in my mind, just as I had done for years. Maybe an old abandoned castle out in the country, or possibly one of the large vaulted chambers deep in the city's catacombs.

"Just look at me," I spat out. "Dirty robes, only seven skeletal minions, an empty cupboard, and not even two gold pieces to rub together! And for what? To run a damn *cleaning service*?" There isn't much legitimate work out there for a Necromancer, but I'd managed to secure a contract with the local disease ward, disposing of their bodies. Skeletons don't get diseases, so they were perfectly suited for the job. And a perfect supply of new underlings, once I managed to scrounge up enough materials for some more summoning rituals. But I'd become the laughing stock of the other Necromancers. I couldn't even bear to face most of my former friends. "I've got nothing."

"You have us, Master," the skeletons answered. Their shovels and picks continued to scrape against the dirt under the crypt. "And someday soon, the Ruby of Mertialz!" Lirk added.

"Yeah, yeah," I said, taking another sip of my potion. The *only* reason I'd ever taken this shitty little crypt was the rumor that a great jewel was buried somewhere underneath it. A jewel with remarkable power that would allow me to get back on the right track. The skeletons could only go clean the disease ward at night, so I set them to work during the day tunneling down. I mean, maybe the Ruby was just a myth. Its existence was only mentioned in a few old crumbling scrolls, but... well, it didn't hurt to try, did it? "Get back to work, guys. I want this hole to be ten feet deeper by the time you leave for the ward."

"Yes, Master," Lirk answered.**[WP] Instead of dead mice, your cat starts leaving cash and small bags of narcotics on your porch.**

---

I knew it was a bad neighborhood when I first moved in, but there was nothing to be done about that. What else could I afford on my salary? It was either this, or pay $800 a month to share someone's closet on the Upper West side. There were bars on all the windows, cockroaches in the cabinets, and drug dealers conveniently located on every corner. Dizzy adapted to the new location quite well, though. I'd rescued her from a shelter two years ago and I was the only human that she trusted, so she was quite happy to not have any roommates. She wasn't at all worried by the nightly sound of gunfire and wailing police sirens. 

Dizzy had been an outdoor feral cat in her past life. She was a tough son of a bitch, though you'd never know it from seeing her flop on her back and ask for belly rubs whenever I walked through the door. There was still some part of her that still longed to go out there and hunt. It hadn't been possible in our last place, but she managed to find a hole in the wall of the new place just large enough for her to sneak through and get outside. I kind of panicked when it first happened, given how many shady Chinese food restaurants were nearby. But Dizzy always came back, happy as a clam and carrying a little present for me. She was such a good provider: sometimes I'd get trash, or freshly killed rats larger than some of the smaller dogs you see carried in purses in the garment district. But sometimes... well, I don't know where Dizzy got it, but she started bringing back cash in neat little rubber-band-wrapped stacks. I hadn't intentionally trained a cat burglar, but I couldn't deny that the little extra bit helped. I always made sure to buy her a can of the good cat food with it as a reward for doing her part. 

A few weeks after the money, she started bringing home little baggies full of drugs. Usually just weed, but sometimes harder stuff. Coke, heroine, pills... I didn't want anything to do with that scene, so I'd throw them out immediately. I didn't want cops to find that on me somehow, and I *certainly* didn't want the nearby gangs to think that I had been somehow stealing from them. I told Dizzy not to bring those back anymore... but she's a cat. It's not like she could understand what I said. I tried boarding up her exit hole, but nothing worked: every day I'd come home to find it open again. How she managed to move an entire stack of textbooks is far beyond me. I was just dreading the day that someone would find her stealing their stash and follow her back to my place, and I'd come home to a whole gang in my living room or something.

I worked late on Christmas Eve. Everyone else at the store had chosen to take vacation all at the same time, and I was the only one staying in the city over the holidays. Mostly because I was the only one who couldn't afford to go anywhere. Naturally Mr. Henderson decided to keep the store open to 11 despite how short-staffed we were. So I found myself stepping off the train at the dead of midnight facing a long, cold walk back home. And I wasn't alone.

"Hey man, you lost?" A voice called from behind me. I quickened my pace and shot a glance over my shoulder. Two figures wearing dark hooded sweatshirts were walking behind me with a confident swagger. I kept my head down and scanned the street, looking for anyone else around who could potentially help me. No luck; the stores were all closed for the holiday, and no one else wanted to be out on the streets this late either. I'd never seen anywhere in NYC so desolate.

"Hey, you got a light?" one of them called out. 

"We just want a smoke," the other said. I broke out into a full run, and I could hear their sneakers pounding the sidewalk after me. And then another dark figure stepped out of an alleyway right in front of me, holding some sort of large blunt object right in my path. He was at least two feet taller than me, and built like a mountain. One swing of that bat would knock me head clean off my shoulders. I was cornered.

"How much you go on you?" they asked, checking the streets for any sign of cops coming. "Give us your cell phone too."

"Please," I said, holding out my hands and backing up against a streetlight. "I don't have anythi..."

"Oh *shit*!" one of them said. He pulled off his hood and came closer, studying me under the light. "Shit, man, this is Big D's boy!"

The others looked at me like I was a circus freak. "You sure?" one of them said. The one who'd first identified me reached into *his* jacket pocket, and pulled a slip of paper or something out, and held it up next to my face. I was able to glance over and see that it was actually a picture of me. The one from my sister's wedding that I kept in a drawer by my bed... how had they gotten that? Had someone broken into my apartment??

"Fuck, man!" I could see panic in their eyes as they each traded glances, then they all turned back to me. "Listen, we didn't mean nothing. Here, why don't we walk you home? Make sure you get there all safe." The mountain with the baseball bat loomed over me, and as he took off his hood I could actually see *sheer terror* on his face. All I could do was nod in response. They fanned out like a Secret Service detail and guided me back to my apartment. I was too scared and confused to ask how they already knew the way there. 

"We're sorry again," one called as I stepped toward the door and got out my keys. "Please don't tell Big D what happened!"

"Uh... I won't..." I said slowly. I didn't know who Big D was, so telling him was kind of impossible anyway. They stayed on the sidewalk and watched me as I quickly opened the door; I was still worried that this was all some sort of trick to get me to open the door to my place and then they'd rush in and rob me. Not that I had anything worth stealing. But they maintained their distance, so I slipped in and immediately locked the door behind me.

"Mrow!" Dizzy was waiting, as always. Poor girl had been waiting for her dinner for hours. I rubbed her head, still in daze from what had happened. We went into the kitchen, where I saw her latest present waiting on the counter: a big stack of bills, at least $600. 

"Dizzy... you..." What had those guys all said? *Big D*? She rubbed against my leg, twitching her tail and looking up at me with wide eyes. "Did you..."

*No way. That's just crazy*.

"Never mind. Let's get you a can of food, Diz."**[Wp] Humans have discovered how to live forever, allowing them to die when they feel ready to do so. But it is considered bad form to live for too long. You have lingered much longer than is polite and those around you are trying to convince you to die.**

----

Scrambled eggs, breakfast potatoes, crispy bacon, and an English muffin with raspberry jam. I loaded the tray with Margaret's favorite breakfast foods and brought them to her in bed. The wood floor of our old house creaked as I entered the room, causing her to stir under the sheets. Still half-asleep, she gave a blissful smile at the smell of the food. 

She sat up against a wall of pillows and I set the tray in her lap. "Today's the day," I reminded her, brushing a few stray strands of hair out of her eyes. She still looked exactly the same after all these years.

"I know." She took a bite of her English muffin, and a gob of jam clung to her upper lip. It was adorable. But the smile that came across my lips was more painful than anything I'd ever felt.

We had chosen to die today. It was a decision several centuries in the making, but the time had come. Nearly all of our friends had long since made the choice to end their lives, but we'd held out. Gentle pushing from our children, and our grandchildren, and our great-great-great-great-great grandchildren had become not so gentle in recent years. We resisted even at the cost of becoming social pariahs. Some of our more ungrateful descendants were even threatening to have our assets seized, claiming that we'd delayed their inheritance for too long. *Brats*. Finally Margaret and I relented, and scheduled our termination date. Today. 

I took a slice of bacon off her plate and bit into it. I'd certainly miss bacon. There would be a lot of that today: my last everything. Last bite of bacon. Last shower. Last walk with our dog Fisher, who would go stay with our great-great-granddaughter and her family after we passed on. 

Margaret and I decided to make a day of it. If it was to be our last, it was to be our *best*. We started with a long drive through the forest, like the ones we'd taken when we first fell in love. Dappled sunlight filtered through the dense green leaves of the canopy, and a warm breeze shook the branches. Then we arrived at the lake and dug our old toes into the sandy beach at the shore. Cold water lapped at our feet, sending chills racing up our bodies. Rather than shrink from it, I dove headfirst into the water. It was cool and refreshing against the summer heat. Margaret followed me in, emerging a few seconds later with rivulets running from her hair. At shoulder depth, we embraced and kissed. Just like when we'd first started dating. 

The sun began to dip behind the trees, painting the sky red and orange. We dried off on the dock and drove to Palmero's for dinner. It had long since gone out of business, and some other restaurant was there in its place. But the dining patio was still open, and we managed to get a table in the very same place that we had hundreds of years ago when I'd first dropped to one knee and placed a diamond ring on Margaret's finger. Over dinner, we reminisced about all of those good times. We were both deliberately ignoring our watches as our appointment grew ever closer. 

Finally we couldn't avoid it anymore. Goodbye messages from our family and few remaining friends began rolling in. "Best of luck!" they said, as though we were departing for a long journey instead of fading into oblivion. Though filled with loving language, all I could read from the messages was 'you can't back out now!'

Margaret and I got back into the car and headed down the highway to the doctor's office where we'd end our lives. The sign loomed over the highway, pointing the way toward the end. I'd been reading up on the subject recently, and most people only described relief as the end neared. Like climbing into a warm bed at the end of a long day. But I didn't feel that at all. It felt like I'd swallowed a load of molten lead. But I had to stay firm for Margaret. We'd agreed that we were in this together, and I wasn't about to let her down now. 

"I had a great day," she told me, giving my hand a squeeze. 

"Me too." The turn was coming closer and closer. Neither of us wanted to say what the other was thinking.

"You know, we forgot dessert," she finally told me. "We used to always go out for ice cream."

I gave a giddy laugh. I've never felt such relief. "You know, you're right. One can't die without a proper dessert."

She beamed back. "Well I guess we'll have to reschedule!" 

We sped by the exit toward the doctor's. The lights were still on in the office, but there was no one else in the parking lot. I wondered briefly how long they'd wait for us before realizing that we'd decided not to show. 

----


"Tomorrow," Margaret said firmly with a sundae in her hand.  "We'll reschedule for tomorrow."

"Right." I licked my ice cream cone. Dulce de leche, my favorite. "Tomorrow." Just as we'd said so many times in the past.**[WP] The galaxy is at war. Surprisingly humans did not participate in the war but instead, both sides find themselves using human-made weapons to kill each other.**

------

We were discovered and classified by the Kinretian Empire in 2051. Civilization #4156: a Type 6, Technology Level 43, Class 1 Species. Not quite so unique and special as we’d thought of ourselves for so many millennia. 

Type 6 civilization, meaning that we had developed the idea of collective governance, but had not yet unified as a species nor began colonizing space. When we were found, we were still recovering from the disastrous war in Southeast Asia. The hostilities had ceased, but we could not be sure that the aliens hadn’t been observing as nuclear bombs were dropped on some of the world’s largest cities. Billions of lives lost in a matter of days; certainly not the finest hour for our species. And even if the Kinretians *weren’t* watching, surely they would notice the massive hotspots of radiation that blanketed what had once been India, Pakistan, and parts of China.  There was no way to hide our shameful behavior from them.

Technology Level 43, which ranged on a logarithmic scale of 1 to 100. Level one would be something like chimpanzees, able to grasp the concept of a tool and what it could be used for, but not having enough knowledge to progress beyond blunt objects with which to hit stuff. And a level 100 civilization would be so advanced that we might not even be able to comprehend their existence much less how their technology works. The vast majority of intelligent species never really rise above a 10, only using tools enough to survive in their food chain but never building a true civilization. The initial reaction on Earth to being assigned a level 43 was “eh, not too bad.” It didn’t sound far off from the baseline of 50, which the Kinretians had pegged to their own civilization when they first started to explore other worlds. 

But then we learned what they could do. Faster-than-light travel, lifespans of centuries instead of decades, vast space-faring empires… feats and marvels that science fiction writers could only dream of. The distance between 43 and 50 was a lot further than it seemed, roughly the equivalent of the difference between the technology of 2051 and the bronze-age Egyptians. 

What we *could* do, seemingly better than other species ranked far higher than us, was create weapons. It turns out that a Type 6 civilization at Technology Level 43 is rather rare in the universe. Species tend to unite into one society around their own versions of the Industrial Revolution, when they’re able to quickly travel around their own planet and able to communicate effectively. Much like a bunch of kindergarten children, humans are apparently not as good at solving our problems with words. 

Once unified into a Type 4 civilization, warfare becomes fairly rare and as a result, research and development on new ways to kill each other tends to stagnate. And by the time that species becomes a Type 1 civilization, traveling and colonizing the stars, intraspecies warfare is practically non-existent. We, however, never unified and continued fighting each other all the way up to first contact. And we were damn good at it. 

But with every new system that is discovered and catalogued, there remains the chance of conflict with unfamiliar civilizations. Hence the last category. Class 1. We only learned about this ranking by accident, as it was not included in our “first contact” message nor any subsequent discussions with the Kinretians. A merchant had just happened to mention it in an offhand way, and after experiencing some of our more creative interrogation techniques, had finally spilled the beans. Class 1 was a categorization of how much risk we posted to the Kinretian Empire. 1 being the very highest level, posing an extremely dire risk. 

Fortunately for us, we were discovered in the midst of a galactic war. The Kinretians had been fighting a Type 2 species (meaning a space-faring hivemind) with technology level 52 for the past decade. It was a classic battle for land and resources, a story that humans knew all too well. And the very reason that we’d been given that Class 1 designation is the reason that the Kinretians needed us now. Their current foes were the only other Class 1 species that they’d ever found. 

We were glad to help. One would almost think we’d been preparing for this day, given the amount of stockpiled weapons that we had ready to sell. Well, not *sell*: barter. We didn’t want their money, we wanted their technology. We wanted ships that could create wormholes to other solar systems, allowing for interstellar travel in a matter of hours. We wanted to terraform those worlds. If the Kinretians had learned a bit more about us, they would have known that we’d never be satisfied with Technology Level 43.

We sold them guns and tanks, with physical ammunition that went straight through energy shields designed to block laser beams. We sold them orbital bombers capable of leveling a country in one uninterrupted run. We sold them helicopters, with the caveat that they’d only work on planets with a suitably thick atmosphere. We even sold them nuclear bombs deployable by plane, missile, ground, etc. Everything they’d need to win the war. 

Their enemies, however, found new sources as well. They had bought guns and tanks of their own, as well as bulletproof armor and tank-busting ammunition. Their atmosphere was blanketed in ‘lice,’ the insect-sized anti-aircraft devices designed to latch onto orbital bombers, worm their way through the armor and then self-destruct. And the ICBMs that the Kinretians had purchased from us had been shot down by advanced anti-missile systems. 

If the Kinretians were surprised or felt betrayed, they never let on. They needed us too much. Orders kept pouring in for more weapons, and even for human mercenary companies. They served on both sides of the war, sometimes fighting each other without any alien species present. But more often they fought side by side with the aliens, learning their tactics and strategies. And that information eventually made its way home.

The war ended with the exchange of some territory, but essentially a stalemate. Both sides had just been worn down after years of hostility, which had been ratcheted up a few notches once human technology was introduced.

There was one winner in the war, however. We became the first Type 0 species: spacefaring, with colonies in multiple solar systems, but with no unified government. Humans leapfrogged up the ladder to Technology level 53, above both the Kinretians and their foes. Turns out that we have a knack not just for killing each other, but for reverse engineering technology and using it in new and creative ways, including new types of weapons. And we were ready to prove just how much of a Class 1 threat we really were. 

-----


-----**[WP] 105 years ago humankind decided to become extinct by not reproducing. You are the last human alive sitting in your home when suddenly you hear a voice of a young woman over your CB radio.**

----

I come from a long line of rebels, stretching back generations. Grandpa never took kindly to authority figures telling him what to do, and refused to be chipped even when that meant losing his job and being unable to go to stores without facing arrest. As a big F-U to the government, he moved up here to the mountains to live off the land instead. Internet and phones required a chip to use, so they just did without. And when he and Grandma had kids, they were born here in the cabin instead of in one of the hospitals in town. No chips, no registration, no records. Dad then carried on the same family values; he met Mom through a group of like-minded resistors who were never registered, and they had me in secret.

I was only six when the Evacuation Act was passed. After so much harm to the environment, people realized that some things just can’t be fixed with more technology. The entire planet was turned into one big park, and everyone else evacuated off-world. Being cut off from the rest of society, we only learned about it when the government started broadcasting warnings on old CB radios, telling us to report to the nearest spaceport for reassignment. Well, Dad followed those orders just about as much as Grandpa had done in the past; I was just lucky that he never smashed that old radio receiver.

The flyovers started when I was eight or so. We’d have to dash out of the cabin and jump into the lake, even in the dead of winter. Dad said the drones use thermal imaging, so they can’t see us under the cold water. I started sleeping in a wetsuit, and Dad rigged up some big straws on the dock for us to breathe through.

But by the time I was eleven or twelve, the flyovers became less and less frequent until they finally stopped. *All* air traffic stopped, actually: no more sonic booms from planes soaring overhead, and no more streaks in the sky from the orbital jumpers leaving spaceports. Even the CB radio fell silent; no more government broadcasts warning us to leave the planet, and one by one the other resistor families fell silent too.

Dad passed on when I was about 15; some kind of infection that didn’t respond to our home-grown penicillin. It was bound to happen eventually, and he’d raised me up right to take care of myself. I buried him on the shore of the lake next to Grandma and Grandpa, and next to the mother I’d never really known. And that was it: just like that, I was alone. 

Despite Dad’s warnings, I did search for others. After making sure that my traps were set, the fishing nets were out, and the crops were attended, I had some free time on summer. So I decided to go into town. I wasn’t going to get caught: living out here and hunting for one’s supper makes one pretty adept at staying hidden. I just had to see this town for my own two eyes. Just to see if they really were gone. I stopped on the outskirts and observed the gleaming towers and wide paved streets, but there was nothing moving. Everything was dead quiet; completely deserted. Maybe the radio broadcasts had been right: maybe everyone was gone.

Summers went and winters came, and life carried on. I kept the radio on, waiting for some signal. Maybe one of the other resistor families was still out there. Maybe they were afraid to broadcast because of the flyovers. So every night, I sat by my fire and just talked for hours on end. I talked until my throat was hoarse. I *begged* them to respond. To do *anything* to indicate that maybe they were still out there. And just when I thought I couldn’t take it anymore…

“Hello?” A voice crackled through the speakers. “Hello, can you hear me?” the voice was soft, in a way that I’d only heard on Dad’s old recordings: a woman’s voice. 

I threw myself across the cabin and lunged for the mic. “I’m here!” I shouted, mashing the broadcast button. “Hello? Hello?! I’m here!” I hadn’t realized just how much I *needed* to hear another human speak. It had been near 4 years now since Dad’s passing, and I hadn’t seen another soul since then. 

“Oh god, are you real?” she asked back, ending the broadcast with a sob.

“Yes. Yes, I’m real.” I didn’t even know how to describe the sheer relief I was feeling now.

“I’ve been looking for so long!” Her voice was like a song. “Where are you? I just… I need to see you for myself.”

My mind stretched back to the abandoned town, miles and miles away. There was a big green sign near the road that said the name. “I’m near Reno,” I told her. “In Nevada.”

There was a long pause. The radio crackled with static, teasing me. *Was she not real? Was it all my imagination? Had I finally snapped?* Then her voice came back through the speakers. “I can be there in 3 hours,” she said. “Look for me in the center of town.”

---

I picked flowers for her. I’m not sure why; Dad had once told me that he’d given Mom flowers on the day they met, and that she’d love it. We used to pick them together to put on her grave, too. I guess women liked flowers. 

I stood in a windswept intersection of two broad streets. I wasn’t sure where exactly the ‘center’ of town was, but this section had the biggest buildings. And I was the only one here.

“Hello?!” I called. My voice echoed through the canyons of glass and steel until it was carried away by the wind. But I had to keep calling, or she wouldn’t be able to find me. 

The streets were filled with a sudden roar, like a pounding storm. It seemed to come from every direction at once; from the buildings themselves. Then a bright light snapped on overhead, and I had just enough time to look up and identify the glowing engines of one of the government ships. Then electricity jolted through my body, leaving my convulsing on the rough black asphalt. 

“Got one poacher in the honey pot,” a voice said. The shock had taken me out of it so much I didn’t even realize that men in black uniforms had appeared next to me. 

“Where is she?” I managed to croak. I realized that I hadn’t even learned her name. Hopefully she saw the ship and ran, like Dad had trained me to do.

“Confirmed,” the voice said, ignoring my question. “Taking him up now.” A harness was strapped to my chest, and we began to rise toward the ship

“Where is she?!” I shouted at the men hanging in the air next to me. “WHERE IS SHE?”

One of them laughed and removed part of the black mask he wore over his face. “There never was a ‘she,’” he told me.


----

If you enjoyed this story, check out**[WP] The story of a quartet of adventurers consisting of the child of an Aztec nobleman, an escaped African slave, a Spanish Jew fleeing the Inquisition, and a katana-wielding samurai in colonial Mexico.**

----

“I still think we should have hired him,” Diego said as he stirred the cooking pot over the crackling fire. “I ain’t never seen a man like that.” The samurai had looked like a black-and-gold armadillo with all that plate armor and that bulky helmet. “And you seen that sword of his!”

“He wasn’t bad,” Benjamin answered from his cot. The sun had only just disappeared behind the mountains, but he was ready for sleep now. Riding on horseback all day was really starting to take a physical toll on him. Back in Spain, he’d hardly ever left Granada and thus never really traveled long distances before. Now it seemed like he hadn’t *stopped* traveling for ages. “He was handy with the sword, sure. But treasure split four ways is a lot smaller than treasure split *three* ways.”

“What use is a sword, anyway?” Zolin added with a sneer. “They certainly didn’t help my people when the Spaniards came with guns.” He gestured at the ruins of the Aztec temple where they’d chosen to make their camp. Half-smashed statues of his people’s deities were a true testament to the power of guns over swords. “Swords are the tools of the past.” Despite this sentiment, he still carried a traditional obsidian ax on his back, though it was rarely used.

“True,” Diego concurred. His old master, a cavalry officer who’d been one of Cortez’s lieutenants, had always favored the sword. And having a sword certainly hadn’t helped *him* survive once Diego managed to get his hands on a gun from a deserter who’d hidden out in the slave quarters one night. That gun was the whole reason he was here in Benjamin’s crew instead of still laboring away in the sugar cane fields. “I guess you all are right.”

“We feel the same way!” A voice called from the darkness beyond their fire. Five men emerged from the shadows of the broken temple and entered the clearing with pistols drawn. Diego didn’t even time to unholster his own pistol before two barrels were pointing right in his face. “Don’t even think about it, Negro,” one of the men announced. He walked up close to the fire, giving them a good view of his stubbly black beard and black eyes that gleamed like coals under the brim of his hat. 

“You neither, Indian,” one of the henchmen said with an eye on Zolin’s gleaming black ax. 

“We’ll make this real easy,” the man said. He took the spoon from Diego’s hand and dipped it into the soup for a taste. “Now first, we’re gonna want all the gold you’ve got on you.” He turned to Benjamin, clearly the financier of the operation with his fine clothes and jewelry. “I assume that you’re the one to talk to about that, Jew.” Benjamin grimaced back, but made no effort to deny it. He’d done enough of that back in Spain. “And the next thing we’re gonna want is that map you’ve got.” He turned to Zolin this time, pointing with the still-dripping spoon. “I assume that you’re the one guiding them to the treasure? Selling out your own people for a lit…”

His speech was interrupted by a quick *swish* and then a loud *squelching* sound. Shortly after, a horrible scream of pain. Everyone turned to see one of the henchman fall to his knees cradling the bleeding stump where his right hand had been only moments earlier. 

The samurai’s armor seemed to meld with the darkness, and only the golden outline of it caught the firelight. He moved like lightning, plunging the sword into the chest of a second henchman before they even recognized what the hell was happening. Two of the robbers managed to get shots off, but the bullets buried themselves into the temple ruins without so much as coming close to the samurai. One second he was right there where they’d aimed, and the next second he was slicing off a third henchman’s hand. The fourth henchman turned and ran without so much as an attempt to reload his gun. 

The samurai had his blade to the lead robber’s neck before anyone could utter another word. “Shall he live as your prisoner?” the samurai asked Benjamin in broken Spanish. “Or shall I remove him?”

Benjamin, who just a moment ago had been staring down five gun barrels, was a bit stunned to find the tables turned so quickly. “I… uh… I suppose we can keep him as our prisoner,” he said.

The samurai flicked his sword away, leaving a thin red line of blood in the midst of the robber’s unkempt beard. Then the samurai retrieved a cloth from a little satchel on his belt, wiped his blade clean, and returned it to its sheath. It was done in one quick, fluid motion. Almost like a dancer.

“Holy hell!” Diego said, unable to take his eyes off of one of the hands still twitching in the grass. The Samurai’s demonstration back in Mazatlan had been impressive but this was a whole new level. 

The samurai clasped his hands at his sides and bowed to Benjamin. “I recognize that you were not satisfied with my initial demonstration for you. Please let this conflict serve as a second demonstration of my abilities. I ask that you reconsider a contract with me as your protector.”

Benjamin looked down at their new prisoner, at the body of the henchman who’d been stabbed through the chest, and the two hands and accompanying pistols that had been violently separated from their owners. “The job is definitely yours,” he answered, extending a hand for the Samurai to shake.**[WP] You applied for a job at google, everything goes well and only one interview remains: They'd just like an explanation for your search history.**

----

"Well, Mr. Powell," the interviewer adjusted his glasses, "Your references all seem to be in order, and everyone spoke very highly of you."

The last knot in my stomach unraveled. *Thank god*. I mean, I knew that I would have nothing to worry about. Otherwise, why would I have listed those people as references? But still: it was nice to finally hear. I'd been through days of testing and seen the applicant pool whittled down from two hundred to just three of us left, applying for two spots. 

"Just one last thing." He removed a large (like, book-sized) manila folder from his desk and slammed it down in front of me, making the whole desk shake. "Let's discuss your search history." The sentence that *every* young man fears, though I'd been expecting it to come from my girlfriend, not a potential employer. 

"I..." He slid the folder over to me and then tapped his fingers together like Mr. Burns. I extended one finger and flipped the top of the folder open, like there was something disgusting inside that I didn't want to touch. 

First page was categorized as "Dangerous." It was a pretty broad term that included things like that time that I'd worked the graveyard shift and decided to learn all I could about the Kennedy Assassination. Then there was the times that I'd googled how to build bombs, propaganda techniques... you know, things that would make me seem like some sort of supervillain or terrorist. "Well this is all..." I stuttered, looking back down at the page as though some explanation might jump out at me. "Look, there's...." I was just curious, I swear!

He cleared his throat and nodded down, asking me to flip to the next bookmark. I turned to the next section, titled "Porn." I don't need to even go into detail, but let's just say that there were some *unorthodox* searches that would probably send my mother into a coma if she ever read this page. Even reading the searches without seeing the results made me feel like I needed a shower. "I can't be the only one who has looked at..." I glanced back down at the page again. Ok, maybe I was.

"Now, is this really the sort of person we want working at Google?" the interviewer asked.

I bowed my head, and I was just empty inside. I'd gotten so far through the process. It was in my grasp... and now it was slipping away. "Look, it's probably too late to change your mind. But isn't this *why* we have the internet? So that we can explore curiosity without judgment and get real answers instead of asking someone who doesn't really know either? Should we *really* be condemning that?"

He snorted. "Oh, *that's* what you thought the issue was?" He leaned over his desk and tapped the right corner of every page, showing the *Bing* logo. "We don't care what you're searching for, we just have doubts about your *judgment.*"

I gave a sigh of relief and closed the folder as fast as possible. I didn't even want to see what other sections were in there. "I was only able to use Internet Explorer from my work computer, and Bing was the default that I couldn't change." I explained through a nervous smile. Hopefully he wouldn't make the connection that all of those searches had been *while I was at work*. 

"Ah!" He slid the folder off the side of his desk, stood up, and shook my hand. "Well in that case, welcome aboard!"After hours of stumbling through the darkness and stormy weather, you finally manage to find a cave to hide in. Dry firewood is in short supply, but you manage to scrounge enough up to make a weak fire to warm yourself up and maybe dry your clothes.

God, how did it come to this? Just yesterday, you were in the laboratory putting the finishing touches on the Machine. And now you're lost out in the wilds with no supplies and no way home. But at least it didn't kill you. Always look on the bright side, right?

You somehow manage to fall asleep against the most comfortable boulder you can find. When you awaken, your clothes are still damp, but at least wearable. The rain has dissipated, leaving a muddy soaked forest outside the cave entrance. With the morning light, you're finally able to explore your surroundings more carefully. A thin crevice reveals that the cave goes back much further than you ever anticipated! You consider going to explore, but your stomach rumbles in disagreement.**[WP] “That, Mr. Potter, is Mordor. And THAT is where you will fulfill the prophecy...”**

-----

“So there’s a ring,” Harry asked, “Created by that dark wizard git, Sauron.” Harry gestured over to Mordor far off in the distance. Wind howled around the pair as they stood on the very edge of Mount Mindolluin, at the very center of Minas Tirith. Off in the distance, the thin black sliver of Barad-dûr was occasionally highlighted by flashes of lightning. “And even though someone killed Sauron a long time ago, he won’t quite die as long as this ring still exists. Right?”

Gandalf nodded, stroking his long white beard as he was often wont to do.  “Yes. You see, in creating the ring, Sauron…”

“Let me guess: he put a bit of his own soul into it?” Harry absent-mindedly scratched at the scar on his forehead. “Into an object that was incredibly important to him, making it nearly indestructible? And able to influence a person’s mind?” He thought back to the locket that had nearly turned him against his best friend, or how Riddle’s diary had manipulated Ginny Weasley to open the Chamber of Secrets. 

“Well, yes, I suppose so…” Gandalf said slowly as he sucked on the end of his tobacco pipe. “You seem to know quite a bit about this.” When this young wizard had appeared in that odd cabinet in Orthanc, the boy had been terrified and confused. But now, he apparently had quite extensive knowledge of the One Ring; knowledge which Gandalf had only been able to discover from the archives deep in Gondor’s library. Knowledge which Gandalf had *destroyed*, lest anyone else discover it. He didn’t quite know what to think of the boy anymore. 

“It’s called a Horcrux,” Harry said. “My friends and I have dealt with this sort of thing before. One of them was even a ring, too. Where is it now?”

“A group of our bravest adventurers set off on a journey to throw the ring into the volcanic fires of Mt. Doom, the only thing hot enough to destroy the ring.”

“So, it’s like ‘Fiendfyre?’” 

Gandalf wasn’t entirely sure what that word was, but he nodded. The magma of Mt. Doom could be described as a fiendish fire, he supposed.

“But you *do* know that that’s not the only way to destroy a Horcrux, right?” Harry asked.

Gandalf’s pipe dropped out of his mouth and clattered onto the flagstones underfoot.

“Well there’s always Basilisk fangs; we destroyed most of them that way. And a sword soaked in Basilisk venom, which I guess is the same thing… although it has to be Goblin-forged steel for that to work.”

“Basi… what?” Gandalf asked. “What is a ‘Basilisk’?”

“Oh, it’s a nasty snake sort of thing. Well if you don’t have those here, we’d best just use Fiendfyre. So are there any clues as to where this Sauron bloke hid the ring? Have your friends found any good clues yet?”

“Well… I mean, we’ve got the ring already,” Gandalf said. “But as I said, we were attempting to take it to Mt. Doom…”

“You’ve already got it? Brilliant!” Harry said. “Well, let’s get it, then.”

“Well, Frodo has it,” Gandalf said. “The last report that I got stated that they were seen in the presence of Faramir, son of the Steward of Gondor, near the Black Gates. But that was weeks ago; they could be…”

“No matter. I’ve got an idea.” Harry rummaged around in his robe pocket for a moment and then pulled out his wand. The 11-inch bit of holly looked utterly insignificant next to Gandalf’s majestic ash wood staff, but Harry gave it a good swish and then shouted “ACCIO THE ONE RING!”

“What does that do?” Gandalf asked.

Harry put a hand to his brow to shield his eyes from the sun and looked out over the vast green expanse of the plains of Gondor, looking for something off in the distance. “You’ll see,” he told Gandalf.


--------

“More tea?” Harry offered Gandalf, holding the pot in the air. They’d been waiting on the edge of the cliff for the better part of an hour now, despite Gandalf’s offer to go inside to a more pleasant room where they could talk. The boy had insisted that they wait out here. 

A cloud was torn apart off in the distance. Gandalf stared, not quite sure what to make of it. Something had just punched a hole straight through the center. And… and it seemed like there was a whole mass of air moving towards them. And in the center, something… shining.

“Here we are!” Harry said, climbing to his feet. The shining object sped closer and closer until Harry deftly reached out and snatched it out of the air. Upon seeing Gandalf’s stunned look, the boy grinned. “I wasn’t the youngest seeker on the Quidditch team for nothing, you know!” he opened his palm to reveal a plain, golden ring. It had no markings (at least, not while it was cool) but Gandalf would have recognized it anywhere. 

“You…. The ring…” All of that work to hide the ring from Sauron’s gaze… all of that work to send Frodo and the rest of the Fellowship to Mordor, and the boy had brought it to him with *three words*? Gandalf wondered if he was secretly one of the Valar in disguise, finally come to answer their prayers. 

“Here, stand back,” Harry said, setting the ring on the ground and pointing his wand at it. But his eyes flickered over the city roofs all around them and he considered. “On second thought, we’d better go somewhere safer.” He reached down to pick up the ring, then wrapped an arm around Gandalf’s waist.

A moment later, Gandalf found himself standing in snow and feeling like he’d just been pummeled by a Balrog. Below him, Minas Tirith was just a small patch of white in the otherwise green Pelennor Fields. Somehow the boy had brought him up to the peaks overlooking Gondor, a hundred leagues away, and all in the blink of an eye. “What was *that?*” he asked the boy.

“Side-along apparition. Sorry, I should have warned you first. I was just in a hurry.” Even as he spoke, he placed the ring on a rock some distance away and then returned to Gandalf. “All right; get ready.” 

The boy muttered something that Gandalf didn’t quite understand, and a ribbon of bright-orange flame shot out from the end of his wand. It landed on the ring and formed into a coiled serpent with a brilliant pattern of orange and purple. The fire grew larger and larger and larger until Gandalf and Harry had to shield their eyes and retreat even further to avoid being burned. The large rock upon which the ring had been placed melted and drooped like a beeswax candle. And as Gandalf watched, the ring too began to sag and become liquid under the enormous heat of the fire. 

When it was reduced to a puddle of molten gold, the boy wrangled the flames under control, leaving a blackened crater in the side of the mountain. Further down the mountain range, Gandalf could see signal fires flaring to life. The men on watch at the outposts must have mistaken the boy's spell for a far-off signal fire. 

“Well, that’s finished,” Harry said to Gandalf, casting a spell to cool the disc of molten gold. He picked it up and handed it to Gandalf. “So is there another Horcrux, or what?”

Gandalf looked at the boy, then at the disc of gold in his hand. Finally he looked toward Mordor just in time to see the black spiky form of Barad-dûr implode.It is so amazing that this many people are interested in seeing what I've written! I'm blown away and I love getting comments from all of you.

Just thank you for being here.**[WP] Everytime you kill someone he lives inside your head as a voice. Someday you wake up with dozens of screams inside your head.**

----

Adnan is the oldest. He's 34, originally from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The other two are brothers: Mohammed and Omar, both from outside Sana'a in Yemen. I killed them on May 8th, 2017 from the 'pilot seat' of a Predator drone. 

They're not mad at me. Disappointed that the 'afterlife' is being stuck in the mind of some guy from Oklahoma who just happened to be the one to pull the trigger on them.... but no, they're not mad at me. At least not for killing them. I mean, hell, they would have killed me too if they had the chance. They've admitted that. We're all clear on where we stand with each other. It was war, after all.

Let me tell you, it was confusing as hell when they first started speaking to me. *None of us* knew what the hell was going on exactly. I mean, I thought I was going crazy. I went to the doctor and just kind of *casually* brought up what I would *hypothetically* do in this kind of situation. The doc went off on a spiel about how this was all just PTSD and that I needed to subit to a full psych evaluation. He was ready to write out a prescription for all kinds of pills, and I probably would have been shipped off to an institution. That would have just *killed* my parents. Not even exaggerating: if I was discharged for being loony, Mom would've literally had a heart attack. And as much as I love her, I didn't want her in my head too. So I did the only thing I really *could* do: told the doctor that it was just a joke and I was feeling fine, and got my ass out of there. And then I got to know Adnan, Mohammed, and Omar better. 

Turns out that they're pretty good guys. We have a lot more in common than you'd think. Over time, I've come to see things from their perspective. About how unfair the war was. About how they don't really hate us just for being *American*, it's that we've got no business being in their holy lands in just the same way that they've got no business being in America. It got to the point where I couldn't even bear going into work, seeing what we were doing to their country day after day. All of the death and destruction, and for what? Because they dared fight back against us *one time*? So on April 15, 2018, I was discharged from the military and became a free man. The four of us set out to find something better. Something I could do with my life that we could all agree with. 

Mohammed and Omar had both been shephards in their life before they were called to Jihad, and from what they said it sounded like a pretty nice life. Living out in the open, nothing but you and nature. We moved up to the panhandle of Texas, about as flat and sparse as you can get. Got ourselves a little ranch and a few goats. Small enough to fly under the government's radar, and I could see their helicopters coming for me from miles off. Mom and Dad would still call, worried about me. They didn't quite understand why I needed to leave the army, or what the hell I was doing moving out to the middle of nowhere. I couldn't exactly tell them about the Stooges (my nickname for Adnan, Mohammed, and Omar), but I tried to explain that things were different for me now. 

We still listened to coverage of the war every day on the radio. I thought about getting internet so I could get some unbiased sources like the ones that Adnan suggested, but I knew that the government controlled the internet and it wasn't woth the risk. Just because I wasn't personally pulling the trigger anymore didn't change the fact that the war was horrifying as all hell. Yemen was pretty much torn into pieces now, and the occupying US and Saudi forces weren't making anything better. And the brothers of the Stooges only really had one option, which was resorting to terrorism: car bombs, going after civilian targets, etc. *The fly only has so many options against the flyswatter,* Adnan liked to say. And the more I read and talked with the Stooges, the more I was convinced that this wasn't about retaliating for the Inauguration bombings; this was just another chance for the U.S. to put on its imperialist boots and go stomping around the Middle East. 

One day, Adnan approached me with a solution. He had been talking to Mohammed and Omar, and they were wondering if we might do something to help their brothers overseas. Being in the U.S., we had such a big advantage. We may still be flies, but we are not under the swatter! We might actually bite the hand instead! *It will be easy*, Adnan assured me. This was his expertise back in Yemen, and he had been the best. He could show me how to build the bomb. It took a while to get everything we needed. See, the government is watching what we buy. Things like nitrous fertilizer, which can be used to make bombs. But if there's one thing that we've got out here in Nowhere, TX, it's farms. It was easy enough to get a good amount of it from one of my neighbor's barns in the middle of the night. After only a few months of work, everything was loaded into the truck and we were on our way to the CIA listening post that was secretly inside the Dallas IRS building. 

-----

I woke up to screaming in my mind. But it wasn't one of the Stooges: it was high pitched and feminine: a woman. And moments later, she was accompanied by at least 50 others, with more trickling in every minute. *Good to have some fresh faces around here,* I told the newcomers.**[WP] Napoleon and Hitler were born 129 years apart, came into power 129 years apart, and invaded Russia 129 years apart. It is now 2070. You've been reincarnated and rose to power for the third time. Russia is looking very tempting.**

---

My plane is delayed. Don't you hate it when that happens? 

It is some sort of mechanical failure, the pilots say. You'd think that the Prime Minister's plane would be maintained in immaculate condition, wouldn't you? They shouldn't be discovering these things right as I'm jetting off to the EU summit with the Russian Federation concerning the state of Crimea. The UN-administered regime of independence for the region has been an utter failure. Instead of creating a stable buffer between Europe and Russia, it's only led to civil warfare. But I'm pushing to end it once and for all.

I've been on the front lines of this conflict, both as a platoon leader during Britain's first intervention in 2051, and as a politician in Parliament urging for greater action against the Russian-backed rebels. I railed against our former Prime Minister's weak response, as well as the pitiful attempts of the EU Expeditionary force. And I did such a good job of it that my own Independence Party won a majority in Parliament only this past year. And, using my newfound political clout, I was able to convince our Russian counterparts to join us for a peace meeting in Tel Aviv. Israel has done a fine job of staying neutral despite sharing a border with the EU's Turkish territory.

After an hour on the tarmac, my plane is finally able to take off. We soon reach a cruising altitude, and I check my watch. The EU President and Foreign Minister should have landed already with their gaggle of Presidents and Prime Ministers in tow. They'll be whisked away to the summit without even checking into the hotel. The limousines will arrive at roughly 2:30, and the bombs are set to detonate at 2:45 in the midst of the scheduled press conference kicking off the summit. Russia's counterpart will also be *conveniently* delayed, sparing them from the carnage as well. Naturally this fact will be held up later as proof of their guilt.

Oh, did I not mention that I'm the reason the plane had mechanical problems? That it's all a deliberate ruse to make it look like I should have been a victim (to gain sympathy in the press) while simultaneously ridding me of those ninnies from the peace bloc who'd prefer to work things out with words? That it will soon be revealed that Russian operatives were the culprits of the bombing? It's the perfect Casus Belli.

We've barely made it over the Channel, and I'm already bored. God, I hate flying. My foot taps the plush carpet impatiently, waiting for the news. It's 2:46 already. What's taking so long? I pull out my notepad, ready to get to work. Even though I can't be seen preparing my speech before I've even received news of the 'tragedy,' there's nobody else in the plane. The pilots won't know what I'm working on here, so they won't be suspicious. And I do want to get a jump on it. After all, it needs to be convincing enough to make the right case. That this tragedy cannot go unanswered, and that I am the man to lead the EU to victory. I'm the only one with the political clout, the military experience, and most importantly: the resolve to see it through. Perhaps I ought to channel Churchill. 

Just as I put pen to paper, the copilot raps on the door. "Prime Minister? There's some news you need to hear."**[EU] Write about the purge in aspects OTHER than murder**

---

I sit on a beach and sip cocktails for 364 days a year. And that one day a year that I work, I go to The Conference.

See, the Purge has a reputation for being blood and lust and violence. No rules apply, meaning murder and mayhem, right? Fucking savages. If they even took a second to stop and think about the true potential of this day, there would be no more crime. Well, violent crime, that is.

What is this 'Conference?' Simple. A get-together of the nation's CEOs, financiers, politicians, and any other mover-and-shaker. It's just one of many; they take place all around the country. I usually tend to go to the one in Aspen, but that's just because I like a change of scenery. We all meet up and rent a luxury resort (preferably nice and isolated), staffed of course with well-paid security details. Could they turn on us? Sure. But why would they? We don't bring any cash or assets for them to steal, and we pay them well enough to not need to loot like the rest of the population. And they know that the conference attendees are powerful; powerful enough to exact revenge any other day of the year. And did I mention how much we pay them?

And what do we do there? Business. *Real* business. Insider trading is probably my specialty. I'm an information broker, so I make sure that we all get the right juicy tidbits for our late-afternoon stock purchases. One day on the market, and everyone at the Conference has their portfolio set for the year. Pensions and middle class mutual funds can take a bath the other 364 days a year when the information is slowly released to the public. 

That's just me, though. There are all sorts of other good deals to be found at the Conference. Are anti-trust laws getting in the way of you cementing 100% market share for your company? Not on Purge Day they're not. The Federal Trade Commission shuts down just like every other local law enforcement company. Want to conduct a hostile takeover and shareholders are getting in your way? Company bylaws have no effect on Purge Day either. Or how about some good old fashioned book cooking? The Conference hosts a big get-together to fudge the numbers and make it look like the company is doing *just fine*. Not illegal if you get it all done on Purge Day!

We get all of our work done during the day, have a magnificent party with *lots* of sexual harassment that evening... and then go back to work the next day as if nothing ever happened while the rest of you people are cleaning up the mess from the night before. We pretend like we were at home cowering in our mansions as if we didn't have anything better to do.

Let the poor kill each other in the streets. Some of us know the *real* reason that the nation's most powerful citizens agreed to make *everything* legal one day a year.:

**A band of bloodthirsty goblins is charging at you - what medieval weapon do you choose to defend yourself? Justify your answer**

----

Grinning faces with long hooked noses loomed out of the darkness that surrounded my little campsite. Their green skin turned a sickly brown in the flickering firelight, and their pointed ears cast long shadows against the tree trunks at the edge of the clearing. Some of them carried long, knobby cudgels while others had daggers that reflected the orange flames. Their weapons weren't the clean steel types that elves and men bore; they were rusted and pockmarked, made of scrap iron that these vultures had picked off of travelers and melted into crude blades. 

"Oh, oh!" One of them stepped forward, closer to the fire. "Wot's this then? Having some supper?" This was the only one that carried a full-length sword; clearly the leader of the  pack. He turned back to his companions, and his grin stretched even wider. "Well that's certainly a coincidence, 'cause we was looking for a nice meal usselves!" The rest surrounded me in a rough half circle; behind me, my tent and wagon blocked a quick escape.

I stood from my log, spoon from stirring the stew still in hand. I thrust it toward them, and a bean fell off the end and into the dirt. "And you thought *I* would be an easy target, is that it?"

The goblin cackled and waved the sword around. "We sure did!"

I chuckled, wiped the spoon on my sleeve to clean it off, and pointed it straight at the lead goblin's face. "Well, that was your first mistake."

His grin wavered just a bit, and though he tried to hide it I could see the confusion in his eyes. "Big talk," he said, advancing a step toward me. "For a... uh..." I could practically hear the gears turning in his head as he tried to come up with some insult. "For a lit'l girl!" That didn't quite shake my confidence as expected, and a few of his men took a step back. "A girl with a spoon!"

"If that's all I am, then come on," I told the goblin. "Make your first move."

The other goblins around the fire looked toward their leader, then back at me, then at each other. "That..." the lead goblin stammered. His eyes narrowed, suspicious but not quite sure I was bluffing. "I..." He held his sword straight up in the air; clearly no one had ever taught him how to actually use it. "I don't need to do it myself!" That would be an easy way out, he concluded. He gestured toward one of his companions holding a stick with some nails poking through the top. "Get her, Drubs!"

None of them moved. "I dunno, Wartfoot..." one of them (presumably Drubs) said softly, as if I somehow wouldn't be able to hear him. "She's got robes on!"

The leader, Wartfoot, turned and spat at his companion. "Robes don't mean nothing!" he roared. 

"Well, yeah..." Drubs answered. "But she's got that.... maybe it's a wand!"

"It's a *spoon!*" Wartfoot shouted. "We saw her stirrin' that soup there! She's not a witch or nothing!"

Drubs took a step back closer to the trees. "Well then why don't you get her?" 

Wartfoot looked back toward me and hid behind his sword. His brow twitched and his lips wiggled, alternating between a grimace and a snarl. His mind was working overtime, and I could almost see the steam coming out of his ears from his poor goblin brain overheating. Every rumor he'd ever heard about the power of witches was now racing through his mind. 

"I'll let you pick," I taunted him. "I can either add you to my brew..." I gestured down at the bubbling pot of stew in front of me, "Or you can just live out the rest of your life as a frog. Hells, by the looks of those warts you're already halfway there!" I laughed, and the sound of it bounced off of the trees and around the camp. The acoustics made it seem unnaturally loud; almost unearthly. All of the other goblains took a few more steps back, trying to melt back into the forest. 

Wartfoot also took another step back. Losing face in front of his men was becoming less and less of a concern. "You're not worth the trouble," he said, still holding up his sword. 

"Gooool Mah Fen Roooo..." I started to chant nonsense, waving my spoon at the stars above. "Tof Der Men..."

Wartfoot didn't wait to see what the 'spell' would do. He and the other goblins turned tail and ran back into the darkness as fast as possible, even dropping their weapons in the dirt in their headling rush to escape. The sounds of them crashing through the brush and arguing with each other grew more and more distant until finally the clearing was quiet again.

"You enjoyed that, didn't you?" Enthor, my bodyguard, asked from the tent where he'd been resting. 

"A little bit." I stirred the stew, noting that I couldn't quite stop smiling. 

"At least tell me you had your knife on you," he chided me as he stepped out of the tent. "*Some* weapon you could use in case he rushed you and got there before I could interfere."

I laughed and tasted my soup to see if it was ready. "Why bother? You know I don't need weapons to defend myself."

----

If you enjoyed this story, you should also**[WP] You got a genie, congratulations! Enjoy your three wishes. Beware though as he'll do his best to warp your wishes to try and make you regret them. There is some good news though. He's really bad at doing that.**

---

I sipped my pina colada and adjusted my sunglasses to protect against the dazzling bright rays.

"Oh yes," the Genie whispered in my left ear. "Someday soon."

I ignored him. I focused on the gentle waves lapping against the white sand beach of my own private island. A group of dolphins frolicked playfully in the surf, emitting high pitched squeals as they jumped. On the cliffs above the bay, the windows of my mansion sparkled; the cleaners had come by just yesterday. 24 bedrooms of sheer comfort and bliss.

The Genie floated over to my right ear "You'll soon learn wha..."

"Ok, enough," I told him. I took off my sunglasses and looked him in the beady eyes. "You've been talking about these 'dire consequences' for like seven months now. And so far, nothing. I've been living in *paradise* here in Bermuda with not a care in the damn world. And you keep talking like it's all going to come crashing down around me."

"All wishes have a catch, dear boy," he waved his hands and conjured images of other men who had used other genies to get what they wanted. Napoleon wishing to rule Europe, but neglecting to say 'permanently,' Jesus wishing for eternal fame but not realizing it come come at the expense of his death, etc etc. 

"Right," I told him. "So what's the catch here?"

"Oh, I've prepared a very special surprise for you. See, you wished for an absurd amount of money, but you forgot one thing..."

He lingered dramatically. What? Hypothetical disasters crowded my mind. Everyone I love will only care about me for my money? Someone is going rob me and kill me for it? I'll go Howard Hughes crazy and stop bathing?

"Taxes," the Genie said finally.

I waited for the rest of it. He crossed his little arms and stared at me with a haughty grin. We were both silent, waiting for more. 

"That's it?" I said finally.

"Oh yes," he said. "And not the *capital gains* rate of 15%, my friend. No, no: when you bring your money into the United States, you'll be paying *the very top bracket* of *39.6%*!" He held his hands up to the sky and cackled like a comic book supervillain.

A gentle breeze pushed through the palms and tousled my hair a bit. A tropical bird squawked in the distance.

"That's all?"

His eyes narrowed. "I'm not sure you're grasping exactly how much money we're talking about here," he said.

"Yeah, I do actually. 39% of 40 billion dollars is a lot of money, but I'll still have an *ungodly* amount left. More than I could ever spend in a lifetime. And my punishment is that I'd have to give some to the government so that they can pay for medicare and all that? And that's *if* I repatriate it back to the U.S., correct?"

The genie's grin faded a bit. "Yes," he answered slowly, not sure exactly where I was going with this.

"So if I just leave it offshore here in Bermuda, then I don't have to pay anything."

"No!" he said emphatically. "Because if you invest it, you'd still have to pay taxes on your earnings! Ahah!!" There was a detectable undercurrent of desperation in his voice.

"So if I even *wanted* to invest my almost limitless billions and make *even more* money, then I just need to talk to an investment adviser on shelter investments. Correct?"

"Well," he started, clearly not having foreseen this particular loophole, "I guess that would be the case." His smile, so victorious after announcing his master plan, had turned into a disappointed sneer.

I leaned back in the recliner and picked up my drink again. "Ok, I'll do that. Thanks for the advice!" Out in the bay, a dolphin chittered in agreement.

"Fine," he said, curling into a wisp of smoke and returning to his bottle to pout, "But just you *wait* till your second wish! Then I'll *really* get you good!"**[WP] A handful of people have been born with a dumb and useless superpower. The government has made sure to not let two of these people make contact with each other because when these two useless powers combine the world will be at risk. One day two of these people accidently meet**

----


I go by the name Polly now. It's not the one I was born with, but it's been my nickname as long as I can remember. It has nothing to do with parrots, which most people assume right away. They usually find out the real reason pretty quickly: it's based on the word "Polygraph." A lie detector. 

I was born with a power: people tell me the truth. *Always*. Yes, like that Jim Carrey movie. Anyone within one hundred yards of me is unable to ever lie.  And not just outright falsehoods. No lies by Omission. No misrepresentations. No nothing. I somehow make everything come out completely true.

Normally, the government tries to keep us isolated. "Us" meaning those people born with powers, like me. I know that they exist, but I don't know if *they* know there are others. Not all of them are able to turn an FBI interrogation around like I can and get a lot of useful information out of the agent. 

In my case, however, I am very valuable to the government. Sure, it ruins my personal relationships and I have no friends, but at least it's useful for checking security clearances. After clearing the CIA of a number of moles, the President has decided to employ me personally. I'm young, only 16, but they just tell people that I'm an intern. I sit and "take notes" at cabinet meetings, which usually means I just doodle in my notebook. I don't have to be paying attention for the powers to work. To their dismay, officials find themselves unable to hide how poorly things are run in their departments . God, if only the press got wind of all of this! Don't worry; I'm kept far away from the White House briefing room; the Press Secretary would be eaten alive if I were next to her.

Today, we get to travel. It's usually my favorite type of assignment, but we are going to Moscow today and I am *not* a big fan of the cold. Nor am I a fan of President Demitrov; something about him gives me chills. He has shark eyes: ruthless and emotionless. That's probably why the President wants me by his side. 

The summit was something about Nuclear Disarmament. I couldn't quite follow along; lots of technical information about missiles and stuff. I'm just lucky I didn't fall asleep. But the President seemed pretty satisfied with their progress. 

After the meeting, I met President Demitrov face to face. "You must be Polly," he said, leaning in close and overpowering my senses with the scent of his cologne. I smiled demurely and tried to excuse myself, but he grasped my wrist. 

"I wanted to personally thank you for attending." A chill went down my spine. "The President is so happy with all of the promises that I've been making, and thanks to your presence, he actually believes me."**[WP] For the first time in quite some while, the first hint of life on an otherwise barren planet has just appeared. Now all the unemployed gods are polishing up their resumes and double-checking their references. Interviews begin soon.**

----

“Didn’t you hear?” Odin called out as he barged into Tonatiuh’s room. None of the Norse gods ever had the courtesy to knock, which often made things awkward with the fertility gods. “Life has evolved a few galaxies over!”

“I heard,” Tonatiuh answered. He sat by the window as he always did, looking out over the blue, green, and white globe below. His eyes flickered to the door long enough to recognize that Odin was wearing a suit and tie instead of his normal mead-stained blue tunic, and had put on his formal eyepatch. It wasn’t surprising, though; all of the other gods in the dorm were preparing to go stake their claim on the new planet and wanted to make a good first impression.

“Well why aren’t you *packed*, Tony? I know the rest of the Aztec pantheon is going… not that they’ll have a chance. These new guys are gonna be Norse through and through. I can just feel it. Finally some good warriors for Valhalla! We haven’t had a new recruit since the end of the Viking raids.”

Tonatiuh nodded. “Good luck, then.” He turned back to Earth out the window.

“Come on, Tony,” Odin said, knowing that Tonatiuh hated that nickname. “Forget the humans, OK?” He strode across the room and threw the curtains closed over the window so that Earth was no longer visible. “They turned their backs on you *centuries* ago. On *both of us*. How long has it been since you last got that sacrifice you’ve been wanting for so long?” Tonatiuh didn’t answer; it had been a long time. “Humans are the past, Tony,” Odin said. “We have a chance to *start over!* This new species could be the real deal! Unlimited loyalty and faith, no questioning our will... just *think* of all the possibilities!”

Tonatiuh had heard pretty much the same arguments before. From Huitzilopochtli and the rest of the Mesoamerican clan. From Zeus and his whole dysfunctional family. From Ra and Osiris, Cernunnos and Epona…. From pretty much every god who felt that the humans had grown rebellious and ungrateful, which was pretty much *everyone*. And Tonatiuh couldn’t deny the appeal of an endless stream of gratitude and sacrifice. His few remaining followers in the isolated villages of Central America were quickly dwindling, and when the last one died or stopped believing… well, he didn’t like to think about that. 

“So?” Odin said. “Are you with us? We’re taking Apollo’s chariot out tomorrow; I can find you a spot if you’d like.”

The room was quiet for a bit. “I’ve made my decision,” Tonatiuh finally answered. He opened the curtains, filling the room with natural sunlight once again. Below, it was just about dawn in Mesoamerica, and the prayers would be rolling in soon. Well, trickling in: Tonatiuh was lucky to get one a day now. But he’d made a commitment to the humans, vowing to be their caretaker. Just because they’d forgotten their end of the bargain didn’t mean that the whole thing was void. Tonatiuh still had hope that one day they’d remember. 

“Your loss, Tony,” Odin said, shaking his head in disbelief. “But don’t come crying to me when my new servants come to Earth and crush those ungrateful little snots into dust.” He headed back out into the hall and slammed the door behind him. 

The sun rose over Guatemala, and the first prayer of the day drifted upwards to Tonatiuh. The daughter of a faithful villager was sick, and their village was too isolated to reach a hospital in time. At the same time that he prayed to Tonatiuh, the man also prayed to Yahweh for help. That didn’t bother Tonatiuh… or at least, that’s what he told himself. 

Happy to have something to do, Tonatiuh sent a vision to the village’s local healer who still practiced traditional medicine. She would suddenly be inspired to go gather some herbs that grew in the jungle. He then plucked at the chords of fate a bit to ensure that she would chance upon the man and inquire as to what was wrong. The little girl would be cured within the day, and the man’s prayer would be answered. 

Tonatiuh watched it all play out just as he had coordinated. Within hours, the girl’s fever broke. By sunset, she was able to get out of bed. As she wrapped her arms around her father’s neck and he cried tears of joy into her hair, Tonatiuh was satisfied that he had made the right decision to not leave abandon his humans. The few that remained, anyway.**[WP] Getting tired of always being called upon when the police deem a case un-solvable, you take up a 9 to 5 job. You use your brilliant deductive skills to attempt to make sales and upset almost every customer who speaks to you. You are Sherlock Holmes, used car salesman.**

----

"You're here for a sports car. A convertible, I'm sure. Something with enough horsepower to blow that toupee straight off your head."

The man fidgeted with his fake hair uncomfortably and tried to brush a few strands over his sunburnt forehead. "Err, who are you?"

"Sherlock Holmes." The man stuck his pudgy hand out for a shake, but Sherlock just looked at it with a glance of disdain and kept his own hands clasped behind his back. "You're going to want the 2003 Mustang." he nodded to the back of the parking lot.

The man finally took the hint and let his hand drop back down to his side. "Well, I'm really just here to browse..." he answered. 

"Of course you are," Sherlock said. "Come, I'll get the keys and show you the vehicle I have in mind." Without waiting for a confirmation from the customer, he turned back to the office and marched briskly away. 

"I'm not sure if..." the man huffed, trying to keep up as they crossed the sea of black asphalt baking in the summer sun.

"If you're in the market for a sports car," Sherlock finished for him. "Of course you are."

"What makes you..."

"You're in your late fifties," Sherlock stopped mid-stride and turned to the man, boring into him with his piercing, commanding gaze. "You've had an affair recently as part of your mid-life crisis. Resentment had been building up in your marriage for a long time and you finally allowed your animal lust to take over. With your secretary, yes?"

The man gaped like a fish. 

"Your wife found out, naturally. Part of you wanted to get caught. The divorce has certainly been messy, and she has hired a top-notch lawyer to milk you for every cent you've got. You, on the other hand, have decided to embrace the single life. You've been going out to bars and clubs, trying to meet women only to realize that it's much more difficult than in your youthful college days when all you had to do was press a fruity drink into a young lady's hand and tell her your name. Being an accountant isn't quite as sexy as you'd thought, is it? You've realized that your age and comfortable lifestyle have caught up with you, and you go home alone every night. And you've come here hoping that a flashy new car will be able to show these girls the perks of being with a *much* older man. But you don't have a lot of money, due to the aforementioned divorce. So you're looking for something that *seems* expensive, at a discounted price. *That* is why you're going to buy the blue Mustang in the corner."

"How did you..."

"Oh, please," Sherlock sneered. "You might as well buy a neon sign to carry around on your back with all of this information listed out. It's plain as day. You have a pile of work documents in your car, a 1996 Mercedes from back when you still had money. You have a smudge of lipstick on your collar, which would *appear* to indicate that the affair with your secretary is still ongoing, except for the fact that it appears to be at least two weeks old and the shirt has not been washed. You smell faintly of gin. You've got two faded entrance stamps on your hand. There are circles under your eyes and a tan line where your wedding ring used to be. And that toupee looks more like a piece of carpeting than a natural hairstyle. Now please stop wasting time so that I can go fetch the keys and get this damnable transaction over with."

The bell chimed as Sherlock entered the office and left the customer standing in shock on the pavement.

----

Sherlock returned to the office 45 minutes later and sat down at his desk with a sigh.

His boss looked down from his newspaper. "You make the sale?" 

Sherlock put his feet up on the desk. "Yep."

"Good." The boss went back to reading, then paused.

"You make this one cry, too?"

Sherlock shrugged. "Yep."**[WP] Where do bad guys get their legions of goons? Well, it's all thanks to you. You specialize in supplying grunts of a wide variety to aspiring super villains, whether they need masked men with bad aim or hideous/sexy merfolk to guard their underwater lair.**

----

“I need an *army* of *mole men*,” the very-creatively-named Mole Man shrieked. “With noses that can detect incoming heroes from *miles* away. And big gnashing claws!” He held up his own hands and wiggled his stubby fingers, no doubt imagining them with claws. “And… and… giant…”

“I think I get what you’re going for,” I interrupted him with my most calming tone. Sometimes these villains can get a little worked up in describing their dream henchmen. “We can certainly offer you the very best mole minions to do your underground bidding, Mole Man.” I’d gotten quite good at suppressing my urge to laugh while working here. “They’ll have claws like you’ve never seen before! And they’ll be great diggers.”

“Excellent!” His nose twitched wildly like a scared mouse, and he rubbed his hands together in that way that all villains seem to pick up from each other. But he did it a bit *too* enthusiastically; it nearly sent the 4”5’ man toppling off of his chair. “And you say they’ll be part man, part mole?”

“Absolutely.” I swiveled in my chair and dug through my stack of pamphlets. Past the robot and/or cyborg option, past faceless soldiers with so-called weapons training, past super ninjas with troubled pasts… “Ah, here we go!” I plucked the human/animal genetic abomination pamphlet off of the rack. “You are familiar with our work on Grizzly’s bearmen, yes?”

“Of course!” He was starting to get that wild gleam in his eyes that meant the deal was pretty much done. Supervillains are the biggest suckers out there. You show them a shiny new toy like an army of human-bear hybrids and they just *have* to have one of their own. “Most excellent work.”

“We can absolutely do mole men for you,” I said. “We just need you to sign our standard form contract here.” I pulled one of the binders from my drawer and thumped all six hundred pages of it onto the desk. Mole Man’s eyes widened behind his coke bottle glasses. “Just a standard agreement, saying that we will provide you with the best army that money can buy.”

“600 pages to say that?” he responded.

“Well there are the standard legal disclaimers…” I said. Like that we make no guarantee of their combat abilities or training. Or that they’ll even be semi-competent henchmen. Once they leave the lab, they’re not our responsibility anymore. “But come on. You’ve *seen* those Bear Men in action, right?!”

Mole Man forgot all about reading over those disclaimers and signed immediately. They always do. I could have tried upselling him to the cyborg mole men, but I figured that would be better for the second round. After his first army gets crushed by the first hero to come along, he’ll no doubt be back for more. And of course I’ll be here to tell him that if they had lasers mounted to their snouts, they would have done better. 

“Pleasure doing business with you,” I told him as I ushered him to the door. “They’ll be fully grown in six to eight weeks.” 

I headed back to my desk and waited a few minutes, just to be sure he was really gone. From my window, I watched him emerge from our office and then head into the parking lot and begin digging straight through the concrete, kicking up a flurry of rocks and dirt all over my BMW. *I’m putting the detailing on his tab,* I decided. Then I reached for my phone.

“Hey, Sergeant Lightning? This is Greg over at HenchCo.”

“GREG!” Every time I spoke to him, it was like he was shouting full blast into the receiver on the other end. I’d only *ever* had contact with him by phone because I fear that any in-person meeting might shatter my eardrums. I had to hold the phone at arm’s length just to have a conversation with him. “WHATCHA GOT FOR ME TODAY?”

“Ah, you know. The usual. This *Mole Man* came over looking for some help in his villainy.”

“MOLE MAN, EH? I’VE FACED HIM BEFORE! HE’S TRIED TUNNELING INTO BANK VAULTS LIKE SIX TIMES!”

“I thought that might be the case. Well, just thought you should know that he’s placed a pretty sizable order. A whole army of human-mole hybrids.” I looked out the window at the giant hole in our parking lot and smirked. “And of course we’ll make them to our high level of quality, as always.”

Sergeant Lightning laughed. “WHAT’S IT GOING TO BE THIS TIME?”

“Well, they’re part *mole*, right? They’ll definitely be blind. And just for fun, scared of birds or something.” I pictured them running through the streets, bumping into buildings and cars every time a seagull passed overhead. “It’ll be *hilarious!*"

“HILARIOUS!” Sergeant Lightning agreed. "GOOD WORK THERE, GREG!"**[WP] There is a device that assigns you a percentage score of how important you are to the world. Most people are 0-5. The president is 60. Your score just jumped from 1 to 99.**

---

The limousine rolled to a stop in front of the arena. Red and blue lights from my police escort flashed bright even through the dark tinted windows. Policemen had created a line between my car and the mob of spectators, but what good could a few hundred cops do if the hundred-thousand-strong crowd decided they wanted a closer look at me?

The butterflies in my stomach had worked themselves into a churning frenzy, and I was afraid to move a muscle for fear of unleashing the contents of my stomach. "I just need a minute," I told the driver, who was already halfway out of the car to come open my door. I still wasn't used to people doing stuff for me; that certainly didn't happen when I was a small-town electrician ranked at a whooping "1" out of hundred. 

"Very good, your excellency." It took me a minute to remember that he was talking to me. No one quite knew how to refer to me because no one knew exactly what I was. The president, widely regarded as the most powerful man in the world, was only a 60. Hell, the Pope was only at 42! No one had ever seen anything higher than a 72, and yet here I was with 99. I'd seen some of the cable news shows arguing about whether I was going to form a unified world government and rule humanity, or whether I was the antichrist here to destroy us all. And I would have preferred either of those definite answers to all this horrific uncertainty. 

I opened the door for myself and was assaulted by a wave of sound. Screaming fans, protesters hurling insults, music playing within the stadium, police sirens, news helicopters droning overhead. A squad of bodyguards immediately surrounded me and ushered me in through the back entrance.

Backstage wasn’t anymore peaceful than the screaming throngs on the street. Anyone who was anyone had apparently pulled strings to get a pass. Hell, I saw rockstars and famous celebrities working the lights just for a *chance* to be near me. Everyone wanted a moment of my time. I barely had time to shake hands with the Governor before I was pulled away by the Secretary of Defense who was then shoved aside by the Dalai Lama. I was caught in a whirlwind of questions that I had no answers to, and I desperately threw out any excuse I could think of to not answer them. 

Finally I was ushered onto the stage, where Saul Capman was already waiting. I’d seen him a million times before doing interviews on TV, but I never thought I’d be the one crossing the stage and shaking his hand in front of a thousand cameras and a stadium full of people. 

“The man of the hour!” his voice boomed through speakers larger than my house. The crowd answered with a roar and a wave of applause louder than a jet engine. We took our seats on the stage, and Saul jumped right into the interview. “There have been many, many questions swirling around you, young man! Some have suggested that you should run for the Presidency next term, to the point that a constitutional amendment was passed to repeal the 'above the age of 35' requirement....” The crowd erupted again, and I noticed that some of them had banners with my name and ‘2020’ stamped on them. “Others have suggested that you’re a religious icon.” More shouts and cheers from the audience. “And still others have suggested that you’re working on some top-secret revolutionary scientific discovery!” The audience was going to completely wild now. “So, the very first question we all have for you is: what’s it going to be?”

I tried to swallow the lump in my throat, gazing out over the crowd. It was the question I’d asked myself ever since I got the unexpected results of my reading. Why me? What had I ever done? My biggest accomplishment in life up to this point was being the second-string quarterback on my high school football team. 

The crowd fell silent awaiting my response. And that’s when the answer hit me. It didn’t matter who I was. These people loved me for my number. They’d follow a religion I started just because they knew it mattered. They’d vote for me as president because they already knew I was important. The old me was gone, and the new me could be *anything I wanted*.

I grinned and spoke into the microphone: “All of the above, Saul.”

----

If you liked this, you should read !