XcessiveSmash
“Are you going to stay up all night?” she asked. 

“Burning through the midnight oil, honey, a contract terminates today,” I said. “Have to stay up.” It wasn’t a lie exactly, but I still hated to lie to her. She gave me a ghost of a smile – she knew something wasn’t right, but she kissed me slightly on the lips anyways and drifted back into the bedroom. God, I loved her.

I hoped I would still be the man she loved at the end of tonight. 

I was sitting on a couch in my high-rise apartment in New York City. I could make out the skyline from the huge glass windows that dominated the wall. I walked up to the windows and looked down on the streets. 3 am and still people dotted the sidewalks, taxis drove up and down the streets. Truly, the City that Never Sleeps.

Ten years ago, I wasn’t on those streets. I was leeching off friends and exes, moving from house to house, blaming the world for my faults. I was blind – I just couldn’t see beyond that life, couldn’t imagine there was something more. I didn’t *want* to move beyond that life. I was unmotivated.

Yet here I was today.

The portal made no noise as it opened. It was an orange circle in the reflection of the glass, and the midget demon stepped out. I turned around and found a bit of satisfaction that its slitted eyes went a bit wide when I did. 

“There something funny, human?” the demon growled. 

I realized I’d been smirking just because I’d thought the words “midget demon,” and controlled myself as I did in meetings and such. It also helped control my own surprise. The hair around my ankle still hadn’t grown back, even after ten years, but a part of me had hoped that I’d hallucinated it, that I was myself responsible for my own rise. 

But the universe has a way of kicking you in the balls. 

“Come, human,” the demon said and then showed me its teeth. “Or would you like to reminisce on old times?” He mimed grabbing a leg and pulling me into the portal. 

I shook my head and chuckled. “Not needed,” I said and dug out a strip of black cloth from my pocket. “I even brought my own blindfold.” 

The demon gestured for me to follow, and I stepped thorough the portal, putting my blindfold on as I did.  

“Less struggling this time,” the second demon said. The same one as last time – I hoped at least. Then it spoke to me. “Human, you have come to witness the end of the bet that was initiated ten years ago.”

Despite it all, despite walking through a portal with an honest-to-god demon, I’d still hoped that I didn’t owe anyone, human or demon, anything, that I was responsible for my own success. That all shattered with that sentence. 

“As much as I hate to say it, I lost,” the second demon said. The one who’d given me the gift of motivation. 

I gave a start. “That makes no sense!"

“That was kind of the point, human,” the first demon said, and I could make out the smugness in its voice. “We gave you absolutely nothing. We changed nothing about you. The bet was not whether artificial motivation would lead you to success, of course it would, there's no question about that. The bet was whether if you *thought* you had outside motivation would lead you to success. I’d thought that humans are not limited physically, but just psychologically.”

“So…you didn’t give me anything.”

If it were a person, the first demon would be rolling its eyes. “Yes, human, that is what I just said. You were able to achieve success not because there was any real change, but just because you thought it was. A self-fulfilling prophecy, so to say.”

“No need to rub it in,” the second demon sulked. 

“A placebo…” I breathed, still stunned.

And just like that, I was back in front of the huge windows. 

I stared out the window, at New York City, at my own reflection. I turned around and took in the modern sofa, the huge TV, my beautiful wife – I looked at my life, how different it was from my life just ten years ago. 

And I found myself laughing.***
The City loomed in the horizon.
 
The gleaming towers and bright lights served as sharp contrast to the blood stains that littered the ground, the corpses that hung from the trees. 
 
And the monsters of course.
 
They hung back, afraid of the light emanating from my sword which I held at the ready. Some had wings, some had sharp teeth, some were the size of my foot, other big as houses. None however could hold a candle to the monsters that resided in the City.

In another life, another time I might have sent up a prayer to God, but I know now that he doesn’t exist, so I don’t waste my breath. My sword and my staff – that was all I needed. I will either live by them or die by them. 

As I walked one monster gathered up the courage to attack me. It was small, really, just about my size. Huge fangs, the head of a crow, and had scales covering his body. There was no chance I’d lose to it, but this wasn’t about winning – it was about sending a message. If the thing so much as touched me I was dead – the monsters would see I was vulnerable, that I could be harmed, and they would swarm me.  

The monster was leaping towards my back. It would’ve been simple to just step aside and stab it once it fell, but again – this was about sending a message. So I turned around and caught the thing by the throat. I brought out staff to the thing’s face and slammed it on the ground and called up the Power of Faith. Faith not in God, but in Man. 

A grayish flash emanated from the staff, and the monster’s entire upper torso just…vanished. Its bottom took a few uncertain steps and collapsed, twitching. I turned around and walked away, not looking back. 

Not a single monster attacked me the rest of the way. 

When I drew closer to the city I could make out the crowd by the gates. The crowd I found out after my exile that surrounded every city in this cursed place. Many were dressed in rags, bore wounds. Many were crying, others were angry, but most were silent. They were staring at the enormous solid ebony gates at least fifty feet tall – as tall as the wall. I pushed past the crowd, but there was no need. Men saw me and moved away hundreds of them. Young, old, man, woman. The sea of men parted before me, exposing the blood red ground below. 

In the crowd I could make out a certain young man and woman. The man glared at me, but the woman gave me a smile and inclined her head. I allowed myself a brief smile. They had survived. That was good. 

Before long I was in front of the gates. The gates bore a picture of a horrific figure with the face of a lion and a long tongue that fell to its stomach. Its hands were claws and the feet were sheathed in fur. Only the torso was human. I had no idea what religion this city belonged to, but it was a minor one. Still too proud to let in their fellow humans, though. 

I tapped my staff on the ground once, twice, and there was a flash of gray Human Faith. When I spoke, my voice boomed across the field of death.

“I demand these gates be opened!” I said. 

Silence. 

“Open the Gates!” I roared again.

No response.

I took a deep breath. “Thrice I ask thee, and for the final time. Open. These. Gates!”

A lone voice finally answered. “And in whose name?” I looked up to see a lone guard standing atop the wall. 

“In the name of Man,” I said. 

The guard laughed. “These gates open only to the followers of Quiza, and perhaps to emissaries of other Gods. Not to you, scum,” he said and spat. By some miracle it managed to land a couple of feet in front of me, where it was swallowed up by the red ground. Blood and spit – that was what this land craved. 

“I warned you,” I said, and took a step towards the Gates.

“What are you doing, man?” the guard asked. I ignored and brought my staff to bear again. I tapped it on the ground, once, twice, three times. The Magic sense what I wanted and the staff was coated in a gray light. 

The guard recoiled at the color. Gray, tainted. The Power of the Gods was pure white. “Heresy,” he said, his voice still carrying the awe and fear. 

But it was the crowd behind me whose reaction I appreciated. There were gasps and cries of joy. As if they knew what it was. A power derived from them, not from God. Someone behind me started to cry. 

I swung the staff at the Gate. 

The Gates rung like a bell. A gong reverberated throughout the fields, like some great clock tower. 

The Gates held. 

I swing again, and again the Gates bellowed in protest. A large dent had appeared all through the middle. It was as if the figure on the gates, Quiza, was coming apart. I was sure the guard was shouting something, but I couldn’t hear him. He didn’t matter anymore. It was just me, my power, and these Gates.

I swung again, and knew it would be the last time. There was no gong this time, just a sharp crack, as the gates gave in and collapsed inwards. There were some screams as the gates fell with a loud thud. 

The humans inside, no the monsters, the people who turned on their fellow species for the favor of a God, cried in terror. The outcasts, the beggars, the exiles, my People, bellowed in joy. 

“W…what are you,” the guard asked, the awe and fear plain in his voice, “Are you some kind of God, or a demon?”

As I walked in to the city, the City I resolved would be the first of many, I answered. “No God, just Man.”

***

Next part within 24 hours! Please DO NOT set up a remindMe, I've already done it. Just click on the link of already existing RemindMe in the comments. Thank you!I didn’t like this. 
 
Obrek and I were at the place he had specified he had lost contact with the expedition team. “It was right here then?” I asked him, mentally of course. Sound couldn’t travel in space. 
 
He turned away from the gas giant we were buy and looked back at me, his dark hair impeccably combed, and his blue eyes narrowed. He nodded, “Yes, Keira,” he said with a slight smile. Kos, I hated when he called me that and he knew it. “But you know how mental links are, at distances like these, there can be slight inaccuracies in distance, a couple hundred kilometers or so or so.” 
 
“So what do we do, from here, Obrek? What the hell is it that you’re so excited about anyways?” I asked, brushing my long hair out of the way. 
 
“I don’t know exactly, Keira, I’ve told you already,” Obrek said, tossing his head, “ I just got excitement, extreme excitement, from the Mental Link before the expedition leader severed the link. Anyways, I think we should split up, we can cover more ground that way,” he offered, and then grinned. “It has the added benefit of us not having to see each other’s faces." 
 
I narrowed my eyes, Obrek was up to something for sure. He hadn’t wanted to come at all, I’d had to get him into a corner, so to say, to even have him with me right now. And he wanted us to split up?  “We should...split up? In the middle of nowhere, where a whole crew of mages had disappeared?” I asked. 
 
“Why, you afraid?” Obrek grinned. 
 
I rolled my eyes, “fine whatever, I-”
 
“Alright, you check towards the star, I’ll go in the opposite direction, it has to be in orbit around this planet whatever, it is,” he said. 
 
“You know what, Obrek, I think I’ll go, the other way, you take towards the sun,” I said, and began travelling that way, extending my senses as I did. Obrek’s smile froze, and it took great effort on my part to not grin, “there a problem, Obrek?” 
 
He almost attacked me then, like he’d done at the Council Meeting when I’d taunted him. His eyes flashed dangerously, his fingers twitched, the guy was like an open book. He couldn’t take me though, we both knew it, not one on one, not in a fair fight. 
 
So Imagine my surprise when he did attack. 
 
Only because I had my senses extended, sensitive to any movement, physical or energy based, was I able to react in time. He launched a bolt of energy at me, and I turned around and focused a shield. A bit of heat crept through, but I was otherwise unharmed. 
 
“Are you insane?” I called out to him, but he just launched another bolt of energy. 
 
This time I was prepared, so I shaped my shield in such a way to reflect the bolt right back at him. He wasn’t expecting that and the shot threw him backwards, he had barely managed a shield in time. 
 
I pressed my advantage, launching bolt after bolt of my own now. All he could do was concentrate on the defense now, barely deflecting bolt as they came, some even hitting him. He kept on falling further and further back. 
 
“You know, I thought this would’ve been more of a fight Obrek, looks like you were just full of hot air,” I said, as I prepped a large bolt. 
 
“I’d thought so too, Keira,” Obrek said, and smiled. 
 
Oh shit.
 
He wasn’t that weak, he had been falling back on purpose, luring me in the direction he’d wanted to go - towards the sun. As if one cue, a voice, not Obrek, spoke, “We warned you guys. Do not come near Earth!” 
 
At the very edges of senses I felt two metal tubes approaching us at sub-light speeds. I had about 10 seconds to make a decision. The best choice was to stay, no way a Lesser Race could actually harm one of us, but there had to be a reason Obrek had lead me here. I had to be cautious. As if one cue, I felt Obrek begin to teleport. 
 
Oh no you don’t. 
 
I teleported next to him and put my palm against his head. “You aren’t going anywhere, Obrek,” I said. 
 
“Are you insane?! We’ll both die,” he said, real panic seeping into his voice. 
 
“Then help me, dammit, Shields up!” I said. 

“I hate you, Keira,” Obrek said. 
 
“Feeling’s mutual, Obrek, now focus on surviving,” I said, just as both the tubes heading towards us exploded with a blinding flash. 

***||
***

I’d never been impressed by heaven. 

It was a plain of white, no cover, no deformation, just a uniform white plain, with a bit of fog that rose about an inch above the ground. Apparently it gave the appearance that you were walking on clouds. Gold structures stood around, some as squat as houses, some stretching so far into the sky that no top was in sight even though there were no clouds. It was bland, boring. I’d always thought it needed something to spice it up.

Like an army, perhaps. A good old-fashioned war. 

The humans had set up makeshift buildings around the portal we’d managed to open. It had just been a matter of time, everyone had known it. Angels and Demons were static, unchanging, but humans wanted to improve, wanted *more.* I’d always sympathized with that. As War, I’d been all about change – I’d never fit in, not even amongst Angels and Demons. Not even amongst my own bretheren…

“Ms. President? It’s not safe here.”

The voice snapped me out of my reverie and I looked down to Bill, my human babysitter. I believe they called it assistant or adviser, but not for war – no, those I listened to. The Human strategists were truly brilliant – but this man advised me, poorly, on my public image. 

“The people need to see me,” I said and lifted my chin up. “I am a symbol.” I was standing on a observation tower humans had erected, a network of crossing metal and a platform at the top. People passed by, holding their old guns and their new Hellfire-based weaponry. Again, they showed their brilliance. Never had Hellfire used in applications like this. They put it inside metal containers and leveled cities. Small containers inside their “guns” fired small spurts of charged plasma. 

One of the Human Scientists had explained it to me. Hellfire apparent solved some long-standing problem humans had had. Sustainable Nuclear Fusion it had been. I’d been genuinely intrigued – call it a professional curiosity of War incarnate – but I had a people to lead. 

“Ms. President,” Bill sighed, “You coming here was a bad idea already. You should be in your office, watching from afar, you’re a leader not a general!”

I deigned to look down at him, my red eyes narrowing to slits and Bill flinched. “Your leaders are pathetic, Bill. They hide behind their fortresses and their armies. Hardly leaders at all – they are bosses. I plan to lead, and leader lead from the front.”

Bill swallowed and nodded, disappearing down the ladder while I continued to look at the battlefield. What I’d said was true of course. Call me old fashioned, but a monarch must lead her troops into battle. The humans saw it too. They saw a leader who they thought cared about them, who took risks with them, who understood them. Even as I watched a cheer took up behind me and I saw a squad of a dozen or so pilots whoop to me as they staggered past, some of them very clearly inebriated. 

Funny, how it took someone inhuman to understand them. 

There were more reasons of course. Being War came with certain perks. Humans found themselves with faster reflexes near me, their wounds not quite as bad as they thought. The fear they thought they’d always had fade away to a distant place. It was a powerful tool multiplied by the millions of humans. 

But that wasn’t the real reason either. 

The reason was simple. I was War. I lived it, breathed it, and Hell if I was missing the grandest War of all time. 

As if on cue a blare of horns and cut through the heaven air, and in the distance a dark mass suddenly just…appeared. Just past our patrols and out Hellfire based wards and mines. Too far for any mortal to see, but I could. An army of heavens minions, angels with magnificent wings and men and women in togas holding swords. Among them were unimaginable beasts, monsters, dragons and weird mixes of all. For the first and maybe last time, Heaven and Hell fought side by side.  

And in front stood 3 figured on horses. My brethren.

I allowed myself a smile as the camp around burst into action. Getting ready for War.  

***


This will be a short series, 5 or 6 parts. This part is a bit slow, and a bit short because there is a lot world-building to be done (my apologies). This is a set-up chapter so to say. Expect the next far more actiony part Tuesday!It is quite a thing, to be a stranger at your own city. 

I walked through the streets, though now with purpose. I had to get to a train station. Yes, the people dressed differently, the cars were fancier, the buildings a bit more worn, it was still the same city. Korea Town had the same fantastic smells – sizzling meat and soy sauce overpowering the usual smell of the city. The storefronts were still advertising delicious looking food from the windows. I looked at my watch – normal now: 9:30 am. Where would Beth be? At home? 

A part of my mind that I didn’t want to listen to whispered: *With someone else?* I’d been gone for almost 20 years. Books and movies showed princesses waiting decades for their hero to return. Well, life wasn’t a fairy tale, and I sure as hell wasn’t a hero. Heroes made some great sacrifice, accomplished some great deed and pay the ultimate price. I was paying…for being stuck in an elevator? Not exactly hero material. 

“Hey!” 

I was snapped out my reverie to find the same blind, homeless woman I’d seen in front of the Empire State. She was wearing tattered jeans and a faded button down. Her black hair was frayed at the edges.   

I frowned. I was only a block or so away, so I guess a blind person could make it, but she’d called out for me specifically. “How?” She rolled her startlingly blue eyes and looked directly at me. It clicked. 

“You’re not actually blind.”

“No shit, sherlock,” she said. “Tell me, how long would a blink woman last on the streets?”

New York was one of the safest cities in the world, but still… “Not very long at all.”

She spread her arms as if to say *you see.* “The act just gets me more money,” she said with a one-shouldered shrug. 

“Have you–” 

“Considered finding a job?” she finished for me with a sneer. “I’m blacklisted, don’t know why. Don’t know how. No one will hire me.”

“Sooo why are you here?” I asked. 

She shrugged. A one shouldered thing that rippled her hair. “Curious what kind of man asks a homeless person what year it is.”

“Let’s think,” I said, and nodded sarcastically. “A strange homeless woman who pretends to be blind is offering to show me around the City just after I’d been in a freak time travel accident. Yeah, of course you can come!” Her face had closed off. Lips pressed, eyes narrowed – an acutely intelligent expression. I turned around to walk away. 

“Oh, you think you’re a smart-ass huh?”

“I know I am,” I said without turning around. This was familiar ground. NYC always had crazy people. 

“Sure, Jeff, walk away. We’ll see how long you last.”

I whirled around. “How did you–”

She was smiling. “I believe you were walking away, Jeff?”

“Who are you and how do you know my name?” I asked. 

“I’ll cut you a deal,” she said. “You answer one of my questions, and I’ll answer one of yours.”

I looked at my watch again. I itched to look, to see how Beth was, where she was, but at the same time…I wasn’t. It was like being back in college. I wanted to just get the exam over with, but I didn’t want to actually take it. I wanted to see Beth, but I didn’t want to face her anger, confusions, and rejection. 

“You reach a decision there, Aristotle?” she asked. 

“Fine,” I said. “Do you know what happened to me?”

“Well, you just told me. You have had some sort of freak time travel accident.”

I ran my hands through my hair. “That’s not what–”

She held up her hands in a placating gesture. “Sorry, sorry. Yes, I know you’ve lost time. The science of it is beyond both you and me, but the fact is, yes it happened. And it will happen again.”

“What do you–”

“Tutt, tutt,” she chided. “My turn.” 

I grimaced but nodded. My mind whirling. It would happen again? How? Why? How did this woman know and how did she just happen to be waiting for me. That was no coincidence. 

“Hey, hello, are you even listening to me?” she said. 

I shook my head to clear it. “No, sorry, I mean.” I sighed. “Please, go ahead.”

“What year did you jump from, Jeff?” 

“1999,” I said and launched into another question. “What do you mean it will happen again? When?”

She took out one of those rectangular mini computers that everyone had. It most certainly did not belong with a homeless person, even I could tell that. The sleek black thing was a sharp contrast to her grime-caked clothes. “I have a formula. Let’s see…Jeff.” She flicked and tapped the device. “Ah! You have…one year 3 months and 11 days.”

“You mean…?”

She flashed me that self-assured, mocking smile that I was realizing was sort of her trademark. “I’ll give you this freebie, Jeff since it’s your first Jump. Yes, it’ll happen again, it’ll keep happening for the rest of your life. Forward, back, and who knows what else. My name is Marie,” she held out her hand. “And I know you when you met me in the year 1230.”

The world got up and kicked me in the face.***
**Edith**
***

How could I have been this stupid! 

It had been nice, talking to James, even though it was small talk, in fact, especially because it was small talk. I didn’t want to deal with his question about why I’d left him, what he’d been through – I’d thought about all that enough. This was just a…treat. A small meeting to provide…what? Closure? 

And then he brought up the dreams. 

That…that wasn’t possible. I’d been given the phone number of the rep I was supposed demo, could the tracker be off? Had James borrowed someone else’s phone? 

I needed to leave. This might ruin everything – everything I’d sacrificed to get where I was today, friends, family, James…this one slip up could ruin it all. 

I got up from my chair and turned to leave but James’s hand darted out to grab my wrist. My skin tingled at the contact. I looked at his dark eyes which were almost…pleading. 

“Edith,” he said, “please. Not again.”

Every rational part of me was screaming at me to walk away. Rip his hand off and leave. But I had never been rational when it came James. I couldn’t leave like this again, I had to give him something. “The…the reason I left you James, the reason I have to leave you now…I can’t really tell you much, but I work for this company called PsyCorp.”

It wouldn’t help him much, but maybe he would figure out one day what it meant, what I was working towards.

James got up in such a rush that the chair behind him fell backwards. He was breathing hard, his chest rising and falling under his button down. “You’re here to meet a representative, aren’t you?” he said, his voice almost breathless. “You were told he’d call you?”

No. This had to be some kind of joke. The universe couldn’t possibly be this cruel. 

I could only gape as James took out his phone and dialed a number – my number. The contact came up – CommTel Rep. 

We stood there for a moment, in the middle of a coffee shop in New York City. Both of our phones ringing, his hand around my wrist, and his chair fallen over.  In typical New York fashion, no one even gave us a passing glance. 

Still, I practically deflated into my seat, while James fell flat on the ground – his chair had fallen over. He got up, his face red as an apple, and picked up the chair then properly sat down in it. The whole thing was so ridiculous, and so typically James that I couldn’t help but snort in laughter.  It didn’t last long though. 

“So,” I said. 

“So.” 

We let the silence stretch out between us. I could almost see the tension building, James was leaning forward in his seat, biting his lip like he always did when he was nervous. I followed his gaze to hands – where my nails were digging into the palms of my hands. I blew air out of my nose and shook my head – we knew each other too well. 

Hell with it, I owed it to him enough to start first. “You’ve been having the dreams then?”

James nodded. “Dreams with you in them. We did…all sorts of stuff, impossible things, incredible things-”

“And video games?” I added, hoping to lighten the mood. 

James smirked a bit at that. “And video games, yeah.” 

Silence again. 

This time James spoke. “Are you causing these dreams?” When I didn’t say anything he prompted me again. “Edith.” Not a command, but a request. 

“I…yeah, in a sense,” I said with a half-shrug. “It was supposed to be a demo, James.”

He frowned. “A demo for what, exactly?”

“PsyCorp, James. What I’ve been working on for the last 9 years. Why I had to leave everything,” I said, hoping, praying, that he’d understand. 

“To make people have dreams?” James said with a slight smirk.

“*No,*” I practically bit off the word. “Tell me, James, after you had those dreams would you have under any circumstances *not* come here into the City? Would any force have stopped you?!” I realized at the end I’d raised my voice and shut up. It was just…I didn’t like someone mocking my life’s work.  

James held up his arms in a gesture of surrender. “Alright, alright. But that was because you knew me,” he said, eyes narrowed in silent accusation. “You knew I’d come here like some sick puppy, hoping to relive some gilded past.”

Stab. Twist. 

I forced myself to breath evenly, and spoke as calmly, as inexpressively as possible. “I didn’t James. All I had was your phone number.” James narrowed his eyes but didn’t say anything. “I had no idea you would be the representative. PsyCorps’ device acts uniquely on each person. We track them using cell phone signals, and expose the brain to want – in our case it was New York City. Your brain gave you the dreams that would stimulate the biggest reaction from you when it comes to New York. All we did was ask you the brain to do so.” 

Now James was leaning forward. “Their phones?”

I smiled at that. No wonder he’d reached such a high position over at CommTel – he caught the important bit. “The implications, I’m sure you understand are very, very significant. We’ll be able to influence, shape, a whole new generation. Education, manners, psychological treatment-”

“- Advertising,” James finished with a sour look on his face. 

“Oh, come on now,” I said, rolling my eyes. “There’s two sides to every coin. The fact is, we need CommTel to help us expand our infrastructure, to keep track of every such phone on your network."

***

(Author's note: Ladies and gentlemen, we have a new series! Next part up soon. Each part will alternate POVs (So the next part is from James' POV). If you want to be notified exactly when I post click the updatemebot message below.)***
I ran. 

Silver sword held in one hand I ran as arrows whisked past me. Behind me, howls of wolves echoed along with hunting horns. Too many to fight; I needed some way to lose them. One arrow found it’s mark and would’ve taken me directly in the head. There was a bright flash, and I stumbled for a moment, but continued to run, recasting Quen as I did. It would protect me from a single physical hit, just as it had done with the arrow. 

I gritted my teeth, I couldn’t keep this up much longer. Even a Witcher’s stamina has limits but turning to fight was suicide. The picture needed to change and fast. Luck, or dare I say it…

Destiny. 

A single arrow came, but from the *other* direction. A howl cut of abruptly as the arrow presumably found its mark. More arrows followed whizzing towards my assailant and not towards me. This damnable snow was muffling all the noise, and in the flurries of snow I couldn’t make out who my friends were. 

Regardless, I turned around to face the creatures who’d been pursuing me now that there was actually a chance. A group of three of those miniature troll things I’d fought earlier and three wolves. As soon as I stopped the trolls stopped and hung back to fire there bows while the wolves moved towards me, teeth bared. 

Had to take out the archers first. I jumped over two of the wolves, but the one nearer the back was top quick and would have taken the bottom of my leg off were it not for Quen. I’d been ready for the minor concussion blast that happened whenever Quen activated and compensated. I reached the line of there of archers barely a second after I’d turned around to fight. Two died before they had even managed to drop their bows, one stabbed through the chest and the other with its throat slit. The last one managed to get a knife out and drop his bow. I began to make the sign of Aard with my left hand when a wolf suddenly bit my forearm. Even through the gauntlets the teeth felt like white-hot needles being driven into my skin. 

I cursed and brought my sword towards the wolf, but it released my arm and jumped out of the way with a yip. I’d been expecting that however and had been making the sign of Igni even as the wolf disengaged. I turned towards the other two wolves who had been about to leap and let lose a wave of fire towards them. Snow in a ten foot arc melted instantly in that direction and the wolves were silent. 

I was dead.

I started to turn around, knowing I was too slow, knowing I wouldn’t be able to block the knife in time. The third troll thing had managed to close the distance in the seconds it took me to dispatch the two wolves. 

But when I turned around I didn’t find a knife buried in me, but a body with an Arrowpoint sticking through its throat. 

The final wolf snarled and ran away into the depths of the forest. Leaving just me with my “saviors.” 

 The thing with saviors was, they usually had the position of power over you. I was at their mercy. For now. 

A voice came clearly through the snow. “In the name of the Queen, Identify yourself!”

Again, try as I might I couldn’t make out anyone, though I knew the general direction the vice was coming from. I inconspicuously traced the sign of Quen – it probably wouldn’t save me, but it could buy me a second perhaps. 

“I’m Geralt,” I called out in the forest. “A lost traveler. I mean no harm to those who mean no harm to me.” It seemed like a safe thing to say. 

A shape stepped out into the clearing so that my mutagen enhanced eyes could make it out in the darkness. I almost didn’t believe it. There had been rumors in our world of such creatures of course, but the Witcher texts didn’t believe them and so I didn’t either. Yet here it was, in another world, but here all the same. 

A horse but where the horse’s head should have been there was the torso of a man. A centaur. He held a bow at the ready in front of him, arrow nocked. 

“Son of Adam,” the creature said, “I am called Nzira.”

Son of Adam? “Thank you for you rescue honored, ah, Nzira,” I said. Who knows if there were called centaurs here. I was just glad they spoke a language I could understand. 

“A daughter of Eve already rules our land, son of Adam, we have no need of a ruler.”

I frowned. “I have no intention of being a ruler, Nzira. I simply mean to find a way home.” *Preferably not via portal.*

Behind the centaur I could make out more shapes, I counted five. Damn. Five of those creatures had done that? Powerful allies.

Dangerous enemies. 

“I do not know of such a way, Son of Adam, but I perhaps our queen will. She is new, but she is wise. There were some dark mutterings by the centaurs behind him. Seems not everyone shared Nzira’s loyalty. 

“Your queen?” I asked, “she is not of this world either?”

“No,” Nzira said, then frowned, looking more closely at me. “In fact she looks-”

He was cut off as more howls rose in the air and the temperature suddenly plummeted. Where my Igni had melted the snow, there now was a sheet of ice. With the howls came the sound of hooves against the snowy ground. 

The temperature alone gave it away, but the other signs confirmed it. There was only one thing that could do that, in this world or any other world. 

“It’s the Wild Hunt.” 

***

Stay tuned, more to come!|| 

The Faithless walked in to the City. 

They stayed away from me of course. Though I had just let them into a City, the first as far as I knew to breach a City wall – even a minor one, they kept their distance. I didn’t blame them. Power, be it from your own side or the enemy's, was always frightening. Instead, they gaped at the tall towers, the ground that wasn’t stained with blood. The luxury, the safety. Or what had once been safety.  

The people of the City, dressed in finery and jewelry gaped at us, as if not believing their eyes; seeing these bloody, dirty strangers walking in to their formerly pristine city, their previously impenetrable wall, fallen. The few guards had dropped their swords, and just stared blankly. I couldn’t imagine any of them even had any idea how to use them. The walls were never supposed to fall, and a small religion like this wouldn’t keep any emissaries. 

They just started at each other for a minute, the Faithless and the Faithful, united for the first time in living memory. Soon however, there was a commotion among the people of the City, and the people parted hurriedly. A slim woman emerged from them. She had chocolate colored skin, and dark hair tied in a braid that fell to the middle of her back. Her face was blank, but a storm lurked behind her dark eyes. She wore a simple, lose dress, carried a curved sword in one hand, and had a staff strapped to her back.

“Are you quite satisfied?” she asked in crisp English. Her people took a few steps back, as if to clear space, and a general shuffling behind me told me my own people had done the same. 

“Satisfied with bringing some modicum of safety to these people,” I said gesturing behind me, “yes. I am.”

She gave a small bark of laughter. “What safety?” she asked and pointed at the broken gates, “The safety of a broken wall, of open gates? I hate to break it to you, but you have not made your people any safer, you have just consigned our people to doom as well.” 

A few of the faithful started crying at that. One woman wrapped her arms around a weeping boy, another fell to the ground and no one helped her. 

“Ask your God then,” I said, “why doesn’t he rebuild it for you? You are his Faithful after all.” I had an idea why, but I needed proof, a hint, something. 

The woman stiffened for a moment and I thought I saw something flicker behind her eyes, but before I could be sure, it was gone. “That’s because *your* kind,” she said with a sneer, “are still here profaning these grounds. Leave and Quiza will dazzle us with his brilliance once more.”

“We will not leave,” I said. Not yet. 

The woman nodded, as if expecting the answer, and brought her sword to bare. “Then I will make you leave,” she said. There was no bravado in her voice, no threat. She was just stating a fact. 

I brought out my own sword. It was a simple blade, about two feet long designed to be held in one hand, thought it could be wielded with two as I did. There was a small gust of wind from behind me, and I noticed the smell of monsters. I looked back for a second to see a couple monsters standing past the wall, looking curiously. They had been trained for millennia upon millennia that the walls would repel them they, like the Faithful, couldn’t quite believe it had fallen. 

The second almost cost me my life. Not literally of course – it was impossible to escape this cursed plane. But unable to fight, I would surely be thrown out to the monsters, and be painfully aware as the monsters hunted down other humans. It would be the end of my life, but I wouldn’t be dead. 

She charged me, not with a yell or bravado, but utterly quietly. Her bare feet made almost no noise against the road. I turned around and brought my sword to deflect the blow. Her blade fell perpendicular to mine, and the sound rang across the crowd. We had a circle of space to work with, around 20 feet wide. At two points the Faithful and Faithless even stood next to each other – they would rather be close to their enemies than us. The thought brought a smile to my lips. 

My opponent was already moving though; she was fast, much faster than I was. She shied to the left and ducked, aiming a slice at my thigh, likely to slice the femoral vein, and I angled my sword low to block the strike again. Again, she moved to the left forcing me to turn around and face her. The act cost me a valuable fraction of a second, because though I was able to bring my sword to block again, I didn’t have time to react to the punch she hammered on my left cheek. 

Pain exploded through my head, but I was used to it. Years, or decades, it was hard to tell, in exile made me used to pain. Anyone who survived as long as I had out there got used to it really quickly. 

And so, despite the pain, I swung towards the right. She’d moved left twice now and would probably move right to throw me off. I was rewarded with a short yelp from her as she practically threw herself backwards to avoid the strike. She had had time to block, but curved swords were not built for such things; they were meant to slice.  

I pressed my advantage, and moved towards her with a simple thrust. She shied right, ducked at sliced again. I’d guessed she would and was already stepping back before she sliced. Again, curved swords weren't good with thrusts. As it was, the sword missed my knee by a hair’s width. 

I swung my sword down and out, like a cricket batter, and she was in an awkward position. She couldn’t dodge, despite her considerable nimbleness and speed. Just as I’d hoped she was forced to use her sword to block. My sturdy straight sword stopped for half a beat before breaking the curved sword in two. 

The half a beat was all she needed too take a couple steps back and bring her staff to bear at me. 

It was over. 

The whole fight had taken less than a minute.

She stood out of my sword’s reach and she had her staff. She could blast me with her Power before I could get to her or draw my own staff.

I spread out my hands. “Do it,” I said. 

Her lips moved, likely in a silent prayer and the hand that was holding the staff shivered for half a moment – but nothing happened. She pressed her lips in a thin line. There wasn’t surprise on her face, just grim acceptance. 

“How did you know?” she asked, hanging her head.

“I suspected the same thing was happening in my City, and mine was one of the Grand Five. So, if it had started there, I suspected it had happened here already,” I took a deep breath. It got easier every time I said it, but it was still a challenge. “Your God is dead.” 

Every place has secrets. In the Grand Cities they don’t know of the existence of the Unfaithful. The people here knew, but they didn’t know their so-called Faith was dead. 

“How long ago did he die?” I asked. She was their leader, their arch-priestess, it was impossible that she hadn’t known. 

She was still holding her useless staff but she answered, “at least three cycles. My mentor told me her mentor had told her Quiza was dead.” 

The Unfaithful stood silent, showing no reaction, but again, acceptance. It was too good to be true after all. They had walked from one unprotected land to another. The Faithful were no so grim. They erupted in sound. Some cried, others shouted in anger at their arch-priestess, who just stood, holding her staff as if for support. Though her features were young, she held herself like an old woman – defeated. 

“Silence!” I roared, and my staff lit itself with a gray flame of Power. The Priestess’ eyes went wide – the most reaction I’d seen from her. Faithful and Unfaithful alike stared at it with wonder, as if it was their salvation.  

Perhaps it was. 

“Your walls were bound to fall either way, I have just forced you to move, to act” I said, my voice amplified by Power, “All the Gods are dead or dying.”

“So what do we do?” someone asked, wailed, from the crowd. Whether it was a Faithful or Unfaithful, I couldn’t tell. Perhaps it didn’t matter. I answered. 

“We make our own Gods.” 

***

Next part within 50 hours! Sorry for the delay, but I'll be with family for Thanksgiving so I won't have time to write.  Please DO NOT set up a remindMe, I've already done it. Just click on the link of already existing RemindMe in the comments. Thank you!||
***
Blood is a bitch to get out of a wall.

Fucking Jon. Oh look at me, I’m being a hero, saving the damsel in distress. Didn’t even think twice before leaving the damsel to clean up the guts. They don’t show you that in the movies. 

Door opening. 

I whirled around, instinctually reaching for my Power – but it was just Jared. He leaned against the door frame, wind howling behind me. I shivered as the cold New York air kissed my skin. Jared was dressed in a plain black T-shirt and jeans. Might as well be screaming out his identity to anyone who looked outside and saw a man dressed like it was July in the middle of a blizzard.

“Liz,” he said and dipped his head. His voice was deep and…wary. He’d seen me do something really scary once and always stepped lightly around me. “I was surprised when you called. Thought you were out.”

“I *am* out, Jared. This,” I said, waving to the blood and the corpse and the broken furniture, “is a bit of an accident.” 

“Right,” Jared drawled. “It’s none of my business anyways, sorry for asking. I owe you, well, a lot. You call I show.”

“I didn’t kill him, Jared.” 

“Of course not. There wasn’t no body either,” he said as he moved to the body.

I groaned. No matter what I’d say, he would never believe me. “Look, just help me with this body, yeah?” 

Jared nodded and took the body by the armpits and I took the legs. The kid’s head lolled at a very disconcerting angle. We lumbered rather unceremoniously through the wreckage of my café, and got to the door, which of course had closed. Jared managed to get it open, and again the bitterly cold wind bit into my skin. I gritted my teeth – all I was wearing was jeans, a tank top, and a light jacket.

“Thanks for this, by the way,” I said as we moved the body to the van. We were getting some blood on the snow, but New York snow was usually black by morning anyways. Plus, at the rate it was snowing, the blood would long since be covered. We got to the van, and luckily the back doors were already open. “Not many guys you can cause to get rid of a body in the middle of a blizzard.” I chuckled. Jared did not. 

We moved into the back of the van. “Just set the body down anywhere,” he said and just let go of his end of the body. I stumbled but managed to put the feet down. I looked up in time to see Jared visibly cringe. As if he expected me to attack him for a minor inconvenience. 

An uncomfortable silence settled between us. He’d wiped the expression off his face quickly, but I saw it, and he’d known I saw it. I shivered. For some reason I just felt like laughing, though I’m pretty sure Jared might just have a heart attack at that. Here I was worrying about social niceties in the middle of a blizzard freezing my ass off, moving a body into a van. 

“Uh, do you know anything better than bleach to wash off blood,” I asked just to fill the silence. 

Jared stared at me. “Are…are you joking?”

I sighed. “I told you, I’m out.”

“But–”

“Jared,” I said and he closed his mouth with a click. 

“Baking soda and cold water,” he said, should come right off. 

“Thanks,” I said. 

Again, that silence stretched between us. “Alright I–”

Something crashed into the van. Hard. Metal screamed and the van fell against the road, sideways. I hit my head on the side, and of course the body landed on me, getting blood all over me, the familiar metallic taste filling my nostrils. The smell cleared my spinning head and the ringing in my ears seemed to lessen. Next to me Jared groaned. One of the seats had detached from the side and pinned Jared by the arm against the Van. 

I scrambled over to him. No blood, not his anyways, I would’ve been able to tell if there was. The arm was definitely broken though. Jared looked at me with wide eyes, his pupils darting from left to right. His breaths coming in bursts.

“Jared,” I said, but he didn’t even hear me. Another crash. The van didn’t tip again, but my ears rang as whatever it was hit us again.

“Jared,” I said, and put my hand on free arm. At that his wide eyes locked into mine. He was a clean up guy, he wasn’t used to fighting. “You’re in shock, you know what that is right?”

Jared nodded, dark eyes locked into mine.  

“Good. Now, I’m gonna see what all the racket is about all right?”

“I–” he said then grimaced with pain. 

Every second counted but I leaned closer to him to listen.   

“I…I thought you were out.”

I flinched back to find Jared smiling. Now he smiled. I shook my head and kicked ipen the van door and crawled out to the snow. 

My instincts screamed and I threw myself down to the ground, snow and all, as something hurtled above me by a foot. That would’ve taken my head off. There was a crash and the blare of a car alarm. I looked behind me. 

A car. Someone was throwing cars at us. I whipped my head towards the direction the car had come from. Sure enough, by the van there were two other cars , and beyond that was a girl. She, unlike me, was dressed for the cold. She was five or so feet in front of me, close enough to make out her eyes and face even through the blizzard. The resemblance was obvious. The same set of jaw, the same eyes, the same posture. She was even younger than he’d been. Couldn’t have been older than 20. The League was recruiting young it seemed. 

“You killed him,” she said, her voice tight. She’d been crying. And indeed her eyes were red. 

I held up my hands. “I don’t know what you’re–”

She ripped off a stop sign and threw it at me. I saw it coming and moved to the side. It buried itself in the door of the car she’d thrown. Same power as her brother then. “I saw the fucking body, you bitch! You killed Mark!” 

“You don’t want to do this,” I began but she screamed and charged. 

Fuck. 

She punched and I swiveled to the right, and ducked under her kick. Again, these strength users had a one-track mind. Still, a single blow and I’d be dead. She moved to kick me in the shins and I danced back. I wasn’t good at close quarters fighting. She was hysterical and that’s why I’d been able to last even this long, she just needed to think clearly or get lucky–

I slipped. 

Because of course I did. The universe had a sick sense of humor like that. 

It was a classic slip. Like you see in cartoons. The leg up, the flat fall onto the back. The girl screamed, in triumph or pain or anger or all three I don’t know, and moved to punch me in the throat. I’d seen a punch like that land. I would be beheaded. 

I had no choice. 

The blood on me and on the snow congealed into a solid rectangle and met blocked her fist. I made it soft, so the blood didn’t shatter, it just rippled, absorbing the force. Her eyes went wide and she faltered. Only for a second. 

But a second was all I needed. 

Was it instinct? If I hadn’t been so panicked, so rusty, perhaps I would’ve done something else. Thought about it maybe. 

Or maybe not.

The blood congealed into a rod with spike of blood the size of my arm, and I drove it into her chest. 

She gaped. Her eyes wide. She tried to talk but her only blood came out. She swayed, her fists clenching and unclenching before she fell on her back in the snow, my spike dissolving. Her and her brothers blood mingled and stained the snow. The kid – because that’s what she was – stared into the sky with glassy eyes. 

And while a part of me was disgusted, another part, the part attuned with the blood sang in triumph.

I was not out anymore. 

***

We my friends, have an extended project on our hands. Hope you're as excited to read it as I am to write it.||

The Exodus was about to begin. 

The City was being emptied. The towers gleamed in the light of the eternally setting sun, which I felt was strangely appropriate. This part of the land was in eternal sunset. There was no day or night in this land. The only way to experience time was to travel. So the sun was setting not only on this part of the land, but on an era. 

Everywhere I looked there were signs of rush, movement, change. Some were crying, others shouted at each other to fetch belongings, many were talking, fighting, embracing. It was chaos. One thing no one was doing was looking out the broken gates – where the monsters gathered. 

They were far off, and not too many – maybe a dozen. But as I watched another flying monster perched on a skeletal tree. None of the monsters had tried to cross the gates yet – the gates had stood for all time after all, but they knew something was different, that something was off. It was only a matter of time before one of them dared to move through the gates…and then the other would follow. 

But not everyone was leaving. 

Most were – most recognized that the city wasn’t safe, that staying here was death, but some hung to the vain hope that their God Quiza would return to them, and some Faithless wanted to stay as well. 

A familiar voice came to my right and I looked to see the young couple I’d saved from the Monstrosity. It seemed like so long ago. They weren’t covered with blood and grime, so I could make out their features. The man had uneven blond hair sharp blue eyes, and a face that might have been considered handsome without all the scars. The woman was pale, deathly pale in fact, and her hair was startlingly white to match. Her voice was lighter, and though she was a head shorter than him, her presence was far more powerful.

They were speaking in high voices with lots of gesturing and pointing and fist shaking. I couldn’t understand a word they were saying. But I watched, as did many of the other surrounding people. No one understood, but at the same time everyone understood. The man pointed directly at the monsters and the woman rolled her eyes and stamped the ground. Then the very next moment the man’s face softened, it looked as if he was about to cry. He gripped the woman’s forearms and leaned in, as if for a kiss. The woman flinched back and pried the man’s fingers off her forearm and walked away, towards the gathering crowd of the Exodus. 

The man stared at her for a moment lost for words, then his features clouded with anger. He whirled around and started to walk – directly towards me. 

He came up to stand less than half a foot next to me, and looked me directly in the eyes. I am a tall man, and he came up to my chin. He had no weapons on him, only dumb, blind rage. 

His eyes were wide, and his cracked lips were bared into a snarl. He garbled some choice words at me as he walked. It was amazing really, how little of a barrier language posed to understanding – I just filled in the random words with insults in English. I got the message. Then he drew his fist back to punch me. I saw it coming from a mile off. 

There are certain moments in life, critical moments, where certain actions change everything. A seemingly small interaction, an isolated incident can be more important than any battle, any fight. Most don’t recognize these moments for when they appear, but I did. Right there, I was about to make my image in front of these people. The hundreds of people watching me would judge me from this moment, this one incident. I could just block the punch, or take it, or jab him before he could touch me. A leader, a friend, or a tyrant – those were my choices.

I didn’t get to make one. 

Before I could do anything, *she* was there, without even me realizing. The woman, the man had been arguing with. She jabbed the man in the stomach, sending the breath out of him. He doubled over, trying to breathe. 

I stood there, awed. Not by the woman’s stealth, her speed, or even her character. No. Just for a second, her fist had been coated in Power, the same gray Power that I could with my staff. I looked around the crowd. No one else seemed to have noticed anything awry, they were all further than I was, and none of them had recoiled in terror – so all seemed in order. That was until my eyes fell on the dark skinned Arch-Priestess. She was leaning against one of the buildings and was looking at the woman with narrowed eyes. Her eyes flicked to mine for a second and I knew she had noticed. 

The woman was glaring at the man, who was looking down at his feet, making no move to retaliate. 

Smart man, I thought with a smile.

There was a much shorter and one-sided exchange this time, while the man didn’t even look at her. As she turned to walk away again, he spoke the only words of English I’d ever heard him say. 

“You go,” he said, “you die.”

The woman turned back to him and smiled. It was not a kind one. Her lips too seemed pale, as if frost bitten, and her eyes were the color of ocean ice. her English was better, though not perfect.

“Maybe die,” she said, “We go, we maybe die. If you stay…” she trailed off and turned around to point at the monsters.  

The crowd dispersed, and I noticed with a grim satisfaction that some of the ones who had had wanted to stay were whispering among themselves. 

“You noticed,” said a voice to my right. 

That was twice that I had been snuck up on, but I didn’t react outwardly. I just nodded. “The girl possesses the Power.”

“You will use her,” The arch-priestess said. Again, there was no accusation or malice, just statement of fact.

“No,” I said, “I will not use her. She is free to make her own choices, we all are.”

The priestess laughed. It was a strange sound in this world of blood, monsters, and dying Gods. It was a crystalline laugh – not sarcastic or sad, a genuine laugh. She found something funny. 

“Just like you gave us a choice, right?” she said, still chuckling, “stay in the City and get eaten by monsters, or take a chance with you, go wherever you’re going. How generous of you.”  

I opened my mouth to say something then closed it. That was exactly what I’d done. It was good intentioned at the time of course – to give the Faithless a home, but I’d knocked down the doors knowing full and well it was possible that the City would never be safe again. 

“With these numbers we can start a revolution, we can survive in a world without Gods,” I said. 

“Right, *you* want to do that, but do any of us?” She said and gestured towards the crowd, “We just wanted to live our lives in peace.”

“An illusion!” I said, “it would be shattered one day, and you would be caught unawares. I'm helping you.” Even to me, it sounded pathetic.  

“Whatever helps you sleep, Heretic,” she said and walked away, I noted, towards the Exodus, not the group who was staying. 
***
Next part within 24 hours! Please DO NOT set up a remindMe, I've already done it. Just click on the link of already existing RemindMe in the comments. Thank you!||

Death is an imitation of Life.

The dead don’t need nourishment, water, or nutrients. There was no food in this world, no water. But still, our hearts beat, or blood flows, and our muscles protest. 

So it was that the City had just barely faded out of view that we decided to take a break. There was no leader calling for a halt, or a certain group stopping out of protest. There were some five hundred of us, and the significant majority just…stopped after the City was gone from the horizon. It was much sooner than I would’ve liked – we were still too close to the city – but out of sight out of mind I suppose.  

The sky was still blood-red of sunset, and the plains had given way to a “forest.” None of the trees bore any leaves – they were only spiky limbs – thousands of them, each about the height of a person. 

My people sat in groups, and I noted with some satisfaction that they didn’t divide into groups of formerly Faithful and Faithless – it was easy to tell them apart by the scars and expressions even if they all wore proper clothing now. They shared stories, tales, and jokes, seemingly forgetting that a short time ago they hated each other.

“Men, heretics are or not, are still preferable to monsters, no?” came a cultured voice to my left. 

I glanced left to find the Priestess there. She was wearing loose pants and a loose-fitting shirt. Her blade hung loosely from a sheath on her left and her staff was still slung around her back. 

“For now,” I agreed, “hopefully their time together will make these temporary bonds into more permanent ones.” I didn’t mention that nobody, the formerly faithless or faithful, would speak to her. She had betrayed her own people by lying to them, and had tried to doom mine by sending them back out to the wastelands. 

Then again, no one was talking to me either.

“If they survive that long,” the Priestess said.

I raised my eyebrow and looked at her, “It’s a small trip according to yourself and the few who’ve seen the other City – two hundred miles or so. That shouldn’t be too bad. ”

The Priestess laughed for a moment then stopped – staring at me. “Wait – you’re serious?”

I frowned. Of course, I was. 

The Priestess shook her head. “For all your talk of Man and our Power – you know almost nothing about leading them. Tell me, have you ever traveled with others before?” 

“Of course I have,” I sad and left it at that. Some memories are best left alone.

She got the hint when I didn’t say anymore. “I see – with more than five people?”

I shook my head. “At most, three,” I said. 

“Well there you-” She was cut off by a high-pitched scream. 

The trees were moving. Not all of them – just ten or twelve in a line. They were heaving up and down, and the blood red ground was shaking and cracking. My people began to run away from the disturbance, but one of the tree was suddenly uprooted completely from the ground and swung around. Two of my people were impaled by the sharp spike, and a couple more were knocked back.

It was a snake. 

Some sort of huge, armored snake. It was at least 20, 30 feet long, with the “trees” which I realized were spikes, running along its back. It was – of course – red, and its triangular head was as big as I was. A forked tongue slithered out, revealing two fangs half the height of a person.

“Run!” I shouted and tapped my staff against the ground to call Power. “Run directly away from the City!” I shouted again – my voice amplified by Power. A few of them ran, even fewer in the right direction – but other just stared at the beasts like idiots – slack jawed.

“Run!” I said again, but I got little response. In fact, the snake struck down two more people even as I shouted. 

“This is what I was talking about, Heretic,” the Priestess said, that was the name she had chosen for me, “This is not your small group of elites, these are people whom you have put into this situation. Now let’s see if you will protect them.” She unsheathed her curved blade and charged the giant snake. 

I could only stare for a moment as the tail swung around and impaled another person and knocked down three more. My fault. I’d brought them here, on this quest to challenge God. And they were dead, so soon after joining me. When I’d been alone there was no hesitation, just action. I did what I knew I had to do, knowing I would be the one to suffer. But now it wasn’t just me. My people suffered because of my missteps even when I didn’t. 

The Priestess reached the snake. It didn’t even notice her until she slashed her curved sword at its scales – and promptly bounced off with no effect. The huge snake stared down at her then struck – lightning fast. I would have died, but the Priestess managed to dodge, dashing to the right of the snake’s head. 

A hand grabbed my shoulder and twisted me around. It was her of course. Pale skin, white hair and icy blue eyes. The woman I’d saved, who’d left her partner to come with me. Her eyes were wide, and I could feel her pulse thudding through her thumb on my shoulder.

“Help her!” she said, in heavily accented English, gesturing towards the Priestess. 

I hefted my staff again and the Power.  Gray flame coated the staff for a moment…and died. 

I stared, aghast. The Power had failed me. For the first time in a long time I called Power, but it didn’t come. 

The woman reached the sensible conclusion. Her eyes narrowed into slits. “You bastard,” she said, “you going to let her die.”

I could only watch as the Priestess struck the snake’s soft head now that it was within reach. The snake hissed and tried to dart away from her, but the Priestess stuck close the snake to prevent it from using its own body against her. Hitting her would mean hitting itself. Frustrated, the snake’s head struck again, and the Priestess dodged, barely, again scoring another hit on the snake. 

“I help then,” the woman snarled, “you coward.”

That finally drew me into action. Power or not, I was not letting her fight alone. I charged the snake a quarter of a minute after the Priestess – an eternity in a fight. I overtook the woman within seconds – I had to admire her courage, no weapons no plan, but still she thought she could help, *believed* she could help.  

But still I wasn’t within reach when one of the “trees” behind her erupted out of the ground and leaped at her, like a living missile. 

The Priestess didn’t even see it – she was focused on the huge snake. Even if I had Power it would take me too long to bring my staff to bare against it. 

But before it could get to her there was a flash of gray – far more powerful than any I had ever conjured, and the tree just…disappeared. It was as if were never there. Another blast of Power went right towards the snake's head. The snake hissed and threw itself flat on the ground, and the blast hit one of its spikes, knocking it clean off. 

With the snake’s head low to the ground again, if only for a moment, the Priestess jumped on top of the snake’s head. The snake reared its head and flung itself side to side. Somehow the Priestess was able to hold on for long enough to embed her blade through the snake’s unarmored head.   

The snake froze. It twitched, once, twice, and then it fell, landing on the ground with a thump and sending a cloud of red dust around it. 

When I finally got to it, the Priestess was there, dusting off her clothes as if nothing had happened, staring at the dead snake with narrowed eyes. 

“Thanks for the save, Heretic,” she said without taking her eyes off the snake.

I shook my head. “It wasn’t me,” I said. 

The Priestess and I both turned back towards the direction I’d come from, where the blast of Power had come from. Neither of us were very surprised by what we saw. 

*She* was standing there, breathing heavily with no rod or blade, just an outstretched arm, her icy eyes wide with disbelief.

“Another one,” the Priestess said, though I could tell hear the note of appreciation in her voice, “A former Arch-Priestess, a Heretic, and now a girl without Faith.” She laughed mirthlessly. “What a team we make.”

“A team to challenge Gods and Monsters alike,” I said, turning back to look at the dead snake. 



***
Sorry for the delay guys. I'd posted this part on time, but I deleted it after like 10 minutes (hence the re-issue). It is much better now, and it was a necessary delay. Nonetheless, sorry again for not keeping to schedule. Hope you enjoyed.

Now that break is over (and finals are looming on the horizon) give me three days for each story. 

||“Her English is improving.”

I raised an eyebrow at that. The whole group had decided to call rest. The sky was now completely dark as we bore towards the city. A few more breaks, for that was the only way to tell time, and we would arrive at the City. But for now, the group rested. 

We were sitting together around a bonfire, the Priestess and I, one of about fifty or so. Each fire had large groups of ten or so around them, but the no one came to our fire, not even the Girl. 

“She has friends already,” the Priestess remarked, motioning towards a bonfire. My people had taken a quick liking to her. Not many had seen her kill the Serpent, but everyone had heard. The former was more important than she knew. Right now, the Girl was with some of my people, talking. They didn’t laugh – laughter was a rarity in this world, but they were happy. Their shoulders were straight, their eyes bright. It was all we could hope for in a world such as this.

“Jealous?” I asked with a raised eyebrow. 

The Priestess gave me a confused look, her brow creased with a frown. I made an effort to smile, but her frown just deepened. “Did you just make a joke, Heretic?” the Priestess asked, then shook her head. “No matter. This isn’t a joking matter, Heretic, you know that,” she said with pursed lips. “You know the danger. You were a priest once.”

“And now I am their very antithesis,” I said with a shrug. “Things change.”

“No dammit!” she said in a furious whisper. “Whether you are priest or a petty criminal – playing with fire is always a bad idea! She has Power, and she has taken a *name,* you understand, a *name!*” 

I knew, and I still called her Girl, thought of her as Girl. Old habits die hard it seemed. “We need every advantage we can get,” I said evenly. 

The Priestess gave a bark of mirthless laughter – the common kind this land was very familiar with. “That’s all we are to you isn’t it? Advantages and disadvantages? Pawns in your grand scheme?”

I did not respond, and quelled the small part of me that agreed with every word the Priestess was saying. I could not lose Faith again, would not lose it again. I remembered the battle with the Serpent, the feeling of hopelessness, *nakedness* I’d felt when the Power had not answered. Almost absently I tapped my staff on the ground, causing small black sparks to come out of the fire. 

Power. 

The Priestess stared at the smoldering sparks as the hung around the fire, not falling, visible only against the stark contrast of the bright flame. “I can’t let myself doubt,” I said to her, “I must have faith. Faith in myself. You understand?”

She was still looking at the sparks. “I understand,” she said at long last, “but that doesn’t mean you abandon Faith in everyone else.” The flames cast strange shadows against her dark skin, and her eyes were now cast down. A woman who had lost any Faith she might have had: in Gods and Men alike. 

“Fine,” I said, and the black sparks suddenly went out, like dark stars suddenly winked out of existence. “G-,” I shook my head. No. I would at least do the service of calling her name. “Celeste!” I called. 

She and a couple of her companions looked up, and immediately looked away, as if afraid of what I would do to them if they dared gaze upon me. Even wearing ragged clothes and bearing scars she stood out in the light of the fire. Her pale skin and pure white hair were bathed in flickering shadows and shades of Orange. For a moment her eyes caught a glint of the flame and they gleamed a mad orange.

Funny that my People feared me, feared my Power, but ate with the one who made my Power look like a candle in front of a flame.  

“Yes, sir?” she asked. Though she called me sir, there was no submissiveness in her voice, no fear. A Girl with Faith in herself. 

“What are you doing?” the Priestess hissed so only I could hear.

“Practice,” I said out loud, and both the Priestess and Celeste frowned. Celeste cocked her head, her expression holding a question. *Here? Now?*

“Now.” I said. 

She shrugged, and walked towards me. We had been training since the Serpent incident, not with weapons – she was lousy with those, but with Power. Calling it, controlling it, making it obey. We’d always done it alone however, away from prying eyes. This time we’d have an audience. 

Celeste stood at the ready, no idea she was walking into a trap. 

“Ready?” I asked and drew my sword.  

Celeste nodded. She had no weapons – didn’t need them. 

It was deathly quiet, and all eyes were upon us. I stood with my back to the Priestess, and Celeste stood with her back to the rest of my people. I could feel the eyes of the Priestess boring into my back. 

“Begin,” I said. 

Celeste of course, charged. She always took the initiative. Like the Priestess, she didn’t show any bravado or scream as she ran – she just ran directly towards me. Fifteen feet, ten feet, five feet, two…

She swerved to the right and swung at me with her left arm, and for a moment a blade of Power grew out of it, literally an extension of her arm. And it wasn’t dark but a pale gray…too far. The Priestess was right. I’d let this go too far. Advantage or not, she was liked too much by my people. She would lose her humanity if I let this go on much longer.  

I brought my sword to block the blade, my own dark power coating it, and blocked her blade. There was a sound, not of steel grating, but of glasses chiming -  a pure sound that echoed across the group. 

We came apart and her blade vanished – efficient. I had to lug my blade around the whole time, her blade only appeared when she commanded it to. I couldn’t even imagine such control. 

She swung her legs out, aiming to trip me, but she was slow. I took a step backwards and swung down and forward with my sword. She brought her arm in front of her, and it was coated with her Pale Gray power. Once again, our Powers clashed with music. I put more pressure downwards, and her eyes widened a bit. She wasn’t expecting a contest of strength. Another second, and her power held, but her arm began to tremble with fatigue. 

She angled her arm down and to the left and dodged right. My own pressure caused me to stumble forward at the sudden lack of resistance. I didn’t try to again my balance, I just fell down and hit the ground, and I heard the whistle of Celeste’s blade pass above me. She hadn’t expected me to fall completely. 

With my one second opening I kicked out and got to me feet. As I did, I brought out my staff and tapped it once against the ground. A sphere of Power launched towards her, just a foot away. She had no time or room to dodge. Instead, she *caught* it. Even I faltered a step, and I heard a collective intake of breath from the crowd. Celeste wasn’t shocked however - she was smiling.

She was enjoying this. 

She took the sphere and tossed it above her. The sphere was no longer my dark color, but her pale gray.  Ten feet above her it split apart into a dozen smaller spheres which launched towards me, but I’d already began running towards her. 

Some of the smaller spheres hit me in the back, and it felt like someone was poking me with white hot needles. But I was used to pain. 

And so, I slammed my shoulder against Celeste, trying to soften the blow as I did. She gasped, not expecting the attack, and practically flew back a foot or so before sprawling on the ground. 

I just stood there, breathing heavily, wincing as every breath I took aggravated the pain in my back. Celeste got up after a moment, still smiling. “Damn,” she said, “you crafty.” The light of the fire illuminated her face again, and she looked like a monster herself. Her hair was covered in a fine layer of the blood colored dirt as was the bottom part of her face. The smile, and pale skin just added tot the effect. 

She didn’t realize the until she turned back to face the crowd. 

As she did, almost everyone flinched. 

It was all well and good to hear stories of a hero, to put your Faith behind her, to make her one of your own. But to see her in action, see her power in person, imagine yourself facing her… that was something else entirely. She wasn’t one of them anymore – she was practically inhuman. Not an object of hope, but of fear. 

Like me. 

For the first time ever, I saw Celeste falter. She had always been sure of herself, her decisions, but for one moment she faltered, realized what had happened. Realized that I had tricked her. 

She turned around, faster than I’d ever seen her, and punched me in the gut. I only had time to notice that the Power coating her knuckles was now much darker.||
***
Heaven and Hell played by the rules.

They literally put their people in boxes and put them in front of us – not exactly some ingenious strategy, though to be fair to them, it was the only one they knew. Never had they fought as humans did – using squads and smaller, more precise units. To them, this was power. 

It would be their downfall. 

The battlefield was open with no cover, except for those buildings, so their strategy wasn’t literally suicide, but the human method was still effective. Squads had their own targets and could help each other when needed.

I sat in a makeshift headquarters back at base, surrounded by TV screens showing me various views of the battle, marking where our squads were, a headset around my ears. Not that I needed them. I sat in the room, because, well, it was the place to be. Generals no longer led from the head of an army, but from the center. I was the brain, and these computers were to be my eyes. But I was War. And where was happened, I was there. Every swing, every bullet, every dodge. It was all me. 

We had no armor on the ground, but we had managed to get some jets up and running – the portal to heaven didn’t exactly lend itself to driving tanks and flying planes through it – it was a square which each side as tall as I was. We jumped in to this hole in the middle of a vat of magma and were spit out here in the fields of heaven. 

“To all squadrons,” I said into my headset. My voice would filter to about a dozen people who would further relay their commands down the line. “Do not engage the three figures on horses.”

“Reason, Madam President?” one of the leaders asked. 

Another thing Heaven and Hell didn’t understand. Initiative. They relied on blind obedience, while these humans realized the value of individual thought. I would’ve said it anyways, but still, it brought a smile to my lips. How this species hadn’t already taken over the realms, I didn’t understand. 

“You’ve heard of the horsemen, yes?” I asked. 

“I thought there were four,” another voice said. 

“Luckily for us, there are only three.” If only they knew why. “I’ve been advised to steer the hell away from them. Copy?”

A series of affirmatives went through the channel. I closed my eyes and let the battle engulf me. 
***
I opened my eyes. 

Not that I had eyes, really. I was distantly aware of my body, but it was that: distant. I was the battle itself. Heaven and Hell stood like a solid line, and my humans were worms looking to burrow their way through. I was them and they were me.

I went where I was needed. 

***
**Assault from Air**: Squadron Leader Cassandra

The heavens – quite literally – spread out before me. The light seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere at once, and not a single cloud was in the sky. I had perfect visibility for hundreds of miles because Heaven apparently was just…plains. No hills, no mountains, no ridges. It was fantastic. True freedom. All pilots dream of flight like this – perfect, no restrictions. Just me, my jet, and the open skies. Though my joy was hampered somewhat by the massive writhing mass that were the armies of heaven and hell. 

“Alpha-1, ready,” I said. 

“Apha-2 ready,” Jennifer called out.  

“Alpha-3 ready,” Mark said. 

“Alpha-4 ready,” Gus echoed. 

 “We’re the only air support we have today,” I cautioned. “I don’t want any god damn heroics got it? If you’re damaged or if you’re outgunned, *return* to safe airspace. We cannot afford to lose these planes. It will be a bit before we can assemble more.”

“Aww, cap, I didn’t know you cared,” Gus said over comms and Mark laughed. I could just imagine Jennifer rolling her eyes. 

“You misheard, Gus,” I said with a slight smile. “I care about the *jets,* not you.”

More laughter. 

“Alright,” I said, growing serious as the computer told me we were approaching the checkpoint. “Get ready to raise hell.”

We passed over a part of their forces – my god there were so *many* – I shouted “Drop!”

“Drop!” echoed the three other pilots and with that we were all banking left, bombs raining below us. I looked down from the left of my cockpit and saw the hellfire explosions rip through their ranks. Taking out dozens instantly and injuring ten times that. 

“They expecting medieval warfare or something with those ranks?” Mark said with a whoop.

“Bogies,” Jennifer warned and sure enough, my radar showed a dozen or so dots heading our way in the skies. 

“Scatter!” I yelled and banked hard to the right. Jennifer kept going ahead while Mark and Gus veered left. On the radar I saw four of them peel off and follow on my tail. “I got four on me!” I said. 

“Three,” Jennifer called. 

“Mark and I got the rest of the party,” Gus said. 

He was interrupted by the proximity alarms blaring. I pitched the jet down and a fireball sailed above me. One of those flying demon things then. Another alert and I banked hard right, as another fireball zoomed to my right. I continued ducking and weaving for a few more seconds amid the onslaught. I gritted my teeth, dammit, I couldn’t shake them. 

My arms moved on their own. 

It was as if something, no, some*one* else had possessed me. I braked, hard, and my head jerked ahead – I probably would’ve snapped my neck if it weren’t for the belt, but I watched as the demons squawked and moved to the side to avoid slamming into the jet – they hadn’t expected the change in speed. For the first time I actually *saw* them. They looked like a strange mix of giant apes and goats, with huge scaly wings the size of my jet. I couldn’t believe those things could keep up with me. 

I watched one of them *turn around* while maintaining its speed, and I gaped. Again, my arms moved on their own. I fired a burst of 30mm cannon into the demon and it went down before it could fire. The other demons had caught on by now and spread their wings to slow down and try to get behind me again. I – or whoever was controlling me – changed orientation faster than I could blink and another demon went down filled with lead. Another one slowed down all right…only to be slammed by a steel wing. It vomited something – its guts? – onto the plane before falling.

The last one managed to get behind me again, but my arms were moving again. The plane turned a sharp right, and my innards threatened to burst out my side at the intense g-forces, but I saw the demon fly past me on the left with an annoyed squawk. It wasn’t enough… 

The demon exploded in a shower of lead. 

“Captain,” Jennifer said. The radar showed a green triangle to the front and left and sure enough, there was Jennifer, already veering away. “Good move, luring em, to me. Those bastards are hard to get off your tail.”

But it hadn’t been me. I was in the plane, yes, but I was sure, *sure* the movements weren’t mine. I’d be dead if they had. I debated asking Jennifer about it…no. I was the leader, I couldn’t come off as some insane person who lost her head in the battle.

“Well, they don’t pay me the big bucks for nothing,” I said with a shaky laugh as we moved to help Gus and Mark.
***

**Ground Assault**: Private Collins

We whooped as we saw the bombs fall on their forces. The cylinders exploded into hellfire and spread from creature to creature – red demons with horns, to unimaginably perfect looking people with halos.

“Go, go, now!” Commander Becket’s voice yelled into my earpiece. “Remember – we have to take out the Angel!” The three of us, Me, Morgan, and John scrambled forward, and next to us dozens of other squads did the same. We would watch our team’s back first, then worry about them. 

As soon as we moved, the demons began catapulting fire at us, and some of heaven’s minions – men and women dressed in all white wearing swords charged us. 

“Make it to the buildings!” Becket screamed. That had been the plan. We had no cover except in this godforsaken place except for those golden buildings. We’d specifically chosen this place because there were hundreds of small ones in this part of heaven. 

I ran, heartbeat pounding in my ears, breathing heavily as I run with the gun – no one ever talked about how heavy they are in the movies. A ball of fire whistled above my head and another baseball sized one landed where I was about to step. I looked around to see the other squads. Most were still running, but a couple danced as they burned, their screams carrying across the heavens. 

John grimaced. “This is really he–” he began but was cut off as a fireball slammed into his head. He didn’t even speak. One second John had been talking and the next there was a headless corpse. The sheer force of it hand blown his head to smithereens. His body walked forward for a moment, a pathetic parody of running, before collapsing forward, his legs twitching. 

I stopped, looking at the body as fire rained around me. 

I blinked. Somebody was yelling at me. I looked to my left to see Morgan, her blue eyes wide, blond hair in disarray. She screamed my name again. If only I could *hear* something. She pointed at her ears and I instinctually felt mine…wet. I looked at my hand and it came away with blood. When had that happened?

Suddenly Morgan stopped pulling. At that I perked up, fearing the worst. The heaven-warriors were getting closer now, they’d be on us in second – We weren’t going to make it to the golden buildings. But Morgan was alright…I thought. Her face went from confused to calm to completely expressionless. No fear, anger, nothing. Just plain. And…was that the reflection of the fire or had her eyes turned red?

Morgan turned away and sidestepped for no apparent reason, and a second later a fireball tore through the ground where she’d been standing. She lifted her gun up to her shoulders and fired into the crowd of warriors – they’d be on us any moment. She fired in controlled bursts, just as they’d taught. Three shots into the head of a girl with blond hair. She went down without a cry, her white clothes splattered with crimson. A young-looking man, dead. A man in his 40s, dead. 

Demons were, well, demons, but the soldiers of heaven looked all too human. 

And before it had even occurred to me take out my gun, they were on me. Swords swinging, teeth bared. 

Just as I’d begun to move my gun up to fire I just couldn’t. I couldn’t bend, couldn’t move. And that’s when I noticed the point of the sword sticking out of my stomach. I managed to look behind to find a child, she couldn’t have been older than 13, with her sword through me. She glared at me with eyes full of hate and pulled it out. There was no pain for some reason. I’d always thought being stabbed would be more painful, but it wasn’t. I tried to move, to turn around, but I just collapsed, staring up at the sky. 

The girl who’d stabbed me stepped over me, sword ready for one final strike before she cried out as a dozen bullets slammed into her. Not Morgan’s controlled fire but panicked fire of soldiers like me. She twitched and convulsed as the bullets ate into her. 

She was dead before she hit the ground. 

I hadn’t known what I’d been expecting. To be rescued then? But no one came. I just watched, bleeding out, as the battle raged on. I saw demons, friends, and Angels cut down, get blown up or get riddled with bullets. I was just one corpse out of hundreds. Why did I matter. 

Soon the screams and gunfire died, as did the clang of steel. It seemed like hours, but at the rate I was bleeding? It had probably been minutes. There was silence and darkness…finally, but there was something else. Tapping. Trotting.

A horse. 

I opened my eyes to see *Morgan* she was still alive, wearing that cold, expressionless face that wasn’t like her at all. I’d known her for years. She cried, laughed, raged. She was an emotional person, not a…machine. She was holding one of the heaven warriors’ swords now, her gun lying on the ground near her feet, an angel with black hair on his knees before her. His lips formed a word. Morgan cut his head clean off. 

And then he came. 

One second, it was nowhere, and then it was there. A hooded figure with riding on a horse of bones. When it spoke I felt…at peace. It was voice like my mother’s when she lulled me to sleep. 

“This is what you’ve become, War?” It said in that melodic voice again. “You’re wearing mortal skins now? Pathetic.”

It swung its scythe and Morgan moved to parry it. It was a beautiful move, so fast that I barely saw her sword move, and she caught the Scythe with her blade. 

At which the scythe cleanly cut through the blade and embedded itself in Morgan’s neck. 

I saw her expression shift from the eerie calm to abject terror. Her eyes widened, and she looked at the scythe embedded in her then at the man on the horse. Her lips trembled. The creature on the horse jerked its scythe free and Morgan fell without a word. 

“Face me yourself, War,” the creature said. Finally, finally, with the sweet sound of its voice, I went to sleep.

***

I was back in my body in the room with the screens. I’d helped where I could, turned the tide of dozens of small battles skirmishes. We were winning , but it was not enough. It would take too long and be too expensive to chew through all of them. We needed to make a statement, topple their strongest. 

It was time to find my brethren.||

“I think I deserve an explanation.”

I looked up to find Celeste, her white hair tied in a long braid standing next to me, one hand on her hip. 

She hadn’t been alienated, precisely. She had made connections, and human connections are notoriously hard to sever. My people still talked to her, but they didn’t touch her. They didn’t put their arm on her shoulder, and were always wary near her, as if afraid she would suddenly turn and run them through. It was infuriating to watch, and I had done it to her.

*For the Greater Good,* said a voice in my head. 

*The motto of the damned,* said another. 

I nodded. “Walk with me?” I said, making it a question. We still trained – in private of course, because both of us knew the importance of that, but we didn’t talk, and her blows sometimes came a little harder than they needed to be.

She nodded, and we set off from my fire.

It had been three rests since our “duel.” The Priestess assured me we were almost there, just one more rest and the city would come into view, and another rest before we got there, but progress had gotten slower. We were resting more often for some reason, and some people were coughing almost constantly. The only good thing was that our eyes had gotten more used to the dark, my and I could see more clearly in the dark. 

Almost everyone was sleeping, black bundles in the semi-darkness, but I saw the Priestess stir slightly when we walked past and knew she was awake. She had likely been awake even before Celeste had posed her question. 

We walked the sleeping bodies without a word, but even when we were past them we didn’t say anything. The silence stretched for seconds, then minutes. We just walked in general away from camp.

I think I was more surprised than her when I spoke. 

“I used to be a priest,” I said, “of one of the Five.” 

Celeste looked like she wanted to ask me something, but closed her mouth as soon as she opened it, as if afraid breaking the silence would stop me talking. But I had to talk to someone, had to have someone see my perspective. 

“The Five Great Religions, I mean. You’ve seen the Cross on my sword – you know which one I belong to. The five most widely spread ones, or well, four. We’re considered the fifth ones,” I said and laughed mirthlessly, “It’s the Gods’ idea of a joke I think.”

“But regardless,” I continued. “I was a Priest. The City…you can’t even imagine. These outskirt cities pale in comparison.” I paused for a moment as I recalled the grand cathedrals, the stained windows, the echoing halls…  I shook my head and continued. “Everyday I would lead sermons, talk of faith, and give reassurances.  Though we had millions hear us every day, none of us had names. None. We were all just called Priest. The more traditional ones insisted they just be called Vessel – a vessel for God”

“Why?” Celeste asked.

“To not become an object of Faith,” I said, “a God.”

Celeste frowned – “that makes no sense. We’re human, we can’t…” she trailed off. 

I laughed. “Can’t what? Wield Power?” I asked, “be able to compete with Gods?” 

“So,” she paused to cough, “no name, means no worshiping?” Celeste managed to ask.

“No,” I said, “it’s part of it. The other part is not getting too close to the people,” I glanced pointedly at her, “not becoming heroes to them. We had to appear leaders sure, but not Gods. Gods protect, we were supposed to serve.”

“So…people were worshiping me? That’s why you had to make me look like a psychotic bitch in front of all of them?” she asked, her tone icy. It was incredible how much her English had improved. She frowned for a moment then cocked her head. “Wait, you were worried I would become more powerful than you?" Her tone gained an edge to it. "That their worship would mean you wouldn’t be able to control me?”

“You’re already much more powerful than I am, Celeste,” I said bluntly, “I was trying to protect you.”

She snorted. “I don’t think preventing me from having human contact is protecting me, I, unlike you, happen to enjoy it.”

“Listen to me, dammit!” I said, and we stopped walking. “You’ve seen this world,” I said gesturing to the hell around us, “you think anything comes for free? That people would believe in you and you would gain magical powers? Faith gives you power, and takes away free will. You begin to become an extension of your followers’ wills, an image of it. In other words, you’re not human anymore.”

She recoiled at that. “I wouldn’t let that happen!” she said, and stomped a foot on the ground, “I’m me, no one, no God, no man changes that.”

I actually smiled at that, genuinely smiled. I would have ruffled her hair if she wouldn’t cut my arm off. “Which is why you’re as strong as you are, Celeste. Our power,” I held out my palm and a small black flame blossomed in my palm, comes from *us.*  Faith in our self, and in this land Faith is Power.”

“So why aren’t there more of us?” she asked, “We can’t be only ones who have Faith in ourselves.”

And there it was, the ingenuity of the whole system. “You’ve met people in this world right? I mean, before meeting me.”

She nodded.

“And how were they?” I asked, “confident? Rebellious?”

“Broken…” she almost whispered, “they had no cause to go on, goal other except living.” 

Just as I’d thought. I’d wandered this land for longer than her probably, and I’d met only a handful of people with any sort of drive to do *something* about their situation. Most hunkered down and tried to survive. “What else can you expect from those who are constantly hunted?” I asked, “at the mercy of monsters? But people who aren’t…”

“The people who aren’t put their Faith in Gods,” she finished. Finally, she understood the great ploy. The ingenious way Gods, and by extension their followers, had consolidated power. Those that didn’t worship – they were useless. 

She cocked her head considering as we continued to walk. She looked at me, her eyes narrowed, and nodded. It wasn’t a big gesture, but it was something. She’d always resent what I did to her, she was human after all, but she understood. That was more than I could ask for. 

Before we turned back to camp however, I looked in the other direction and a faint glow in the sky. 

Celeste echoed my thoughts. “The sun shouldn’t be there…” she trailed off as she connected the dots. 

The fatigue, the increased light, the coughing. 

The City ahead of us was burning. 

***

Sorry for the ridiculous delay guys, but here it is. This part is a bit slow, but I feel it is needed to explain the nature of the world. Next part will be very, ah, fun. Trust me. 
No exams for another week! Work is over for the year! I actually have free time! Next story up in 48 hours!We walked towards hell. 

It was the three of us of course. Me, Celeste, and the Priestess. The rest of our people had stayed back, staring wide eyed at the bright flames. Celeste took the lead, and her long white hair was lose; the strands floated randomly as if she were underwater. The fire’s smoke didn’t choke us – Celeste’s power made sure we breathed fresh air. But soon the smoke would be the least of our problems. We had arrived at the Gates. 

The City burned in front of us. 

It was no natural fire. Even as I watched the flames around a particularly tall tower turned suddenly blue and erupted in a brilliant pillar, causing the three of us to avert our eyes. When we turned back the flame, and the tower, were gone. The Gates were shut tight, with just a pair of wings drawn on them. I’d thought the monsters had gotten in, but clearly they hadn’t.  

“I don’t like this, Heretic,” the Priestess said, which gave Celeste a laugh – a genuine one. 

“What give you that idea? The fire, the dead city or the smoke?” Celeste said without looking back. 

The Priestess scowled, but I couldn't help but smile privately. This girl was a rarity. 

“Those, sure,” I said, “but Something Else lurks in the City.”

And just like that fire stopped burning. 

It did not go out, it just stopped existing. One second the whole world was lit up with the brilliant light of the fire, and the next we were plunged into darkness – our pupils adjusting from the sudden change in light. 

Instinctively we all moved close together as all humans do in the dark. I held the Priestess’ hand in one hand and Celeste’s in the other. For a moment there was total darkness and total silence. 

And then there was a roar that would have been heard for miles and the fire suddenly burst up through the city again, even brighter than before. And like an arrow from a bow a figure burst out and up from the center of the city. Only when its wings unfurled, and it roared again did I realize what it was. 

A Dragon. 

Its wingspan was about a hundred or so, and fire trailed behind its wings as it flew towards us. It was covered in gold scales and about fifty feet long. It was a mile away, then half that, then half that again, and…

“Celeste!” I shouted, realizing what was going to happen a moment before it did. 

“Got it,” she said, her voice tight. She extended her arms outward as the Dragon opened its maw to unleash Gold-White Power at us. One second I was looking at the Dragon’s wicked sharp teeth then nothing but white. 

The fire rushed out towards us and then went around us, as if we were in some sort of fireproof sphere. For a solid second the fire passed over us, with flashes of gray Power as Celeste’s Power fought against the Dragon’s. Then the fire stopped, and the Dragon was past us. Even as I watched it began to turn around for another strafing run.

“What the hell is that?” Celeste asked in a matter-of-fact kind of voice. 

“A God,” The Priestess said, awed. 

I couldn’t help but be awed as well. It had been long since I’d seen divine power like that, not since I’d been exiled. The closest I’d come was the gray of Celeste’s power. There was something terrible yet beautiful about Divine Power - a sort of purity.

The Dragon came towards us, and again Celeste extended her arm forward, but the Dragon didn’t attack. Instead it hovered over us for a moment, each flap of its wings sending gales of wind towards us. Then it landed with a thump a few feet in front of us. Its body was covered in gold scales, and its wings were blood-red. Its eyes were gold pools as large as my head. It spread its wings to their full span and unhinged its jaws, revealing long sharp teeth and a forked tongue, and let out a ground-shaking roar. 

“Very impressive,” Celeste said in a deadpan voice, “I’m trembling with fear.”

The Dragon lashed its tail stared at her. “Watch your mouth girl,” it growled in an impossibly deep voice, “you stand in the presence of a higher being.”

“We mean you no harm, Great One,” the Priestess said, her eyes wide, “we only meant to-”

“Convince my people to let your filth into my City?” the Dragon finished, a puff of smoke rose from its nostrils, “I should think not. It’s the next best thing to letting monsters in.”

I didn't bother saying we'd wanted to Convert its people. “The monsters resided in the City, not outside,” I said instead. 

The Dragon somehow harrumphed. “Your people are stubborn enough to not put your Faith into a God, and instead become fodder for the monsters who besiege us, yet my people are the monsters?”

“People who think of those who don’t Believe as monsters are the very definition of it to me,” I said.  

“What happened to your City, Great One?” The Priestess asked, completely ignoring me. I didn't like the direction this was going. 

At that the fires in the City suddenly flared pure gold behind us, and the Dragon’s eyes practically glowed. “They chose to be brave,” the Dragon said, and actually looked away from us. Its tone gave me all the answers I needed. 

I shook my head, and the Priestess gaped. 

“No…” she said. 

Celeste looked confused. “Would someone explain?”

The Dragon bared its fangs. “Ignorant Faithless,” it snarled. “My City was besieged by monsters – it would soon fall, and my people would only strengthen the monsters. I was…too weak to protect them, but I could offer them a way out, an honorable continuation.”

“You consumed them,” I said. It was the ultimate testament of Faith, giving oneself completely to your God, giving your very soul to God.

“Unlike your people, my people would rather not strengthen the monsters who would end us all,” The Dragon said. 

Celeste looked positively disgusted. “They…they would rather give up their will than have a chance to survive? The smallest chance?” Her lips twisted into a snarl. “Cowards.”  
 
The Dragon’s lips bared into a snarl, but before he could say anything, the Priestess whirled towards Celeste. “It is the ultimate sacrifice, the utmost act of bravery, girl!” She said, still refusing to call her by name. 

Celeste just blinked, taken aback by the outburst. I could see how the card were going to fall but Celeste didn't, not yet. So as much as I wanted to start backing up, I held my ground, waiting for Celeste.

The Dragon nodded. “At least someone within you bears some respect,” it said. “They were brave indeed, my followers, and I will not let their sacrifice go in vain. Their Faith will live on, be it in cretins such as you and your party.”

“What are you saying?” The Priestess asked, her voice tinged with hope. 

“I will offer you and your party a home in my City, yes, even the formerly Faithless,” It added. “Just worship me, and you will live the rest of Eternity in safety.”

I shook my head and Celeste harrumphed. “That would just delay the issue Dragon, and you know it," I said. "A few hundred followers might give you enough Power to keep the City safe for years to come, but eventually you will be forced to consume them too.”

“You don’t know that,” the Priestess snarled back. 

I sighed. “Yes…I do, and I think you do too,” I said, knowing it would do no good. I’d known the conversation would go this way when the Priestess had called the Dragon great one.

“And so I offer you a choice, Faithless,” the Dragon declared, “and I will offer it to you four hundred companions too. Accept my generous offer, or I will be forced to cleanse you to prevent you from falling to the Monsters.”

“Quite a generous God you are,” Celeste said in a dry tone. 

“I accept, Great One! And I’m sure my people will too!” The Priest said, close to tears. “They have wandered Godless, Faithless for too long.”

“No,” I said.

The Dragon cocked its head towards me. “No? Truly, you must have gone insane.”

“I’m with him,” Celeste said, coming closer to stand next to me. “I think I’ll take the option that has a chance of me living, of me actually mattering, thank you very much.” 

Again, a fierce pride blossomed through my chest at her words. I’d found at least one true companion in my quest. 

“Then you will be cleansed,” The Dragon said matter of factly, “I will propose the same choice to the others then cleanse you all at the same time.”

“No,” I said again, “you will not go anywhere. You will perish here.”

The Priestess scowled at me, and the Dragon smiled, revealing a few fangs. “Truly, you wish to damn us all,” the Dragon said, as if he couldn’t quite believe it. 

The Priestess shook her head. “You won’t even give them the choice,” she said, her voice rising. “You’re afraid they will abandon your little quest and go to a life of safety instead, a life they want!”

“This God, is practically holding them at knife point, that’s no choice at all!” Celeste said, and finally she began to see what the upcoming fight was going to be. She and I began to take a few steps back from the Dragon…and the Priestess.

The Priestess laughed mirthlessly. “Even if the Dragon had offered to let them all go if they refused, the Heretic still wouldn’t have let them hear the offer,” the Priestess said. 

“You and I both know that isn’t true, he would never do that” Celeste snarled, “you’re just taking the easy way out.”

The Dragon, Priestess and I all knew that Celeste was wrong about me. 

“Enough talk,” the Dragon said, and with that it belched a lance of pure Power, and the Priestess charged Celeste, her sword drawn.*I walk through the valley of Shadow and Death.* 

It is dark, and the valley is littered with corpses. I should have been screaming, and perhaps I am, but I I'm supposed I am used to it. This is the fate of the damned, the Unfaithful: eternal rest - true death. 

True death. 

Despite the location I laugh at the thought. What is true death but the death of the soul? And what is the soul but the sum of a soul's hope, its dreams and aspirations. 

Yet here I was. I suppose that makes me a walking corpse. 

Footsteps. It is hard to tell whether it was human or otherwise. The corpses on the ground muffle the sound of the steps, but I can tell it is coming from one of the smaller valleys connecting to the larger one. 

*I fear no evil*

I stood ready, quiet as a corpse. It had been stupid to laugh, to forget where I was, what I was. A target, alone. A meal to the things that wander the wastelands, a meal to the things the corpses themselves would become. 

Two shapes launch out of the crevice. I breathe a sigh of relief. They are people, so far. One is a boy, in his twenties most likely and a woman of around the same age. They are holding hands as they run. 

The relief evaporates when I see the hulking figure behind them. 

It is...grotesque. It is a hunk of meat with uneven fleshy legs, with bulging tumors that seem ready to burst. It has one long arm that it uses as leverage to make great leaps. As it got closer I see that the flesh was human. Human torsos jut out of the thing everywhere. There is no name for such a creature but horror. 

*My sword and my staff, they comfort me*

Immediately, my hands find my sword in my right and my staff in my left. 

"Get down!" I shout, my voice booming across the valley. The couple hears me and falls to the ground, practically cuddling with the corpses that littered the ground - indistinguishable but for the rapid rise and fall of their backs.    

The horror of course, keeps coming. I slam my staff down and reach for power. I do not know where the power comes from. It used to come from faith, but I doubt I have faith anymore and the power still worked. Once a fellow wanderer, never religious in the first place, was able to use it too. I like to think of it as resolve, a belief in men, rather than in God. But who knows?  

Regardless, bright light, though not quite pure, burst out of the staff in a beam, and hit the horror right through it's arm, severing it. The beast lets out a screech that pierces my ear drums and collapses. Without stopping I charge to it, an impure flame sheathing my blade. 

One of the human torsos reaches out and tries to grab me, but i kicked it, and the torso's spine snapped with sickening crack. I almost don't see the severed arm stump somehow jump towards me. Almost. But at the end moment I roll out the way and launch another blast of the staff at it - evaporating the arm completely. 

Then, finally, I ran up to horror and plunge my blade into what I hoped was its head. 

The whole body convulses, as if having a seizure. Another weak yowl erupts from the beast - and it is still. 

*I fear no evil, even if You are not with me*

The couple comes to their feet behind me. I can't really make out features except for gender. They say something in a language I didn't quite understand - but the message was clear. It is a thanks. Then he stops and stares at my sword. I follow his gaze and see what he is looking at - a tiny cross embedded in the hilt. 

The couple takes a step back. They are suspicious, angry, resentful.  Of course they are. They take me for a religious man, one who lives in comfort whereas they rot. When the religious die they go behind walled cities, protected by their God. The Unfaithful are left to the beasts. The man says something to the woman and glares at me. They turn to leave. 

The woman apparently did speak some English, and says one last phrase before turning away and running with her partner. 

"God be with you," she says, and runs. Somehow the words seem like a curse rather than a blessing. 

I remember when I first found out the great secret. That the walls were not built to protect us from the evil, but also to keep out the non-believers. I remember the arguments with the higher ups, my resolve to go out to the public. We had a right to know. Those people out there deserved to at least have their story told. These kids deserve to have their story told. I remember the kidnapping in the dark, the swift excommunication on charges of heresy. The bitter laugh with which they had tossed me my sword and staff and wished me luck. 

And so I look to the couple, young, naive, afraid. Whose only fault was to not believe, and I felt that same familiar anger rise up in me. When I spoke I finally, truly, severed ties. I became a forced exile no longer, but a willing one.

"There is no God," I say to no one but the dead monstrosity, the corpses, and what is left of my soul.“You can’t take her,” I said as I pushed Celeste out of the way. 

Celeste rolled her eyes. “Right, I can’t take a human Priestess without Power, but I can take the immortal Dragon God. Sound reasoning,” she said, but she turned to face The Dragon. I didn’t know if she could take the Dragon, but I knew for a fact she couldn’t take the Priestess. I stepped back from a slice that would have taken her legs off. Celeste relied too much on Power. 

All peripheral thought faded however as the Priestess feinted left and struck for the right, I parried, holding my sword diagonally and let her blade slide off the flat of mine, and swung from the left down. The Priestess jerked back on reflex, but I was expecting it. I hammered a punch towards her stomach, but she flexed, and it seemed like my fist hit cords of steel. She slammed the pommel of her sword against my side, and I reeled back. 

The Priestess didn’t follow up as I’d expected. Her teeth were gritted in pain and she was massaging her stomach wither her free hand. 

“How can you live with yourself, Heretic,” she said, “you claim to be the champion of Man, of the oppressed, and yet you deny them the most basic right – the right to choose.”

I didn’t say anything, not yet. The fact that she was talking at all during a fight, meant she felt some guilt over her betrayal. Something she needed to resolve. So, she could be convinced. I took a moment to glance over at Celeste just in time to see launch a small blow while the Dragon was talking, almost making me smile. 

I took a careful step forward in a safe thrust. She edged to the right and slashed at my arm. I blocked and we both retreated a couple steps. 

“Our people will be safe, Heretic, don’t you understand that? We will all perish in this cursed land,” she said, her voice filled with anguish. “Only walls and God’s grace can keep us safe from the monstrosities!”

Without warning she ran forward and slashed at my face. I didn’t quite manage to step back in time and she managed to score a cut on my forehead. Immediately, blood started pouring down and blocking my vision. 

“How arrogant can you be?” she said. 

She slashed at my feet and I managed to block it. She then hammered a punch into my solar plexus. Pain exploded in me, and I fell back. But the Priestess kept coming.

I blinked the blood out of my eyes and managed a clumsy strike which she batted away. 

“Man is nothing without faith, Heretic, without God.” Another strike that I barely managed to block. I didn’t even try to attack anymore. I just barely managed to deflect or step out of the way of her attacks. I needed to fall back, to get the range advantage so I could have the second I needed to use Power, but she didn’t relent. Then at the edge of my vision I saw Celeste, and what I saw made me start for a fraction of a second. 

When already on the defense, a fraction of a second is all the opponent needs. 

“You claim to want to save us, but you will just damn us.” She swung her sword at my throat and my parry was an inch too low. She was about to slit my throat. 

Instead of a white-hot line of pain, it suddenly felt like I had been hit with a battering ram. There was a bright flash and I was thrown to the ground, followed immediately by the Dragon’s roar. A mix of pain and anger. 

I stayed on the ground for a moment, and felt my throat. Still intact. I remembered Celeste – how she’d looked right before the blast. Her white hair was outlined in black flame, floating around in her in a halo. Power, dark and thick was coiled around her, like a snake, and she had been holding two disks above the palms of her hand. She looked…powerful, terrifying. But that wasn’t what worried me. 

What worried me was that she had been smiling. 

I couldn’t make out anything except for the red dust that floated everywhere, but I heard the Priestess’ footsteps on the ground and I jumped to my feet just in time to block another strike from the Priestess. I pushed her back, and she ducked and darted a blow towards my knees. I brought down my sword in time to block, and we backed up a bit. The blood wasn’t gushing over my eyes anymore and the we were back in neutral. Once you lose the advantage in a sword fight you either die or run away – I’d gotten lucky. 

“I don’t blame you for betraying us,” I said. 

The Priestess raised an eyebrow. “*Betraying* you?! I’m doing what’s best for the group!”

But she didn’t attack. 

Taking it as good sign, I continued. “You believe in God, in Faith, and I understand that. To you, a God corrects all that is wrong.”

She stood frozen. Listening or coiling for the next strike?

“But that *thing* is no God, or a pale imitation of one.”

The Priestess raised an eyebrow. “The Dragon in a God, Heretic, you and I both felt the divine Power.”

“Can God be beaten by Man?” I asked her. 

Just then I saw Celeste be hit in the shoulder from the God, now in human form it seemed. It felt like someone was squeezing my heart in their grip when I saw her face contort in pain. Still, I forced myself to concentrate, both our lives depended on it. 

“Answer the question, Priestess,” I said when she just looked at me. “If it is as you say, that Gods can protect us, can defend us, then they must be more powerful than us. But if we humans can beat them, then, well, we don’t need their protection, do we?”

I heard Celeste *laugh,* and in my peripheral vision Celeste was surrounded in a tornado of Power, and she was actually floating off the ground. The way the Power around her moved, it felt like it was…alive. In front of me the Priestess’ eyes narrowed. I had to finish it off. She was listening, I just had to convince her.

“So, betray us if you feel you have met such a being,” I said, “following your Faith is no betrayal. But leaving us at the first sight of hope, not knowing if its real or just a glimmer – that’s a betrayal.” I felt the barest hints of Power in my voice, amplifying it a bit, making it more solid. The minor things that make a world of a difference. 

With that, I turned my back on her and rushed towards where Celeste was fighting the God. The Priestess could strike me down, cut me apart in a fraction of a second, but Celeste was wounded already. If she lost, I would soon follow. The only way to win was to take a risk. 

And so I prepared myself again for searing hot pain in my back as I ran towards the God, but it never came. In front of me the God clenched his fist, coated it with gold Power, and when I was a few feet away, drove it into Celeste vortex of Power. 

There was another flash, and this time both of them screamed in anguish. Still, I kept going. I had to get to her. 

They were both floating a foot or so of the ground. Celeste was coated in the dark Power, her teeth gritted in anger, and the God was coated in gold, her hand around Celeste’s throat. Celeste’s hands were on the God’s forearm, and I could see the God’s gold armor *melting* where Celeste’s hands touched it. 

“Such arrogance,” the God said with forced lightness, we could all hear the pain in his voice. “To think some human with a drop of power could have such delusions of grandeur. That they could even *think* they had the slightest chance to best a Go-”

I swung my sword at his unprotected neck, and his head flew off his shoulders.  

The body froze for a moment, and then its grip on Celeste faltered. It fell to the ground in a heap, next to its head, which still wore that arrogant sneer. Then the body just…evaporated. When Humans “die” in this land, their essence, Power, is consumed by whatever monster killed them It seemed Gods didn’t have a body – they were pure manifestations of Power. The Gold power swirled around, some of it going to me, but most went to Celeste, eagerly joining the Power that already surrounded her. The aura around her flared, and for a moment she looked like an avenging angel, white halo, dark wings, and pale white skin. 

Then she fell to the ground in a heap, and the Power faded into nothing. 

I managed to catch her head before it hit the ground, and gently laid it on the ground. I checked her pulse. Strong. She was still breathing. Even as I watched her eyelids fluttered. I breathed a sigh of relief. She was fine. 

I looked back towards the Priestess and she turned away just as I looked, her sword lying on the ground, but she was too late. 

I had seen her tears.**Celeste**

The Priest shouldered me out of the way as the Priestess bore down towards me, her curved saber drawn. The Dragon’s “fire” missed us by a few inches. I’d imagine if it was real fire I would’ve gotten some blisters on my skin, but this wasn’t fire – I’d felt that when I’d blocked it – it was a form of Power on its own, the kind of Power I’d wielded briefly before the Priest had decided to intervene. 

“You can’t take her,” The Priest said in that deep voice of his, as he raised his blade to meet the Priestess’ strike. 

I rolled my eyes. “Right, I can’t take a human Priestess without Power, but I can take the immortal Dragon God. Sound reasoning,” I said. 

The Priests didn’t bother to answer, but even as I watched the Priestess ducked under one of the Priest’s slashes and darted out a slice below his knees. She was fast, but the Priest seemed to have known what she would do, and was stepping backwards even as he swung, and the Priestess missed by inches. I would’ve been legless.  

I shook my head and focused on my fight. The Dragon was staring at me, its golden eyes narrowed. The thing was so much bigger than me it was almost comical. It opened its mouth to speak. “You mu-auch” It was cut off as I threw a lance of Dark Power into its mouth. The Power responded to my needs almost subconsciously, and it had prioritized speed over strength. Still, that had to have hurt. 

It reeled for a moment, and I used the time to put some distant between us. The Dragon roared – to scare me? I really don’t know – and launched a ball of Power out of its mouth. Again, I outstretched my arm, and the Power obeyed, shaping itself into a shallow dome, just as the ball hit it, and splattered like paint hitting a wall. 

That was just about enough of that. 

The Dragon never attacked after a breath of Power or any sort of ranged attack – all five times it had needed a handful of seconds to recover. So, I knew I had a window to act. Just as I nullified its blast I brought my arms to my side. Power gathered around them, sensing my need. Within seconds two roughly three feet wide disks of swirling power hovered over my palms. 

I relished the moment for a bit. The Power coursing through my veins, manifesting outwardly. My dark hair floated along the edges of my vision, tinged with black flames at the end. I knew in that moment, I could take on the world – I would ask, and the Power would answer. It was a living thing, I didn’t think the Priest realized it. He saw it as a tool to be used to achieve his goal, he didn’t realize that Power *was* the goal. The Power coiled around me. It liked me. 

I threw the disks. 

They flew towards the Dragon, crisscrossing each other’s paths. The Dragon stood there, eyes narrowed. It’s size worked against it – it would never avoid them. Or perhaps it didn’t think the two disks which were a bit bigger than its eyes could actually harm it. Regardless, it just stood there, with a sheen of gold power covering it when my disks hit. 

There was a bright flash, the sound of the Dragon roaring, and then a wave of force knocked me over to the red ground. 

I blinked several times, trying to clear my eyes of the white spots that kept floating around my vision, and trying to quiet the ringing in my ears. A faint red mist covered the ground – the red dust filling the air. Still, it took me a few seconds to lurch to my feet, the Power coiling around me still, lending me some support. I looked over and the Priest and the Priestess had already continued their deadly dance. The Dragon was nowhere to be seen. It was alive, I wasn’t fool enough to think I’d beaten it, but it was down at least. 

A small ball of power, orders of magnitude weaker than the two disks I’d just thrown appeared in my hand. It wouldn’t take much to take her down, Powerless as she was. I didn’t even hesitate. I’d trusted her, the priest had trusted her. I’d saved her life from the snake. And she had repaid us by betraying us to the first pathetic God she found. I launched the burst of Power towards her – her back to me. She would never react in time. The Priest and the Priestess continued their duel. The Priestess essentially a blur, while the Priest made slow, deliberate movements. But still, whenever the Priest tried to move away, to get a second or so to call the Power, the Priestess would follow striking at him. It was all he could do to attack and defend with his sword. 

I didn't know where the Priestess would be, but I knew where the priest would. That was good enough for me. I threw my ball of Power. 

For a second I thought I'd get her. I'd gotten lucky and the Priestess had stepped to the left to avoid a thrust - directly into the path of my attack.

Before it could reach her and rip her apart, a perfect line of pure gold intersected my burst – popping it like a bubble. 

Damn. 

I turned to look at the source of the gold power, expecting to see the Dragon, but as the red dust cleared there was no dragon there – there was a man. 

He was tall, as tall as the Priest, he had light skin, and the same intense gold eyes. His blond hair was long, reaching down to his neck. His fine clothes and severe scowl belonged on the face of royalty, which I suppose he was in a sense.

“You,” he said as he walked towards me, “are quite a bothersome tick.”

“Decided to drop the scary outfit?” I asked. 

He scowled and launched another precise beam of Gold. It wasn’t powerful, but it was fast, too fast. Before I could react to it struck me in the right shoulder, and went right through it. It felt as if someone had taken a hot needle and ran it through me. I cringed, and gritted my teeth against the amazing pain. Where the Dragon was slow and powerful, this form was fast and precise.

“The Outfit as you call it, no longer suited my needs,” he said. He launched another strike, but this time I was ready. I erected a shield of Power, but the beam went through it and struck me in the thigh. I winced as pain exploded once more. It hadn’t overpowered my shield – it was weaker than the Dragon’s previous blasts, but it was focused. It didn’t need to break my shield, just a small part of it. 

I thought about what the Priest had told me about Faith, about the nature of Power. The Dragon was just a skin to it – a form to inspire Faith and fear. But it had seen we still fought it without an issue – so it dropped, or was forced to drop, the form, and now fought us as a human. 

I tried to gather Power above my palm, but the God struck again, moving ever closer as he did. I yelped and stopped gathering Power, instead shielding only my palm. The beam struck, but didn’t penetrate my defense. 

“Tsk, tsk,” it said, “too slow, human.”

But by this time the God was only ten feet or so away from me. He was faster and more experienced. I was powerful, but I was slow. He could strike almost instantaneously, and even my weaker offenses took me about half a second to gather. I’d had range before, but now I’d lost even that. 

I laughed, and gathered Power. 

The pain faded away to tiny pricks. It was still there, but it was far away, unimportant. I gathered Power in a vortex around me. The God struck lightning fast, once, twice, three times. They all hit the vortex of Power around me and couldn’t go through, instead joining my personal tornado of Power around me. The Power urged me to ask for more, take more, wield more. 

Even the God stopped and cocked its head. Not worried but curious. “You’re…enjoying this?” he asked, frowning. 

I let my Power answer that question.Marie and I stood in the F-train heading towards Queens again, jostling us as it moved through the NYC underground. My home. Back where Beth and I had lived.

“You shouldn’t do this, Jeff,” Marie said. 

She’d been saying that. I’d just kind of silently walked, silent even as Marie produced a yellow MetroCard that was now needed to go on the subway. She was lying to me.  It couldn’t be real. It was impossible. 

Then again, it was also supposed to be impossible to be trapped for 20 years. 

“You won’t see her for a long, long time after your jump,” Marie was still talking. “This will just be torture for both of you.”

“So what the hell else am I supposed to do!?” I snapped. “Do I just lie down and accept your ridiculous idea? Even if it’s true, should I just abandon my old life!?” It was off-hour and the train was heading out of Manhattan rather than in, so there was only one other person in the car with us. He just rolled his eyes and walked to a different car. 

Marie bit her lip, frowning. She sighed. “Look, I get it, it’s–”

“Ridiculous. Unfair,” I finished for her. “Who the hell gets to decide that my life is this…ridiculous hop-scotch through time? Don’t I get a say?”

All that humor she’d had back in Korea Town was gone now. “No,” she said. “You don’t. So many people don’t get a say in the circumstances they’re born in, if they have some sort of birth defect.” She shook her head. “It’s a fantasy we have, that we can control everything, and it’s painful to have that ripped away from us. But you have to realize, it’s just that – fantasy.”

“Then what the hell is the point, huh?” I demanded. “If I can have an amazing girl, a great job, all after struggling to get where I am…only to have it ripped away, what the fuck is the purpose?”

Marie spread her arms. “I don’t have an answer, Jeff.”

I sat down on a seat and put my head in my hands. What else was there to do? I’d woken up this morning, kissed Beth, and taken the crowded early morning train, complaining about delays. How could things have gone this wrong…

Marie shifted from one foot to another, clearly unsure of what to do. “Do you…want to know more?” she asked. “I mean, just about all of it. The jumping. Your new life?”

I shrugged. What did it matter anyways? I’d had a perfect life, and now I was on a timer again. A bit over a year, Marie had said, before I’d be forced to jump again.

“There’s more like us,” Marie said and showed me her phone. I spared it a glance – it was some sort of spreadsheet, there 5 names associated with a host of times coming after. The jump times presumably. Me and Marie were two of them. 

“Brilliant,” I said. “5 out of 7 billion people – I should’ve played the lottery.”

“Actually, it’s 108 billion,” Marie said with a slight smile. “108 billion people have been born up until this point.”

I groaned. “Thanks, that makes me feel much better,” I said, shaking my head. Ridiculous as it was, I couldn’t help laughing at the sheer ridiculousness of it all. 

“Hey, it’s not all bad!” Marie said. “Some of the things I’ve seen…” She shook her head and looked past me out the window. The windows were really some sort of sick joke, as all there was to look at was gray cement – but Marie’s eyes were past that, as if staring at some breathtaking scene beyond.

“Have you been…like this for a long time?” I asked. 

Her eyes snapped back to me. “Yeah. I have.” She clearly didn’t want to say more.
Silence meant sinking into thoughts of Beth and my old life again, so I pressed. “Do you like the visits to the past more than the future?”

Unexpectedly, she burst out laughing at that. I frowned but she laughed for a solid minute. She was wiping tears out of her eyes by the time she stopped – I just looked at her with abject confusion. “Oh, man,” she said. “I don’t even remember what it’s like to think like that. Jeff, there is no past or future for us. One day you wake up in 2000, the next you wake up in 1123.” 

I clenched my jaw and looked down at my feet again. Right. I had no time, in every sense of that phrase. 

Marie seemed to realize her mistake. “Look, sorry, I didn’t mean it like that. The present is just…where I am at that time, and I make the most of it.”

“Well, I’m not,” I shot back. “I want a way out. I want to end this.”

“You’ve barely begun.”

“And you’ve never even tried!” I shot back. 

Marie laughed at that. I flinched. It was one of those laughs that contained everything but humor – it didn’t belong to someone like Marie at all. “You think the others haven’t tried, Jeff? It’s impossible. We’re stuck in this fate and it’s best not to try to interfere. Just go with the flow.”

I turned away from her, scowling. “Why even come here then? Why do the whole blind beggar routine? Why do you even care enough to do this?”

For the first time, I noticed her look away. She paused for a moment before answering in a soft voice, almost too soft to be heard over the sounds of the subway. “Just repaying the favor.”||
***
The humans have a saying – two heads are better than one. And so it was I sat at the council, surrounded by two men and a woman in uniform around a table. I knew the War, I could read every heart and mind, but still, there was something I could’ve missed, some pattern I might not have seen, and while they were not War, these humans were my war council, and even I had to admit – they were damn good. In a way, just as I had been shaped and empowered by was in all of history – and mostly through human history – these people had studied in books what I had lived, what I’d *been.*

“Talk to me,” I said, putting my hands on the table between us and leaning forward. 

General Roberts, a slim dark-skinned man with an intense gaze turned to me. “Our supply lines are intact, Madam President. You were right, we had…complications at the portal.”

“Elaborate.” 

“There were demons, the muscular ones who breathe fire.”

General Dunwells, a severe looking blonde with startlingly blue eyes, cut in. “We should’ve been able to deal with that, the hellfire weaponry can take them out in a single blast.”

General Roberts looked uncomfortable. “That’s the issue…they had help from inside our ranks.”

I leaned back and massaged my temples. Humans were great for the most part, but some were…just so irrational. How could they side with beings who slaughtered their own for no real benefit except to appease some idiotic religious complex. “Why the hell are we still dealing with these people?” I said, putting steel into my voice. “Are we not running background checks? Are we dealing with sleeper cells or something?”

General Intilli, an old man with pale skin and silver hair, who had remained quite so far, interrupted. “With all due respect Madam President, we cannot just bar everyone with a religious past from entering, our numbers would collapse.”

“And draft dodgers could use it as an excuse,” Dunwells added. 

I bit my lip in an amateurish show of pressure, but it comforted the generals. They probably wouldn’t like to see their leader as a cold blooded killer. “So…what *can* we do then, lady and gentlemen?”

The generals exchanged glances before Roberts spoke up. “Frankly…nothing. We gave to take it as an acceptable loss. It’s borderline impossible and too costly to check.”

I nodded, my mind racing. I could of course possess them one by one, but the odds of me finding one of those fanatics was next to none, since I could only possess people while they were fighting. “Fine,” I said at last. “The battle for heaven?”

“It’s going…well,” General Intilli said. 

I raised an eyebrow. 

Dunwells cut in. “We are winning, and if we can continue like this, we will eradicate them, but the losses would be,” she paused, considering her words. “…Catastrophic.”

Roberts nodded. “This will become a war of slow erosion, morale will falter and people will stop supporting it. Right now, there’s a fervor of pushing into heaven and of course, your considerable charisma in actually leading,” Dunwells and Intilli nodded and I could see the respect in their eyes. “But we will lose support if we continue like this.”

A silence settled over the room as 2 men, a woman, and I decided the fate of the three realms. Roberts sipped a cup of coffee. 

“What’s the reason we’re not completely demolishing them? Are the hellfire weapons…?”

“Oh, they’re quite effective,” Roberts said, “but there’s just so many of them. Billions.”

“Have we considered the nuclear option?” 

Silence settled over the room again. I waited. 

“There’s…uncertainty,” Intilli said. “We don’t know how it will react in this alien environment. We could all be killing ourselves as well if the whole environment ignites.”

I nodded. “I want our best people on this, Generals, is that clear?” 

Dunwells opened her mouth but I raised my hand. 

“I understand your concern. You don't want to take such a risk no matter the odds, and rest assured I will not risk it unless we need to. But I would like to keep it as an option just in case. Thoughts?”

The generals nodded and Roberts spoke. “I’ll focus R&D on it, Madam President.”

“Good,” I said. “Any other issues?”

At that exact moment what sounded like an alarm went off near General Dunwells. Roberts and Intilli flinched, but Dunwells calmly took out a communication device and held it to her ear. I watched her expression harden even further. Damnation. Bad news. “Thank you, lieutenant,” she said put the device away. 

“The horsemen, Madam President,” she sighed. “They show up on our critical fronts and disrupt them.”

“And both the demons and angels rally around them,” Roberts said. “We don’t know it it’s a psychological thing or literally something in their aura.”

“There’s your solution, or well, part of it, Madam President,” Intilli said. “Take out the horsemen and we may just break them.”

“And how do we do that?” Dunwells shot back. “Bullets don’t work, we’ve even had pilots drop bombs on them, and no avail. I don’t think they can be killed.”

I got up, and immediately all eyes swiveled to me. “Well,” I said, “let me think about this, we shall reconvene in a few hours.”

The generals looked confused, and Intilli seemed a bit offended at my abruptness. I let an embarrassed smile creep up on my face. “I apologize, just, I need to go to the bathroom right now.”

They blinked, and I cursed myself for that lapse in judgement. It was so much easier discussing war tactics, but strange as it were they got up and walked out, while I made my way to my bathroom. We weren't in tents any longer, a permanent structure 2 stories high and 10 stories underground served as the HQ of our army. Still as I passed the humans gave me deep nods, and the younger ones, interns I believe, just stared at me in awe as I passed. 

I wondered what they would think when they found out who I was. 

***

I closed the bathroom door, set the lid down, and sat on it. Not exactly dignified, but I couldn’t have anyone sneaking in. I closed my eyes and reached out, searching. The war still raged a few miles off the camp, and I jumped from soul to soul. 

An incoming blade. A fireball. Shooting an angel. Flying above the plains. Trying to revive a fallen comrade. Staring blankly at the oncoming rush of demons. Crying over some ashes. Cradling a dead body. A horde angels with wings ripped off, lying dead in the blood.

Ah, the beauty of it all. I savored in it, reveled in it. This, this was life. Humans pursued peace, and even Heaven and Hell wanted stability, the status quo, but this strife, this *War* brought change. It was the only time we truly lived, humans, demons, angels. When we fought for change. When we weren't static. 

A flash of gold light. A beautiful blonde woman with golden armor. A dark-haired angel. And there! A figure on a horse, bones sticking out against the skin. I focused. Not just possession, but *me* in all of my entirety. 

***
**Private Farland**

I saw the horse and I knew I was dead. The horse was awful enough, green skin, flies buzzing around its head. Everything turned red and the world shifted. It took me a moment to realize I was on the ground, convulsing. I touched my eyes, and they came away red with blood. I realized what I was looking at. Pestilence. Sickness incarnate. 

I wanted to reach out, shoot, do *something,* but the damn horseman was turning away already. Sophie’s face flashed before me. Again I saw my sister’s broken body from when the angels and demons had first attacked Rome. I’d signed up, I’d sliced and shot through hell and this is how I died? To some being I couldn’t do anything to? I gritted my teeth. No. Hell no. 

*Hello.*

The voice boomed in my head. It was a woman’s voice yes, but it commanded power, respect. There was a steel to it, and it was commanding. Not superior or proud, like some rich noble, no this was the voice of a general. 

*Would you like to fight back?* the voice asked. 

I tried to open my mouth to say yes but found I couldn’t move my lips, and my tongue was too heavy to lift. 

*Don’t worry, I hear you. I will need your permission to arrive through you.*

I didn’t even bother thinking. Was I going crazy? At that I managed a mental laugh. Here I was fighting angels and demons, facing a Horseman of the Apocalypse. How was a voice in my head crazy? What will happen to me? I asked the voice.

*You’ll die* the voice said, and I could just picture the shrug. *It won’t hurt, but it’ll be death.*

I didn’t want a quick death, I didn’t need the favor. Sophie had died slowly, the least I could do is do the same. 

*I am not offering you a quick death,* the voice said, amused. *I have no desire to bestow favors. I need an anchor close to Pestilence so I can kill that asshole.*

Oh, well she should’ve said that from the start.||
***
The Private’s body blew into smithereens as I emerged. 

For a fraction of a fraction of a second, it had held me, not my human avatar, but my true self. And the moral body had exploded like a balloon suddenly filled with air. And now I stood in the battlefield, not as a human, but War. 

I was clasped in light from neck to toe. Nothing showy or flashy, just effective. My eyes smoldered and my hair was a living thing, a flame moving of its own accord. My sword, my lifelong companion *Yudh* hung at my waist. Everything was sharp, precise. Every drop of blood, every pained cry, every step on the ground, I was aware of all of it. I didn’t speak a single word, but I might as well have roared. 

Around me humans, demons, and angels alike paused and turned to watch. I didn’t hear them, for none of them dared speak, but I felt the disturbances in the air as their lips moved. 

“Who? Why? Fuck? Demon? War.”

I held up my head and looked Pestilence squarely in the eye. He sat on top of his sickly horse, wearing green hooded robes, his face invisible. Even his hands were swallowed up by the robe – he was a walking ghost, disease incarnate. Around him, the lucky humans lay dead and the unlucky ones still breathed. Many bled from their eyes or had tumors as large as their heads. Another watched as the skin peeled off his bones…

The humans backed the hell away from us, staying far enough so that Pestilence wouldn’t reach them without trying. Pestilence’s horse disappeared. No fanfare, no puff of smoke, one second it was there, and the next it was not. Pestilence stood now, hands at his sides, in the middle of a circle made of angels, demons, and humans. 

20 feet to the right, 33 degrees, an angel straining her muscles, getting ready to fly. I didn’t even turn to look at her – best let her think she could sneak up on me. I waited. A second. Another. A shifting of the air and there! 

Without even turning around, I ducked, and *Yudh* was out of its sheath, it’s blade a smooth black, and embedded itself between the angel’s breasts, right through her heart. She gasped, a small, vulnerable sound. I turned around and she was already on her knees *Yudh* still stuck in her. I called it back and it detached itself in a single precise stroke and hung in front of me again, held by my will rather than my hands.

“A showoff as always, War,” Pestilence spoke. His voice had a grating, almost cough like quality to it. From the folds of that mysterious robe emerged two swords. They were thin, lighter, compared to *Yudh,* meant to be used together, a sword in each hand. Idiot. Two swords were good for carving your way out of a crowd, but one-on-one, there was a reason the longsword had dominated human combat for so long. 

I reached out and grabbed my sword from the air. Using will was fine against idiots and lesser enemies, but will could be overcome. To take *Yudh* out of my hands, Pestilence would have to cut them off. “And you always were an asshole, Pest.” I used the nickname I hadn’t for years and was rewarded with a flash of red eyes through the darkness pooling inside that hood. 

Pestilence charged. 

No information about muscles, no information about intent. We were horsemen after all. It was skill against skill. 

Pestilence swung both swords down in a classic overhead strike downwards. I moved my sword horizontally up and our blades collided, sending a tremor through me. We broke apart, but not before I managed a quick swipe with my legs but got nothing but cloth. 

The kick cost me and Pestilence lashed out again with his right sword. I took the smallest step backwards that would allow the sword to miss me. I could feel the miasma of sickness around the blade as it passed half an inch over my stomach. One hit and I’d be beat – he didn’t need a direct hit, he just needed to break skin. 

I predicted the other sword would be a slice to the left and dodged under it, slipping into Pestilence’s guard. Both of his swords were past me, and it would take him a fraction of a second to bring them back. Too long. I swung *Yudh* horizontally, intending to cut him in half but Pestilence *disappeared.* 

My instincts screamed at me, and I swiveled around and parried another double overhead strike. Pestilence stumbled back, he’d been expecting that to finish me with that strike and had fully committed to it, and I thrust my sword but he managed to vanish again.  The attack came from the left this time, and I had barely enough time to block my sword to fend off the blow. This wasn’t possible. 

Again our swords rang and when I went to retaliate – I could’ve, I was faster – Pestilence vanished again, only to reappear *in the same place.* I yelped, and it was all I could do to throw myself backwards as his swords hissed through where I’d been standing a moment ago. 

Pestilence advanced, and I could sense the smugness in the way he advanced, swords held to the side in each hand. My back was to the circle of humans and angels and demons who watched us with wide eyes. I had no room to maneuver short of killing a section of the circle…I’d do it, humans and all, but as a last resort. But the fact remained…this wasn’t possible. Pestilence couldn’t teleport, and he couldn’t beat me even before I’d joined the humans. “What have you done, Pestilence?”

“Oh that’s rich,” Pestilence said, “you can betray us to the humans and we can’t ally ourselves to–”

“Humans are predictable,” I said, emphasizing my point with an exploratory swipe at Pestilence, who just drifted backwards, a ghost in those robes. “*He* is not.” I needed a plan; I couldn’t beat him like this. War was forcing the opponent back, putting them in places they couldn’t get out of, but at this rate Pestilence would never be put in such a position. He would always have room maneuver. The Horsemen were immune to each other’s power – even Lucifer and the Archangel himself would be more vulnerable, but this…this was not Pestilence’s magic. The only reason I’d even survived was the fact that I was War. 

No one was unbeatable though, especially not Pest, borrowed Power or not. I let myself senses extend outward, feeling not Pestilence himself, but the air around us. He swung, and the air around the sword moved out of the way. I dodged. I countered, he disappeared, and for a moment, a space of a single heartbeat, he was nowhere. His travel wasn’t instantaneous. And then he was behind me, but I was already ducking under the blow. The air had started to move out of the way just before he’d moved there. 

I was War. This was battle. This was my domain. My powers wouldn’t work on him directly, but my instincts, my experience would. No one had held a blade longer than I had. I swung, *Yudh* a blur, but Pestilence was disappearing, my heart in the middle of two heartbeats. I stopped swinging and swiveled.  

*THUD* Each heartbeat was drumbeat against my ears. 

Pestilence was almost gone. I took another step forward and to the right, closer to the ring. 

*THUD*

Pestilence was gone completely, for just a moment. A fraction of a fraction of a second, he didn’t exist. He had already decided where he was going to appear, and for that one moment he didn’t know what I was going to do. As I’d been preparing for, I swiveled on the balls of my feet and swung in a classical diagonal slice in front of me. 

*THUD*

Pestilence appeared as my sword passed straight through him. I had the people to my right, where he couldn’t spawn, and he would have thought to trick me, he couldn’t have seen me change direction in the space of a single heartbeat. There was only one place he could’ve been, and I slashed at it at the exact moment he’d appeared.  

*THUD THUD THUD.* Time sped up once more. The whole thing had taken the space of three heartbeats. Small movements, a step here, a twist here, a single flick of the wrist. 

And a horseman was dead. 

For a moment he stood there, his eyes red coals in his hood. There was no apparent wound on him, but *Yudh* had gone through him. There were only two things *Yudh* couldn’t kill given a severe enough wound: Me and the one who created it. Pestilence stumbled back, a black line appearing through the middle of his robe where my sword had passed through, growing thicker every moment. An inch wide, two inches. 

Dead silence around us, as if everyone were holding their breath. 

“You’re a fool, War,” Pestilence spat. 

“Says the one who’s dying.” The black was a foot thick, consuming him from the middle. *Yudh* would devour him. 

“Even if you win,” he spat. Two feet thick, half of him was black, flaking off like dead leaves. “You’ll lose. War is fought for peace, and at the end of this, there will be peace one way or another.”

I laughed. “I’m not like you, Pest. Humans will one day cure sickness, and they have already almost ended hunger. They may one day even conquer death. But War? There will always be War.”

The black was to his hood now, and I realized what was about to happen a moment before it did. I should’ve seen it sooner, but a Horseman had never died before. “Run!” I shouted as Pestilence exploded, showering everyone in the circle, and me, with the poison that was his very being. 

Everything went dark.**Chapter Three: Obrek**

***
I woke to softness. 
 
There was a hand on my left cheek, a soft hand, and for a moment I was comfortable, like I was a kid. 
 
Then I remembered I was in space, held hostage by the most powerful mage in the world, facing a threat that could actually kill me. 
 
“Finally awake, Obrek?” Keira asked, and her palm heated up next to my cheek, as if she was preparing an attack. 
 
Despite myself, I cringed, but Keira just laughed and the heat dissipated. Kos, I hated her, especially now. She could kill me if she wanted, we both knew that. The plan to bait her near where the expedition had died had worked, but my retreat hadn’t been a complete act. She was powerful; more powerful that I had imagined. To be able to use a shield to reflect a strike, I couldn’t even imagine the amount of finesse needed to pull something like that off. It would take such a fine manipulation of Mana. I was no match for her.  
 
“What happened?” I asked. 
 
“We survived your idiocy,” Keira said, “I’m guessing the expedition team died here to those things?”
 
I hesitated for a brief moment, then nodded, I couldn’t think of any clever way to twist this. Yet. “Yes, I experienced the Memory myself. Those explosions broke through their shields,” I said. 
 
Keira grunted, “almost got us too,” she said, moving her fiery hair away from the front of her face with her free hand, “this was nothing like I’d ever seen before. I-”, she hesitated, but continued, “I don’t think I could’ve protected against it alone.”
 
That explained why my head was still intact. I had passed out from the strain on my shield, but the shield had stayed up on reflex, I began to take it down, but Keira slapped me. hard. I blinked and saw stars for a moment, and turned on her my teeth bared, “what the hell are you-”
 
“Shut up, idiot,” she snapped, “feel you shield, focus.” 
 
I scowled but paid special notice to my shield, at first I didn’t feel anything, but then I felt it, small particles hitting the shield at insanely high speeds, as if we were in front of a star…
 
“Radiation,” Keira said, “you feel it right?” 
 
I nodded. Us mages didn’t have to worry about background radiation, our natural shielding was enough, but this level of radiation needed a dedicated shield.“This race...they’ve managed to weaponize stars? From those metal things?” I said. 
 
Keira bit her lip, “seems so, yeah,” she said, “those things weren’t like any weapon we’ve faced before.” 
 
I nodded, I’d headed some of our major invasions myself. “These weren’t projectile based or even combustion based, these were too powerful for that.”
 
We stood in silence above that gas giant, bombarded by radiation, enemies bound together for survival, facing an existential threat. 
 
Keira asked the inevitable question before I did. “So. What now?”
 
As if on cue, I felt something approaching again. I turned to Keira, my eyes wide. We both knew we couldn’t survive another blast like that. We couldn’t teleport either, that would require dropping our shields and exposing ourselves to the radiation. 
 
“It’s not the weapon,” Keira said.
 
I frowned and focused on my senses. She was right. It was moving too slow and was shaped differently. 
 
“Come on,” Keira said, “We’ll take cover in the Gas Giant.” 
 
I nodded, and we used Mana to propel ourselves towards the gas giant, though gravity did most of the work. 
 
We got inside the outer atmosphere just as the thing reached our location. I couldn’t actually see it of course, but I could sense it moving above the planet, sending out some sort of energy in front of it. “It’s scanning for us,” I said. 
 
Keira nodded. “It’s good to know that they at least needs ships to travel into space. They are a lesser race after all.”  
 
I snorted. “Lesser race? Are you insane? Those weapons are more powerful than anything even you can muster.”
 
“Obrek, I didn’t know you thought so highly of my skills,” Keira said with a grin. 
 
I was about to respond when the ship pointed it’s scanner directly at us. 
 
I went utterly still for a second, I was desperately hoping they wouldn’t see us. Keira, though, attacked, separating her shield from mine.
 
Finally, her palm was off my face. I couldn’t teleport still, teleportation unlike attacks required full focus, but I could flee, leave Keira to deal with the ship...and ensure that I would get ejected from the Council. If Keira survived, everyone would believe the council head over some war-mongering idiot. 
 
The ship fired at Keira as I watched, not those star weapons, but with normal projectile based ones. Keira evaded with ease, dodging to the right just as the projectile got near her. The missile continued unperturbed...towards me. 
 
Thank you, Keira. 
 
I launched a bolt of energy at it, and the projectile exploded, too far away from either of us to cause any real harm. The ship switched tactics, and started firing small quick firing pellets, at Keira. She fired off a couple of shots at the ship itself, but didn't seem to do much damage. The pellets kept coming too; these were much harder to avoid. I could only watch as she flew in circles, doing fancy maneuvers, but eventually the ship caught Keira, and she was forced to focus on her shield - she was pinned. 
 
I could attack. Attack the ship and help Keira out. Or attack Keira. She was weakened from holding up that shield for so long, and was pinned. This was the best chance I was going to get. But what if they launched the star-weapon again? Without Keira I was done for. And a small voice in a corner of my mind whispered, *What if I fail, What if I attack and Keira survives. She would show no mercy.*
 
I gritted my teeth and attacked. 

***||
***
I opened my eyes.

I was lying down, hair fanned on the…ground? I hopped up to my feet and took in my surroundings. Some sort of light illuminated everything just enough – not that there was much to see. The ground was hardly even that. It was a gray expanse, perfectly smooth, stretching out in all directions. Unending, uninterrupted by any structures. 

Where the hell was I? Last I remembered I’d beaten Pestilence, killed him, but he’d exploded, showering me with…whatever he’d been made of. A horrible thought struck me. I wasn’t…no, I couldn’t be. That couldn’t have been enough to end me. It shouldn’t be. 

But then again, a Horsemen had never been killed before. 

I closed my eyes and extended my senses as I’d always been able to do, seeking out power, life, war. Immediately I felt it. A massive presence, an invisible power coiled around me. Not alive, not really, but…aware. Conscious.

As if sensing I’d reached out to it, it moved. My view shimmered, and the air around me began to blur, as if I were looking around through moving water. Whatever it was, it was all around me. I crouched, like a spring, and exploded upward, arching backward as I did, as if I were one of those human pole jumpers, but of course, I was War. I jumped about twenty feet in the air and felt my hair touch whatever it was that was awakening around me. 

I landed on my feet, the blur only in front of. Behind me was the clear, unhindered grayness. I shuddered and turned back toward the Power. The blur was becoming more solid, gaining a greenish tint, and as I watched it solidified. 

A Dragon stood in front of me. A massive snake as think as four or five of those human battleships. It was mainly a sickly green, other places, its skin was had simply peeled off, revealing rotten looking bones underneath. Pus and black blood oozed out of crevices and fissures between its scales. Its massive wings unfurled, and it stood on its two hind feet and roared, blasting me with the smell of sewage, vomit, and sickness. 

A never-ending world, being alone, peace, and static – those were the things to be afraid of. This? This was something to fight

 I smiled. 

I blinked and realized *Yudh* was in my hands, drawn by instinct, the black blade a comforting weight. “What are you?” I asked and swung my sword to warm up my wrists. 

The Dragon narrowed its eyes and looked at me, waiting. It cast no shadow. 

I stood, muscles tensed, power ready to be unleashed at a moment’s notice. The Dragon and I just looked at each other, waiting for something. I wasn’t sure what. Experience told me to not attack, not make the first move, that it was a trap. A game of patience then. 

But did I have the time to spare? I knew I was not in heaven any longer. This was another reality, another plane of some sort, and time passed differently. It could be that I’d lost decades already, or perhaps I hadn’t even lost a second. Or perhaps I had lost exactly as much time as I had spent. Regardless of what it was, I couldn’t afford to waste time. 

“I am going to attack you now, because there is nothing else to do,” I said. “This is your last chance, Dragon.”

No movement. No sign it had even heard me. Fine. I gathered my power and let it coalesce around my sword, coating it in a red, fiery glow. The Dragon flared its nostrils. It recognized the power. Not me as person, but the essence of War. Well, I hoped he was about to become much more familiar. I swung *Yudh* in a and arc and a crescent of red tore out of the sword and lashed out toward the Dragon. I was ready for anything. A counterattack, a dodge, its own assault, anything. 

It did nothing. 

My power hit the Dragon and just…faded. The Dragon didn’t stop it, didn’t counter it. My power met the Dragon, and nothing happened – it was like a wave beating against a cliff. Ah. It made sense now. 

“Figured it out have you?”

I whirled around and of course, it was her. She had her hood down, but other than that she was wreathed in a black robe. It pooled on the ground so that I couldn’t see her feet, and it gave the impression that she glided rather than walked across the plane. Her short snow-white hair fell down to her neck and framed her pale white skin and heart shaped face. Her lips were curled slightly upward in a smile, and her deep blue eyes were locked onto me. The very air seemed to buzz with energy around her. Any human would be immediately struck by her looks and sheer presence. 

That is, until the noticed the Scythe she held in her left hand. 

“Death,” I said. 

“War,” she said and inclined her head. 

She walked forward, and I moved to the side and back – I didn’t want to be caught up between her and the Dragon. We moved so that Death and I faced each other, basically insects to the Dragon that stood between us, but my eyes were all for her. 

 “What’re you doing here, Death?” I asked. 

“I’m Death,” she said. “I’ve come to collect the soul of a departed, she said and pointed her scythe at the Dragon. 

“*My* departed,” I sneered. I realized what the Dragon was, what it offered. Sickness couldn’t be killed by cutting down one being of course. “The essence of Pestilence, not bound by that idiot.”

She nodded. “I appreciate you waiting,” she said with a smile. “Wouldn’t have wanted you to dirty your hands.”

“Pestilence made a deal with Him,” I said out of the blue, wanting to startle her.

“I know.”

“Did you tell him to do it?”

“Did I tell you to betray us and side with humans, War?” Death asked, her voice even. 

“That’s not an answer, Death.”

Silence. I allowed my eyes to flick to the Dragon whose eyes were narrowed at Death – it wasn’t even looking at me. 

“No. I did not,” Death said. “Dealing with Him comes with chains and too high a price.”

“Oh, you must be used to chains by now,” I sneered and moved to the side. Death moved too, eyes narrowed, Scythe now in both hands. We circled each other like animals looking for an opening to attack. “Since the beginning of time we’ve been bound to our masters.”

“We are all bound, War,” she stepped forward, and I tensed expecting an attack, but she danced back before I could so much as bring my sword up. She was playing with me. “Some of us accept our chains and live with them. Others spend their lives trying to break them and do nothing but make a lot of noise.”

“Better fight chains than die in them,” I shot back. 

Death shrugged. “Death comes for us all, War. Trust me,” she smiled. “I would know.”

“What the hell is the plan here, Death?” I said, annoyed. She had always had a way with words. “Just fight me and get this over with – all this talk doesn’t suit you.”

The Dragon roared. 

Death flinched back, eyes focused on the Dragon. Instinct. I would have attacked, pressing the opening, but I sensed it. Him. 

The Dragon roared, filled not with challenge, but pain. A gold light had begun to shine from its cuts where there had been exposed bone and tissue. It staggered back and roared again, but instead of decay a gold light began to shine from its mouth as well. Bright flames lit the tip of its wings and began to travel across the length of the Dragon. As they passed, the green scales and decay faded, leaving golden armor in its wake. 

The price of dealing with was high, but this…Even Pestilence could not have been this foolish.

“I propose a truce,” Death said, her voice calm.

I nodded. “Agreed. Till the Dragon is vanquished.” There was no question about who would get the Power anymore. The Power had already been claimed. 

“It is no longer Pestilence,” Death said. “Our magic is effective against it.” The Horsemen and their power were immune to one another’s magic directly. An ancient provision meant to ensure we would work together. Not a very effective one. 

“Well, at least that’s something,” I said as the Dragon completed its transformation. An awe-inspiring thing clad in gold. Towering far, far above us. It roared, but again, it was a cry of anguish and pain, not of challenge. It was a slave. 

War and Death would put it out of its misery.(Had to resubmit because reddit sucks, apologies for the double notification)
***

“It’s the Wild Hunt.”

As if in answer the howls grew louder and behind me more horns echoed through the woods, answered by still more horns. The cold itself was like a living thing, trying to creep through slits in my light armor.  

“Aye, a good as name as any, Son of Adam.” Nzira snorted. He hefted his bow and nicked an arrow. Behind him his companions did the same and began spreading out. It took me a moment to realize they actually intended to *fight.*

“You’re kidding,” I said, at first almost to myself, then louder. “Nzira you have no idea what you’re dealing with here. The seven of us can’t take on the damn Hunt.”

“Do not think us foals, we have fought them before, Son of Adam,” one of the centaurs said in what was definitely a female voice, “and we shall fight them again.” 

I seriously doubted that. “You’ve fought the Hunt before? Huge guys, skull face helmets?” The horns were getting louder, dammit we didn’t have any time for this! I get teleported into a world dying to the White Frost, stalked by the Wild Hunt? It wasn’t a coincidence. 

“Their hounds, aye, and their warriors, though I have only seen them, I doubt are even half as capable as the hounds,” she shot back.   

The Hunt would be on within a minute, and here we were wasting time. “Look, if you fight, you’ll die,” I said flatly. “You have to have a camp somewhere? We can-”

“And lead the Hunt to the Queen! That would be trea-”

“Exactly what the Queen ordered, in fact, Hesina,” Nzira shot back. “Her orders in fact were explicit. If we encounter the Hunt we are to go back to camp, not engage!”

The female centaur, Hesina, came into the moonlight. She had the body of a dark horse contrasted by pale, almost marble like skin matched with short bleached hair. And she was furious. 

“Nzira, don’t you find this at suspicious? That this…” she struggled for a moment before spitting out, “*human* shows mere moments ahead of what sounds like the single largest contingent of the Hunt that we have-”

“Too late,” I said as the first hound jumped out from the undergrowth. It was small, the size of a dog, with armor like ice a gaping mouth with no teeth, no eyes, and wicked sharp claws. I ducked, and as it leapt over me I sliced open its unarmored stomach. It thrashed on the snow for a moment, whining as it did before six arrows buried themselves in the thing.

“Yeah, you got me,” I said, my voice dry. “I’m in league with them.”

Nzira scowled at Hesina before shouting. “Marzek, send the signal. We ride to the camp!”  One of the other centaurs unwrapped an arrow whose tip strangely had been wrapped in something then fired it straight up in the air. Suddenly the arrow emanated a bright green, as bright as a firework. I looked away from the thing and for a moment everything was cast in a ghostly green light that reminded me of a Nightwraith. 

By the time I looked up the centaurs were galloping away. I cursed and sheathed my sword. If I fought I would lose the centaurs, and I’d be as good as dead. My best bet was to keep up with them.

I ran after than in a dead sprint, the Wild Hunt at my heel, casting Quen as I did. I ran through the path – if it had been undergrowth I would have been dead, Witcher or no – and so had relatively flat ground to run on. A few warriors of the Hunt would sometimes try to cut off me and the centaurs but would be shot almost as soon as they leaped out of the shadows. A warrior once stepped out of the shadows in front of me, wielding a sledgehammer in two hands. He started to swing but I used Aard. There was a flash of blue as the sign discharged from my hand, and the warrior was flung back into the trunk of a tree. He hit with a hard *THUNK* and slumped as a few branches fell on his head. 

Again, my earlier fatigue began to catch up with me. I had been running faster than any human could even sprint, and my legs were burning. But it was run or die. At least at this point less of the Hunt tried to attack us from the front – we had appeared to left them behind. 

“We are almost there, Son of Adam!” Nzira called out in front of me. “Just a-”

I didn’t hear what he said next as there was a harsh clang of what sounded like metal screeching against metal a portal opened directly in front of me. All I could do was to dodge and avoid falling as a Navigator stepped out. 

His armor was solver and looked like he was wearing a skeleton. In his right hand he held a rod with a glowing sphere on its head – standard fare for a Navigator of the Wild Hunt. They were like Ciri, able to travel between time and space, but in a much more limited sense. 

“White Wolf,” the Navigator said before swinging his weapon. There was nowhere to run and the blow was coming too fast – I didn’t have the time or room to avoid it, so I just let it hit me. There was a yellow painful flash and I was dimly aware of being flung through the air. I found my balance and was up with my silver sword out in a second, and I saw I’d been flung almost twenty feet by the hit, and that was with Quen casted. If it hadn’t been I would’ve been dead. 

Though I might just be dead anyways.

I looked back towards where the Centaurs had run to find no one there. I suppose it had been too much to ask for. Running from a navigator was useless. Just as I thought that the Navigator vanished, but I was ready. I listened for the telltale whoosh of their weapon…*there!* I pivoted to my back and right and brought up my sword perpendicular to his staff and parried the hit, following with counterstroke. My blade caught the Navigator in the ribs, the silver piercing the armor, but before the blade could go any further the Navigator vanished again, only to appear ten feet away in front of me in the direction the Centaurs had run. 

Behind me the rest of the Wild Hunt drew closer.||
***

The warriors and beasts began to turn into golden sparks. It was like watching water evaporate in front of my eyes. Slowly but surely, Pestilence’s power – now His power – was returning to Him.

I kept *Yudh* in my hands as I turned back to see Death, her Scythe still in hand. The truce was over. 

“So.” Death began. 

“So.”

“As soon as all this,” she gestured to the evaporating bodies of the soldiers which had been the Dragon, “is gone, we’ll both get thrown back exactly when and where we were.”

“Not long enough for a fight,” I said. 

“Enough time to talk.”

We stared at one another, neither putting our weapons away. Between us golden sparks kept rising from the bodies – their own pyres in death. Still, I could make out her expression – lips curled up in a slight smile, eyes narrowed. Fine.

Both of us dismissed our weapons at the same time. I sheathed *Yudh* and Death put her Scythe on her back. We were still Horsemen, and formidable even without our weapons to angels, demons, and humans alike, but against one another…we needed weapons. We were immune to each others’ powers. And so, as Death and I walked toward one another, I felt blind. No information about tensing muscles, heart rate, or pulse – not that death would have the last two – it set me on edge and that angered me – I’d hadn’t realized what a crutch my powers had become. 

We stopped with about five feet between us. Enough time to dodge if Death reached for her weapon and vice versa. 

The bodies were partly gone. Some had lost shoulders, others heads. They lay like discarded, incomplete dolls of clay. 

“Has is been worth it, War?” Death asked, her voice soft. 

I shrugged. “I don’t know. It sure as hell has been fun though.”

Death chuckled and shook her head. “You’ve traded a war we would’ve won for certain, for one you may or may not.”

“War isn’t about winning or losing, Death,” I said. I reached out and tried to touch one of the golden sparks – it floated through my hand as if it weren’t there. “Sides want to win or lose, but me…I don’t have a side, really.”

“It seems to me you’re pretty clearly with the humans.”

“And I would’ve sided with Heaven or Hell if it had meant a longer war,” I said with a shrug. “I don’t care about being on the winning side, Death, I want more war. A good war isn’t one that ends slowly, but not one that drags on. A good war is pushing and pulling, strokes and counterstrokes.”

Death rolled her eyes. “Listen to yourself, War, you think so…small.”

I blinked. That was the last thing I’d expected her to say. “Small? Is averting the apocalypse, taking Hell for my own, and assaulting Heaven itself small?”

“Don’t get me wrong,” she said. “They are feats to be sure…but all for a good fight? Do you realize the power this war has given you? Given *us?*

I grimaced. I felt like an idiot for not having seen it sooner – that while the war made me stronger, each death – and death at such an unprecedented scale – gave death power. “Yeah, I’m well aware,” I said and gestured to the halfway gone bodies all around us. “I think I demonstrated fairly well.” The power had been the entirety of Pestilence and a bit of His own. There was time when I’d have real trouble beating Pestilence, and especially with His support, Pestilence would have won. While Death had helped now, I was confident I could’ve taken it alone. This war had shifted the balance completely. 

“And what’s the plan if you win, War? If heaven and hell lay down arms and surrender? Do you even have a goal?”

I bit my lip. I had never really thought about it. The plan had just…occurred to me. Why go to Earth and destroy the humans? Then what, just retire? That had been out of the question. This was the alternative. “And what was the plan if we had wiped out the humans as we were told?” I shot back. 

“The Cycle restarts, War. The humans start anew.”

Wait what? “Cycle?”

Death shook her head. “You think you know so, so much War. But you don’t. While you’ve been out there playing general, I’ve been unravelling the secrets of the universe. Why do you think I didn’t meet you in hell?”

That had always bothered me. The horsemen had only showed up when we got to Heaven. “What cycle?” I asked again. 

“Everything, War. Me. You. The humans, we all…reset.”

“Lucifer and Michael?”

Death grinned. “No, not them. The souls of the damned empower Lucifer, and those of the saved become soldiers for Michael.”

“They wouldn’t be killing the humans then, Death.”

“Yes they would,” Death said. “Tell me, War, you’ve been among humans for the last couple of years. What are they like?”

“Driven, violent, genius, and persistent,” I said. “They always *want* and they are willing to take it.” I couldn’t help keeping the admiration out of my voice. The horsemen, Heaven and Hell, they were static, unchanging. They wanted to keep the status quo – the humans wanted change. 

“How long do you think before they’d be able to take on Heaven and Hell without you?”

“500 years at best, Death,” I said. “You haven’t seen what secrets they’ve unraveled, what power they’ve amassed. Ways to wage war I couldn’t even have conceived until they came up with them.”

“Exactly. So Lucifer and Michael wipe them out before that can happen.”

I opened my mouth and closed it again. 

“And us, War? The horsemen don’t retire, we perish. Used up. We light the humans on fire and are burnt up.”

“…And you still fight for them?” I gaped. I couldn’t believe it. I’d wanted power and change, I hadn’t known it would be my end if I’d stayed. 

“I hadn’t known before your betrayal, War,” Death spat. “Now I know.”

“I…this is a trick,” I said. The bodies were almost gone now. If Death was to be believed, our time was almost over “You’re making this up to get me to trust you.”

Death shrugged. “Believe what you want for now, War,” I’ll bring you proof soon enough.”

“What are you saying?” I asked. I was starting to feel a tug not in any real direction…just away from this place. The bodies were almost all gone by now. 

“Death I may be,” Death said, and looked me straight at me. Her eyes were wide and furious. “But I don’t want to be used up.”

“You mean…” I felt like I was being stretched by an invisible force. 

“It means, War, that I am on your side.”

The world of gray faded.||
***

In a modern fight, size doesn’t quite matter. 

150 or 300 pounds, a bullet to the head will end them all the same. Problems begin to arise when the size difference goes into hundreds of thousands of pounds. 

Death and I charged the dragon, her taking the right and I took the left. The thing was enormous, almost unfathomable. It opened its mouth and golden lightning began to gather in inside it. Each of its pointed teeth were as big as I was. “Death!” I called out, my voice tight. 

“Got it!” she shot back and swung her scythe. I couldn’t keep track of Death, but the Dragon was fair game as was Death’s attack. I was War. Each muscle movement, each bullet, each twitch I knew intrinsically and completely. And knowing all current conditions, I could reasonably predict the immediate future. Any human would agree – the most vital weapon in any war is information, and when it came to battle or war, I was god. I was omniscient.  

It would fall 2.3 feet below the mouth at the current trajectory. Those scales would take the hit. We couldn’t let the Dragon finish its attack, and there wasn’t enough time for another attack to make it all the way up to its mouth. I leapt forward, keeping Death’s attack in my mind, I needed the dragon to look down…now! As I reached the dragon I slashed with *Yudh*, the blade cutting through the scales as if they weren’t there. Just as I’d thought, the dragon’s head swiveled down to look at me, and Death’s attack took the dragon in the mouth. 

It roared as lightning exploded haphazardly in its mouth, running across its scales but most of it imploding inside itself. The Dragon’s muscles tensed on its left side – an attack. I threw myself to the side with all the power I could muster and moved 30 feet forward toward the Dragon as the Dragon’s massive paw tried to crush me and missed. I turned around and sliced at what would be its wrist from the back where the armor was weaker. Instead of slashing, I stabbed, trying to go for an area with irregular electric signals – a nerve most likely. But the dragon shifted after I’d committed, and I missed. Damn. The blade sunk in two feet to the left of where I’d intended. The Dragon roared and lifted its talons, leaving *Yudh* stuck inside of it. No matter. 

Distance meant nothing as I used my will to dig the sword further into the dragon. I couldn’t see it of course, it was out of my sight as the dragon moved its claws back, but I knew. I could feel *Yudh* moving to the right, toward the nerve I wanted to cut. That was the issue with will though, it could be opposed. The dragon fought against the blade and I fought back, and slowly but surely, it began to move. 15 seconds till *Yudh* would touch the nerve. 

Muscles in the neck tensing. 

I moved closer to the Dragon as it struck like a snake where I’d been standing. I was too close to it, its body a massive gold building in front of me. The dragon’s mouth couldn’t reach me, but of course the body could. Muscles tensing in all four legs as it picked itself up and took a massive step toward me, intending to crush me. The thing was massive. I looked up and my vision was filled with glistening golden scales. The fastest I could move, I’d be crushed with 3.5 feet left, and *Yudh*, still stuck in the dragon's leg, wouldn’t hit the nerve for around 3 seconds. I gritted my teeth and reached for my Power. Muscles and swords I could predict, but magic and will…they were fuzzy things, not absolute. 

The Dragon roared as something massive slammed into it from the side. It stopped moving down and began to tip to the left.  I moved to the right, in the opposite side the dragon was falling, and made it clear. Death stood, black power swirling around her, the dragon’s scales a mess of black and red. I realized with a start that they had melted. It must be in immense in pain. The power that must have taken…

Death smiled at me, as if reading my thoughts. “You little war has helped me a lot, War, I must say. Each human, each demon, each angel that perishes…”

I felt like banging my head against a wall. Of course. This war had been feeding my powers immensely, the anger, hate, desperation, fear, all of it bolstered me. Cancer, malaria, the black death bolstered Pestilence. Hunger strengthened Famine. 

And death, all death of lower-order beings – everything except for the most powerful entities – benefited Death. 

The Dragon roared and flapped its massive wings, trying to lift off and Death sighed and readied her scythe. Before she could react, I directed *Yudh* in the air, out the Dragon’s foot, and I willed it to slide across the wing. Unarmored, *Yudh* bit into the wing as if it were paper, tearing along the massive length of it before flying back to my hand. 

The dragon fell back down with a roar. It tried to stand, but its front left foot collapsed – the nerve *Yudh* had sliced. The Dragon collapsed, massive head ten feet in front of us, the gray ground stained with gold blood. 

“That just seemed unfair,” Death said, shaking her head.

I shrugged. “We’re far more powerful than Pestilence,” I said, “even with His power, he can’t stand against two of us indirectly.” The Dragon’s head turned at it looked at us with a golden eye. All its muscles tensed. “Wh–” I began. 

The dragon exploded. 

There was a golden flash of a thousand suns and power slammed into me, and I was thrown backward. A fraction of a second later I was up on my feet, my eyes adjusting instantly to the light. Death was slower to get up next me. I could’ve attacked her, but War’s truce was binding. Just as a human could not grow wings and fly, I could not break a truce or peace treaty. Or it’s word at least. 

In front of us, there was no dragon anymore. Where it had been, there was a legion of men and beasts. Half of them were monsters. Impossibly grotesque, with an extra arm, head, building tumors, open wounds. The other half were figures as tall as I was, dressed from head to toe in gold, swords and shields in their hands. 

“Spoke too soon, Death,” I mused. 

Death didn’t dignify that with a response and both of us stepped forward as the force charged us. The sound was deafening. There must be a hundred of them, rushing just the two of us. I felt each of them, knew their bodies and tendencies better than they likely did. 

Death stopped and swung her scythe, and again an arc of power slammed into the vanguard. There was no flash, no crying out. A couple of them just…stopped living. One second they were running, the next they were ragdolls. The legion ran over them as if they weren’t there. 

“That should’ve killed more,” Death said, nose wrinkled in a gesture that belonged on the face of a teenage human rather than one of the oldest beings in the universe. 

“Stay back,” I said – Death wasn’t exactly amazing at close combat. “I’ll engage, you take em out slow like that.”

“Oh, I’m touched, War, didn’t know you cared.”

I didn’t bother responding but moved ahead as they fell upon me like a wave. I grinned. 

They didn’t have any offensive magic, no tricks. This was melee, war, pure and simple. The warrior in front of me tensed. He’d swing down in half a second. The monster to his right got ready to leap. The tension in its legs indicated it would go for my head. Behind me, two golden warriors had flanked me and were getting ready to thrust. One of their blades would catch me in the nape of my neck, the other would come out of my stomach. 

I twisted to the right and turned around to parry the lower thrust with *Yudh.* I ducked to avoid the higher blow. It instead hit the monster flying where my head had been at the same time the other soldier cut the monster in half.  

I skewered the soldier whose sword I’d parried and didn’t bother to pull him off my sword. I just sliced right and met no resistance as I sliced through him, armor and flesh and all. The other warrior was stuck with his sword still in the beast. I beheaded him. The one who’d been in front of me actually had time to pull back for another slash but I was faster. I thrust into his neck and pulled back, fast as a viper. The sword fell from his hands and he toppled. 

The whole thing had taken a handful of seconds. 

They came from all sides, but still they couldn’t come more than five or six at a time, just a virtue of their size. They sliced, roared, and jumped, but I didn’t care. I knew what they were going to do before they even did it. Their postures, muscles, and positions were books to be read. I cut at he right places and the right times. The battle was over as soon as a new one appeared to take the place of one I’d cut down. I decided what moves to make to kill them, and it was just a question of following the motions. Occasionally Death would shout to let me know she was about to attack, and someone far from me would fall. I noticed but they didn’t matter. If they weren’t in cutting range they were irrelevant. 
 
I cleaved, thrust, and sliced and it was over. They lay heaped around me, heads and limbs cut, gold and green blood mingling on the ground. 

I flicked the blood off *Yudh.*||
***
We walked through the frozen City, huddled against each other for warmth like silent specters in a city of ghosts. We were walking through the City that Never Slept but in the dead of winter, in the middle of a blizzard at around 3 am, this was the closest it ever came to sleep. 

“Your arm doing better?” I whispered. I didn’t really know why. No cars were around except for the occasional plow trying to keep up with the snow piling up on the streets and avenues. And no pedestrian was crazy or desperate enough to walk through this weather. The city was silent, any noise dampened by the snow. It felt wrong to break it somehow. 

Jared’s eyes flicked to mine and he just gave me a sharp nod. I thought he’d opened up a bit when he’d made that joke in the van, but then he’d seen me again. I’d thrown the bodies under a snow drift – Jared of course couldn’t help what with the broken arm.  I'd cleaned up the blood on the scene by calling it to me in a sphere. I’d just stared intoxicated – how had I ever given this up? It was beautiful. And then I’d looked up and seen the horror in Jared’s eyes. I’d let the blood flow down the nearest drain, none of it staining the snow. I didn’t carry it with me – blood outside the body went bad in minutes. Though blood inside a dead body could be useful for days. 

“Just a bit longer,” I said. It was only a dozen or so blocks till we got to the hospital. 

Jared just grunted, and we walked in silence through the snow for a bit longer. 

“Look,” I said, unable to take the silence, “Jared, I’m sorry, I don’t mean to freak you out, and I’m sorry for getting you involved–” 

“Do you remember?” he whispered back. There was only one thing he could be talking about. I’d done worse. Far, far worse, but that was the one time he’d seen. Dark times. Nothing came for free, not even power. Especially not power. I’d used it wild abandon, not realizing the price, not realizing what it was making me. 

“Yeah,” I said, suppressing a shiver. “I remember.”

***

**10 Years ago**

“We’re not getting paid enough for this shit,” Haley said next to me. She was plump, blonde, wearing a sweat shirt and baggy pants. A sharp contrast to my short dark hair, lanky figure, and my trademark jeans and tank top. 

I wasn’t getting paid enough to work with *her.* It was silly really. I preferred to work alone, and clients usually liked that – they had to pay less. But this guy – some telekinetic called Jon – was convinced that it was a two-person job. I had to either work with her, or not take the job. 

I took the job but was beginning to regret that decision. 

We were on top of a building overlooking our target – a squat, ugly two-story square building crawling with guards with assault rifles on their backs. 

“Let’s just get this over with,” I said and sighed.

She shot me a look. “What’s your problem?” 

“I’m just not used to working with partners,” I said with a shrug, “nothing personal.”
 
She rolled her eyes. “You thought of a plan yet?”

“You distract, I go in,” I said. Simple. Effective. 

Her eyes flashed. “And how come I have to be the distraction?” she whined. Actually whined. I’d looked her up – pyro, 25 years old, a year older than me actually, but she acted like one of those sorority girls. 

“Your ability is,” flashier, dumber, weaker, “more noticeable. People always panic with pyros.”

“And you get the glory?” she asked.

No, I just wanted to fight. It was becoming less and less about the money now, I knew. Some part of me knew that was wrong, fundamentally, deeply wrong. But I didn’t really care. 

“Yeah,” I said, not really giving a damn. “Deal with it.”

She scowled at me and I met her gaze evenly. We stood like that for a minute before she looked away first. I allowed myself a small smile. “120 seconds, then the power goes out. Start the fireworks then,” I said as I took the fire escape down. “Don’t fuck it up.”

***

Well she didn’t fuck it up at least.

Fires raged in the courtyard outside the building. It had been a joke really. It had been dark sure, but I’d been able to straight up walk into the building uncontested. I looked out the window to just in time to see another explosion in the courtyard, and the idiots fired at the explosion – as if that would help. 

I shook my head and walked as quietly as possible, looking for the stairs. No guards around. I’d expected some resistance at least. But this was just pathetic, suspiciously so. I’d seen movies and read the novels like everyone else – something was probably up.  

I took the knife out of my pocket and cut across my palm, and the coppery smell of blood filled my nostrils. I let the blood flow for a moment before halting it. I wanted to have blood on hand but didn’t want to bleed to death. Finally, the staircase came into view.

A noise. 

I swiveled as a dark shape climbed through the window, lashing out with my foot and throwing the blood staining my hand at the shadow just as the light from another explosion lit up the face. Haley. I cursed and at the last moment the liquified the needles headed for her throat. 

“Are you out of your fucking mind!” I said in furious whisper. “You’re supposed to stay out there–”

She rubbed her shin where my pathetic kick had landed and winced. “Look, relax. They’re distracted. With the two of us we should be able to clear the area much–”

Footsteps from the stairs. 

I whirled around, the blood still fresh enough to obey and sent the needles hurtling toward the soldiers. They hit their mark, burying themselves through the eyes of one and the throat of another. 

“Down!” Haley screamed, and I threw myself on the ground just in time to see a pillar of flame explode from her and slam into the guards. The heat kissed my back through my tank top. One of the guards – the one who I’d hit in the eyes screamed as he burned, the other was already dead. 

I got to my feet to find her smiling. *Smiling.* “What the *fuck* is wrong with you?” I asked. 

She frowned at me. “I just saved your life.”

“No,” I spat, “no you did not. Everyone’s gonna know we’re here.” I began to walk quickly to the bodies. I’d wanted a fight, not to die. “We need to get out as soon as possible.” I got to the bodies and commanded the blood. 

“I thought you said–” she choked off as she saw the blood. It streamed out of the ears, the nostrils, the very pores of their bodies, mine to command. It flowed over my clothes, molding to it, a second skin. It covered me from toes to neck. Haley looked at me, her face pale. A part of me took a perverse joy in seeing the wide eyes, the terror. A larger part than I would’ve liked. 

“Try to keep up,” I said, as the blood creeped over even my face, leaving only a slit for my eyes, and sprinted up the stairs. 

I practically ran into a trio of guards as they rushed down the stairs. I slashed and the blood around my arm went from a gauntlet to a triangular blade, cutting the man’s throat before he could so much as scream. All he managed was a wet gurgle as he slumped to the ground. Before he hit the ground, the blood was back on my arm – I could congeal the blood into weapons yes, but it left that part of my body exposed. 

The other guard managed to put me in his sights before I kicked out. He dodged – I was a lousy fighter – but the blood coating my arm flew off, congealing into spikes that imbedded themselves in his torso. The gun tumbled from his hands.  

The third guard opened fire. There was nowhere to hide, no cover. The bullets slammed into me. 

As expected, I didn’t die.  

The blood absorbed the blow, cushioning each blast, but each shot sent shaft of pain through me. I grunted as the bullets crashed into me and slammed me against the wall. The blood distributed their force more evenly across my body, but it was still a bitch. A fireball slammed into the man and he screamed as his face ignited. He dropped the gun and ran, screaming. 

Well, that sent a message. 

I nodded to Haley and the armor crumbled. I winced as I walked toward the fallen bodies and repeated the process, gathering their blood. Their bodies were left shriveled, dry, mummified. 

“Do you want me to throw up?” Haley asked, disgusted. 

“Blood out of the body is only good for a few minutes,” I explained. “Have to keep refreshing.”

She didn’t look any less disgusted as we sprinted the way the man on fire had gone, his body laying prone on the ground of the hallway. A sturdy looking door blocked the only way through ahead of us. The vault. 

The man had fallen backwards and there were bullet holes in his torso. Someone was in there. I pulled the dead man’s blood, but it didn’t respond. I paused, and knelt next to the man, and Haley almost ran into me. Still alive. Couldn’t control blood in someone else’s body while they were alive. I moved my hand over his heart, feeling his heartbeat for a moment, before sending the spikes into it. 

The blood obeyed after that. 


“Get ready for a fight,” I said, lowering the blood from my face. “Our guy’s probably in there.”

Haley frowned. “In there?”

I nodded. “They’re hunkering down, why do you think they haven’t attacked us yet? They’re hoping to catch us between the forces outside who *you* were supposed to be distracting.”

“Whatever,” she said and tossed her head. “Let’s just go in and kill them then.”

I rolled my eyes but nodded at the reinforced door. “The door if you please.”

I moved to the side as Haley’s arm began to glow and in an instant, a fireball as large as my fist – bright enough to hurt my eyes when looked at – flew from her and slammed into the door. The door exploded inwards. So much for their vault. 

Haley gave me a tight nod and the dead man’s blood floating in front of me, I jumped in. 

I barely had time to make out the man bound behind bars. The face matched. Jared, I think his name had been. Then there were the 10 men in front of him with assault rifles. 

I took the man’s blood and made a rectangular cushion of blood – basically an opaque, red shield – in front of me just as a hail of bullets filled the room. The sound was deafening, even with the blood blocking my ears. The rectangle was able to block most of the bullets, but the sheer volume made it so that a few made it to me, only to meet my armor. The deafening sound became bearable most of them reloaded. If they’d actually been trained, they would have alternated fire to keep pressure, but as it was, only a few fired for the moment it took them all to reload. 

A moment was all I needed. 

The rectangle turned into spikes. One man had a lot of blood in his body. There were a lot of spikes. Each as long as my arm. A few bullets hit me, but that was it. Everyone paused, transfixed by the sight of their deaths looming in front of them. I relished it. The fear, the blood, the *life.* Bruises ached and ribs protested where I’d been hit, but I didn’t care. Pain didn’t matter. Only blood did. I held these men’s lives in my hand, their eyes trained onto me, their killer, their savior, their goddess. 

“Please,” one man began. 

I drove the spikes forward. They didn’t even have time to scream.

The man in behind the bars stared at me like he was seeing the devil himself. Behind me I heard Haley suck in a breath and hold it. I imagined what I looked like. Completely red, with only a slit revealing my eyes. Corpses strewn around me. Nothing except the shape of my body to tell them that I was human.

Shouting down the hallway. I turned around, almost lazily, and Haley moved to stand behind me, giving me a wide berth. A half a dozen men entered the hallway, guns trained on me. I laughed. 

I called the blood all around me, from the two dozen corpses in the room and it responded, replenishing my armor twice over, some forming into blades, some into a translucent rectangle at the door in case anyone shot. But still there was more, more, more. I couldn’t just waste it. That would be horrible. It would be wrong. 

For the first time in my life, I tried to pull on blood inside a corpse. It answered. 

It was so natural. Why hadn’t I thought of it before? I laughed, delighted as the soldiers who’d been my enemies stood up clumsily. My will like strings tied to their body. I was a puppet-master. A goddess.

I let the shield fall and let then men gape at the bodies that had belonged to their friends. 

Behind me, Haley threw up. 

***
**Present Day**

A dozen ambulances passed as we made it into the hospital which was a flurry of activity. Nurses moving to and fro, doctors walking to elevators with a purpose. We headed up to the center desk.

“Lovely night for a walk,” the receptionist said with a smile, a pretty young lady with blond hair. 

I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, well, Jared here wanted to *experience* the storm. Look where that got him,” I gestured to the jacket/makeshift sling his arm was in. 

We filled out the paperwork and a nurse came to get Jared when I spoke. “Lost of activity here? You get a lot of idiots like Jared?” 

Jared didn’t quite manage a smile. More of a grimace. 

The receptionist turned serious. “No. There’s been some sort of attack on the League offices. Some old-time mercenaries or villains or whatever tried to attack it.”

My blood froze. “Tried?”

“Yeah,” she said. “Apparently they didn’t know the League Council was in town. Some big fight going on.”What makes us Human?

We do what we must to survive, but so do the monsters. Many of us aspire for Power, but so do Gods. All of us live, and all of us die. 

But humans have Faith. 

Monsters believe in nothing, Gods cannot believe in anything – they are belief itself incarnate. But humans can believe. They put their Faith in Gods, in their fellow man, in the future, in themselves. To lose Faith is to stop being human. 

-Unknown

***

“So, it was all for nothing then?” The Priestess asked, her head low. It was the first thing the Priestess had said since the fight against the Dragon. She did not talk to me, and Celeste made a specific effort to avoid her whenever possible. And she was still a pariah among the rest of the group. Truly, she was alone. 

Quiza’s City, the city we had left all that time ago, had appeared on the horizon again. It seemed in fine condition from a distance, the towers still standing. There had been nothing for us in the Dragon’s City, just empty halls and abandoned roads. The next closest City was in the opposite direction, back where there was light. Though Quiza’s City wasn’t exactly in the way, we had decided to come because of that morbid curiosity in every human.

I shrugged. “We had to have gone to that City,” I said. “There was no way we could’ve known that their God would have consumed all its people. If it had been monsters-”

“If it had been monsters a few of the humans would’ve survived and joined your little cause,” the Priestess snapped. 

“I mean, at least now we know you’re a traitorous snake, so that’s a plus at least,” Celeste said, not even looking at the Priestess. The Priestess visibly flinched but didn’t say anything else. 

We walked in silence towards the City. A hush had fallen behind us among our people. All they knew about the Dragon was that a monster had attacked us, and we had killed it. They had talked on the way back. They didn’t talk to the Priestess and I still, but they still spoke to Celeste. Not as friends of course, but at least they spoke to her. But now there was no talk. 

Even the walls seemed intact as we neared, no scorch marks no blood. The buildings looked fine from close up. 

“Do you hope they’re alive, Heretic?” the Priestess whispered so that no one else would hear. “Or do you hope they’ve been made examples of.”  

Celeste glanced sharply toward our direction, her eyes narrowed, but she hadn’t heard what the Priestess had said. I tried not to let the unease show on my face. The Priestess had an uncanny ability to know exactly what I was thinking. If the people we’d left in the City still survived, they would be in much better spirits than us, and many of our people would desert, thinking that they’re safe. The Future is a nebulous thing, something that may or may not happen. And if the people had survived this long well then, many would reason the City must be safe.

And so, I’m ashamed to admit it, I felt almost relived when we rounded the gate I’d broken down and found carnage inside the City. 

It’s amazing really, how much blood a human body contains. Not too many people had chosen to stay, maybe a hundred or so, but the streets were painted red with blood. Half eaten…bodies littered the main square where the Priestess and I had first dueled a lifetime ago. Limbs, torsos, heads. A lone monster, one that looked like a giant, bloated tick, was sucking on one of the more…intact bodies.

There were wails of dismay and horror from behind me, and the distinct sound of a few people vomiting. But there was one scream that drowned out the rest – one of anger. Before I could so much as react, Celeste moved her arm in a cutting motion in front of her and a crescent of power hit the monster. It screamed as it literally exploded, and the whole group was showered drops blood. Celeste’s normally white hair was stained in it. 

I tried to call out to her, but she ran ahead to the body the monster had been feeding on.

All around me people ran, trying to identify friends and family by their pieces. They pushed past me and the Priestess, forgetting their fear of us, the respect. In that moment, nothing mattered more to them than pieces of meat that no longer mattered at all. The monsters didn’t hunger for flesh, but for *life,* life that had gone all of these bodies. The scavengers like the tick hoped to find whatever scraps of life remained, even if there was next to no chance of any being left. 

In a sense, we humans were the same. 

I forced myself to look at all the bodies, all my people crying or just standing still in shock. This is what I was fighting for in the end. It was about us, people. I wanted to stop this from happening ever again whatever the cost. Whenever I doubted, I would replay this scene in my head. This was the price of doubting, of trying to stick to the old ways. 

I looked to the Priestess and found she was doing the same – she was drinking in the scene, filing it away in her memory. Though her expression was blank, her jaws were clenched, and her eyes were wide. Some of these people were hers, I knew. She must’ve talked to them, laughed with them, prayed with them. 

I thought briefly about saying something, but decided against it. Words just couldn’t suffice. 

I walked ahead to where Celeste was kneeling over a body. I didn’t know if it was a mercy that the face was still intact. It was the boy of course. The boy I’d saved with Celeste in that valley, the one who’d almost attacked me, the one Celeste had traveled with for a long time. The bottom half of his body was missing, and his left arm was gnawed off. His face was frozen is a silent scream, and his skin was as pale as Celeste’s. 

Celeste was kneeling over the body, her head bowed, and her hair was like a shroud, blocking her face from view. Every few seconds her body shook, almost imperceptibly. Again, I debated putting my hand on her shoulder but I decided against it. I turned around and walked out the City, standing out side the gates, my back turned to the carnage. 

Some time later Celeste joined me, and then the Priestess, and slowly but surely everyone else. There were choked sobs here and there, but overall people’s expressions were hard, almost remote, and our memories and bodies were stained with blood. But none of us turned back. As one we set off. 

Looking to the future.Original Prompt: 2021: Hell invades Earth; 2022: Earth invades Hell.
***
"We have it, sir."

"Excellent," I said, "now hurry up and put him in the interrogation chamber."

"Sir!" The soldier rushed to comply and hoisted the repulsive thing, still passed out, and tied her to a chair. 

"Make sure its binds are secured," I told him, "we don't want her getting free." 

I sat across from the captive, I wanted him to see me when he first regained consciousness, to know that her life was over. 

I didn't have to wait long. Soon the thing stirred, and reflexively strained against his bonds. I stiffened for a second, but the creature gave up, unable to break free. I let out a shaky breath that I didn't even realize I had been holding.

Soon it opened it's sharp blue eyes suddenly and looked right at me. To its credit, it didn't flinch.  

I gave it a smile. 

"So Madame Chair, is it?" I said, savoring the moment, "welcome to hell."

Her eyes flickered about, taking in the sights, my red skin, pointy tail, my horns. The temperature, which humans find uncomfortable apparently, and the sharp odor of brimstone. And just for a moment her cool facade slipped, a crack in her mask, and her eyes widened slightly, her lips parted. 

And then it was gone as swiftly as it had come. But I saw it, I saw the thing's fear. It felt good to know that their leader could feel it.    

She looked at me again, with that same intense gaze that commanded authority, it was no wonder she became the leader of the Earth Congress. "It's a little warm," she said, actually managing to smile, "and these bonds are a bit too tight, do you mind loosening them?"

I laughed mirthlessly, the laughter not reaching my eyes. Laughed at the courage of this woman, her ability to make jokes, to retain some semblance of control despite her situation. Laughed at our final victory.  

"I see through your facade, Madame, talk all you want, you'll be doing a lot of that whether you want it or not soon enough. You know this not a welcoming party."

"So," she said, leaning back and managing to look as comfortable as possible in her bonds, "let's skip the part where I refuse to tell you my plans, and you scare and intimidate me, and then you torture me so much that I eventually give in and tell you everything anyways, just that time without my fingers."

"Let's start simply then," I said, slightly uncomfortable by her forthright manor, "how did you invade hell?" We already knew the answer to this, and we suspected the humans did not know that we knew. I wanted to test her honesty.

She shrugged. "It was simple really, we managed to reverse engineer-" I held up my hand.

"I'm sorry, 'reverse engineer?" I asked, not knowing the phrase. 

"To build something by looking at a complete version," she explained. I motioned for her to continue. She nodded, "Yes...reverse engineer one of your imp nests that spawned imps from hell directly to Earth, and managed to make a device that does the opposite. This also gave us the space-time co-ordinates of hell, so we knew where and when to go."

I pretended to frown, as if thinking if this would work, but my mind was racing. She was telling the truth, we had lost an imp nest and we had figured that's how the humans had made their way back in. 

"Alright, let's continue. Where will the human forces be retreating?"

She pretended to look confused, "I'm sorry, what do you mean retreat?"

I smiled savagely. "Do you take us for fools, Madame Chair? You think we would infiltrate the very heart of your planet and capture you just to ask questions? No, you know as well as we do that we have cut off the head of the snake, without you the humans will halt their offensive."

And what an offensive it had been. In the first months of 2021 we had pushed the humans back, taking their cities and killing their people. But after the surprise had faded the humans had pushed back. *Hard*. Their...technology let them perform wonders that we thought they were incapable of. We could launch fireballs but they could shoot iron balls from some sort of hand held device. We had demons with wings, but they flew in metal birds. We had leviathans in the oceans but they had steel titans that sailed *on* the oceans.

We were pushed back, and had retreated to hell after extensive casualties. We thought we would lick our wounds, bide our time, strike when the humans were weak, when we became a myth once again. We had the patience for millennia after all. 

But then they came to us. 

They tore into us, like insects they marched across the planes of oblivion, destroying our structures, freeing our prisoners. They recruited long dead humans, the most vicious of them, and turned them against us. They had marched to the palace of hell itself, seeking to capture our he Devil himself, without whom we would fall apart, the different species of demons would turn on each other, and the war would be over.

But that had not happened. And I turned back to the woman gloating, "Just as we cannot fight without our leader, your humans will crumble without you. They are finished." 

Her face had paled, and I bore on, "don't worry though, we will not kill you, we will keep you alive for a *long* time, before your release comes and you go to heaven, longer that you would have lived on Earth." I paused dramatically, savoring the look of utter fear on her face,  "Of course you might not find it as...comfortable as Earth." 

I had expected her to cower, to cry, perhaps even revert back to her stoic mask, not showing emotions.

I did not expect her to laugh.

"You fools, you sorry, poor fools!" She said, gasping for breath. "I..I just couldn't keep up the act anymore, my God." I flinched as she said the last word, but remained confused. 

"I was told you didn't understand human psychology, but delusion of this scale I had not even imagined." She wiped tears from here eyes, and now *she* smiled smugly at me. "I have a second, you idiot, I will be replaced and the humans will continue attacking. This is not some sort of movie where if you kill the leader, all the underlings fall apart. Killing me does nothing."

I sat back, stunned. She had been acting, pretending to be afraid, pretending to show her 'true' emotions. And the human assault would not stop. "You lie!" I screamed at her, "all species' fall without their leader. You kill a pack leader and you become leader, you kill the Devil and the demons fall apart. This is the nature of the world!" 

She just continued laughing.

The Devil needed to be evacuated! The humans may not need their leader but we did. I turned to shout orders to the soldiers outside, and they hurried away, reporting to the Devil. 

I turned back to the woman. "Your humans may advance, but you will not, we captured you, you will not see the light of day again."

She stopped laughing and smiled at me. A smile that chilled me to the bone. "What the hell makes you think you were capable enough to capture me...if we didn't let you."

The soldier I had commanded to report to the devil returned, one of the human hand devices in his hand, and pointed it at me.

"Betrayal," I whispered. Then, fiercely, I turned to the soldier, "Traitor!"

He shrugged, untying the human's bonds. "I like to be on the winning side."

The woman, now free from her bonds turned to me. "Thank you for bringing me to the most secure location in hell. The tracker I have swallowed has alerted my forces where this is. We will release the most fearsome humans in history from this facility."

She turned to walk away. "Kill it," she said in a dismissive gesture, "we have work to do."

"Sorry boss," the soldier said with a causal shrug, and shot me. 

Blackness ensued.I hate portals.

And I was going to kill Dandelion. 

We had been playing Gwent in his room, when there had been a knock on the door. No doubt one his lady friends he’d forgotten about. He’d forced me to hide in the closet like some damn idiot lover whose dick was bigger than his head. I’d stepped backwards in the closet slowly to make sure to get as far back as possible, but I…didn’t. I just kept going past the coats. 

And now I stood in a snowy forest. A strange lamp hanging on a pole swung ominously in the wind. And my medallion was humming.  

I knew what this was immediately. One of the other worlds, not one of our own, that Ciri was always getting herself into. I looked back to see where I’d come from and – of course – the portal was gone.

“Nothing’s ever easy is it,” I sighed almost to myself. What scared me most was the snow. I picked some up with my hand and closer to my medallion – the vibrations increased. This was no ordinary snow.

It was the White Frost. 

Yennefer had tried to explain to me what it was exactly. Not a living thing, but a force of some sort. A heavy snow that choked out worlds and ended them. It wasn’t quick – it had all the time in the world after all – but it was inevitable. 

I heard the distinct whoosh of the arrow just in time. 

Before I could even think I had my silver sword out in front of me and the arrow flanked of the flat of the blade. Stupid, flashy move, blocking the arrow with a sword, but it worked. The snow had muffled their footsteps, but I could pick them out now. Some kind of monster in the trees. Small, almost like trolls, but covered in white fur. And clearly smarter than a troll l considering they could fire a bow. 

I was going to skin Dandelion alive.  

This time two arrows came towards me. I dodged to the side, just in tie to meet a third arrow, which I blocked again with my sword. 

My dodge had gotten me closer to the tree. I made the sign of Aard and pointed up, at the tree, there was shriek and one of the monsters tumbled out because of the blast of sheer force. Before they could even fall to the ground I pivoted and swung my blade up, slicing in an upwards stroke. Between my stroke and gravity, I managed to cut the creature almost entirely in half. The creature gave one final shriek and fell t the ground, its two parts twitching sporadically and staining the pristine snow with bright red blood.    

This seemed to have enraged the other four creatures and they bounded out of the treetops towards me, frighteningly fast. 

I sighed. They were always fast. 

I placed Yrden at my feet just as the first monster leaped in. Frighteningly fast before, as soon as it entered the radius of Yrden it slowed dramatically. I was able to cut it apart in a fraction of a second, just in time to meet the other two monsters. They were slow, but they were attacking from different angles, to hit one would mean I’d be hit by the other. I dodged backwards, out of Yrden’s radius, and made the sign of Igni, and the monsters shrieked as they turned to ash.

The final creature was larger than the others, with more muscle to its arms and legs. It bared its claws and ran towards me, even faster than the others had been. Still it had a bit of distance to cover, and all I had to do was move my fingers.

I made the sign of Axii as it ran towards me and the creature slowed to a stop. It cocked its head, confused. I walked up to it and cut it apart, and snarled, “How do you like that silver?”

Once more all was still. But then the silence was broken by howls in the distance. Even in this world I recognized a hunting call. 

I gritted my teeth. I had to get out of here.**Chapter 4: Keira**
***
I was afraid. 
 
All my life I’d been sure. When I’d gone to the Academy, when I’d challenged the Council Head to a duel, when I’d agreed to go on this trip with with Obrek. I’d been sure I could handle any situation life threw. Yet here I was, with this alien craft pelting me with metal things, Obrek getting ready to attack, and me: drained from shielding against an artificial star.
 
I was moving slowly away from the shots even as they hit my shield; once I got far enough away, I would be able to move to the side and it would take too long for the stream to change direction. But if Obrek attacked...I didn’t know if I’d be able to shield against it with these coming at me. All my life I’d been sure...but not now.
 
Right on cue, he attacked.    
 
For a moment I saw the bolt head directly towards me. Of course. I gritted my teeth, and diverted as much of my shield in Obrek’s direction as possible, with the bullets stopping mere finger lengths away from me. The crescent shaped blast got within an arms length...and veered at the last moment, changing direction and hitting the turret firing at me, cutting it clean off the craft. 
 
“That’s for slapping me,” Obrek said, and I could just imagine him grinning, that bastard. 
 
With the stream of bullets gone, I reduced my shield just enough to block the radiation, and launched my own bolt of energy at the ship. Without having to worry about evading or defending, I launched a powerful strike, and the ship, about as big as a small office building, suffered a breach, and gas started leaking out of it. 
 
Most of the lesser races needed some sort of air to live, and I grinned. We had these bastards. The ship began to limp away, it’s thrusters sputtering. I pushed myself “above” the ship, where the breach had been, and prepared another strike, planning to hit where the hull was already weakened. 
 
“Stop!” Obrek practically screamed in my head, and I paused in the middle of getting ready to attack. 
 
I shook my head, what the hell was I thinking? My adrenaline was pumping, and my heart threatened to burst out my chest, I wasn’t thinking straight. I shook my head again to clear it. “We should-” Obrek bagan.
 
“Follow them, I know,” I finished, “don’t know what I was thinking.”
 
“The great Keira, Council Head, thrown off balance by a practical joke,” Obrek said with that same infuriating smile. 
 
I gritted my teeth, but all I said was “let’s just follow the ship.”
 
We trailed a good distance behind the ship, but it had to know we were following them, for all we know-
 
“We might be walking into a trap,” Obrek said, echoing my thoughts. 
 
I shook my head, “Not as likely as you would think, Obrek,” I said. “Most lesser species, hell, most mages, act on one instinct: personal survival. You think they care they’re leading us to their base? All they care about is living.”
 
Obrek bit his lip and nodded, “I guess. And besides, what other option do we have?” 
 
After a bit, the limping ship approached a moon of the Gas Giant we were near. It was completely covered in thick ice; not a seasonal moon, no, this moon had been frozen for a long, long time. Perhaps these aliens weren’t cowards after all? 
 
The ship began to accelerate towards the moon, and it’s thrusters sputtered dangerously, one started to smoke.
 
“What the hell?” I mused. 
 
Just then a turret, much like the one mounted on the ship, poked out the surface of the moon and fired...at the ship. With damaged manoeuvring capabilities, the shot hit the ship directly, blowing it in pieces. 
 
Obrek began to laugh. 
 
I turned towards him, and frowned, “what the hell, just happened?”
 
“You were right, Keira,” Obrek said between gasps of laughter, “they were cowards. But their base apparently did not want them. It killed the ship in hopes that we hadn’t followed it so far.”
 
I smiled. “A bit too late for that.”
 
Still shielded, we headed towards the moon. 
 
Just as we entered the moon’s meagre atmosphere, the radiation dropped roughly to tolerable levels. Radiation had been dropping as we followed the ship, but none of us had commented on it, tough of course both of us knew. Our makeshift alliance hinged on mutual benefit. But once the radiation ended, any of us could teleport or do all sort of other tricks, since you no longer had to waste focus on a constant shield. 
 
We immediately separated, facing each other. Obrek was gathering energy I could tell, though not beginning to teleport, I gathered energy too, though I did not attack. Yet.
 
“What’s the plan, Obrek?” I said, “Planning on going back to the Homeworld?” 
 
Obrek said nothing. He was the desperate one in this situation, and we both knew it. The Council would believe my, for once honest, account over Obrek’s, and he would be executed for treason. Hell, I’d probably be the one to carry out the sentence. He either had to kill me, or teleport to somewhere we couldn’t find him. Exile.
 
“I propose a truce,” I said. 
 
Obrek abruptly looked at me, his eyes wide. “A truce? Why?” 
 
I shrugged, “We have to complete this expedition, Obrek. We leave and this whole situation gets busted.” I said. “You die, which is a nice plus, but these aliens are ready for us. We lose even more Mages, and I as the Council Head, gets blamed. After we get out of this mess, though, no promises.” I definitely did not care that he had saved me back there. He’d done that because he was scared. I felt no obligation whatsoever. Right.  
 
Obrek narrowed his eyes. “Why should I help you if you’re making no promises afterwards?”
 
I laughed and teleported next to him, held my palm directly on his face...and fired a small electric shock, not nearly enough to harm,but just enough to send a message. 
 
“Point taken,” Obrek squeaked, a bit wide eyed. 
 
***DREAMS 3: THE PRICE OF DREAMS

**James**

“There’s still something wrong with your story,” I said. 

We were walking towards Union Square in the middle of the day, around where PsyCorps’ office was apparently located. Around us was the music of the city played – crying babies, barking dogs, screaming taxi cab drivers, the squeak of tires against the roads, and of course the din of conversation. I’d missed this.  

Edith, *Edith,* - I could still barely believe it was her - looked at me with a quizzical frown. “What do you mean?” she asked, her eyebrows knitted together, and lips pressed into a line. 

I laughed. “You’re trying to hard, Edith,” I said, and her mouth quirked up a bit as she rolled her eyes. 

“I’m still not going to say it first,” she said. 

“The dream, Edith – you knew what our match was, what characters each of us were playing,” I said, watching her face for a reaction – there was none – and went on. “That doesn’t jibe with what you told me. That you just feed a machine a phone number and an object, and they just get the dreams.”

“I never said that,” Edith said, holding an accusing finger at me. 

“No,” I drawled, “you just implied it. Now, you want to actually be clear with me? You need to come straight if you want CommTel to assist in this venture.”

Edith considered me for a moment – this wasn’t an act because her face was completely devoid of any emotions – Edith only let others know what she was thinking when she was off-balance, or, more likely, she wanted you to know.

“I think a demonstration will answer your questions better than I can,” she said and picked up her pace. 

We were silent for the rest of the walk.

***

“…Uh, Edith,” I asked, “where are we?”

“PsyCorp office.”

We had walked past Union Square into some small street lined with what seemed to be restaurants and bars – though restaurants might be too generous a term. They looked like the sort of places where you would use your fork and knife to defend your table rather than eating. Windows with metal bars over them, chipped off paint, and the smell of vomit and urine hung over the whole alley really. 

“Is this where you stab and mug me, Edith?” I asked, only half joking. 

Edith gave a little snort and led me down a staircase that seemed to go down under the sidewalk – the sort usually associated with shady bars or drug dens, but I followed. The door looked rusted and ready to fall inwards at a single touch, but Edith moved forward and looked into a rectangular slit I’d thought would be for delivering mail. Her eyes were lit by a slight green glow and there was a click as the door unlocked. A retina scanner. 

Edith gestured for me to walk forward into the darkness of the room within. “Uh…ladies first,” I said. 

She laughed and went inside. Once I’d followed, the door behind us shut with a resounding thud, plunging the room into darkness. Edith immediately clapped her hands together and the room was suddenly flooded with light making me wince and shield my eyes. 

“Sorry,” she mumbled somewhere to my side. It was a minute before I could look around and take in my surroundings. I frowned. 

It was an office. Nothing special really, there were five very large desks arranged somewhat haphazardly across the carpeted floor. The walls had various charts and pictures ranging from physics demonstrations to images of the human brain. Each desk had a computer and seat. No one else was there. Edith was looking at me with a slight smile on her face. 

“Sorry to disappoint you, our nefarious mind control facility is in Bryant Park,” she said. 

It was my turn to roll my eyes. “Look, I’m sorry, I didn’t really mean you were doing anything evil, but still this seems…”

“Too normal for a company about to change the world as we know it?” Edith asked, humble as ever. “Now, now, I wouldn’t want to disappoint you after all these years.”

She pointed towards what I’d thought was the end of the office, but I realized was actually a tinted glass wall. Edith walked up to it and again there was some sort of retina scan from above the wall. There was a hiss as a section of it just sunk down into the ground, revealing an entrance. This room was already lit up by bright white lights

Inside were two beds, and I use the term bed generously. Each was a white sterile looking slab with the upper half covered by a tunnel of some sort. It looked really similar to those MRI scan machines hospitals use to track brain activity. 

“This is where the magic happens,” Edith said, gesturing to the machine. 

“Um,” I said, “it looks like someone has to lie in there.”

“Very observant of you, James,” Edith said, her voice dripping with sarcasm. “Now get in.”

I blinked, Edith did not. 

“Get *in,*” I asked, “into *that.*”

Edith sighed. “Now’s not the time to be a baby about it for God’s sake, James, Do you want the demo?”

“I want an explanation.”

“Fine,” Edith practically snarled. “We need a human…conduit I guess is the word for it. We enter the man’s phone – assuming of course the closest man to the phone is the man himself – “

“–a big if,” I interrupted. 

“–Not at night, when everyone sleeps next to their phone,” she countered before going on. “And we need the object of desire. I won’t bore you with the details, but basically to direct the brain – which is staggering in complexity – in a way we want we need another brain.”

The blood drained from my face. “You’re going to take my brain out?”

Edith dragged her hand across her face. “No. No harm comes to you. You know what, just go in, and see for yourself. Trust me.”

“How well did that work out for me last time huh?!” I snapped. 

Silence. 

 I was *such* an *idiot.* “Look I-”

“Whatever,” Edith said, her face drawn into that expressionless state that told me nothing and everything. “Just get in and get this over with.”

“Do I need to take off my shoes or, my clo-”

“No.”

And so I lay on the bed and the tunnel started to move forward to cover my head. Soon the lights faded, and I was covered in darkness. Only occasional flashes of light from the machine interrupted the nothingness. 

“The man is someone you don’t know – there’s problems if it’s someone you know – and the object is Union Square.”

“Ah, we’re making him come to Union Square?” I asked. 

“Exactly.”

Suddenly a thought occurred to me. “Wait don’t I have to be asleep for thi-”

It took all my restraint not to scream as I felt a needle prick my forearm, getting the vein in one try. I hated needles – a fact Edith was very familiar with. 

My last thought before I lost consciousnesses was “at least she didn’t miss on purpose.”

***

I woke up. 

There were multi-colored lights above me, and I realized I was back in the same room, lying on that stupid bed. I jerked to my feet and almost fell as the blood rushed to my head. A soft hand grabbed my forearm. I looked to see Edith holding my arm. 

“You shouldn’t do that,” she said, her voice carry the tut of disapproval. 

“Sorry,” I mumbled, “I didn’t realize I’d been drugged.”

Edith smiled openly at that, her usual guardedness gone. “Well, if I’d told you, you never would have agreed to it, the pansy you are,” she said, and her grin turned positively devilish. Strange, I thought she’d hold the grudge about my comment much longer. Still, I wasn’t one to kick a gift horse in the mouth.  

What was I forgetting here? Something about lying on the bench? 

“Let’s get out of this office,” Edith breathed directly into my ear. I gave a start at how close she was to me. I hadn’t noticed while I’d been thinking about…whatever it had been. In fact, she still hadn’t let go of my arm. Her emerald eyes stared into mine. 

All I could do was breathe out. “Where to?”

“Well, I’ve heard Union Park is nice this time of year.”

Everything clicked. 

***
I woke up with a gasp and rolled off, trying to get away from the fake Edith. Suddenly I was falling and then my shoulder slammed into something hard. 

“Welcome back,” a voice drawled from somewhere above me. 

At the sight of Edith’s head looking over me, I instinctually flinched back and immediately regretted it. It had been a dream, a dream. It was so obvious now that it had been. Edith wasn’t one to forgive easily. Now the details came to me. There had been only one bed, the lights had been multi-colored and in reality they were a sterile white. 

Edith didn’t seem to take offense though. She smiled - there was nothing kind in it. 

“Showing is better than telling yeah?”

“I…you…what the hell!” was all I could manage to say. 

“There’s feedback,” Edith said, not even bothering to help me up. “Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Your brain too provides you with whatever stimulus will make you most likely to come to Union Square.”

I shuddered. It hadn’t been real of course, of course it hadn’t been. But when I’d been in it… 

This was more dangerous than I could ever have imagined. 

*****Chapter Five: Obrek**
*** 
Kos, she was scary. 
 
That move with the teleport had been ridiculous. No one could teleport on call like that - no one but her it seemed. It had definitely been the right move to attack the ship. Might’ve earned me a bit of good will. 
 
“Obrek, are you even listening,” Keira snapped, actually this time. Now that we were out of space there was no reason to use Mental communication anymore. While just talking required very little risk, Mental Links were dangerous, allowing a Mage to completely break another’s mind, Mage or otherwise. So even the tiniest risk was a bit scary.  
 
“Wha- yes. Of course. Something about a plan?” I said, just as we finally landed on the icy moon’s surface, and began to walk towards where the ship had been shot down from.  
 
Keira shook her head and rolled her eyes. “I’d said, there is no plan. We just go in there and kill all but one of them.”
 
“Oh lovely,” I said drily, “why spare even one?” 
 
“We’ll finally get some info out of him,” she said, as if explaining to a child, “the sight of his fellow species dying should make him more willing to talk.” 
 
She wasn’t much for humor it seemed. “Talk?” I raised my eyebrows, “even if he wanted I doubt he knows the High Speech,” I said. 
 
Keira looked at me and gave a curt nod. She’d taken me for an idiot it seemed. We both knew what would have to happen. One of us would have to Mental Link with him, as I’d done with poor Mira, Kos that seemed like an age ago, which would leave one of us completely vulnerable. Something told me Keira wouldn’t want to take the risk herself. 
 
I needed a plan. But nothing came. Killing her was out of the question, complying with her meant execution, running mean an even worse fate: exile.
 
Keira suddenly stopped and cocked her head, as if listening. “The ice isn’t as thick as here, their base is under here.” 
 
“So how do we get in th-” I began, but Keira held up her hand, and a ball of blue energy appeared in it. As I watched her red hair started to stand on end, until it looked like a flame, writhing and dancing like a real fire. 
 
“Get ready to jump in,” she said, her voice strained. 
 
“I’m sorry?” was all I managed before she hurled down the ball of energy on the ice beneath us. There was a large CRACK, and a scar opened beneath our feet in the ice, and we fell in. 
 
So much for jumping. 
 
We fell in darkness, for thirty seconds or so. “You sure this was the spot,” I asked. 
 
“Of course I am,” she snapped back. As if on cue, a light appeared under us, growing brighter and brighter. “Who’s attacking?” she asked. Though I couldn’t see her, I was sure she was smiling. 
 
“I got it,” I said as the light grew brighter. The energies around Keira shifted and I knew she had put up a shield. I gathered my own energy around me, and green energy appeared along my fists and legs, as if I were a meteor burning up in the atmosphere. 
 
I let out a battle cry as the light grew brighter and we landed in their base. There was a huge explosion of green that blinded even me. There was screaming and the sound of things breaking. My vision cleared some seconds later. 
 
The floor underneath us was completely dented and it seemed the lights had blown out. Just as I thought that, however, faint green lights, the emergency lights I’d imagine, began to glow along the walls, illuminating the scene. 
 
We were in some sort of base alright. We were in a large room with white tiles and metal walls and about a dozen corpses. Most of them were strewn around like ragdolls, half vaporized, others with broken bones and such. A couple remained in reasonable condition. This species were the standard bipedal, two legs, two arms, a nose, two eyes, etcetera. Most intelligent species in the Universe adopted the same structure- even us Mages - it was simply the most efficient body structure.  
 
Regardless, the scene was utter chaos...except for Keira of course. She stood there, trying to fix her hair, which had become completely disheveled after her stunt on the surface, not a scratch on her. I hadn’t hoped to hurt her of course, but still...damn.
 
“Did you have to shout?” Keira said.
 
I shrugged. “It just felt right,” I said. 
 
Keira just rolled her eyes, “So. Where to, now?
 
 Again, the universe answered. The doors on the opposite side of the hall opened, and more of the bipeds came in. They were wearing white clothes, maybe they had some sort of anti-ballistic armor, maybe they didn’t, it hardly mattered. Keira gathered energy on her fingertips and casually flicked them before they even had the opportunity to raise their weapons.
 
Their screams echoed in the hall. 
 
“That way seems like a good bet,” Keira said and nodded to herself. As we passed the corpses of the attackers, Keira kicked up one of the weapons and tossed it to me. “Tell me about it it, Obrek? You’re the ones who deals with these invasions usually. 
 
I was beginning to think I was wasting my resources. If Keira went with us, we could spare about half our military expense. Regardless, I examined the weapon. “Standard ballistic weapon, Keira,” nothing special. 
 
Still, she frowned. “Those star-weapons earlier certainly weren’t standard, Obrek, something-” Another guard ran in from a connecting hallway and fired at us. The shots bounced off Keira’s shield and she casually launched another bolt of energy at the thing. “something is not right, about this whole situation.” she said, “they know who we are, *what* we are. How? And if they do why let us come this far? Why not attack with the star-weapons?”
 
We turned down the hallway that person had come out of to face a locked steel door. Keira gritted her teeth and punched the door, her fist laced with blue energy. The door flew off its hinges, to reveal a room with screens all over the walls, and a single biped in a chair. It stood up and started to clap. 
 
“Welcome, Council Head Keira Metz, General Obrek, to Europa, this is quite a surprise,” said the Expedition Leader - the one who was supposed to be dead. 

***“The Prince of Darkness, an Archangel, and a Redhead walk into a bar.”

I smiled. Lucifer and Michael said nothing. Even now they sat apart from one another. Forced against a common force, they still flanked me – not on some misguided attempt to surround me. It was simply the result of an aversion that has existed for millennia. 

We sat at a deserted bar, purple seats, hardwood floors, and fans lazily shuffling the air carrying the smell of alcohol. It was an undeniably human place – which was exactly why I’d picked it. I nodded to the bartender who’d made the joke. He nodded, the ghost of a smile still on his lips and poured me a drink. 

He moved to Lucifer – a red skinned man in an impeccable suit with a smoldering gaze and small tufts of horns sticking above his head – and raised his head in a question. Lucifer narrowed his eyes and shook his head. The bartender chuckled then moved to Michael. Michael was dark skinned, dressed in what I thought was a Toga, his powerful pure white wings folded on his back. He turned down drinks too. 

“So, gentlemen,” I said, holding the glass loosely by the neck, gently rocking it back and forth, watching the drink swirl almost lazily in the glass. 

“We are not men, mortal,” Michael said. Said didn’t really capture it. When he spoke, his voice echoed, booming, and filled your head. “You’d do best not to forget that.”

I showed him my teeth.  “You’d do well to respect the president of the people who are about to end you.”

This time it was Lucifer who spoke. “We have not survived all of time for nothing, *human,*” he spat, his voice silky smooth, and my name a curse on his lips. “You will never defeat us, try as you might.”

“Funny you say that. What with considering you guys had the element of surprise. You were the aggressors, hell, some of the humans even joined *you!*” Fanatics. More than a tenth of the humans had fought along side the ones who’d tried to end us. No humans adorned their ranks anymore. There had been no need for orders – every bullet fired, every shell detonated – was aimed to human first, then to angel or demon. No one liked a traitor. 

Regardless, I continued. “Now we own hell. We have control of your hellfire, and soon we will figure out a way into heaven. You will never threaten us again.”

Silence. The humans had beaten out the worst. From here on, especially with Hellfire augmenting our tech, humans were only getting stronger, while the angels and demons grew weaker.

“What do you want?” said Lucifer.

I allowed myself a real smile. “What? No bravado now? No threats?”

“Pride, mortal,” Michael growled. “It shall be your downfall.”

I put my glass on the table and spread my hands. “Pride seems to have served us pretty well thus far.”

Again that silence. I let it fill the room. They were the ones negotiating; I held all the power in this room. 

“We will not give up heaven,” Michael said. “We would rather fight to the death than give it up.”

I turned toward Lucifer, expecting him to say something, to scream about a betrayal, but he looked coldly ahead, the only sign of tension being his clenched fist. “And the demons?” I asked. 

Michael narrowed his eyes. “The Demons will be welcomed back from where they had Fallen. Now that we know who the real demons are, we will need all the deterrent we can get.”

Lucifer unlocked his jaws. “You get hell, all the hellfire, and we get a truce. A Binding.”

A Binding huh? It was a contract that could not be broken without the consent of all the parties. A treaty backed by a Binding was completely enforceable – it was Heaven’s most powerful sword and shield. It’s what guaranteed that this meeting was peaceful. Honestly, it was far more than I’d expected. I’d never expected, or even dreamed, of concessions this big. 

“No,” I said. 

“Pardon?” Michael asked.

“Did I stutter?” I shot back. “There is no deal. I’m here to demand your utter and complete surrender. You move out the way, you tell us how to get to heaven, and we let you live.”

“The sheer insolence –” Michael began but Lucifer cut him off. 

“Then why call us here, mortal?” Lucifer said, his voice pitched low, lethal. “We will not surrender, you know that. Not to *humans.*” Again, that derision, as if it were a curse word. 

“Why did you fail?” I asked. 

Lucifer narrowed his eyes. 

“You all had this planned since the beginning of time. You had to have foreseen guns. The technology. Yet you screwed up, how?”

“Why would I answer?” Lucifer said. 

“It’s rhetorical question, Lucy,” I said, and at the nickname, his eyes blazed with literal fire for a moment before calming. “I know what happened. Your four horsemen who were supposed to nuke us –”

“Didn’t show!” Michael burst out. “One job, Hell had one job to do that would set the universe right, and they managed to bungle it! One of them didn’t show! That's why the humans were even able to fight back!” he was standing, his breathing heavy, eyes locked directly on Lucifer. 

But Lucifer was staring wide eyed at me, and I watched the understanding flare in his eyes. I let the curtain slip and my power filled the room. The president of the humans, their greatest leader, the one who led them on the grandest conquest that would ever be. Not human at all.

Michael and Lucifer flinched back as if struck. I let the power coil around them, and they froze, not daring to even lift a finger. “This…this is not possible,” Lucifer managed. “You cannot be this powerful.”

I laughed. “The greatest war in history will do that to me,” I said. “Now. You said you wouldn’t surrender to a mortal. I ask you to reconsider. Will you surrender to War herself?”
***Death, like everything in this damn world, is tied to Belief. Monsters can be slain by normal means, but humans are functionally immortal. But when your head gets cut off or you get eaten, you fundamentally believe you are dead. And whatever killed you consumes you – you’re a passenger along for the ride 

-Unknown
***

The City found us before we found it. 

The sun bore relentlessly down on us as we trudged through the sand. There had been no real transition into the desert. One moment we were on solid, rocky ground, and the next we were in the desert. 

We’d trudged through this desert for some time now. There was no real threat of course, heat exhaustion couldn’t kill us, and monsters avoided a large group like ours, but still, progress was slow, and spirits were low. 

That is, until we saw her in the distance. 

She was barely a dark speck on the horizon at first, almost unnoticeable, but she stood out from the dreary yellow of the environment. I rubbed my eyes and squinted, but the dot remained. To my left, Celeste had a ball of Power floating above an outstretched palm, and small blobs like hidden tumors sometimes traveled across the surface. She wasn’t even looking up. None of the others seemed to have noticed anything either. But when I looked towards the Priestess, she was frowning, her brow furrowed in concentration. She was looking directly at the speck. She noticed me looking. 

“You see it too, Heretic?” she asked in a low voice, nodding towards the speck. 

I nodded. “Maybe it’s an abandoned structure?” I said, not quite believing myself even as I said it. 

“It’s moving,” The Priestess said. 

Even as I watched the speck moved a bit to the left, then forward. It was moving towards us. 

I pursed my lips. “Monsters?” I asked, and the Priestess shrugged. 

“No way to tell.” 

I nodded. There was no way to go but forward then. 

“Celeste,” I said. Immediately, the sphere wobbled and then shattered into a million pieces, as if exploding. Celeste whirled to face me, her face bared into a snarl, her eyes furious. 

I involuntary too a step back at the anger in her face. “Celeste?” I said again. 

She blinked and shook her head, as if to clear it.  “Sorry,” she said, frowning. “I was kind of in the middle of something, and in the heat of the moment…” Again, she shook her head. “Anyways, what were you saying?”

I debated asking her about what had just happened, but decided against it. I would have to address this again, later, but we had more pressing issues. I pointed out the spec that was already becoming noticeably larger. “You see that?”

Celeste cocked her head and squinted. “Something is moving out there,” she said, and then groaned. “Of course there is. There’s always something.” 

“The three of us will go ahead to meet whatever it is, keep the people out of danger.” I said. 

Celeste raised an eyebrow. “*Three* of us?” she said, not bothering to lower her voice. “Isn’t it enough that we let her come with us, why does she get any say at all in what we do?”

I looked back; the Priestess was deliberately not looking at us, but her posture was rigid, and her jaw was set. 

“We already have enough enemies, Celeste, we don’t need to make more out of allies,” I said.

Celeste raised an eyebrow but didn’t say anything further. She turned back to talk with one the people, telling them to wait here and pointing out the speck in the distance. The Priestess turned away from so I couldn’t see her face, but her posture was looser, her back no longer rigid. I allowed myself a small smile before focusing on the specks.  

*** 

They were people. When we got closer the one waved their hand towards us, as if in greeting. A knot untied itself in my stomach. I’d been almost certain they would be some sort of monsters. 

A tall woman with fiery red hair was helping a limping man across the desert. 

When we got closer, we saw they were covered in blood. The woman’s eyes immediately flew to my sword with the cross embedded in it. Her eyes widened and suddenly brimmed with tears. 

“Oh thank God, A Priest, *A Priest,*” she said, sobbing openly now. 

Celeste rushed forward and helped the man leaning against her. I shifted awkwardly, I hadn’t been seen as a Priest of God in a long, long time. 

“What happened to you?” The Priestess asked, her voice betraying no other emotion. 

“And why are you heading this way?” Celeste asked. “There is a City the other way across this desert.”

The woman started sobbing even harder. She tried to speak, but couldn’t. All she could do was shake her head. Between choked sobs she managed to speak. 

“I…the monsters. There is no City anymore.”  

Celeste swore, and the priestess muttered a prayer to her dead God.

I closed my eyes for a moment. We were consistently too late. Again and again we arrived just before disaster. 

When I opened my eyes, all of them were staring at me, waiting. 

“Take us to where the City used to be, then,” I said. 

Celeste frowned, “You heard her,” she said, “there’s nothing for us there.”

I shook my head. “Maybe there are survivors, and in any case, it’s in our way.”

“On our way to what?” The Priestess asked, her eyes narrowed in suspicion. 

“What was once my Home.”Power is not living per se, but to call it inert is to be ignorant. Power is sentient, and it has one purpose: It wants to be used. 

-Unknown
***
The vital part about a “surprise attack” is that it has to be a surprise. 

Every time I’d walked into one of these “safe” cities, there had been some kind of attack or mishap or disaster. My mind conjured the image of a body lying on the street, wearing a face I once knew, just a body, not a person – not anymore. 

I shoved the mental picture away, and concentrated at the matter at hand. 

The Bull God was twenty feet tall and almost as wide. Even as I watched it picked up one of our people as she screamed, looked her in the eyes, and crushed her in his fists. I watched, sickened, as what was left of her splattered on to a couple of others. They ran, screaming, helpless against a God. 

The Priest paid no more than a passing glance to her. “We have to leave,” he said, his deep voice carrying over the screaming.

“Oh no, *Priest,*” the God sneered. His voice was so deep that I felt it in my chest. “You will leave with them. You have a very important meeting.” 

That froze me. I finally connected the dots – this whole thing was a trap sure, but engineered by a *God working with the monsters.* Monsters were dumb, driven by instinct, they couldn’t have set this up on their own. Even as I watched they avoided attacking the God, and came towards us.   

I called Power to me, and it answered with glee, eager to be used, but I held off – only taking a little. I’d realized that when I used power I wasn’t…me, not fully. Like when I’d snapped at the Priest when he had been trying to point out people at the horizon. 

I held out my hand, and a tendril of pure black appeared in my hand. I gripped it and swung, lashing it out like a whip towards a group of three. They were, well, monsters. One was a scaly and short, barely a foot with wicked teeth, the other two had feathers and wings and stood around my height. 

My whip bit into them and they screeched. One of the bird-monsters literally got cut in half, its torso falling on the ground, and its feet taking a few uncertain steps before collapsing. The other bird had tried to fly above it, but I’d gotten its feet. It lay on the ground, screeching, immobilized by pain. 

The small scaly monsters had avoided it, and was now running towards me. I let the whip dissipate – too close now – and raised my left hand gathering Power. As eager as it was, Power still took a fraction of a second to respond – time I didn’t have. 

Before I could let the Power loose, the thing launched itself at me. I had the presence of mind to turn to the side, and shield my throat with my forearm. The monster but into it, and I screamed as excruciating pain exploded through my arm. I jerked my hand to try to push the thing off, but its jaws remained locked on my arm. 

There was a shadow above me. 

*I’m dead.* There was no way I’d be able to deal with another one if it was here. I could barely handle this one. 

There was a slash, and suddenly the pain in my arm decreased from incomprehensively high, to merely debilitating. The dark-skinned Priestess entered my field of view and offered my hand, her sword holding the other one. 

I debated slapping it away, but what the hell, she’d just saved my life. Still, I grimaced as I took her hand and she pulled me to my feet. I looked at my arm – it was a bloody mess. Teeth marks scored my skin where the thing had dig in. I kicked the monster’s corpse just for good measure. 

As I was watching my arm, there was a screech, and I looked up in time to see another green, scaly thing leap at me. I didn’t even have time to scream before the Priestess unceremoniously pushed me out of the way and sliced the thing in half midair.

“Focus,” she snarled, “they’re not going after us. We have to save him.” 

My sharp retort died on my lips as I saw the scene. The monsters who’d come after us were just the stragglers. More than a dozen focused on the Priest, while the God rampaged through what was left of our people, cackling as he did. 

The Priest held them off. 

It was a sight to behold. They had him surrounded at all times, but “only” six could attack him at a time. As a hairy ball with teeth leaped at him, he somehow ducked at the exact moment he needed to and swung his blade to the left, cutting another monster in half just before he scored a hit. Another one, a tall lanky…thing with talons, scored a hit across the Priest’s forearms, but the Priest swung his staff at its head – there was an explosion of Power, and the top half of the monster was just…gone. Even as I watched three new monsters replaced the ones he’d killed. 

He didn’t wield nearly as much Power as I could, but where I’d been taken down by three monsters, the Priest, even with less Power, was doing much better than I was. 

But he was losing. 

A dozen small to moderate cuts and scratches covered his arms and torso. He couldn’t keep this up. 

“Alright,” I said, trying my best to ignore the waves of pain pulsing from my forearm. “Cut any that get too close, I’ll take care of the rest.”

The Priestess nodded and gestured for me to lead the way. 

This time I didn’t hold back. I let the Power flow in, all of it that wanted to. Suddenly, everything gained an edge, grew sharper, and the pain in my arm became a distant memory. The God was surrounded in a white aura, the priest was positively radiating Power. Next to me the Priestess had nothing, just like the people who the God was crushing. I couldn’t even imagine being like them. Weak. Unable, or unwilling, to let Power in. Still, the Priestess was helpful, she could deal with trivialities, so I wouldn’t have to bother. 

A Sphere of Power the size of my fist formed in front of me as I ran, and I sent it barreling into the monsters. A sphere touched one on the outskirts of the group surrounding the Priest, and exploded, getting the ones next to it too. Power coiled around me, pushing against me, asking, no begging, to be used. I was happy to oblige. 

I laughed and threw another orb. 

A monster jumped out from one of the buildings we were running past, and before I could so much as twitch, the Priestess skirted to my left and cut it apart, her sword a blur. At least she was a little useful. 

I picked up speed and ran in front of her, she said something, but she didn’t matter, what mattered was getting closer to the Priest. I released a final sphere, and responding to my desire the Power coalesced into a sword in my right hand, the edge of it like a living flame, constantly moving and flickering. I swung, and the Power extended my blade to cut through the monster in front of me – I felt no resistance as the monster was cut in half. 

They barely even noticed me – they were focused on the Priest. I would swing and by the time they realized, it was too late. It actually sort of irked me; I was the one with Power, more than the Priest, but I wasn’t even the target. 

No matter, they would know to fear me after this fight.As most of you know, I don't often do part twos, but I really liked this story. Plus I had a really good idea for what to do here. If you enjoyed part one, you'll enjoy this. Trust me. 
***
**Part 2.** 
***
“Stay in there with him,” I told the imp, “make sure something doesn’t crawl out of him or something.”

I had once seen a whole squad of soldiers killed because they thought they had killed a demon, only for a mantis like thing to tear its way out of the skin and slaughter them all. 

I also didn’t want this demon to see me trembling.

I leaned against the cell wall on the outside. It had been too easy to act scared in there, because I *was* scared. What if the soldier had changed his mind? What if the tracker dissolved in my stomach acid? Then I would be stuck here, raped and tortured for decades. I shuddered. 

*Pull yourself together, Emma.* I took a deep breath. I had done it, it had all gone to plan…so far. I couldn’t let the soldier see me scared. As I had just seen, the psychological factor of this was critical. The demons had to think we were some sort of monster, incapable of emotion, incapable of fear. Relentless. 

I composed myself and slipped on my mask. Not a physical one, but it might as well be. It was an expression. Sort of boredom mixed with confidence. A look that said I wasn’t worried, that I did not feel the least bit threatened. It was the mask I wore when facing the leaders of each nation, political rivals.

And demons intent on torturing me. 

The soldier came out then and grim faced, said “Clear, that one isn’t a parasitic host. He’ll stay dead.” 

I searched his face for some sign that he was lying, but we were almost as clueless about demon psychology as they were to our thinking. I had no idea what expression he wore, much less the facial cues that revealed whether he was lying. 

My final resort then. Trust. 

I held out my hand, and the demon dutifully handed me a loaded 9mm pistol. Old but reliable. I checked the clip, and it was loaded. 8 bullets. 

The demon also handed me a small headset. It was pathetic really, the demons seemed to trust their own kind almost completely. The demon had said he would be able to sneak in the guns and the transmitter with ease. Who after all would betray his own species?  

“Captain Owen?” I whispered into the mic. We were in a jail of some sort, a long hallway with cells in the walls. There were no guards in sight, but better safe than sorry. 

“Oh thank god, Madame Chair. You’re alright.” The captain actually was relieved. He had been the head of my security detail since I had been merely a senator all those years ago. He was one of the few people I trusted completely. When I had told him the plan about letting me get captured he had threatened to resign. It had taken a great deal of convincing to get him to go along with it. 

“Yes, I’m fine, Owen. Is everything alright on your end?” I tried not to let the anxiousness bleed into my voice. If the extraction team hadn’t breached the facility’s defenses, and discreetly at that, I’d be trapped here. At least we would have the location of this complex. 

“Err…mostly,” Owen replied with slight trepidation. 

Oh crap. I grimaced and said, “Define ‘mostly,’ Owen.”

“Well, we have successfully infiltrated the facility, and the tracker is functional, but, we do not know your vertical position.” I could almost see him wincing, expecting me to be angry.

I felt like banging my head against a wall. We had planned this out so thoroughly, how the hell had we neglected such a simple problem?

I turned to the demon who was anxiously looking down the hallway as if expecting someone to walk in our line of sight any moment. “How many floors in this complex?”

“No one knows,” he answered with a shrug, “Lord Lucifer carved this out with his own powers, we never seem to run out of cells.”

Great, just great. “What level are *we* on, demon?” 

He glared at me, his red eyes seemed to be on fire, “I have a name, *human.* And we are only 3 levels below ground.”

I was a bit taken aback; the demon seemed genuinely offended. I filed the information away for later use, and turned the mic back on. 

“We are on LL3, Owen, where are you?”

“Ground floor, we will-“ He was cut off by sudden inhuman screeching. “SHIT. Take cover!” Owen’s voice shouted, just before the channel cut off. 

The plan had been for us to wait while Owen and his team extracted us. The main assault would soon follow. It seemed like we would have to go to Owen. I tried not to think too much about what would happen to Owen. He would be alright of course; he always made it out of tough scrapes.

Yeah. I wasn’t worried at all.  

 “We have to get to the ground floor, demon.” I made a point not to ask his name. We were not partners. 

If the demon felt something I couldn’t see it on his face. “Follow me,” he said simply. I followed him through the winding passages and flights of stairs. The place seemed to a labyrinth, likely to confuse would be fugitives.

We didn’t talk, and not just because there was nothing to talk about. 

Soon we arrived at a series of double doors. The demon turned to look back at me. “There will be chaos behind this door,” he said.

“I don’t hear gunfire or screaming or anything like that though.”

A brief look of irritation flashed across the demon’s face. “That’s because it’s soundproof. Now anyways, stay behind cover, if you die, your security detail would probably just kill me out of spite.”

“I know how to use a gun,” I wanted to snap, but didn’t. While I could fire a gun, hitting things was another thing entirely. So I swallowed my pride. “Got it,” I said simply. 

“Good.” And with no fanfare he threw open the doors and revealed a scene of utter chaos. 

Demons flew in a giant lobby. Some soldiers fired at them behind some sort of metal table that had been overturned. I watched as one winged demon dove towards them. 

“Two o’ Clock!” Owen shouted, and suddenly all gunfire focused on the diving demon, and it got torn to shreds, it’s corpse hitting the wall behind them. But there were too many demons for Owen’s five-man team to deal with.

The demons had completely ignored us up to this point. “Do something!” I shouted at the demon, “help them!” 

A fireball appeared in the demon’s hand. I felt the heat radiating off it where I stood 5 feet away. He grabbed it like a baseball and lobbed it directly at a demon. The fireball took it squarely in the torso, and it plummeted with a shriek. Realizing they were flanked, the demons screeched wildly, not wanting to take a fight from two fronts. They flew out a skylight.

I ran to where Captain Owen and his men had been. 

“Madame Chair,” Owen asked when he saw me, sagging in relief, “Are you quite alright?” 

“Yes, Owen, your team?”

His expression turned somber. “Jasper didn’t make it,” gesturing vaguely upwards, “They carried him out from the skylight. Heard his screams when they dropped him.” He shuddered. Then he shook himself, and focused on me intently. “Let’s go Madame Chair.”

“Hey, what about me?” The demon asked. “You just going to leave me here after I made my betrayal public?”

I hesitated. That’s exactly what I wanted to do, but it would ensure we would get no other traitors. No, we had to make it more appealing for demons to betray their own kind. “Of course, you’re coming,” I said in what I hoped was a reassuring way. 

He nodded, not betraying any emotion. All of us hurried back to the helicopter without incident. I let out a breath after we were out of the hostile airspace. We landed in our makeshift base about a half hour later. 

“As usual Captain Owen, you have do-“ I was cut off suddenly by the demon moving. I honestly couldn’t tell what happened. There was a blur of motion as the demon moved impossibly fast. Before I knew it Owen was dead, his neck broken and the other three soldiers had their throats slit. The pilot turned around but his head suddenly *exploded.* He didn’t even scream. 

It all took about two seconds.  

The demon stood outside the helicopter, smiling in the most eerie way possible.

“My name, if you were wondering Madame Chair, is Lucifer. Thanks for leading me to your strike base.”**Marie**

I expected the blow but that didn’t make it hurt any less. 

There was the familiar bite of pain on my cheek and I was on the floor, feeling like someone had poured molten rock on my face and the inside of my ear. Tears blurred my vision and I blinked them away, furious. Furious at Mike, my mother, the entire god damned world. 

Mike stepped into my field of view, face contorted into a permanent scowl. Like almost always, he reeked of alcohol. He picked me up by the shirt effortlessly so high that my legs were off the ground. I cried out despite myself as Mike looked into my eyes, eyes wild. “Next time I hear you skulking around when your mother and I are spending quality time alone…”

Pointing out that our hut had two rooms probably wouldn’t help. 

“Mike!” 

I looked past his shoulders to see Mom standing in the opening that led to their room, a sheet pulled around her. She was wringing her hands. “Just…leave her alone, s-she’s done nothing.” 

“Shut up, bitch,” he snarled as he whipped his head around to glare daggers at her. Mom immediately lowered her eyes and shrunk back as if struck. “I’ll deal with you–”

This was my chance. 

Mike had been a constant terror for the last 6 years of my life, ever since Dad died when I was ten or so. He’d been rough, sure, but a seamstress could only make so much… That’s what Mom had said at least, back when she bothered to talk to me. Now she just cowered. Today’s display of courage was practically miraculous. 

Well, I had courage enough for both of us. 

Mike was too busy cussing out Mom to see me as I took out the knife I’d stolen from Lord Harkon’s kitchens a week ago. I’d had it for a week, the cold metal kissing my skin, promising…freedom. Release. 

I knew enough to know where to cut. A flick of the wrist, a slice on the throat. A bit of resistance. It was easy, shockingly easily. It was no different than cutting through a potato – easier even. The vegetable required more strength to cut through.   

Mike turned back to me and for a terrifying moment, I thought it hadn’t worked. It was just a line of red. Mike was terrifying. The demon of my life. It couldn’t have been that easy, of course it wasn’t. 

Then his grip loosened. 

I fell on the ground as he dropped me. He stared open-mouthedly as he reached for his neck. he looked at his hand. It came away bloody. 

He opened his mouth to say something. Some final cuss, some profound truth, some terrible curse. Who gave a fuck. All that came out was a wet gurgle. He stumbled and fell sideways, toppling like a log. 

*Just like that.*

Mom screamed. A hoarse, terrible scream. I barely had time to look up at her before she shoved me aside like trash and threw herself on top of Mike’s cooling corpse, crying hysterically. 

I blinked. I…didn’t understand. “Mom?” I asked. 

She whirled to face me. “Shut up, Marie, just shut up!” She took  a hiccupping breath. “God, what the hell did you do that for?”

I flinched. “He…he’d hurt me. Hurt you.” I’d thought she’d be happy. Proud of how brave I’d been. Brave enough to steal. To face him. To end him. 

“How will we survive?” Mom said, not really talking to me and went back to crying over Mike. 

I felt like I was choking. For some reason, the house felt more hostile than it had ever been when Mike was alive. It wasn’t home anymore. 

I wiped the blood on Mike’s pants and strapped the blade under my dress again. The cool feeling was still there, still full of promise. I may be a small teenage girl, but the blade offered power, equality. The great leveler. I’d taken down Mike with it. Who else couldn’t I take?

I walked out of the house that was no longer mine, hadn’t been mine for 6 years, actually. I was just now realizing. I didn’t cry as I stepped into the rain. Mike didn’t deserve my tears. 

Mom didn’t even notice when I left. 

***

I found shelter in between 3 rocks in the jungle. Protection was a relative term as rain still blasted y face and legs, but I was drenched already so it really didn’t matter. 

And there, in the middle of the woods, in the pouring rain, with wet leaves as my bedding, I got the best sleep I’d had in years.

***
I woke to  the warm touch of someone’s hand. 6 years of living in hell had conditioned me well. I flinched back and pushed at whoever was touching me, putting distance between us. 

It was a man. Short, around my height, with dark hair that was stuck to his forehead because of the rain. Definitely older than me, but not old. Maybe 30. He was wearing clothes like I’d seen before. Blue pants of some strange material, some fancy white shoes, a buttoned shirt and some sort of coat. He had a large satchel slung across his shoulder.

Was he a noble? I’d seen Lord Harkon’s daughter put on the frilliest, most ridiculous dresses. The other kitchen girls called it fashion. Style. Lord Harkon dressed like a gentleman, but perhaps there was male nobility like Lord Harkon’s daughter.

I said nothing. The two of us just stared at each other. Suddenly, I shivered, and I realized that my hair was clinging to me, and my clothes were drenched and sticking to me like a second skin. The man reached into his satchel and took out some sort of fabric. 

“Clothes for you,” he said. “You must be freezing.”

I took a hesitant step forward and he held out them out further as if to encourage me. An image popped into my head, of a deer walking up to a lion who stay motionless, waiting for the right moment to pounce. 

I turned around and moved to run, but the man was faster. He wasn’t drunk like Mike. 

He caught my collar but didn’t pull. “Look, I know you have no reason to trust–”

He wasn’t expecting me to turn around and scratch at him. The knife was too slow, it would take me a couple of seconds to take out and I didn’t have a couple of seconds. I scored one scratch on his forearm with my untrimmed nails before he had both my hands in his. I tried to break out but couldn’t. He was too strong. No, no, not like this. I wouldn’t lose to this stranger after I’d just gotten rid of Mike. 

“Marie.”

I stopped struggling and gaped at him. I knew everyone who knew my name. I could count them on my fingers. To the rest I was just girl or wench. 

“Look, please, Marie. I’m Jeff. A friend. I’m not here to harm you,” he said in a soothing voice. 

“Then what do you want to do?” I demanded.

“Help,” he said. 

He loosened his grip and let me go. I cocked my head at him and frowned. “No one helps anyone,” I told him. “Everyone always wants something.”

A ghost of a smile played across his lips. 

“I just want to repay a favor.”How powerful is one with the Power? Depends on how willing to use the Power they are, and how sure of themselves they are. That we’d figured out early. We figured out late, too late, there was another, very obvious factor.

-Unknown
***
They unraveled before me. A human-like beast with a pig’s head rounded towards me and just … stopped existing. Dark Power covered him as he turned towards me and then melted away, leaving nothing behind. Another mix of lizard and bird flew towards me and a tendril of power struck like a whip, skewering the monster.

I didn’t even have to command the Power anymore, didn’t even have to think. The Power anticipated my needs. It filled me, suffused me, and there was no better high than to use it. Soon, too soon, I reached the Priest. We were surrounded by dead monsters, and not a single one of them moved or even moaned in pain. All was silent. There was something important about that, the silence, but the Power wasn’t interested – it was interested in the Priest. He still wielded his sword in his right hand and the staff in his left I noted with distaste, crude instruments, but effective nonetheless I suppose. I didn’t even have to think, the Power coiled around me, a snake ready to strike. Those monsters had been pathetic, but this, this would be a true chall-

“Celeste!” the Priest’s voice cracked like a whip, holding relief, anger and worry all in one. 

I blinked, and my hold on the Power wavered for a moment. Or was it the Power’s hold on me? I pushed it away, down, out of me, and I almost stumbled from the shock of it, the sheer loss in sensation. Everything was…duller, and I felt slower, weaker, incomplete. But that wasn’t the worst part.

The worst part was that the Power was right there, beckoning, waiting to be used at a moment’s notice, and perhaps even before that. 

“Celeste,” the Priest said again. 

I forced a smile, though my mind was whirling. *What was happening to me? What was Power doing to me?* “Saved your life again, Priest,” I said in a forced tone of joviality. 

The Priest frowned as if weighing whether to speak then shook his head. “We will speak of this later,” he said. The emphasis on this almost made me shiver. Almost. Instead I stared back at him, meeting his eyes. Only then did it register. Silence. No screaming. 

“Where is everyone?” I asked, knowing the answer already. 

The Priest pressed his lips in a thin line, which for him was equivalent to a scream of horror. I looked back to see our followers. They lay dead on the ground, or what was left of them. Pieces of body parts, some still twitching, lay on the bloodstained ground. They were scattered throughout the square, men and woman who I’d talked to, who’d feared me sure, but expected me to protect them. Again, my mind was filled with the image of a body, a piece of meat, laying on a bloodstained city square much like this.

And there was the Bull God, grinning with that demonic smile of his, and in his oversized hand he held the Priestess. 

There was a cut across her forehead, and one of her eyes was swollen shut. The other was wide open, and furious. 

I’d left her. She’d saved my life, despite knowing that I hated her, and I’d left her to save the Priest – she’d even shouted at me as I’d left, but the Power hadn’t cared. No. I shook my head. I hadn’t cared. I couldn’t hold the Power accountable, it was me though and through. 

“Very impressive, Heretic, and your apprentice did far better than I expected,” The God said in a leathery voice. “But all for naught.”

The Priest set his jaw and took a step forward. Power amplified his voice. “Do not waste my time, Bull.” The Priest said, the Bull God’s eyes flashed at the sneer in his voice. “You have a deal to propose, or perhaps gloat over, let’s just get on with it.”

“Bold words for a Priest without followers, Heretic,” the Bull sneered, but the Priest showed no reaction except for clenching his jaw even harder. “But I shall oblige you. I had my orders, Heretic, from the being you called your God.”

I openly gaped at him. “Gods? In league with the monsters?” I began to say impossible, but proof to the contrary stood in front of me.

At that the Priest did react. He pursed his lips and looked down at the ground and shook his head. It was not the look of a man who was shocked, but one who had received the bad news he’d been expecting to hear for a while. 

“I have no quarrel with your apprentice, nor this Godless Priestess for that matter.” He grinned as he shook her violently to show his point. I was surprised her neck didn’t snap at the motion. “The Godless are almost extinct and the Gods are dying, and all of us alive grow in Power. I would not risk that by fighting, and neither should you.”

I frowned. Why was he telling us all this? We had been clueless, caught in his trap, and here he was giving us information – it made no sense. I began to reach for Power, but the Priest grabbed my hand, his grip as tight as a vise. 

“Stop,” he said. 

“A wise move, Heretic. One move girl, one iota of Power, and I will snap this Priestess’ skinny neck.” 
 
“After which we will obliterate you, Bull,” I said. 

The Bull narrowed his eyes. “Perhaps, perhaps not. But the fact remains, the Priestess will die.”

“What is it that you want, Bull?” The Priest practically growled. 

“Why you of course, Heretic. I am to bring you in front of your very own God and take my place among the chosen few – such was our agreement.”

“A trade then, Bull?” the Priest asked.

“Precisely.”

“You can’t be thinking about this,” I said, turning to the Priest. “After we’ve found out about all this, you throw your life away, all this,” I gestured to the corpses of our followers, “will be for nothing! You might save the Priestess today,” I felt ashamed even saying it, but it was the truth, “but she’ll die like the resto of us eventually.”

“That is why I must go, Celeste. I have failed my followers, put them through hell, but I will not fail the Priestess, I will not fail you. I will end this. Beat the God I once put my faith in and, the God who was not satisfied with the Power his followers gave him.”

I gaped at him. “You’re speaking nonsense!” I couldn’t believe this. He was supposed to be the sensible one, the calm one. “You’re not even thinking straight!” And that was when I realized what was happening. 

I called Power, just a bit of it, it was like trying to fill a cup in a waterfall, but I managed it, and looked. Where his face was like stone, Power showed his true feelings. Power swirled around the Priest, dark and thick, and *angry.* For the first time since I’d known him, the Priest was off balance. 

“Stop, Priest, it’s the Power! It isn’t you-”

“I accept, Bull,” The Priest cut me off. 

“Your word, Heretic?” The Bull leaned forward, eager, “Your word as a Priest?”

“So long as you give me yours, Bull.”

The Bull nodded. “If you agree to travel with me to the Great City, and offer no violence until I have put you in front of your former God, I shall release this Godless Priestess. Agreed?”

The Priest gave a curt nod. I didn’t even bother to convince him, now. He was too far gone. “I’ll come for you, Priest, into your Great City. Just survive until then.”

The Priest turned back to look at me. “He’s baiting you, you realize?” he said. “He is afraid to take you, and he goads you into coming.”

I snorted. So, he realized that, but not that he was the one being baited too. “Doesn’t change anything,” I said. 

The Priest simply nodded and turned towards the Bull. He had already put the Priestess down. She lay on the ground, her chest rising and falling uncertainly. Wounded, but alive. I could work with that. The Priest marched towards the Bull, and held out his hand. Before I could even contemplate attacking with Power, the Bull touched the Priest, and the two of them were gone. 

Leaving me alone with dead monsters, dead followers, and a dying woman in a dead city of a dying world.The amount of Power in the world is constant. Faith does not create Power, nor does death destroy it. This is vital. 

-Unknown
***
“You know, I feel like I’ve seen this scene before.”

Celeste’s voice sounded light, but there was a certain tightness to it. In front of us, again, stood City. It was the smallest one we’d seen yet. The towers weren’t quite as tall and fine as the others. The walls seemed just lower quality overall compared to the other two cities, and a pittance against the walls that we would meet in the Great Cities. Still it seemed almost a mirage, a walled city in the middle of a harsh desert. 

The red-haired woman who’d once lived there kept looking left to right, her eyes wide. Her companion looked a bit better, but still leaned heavily against her when he walked. Still, something was…off. I couldn’t exactly put my finger on it, but something strange was afoot. 

The gates were, as expected, ruined. I could make out some sort of half bull, half man carved on the gates, but barely. Something had wrenched them open, and the foot wide metal was curled from the center – whatever it was, it had been huge. 

Celeste blinked several times. “Um…why exactly aren’t we just walking around this place?” she asked. 

I opened my mouth to answer, but the red haired woman beat me to it. “You-you can’t just leave them here! Some of them might be alive!”

“Didn’t stop you from running away, though,” Celeste said. 

The woman looked like she was about to cry. “Stop,” I said, and shot Celeste a glare. “What else could she have done, Celeste? Unleashed her Power on them?”

Celeste shrugged noncommittally, “Maybe if they had Faith in themselves instead of their precious Gods…”

“You wouldn’t understand,” The Priestess said with a hint of reproach, but not with malice. “A God is supposed to protect you, he *is* you, a part of you at least, for them, for…me, believing in God is like believing that my arms will work. And when suddenly your arms don’t do what you tell them…” she trailed off. 

Celeste looked at the Priestess, her icy eyes wide.  

I shook my head. “Well, whatever the case, we *can* do something about it – and I intend to,” I said with more confidence than I actually felt. Still, that feeling nagged me. *Something* was off. Nothing relating to Power or anything, but human – there was an unformed thought at the edge of consciousness that I just couldn’t hold on to.

Instead of leaving behind the whole host of followers we had, we’d kept them close this time around. If the God was still alive he could easily kill them before we could react if we were far away and unlucky. So Celeste, the Priestess, the red hair woman, her injured companion, and I all took up the lead with the rest of crowd behind us. 

“Alright,” I said, raising my voice. “Be prepared, be on your guard, be alert. We are going to enter the City.” 

We walked into the City and everything went to hell.

They’d waited until we all walked into the plaza. There were bodies littered around the square in an eerie mirror of what we’d found in the last City, but this time none of the monsters were in sight.  

Slowly our people filtered in. 

“When was the attack exactly?” I asked. I’d expected at least some of the monsters to still be around. 

The red-haired woman seemed shocked to hear the question. “I…I ran while the attack was going on.”

“You were able to run through with an injured man, out the city without any monsters chasing you? Towards, not one of the Great Cities, but the desert?” I asked, my eyes narrowing. The pieces began falling together.

She blinked, and then without warning she burst into tears. 

Even as the picture finally formed in my head, I *knew* it wasn’t possible, Monster don’t have intelligence, I’d never seen them actually organize. They attacked together when there was an opportunity, but that was all. To set up a trap like this…it was impossible, against their very nature. 

And yet, dozens leaped out of buildings at us. Some had been blending in with the walls. I saw winged beasts detach themselves from tall towers and come flying towards us. 

The worst however, was the man, the one who’d been leaning against the red haired woman the entire time. He suddenly *threw* the woman and…changed. His muscles bubbled and shifted as if there were snakes under his skin, and his pale, clammy skin began to darken; horns began sprouting from his head. In a matter of moments, the God whose picture had been at the gates stood before us.  

Our people started to scream.(Sorry for being off the grid the past few days, here is the story)

Chapter 7: Keira

***

Betrayal.

The man in front of me was a mage. In an alien base. Gathering energy. He launched a lance of red energy at us, and I put up a rectangular shield, and the energy hit the invisible wall like paint splattering against a wall. Just then, there was shouting from behind us, and the damn aliens started pouring in from behind us.

“Obrek, any *damn* day now!” I said, as I put up another shield behind me. And their ballistic projectiles slammed against it. There were tons of them down the hallway, in an organized formation – more than we’d encountered so far. We’d been shepherded to this room. Obrek, who seemed to be having a stroke, blinked and shook his head, but continued to stare at the mage, just as he attacked again. This finally roused him and he put up his own shield in front to block the strike. 

“Finally,” I exhaled, and turned around to face the aliens behind me. These were wearing orange jumpsuits and had much larger guns. The sheer volume of projectiles against the shield was ridiculous. I gritted my teeth and moved forward down the hallway, readjusting my shield to slow down the bullets instead of stopping them. So bullets went through the shield hit me, but they were moving very slowly and os bounced harmlessly off. 

I’ll say this for the aliens – they had guts. They didn’t break formation as I moved up the hallway towards them, even as their bullets failed to so as much as bruise me. When I got so close that I could see the front soldiers wide eyes and sweaty palms, I smiled. 

In the vacuum of space, energy was really the only viable motion of attack, but when there’s air, oxygen, Mages can add so much variety. And so, maintaining the shield I summoned a gout of flame in my left hand. Still they kept firing, though I thought I saw the young man in front hesitate for a moment. I hurled the fireball at them. 

It reached them, all grouped together in the hallway like that, and exploded. The aliens thrashed around screaming, running, trying to escape their own skins. They weren’t firing anymore. Pitifully enough, the sprinklers on the ceiling turned on, though water could do nothing to quench the flames. 

I rolled my eyes and turned back to the mage Obrek was fighting, as the alies screamed their vocal cords out. Ugh. My hair was ruined. 

Obrek, as I’d expected had the mage on the ropes. The room with the screens was in complete disarray, there were some fires, the screens were all blown out. And there were of course the Mages. 

As I watched, Obrek hurled a ball of green energy at the rogue Mage. All he could do was block the strike with his shield. Whenever the rogue mage would try to mount a counter attack, Obrek would redouble his attacks, making him focus on the defense too much to manage an attack of any sort. 

I folded my arms and watched. I sensed the subtle shift in Obrek’s attack. Finally. He launched his strikes with increased ferocity, and then, in the middle of the strikes he launched a single ball of fire. To conserve energy, the rogue mage’s shield was only built to block energy, which Obrek had *finally* noticed, so when he launched fire amidst the barrage on energy, the flame itself stopped, but the heated air molecules passed right through. The mage screamed as his face turned red. He fell backwards, clawing at his face, his defenses destroyed. 
  
“You could’ve helped back there, you know,” Obrek said. 

I sniffed at him. “I did my part already, Obrek, and what’s more, you probably would’ve thought I was going to attack you if you sensed me gathering energy,” I said. 

“Fair,” he grunted, and moved to the mage, who was still on the floor, writhing. 

“Who is this man, Obrek?” I asked as he bent down. 

He hesitated for a moment, then sighed. “I guess it was obvious, huh?”

“You seemed like you were having a stroke, Obrek,” I replied. 

Obrek smiled, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. “This man is the expedition leader – the one who was supposed to have died in the star weapon attacks.”  

I cocked my head. “I though you examined the girl’s memories, Obrek?”

Obrek ground his teeth together, “she must have made it up, Keira, I-”

“And you fell for it?” 

“Well, it’s too late to do anything now isn’t it!” he yelled.

I held up my arms in placation. “Alright, alright, I’m just saying. But if this man is alive, and working with the aliens…”

“This whole thing has been a set up right from the start,” Obrek finished. 

The screams of the burning aliens finally died down.  

We both turned towards the rogue mage. “We need to interrogate him,” I said, “only then will we get the full details.”

Obrek nodded, then sighed. “How do I knoew you won’t attack me.”

“You’re just going to have to trust me,” I said and flashed him a smile. There was no need to threaten him, we both knew the threat was there – he had to do this. Obrek sighed again and put his hand on the Mage’s forehead, his eyes closed, trying to establish a hostile Mental Link. 

Again, he was completely vulnerable. One attack he’d be dead, out of my hair, just as he’d wanted me to be. But again, I hesitated. The information, we needed the information. I could interrogate him, sure, but if any of the aliens snuck up behind me while I was Linked to him. 

Right on cue, a few more aliens appeared, but when they saw the charred corpses of their friends, they stopped, and stared at me, weapons not even at the ready. I looked sideways at them with a deadpan expression, and raised my hand in front of my face, and set it on fire. Parlor tricks. It just involved a heat resistant shield and minor combustion, but it had the effect I intended. The aliens turned tail and ran.  

Obrek grunted, and moved his arm away from the rogue mage with a jerk. He immediately threw himself backwards and shielded as if expecting an attack. 

“Come on, Obrek, let’s not be children here,” I said, “what did you learn.”

His face reddened slightly but then he told me what he’d learned. The fake memory, the engaged military, the alliance with the aliens, humans, those nuclear weapons, the coup.  

When he’d finished, I frowned, “How do I know you’re telling the truth?” 

It was his turn to smile. “You’re just going to have to trust me.”

******
I knew he was trouble when he walked in. 

He came in, head held up high, posture like someone had shoved a metal rod up his ass. Young, cocky, asshole. It was slow day, only a couple of people were around. None of the regulars. A guy working on his laptop, and another girl watching the snow fall over Union Square outside. 

He walked over to the counter like he owned the place. He raised his voice. “You folk might want to leave,” he said. “This might get ugly.”

I raised an eyebrow at him. He must have a foot on me and his arms were as thick as my thighs. The two customers looked at me and I nodded. “Best to leave, yeah.” They hurried out. What were the odds either of them would call the cops? Next to none. They’d think the other person would. 

“You want something?” I asked. 

The man picked up a cup and threw it at the wall next to my head, probably intending to make me flinch. I caught it as it flew by my head and set it back down. The PTSD and emotional trauma did come with some upsides. 

“So you’re Elizabeth, I take?” eyes narrowed. 

I went with the classic response. “Depends on who’s asking.”

He sneered. “Nobody’s asking, *sweetheart,*” he said. “We’ve been keeping track of what kind of clientele you serve. The rotten. The wannabes. The worst of the worst.”

“Strange,” I mused. “None of them have ever threatened me in my own workplace. Truly, nothing screams paragon of virtue like trying to intimidate women.”

He walked over to a table, picked it up with one hand and threw it against the wall. The table shattered and left a dent in the wall. He picked up a metal chair and, looking me in the eyes, bent it in half. 

I rolled my eyes. “You realize you’re paying for that, right?”

He laughed and continued to wreck the place. Tables, chairs, vases, whatever he could find his hands on, grinning all the time. This was just pathetic, this is what the League had resorted to? Petty intimidation? And it could only be the League with their idiotic ideals of heroism. The government weren’t a bunch of thugs, and anyone else wouldn’t have bothered with the intimidation, they would’ve tried to kill me. Honestly, I would have preferred that. That was honest. This though…
 
“Are you done?” I asked as he sauntered back over to me. 

“For now I am,” he said, again with that grin showing impeccable teeth. I was tempted to punch him…but no. I was out. I didn’t interfere anymore. It wasn’t worth it. “Now listen here, no more serving your “regulars,” yeah? Tell them someone, ah, tipped you off to what they really are. And that you don't serve their kind."

“They don’t trash the place, and tip well. They seem like better customers than you are.”

He leaned closer, looking me dead in the eyes. “Now, the League is protecting all of you from…maniacs like them, maybe you should be a little grateful.” He straightened. “You know, it might get some people thinking, why would any self-respecting citizen serve people like them. Might give the League the wrong idea...”

A handful of people sauntered into the shop snow on their shoulders. “I heard you were having trouble, Liz,” the man in the lead, Jon, said. Behind him, there was Rory, her red hair falling out of her fur hood and Michel, his dark skin a sharp contrast to the winter wonderland outside. 

“Oh, speak of the devil,” the Leaguer said and *smiled.*” Actually smiled. He couldn’t see the tension in the air. I could feel it. Didn't realize how screwed he was.

“Jon, Rory, Mike,” I said, nodding to each of them. “What brings you here.”

“Heard a bull was running around in your shop, Liz,” Jon said, his eyes locked on the intruder. “Thought you could use some help getting it out.”

“Look, don’t worry about it,” I said, asshole or not the guy looked in his 20s. “He’s just a kid, let him go.”

He swiveled towards me, eyes ablaze. I  mentally chastised myself. I hadn't thought before speaking. Forgot how sentimental these young heroes were. 

“A kid? Listen bitch,” he spat, “I’ll show you how much of a kid I really am.” I saw the punch coming a mile away – really those idiots with super strength were always slow for some reason, and moved to the side, but I needn’t have bothered. The kid flew back and hit the wall with a wet sounding thud and a crack. One second he was in front of the counter reaching for me, the next he was against the wall, a red stain on the wall, his neck at an unnatural angle. 

I put my head in my hands. “Jesus fucking Christ, Jon,” I snarled. 

Jon frowned at me, moving his hand back down – he didn’t actually need to move his hand to use telekinesis – he just liked to show off. “He was going to hit you, Liz.”

“Seriously? You think that idiot could have even *touched* me?”

“I don’t know, Liz,” Rory spoke, laughing, “You’ve been out for a long time…”

I glared at her. “Now the league will investigate, things will only go downhill.”

Jon’s voice was laced with steel. “The League won’t fucking dare.”

I knew that tone of voice. “Jon no…”

But he was already turning away. “C’mon Rory, Mike. Let’s have a chat with the local League office.”

I surveyed the broken tables, the body, the blood. "Leaving the adult to clean up the mess..." I muttered uncharitably and went in the back to get the bleach. 

***||
***

“They put it to a vote, can you believe that?”

I said nothing. Death and I were standing at one end of the complex, while all the staff that had been at the base at the time was in a corner discussing and voting on their digital devices. Voting. 

“They really are a special something, these humans,” Death said with a snort and nudged me, as if we were old friends. 

“Why do this, Death?” I hissed. 

“Do what?” she asked innocently. As if telling the humans about my identity was something she’d forgotten. 

I spared her a withering glance. 

She smirked. “You by yourself are powerful enough, War. You and an army…whatever we do, you’ll end up at the top.”

“*We?*” I gaped. “There is no *we*, Death. How can I ever trust you after a stunt like this?”

“As if you trusted me in the first place, War.”

Touché. 

The conversation lulled, and I watched the humans, many of whom stole furtive glances as me, their eyes wide. I paid them no mind, staring straight ahead. Voting…It was unbelievable. As if the wishes of a few didn’t matter if more people disagreed. As much time as I’d spent with them, humans were…unpredictable. I had no idea what decision they would reach. Rationally, the move was to keep me in, then betray me. I had more experience in betrayal than all the other humans combined, so I would be fine with that – but humans were not rational. If they voted me out…it didn’t look pretty. The humans would likely continue their offensive but without me, which would be disastrous for both of us. The humans would fail – they would have no way of checking Death and Famine. The war would end, and the constant supply of power I’d been receiving would halt. I gritted my teeth, it really was a masterstroke by Death.  

“I’ve killed Famine,” Death said after a few moments of silence. 

I started. “What? Why?”

“Famine has no vision,” Death shrugged. “He would’ve served Lucifer and Michael, cycle or no cycle. He was a liability.”

“Not exactly earning my trust, Death.”

Death blew air out of her mouth. “Famine gave me the idea,” she said. “We were fighting, in private, I was winning, and then he teleported parts of our army to the fight.”

I laughed. Famine knew he couldn’t beat Death and his magic couldn’t affect her, but it could affect others. He’d teleported witnesses to the fight instead. “Why didn’t you just kill them?”

Death wrinkled her mouth in disgust. “It was Lucifer,” she said and shook her head. “Not like I could just kill him.”

So, Death was armyless as well. No wonder she was making such a desperate move. She wanted me to have no avenue but to ally myself with her. I opened my mouth to say something, but a woman detached from the crowd of humans. She was tall, blond hair, deep blue eyes, and looked me in the eyes as she walked. Her vitals told a different story though. Tensed muscles, increased heartbeat, slight perspiration. The news wasn’t going to be good. 

She stopped about 5 feet in front of me, took a deep breath, and spoke in a calm, even voice. “All the present staff here digitally voted. No one not currently present in the complex even heard of this, much less voted. In the end, with 64 percent majority, we have decided that you do not represent our interests.” She took a deep breath, maybe expecting me to say something, but I let nothing show. “You have helped us,” she continued, “but likely for your own personal gain. That our interests have coincided so far has gotten us far, but the moment they don’t, you will betray us. We want a leader who fights for us, not for herself.”

“Nice speech,” War said with a chuckle. 

“Is that it?” I said.

The woman nodded. 

An idea had formed in my head, and after the woman had described the voting process, it has solidified. “You’re right,” I said. “I’d helped humans because it helped me.” The woman looked relieved, but I continued. “But now, as you said, our interests no longer coincide. You’re useless.”

“I don’t–”

*Yudh* flashed and the woman didn’t even have time to scream as her head came off her shoulders. Her bodies stood there for a moment, still coming to terms with the loss of her head. She moved forward a couple steps, then collapsed. I stepped to the side and let the body fall to the floor, spraying me with blood as it did. I kicked the woman’s head back to the crowd of humans, who just stared at me with wide eyes. 

“You have given your judgement. And now I give mine.” With that I swung *Yudh* in an arc, using as a conduit for my power, and a crescent of red energy rushing towards the gathered crowd. Some of them had the presence of mind to duck. Most didn’t. 

The energy slammed into them, cutting most of the humans in half. Again, the human body is a funny thing. Often the legs remained standing even after the torsos and slid off the body. From somewhere in the bloody mess, a couple of people had the presence of mind to actually fire back. The bullets got to me and just…stopped and fell to the ground. Us Horsemen, Lucifer, Michael, and Him, were all higher beings. Mortal weaponry just couldn’t harm us. 

I ran toward them. The less contact they had with the other humans the better. Digital communication was impossible outside of heaven. Physical notes had to be given, so that was no issue. The odds of this information leaking to the other soldiers…possible. It had only been 15 minutes or so, but the soldiers were out, well, fighting. I’d have to gauge their reactions and see which squads I’d have to kill. Other than that though, everyone who knew I was war was conveniently right here. 

I stepped around the corpses and impaled one man on the ground. Another soldier sidestepped my blade – quick bastard – and jammed his revolved on top my heart and squeezed the trigger – as if he thought slipping past my guard meant the bullets would somehow kill me. He was very surprised as I cut him open and danced away. 

Strike, slash, dodge, stab. I fell into a flurry. I dodged and blocked out of habit, really, they couldn’t harm me. It was a slaughter. I cut through the crowd with no wasted motions. Each cut took a life, each step was placed with a purpose. I didn’t hate these people for choosing to get rid of me. They acted in their best interest, that was fine, I was just acting in mine. 

It was mostly soldiers I had to dispatch personally, most the people in the complex had been civilians and didn’t have the reflexes to duck under the original crescent. But some still did make it. 

An old man was cradling the head of a young woman, surrounded by blood. He didn’t even look up as I brought down my sword. Another young man just stood there, frozen, blood splattered all over him, staring at nothing. I pulled him onto my sword. 

When everything around me was a mess of blood, I reached out with my power, searching for any life…there. Under a particularly dense pile of corpses. I kicked off the corpses, and a shrill voice screamed as I got to the bottom. A woman, I could tell by the hair, took me by surprise and pushed me back as she ran back into the building. She tripped before she could reach it. I walked in calm measured steps toward her. She turned around on her back. 

“Look, Miss, please,” she begged. “This was just an internship! It would look good on my resume! I won’t tell anyone, pr–”

I stabbed her in the heart.||
***

I opened my eyes, and I was on the battlefield in heaven just as I’d left it, with my hand over my face in a futile gesture to block pestilence. I’d expected some sort of mush – pus or vomit or something of the like – but there was nothing on me or around me. 

Except for the bodies of course. 

It seemed like a lifetime ago, but I recalled the circle of humans, angels, and demons. They lay around me now. Dead. Some had flesh literally melted off them so that the bones were visible. Others had bloated like balloons, ready to burst from whatever was inside them. But again, none of Pestilence’s miasma remained. No body, no flesh, nothing. Only its effects. The entity was gone, but its shadow remained. 

I shrugged, and focused inward, moving back to my body – the body of the President of Humanity – in the bathroom. I hoped they weren’t panicking without me. Unlike possessing someone during a War, jumping bodies took time. I stood there in the circle of corpses for thirty seconds before the world swirled and I was back in the bathroom, sitting on the closed seat. 

Someone was banging on the door. 

“Madam President!” the voice came. Human, female, worried. 

“One moment,” I called out. I couldn’t go back to the humans just yet, I needed a moment to think. 

“Are you alright, ma’am?” the voice came again. I couldn’t have been gone for more than 30 minutes, couldn’t they just leave me alone for a bit?

“Yes,” I said. Something must have gotten through, because there was a silence before she answered, “yes ma’am,” her voice clipped, and then the sound of footsteps. 

I leaned back against the tiled wall and took a deep breath. I’d killed Pestilence. I didn’t regret it – I’d always hated the bastard – but the order of the world was altered. In the mortal world, there might be a brief, perhaps miraculous decrease in disease, but pestilence wasn’t just a thing. It was a force that gained consciousness, not the other way around. Without a directed consciousness it would lose efficiency…or perhaps not. He wielded Pestilence’s power now… 

Then there was the matter of Death and the cycles. I shook my head. I believed her – it was too elaborate a lie – but I couldn’t trust her. Us horsemen had always been enemies, I’d just upset the balance such that now we could act on it, and it was time to go about doing that. After all, there was war to waged. 

I sighed, stood straight, and walked out the bathroom. 

***

“M-Madam President, we have a situation,” said a short, blond woman – the same one who’d been harassing me at the door. 

“What?” 

She gulped. “P-perhaps it’s best of you just come see it, ma’am.”

I sighed. “Lead the way.” We hurried through the underground complex, our shoes echoing against the deserted halls. I frowned. “Where is everyone…?”

“That’s the issue, ma’am, they’re all on the surface outside.”

“Why?”

She just shook her head. 

I’d had just about enough of this woman, but yelling at her would only serve to alienate her, but still, I picked up my pace, the woman hurrying behind me. 

***
I walked out of the complex and all eyes swiveled to me. Almost everyone was out here on the grounds. We had a perimeter, but this whole thing was a strategic nightmare – almost our entire admin force in the open like this. One well place fireball assault or bomb would cut the proverbial head off the human snake. 

“What’s going on?” I demanded. 

Increased pulse, facial muscles tensed. The tension in the field was literally palpable. What the hell?

“Ah, there she is,” came a voice. Her voice. 

I swiveled my head and there she was. Death. Inside, I cursed myself. Again, I was too reliant on my senses. The first thing I should’ve done was take in my surrounding fully using my eyes – Death was immune to my supernatural senses. 

She stood on top of one of the watch towers, scythe in hand, her pale, white hair flaring dramatically in the wind along with her dark cloak. She looked like some fallen goddess. 

“Death,” I said. 

“War,” she said back. Somehow, despite the distance, her voice was perfectly clear. There were no gasps when she said this. She’d told them already. To deny or not to deny, that was the question. I hadn’t seen this angle coming, I’d never thought any of them – Lucifer, Michael, or any of the Horsemen – would resort to a petty trick like this, but *she* had. The human were intelligent, they’d make the connection sooner or later. A required medical examination and the charade would be up.

They all stared at me. I stared back. My gaze a challenge. Nothing except hushed whispers. This move was a gamble, but it was the best chance I had. 

“Was there something else, Death?” I asked, my voice cold. So much for being on my side – she hadn’t lasted ten minutes.

“Yes, actually.” She jumped off the tower with a flip in midair and landed on the ground 30 feet below. Show off. People backed away from her. I shook my head and moved forward, but the crowd parted before me, clearing my way to Death. We stood again, in a circle of humans. I could only hope this didn’t end up like the last. “I wanted to formalize an alliance,” Death said. 

Someone in the crowd laughed. 

I could only stare at her. “After your scene here?” I asked. “An alliance?”

“And what have I done here, War? Some great deception? A betrayal? If anything, it is you who have been misleading these poor humans. I offer honesty.”

I wanted to gnash my teeth, but that would only reinforce her point. 

“Is saving them from the Apocalypse betraying them?”

“Is it true?” A lone voice said from the crowd. No one else answered, but all eyes went to me. Death smiled.

I raised my head high and answered. “Yes. I am War.”

The crowd burst into shouts. Some accusatory, other just hysterics. Understandable – they’d just found out their leader wasn’t human. 

“Would you care to hear the whole story?” I asked. 

The crowd quieted at my voice for a moment, but a chorus rang out. “Why should we believe you?” Others said, “How do we even know you’re on our side?” 

I laughed. It was such a strange reaction that even Death frowned at me. The humans just stared, dumbfounded. “Proof?” I asked. “You want proof? Look at where you stand! You stand at the gates of heaven. You have killed angels, conquered hell, avoided *extinction,* all thanks to me. Your race is alive thanks to me, what other proof can I give?”

Before anyone else could gain traction, I continued, relentless. “What exactly do you want me to do? Step down? Join the other side?”

Silence. 

“She,” I pointed at Death – who was smiling of course – “has come to rip us apart now that we have the upper hand. Will you let her win, now that we are ready to knock heaven down? Humanity can buck off heaven and hell and be masters of their own destiny.”

“We can do it without you!” a voice said. Small hums of agreement. Small. 

“Really?” I sneered. “Ask your human generals how that would fare. Ask your officers who felled Pestilence out there on the field – who’d been killing our people by just looking at them.”

“I don’t even have to look at them,” Death whispered from behind me, too low for anyone else to hear. I ignored her. I couldn’t afford distractions. Without the humans on my side, they might stop fighting, and all this would be for naught. I hated speeches, but I needed to nail this one.  

“So,” I said. “What will it be?”Note to all people here from the War series: If you enjoyed the War one, you will almost certainly like this one. A powerful woman with a complicated past, but this story is more focused on the MC herself. I've included link to the first part - it's a new series so should be fairly easy to catch up as of now. Hope you enjoy!


||
***
There’s something about being alone. 

Jared hadn’t exactly been a great conversationalist with me, but he’d been *there* at least. Now I trudged through the snow alone, my thoughts interrupted by the wail of sirens close and afar, each shattering again the crystalline silence that settled on the city between them. 

What the hell was I doing?

I was walking to the League building, that would have been dumb enough on its own, but that woman had said the *Council* was there. The founders of the League and possibly the five most powerful autonomous beings in the world. The five together with an assortment of weaker Mutts had single handedly stopped the entire nuclear arsenal stopped the world from ending on that fateful night of 28 October 1962. 

Much before my time, but I’d heard it, seen the videos. The United States and the USSR couldn’t resolve the Cuban Missile Crisis. Fingers slipped or perhaps they were made to slip. Both contested hotly who had fired first, but the fact remained: They fired. For all intents and purposes, the world was going to end.

But it didn’t. 

Half the missiles just…stopped. Hung in the air. The other half did explode, but the explosions were contained in a sphere. Men and women came stared out their windows at the fireworks in the skies – nuclear blasts being contained. 

They’d saved the world. Mutts, the term for people like me, had been known for unspeakable cruelty and taking over countries – hence the name. The strong wanted to rule, that was human nature, and Mutts were strong. But while half the world celebrated the apocalypse postponed, the other half read between the lines. The other message they’d projected. 

Don’t fuck with us. 

The very next day the League was formed. Mutts under one organization, interfering as they pleased in world affairs. Bullying, cheating, and killing – all in the name of peace of course. Every country had their offices. They couldn’t be touched. The land they owned was not technically part of the country anymore. 

Oh, they weren’t evil. No one is. They had the hearts of the people, those Mutts. The people remembered watching their deaths go off above them and surviving. The League didn’t need bribes and coercions, though I suspect they employed those when needed, a public move against the League was political suicide.

And I planned to walk into their office. 

*You can take them, you can take all of them. The League, the government, the world.*

I flinched. When I’d been younger and more of an idiot I would’ve thought that thought was me, but it wasn’t. Not really. It was the Blood talking, pushing and pulling at my emotions. To use it was to become more vulnerable to it, but as I turned the block and took in the scene at the League office, I realized I wasn’t going to get much of a choice. 

A dozen or so ambulances surrounded the League building – a 10 story plain building. No words adorned it, no markings, no signs or gates. For all appearances, it was just one of hundreds of apartment buildings in NYC. 

Except that now the top floor appeared to have blown up, and smoke was coming out of parts of the seventh and eight floors. There were flashes of blue and red, obscured by the ambulances and the people who stood gawking at whatever was going on. Nearby buildings had lights, with people silhouettes crowding the windows. It was going to be a scene. 

I dug my fingers into my hand and was greeted with a rush of warm blood. Immediately, I stood up straighter, my body felt lighter, and everything became sharper. It was like a drug. I smeared the blood over my face and the mask formed, covering everything below the bridge of my nose. I doubted anyone made out my face before I did it; most mutts had no use for masks like those idiots in comics and movies, but it was fitting. One of the most infamous Mutts of all time wouldn’t be running a coffee shop if everyone knew I was. And it was fitting almost. I was a different person when on Blood. 

I pushed past a paramedic in a heavy winter coat. “Hey,” she whirled around. “You aren’t allowed. This isn’t sa–” She gasped as another flash of light lit up my face, the blood covering it. She opened her mouth then closed it, then opened it again, but no sound came out. 

“Ash, what’s wrong?” the man next to her turned to her and looked at me. The blood drained from his face. 

I pushed past them, keeping my head low. They would all see me soon enough. Deeper in the crowd no one really tried to stop me. I walked confidently and with a purpose, they probably reasoned I was this far through for a reason.  I pushed past the front row and beheld the devastation. 

Three people fought in front of the building. The rest were corpses. One was tall and bore no weapons, but as I watched he pointed at a man in a black jacket – Jon – a beam of red came out of his fingers and hit the place Jon had been in a moment ago.  He dodged, and a stop sign detached itself from the ground and launched toward the guy at startling speed. He just froze up -watching the thing come at him, eyes wide like a deer caught in headlights. 

Just as it was about to impale him a circle of purple appeared in front of it. It went through and came out from another portal behind him, pointing down. The sign embedded itself in the snow.  I looked up. Peter stood on one of the balconies, his long brown hair hidden in his think winter jacket. 

“That’s another point against you,” Peter said in that infuriatingly slick voice to the laser guy. “I’m not going to let you die but come on man.” He shook his head. 

Still unnoticed, I went to a body lying facedown on the ground in a familiar shape. As I moved closer some of the emergency personnel finally called out to me, but I didn’t listen. I turned over the body to find dark eyes staring sightlessly up to the falling snow. Michael. There were no visible marks on his body, but there was no pulse. Only one person killed like that. 

We weren’t exactly friends. We’d only spoken a handful of words to each other, but Michael wasn’t exactly the talkative type. Still, he’d been an…acquaintance. And he’d come here on my account. I closed his eyes and moved to the next body. 

Another too young man, his face purple. Rory’s work. I looked around, ignoring the screams of the paramedics and the sounds of metal scraping and snow sizzling. Jon wouldn’t lose to that idiot, and Peter was just messing with Jon. If the rest of the Council really was here, Jon was fucked, plain and simple. I found what I was looking for. Brown coat, red hair spilling out into the snow stained red with blood. 

I ran over to her and knelt down, feeling for a pulse. Faint, but there. “Medic!” I called out on top of my lungs, making the film of blood thin enough to speak through. 

And just like that every eye swiveled to me. The fighting stopped, and every paramedic looked at me, all the gazes a physical weight on my shoulders. 

I squared my shoulders and spoke again. “She’s dying!” I said. Rory was a kid really. 25. She’d entered the scene when I was on my way out, but I’d liked her from the start. She could always make me smile. 

And now she was bleeding out in the snow, and no one came to help her. 

“She’s on League grounds,” Peter said, and I could hear the smile in his voice. My back was to him and he was a floor up – he didn’t recognize me. “She attacked us, unprovoked, and we are within our rights to retaliate. The United States government has no claim on her.”

I ignored him and looked to the crowd of medics. “Seriously?” I said, spreading my arms. “You’re going to let a girl die because of this asshole?” They exchanged a few glances and I saw a young man step forward, but two older emergency workers caught his arms. 

“I understand that you may be close to her, bu– oh for fuck’s sake!”

There was a scream. I whirled around to see laser man with a stop sign sticking out of his chest. He stared down at the pole, gripping it with his hands as if trying to take it out, but he swayed and fell face first in the snow, driving the pole further through him. 

“Catch!” Jon yelled and suddenly Rory flew on her own into the ring of medics. They gasped but a couple of them caught her before she could hit the ground.

Peter’s voice was low, lethal, but it still managed to carry. “She’s property of the league. A criminal.”

The medic who’d tried to come earlier spoke up. “She on United States grounds,” he said. “The League has no claim on her.” Around half the medics clapped or cheered, and even I smiled. This was humanity. Even at their darkest a few managed to shine through. I looked at Jon and gave him a nod, good thinking on his part. He paused and nodded back.

I turned back to Peter on the balcony, his fists clenched. For one insane second, I thought he’d attack, but instead he just tossed his head. “Fine. But then these are mine.”

Jon let out a small scream as a portal opened up below his feet. Then his voice moved as Jon reappeared around fifty feet above the ground – that was the max distance Peter could separate his portals by. 

I watched, helpless, as Jon fell. Fifty feet was enough to kill, snow or not, but Jon slowed as he fell, landing lightly, but chest first, in the snow. He’d explained to me how it worked once. He pushed down on the Earth and the Earth pushed back, slowing his fall, like how pushing against a wall would push me back. 

Peter made a disgusted noise, he’d never been the brightest of people. 

Still, he was in the Council for a reason. He took out a gun from his pocket. That was the real way he fought. All he had to do was fire into a portal and make the bullet appear an inch from my forehead. I’d be dead. 

My mask was too old to use at this point, so I dug my nails in my hands and threw fresh blood sharpened like knives at him. He couldn’t see my face, but he recognized the motion of me throwing something. A portal appeared in front of him as I dove to the side. Sure enough, the spikes of blood fell on me from above. I called them back and they dissolved before they hit the ground and flew over to me palm, where they swirled in a sphere above it. 

At that moment one of the ambulances turned on its sirens – presumably to take Rory to a hospital – and lit up the whole scene. Peter’s frown, the blood and snow on Jon’s clothes as he got up and me, with the blood mask and the sphere of blood floating in my hand.  

In the red and blue flashes, I saw his eyes widen and almost bulge out of his sockets. 

“N-no,” he stammered, gun falling to the ground. “Not you.” With that he ran inside the building.

I blinked. 

“I guess you leave an impression,” Jon said, brushing the snow off his clothes.***
Part 6: Mira

The Homeworld
***
“You’re sure, right?” Phillip asked for the tenth time through the Mental Link. 

“Yes, Phil, I’m positive,” I said with a sigh, “General Obrek is here today. You know he avoids Council meetings like the plague. Your expedition in position?”

“Yeah,” Phil said, “We are within range of their Europa base.”

“So,” I said, “send the message.”

Silence. 

“Phil?” I said.

“Are – I mean.” He took a deep breath. “Are we sure about this?” he asked. 

I closed my eyes and made sure none of my frustration didn’t leak through the Mental Link. Doubts, now? “Sure about, *what,* Phil?”

“This! This whole plan!” he practically yelled, “We are about to orchestrate the deaths of these mages. I talked to these people, Mira, journeyed with them for years! And now I’m leading them into this…this trap made by aliens.” 

“Phil. Do you know how many organisms have died through Mana harvesting? The Mana that powers all Mages, do you know?”

When he didn’t answer I continued, “I don’t either, Phil, because there have been *so* *so* many. They call them lesser species, you know? To people like Obrek, they’re just obstacles standing between themselves and mana, power; their lives don’t matter. What is a couple of lives compared to the hundreds of billions that have been lost to get us here, Phil?” My voice turned dangerous, “…Or are you also saying Mage lives are worth more than theirs?”

For a moment Phil didn’t respond, then, “Message sent,” he said. I let out a breath I didn’t realize I’d been holding. 

“Good, Phil,” I said, “Make sure to have your shields up in advance. Those nuclear weapons, I think they’re called, are no joke.”

“Don’t worry Mira, I’m the only one who’s extending my senses right now, no one else will…you know,” he said.

I severed my Mental Link just in case, and set the fake Memory firmly in my head. Of Phil being overloaded by the attack, and lowered my mental defenses. There was just no other way. I had to sell this. And for it to seem like I’d gone in shock, my Mental defenses had to look shattered. I just hoped Obrek wouldn’t look past that one memory. 

Nothing to be done about it, I took a deep breath, curled into a fetal position, and screamed.

The door to the Sphere opened, and General Obrek came through. He started to shake me and screamed, “What the hell just happened, Mira?" 

He said my name again, then paused. Slowly I felt him reach into my mind. My instincts screamed at me to put defenses back up, fight him, gran him, do *something.* Every Mage was taught to keep their mind secured at all times. Even Mental Link conversations were done cautiously. But I did nothing and let him in. Immediately he met the fake Memory…and retreated; he didn’t look any further. 

Thank Kos.   

"Sir!" Another Mage burst into the Channeling Sphere. "We heard a scream, sir," the he said, breathing hard.

"Mira needs a soother, please get her there as fast as possible," Obrek said.

"Sir, you don't look so good eith-" the soldier began. 

"NOW!" Obrek yelled, and the soldier hurried to comply. He picked me up in his arms, while I remained stiff, and I felt the familiar tugging motion that came with teleporting. 

I had been gathering energy for a few seconds, and as soon as I felt the teleportation stop, I opened my eyes and swung my fist, infused with energy, into the soldier’s cheek. He didn’t even have a chance to scream – the sucker punch knocked him out cold. 

I looked around. I was in a low ceiling room with cots on the floor – all empty. “Nice one, Mira.” 

I whirled around, to find the Soother standing behind me. She was wearing her usual garb, a flowing white robe with sleeves that seemed too large for her. Her blond hair fell down to her back, and her blue eyes twinkled as she smiled at me. 

“Stop scaring me like that, Lisa,” I snarled, my adrenaline pumping. 

Lisa just chuckled, “Everything go well, I presume?” 

“Yes,” I said, as I made energy into a fine blade jutting out of my hand and rammed into the soldier’s brain. He twitched for a second, then went still. “Obrek saw the memory and didn’t suspect a thing. Phil is, presumably, in Europa by now, no way to contact him without a channeling Sphere at this range.”

Lisa nodded. “Excellent.” She said. “General Obrek will certainly go to investigate, and some council members with him. The main bulk of the military is engaged in the Andromeda conquests now, waging another genocide, so it’ll have to be a small team.” 

“The preparations in the Capital are ready?” I asked. 

Lisa frowned. “I believe I’m the one asking questions here, Mira, but rest assured everything is in control. Barring the Council Head Keira, the Council is just pushovers. We just need Obrek off the Homeworld and we can proceed with the Coup, and stop our race from being the leeches of this Universe.”
***
Author's Note: This part is a one-of, we will be back to Keira and Obrek after this. I felt this was necessary to avoid heavy exposition and monologuing by the "villain" (hence the delay on this part).  Regardless, I do hope you enjoyed this.Quick Recap:

The Apocalypse is triggered – War doesn’t show up, so the plan fails. Humans, lead by War in disguise, with modern technology take over hell and move to heaven.  

War, our protagonist, kills Pestilence. Pestilence was in league with this elusive being we know only as “Him.” War and Death take down His attempt to use Pestilence’s power against them. 

Death explains to War how they are part of a cycle. Lucifer and Michael let humans grow, feeding their emotions, and when they advance far enough, they end it using the Horsemen’s Apocalypse and start fresh. Death intends to stop this. War does not trust Death.

Death tells the Human HQ about War’s true identity. 

War simply kills everyone who knows.

War and Death fight, Death wins. Death wants something from War, a promise, and horsemen cannot break their oaths. 

Usually, that is…
***
“And remember, War, the word of a Horseman is binding.”      

I stared at her evenly. She was just bragging now. 

Death rolled her eyes. “Alright, I’m tired of holding this sword up, so. You swear not to harm me, War?”

“Do you think I’m an idiot, Death?” I sneered. 

Death offered me an innocent smile. “No harm in checking, War.” She sighed. “You swear not to harm me or otherwise restrain me for the next ten minutes, after which we shall return to our current position?”

I thought about it. No clear loopholes that I could see, and it was fair enough. “Done,” I said.

“Wonderful,” Death said and took the sword off my throat. I wanted to exhale in relief, but I didn’t want to give her the satisfaction. As she withdrew, her sword transformed back into her trademark scythe. The Scythe beat the sword in two things – cutting wheat and looking flashy, and Death took the best of both worlds it seemed. 

“I will not pledge eternal servitude to you, Death,” I said abruptly. “Let’s just get that out of the way. If you have any sort of long-term ambition to control me or influence me or weaken me, just kill me now, and let’s get this over with.”

“Ah yes, War, that’s why I went through all this trouble, to propose you a deal I know your idiotic pride would never accept,” Death said with a roll of her eyes. “What I propose is good for both of us, War, if only you’d actually *listened to me.*” 

She sounded genuinely frustrated, but I didn’t buy it for a second. I stood with arms crossed and gestured for her to go on. 

“You will propose a parley with Lucifer and Michael.”

I let my arms fall. That was the last thing I had expected. “You want me to *stop* the war?” The whole thing earlier had been a ruse then? Michael and Lucifer triggering the Apocalypse to reset everything? 

Death smiled. A smile that promised death, destruction, and betrayal. “Stop is the wrong word really. End is more apt.”

*** 

The fields of heaven were littered with corpses and stained with blood. 

Angels, Demons, and Humans alike had retreated for the first time since the fighting began. Angels and demons lay in piles, blown apart by bombs or filled with bullets. Humans were far rarer, one dead human to dozens of angels and demons, but they fell alone, impaled by spears or burnt to crisps. 

I didn’t know who died worse. 

Regardless, I had much more pressing matters to attend to. In front of me stood the archangel of Heaven and the former ruler of hell. Lucifer stood in an expensive suit, wearing an almost bored expression. He had no visible weapons. In sharp contrast, Michael practically radiated power – and hence insecurity. His massive wings were folded behind him, his arms were crossed and biceps bulging, and his face wore a scowl. Next to him, Lucifer should’ve looked wispy and weak, but if anything, he looked even more formidable. He didn’t need the showbiz that Michael did. He was confident in his powers. 

“Lucifer,” I said when there were about 20 feet between us and gave him a slight dip of the head, an acknowledgment. “Michael,” I said frostily, barely moving my lips, let alone my head. As expected, Michael scowled. 

“War,” Lucifer said and nodded back, a ghost of a smile playing across his lips.

“War,” Michael practically growled. “Have you come here to surrender?”

I gave him a deadpan look. “Let’s set up the rules first. As I said in my message, I, as a horseman, I come here under the banner of peace and parley as long as you do.”

“Right,” Michael sneered. “And your underlings hiding by some magic are not.”

Next to him, Lucifer rolled his eyes before speaking. “War, we have come to discuss terms. Whether the talks are productive or not, I promise that so long as you do not harm us, we will not harm you.”

“Don’t speak for me,” Michael growled. 

“Are you agreed?” Lucifer said to Michael without missing a beat. I hid a smile. Death was wrong, they weren’t going to buy it.

***

“What do you mean, end, Death?” I said, leaning forward despite myself. 

“Well, we’ll kill them,” Death said with a shrug, as if she were talking about the weather, not killing elder beings. “You lure them into a parley and kill them.”

“They’ll want my word,” I said. It was standard procedure. In any meeting, even back when Lucifer and I were not enemies, we gave one another our words of peace before letting our guards even slightly down.

“And you’ll give it to them,” Death said. “And those two will be exposed, without their army for once.”

“You think you can take them alone?” I asked. 

“You’ll fight with me, War,” Death shot back. 

I massaged my temples. “Death, is this some sort of joke? They’ll as for my word. I *cannot break my word.*” 

Death smiled. “You won’t have to.”

***

“You’re forgetting the usual clause, Lucy,” Michael said, and Lucifer stiffened. It was one of the few buttons Lucifer had for Michael to push. “If your people interfere, we will be free to act, and you will not.”

Damn. I was hoping she’d be wrong. “The same for you,” I said. “If someone else interferes, the non-offending party is free to act.”

Lucifer narrowed his eyes at that. Specific wording like this wasn’t unusual, but…

“Done,” Michael said. 

“I’m agreed,” I said evenly, watching Lucifer from the corner of my eyes. 

Lucifer hesitated then sighed. “Agreed,” he said. Damn.

There was a pause, a beat, as all of us tensed, expecting something to happen. Some loophole we hadn’t considered, some ambush despite the promise. It was idiotic to strike now anyways, now was when the enemy would be most prepared, but Michael and Lucifer probably didn’t know that. Michael especially seemed like the idiot who would have launched an attack right then.  

Nothing happened. 

The three of us walked closer toward one another. 

Michael opened his mouth to say something, but Lucifer spared him a withering glance. Michael scowled but shut his mouth. What the hell? Michael must be scared, or they must have some sort of plan if he was willing to listen to Lucifer now. 

“This war is pointless,” Lucifer said, his voice even. “You won’t take heaven in time, War. Either those humans of your will find the truth out about you, or you will lose support for fighting a lengthy war.”

I blinked at him. I hadn’t expected him to be so in tune with human psychology. 

Lucifer smiled. “I’ve worked with their kind for millennia, I know what they’re like. Justifying a war on demons is easy, but heaven? Their race is sentimental. They’ll probably, what’s the word…”

“Vote?”

Lucifer snapped his fingers. “That’s right. Vote you out of office.”

“And you will never beat us, War” Michael finally butted in. “You may kill us quickly, but we have numbers.”

“Which we can cull,” I shot back. “I’m winning and the two of you know it.”

Again, Lucifer held up a hand and Michael stopped with his mouth half open. “Even if you do manage to back us into a corner before your times runs out.” Lucifer took a shuddering breath. “We will go to *any* lengths to keep you from winning. *Any means.*”

I narrowed my eyes. “You wouldn’t.”

“Anything is better than wiped out, War,” Lucifer said with a shrug, though he couldn’t meet my eyes. Even Michael for once was looking at the ground. They would go to Him. They’d feed him even more power. Death was right…they needed to be stopped. 

“He already has Pestilence,” I said. “Each bit of power extends his reach. If he can pull strings this well from behind a prison, what would he become when he Breaks free?”

“I’d imagine He’d be like you, War,” Michael shot back. 

Lucifer rolled his eyes. “This is going nowhere. We finished?”

In a flash of black, Death stood among us. I expected it, but still I flinched back. Michael had drawn his sword, and Lucifer was ready, fire coating his arms. I sighed and extended my arm *Yudh* materializing in it. Death really *was* good.

“No,” Death said. She was dressed in all black, her scythe in sword mode – Death dressed to kill. “No, we’re not.”

“Betrayal!” Michael screeched. 
***

“It’s simple, see,” Death said, rubbing her hands together as if she were a child. “They’ll put in the standard clause – if their agents interfere, you can attack and vice versa, right?”

“That’s what they almost always put in,” I said, frowning. 

“But what if another party attacks. One that both hate?” Death said with a smirk. 

My eyes went wide. “Both are free to attack.”

“And my condition, dear War, is that when you are free to act, you take my side.”I really empathize with idiots now. 

In any elevator they have this huge paper that says “DO NOT TRY TO ESCAPE THE ELEVATOR” in huge, bold letters. “There is more than enough air to last you a long time. Help is on the way.” It really makes you think: what kind of idiot would be stupid enough to actually try and climb out of the top like they show in the movies? Surely no one.

Yeah, well, easier said than done. 

Who knows how long I’d been in here. There was no reply when I’d pressed the help button, and my watch was going haywire. The hour hand was moving as if it were the second hand and the minute and second hands were moving at insane speeds. Just my luck. Not only does my elevator break, but so does my watch. I shook my head. 

And so, there I was, inside a steel box in the most powerful country in the world, in the world’s cultural and financial capital, in New York City’s most iconic building – The Empire State – and the elevator wasn’t working. I guess management was too busy spending money on new paint. 

Just as I was about to break and climb out the top there was a lurch, and a screeching of metal, and I swear to god I thought I was a dead man. But I did not plummet – the elevator started to move down, slowly at first, the picking up speed. God, I hope Beth wasn’t worried about me. I’d promised I’d be back home early tonight, and she’d kill me if I was late because I was stuck *in an elevator* for god’s sake. The elevator dinged open, cheerily announcing that I’d reached the lobby. 

I walked out. I stopped. 

The scene in front of me was…not of this world. Men and women walked through the lobby wearing slim fitted clothing. For some ridiculous reason the first thing I thought was “damn, I was under the impression baggy clothes were in.” 

Everyone was holding these thin rectangles in their hands. As a woman passed I saw that it was some sort of personal computer! She swiped up on the screen with her thumb and she was looking at her email. A tap and another swipe and she was looking at spreadsheet. She pinched the screen, and she *zoomed in.* What the hell? Some sort of new tech?

But no, *everyone* had one, it seemed. People seemed to be paying more attention to their small computers than the people around them. In classic NYC fashion a man came up to me and said “Excuse me,” as if he were cussing me out. I blinked up to him and out of reflex moved out the way as the man moved past me and into the elevator. 

“Wait–” I began, hoping to warn the man about the faulty elevator, but the elevator wasn’t the same on I’d come in on. It was now a modern silver with a digital display showing what floor it was on. 

I felt like a broken record, but I kept thinking one thing: What the hell was going on?

The lobby was completely different from what I remembered. Everything seemed cleaner, sleeker. They’d gone for functionality over grandeur. Gaping and taking in the sights I walked out of the lobby – no one stopped me. 

I stepped outside and a cacophony of sound slammed into me. A mix of shouts, laughs, car horns, and squealing tires. That at least was comforting. Everything seemed to have changed, but New York was still New York. All the cars echoed the lobby. Sleek, functional, modern. Same slim fitted clothes. New Yorkers paid me no mind as they pushed past me, ignoring me, or grumbling about “gaping tourists.”

That more than anything snapped me out of it. I was not a tourist. This was my city. I would find out what was going on. The new tech, strange clothes, changed surroundings…there was an explanation. A very clear one. I’d seen the Hollywood movies, read the novels, but asking someone would make it real. Visceral. Hell with it, I’d always pick horrible knowledge over blissful ignorance. 

“Excuse me,” I asked to a passing woman. She ignored me. 

Yep, New York was still New York. 

It took me around ten Excuse mes before anyone bothered to look in my direction, and another 20 minutes until someone didn’t scoff or scowl at me when I asked “What year is it?”

I finally resorted to asking a street-side homeless woman holding up a piece of cardboard asking for money. “Hey, miss?” I said and slipped her a dollar. She looked up and I flinched. Her face was crisscrossed with scars and her eyes stared blankly up at me. I looked at the sign. “Money needed for eye operation.” Jesus Christ. 

“Yes?” she asked. Her voice held a quite determination, as if daring me to have pity on her.

“I, uh.” I cleared my throat. “I was just wondering what year it was?”

She frowned, her eyes staring past me, and responded. “2018.”

I pursed my lips and nodded. I’d known. It had been the only real explanation, ridiculous as it was. All the changes, my watch moving rapidly. I’d somehow gone into the future. And suddenly, I felt my knees go weak. It was a struggle not to collapse. 

Beth. I had to find my Beth.They called it The Deal. Humanity as a collective was given a choice by a higher order being known simply as The Worm – embrace The Worm and each human at the age of 18 would be given almost any gift they chose. There was a price of course – there always is. The sum of all human knowledge – religion, science, philosophy, language, would all be given up. Humans would know nothing but the Deal. There is speculation as to what the Worm gains from this. The most common theory is that it is a control experiment of sorts. To re-observe the development of a species but with one different variable. Others say it is some form of cosmic punishment. Still others call it a test of faith. Or perhaps the Worm has a particular sense of humor, no one knows really. The fact remains, after a vote humans collectively accepted and at age 18, every human benefits from the Deal. 
-*Humanity, The Worm, and the Deal*, Year 1202 PD (Post Deal)
***

“No!” I screamed as Jared snatched the book out of my hands. Jared, tall with blond hair and sharp blue eyes gave me an infuriating smile and leafed through the pages. We stood in one of the Pre-Deal cities, crumbling superstructures all around us – wonders of a bygone era. There were hundreds of cities like this one, and we made our homes in them, moving when the ceiling shook a bit too much, or the ground creaked a little too ominously. We were living off the rapidly fading scraps of a world. But I’d build it again. I’d cracked their language – English – it was called. This City according to the old texts was one of the greatest ones even before the Deal. New York City, it was called. 

“What do you see in those scrawlings, Maya?” Jared asked, snapping me out of my reverie.  

*No big deal, they just contain the secrets of the universe.* “I just like the way the look, alright,” I said. “The designs are pretty.” I lunged for the book and suddenly Jared leapt 10 feet in the air to sit on a steel beam sticking out of one of the buildings. 

“Nuh-uh,” he said, wagging his finger at me. “Maya, Maya, Maya, you ought to respect your elders.” 

I ground my teeth. I was turning 18 tomorrow, but the difference between a day less than 18 and 18 was bigger than the difference between 18 and 65. At 18 The Worm appeared to you and granted you the gift of your choice. Idiots like Jared picked flying. Smarter ones picked the ability to control the air. Others controlled blood, or metals. A Metal binder was apparently rebuilding one of the Pre-Deal cities with his powers. Those were the titans of our age. So far. 

I would be the titan among the titans. 

There was sharp pain on my head and I fell down on the hard ground – asphalt, I knew from my studies – and felt for my head to find my book there. I looked up to see Jared shaking his head at me. “Really, Maya, it seems like there is no way to get to you short of hitting you or taking away those pretty designs of yours.” With that he just flew off above the ruined buildings, doubtless looking for some other entertainment. 

I dusted off the book and read the title again, just to make sure I still could – that Jared hadn’t somehow sullied it, and indeed it was still clear. 

*The Fundamentals of Physics, 4th Edition.*

***

I settled down in the place between two collapsed buildings that I made my home. The building had collapsed long before I’d been born and my particular section was decently big, I just had to watch my head when I was in it. It was a small price to pay though, for the benefits it had. No one ever came in here – the building had collapsed already for Worm’s sake, surely it would cave in soon enough. But my particular room was under two support beams. I doubted it would collapse in my lifetime.  

And all the better that no one did, because here were my treasures. Stacks and stacks of books, and still more papers, worked on by me and my mother and her mother before that – efforts to decode the old texts. Work of a thousand years that I’d moved here once mom had died. 

Tonight was the night. I’d turn 18 and finally, *finally*, my family’s plans would come to action. For generations we’d picked the worst superpowers. The Worm demanded specificity. One cannot say “I wish to understand all languages.” You had to say “I wish to be able to speak the Eastern Dialect.” My ancestors had pointed to a letter and said – I want to understand this. Once the letters were done, it was only a matter of going letter by letter to wish for the ability to understand this “English.” Then the ability to pass on complete knowledge to daughters. I held in my head the knowledge of all my ancestors. 

And I was the culmination. 

And those were the thoughts in my head as I fell into sleep. 

***

I opened my eyes to find The Worm. 

The Worm…it was indescribable. Words, English or otherwise, are not enough to capture it. Human sense cannot comprehend it, beyond that it is incomprehensible.

It conveyed. It did not speak of course. I just knew it wanted me to ask. 

It all came to this. The Worm demanded a specific power, and I’d studied for 18 years to make sure I picked the best one. 

“I desire control over the Strong Force.”

It conveyed assent, and, maybe I imagined it, but a hint of respect. 

***

I woke up, not feeling any different. 

For a moment, I feared it was all a dream. That the Worm was a hallucination, and that my life’s work had been for nothing. I should’ve felt…something? I could now control the very building block of matter, but I still felt like…me. Maya. The outcast who was obsessed with pretty designs. 

How exactly was this supposed to work anywho? I pointed to a stack of books and willed the atoms to – 

The book was ripped into shreds. 

I gasped in spite myself. I was on my knees immediately, sifting through it. It had become a fine powder, each particle seemingly identical. What books had that one even been? Something important? 

But it had worked *It had worked.* Everything my family had done, all we’d suffered, all *I’d* suffered, it was worth it. Reality would bend to my will. 

I shook my head. Testing was well and good, but I had to test it on something I didn’t care about. Books were too valuable to waste. I walked outside my room. 

***

Like clockwork, he was there. Jared. Wearing that same asinine smile. “There you are,” he said. 

I nodded.

“So,” he said. “Do I get to see it? What idiotic power you picked? Is it to get a new hobby maybe?”

“Yeah,” I said. “I do have a new hobby.” I willed toward him what I’d willed onto the book, for it to just vanish…nothing happened. Jared stood there, full and whole, not a fine, bloody powder. What?

“What’s the matter, squirrel?” He snickered. “Make a mistake picking your powers or something? Thought of a better one just now?”

No, no, no. It had worked before. What was different? Desperately, I looked to the asphalt under Jared. I wished he would fall, fall into a hole – 

There was a scream and Jared was gone. I ran up to where he was standing and looked down. Sure enough, there was a perfect circle leading about 20 feet down. I wondered if my power worked the other way…

“You fucking bitch!” he half snarled, half cried. “My leg is broken! I’ll fucking – ”

I never did find out what he was going to do. Probably fly out. But he never got the chance. With a wave of my hand, the top of the cylinder sealed itself, his voice cut off. I’d left the cylinder hollow – didn’t want him to die immediately. I wanted him to suffer. 

Sure, the end goal was to make humanity rise again. Didn’t mean I couldn’t have a bit of fun alone the way. 

I walked toward New York City, whistling a merry tune, a spring in my step, deaf to screams of a crippled man with nowhere to fly to. 

***Chapter 9: Homecoming
***
**Keira**

I was alone.

I was used to being alone. It’s always lonely at the top. The ploys, the duels, the lies, the tricks, don’t exactly leave much room for friends or allies. That’s the price I paid, I knew, but now, well, there was a definite emptiness as I flew towards the homeworld – a sort of sadness that I didn’t know what to do with. Those thoughts all but vanished from my head when I saw the homeworld however.
 
It was a war zone. 
 
Brilliant lights of all colors flashed in the atmosphere above the planet - Mages fighting Mages. The silver buildings only amplified the light, reflecting red, blue, and the other energies being thrown around above it. The translucent blue moon - the mana that we derived power from, seemed to be the focus of the battle. With some Mages trying to defend it, while others hurled blasts at it and the defenders. Maniacs. I sped up, pushing myself to reach the planet. 
 
When I got closer, a single dot broke off from the fighting and sped towards me. I immediately stopped and began gathering power, readying a strike, but a Mental message came from the approacher, “Oh thank Kos, it’s you, Keira!”
 
I stopped gathering power but stayed on guard as the dot resolved itself into a bald mage with wrinkles on his cheeks and startlingly blue eyes. 
 
“Eredin,” I said in disbelief. He was one of my biggest opponents on the council, and if he was happy to see *me*...things must have really gone to hell. 
 
Eredin, another council member, shook his head, “Insanity, Keira, bloody insanity. You know those idiot Preserva-”
 
“Yes, yes,” I said, cutting him off, “I know the general idea, what I mean is the *battle,* we are winning aren’t we?”
 
Eredin gritted his teeth and didn’t respond. 
 
“Eredin,” I said, “Just tell me how it is.”
 
Eredin’s shoulders slumped, “It is not going well, Keira, not well at all,” he said, “Everyone sane is at the wars in Andromeda - and it was going well, but they have these weapons, Keira, weapons with the power of the stars-”
 
I closed my eyes. Damn it all. They had planned this out perfectly. “The only ones left on the homeworld then is a skeleton crew, the council-”
 
“And the ones who don’t go to war.” Eredin finished, “We are the minority in our own home, Keira. The council is strong, don’t get me wrong, but the sheer numbers they have…”
 
I nodded, thinking. We were spread thin, and we were losing, we needed to either defend a smaller target, or eliminate their numbers advantage. That brought me up short. Something still didn’t quite make sense. “How are they organizing, Eredin? They have to have Mental Channeling Sphere, somewhere.”

Eredin started to smile, and told me the co-ordinates. "That just might turn the tides," he said. 

He gave me a mock salute, and shook his “I can’t believe I’m saying this but…good luck, Keira.” 

I didn’t say anything back, and simply stopped keeping myself floating above the planet.

I fell. 

Their Channeling Sphere was in the Council building, the same place Obrek had been tricked by that Preservationist, Mira – where this whole mess had gotten started. 

I gathered some energy around me to protect myself - gravity would handle the offense. I was falling towards the dome, head down, my long hair trailing behind me like the tail of a comet. As I watched, the silver towers came into view, all rising miles into the sky twisting in curves and forming seemingly unstable arches high in the atmosphere – all held up by the mana embedded in the walls of the buildings, a perpetual source of power. I fell past them, moving myself out of the way of spires and bridges. 

Despite my shield a bit of heat began to leak through, and I realized my vision was tinged red – my shield facing friction. I increased my speed, adding some of my energy in addition to the gravity. The buildings became more and more dense. A single bridge appeared from a cloud, too wide to get out of the way, so I just blasted through it. I didn’t look back up to see what became of it. 

This. This was power, being a Mage. Coming down on my foes to wipe them off the damn planet. Doing the impossible, feeling unstoppable. Though there was nowhere to hear but the silent towers and the ethereal clouds I let out a whoop of joy, just as I evaded death by inches again. 

Finally, the sphere came into view. It was a huge thing, white and completely smooth. It seemed out of place in the city of sleek, narrow towers and exotic walkways. Some even thought it was beautiful.

All I could do was grin like a maniac as I hit it. 

***

**Obrek**

 There was a certain beauty to life. 

I stayed far back from the planet, Earth they called it. Filled with blues, whites, and greens, in sharp contrast to the gleaming silver that dominated the homeworld. The hopes, dreams, and desires of people in a world like this, ah… I could almost feel the mana such a rich world would bring when harvested. After this whole business was done with and the Andromeda conquests were over, this would certainly be the next place to visit.   

If I survived that is. 

I took a deep breath. I had to do it eventually – no use wasting time. I surged ahead towards the planet. I hadn’t been going for a minute when I felt the Mages at the edges of my Senses. Two, three, no five. Six. They weren’t in view yet, but they were coming closer. 

Six mages at least. Traitors to their own kind. 

As I got closer I sensed something large behind them, a ship or platform of some kind, surrounded by smaller ships. I sped up. I needed more information here. 

Finally, the structure came into view. It was a ship – a huge one. There was a gaping hole in front of the massive ship, and there was no room for thrusters or solar sails of any kind. It looked like a cup without a handle. Just then two of the mages swerved back towards the structure, and I could feel them gathering energy. 

They were the ones on teleport duty then. Teleporting something other than yourself tough was extremely tricky, It took time, not much time, but time nonetheless. Not like I had much anyways. Behind the four mages a group of smaller ships had been detached as well, ships like the kind Keira and I had faced near Europa. I needed this fight to end quick. 

Finally, some specs appeared against the silver background of the Ship – the mages. As I watched, a white light began to emanate in front of the Ship, the mages opening the wormhole. 

This was going to be close.    
 
 The mages all started gathering energy, and I started gathering my own. As soon as they felt this they all attacked prematurely, in a panic. 

Amateurs. 

I didn’t even have to try, it was like seeing a hovercraft come down the walkway in the distance and simply moving out of the way. I just flew around the strikes, though I could have taken them. I didn’t slow, in fact, I picked up speed, all the while gathering energy. 

Again, the mages panicked and put up shield thinking I was going in for a head on strike. No wonder these idiots wanted to weaken their own race. They had no appreciation for the power we wielded. 

Or perhaps fighting with and against Keira had just raised my standards. I smiled at how Keira would have acted in this situation, probably killed them just for the hell of it.  

Every mage could tell when another was gathering power – it was an innate ability, but only mages like Keira and I, mages powerful enough to be on the Council, could sense what purpose the power was being used for. That’s how Keira detected I was about to teleport, how I knew these idiots were strengthening their shields. 

So, the four mages and the armada of smaller ships behind them had no idea I was about to teleport before I did. 

Right on the wormhole the two mages had been kind enough to make for the giant ship and now, me. 

***

**Keira**

“Kos, this woman is insane.” 

I sprung up immediately, coughing. I must’ve passed out for a second, considering I wasn’t dead. I looked around for the source of the voice, but I couldn’t see anything because of all the dust floating around. I could sense energy around me – protective energy. So there was someone here, someone who’d survived. But firing blindly would just give away my position. So, I waited, on my guard for any attack. 

After what seemed like hours, likely minutes really, the dust began to thin, and there was…nothing. The area around me, not just the sphere, but the towers, the buildings that had been around it were all gone – collapsed or just disintegrated. I could make out some partially standing structures out in the distance. 

When the dust cleared I made out a blue hue some distance away – a shield. Eight or nine people were standing up supporting the shield, and three or so people were lying on the ground – not moving.  

One woman dropped her arms and stepped out of her shield, while her allies cried out behind her – presumably calling her to come back. 

I kept my own shield up and walked towards the woman. She was wearing long, flowing robes in contrast to my practical clothing, though her robe was now stained with dust and ripped in places. Her blond hair reached all the way down her back. 

“Lisa, right?” I asked, “The Soother?”

Lisa put her hand on her chest, “Gosh, to be recognized by *the* Keira herself. Truly, an honor,” she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm. 

I scowled, “An honor indeed,” I said, and launched a lance of energy at her. 

Her eyes went wide and she barely managed to deflect the attack in time, but still, she was thrown off her feet. 

“Lisa!” came the voice from one of the woman from under the shield

She ran over to her, but before I could launch another attack, the other mages dropped their shields and started to attack.  

I gritted my teeth and put up my shield as energy hit. None of the were particularly gifted but there were about ten of them. Just as I recovered, another volley hit my shield. I gritted my teeth, but couldn’t help but give some ground. 

The game needed to change – and fast. There was no way I could just keep blocking these attacks. The next volley, I was prepared, I blocked the first few attacks normally, then changed the structure of my shield, to reflect back the last few attacks, and propelled myself upwards at the same time. There were a few cries of surprise, and I hoped a few had found their mark. I must’ve miscalculated an angle, however, because one of the bolts hit me in the ribs. 

I gritted my teeth, but kept going upwards. I’d almost forgotten what it was like to actually be hit – almost. It felt like someone had poured liquid metal all over my ribs. I was up though, and launched my own volley of attacks. A couple jumped out of the way in time, but others weren’t expecting the sudden change in angle. A dark haired man with a beard cried out as my lance of energy went straight through him, and he fell to the ground, twitching. A couple other got hit but not lethally – they rolled on the ground writhing in pain. 

This was only getting better. The more I took out, the easier this fight got. I pressed my advantage, and launched more energy missiles flying above them. They were ready for it by now though, and they got in groups of two and shielded themselves against my strike. Damn it. 

Lisa, the soother, was not standing up, the woman who had rushed to help her, supporting her. Both of them launched energy at me. I couldn’t dodge both, so I decided to take the hit from Lisa – she must be weakened. I dodged to the left, and flared my shield, ready to take the hit, but one of the other mages struck at the same moment. 

It wasn’t a particularly strong attack, but it was perfectly accurate – it hit me exactly where the last bolt had hit me, where my shield was the weakest. I screamed in pain, my eyes watering, but somehow managed to spin around and hit the mage who had hit me. Her green eyes widened in surprise when she saw me spin towards her and attack. She didn’t even have time to scream – my bolt went straight through her stomach. Her mouth worked soundlessly from a moment and she clutched at her wound, but toppled face first on the ground a moment later, her long dark hair covering her like a sheet. 

The man who had been next to her gave a cry of anguish and launched a barrage of blows at me. Between these attacks, and the attacks of the Soother, her friend, and my own throbbing ribs, all I could do was block and not pass out – much less dodge. 

Again, a second’s respite as the Mages began to gather energy. I launched a few strikes at the dark-haired woman who’d helped Lisa, and she dodges, moving to the left – away from the Soother. With my last burst of strength, I flew towards the golden haired woman, energy crackling around me. 

Her blue eyes widened, I was too fast, too close, for her to move, and even in her peak condition she couldn’t have hoped to stop my attack. There was a blur in front of me, though, and suddenly a man was in front of me. He was young, clean shaven. He smiled as I slammed into him, smiled as my energy swarmed inside him and turned him to dust in front of my eyes. 

I fell to the ground – hard. The pain in my ribs was unbearable now, each throb sent waves of pure torture throughout my body. I was spent – completely. I was in no condition to fight. I would recover sure – in an hour or two. But I doubted that at this point I had more than seconds. 

I managed somehow to get myself in sitting position and leaned against a piece of rubble sticking out of the ground. Hell if I was dying on the ground. 

There were only four of them left. Lisa, the woman who’d helped her, a woman with short red hair, and the man whose partner I’d killed – the blond woman. The man was clenching and unclenching his fists, the red haired woman’s eyes seemed glazed over and she walked almost in a trance, just following Lisa. Lisa herself leaned on the dark haired woman, who looked at me with fury in her eyes. 

“And so it ends, Keira,” Lisa said. 

I rolled my eyes. “Please,” I said, “spare me your pathetic monologuing and just kill me.”

The man snarled, “Why you-“

“James,” Lisa said, and the man stopped gathering energy. “You put on a good show, Keira, but you’re afraid, we both know it. Afraid of the death you have dealt so freely.” 

I didn’t say anything to that. My heart was pounding wildly in my chest, but I wasn’t going to give this bitch the satisfaction of seeing me beg. I was dying either way, might as well do it with dignity. 

The red-haired woman suddenly broke down crying. Lisa made a soft noise and knelt next her speaking softly in her ear. I tried to gather some energy, but they sensed it of course. The dark haired woman went up to me and slapped me – hard. I blinked rapidly as stars danced across my vision. 

“You see, Keira?” Lisa said, now facing me, “you see what your power has wrought you? You are the most powerful mage, maybe most powerful thing period, in the universe, and yet here you are, broken at my feet, at our feet.”

I laughed, “you and all the corpses, correct,” I said. 

Again, the man, James, began to gather energy, and despite myself I flinched. Lisa noticed and laughed. “But you’re alone, Keira. Terribly alone. We fight for each other, save each other, sacrifice ourselves for each other,” she said with a forlorn glance at the mages lying dead behind her. “We fight for peace, kindness, equality.” She walked closer to me now, gathering energy so that I could see it on the palm of her hand. “But you, Keira, most of us Mages, you fight only for yourself, and so no one fights for you. With you sure, as part of the same cause, but not *for* you.”

I struggled to get to my feet, to gather energy, do *anything,* but there was nothing, nothing but pain. 

“And that is your downfall,” Lisa finished, and released her blast. 

***

**Obrek**

I felt the same tugging sensation that always came with teleporting. It took only about a second – and we were halfway across the galaxy. The two mages immediately attacked me. These guys were more competent than the other four, far more. The launched two blasts each at the same time, making it impossible for me to dodge all of them. I simply took one hit, and tried to reflect the other, like Keira had done, when she fought me. 

The blast rebounded yes, but not at the mage. It flew off in a random direction. The other two blasts I simply avoided. 

I launched my own counter attack, but the two mages suddenly easily avoided them and launched their own strikes towards me. This time I was able to avoid their fire by flying “below” them. 

As this went on, the massive weapons launcher moved past me us towards the moon. This fight needed to end. Before anything else could happen however, escort of smaller ships detached from the side of the massive structure and came towards us. 

Bloody brilliant. 

Before I could do anything about it, the two mages attacked again, forcing me to change trajectory. They just began taking pot shots at me. All the while, the escort got closer and the platform got further and further.
 
When the ships finally came into striking distance, I still had no plan. I put up my shield just as the ships fired. 

A few of their metal projectiles struck my shield just as the two mages’ attacks did, but I survived. 

The mages did not.

The alien ships had opened fire not just on me but, the two others as well. The bullets ripped into them as they attacked me, completely focused on the offense because of my completely pathetic counter attacks. They were on completely different angles than I was, so there was no way it had been an accident. The alien ships now concentrated fire back on me with their rapid firing projectile weapons. 

I couldn’t fight these ships at once, and moreover, I didn’t have the time to. Their platform was getting closer and closer still to the moon. I had to move. So I did what any general would in a situation like this.  

Ran like hell. 

Teleportation was out of the question – it was impossible to do so in the inner system. But I was easily able to out speed the ships. I had no hope of taking out that giant platform on my own, at this point. By the time I would gather sufficient energy the swarm of smaller ships would be upon me. I needed to get to the Homeworld, meet up with Keira, or get some other help.  

The platform would make it to our planet in about 20 minutes at the speed it was going, so I assumed 15 minutes for it to get within striking distance. I made the trip in half that. 

It seemed like years since I’d last seen the homeworld silvers, but I didn’t appreciate the view for long. I could sense mages moving in the atmosphere – a lot of them. One of them detached from the main group and flew towards me. 

I gulped. If it was an enemy I was done. There was no major fighting that I could see or sense, so the battle here was over. Still, I couldn’t imagine Keira had failed - I didn’t think it was physically possible for her to fail.  

Sure enough, it was a familiar face that greeted me. Eredin. I smiled wide when I saw him, and he exclaimed “Obrek!” and flew faster towards me. 

“Man, I thought that bitch Keira had done you in, Obrek,” he said with a grin. 

I returned his smile, “Oh you have no idea, Eredin, you have no damn idea,” I said. 

I shook my head, what the hell was I doing? “Eredin, quick summarize,” I said, putting on my General voice.

A frown creased Eredin’s forehead, but he sensed the urgency. “The Preservationists staged a coup, you know how-“

“Goddamit, Eredin, just the skeleton, I don’t need the details, we have about 6 minutes!”

For a second he looked like he wanted to ask me 6 minutes to what, but he nodded and then continued. “They attacked, outnumbered us, were beating us. Keira came, took out their central communications, they fell apart without it. We won.”

“We haven’t won yet, Eredin,” I said, “there’s a massive weapons platfrom heading our way, you can probably sense it.”

Eredin frowned and cocked his head. “Aye, massive thing but…hollow?” 

“It’s going to launch weapons to-“

Even as I said it, I felt hundreds of small projectiles come out of the weapons platform. But not all of them headed towards the moon. Half of them were headed for the homeworld. 

So that’s why they’d killed the mages.  

“Set up a perimeter, Eredin!” 

“How strong are these weapons, Obrek,” Eredin asked. 

I hesitated, “Strong,” I said, “Keira alone could only block two alone.”

Eredin’s eyes widened at that. “If Keira can block two…”

I nodded. “We can only protect one,” I said, “the moon or the homeworld.”

“How many on the plant, Eredin?” I asked.

Eredin shrugged. “Fifty, seventy thousand?’ he said, “kids mostly.” A third of our population.

“Fuck me,” Eredin swore, “Protect the planet!” he ordered. The command would be relayed down the ranks, officer to platoon to neighboring officer. Within minutes, but it seemed like hours, the mages got into position, forming a protective barrier in front of the planet. Two or three thousand of them.

“Let’s hope to Kos this works,” I muttered then turned back to Eredin. “Where’s Keira?” I asked. 

Eredin shrugged, “Didn’t come back since she destroyed the sphere.” 

“And you didn’t send someone after her?” I asked.

“Are you daft, Obrek?” he said, “Good she got rid of our problem, even better she didn’t come back! Why the hell would I want to save my biggest enemy?” 

 “Where was the sphere,” I asked, my voice deadly. 

“Why-“

“Answer me, Eredin.”
 
He told me. 

***

**Keira**
 
I saw the sphere of energy in launch from her palm and travel towards me, getting brighter and brighter. I’m ashamed to say I closed my eyes. 

So I didn’t see when Obrek came and reflected the attack – right back at her. 

“Yeah,” Obrek said, “about that.”  

Lisa’s eyes widened as her own attack hit her, and she just…collapsed. No wound, nothing. Just dead. 

James flew at Obrek, screaming, practically frothing at the mouth. Obrek simply stepped to the side, and pressed his palm against the back of James’ head, and his head splattered all over the ground. He turned back towards the two women left, but they had already gone off. The dark haired one had slung the red head over her her shoulder and was flying away. 

For a moment Obrek edged to chase, but turned back towards me, for once not wearing that infuriating grin of his. “Are you all right, Keira?”

“p…Peachy” I said, and coughed up some blood on the ground in front of me. Immediately Obrek was at my side, and pumped some restorative energy in me. He was no soother, but energy is energy. I no longer felt like I was about to die. “You really cut it close, didn’t you?” I said. I didn’t say what I was really saying. *You took the trouble to save me.*

That grin of his came back. “Ah, well, I couldn’t resist watching you suffer, I doubt I’ll ever see that again. I mean, you’ve done the same on three separate occasions recently.” Translation: *You’ve saved my life too.*

“Count on it,” I replied, and found myself grinning back. 

Suddenly, there was a huge flash. I looked up at the sky just in time to see several flashed illuminate the sky, like miniature suns. 

“You stopped them in time, it seems, Obrek,” I said, taken aback at the shher power going on above me. 

“Yeah,” Obrek said, “about that.”

The moon, peale blue in the sky suddenly lit up, in a flash so bright I had to shield my eyes. And when I looked back there was…nothing. The moon was gone. 

I turned back at Obrek, mouth agape. “Obrek?”

“The missiles split up, Keira, they wanted to blow up both the homeworld and the moon. We could only save one,” he said, and hung his head. "They won in the end, Keira."

“Well,” I said with a sigh, “for what it’s worth, I’m glad I didn’t kill you now.”

Obrek laughed at that, “and here I was hoping for you to profess your love to me, Keira,” he shook his head, “but this is close enough I guess, from you, I mean.”

We watched the skies in silence as pieces of the moon began to fall from the sky, shining bright blue as they burned in the atmosphere. I cocked my head at that. Perhaps it would work?
 
Frowning, I called energy. For a frightening second nothing happened, I concentrated harder, and it came. A wisp, a hundredth of a hundredth of what I could have call at my leisure any other time, but it was there.  

With the energy, I put my hand against Obrek’s cheek…and shocked him. 

Obrek’s eyes went wide. I faintly felt him gathering energy, and he reached out to touch my cheek, and a small shock went through me as well.

“That’s pathetic,” Obrek said matter of factly. 

But I found myself grinning. “Pathetic sure, but it’s start Obrek. And a start is all we need to get the ball rolling.”Faith is dead. 

-Celeste
***

**Celeste**

Damn you, Priest. 

Damn you, for getting into this mess, for getting me mixed up in this, and damn you for making me care. 

The Priestess and I were in the City. In another life I might have appreciated the gleaming towers, the grand roads, the impossible architecture. But all I could think of was how there wasn’t blood running down the streets this time, unlike every other City I’d been in in this damned world. 

The Priestess was walking on her own power beside me. She was frowning at the people who lined the streets who were staring in awe, fear and a bit of ecstasy at the perfect dome that rose in the center of the City. Well, at least the world had a sense of climax I supposed. It would’ve been anticlimactic to have to search the streets for the Priest while the world ended in the background. Instead the universe had given us a nice dramatic stage. 

“What’s wrong?” I asked the Priestess, my voice worried. She didn’t look like she was about to walk into battle against a God, and that worried *me.* The last time she hadn’t acted the way I’d expected I’d ended up having to fight her and a God. 

The Priestess gave me a ghost of a smile. “Not to worry, Celeste, I’m not going to be turning on you again,” she said, almost reading my mind. “It’s just…these people.”

Again I looked at the poor bastards. They were refugees sure, having come here to the City where they could be safe, to the City of the one who’d caused them all the trouble in the first place. “What about them?” I asked. They looked like every other religious person I’d seen in this world. Weak. Dependent. Parasites. They had allowed themselves to enslaved by their so-called gods. 

“They don’t care about God.”

I blinked. “Excuse me? I’m pretty sure that’s the only thing they care about.”

For some odd reason the Priestess found this hysterical; she actually laughed out loud. It was such a strange sound to hear. It was a full laugh, a booming laugh that echoed off the Towers that rose around us and the deaf ears the sound fell upon. It was a laugh that contained everything but humor. Pain, irony, mocking, despair, but not humor except in a very twisted sense. It was a laugh that belonged in the end of the world. 

It was the first time I’d ever heard her laugh like that. 

“They’re just looking out for themselves, Celeste,” the Priestess said, shaking her head while she laughed. “They don’t care who protects them or looks after them. Even if they knew what the God had done, they wouldn’t shun him. No, they’d just want to make sure they didn’t get on his wrong side.”

I stopped and stared at her while she continued to walk ahead. I believed those things sure, but to actually hear the one who’d been vehemently opposed to me say it…

It was the end of the world alright. 

I hurried after her. The Priestess hadn’t even slowed down or acknowledged the importance of what she’d said. 

We walked the rest of the way in silence, broken only by the wailing of the weak. Soon, we stood in front of the curved double doors of the dome. No sound came through. Was the Priest dead already? Or was he still fighting? Or had they somehow made peace?

I looked at the Priestess, whose posture was stiff. She looked at me, her dark eyes holding a deep resolve. She nodded towards me. I moved to open the door just as a wave of Power washed over me. 

It was as if I’d been picked up and thrown into a freezing ocean. Every single inch of my body was suddenly overloaded with sensation. It was searing hot, bitingly cold, both at once and none of them at all. All my senses were screaming, or was that just me screaming?

***

**The Priest**

What does God look like?

Not just a god, like the Bull next to me, but God. The one I had once believed in. 

We stood in a vast dome one that would be able to fit thousands. There was no furniture, no intricate stained glass or pews. There were only corpses. A half jackal half man lay dead on the ground, flowers sprouting from where its throat had been slit. A woman with pure white wings hung suspended from the ceiling, her dropping wings and limp limbs somehow conveying a tragic sense of loss. A blue and black Dragon was impaled by a massive spear through the chest held up by the ground. The Dragon’s wings thing limply around it’s body creating a sheltered tent.

Hundreds of them littered the Dome, hanging, lying, standing, all of them dead, and all of them beautiful. 

And It stood in the middle. It was…nothing. But everything. Not a man, nor a woman, nothing, but everything. It had no body, but It had a presence. It simply existed. Too bright to look at, all I could make out was a bright white glow. Not of divinity but of Power. 

That snapped me out of it. 

It was God, no divinity. Just a creature drunk on Power, something real and tangible. Something I could control. Though I hated to surrender to it again, there was no choice. I called Power. 

The glow around It suddenly faded to manageable levels, but I still couldn’t quite make out its features. Two legs, two arms, a torso, and a face set against a brilliant light as to obscure the features. Still, it was something. 

*My Priest.*

It did not speak of course. It just conveyed. Its voice bounced around in my head like the gong of a bell. Besides me, the Bull knelt. I remained standing. I was here to either kill or be killed. I was no Priest of his any longer. 

“I am not your Priest.” I declared, my voice echoing so it sounded as if I had said the same thing many times, all a fraction of a second apart. “I am the Priest of Men now.”

*Sorrow.* God did not speak nor cry, but I got the sense that It was saddened. Genuinely, truly saddened. *You are misguided, my Priest. With your influence you could have led your people to me, to safety, to order. Instead you have gotten them all killed.*

The slapped me across the face. It was right of course. In my arrogance, in my idiotic arrogance I’d thought to topple gods, to topple God. How could I? How could I have even dreamed of beating this? I found myself falling to my knees like I used to back when I knew my place, back when I served. I had sinned but I could repent; God was kind, he was powerfu- 

Power lashed out almost of its own accord. Not at God but just around me, coiling around me like a shield, and immediately my mind shoved away the foreign influence. It was like a fog had been lifted from my thoughts. I blinked several times and my eyes focused again. My mind was my own again. I hadn’t lead anyone, I had just guided them in what they wanted. I’d fought because I knew it was possible to win. So what if it hadn’t worked as I’d hoped? There was only one thing left to do to honor their memories.

I had to fight. 

*Respect.* Again, without words It conveyed Its meaning. *Well I suppose you have earned the right then.*

With that It turned towards the still kneeling Bull. God’s arm vanished, replaced by a blade of Power. Bull raised its head, its eyes wide. “Y-you promised! You promised I’d be with you, that you’d let me stay by your side!”

*And I have, Bull, I have. Just not for very long.*

The blade fell. Bull didn’t even try to move out of the way, much less fight back. Its mouth was open, and its eyes were pleading. All that power he had, the Godhood, it meant nothing. 

For in the end, the Bull didn’t have Faith that he could beat God. 

This time I was ready as the Power rushed into me. It felt like molten rock was coursing through my veins instead of blood, and it felt like I was looking through a tunnel, all while some monster were trying to break out of my skull. 

When I came to my senses, I was on my knees my nails dug into palms so to draw blood. But that didn’t even register compared to the ocean that was surging within me. A sea of Power, it’s waves battering against my mental state with each heartbeat, with every breath, wanting, no, *demanding,* to be released.    

I looked up at God, still hiding behind Its golden glow. I didn’t know when I’d had my sword in hand, but before I could so much as realize what was happening I had my sword in front of me coated in a black flame that blocked God’s brilliantly white blade. I expected It to take a step back and come at me from a different angle, but I forgot what I was fighting. 

Instead, God just pressed harder, Its blade trying to cut through mine and to me. The steel didn’t even matter – the only thing keeping me alive was the layer of Power coating my sword. Still, God pressed, and I could just…feel my blade weakening, beginning to break. I couldn’t use my staff, so I threw myself even deeper into the flow of Power, surrendering my own will almost completely. 

And just like that, my next move was obvious. 

I forced Power to surge through my blade suddenly. The flame suddenly grew a hundredfold, and there was flash. One second our blades were pressed against one another’s and then I was lying on the ground amongst the other corpses. 

God stood above me. A figure of gold with Its sword raised, poised to give judgement.

*And then there were two.* God stated before raising Its blade once again and bringing it down towards me. I didn’t close my eyes.

Suddenly I was thrown violently forward, towards God who managed to sidestep and stand Its own ground. The hanging angel, the impaled dragon, the corpses they were all thrown about the huge dome, toys caught in a whirlwind. The art God had so meticulously set up was all destroyed, in disarray, revealing the dome for what it really was – a graveyard. A horrible, disgusting thing.

I managed to get to my feet to find myself on the other side of the dome, with God’s aura blazing a terrible, angry Gold. He looked around scowling, not at me, but his precious little art, the corpses he’d so beautifully arranged. 

And at the doors stood two women. One held a curved sword in her hand, and the other looked…normal. She bore no weapons. There was no aura around her. But her hands were outstretched in front of her and the curved golden doors lay aside, crumpled like pieces of paper. 

Though I couldn’t see it, I knew there was a maelstrom of Power surging around her. But I didn’t see it. In some corner of my mind, I believed God was God, so I saw It sheathed in a gold glow. But we see what we believe. And I saw Celeste.  
***

**Celeste**

The pain was just agonizing now. Down from completely incapacitating, I considered it a good thing. 

The Dome was plain except for the bodies. Gods old and new littered the ground. Angels, Dragons and things with no names. I noted with a tight smile that the Bull was one of the corpses. My smile turned genuine when I saw the Priest, battered as he was at the opposite side of the dome. He inclined his head and gave me slight smile. He wasn’t dead yet. 

Then my eyes turned to the Monster. It was vaguely human, it’s face distorted and wrinkled, crossed by bulging veins. All over its bodies those veins ran, huge and bulging through its skin. Power coursed through them instead of blood. 

“Petulant Child,” It said in a distorted, warped voice. 

I rolled my eyes. Petulant child? Seriously? We were going to kill each other and this thing had times to insult me. 

“Priest!” I called. “You alright?”

The Priest stood up, sword in hand. That was all the confirmation I needed. I bobbed my head, and lost control, submerging myself in Power. Instead of intensifying, the pain decreased, and the Power sighed. Release at last.  

Arcs of Power launched from me like arrows, heading straight towards the Monster. Its eyes widened in surprise and it responded in kind, raising a wall of Power to block the arrows. 

But not in time to meet the Priest’s sword. 

The sword, coated in the Priest’s power plunged into the monster and it screamed, the sound assaulting my ear drums. I winced but kept up the barrage. The monster dropped it’s shield to turn around and hit the Priest, smacking him away. As it did my arrows found their mark hitting the monster while its back was turned. 

It turned around and unleashed an arc of Power towards me. Letting Power guide me, I just spread out my arms, welcoming the hit. It crashed against me and…dissipated. Like wave hitting the beach. A part of me, the one that was aware that I wasn’t in full control, wondered what a beach was. 

No matter. I leaped towards the monster, letting Power enhance my jump and formed a blade of Power. It was flickered as it came into existence, almost as if it were alive. I swing as I landed in front of the Monster, and it took a step a back. But as I swung my sword suddenly doubled in length and dug into the monster. Again, it screamed and lashed out, it’s arms coated in Power to almost be like a whip. 

The air was knocked out of me as I was flung backward. But again, I saw the Priest manage to land another blow. 

It bled Power like a stuck Pig now. The Priest and circled the Monster, each feint making the Monster flinch. Nothing else mattered except for the three of us. Almost all the Power in the world were concentrated amongst the three of us. We were forest fires in a world of fireflies. The fireflies were unimportant, inconsequential. 

And this was about to end. 

“Please,” the monster said. The nerve of the thing, to beg for mercy.

With a cry I launched myself at the Monster.

***

**The Priest**

*Please* God begged. 

I almost didn’t strike, almost. But this wasn’t my God. I had no God. It was just one god. One of the many who had doomed men instead of protecting them.

I launched myself at God at the same time as Celeste. It had been powerful, but there were two of us, and though God was more powerful than me by far, and wielded more Power than Celeste, together, we would prevail.

We will prevail. 

As the two of us launched ourselves at us, God screamed. It was a voice of pain, loss. Beautiful and terrible to behold. And both Celeste and I were thrown backwards. I landed on my feet and so did Celeste, but the aura around God began to grow. Power rushed towards God, and It began to glow even brighter.

That wasn’t possible. 

Between Celeste, God, and I there was no one else who could use Power. God hadn’t killed anything else while we fought. And why was the Power only going to God, why not to me or Celeste like it had before?

I squinted past the glow of God, past the double doors that Celeste had torn down, and there stood the followers. God hadn’t been begging us. He’d been begging *them.* The refugees who believed in God. Who had Faith in God. 

And after all, Faith is Power.

The people in the crowd began to fall. They didn’t scream or cry out as they did. One moment, they were standing, and one by one they fell face-first on the ground like ragdolls. It was just like the Dragon God had done what seemed like a lifetime ago. He was consuming them. One by one, slowly, but he was. 

Again, Celeste and I looked at each other and shared a nod. God would only become more powerful as time went on. It was now or never.

With a cry I ran towards God as Celeste leaped. Tendrils of Power darted out to impale me, but Power acted almost of its own accord and neutralized them. I was distantly aware of Celeste doing the same. 

Ten feet. Five. Three. I lunged at the same time as Celeste did, she had her sword wrought from Power, and I had mine that coated it. A part of me was amused at how fitting that was. And then I stopped.

I was in the middle of swinging and then…I wasn’t. I stood perfectly still, unable to move anything but my eyeballs. Celeste was the same. There was no trick here, just pure, brute force. Pure Power. Our Power against the Power of God. And we were equal. It took all of God’s Power to stop both of us – if It had had more It would have struck us down where we stood, completely vulnerable as we were. 

And the followers kept falling. Eventually the scales would tip…and we would die. 

But the balance shifted earlier than I thought. 

The Priestess charged God. The Priestess who had once sided with a god against us. Who worshiped a dead God for a long time. The Priestess who had finally chosen men over gods. She charged the last vestige of whatever Faith she might have had left. She did not charge while Its back was turned. God saw her coming…and could do nothing. Even the tiniest slip would mean either me or Celeste would go free, and that would be that. 

And so the Priestess sunk her blade through God’s torso. 

Right where Its heart should have been.

What came next…there are no words. The scream. The bright flash. The pain. The Power. 

And all of it, all of it was nothing compared to one simple fact. 

God was dead.

***

**Celeste**

I didn’t expect to wake. 

When that Monster’s Power had flown into me…It was the closest I’d coming to believing I’d die. Calling it pain was doing it a disservice. It was…nothing. Even I couldn’t think of any words to adequately describe it. 

But my eyes were open, and I was forced to see the scene in front of me. There was no dome anymore. The golden structure just didn’t exist. All that was left was some gold colored rubble strewn around its circumference. The Monster’s body wasn’t there. None of the gods’ bodies were.

Only men remained.

The bodies of the refugees lay strewn about like ragdolls. I shook my head. Now that my brain wasn’t addled by Power, I didn’t just feel disgust – though that was still there – I felt sorry for them. Even now they stared blankly at me. As if their brains couldn’t quite handle what had happened, what we’d done. To the end they had been blind enough to verge on suicidal. They clung to the Monster who had uprooted their life. The Priestess had been right. 

*The Priestess*

I looked around to find her at the center of where the Dome would have been, lying on the ground, the Priest leaning over her. I ran over to them, the refugees forgotten. In the end the Priestess had chosen men, chosen us. Her words hadn’t been hollow – she’d followed through. 

When I’d been rooted in place by that damn Monster, I could feel the Priestess’ Power. It was nothing compared to that of the three of us, but it had been there. And it had been enough. Not Power derived from Faith in a God, but the Power the Priest and I wielded. Power of her own.  

I ran over to her; the Priest had his arm under her head and his other hand was holding hers tightly. And his face…It was the most emotion I’d ever seen him show. There were no wounds on her that I could see, but her eyes were barely open, and her body was limp, as if there was nothing *solid* about it.

She smiled when she saw me.

“I…I really am sorry about betraying you…I was blinded, blinded by my need,” she said, her voice barely above a whisper. 

I blinked several times and brought my shaking hands to my cheeks. They came away wet. When was the last time I’d cried? When was the last time I’d laughed? There were so many things I wanted to stay but I could only manage one thing. 

“Don’t die.”

The Priestess smiled again at that. “I…I can’t. What’s left for me, Celeste? I was wrong. If I’d been more sure earlier, acted earlier, I could have saved my people. If only I’d been…more like you.” She reached out to weakly squeeze my hand. There is no death in the land of the dead unless the person truly believes they are dead. That’s why mortal wounds left people dead, because they believed that should kill them. And the Priestess thought she had nothing left to live for. 

The Priest spoke. “You can help us rebuild, give new order to people in a world without Gods.”

I nodded eagerly, looking at the Priestess. She just smiled and shook her head. “The girl I understand is naïve, Heretic,” she said without any rancor, just a bone-deep sorrow. “But you? You know what’s coming.” 

I just frowned at her, but the Priest’s mouth tightened. I shook my head. I knew it was irrational, but I blamed him for this. He was supposed to lead us, to guide us, but he’d fallen for the bait and now the Priestess was dead. Dead along with everyone else I cared about. 

Suddenly the Priestess’ eyes gained focus, and her grip around my hand became like an iron vise. “M…my name,” she managed to whisper. 

My eyes widened. The Priest had explained to me a lifetime ago. None of the Priests or the Priestess’ were allowed names, to make sure that followers didn’t put their Faith in the priests instead of their god. “Faith,” the Priestess finally managed. “My name was…is Faith.” Something seemed to break inside her as she said that, as if this final admission invalidated her life more than when she had killed the last god. She let out a sigh and her head slipped from the Priest’s arm. 

Faith was dead.

***

**Priest**

I wouldn’t let it happen. I couldn’t. I looked at Celeste, her head bowed and her shoulders shaking, wracked with silent sobs. 

I looked inside me and found…nothing. There was nothing. God was dead. Faith was dead. My people were dead. There was no anger left, no object to direct it towards. Just a sort of vast emptiness.

And a hint of dread. 

I looked down at Faith, her eyes closed. She looked almost at peace. At that I did manage to find a small bit of anger. She knew, she *knew* what was coming, and she had chosen to run from it rather than face it. I wanted to shake her, whether out of frustration or some naïve desire to wake her, I didn’t know. 

When I looked up, Celeste was standing and staring at me. Tear trails marred her pale skin and her white hair was in disarray, but her eyes…there was a storm behind them. That same determination I’d seen when I found her all that time ago, back in the valley of shadow and death.

“So,” she said, her voice crisp, though her fists were clenching and unclenching at her side.  

“So.”

It was only then that I became aware of the people. The ragtag group of refugees who were left, who hadn’t been consumed. They stood in a circle around what had been the foundation of the enormous dome. What had stood for their savior, their God. 

There weren’t Gods anymore, just some broken people. 

“What now, Priest?” Celeste asked. “We’ve finally done it, your great mission. Now what do we do?” There was an edge to her voice that I’d never heard before, not from her. 

“We walk away,” I said. 

I heard a few of the people gasp, and some even burst into tears at those words. 

Celeste looked me in the eyes and said what I knew she would say. What she would always say. I had Faith in man. Faith had had Faith in Gods. 

Celeste had Faith in herself. 

“You know what will happen, Priest,” Celeste said shaking her head. “They’ll make the same mistakes. Gods will rise again, the new people coming into this place will sorted by their Faith again. People like me will be left to roam in hell.” Celeste practically snarled the last few words.

“Or they might not, Celeste,” I said. “If we make the choice for them, aren’t we doing the same thing as the Gods?” 

Celeste gaped at me. “How can you *say* that,” she said in a low whisper. “After…after all we’ve done you think I’m a monster?” Her voice cracked as she said the last word. 

I wanted to go up to her, put my hands on her shoulder and tell her, “No, of course not.” I wanted to tell her that I would call myself a monster before I called her one, but I knew it wouldn’t help. I knew her, inside out. So instead I said, “Not you, but what about the Power that rules you?”

She stiffened. 

“Sure, you resist it for now,” I continued ruthlessly, hating myself as I did, “but eventually you’ll use it. Maybe not now, not anytime soon, but eventually. You can’t win.” 

At that she straightened. “I can, Priest. I *can* win. If there’s one thing I have Faith in, it’s that I can beat anything, absolutely anything.” 

And there it was.

Even as she said it I felt a bit of unclaimed Power rush over to her, drawn by her conviction, her Faith. I didn’t know whether to laugh at the irony or weep. 

“Please,” she said, her voice pleading, off-guard. She let her control slip away. For that one moment she opened herself to me, let herself be vulnerable. “Please, Priest. Don’t leave me.”

She didn’t say fight. 

That was what I had been expecting, what the Priestess had been talking about. We saw differently, and we’d fight. She would win. There was no question about that. I harbored no illusions about who was stronger. We’d fight, I’d die. 

And everyone would lose.

But she hadn’t said fight. 

Damn, what I thought. For once, I just let myself have Faith. I rushed over and hugged her. She was startled for a moment, then arms were hugging me back tightly. She was shaking with each breath and I blinked several times to find my eyes blurry. We didn’t speak, we just held each other. A mentor holding an apprentice. A…father, in some twisted sense, holding his daughter. There was love, sorrow, loss, understanding…Life. 

It was an alien act in a world of Faith.

I was the first to let go and step away. “You understand what I have to do?” I asked softly. I couldn't risk staying with her. If she fell, I'd be the first to die if I stayed next to her. And if I died, there was no hope. 

Celeste wiped away her tears then met my eyes. “I get it,” she said. “I…I guess this is goodbye then.”

I nodded. “Do as you see fit, Faith, this world is yours. If you fall-”

“I won’t.”

I continued as if I hadn’t heard her. “*If* you fall to Power…I’ll be there.” 

Celeste laughed. “And how do you plan on doing that? If I fall, we’re all screwed.”

I gave her a little smile. “That’s what they’d said about God too.” That got a ghost of a smile out of even her. “If you fall, I’ll save you, Celeste. If you don’t, well, I’m sure we’ll meet again.” With that I started turn and walk away from the City I had already left one before. I walked away from the people, from God, from Celeste. But I did say one thing before I left it all behind. Whether it was to reassure Celeste or me, I had no idea. 

“Have some Faith.”
***
**Celeste**

Am I losing myself? I don’t think so, but who knows when they’re going insane? The very nature of madness is that I would never realize if was mad. Sometimes I almost want to be mad. Maybe then the Priest would come back. No. No I couldn’t do that. The Priest was dead. I had to think that, to believe that. If he wasn’t…the temptation to use the Power was great enough already. It was a pain to help the people just enough to support them; it was a struggle to not control them, to resist distant song of Power calling to me. On top of all that, to be able to see him again…I don’t think I could deal with that. To me, the Priest was dead. 

I understand so much more now. Power. Faith. This damned world. I think I’ll start something, a journal. Maybe it’ll help who comes next, maybe it’ll help keep me sane, stave off the song of Power for longer. Maybe even forever. 

I just have to have Faith.There was no other way it could’ve ended. Only one of us could have lived. Our views were opposites, we were too fundamentally different. 

That’s what I tell myself at least.

-Unknown
***
**The Priest**

I walked into a magnificent city.  

Not just *a city,* but *The City.* The one I used to serve, the one whose walls kept out monsters as well as men, the one that had expelled me for trying to open them. 

It was filled with refugees. Some wore tight, clinging leather jerkins, others wore long flowing robes, and still others wore next to nothing at all. Some were dark skinned, some were light-skinned, some were heavily tattooed. They were from all different Faiths, yet no one had the telltale scars and sunken eyes of the Faithless. My mind wandered back to the remains of my people and wondered if there were any left in this entire cursed world. 

Well, I was still alive at least.

Behind them gleaming towers of gold and silver rose, shining in the light of the permanent dawn the City was in. Some were symmetrical, like rectangles rising to the sky topped with cones, but others twisted around in impossible shapes, knotting into themselves, curving and turning at impossible angles.   

They all gave us a wide berth as we walked though them. Me and the Bull God. The Bull God stood only seven feet tall and wore a human face in its current form, but still had the telltale horns sprouting on his head. We walked next to each other, as equals, and the people probably assumed I was some god as well and averted their eyes. 

I tried my best to look at the ground; I didn’t want to be recognized. 

“How long has this been going on?” I hissed under my breath to the Bull.

The Bull cleared his throat and spoke very loudly. “Oh, quite some time. Ever since news has reached God about other gods dying in other lands, falling to monsters and Faithless alike, he has been kind enough to let anyone looking for something to believe in inside these walls for safety. All he asks in return is a bit of –” 

Power crashed into me, and I stumbled from the sheer force of it. Beside me I was dimly aware of the Bull missing a step as well. Everything suddenly became much more…sharp. The buildings became clearer, and I could make out the pores of the skin of the people of around me. Something, no I knew what it was, it was Power, urged me to act, to let it out, to do *something.* It filled my head until there was almost nothing else – just me and the Power. 

I gritted my teeth and fought it. I had realized too late what its nature was. Power was not living, but it was sentient. It had but one purpose: to be used. It was what drove Celeste to be erratic, to take risks. It was what had gotten me into this whole mess, drunk on wielding the Power to fight off the ambush. I’d been cocky, confident, willing to take on God.  

I would not succumb to it. Though to ease the pressure I used a bit of it. I made a small sphere of Power over my left palm and held it there, concentrating on it. The pressure eased a bit to something I could control. 

Beside me, the Bull wasn’t quite so subtle. It threw its head back and belched out a lance of pure white flame that reached up to the sky. Beside us, some people cringed away in horror. Most of them simply ran. 

It looked down and shook its head, as if clearing it. “What in the world was *that*? Why had I suddenly been overcome with the urge to use Power? It wasn’t usually like that, it was a slow process as far as I could tell from thinking back to how Celeste had acted when she used it. Just thinking of her frustrated me. I felt like an idiot to have missed the signs. 

“Your God is killing the last of them, Heretic,” The Bull said, not caring if anyone heard. “For every God and priest he kills there are fewer vessels to wield Power, and so we get more powerful each time one dies. Why do you think you aren’t in chains, Heretic? At this point, me, you, that apprentice of yours, we are all some of the most powerful things in the world.”

We continued walking towards, and now I could make out our destination. What I’d thought was the distant wall on the other side of the City, was in fact a massive dome, pure white, not marred with even a speck of dust. It was a perfect hemisphere, with no accompanying towers or frivolity - it was grand enough on its own.  I’d seen it before…before when I’d been a real Priest, and it still took my breath away. I’d thought it was a testament of Faith, of the power of God. Now I knew it was just a testament of Power. 

We walked the rest of the way in silence as the dome grew larger and larger. The people around me flinched when I so much as looked at them, but when they stared at the dome they looked at it with awe and reverence; with Faith. It was an ingenious plan, even I had to admit. Kill gods who would rival you, direct their followers Faith to himself by “saving” them. There was just one hitch, or there had been at least: the Faithless. We who wielded Power without followers or Faith in a god. 

As I the massive curved double doors became visible, I knew that this was it, the end. I wasn’t afraid of the fight, how could I be when the Power beckoned inside my head, promising bliss and power on a scale that I couldn’t even comprehend. I was in fact excited to get past those doors and face the end. 

That was what scared me.  

Just as we were about to enter, the sky went suddenly dark. I frowned and turned around, as did the Bull and the people. A fountain of pure black power, so grand that it made the Bull’s display look like the flame of a candle, blossomed in the sky. It didn’t block out the sun so much as suck in the light around it.

Celeste.
***

**Celeste**

The power hit me like a sucker punch. I let go of the Priestess, and fell to the ground, curled up in a ball. Desire unlike any I’d experienced before pounded my head like a hammer. There was burst of sensation, I could feel the individual threads of my breeches, of the loose shirt where it touched my skin. I was aware of each small bump on the ground I lay on, aware of each strand of my hair. I was lucky I’d squeezed my eyes closed otherwise I probably would have gone insane on the spot. Years passed, or maybe minutes, before I couldn’t take it anymore. I knew it was changing me, I knew that I wasn’t me when I used it, but I would explode if I didn’t do anything.

With a scream I gathered Power and launched it up at the sky. I was vaguely aware of the sky going dark for a moment, but I was mostly focused on trying to breathe. After an eternity I sat up on the ground. The Priestess had managed to seat herself too. She looked like she’d been dragged to hell and back, and perhaps she had, but her face was still set into a fierce scowl. 

“What the hell was that, Celeste? You just announced we were coming to the entire city!”    

I felt like hugging myself and just staying there on the ground, but instead I stood up and dusted myself off. “I have no idea,” I said. “The Power, it…it attacked me, just flowed into me. I had to release some of it, I *had* to!”

Some concern bled into the Priestess’ look. There was no love lost between us but saving each other’s life tended to thaw even the coldest of relations. “Was it the teleportation?” 

Before the Bull – just thinking his name made my blood boil – had teleported, I’d never even considered that the Power could be used for movement. We’d teleported here, and it had left me drained. Power was satisfied at being used so completely. This wave had come out of nowhere. 

“No, not that, I think,” I said. “It was like…I was gaining Power.” There was only one time I remembered feeling like that – after the Priest and I had killed the Dragon god. And it all clicked. “…Someone is killing people who wield Power,” I breathed. “…And the Power seeks out new vessels.”

“You think…?” 

“No,” I said. “He is not dead. Not yet.” If I told myself that enough times, I might even believe it. 

I stood up and offered my hand to the Priestess. She glared at my hand and got up by herself and brushed herself off. 

Tough woman. 

Together, we set off towards the City. Towards the end.|

Back from out of the country! It's been a while so I included a quick recap. 
***

Quick Recap:

The Apocalypse is triggered – War doesn’t show up, so the plan fails. Humans, lead by War in disguise and modern technology take over hell and move to heaven.  

War, our protagonist, kills Pestilence. Pestilence was in league with this elusive being we know only as “Him.” War and Death take down His attempt to use Pestilence’s power against them. 

Death explains to War how they are part of a cycle. Lucifer and Michael let humans grow, feeding their emotions, and when they advance far enough they end it using the Horsemen’s Apocalypse and start fresh. Death intends to stop this. War does not trust Death.

Death tells the Human HQ about War’s true identity. 

War simply kills everyone who knows. 
***
There was silence for a moment. 

No screams, pleas, or steel cutting through flesh. Then it was silenced by a single clap. Then another. Another. 

I whirled around to see Death leaning against one of the watchtowers, giving me a slow clap, wearing a loose smile. “Bravo, War, you know, I didn’t really think you had in you.”

“Had what in me?” I said, “The capability to wage war?”

Death shook her head, that infuriating smile still playing across her lips. “To *kill,*” she said. She loaded that word such emotion that I actually took a step back. “There is an order to war,” she continued, taking another step toward me. “There is a clash of wills, an end goal, a struggle. But to *kill*…” she shuddered. “To kill is to just take, to end.”

“I’m really not interested in your sick obsessions, Death,” I said. “Leave.” The squad commanders must have noticed the lack of the chain of command – there were protocols for this. After an hour of no contact, all squads would return back to base. And when they found the slaughter, I needed to play my part. And I couldn’t do that with Death here. The question of course was, what could I do to make her go away. 

She moved toward me and to the side, kicking aside the head of a young man as she did. I moved too, and we began to spiral toward each other. “I can’t, War,” Death said, “I have no army, and if you keep yours, well, we can’t have that.” As she spoke, she took out her Scythe. Without warning, a black flame consumed it, and a fraction of a second later, the scythe was gone, replaced with a longsword with a blade that was pure white – as if it were made of bone. 

I held *Yudh* in ready position. It made sense – the Scythe was not a good weapon – there was a reason the sword had dominated human engagements for millennia. A sword was an inferior spear for stabbing, a worse axe for chopping, and nothing more than a halfway decent mace for smashing. And yet every single one of those weapons would lose against a sword between two evenly matched opponents – the sheer versatility a sword had was unrivaled. 

Death of course could turn her weapon into a gun, but while our powers didn’t work on each other, they would work on projectiles like bullets. Swords and melee weapons, at least while I held one, were immune to the Death’s magic and vice versa, just like we ourselves were. 

We were ten feet away from each other now, walking on a sea of corpses. “What’s the plan, War?” Death sneered. “You think you can beat me?” 

I charged, *Yudh* in one hand. With horsemen, no magic, no tricks, this was a battle, pure and simple. Skill against skill, will against will. I closed the distance. 8 feet. Five. Three. I swung downward, and Death blocked *Yudh* with the flat of her sword. She’d used both hands to block just as I’d expected. As our swords touched, I hammered a punch into Death’s stomach with my free hand. 

Death let out a “oomph,” and the grin of hers finally faded. I pressed my advantage and struck, my sword almost a living thing. Strike, slice, feint, thrust. Death moved back, overwhelmed by the assault. She blocked a strike, but I’d already reversed my blade and was attacking from the other side. Death would dodge but before she could contemplate an actual attack, she had to deal with another one. She was on the defensive.

“Not half bad, War,” Death said, black blood staining her lips – it had been a hell of a punch. 

I feinted right and Death committed. She managed a strike across my forearm – she expected me to flinch back but I continued and thrust *Yudh* into Death’s shoulder. She gasped. I saw he punch coming, but there was nothing I could do about it. She slugged me across the face with her fist. For a second everything went black – I felt nothing except the hilt of *Yudh* in my hands. Nothing else mattered – to let go was die. 

The dark cleared an eternity – or a second – later. I was kneeling, Yudh held in one hand, and my other arm against a corpse on the ground, supporting my weight. A pulse of pain radiated from my cheek where Death had hammered me. 

In front of me Death scowled at me. She held her sword in her other hand. Her clothes were stained with black around her shoulder, and her arm hung limp at her side. 

“It’s over, Death,” I called. “You can’t beat me with one hand.”

Death shook her head, her jaw set, and charged. What the hell was she doing? She swung down, I parried her hit and managed another punch in her stomach with my free hand. She stumbled back. 

“You can’t beat me,” she snarled. “You’re weak and you’re a traitor!” 

What the hell? Death was calm, cool, in control. Not hysterical. Not this. I shook my head – is this what she’d die as? Some stubborn fool? “Watch me,” was all I said. 

With a hoarse cry, Death charged me again, her sword held haphazardly. I could disarm her with a single swing. I swung my sword, lazily really, hoping to rip the sword from her hands. Too late did I see the spark of intelligence in her comically large eyes, the smile in her scowl, the movement in her limp arm.

Death caught my lazily swung sword by the hilt, or tried to at least. *Yudh* sliced through the skin as if it were nothing but lodged against her bone – Death or not, it would cut, but it bought Death a fraction of a second. 

And that was all she needed to bring her sword to my throat. 

I dropped *Yudh* and put my hands up. It was over. 

I close my eyes and gritted my teeth, How could I have been so *stupid?* I’d fallen for her trick. Death, even facing overwhelming odds would never falter like that, would never lose control. Of course she wouldn’t – but in my hubris I thought she would, and now I was paying the price.

Still, I looked her in the eyes, letting none of the frustration show. I wouldn’t give her the satisfaction. And still, I was sure she wanted me alive – if I hadn’t dropped *Yudh* she would’ve cut through me of course, but now…I was at her mercy. 

The smile of hers was back. She looked at her ruined hand – a mess of black blood and white bone – and inclined her head to me. “You know, War, I believe this is the single largest injury I have ever suffered. Congratulations.”

I said nothing. 

Her sword filled the bottom of my view, and I could feel the cold point where it kissed my throat. She spun the sword. I stared at her evenly. I would not flinch.

Death pouted. “You’re no fun, War,” she said with a shake of her head. “Whatever. As promised, I’ve beaten you, and now I want certain promises from you in exchange for life.” She smiled again and spoke in the sweetest voice. “And remember, War, the word of a Horseman is binding.”“Betrayal!” Michael screeched. 

Death spared a second to look at me and nod to Michael as if to say *can you believe this guy,* before charging. 

Idiot, arrogant asshole he was, but Michael knew how to fight. Death swung, her sword blurring, and Michael met her blade with his own greatsword. It was a hunk of some sort of white metal as tall as he was and a foot across at its widest – no human could ever hope to wield it. As I watched, the sword glowed for a second then *exploded* with some sort of power, throwing Death back a bit – thought she kept herself on her feet. Horsemen couldn’t wield magic against each other, but against other higher beings, all was effective. 

I tore my eyes away from the fight and focuses on Lucifer, who had drawn his own blade. In sharp contrast to Michael his was long and narrow, a rapier glowing red with his power. 

“This was foolish, War,” Lucifer said. “You are siding with that lunatic?”

It was a trick to enforce the pledge. “She’s not on my side,” I said with a shrug. “I despise her and would take any opportunity to kill her.”

Lucifer pointed behind me at the fight punctuated with gold and dark flashes as Michael and Death duked it out. I didn’t turn to look. Lucifer was – 

Muscles tensing, magic gathering. 

One second he was ten feet away from me, the next he was in front of me, his rapier thrusting, but I was ready. I shied back, batted away his blade, and with the space that earned me, I bashed into him with my shoulder. 

Lucifer stumbled back, and I pressed my advantage. Step forward, slice down – Lucifer hastily parried. Muscles tensing, blade arm relaxed. He was going to dodge, probably to the right. I brought my blade back up, he stepped to the right, but I’d already seen it coming. 

Instead of bringing the blade back up, I sliced right with *Yudh*, intending to cut him in half. He had nowhere to go, he was – 

Magic swelled near my chest, and I only had time to bring my own power to protect me before it exploded – throwing me backward in a crackling blast of red, my strike not connecting. Damn. 

I landed on my feet about ten feet away. Lucifer offered me a slight smile, not a speck of dust on his suit. I had had him. I’d gotten too focused on the swords, forgetting about the other tool he had in his repertoire. 

Behind me, power gathered and snapped like a living thing as Death and Michael collided, but I didn’t dare look. 

“Do you really think you can beat me, War?” Lucifer said. “There’s a reason you listened to what I said for all these years.”

I shrugged and ran forward. I didn’t understand people’s obsession with talking as they fought. First Death, now Lucifer? Just fight dammit.   

Lucifer pointed his rapier at me. Magic gathered at the tip, and a burst of red flew out from his blade. I was ready for it. A black sphere of my own power appeared in front of me and absorbed the red blast before popping out of existence. 

Leaning forward. Magic gathering over left arm. 

Lucifer lunged forward, rapier poised for my throat. I twisted to the right, gaining momentum, and spun to bring *Yudh* down behind him. Lucifer raised his arm in a futile gesture as *Yudh* cut through his hand. 

Or at least that’s what should have happened.

Instead, *Yudh* hit his hand and…stopped. He’d *caught* my sword. 

Right arm swinging again; he was going to impale me. I had no choice. 

I let *Yudh* go and threw myself back in time to avoid the thrust, leaving it stuck in his hand. Lucifer gave my sword a disgusted look and tossed it to the ground. 

“It’s over War,” he said. “Fight Death with me, and I’ll let you live.”

It was over? That was news to me. I reached out with my magic and *Yudh* flew toward Lucifer from the back where he’d dropped it. 

I didn’t know if he heard it whistling through the air, or he saw something in my face, but something made Lucifer sidestep my sword which would have run him through otherwise. Instead, it flew back into my outstretched hand. 

Lucifer blinked at my sword, his calm mask slipping. With his free hand he felt his chest, as if to make sure he hadn’t been run through. He looked up at me, a scowl twisting his face into an almost unrecognizable mask. 

One second he was a wiry man in a suit, the next he *exploded* with power. The flash was brighter than the light made by those nuclear devices used by humans. Even I had to look away for a moment in the face of the sheer power. 

When I looked back, there was no man in a suit. 

In his place stood a demon. There was no other word to describe it. It was 8 feet tall. It looked almost malnourished, with ribs and shoulder blades almost poking through its crimson red skin. Two wings adorned its back, and it grinned at me, giving me a glimpse of razor-sharp teeth. 

What worried me most, however, were the four arms. Two held rapiers and the other two held fireballs. 

My surprise cost me a second as the monstrosity – Lucifer – sent the fireballs hurtling toward me. I called my own magic to try to “catch” his, but my magic just…burned away. Black covered his fireballs for a moment before disappearing. As it was, they hit the ground near me, throwing me back ten more feet or so. 

I didn’t land on my feet. I sprawled on the ground like a ragdoll. 

What the hell? Even after all this, all the war I’d waged, his magic was stronger?

 Wings flapping. He was coming. 

I raised my legs and hopped to my feet just in time to see Lucifer *throw one of his swords.*
 
This wasn’t some stupid flashy move as throwing a sword usually is. Only idiots fought one-on-one with two swords. Lucifer just intended to catch me off guard. 

I had time to move. I knew where his other attack would come from. I would duck to dodge the thrown sword and then rise up to meet his downward stroke.

And then I’d lose. 

If engagements kept going like this, I couldn’t win. His magic was stronger, but my blade-work was better. All he had to do was keep away, and he’d win – magic reached much further than my sword of course. 

I needed to change the rules, make Lucifer fuck up. 

So, I took a page out of Death’s book. Lulling into a false sense of security. 

I dramatically made my eyes go back, and moved, painfully slowly, to the right, giving the impression that I was some idiot with slow reflexes dodging the sword, and purposely let it impale my shoulder. 

The scream that tore itself from my mouth wasn’t an act. Burning like which, I hadn’t even thought possible bubbled up through my body where the rapier had embedded itself. 

The monstrosity that was Lucifer grinned and brought his sword down. 

I blocked with *Yudh*, letting his blade hit the flat of mine, then sagged down. He swung again and I blocked. After each dodge or block I let myself grow slower, showed my breathing become heavier. Strike, hit, block, parry, dodge, ow. 

His sword was like a whip, swinging and smashing with impossible speed. I matched every hit but gave the impression of doing it just barely. If only I was a hair’s breadth slower, I’d be dead… In reality of course, if I wanted to, I could dismantle him force to recover, sword in shoulder or not. I was after all, War. 

And then he made a mistake. 

As I let my sword drop after a hit, Lucifer swung. 

Had he thought I was alert, and still at full power, he never would’ve made a move that left him wide open. He thought I was easy prey. 

He swung down laterally, and suddenly my body was lithe again. I dodged him with ease, slipped past his guard. 

Vocal muscles moving. A gasp. Magic gathering, but it was too late. He wouldn’t have enough time to teleport or do anything. Magic wasn’t instant, it took a small moment of preparation, of charge, just *something.*

And that something was all I needed. 

I embedded *Yudh* in Lucifer’s chest. He gasped and his sword fell to the ground. 

With the last of his power he wrenched my sword out of him and stumbled backward. He touched where my sword had entered and then examined his bloodstained fingers. 

As if on cue, there was a scream and Michael flew through the air behind me and landed next to Lucifer, his wings tainted with blood and broken. Gone was the glorious warrior, in its place was a scarred and wounded veteran. 

Next to me Death sauntered over, looking no worse for the wear, her weapon back in scythe mode. 

“You appear to have a sword stuck in you, War,” she said. 

“I’m aware,” I said, and took a deep breath before yanking out the sword. The surge of pain made black appear at the corner of my vision before my own magic scrambled to repair the damage. 

“Learnt from you, Death,” I said, teeth gritted against the pain.||
***

Hey guys, sorry for the delay, wanted to let the War series catch up. Both are now around the same part (Earlier, Blood was way ahead).
***
**9 Years Ago**

I forced myself to breathe as I walked away from the Guild building. My heart was beating wildly now, faster than it had during the whole conversation with Iris. *The* Iris. I walked past a couple of people laughing about something on their phones and shook my head. They had no idea just a couple blocks away the *Council* was gathered in full. And not to declare war on the United States. 

To talk to me. 

I found myself smirking. Popularity had its downsides – people rarely fought anymore, they outright surrendered, and money had really gotten boring. What else was there to do? Skydive? Travel the world? Try out food? None of it mattered. None of it *felt* like anything. Skydiving couldn’t match the thrill of pitting myself against dozens of others. The electrifying fear, the scent of blood. Food was bland, drugs couldn’t compare. I was an addict and money couldn’t get me a fix. 

“Where do you think you’re going, bitch?” a voice came from behind me, loud. 

I smiled. 

Jenna stood, tall, platinum blond hair standing up as if she were under water. Her emerald eyes were narrowed, and her face was twisted into an ugly scowl. People just stood on the sidewalk, eyes fixed on Jenna – they recognized her of course, most had seen either in the news or in their history textbooks. Jenna – able to control air itself. They didn’t say she was also a showoff;  hair swirling wildly and jacket flaring dramatically in her own personal breeze. 

“I was thinking of getting some coffee,” I said with a shrug and dug my nails into my palms to draw blood. “Maybe grab some fries.” I wiped the blood over my face, solidifying the mask. It was night, though of course this was New York – there were lights everywhere. Everyone saw as blood began to creep up my body, covering it. 

She somehow scowled even harder. “She was my *niece.*” Jena ground out.

I put my hands in my pockets and shrugged with one shoulder. “Well, that’s what happens to people who try to kill me,” I said. Around me, almost everyone had moved away from the sidewalk we were on, and people had stopped to stare on the other side of the road. Cars hadn’t stopped, but traffic had slowed – more so than it normally was in New York City – the same fascination that made drivers slow down as they passed a particularly horrific crash. 

She didn’t need to make hand motions to use her abilities, her hair was flowing up on its own, but she slashed her arm and a beat later I was thrown off my feet as something slammed into me and I slammed into the ground hard enough to knock my breath out. 

I hopped up on my feet. That did not go as well as planned. “I don’t know what the hell Iris wants you for, but know your place,” she sneered. I flung out my arm and arcs of sharp-edged blood flew off toward her. Almost immediately they slammed down to the ground, pushed by an invisible force. The wind. 

“Oh please,” she said and almost casually another gust of wind blew me back ten or so feet before I hit the sidewalk. I’d have broken something if I wasn’t in blood armor, but even so, it *hurt.* I made my armor to block bullets, small, fast objects. The wind was the opposite, as was the ground: large and slow.

I got up again, slower. The bitch was smiling now. “The Lady in Red they call you, right?” she sneered, and suddenly I couldn’t breathe. 

I’d been fighting for the last ten years. I’d faced down squadrons of men, walls of fire, terrifying illusions, and dozens of other threats that would make any normal person run away screaming. I knew how to keep my cool in situations where others would panic. But for a moment, as my air was cut off, I panicked. There’re certain assumptions I make: My mind will stay sharp, my body will be at least physically average, I will be able to breathe, and I will be able to call on Blood. Losing one of those pillars meant collapse. 

I gasped – or, well, tried to – and clutched my throat as if to pry away any invisible fingers that might be wrapped around my throat but no avail. I tried to run toward her but another gust of wind, weaker than the past ones, just pushed me back. I closed my eyes and wasted a valuable few seconds to compose myself. I focused only on the smell of blood – it filled me so that even the burning of my lungs became…distant. I’d just wasted 30 seconds panicking. I had about a minute and half to do something before I went out of commission; I needed to think. 

Jenna was still smiling but there was an edge to it, a faked sense. Plus, there was no gloating. This must’ve been taking serious concentration on her part. Alright. No mutt could control anything inside a living body. I couldn’t control blood inside a living person, Jon couldn’t just snap bones with telekinesis and Jenna couldn’t control the air inside my lungs – otherwise she’d just rip me apart from the inside out. That meant she was keeping some sort of vacuum around my nose or head, because I could feel air in other parts of my body. 

I took blood off my suit and again threw two glinting arcs of sharpened blood. They were suddenly pushed down by the wind again, but I fought it. Wind couldn’t compete against my will and blood. She pushed down, and I pushed up, the blood frozen for a moment between two opposing forces. Slowly, the blood began to rise. A foot off the ground, two feet. Another 30 seconds gone. The burning in my lungs was almost unbearable now; the clock was ticking.  

In a classic move, I changed direction of the blood from up to toward her. My weapons raced toward her and for a second, I thought I had her. There was another gust of wind though and the blood met resistance again, barely ten feet in front of her. I pushed forward, and she pushed back, my blood gaining inches…but of course it wouldn’t do anything. The sharpest knife wouldn’t harm someone if it comes at the pace of a slug. I was on the verge of passing out anyways. 

But no matter. 

I dropped the resistance and my own blood rushed toward me, propelled by the wind. Instead of pushing back, I *shaped* the blood in hollow spheres with an opening for air to rush in. As they came back to me, I broke the blood apart, and the precious air inside the hollow spheres filled the vacuum Jenna had created around my head. I only got a few lungfuls before whatever she was doing pulled the air out of the area around my head again, but it was enough. For now. 

“Hey!” a man called out. Both Jenna and I looked. He was standing next to Jenna, hair frizzled, big glasses, and a purple NYU sweatshirt on. “Let her go!” he said to Jenna.

Jenna blinked and so did I, even as my lungs began to yearn for air again. What the hell? Was he a mutt too? He couldn’t possibly be a human, challenging a walking legend. 

“Who are you?” Jenna managed to say. This vacuum thing really must be mentally taxing for her. Though it was easier on her lungs I’d imagine. 

“Terry,” the man, boy really, said. “You’re in United States territory and you’re assaulting another person. I’ve called 911.”

I was at a complete loss. 911? As if the council members were people bound to laws. 

“Listen, kid,” Jenna said. “Go away before you die.”

“You won’t let her go?” Terry asked. 

“No.”

He wound his arm back, paused, and punched. Even if Jenna hadn’t been busy suffocating me, I don’t think she could’ve stopped him – she wouldn’t have expected it at all despite seeing the punch coming a mile away. Hell, I don’t think I would’ve expected it. It was like a bug trying to box a human. It just wasn’t done – it was against the natural order.

But it happened. 

He managed a solid sucker punch and immediately, the spell broke and air rushed into my lungs. I didn’t feel relief – no. I felt anger. Anger that anyone would *dare* do this to me. That I would need a *human* to break me out of her spell. 

Jenna looked up at me as her hands went to her nose, blood was gushing out of it, and her hand came away bloody. She looked at her hand wide eyed then up at me. Her mouth moved to form a word. Please? No? 

I didn’t give a fuck. 

Blood was out of her body, it was free to control. No wind could stop it in time – the blood was touching her. I shaped the blood on her face as spikes and drove them through her. She squawked – there was no time to scream – as the spikes suddenly appeared on her face and the three tips poked out the back of her skull. Blood splattered the face and clothes of the NYU kid. He just gaped. They all did. 

Watched as Council Member Jenna, living legend, toppled like a log.Chapter 8: Obrek 

***

I lived!

I had not expected to make it out of that traitor’s mind. Keira had no reason to keep me alive anymore, she could interrogate the mage herself, and she could teleport back to the home system whenever, I would be merely an unfortunate causality. Anyone who questioned her could take it up with the Council…whose head was Keira. 

 It just made no sense. Why was I still here?

My would-be killer was pacing the room that had once been filled with screens. “Those fucking, Preservationists,” she muttered, “who thought those bastards would go this far.” 
 
“I was pretty surprised myself,” I added helpfully, and Keira scowled towards me. 

“You know those idiots show up at every Council meeting, holding up their signs, protesting Mana acquisition. They,” she actually laughed as if she couldn’t believe it, “They actually believe that we have no right to harvest Mana so, that we should not use alien planets as we do!”

I couldn’t help but chuckle as well, “One of them actually came into the army you know? Tried to sabotage our operations.”

“Kos,” Keira breathed. 

“Yeah. Executed that one personally,” I said, and Keira nodded, approving. 

“I don’t get them, Obrek I really don’t,” Keira said, biting her lip, her eyes focused on the floor. “I kill, cheat, and climb to gain power. Our army kills to grow stronger. Hell, you’re a downright cold, bastard, Obrek”

“Didn’t know you thought so highly of me, Keira,” I said. And I was being honest, with anyone else it would’ve been an insult, but Keira meant it as praise. 

Even she gave a ghost of a smile at that, “You tried to kill me when you saw an opportunity, I get that, I can deal with that.”

I didn’t shudder. It was just cold in here. 

“But these Preservationists, their motivations make no sense to me, Obrek,” Keira shook her head, “they allied themselves with these scum, these *humans* against their own race,” she said, disgusted. 

There was a moment of silence. Only the screens sparked, and the traitor occasionally mumbled senselessly. I’d made sure to destroy his mind when in there after I’d seen what their plan was.

“We have to go back you know,” I said, “stop them.”

Keira nodded. “It’s a two pronged assault, right?”

I nodded. “There is a group of five or six mages at their home planet right now, Earth, waiting to teleport their, err, nuclear weapons, to the outskirts of our solar system. So, we either stop them at Earth, or between the Home world and the edges of the System.”

Keira frowned, “They’re aiming for the Homeland?” she asked.

“No,” I said, “the Mana.”

Keira’s eyes widened. “the moon, they’re going to blow up the moon,” she said. “Without mana, we would…”

“Be just like them,” I nodded, “the lesser species. We’d have to start all over again, the conquest, the collection that’s been going on for thousands for years. Our powers…gone.”

“And the other assault,” Keira said to fill the silence, “is the coup going on right now at the Homeland.”

“Well…” I began.

“Yes, I know, Obrek, the coup’s probably already happened,” she sighed.

“So…we split up, I guess,” I said. 

Keira nodded, “no offense, but I’m far more-”

“Right. I’ll take Earth, you go back to the Homeland,” I said.  

She nodded, “Their weapons won’t be able to teleport directly to our planet, nothing can teleport in or out directly, so worst case, you’ll have a bit of time.”

“I’m weaker than you, not incompetent, Keira,” I said, rolling my eyes, “it won’t come to that. Worry about yourself, going into the dragon’s mouth alone.”

“I manage,” Keira said, her arms folded across her chest, “I always do.” 

There were a few moments of silence which seemed to stretch apart for eternity, just us standing there, on an alien moon, two enemies…but not anymore, I thought. I didn’t know what we were, but we were not enemies. 

Keira was the first to break the silence. She nodded, “it’s settled then.” She began to gather power to teleport to the home system, and I began to do the same for Earth. But I felt I should say, well, something at least. 

“Keira,” I said.

She looked up at me, frowning. 

“Good luck,” I said with a smile. 

I could have imagined it but I think she smiled right before she vanished. “You too, Obrek,” she finished. 

***

To be concluded in part 9,||
***
“I guess you leave an impression,” Jon said, brushing the snow off his clothes.  

He was still busy doing it in the seconds it took me to close the distance between and hammer a punch into his stomach. It was, like all my punches, a horrible one, but I’d had the element of surprise and a running start – Jon stumbled back, his face contorted in pain. 

“What the fuck?!” he snarled, scowling. 

I moved closer and Jon looked me dead in the eyes as if daring me to throw another blow but didn’t react as I moved close to him, our warm breaths mingling in the cold New York air. 

“Do you want to announce our fight to the rest of the god damn world?” I whispered furiously, my lips barely moving. There were too many eyes on us.

Jon’s eyes narrowed as he saw the paramedics and then the people silhouetted against bright lights looking from the nearby apartment buildings. “I haven’t broken any United States laws,” he whispered back. 

“That’s not the god damn point, Jon!” To any onlooker we looked a hair’s breadth away from touching lips. “Michael is dead, Rory might be too, for what? Why the fuck are you here?”

“The League can’t just sent thugs to harass you,” he said, his eyes narrowed. “You didn’t do anything, you haven’t messed with anything let alone them for years. Now they show up –”

I held up a hand. “Look, I get you may have some sort of hero’s complex, but notice who saved who here?” I said gesturing vaguely to the building. Peter needed line of sight to make his portals but in the snow he’d have to come close to be able to make a portal. I’d see him. Not that he would of course. Peter was many things, asshole: powerful, arrogant, but brave wasn’t one of them. Regardless, I continued. “You know how you could’ve helped? New furniture! Not getting yourself killed!”

“So what, we just walk away?” Jon said. “Let things continue as they are? You’ll close your café to us because they asked like a submissive bitch?” Jon winced immediately, regretting his words. “No, I didn’t –”

“Yeah, I am a submissive bitch. Better that then some sort of Goddess.” I would have closed my eyes if it wouldn’t have increased my chances of dying. As it was I just massaged my temples.

Jon opened his mouth to talk, but he was cut off by a blinding blue light. I instinctually shielded my eyes against the light, but it came and went like a flash of lightning. When I opened my eyes a few seconds later both Jon and I were bathed in a blue glow, but a faint, almost pulsing light coming from all around us. 

“Fuck,” Jon said. 

I agreed. Around us, perfectly along the League-U.S. line, a translucent blue forcefield had popped into existence, clearing the building above us. Immediately, all sound stopped. The shuffling of feet, the din of conversation, the intake of dozens of breaths. After a moment, even the snow stopped falling, cut off by the shield. I could see the paramedics through the shield, their faces distorted and stretched, their eyes wide while the otherworldly light of the forcefield danced across their faces. 

Both of us turned to face the building, and sure enough, they came. The Council.

The lighting gave the five figures an almost alien feel as they came from the gaping hole where the door used to be. 

Peter came out first, the shadows hiding his eyes, but his posture gave him away. He was rigid, as if he expected a fight to break out any moment, fists clenched by his sides. I smiled and gave him a wave, and he flinched. Jon and I exchanged a smile. 

Following him was a man walking confidently through the snow, going around Peter to stand ahead of him. Which as impressive considering the blindfold tied around his eyes. Felix, the man responsible for the forcefield around us. 

Then came a pale, almost sickly-looking woman. She wore a sundress as if it wasn’t the dead of winter, and her skin was clinging to her bones. But any vision of frailty vanished when I looked into her eyes. She had long perfectly white fair to her back, and her eyes were all black. No irises. Diana. Death incarnate. She looked at me and screamed. It was a hiccupping, hysterical thing, fading and rising, almost as if…

As if she were laughing. 

I shivered despite myself and I felt Jon seek out and clasp my hand. I could feel his pulse throbbing through his wrist. 

Following her was a frail looking man with a collar around his neck. It could have almost passed for a choker, but the way it seemed to just…weigh him down, it obviously wasn’t. The man looked at me with pure hatred. And I looked away, unable to meet Ray’s eyes. Not after what I’d done to him…

The had fanned out in front of the building facing us. Jon and I faced them, the forcefield behind us. This was bad, but it really could have been worse, only four of them were here. Peter was terrified, he wasn’t thinking straight. Diana, I just had to stay away from, and Felix…Felix was problem. 

If I could somehow get Ray on our side, it was possible we could get out alive. He might hate me, but he hated the collar more. I just needed some way to stop the electric shock from killing him, or maybe to give him some signal. As long as– 

And then of course, *she* came. Her short dark hair fanned her chocolate colored skin and fell to her eyebrows. She wore a stylish winter coat, jeans, and fur boots. She flashed me a dazzling smile and put hands on her hips. “Well, well, well, Liz. This is a familiar scene isn’t it?”

It was. 
***

**9 Years Ago**

Jon held me by the shoulders, his eyes gazing into mine. 

“Liz, you can’t do this you understand? To move against the League like this…”

“The *League,*” I said and rolled my eyes. “They’re a bunch of has-beens. Old guys who did some amazing thing half a century ago.” 

“You have no idea what kind of power they wield, you’ll lose.”

I grinned. “I don’t know Jon, but have you seen what power *I* wield?” I pulled away from him and dig my nails into my palm. I pulled on the blood and tossed it up into the air. The blood drops hung above us, lightly quivering. It looked like it was raining blood, and someone had stopped time before it could hit the ground. 

“Liz,” Jon said, eyes fixed on the drops of blood. “Please.”

“*Fine.* I said and the blood drops coalesced into spikes and fell with frightening speed. Jon had barely gasped before they embedded themselves around us in a perfect circle. I laughed, almost giddy. God, it was fun using Blood. 

Jon closed his eyes and tried to pull me toward him. “*Liz,*” he said, frustrated, and I danced out of his grasp. 

“*Jon.*” I teased in the same tone he’d used on me, and when he shook his head I put my arm on his shoulder. “Don’t worry, Jon. I’ll be fine.” With that, I turned around and walked out the door, not bothering to look back. 

***

“I don’t who the fuck you are, but you’re dead,” the man said. He wore a loose white shirt and khakis, and was flanked by a dozen or so guards with assault rifles pointed right at me. I ddin’t quite know how they’d snuck up on me, one second I was in a sea of corpses, the next, those guys were here. Next to him was a girl looking very much like him. The same shade of ginger hair, same freckles, same hazel eyes. Siblings. Perhaps even twins.

I stood, in full blood suit, bodies sprawled around me, blood staining the ground, ready to jump up at my command. 

“You know, that’s what these guys said,” I said, gesturing to the bodies strewn about the room. “Didn’t really work out for them.”

“What the hell do you even want?” the woman asked. Wow, their voices were really similar. Definitely siblings. “You just came in here, slaughtered the guards–” 

I shrugged. “It seemed like fun you know? Challenging the mighty League, see if they actually put up a fight. And if this is what they have,” I looked her up and down, “this was a real waste of my time.” 

I was on a job of course – though this had been good fun – it had the effect I’d hoped for. She snarled “Fire!” practically biting off the words. 

I rolled my eyes as the bullets slammed into me. The blood armor was so thick that I didn’t even feel the bullets as they hit me; usually there was a bit of impact at least.  So kind of those guards to provide with so much blood. I even had a thin film of blood over my eyes. It worsened my vision and me tainted everything red, but it could block a bullet or two before I had to refresh it. 

I gathered around some blood on the floor almost lazily and made it into a disk floating above my palm. I threw it at a group of guards, making the edge of the disk serrated and as sharp as a knife. It beheaded one of the guards. His head toppled, and his body stood for a moment, confused what to do, before he toppled. Before his body even hit the ground, the disk swerved to slice clean through another guard’s chest. 

The guards were screaming now, turning to fire at the disk – as if that would do anything. I laughed and made the disk change direction again, this time aiming for the male sibling. He didn’t even move as the disk bit into his neck and passed clean through. 

The woman screamed. A raw, primal sound of pure pain and anguish. She probably shouldn’t have fired huh?

The visor over my eyes shattered. 

I stumbled back and reformed it, only to have it shatter again…only this time there was no red in front of my eyes, as if the visor wasn’t even there, but I knew it was. I trusted blood more than eyes, and the blood was there. Again, it shattered from apparently nowhere and I reformed it, moving backward, panicking really. They kept going for the weakest part of my armor somehow. I realized I’d let the disk collapse; I’d been so shocked I’d forgotten to keep my focus on it. 

What the hell was going on? Something was seriously wrong. I called on the blood of the fallen brother – maybe seeing her dear brother follow my commands like a puppet on a string would unsettle her and whoever kept shattering my visor. 

Nothing happened. 

At that I faltered. *Nothing happened. The blood didn’t respond.* I could only gape, and barely managed to reform my damn visor as it was broken again. The blood always responded. Always. 

I trusted blood more than my eyes…

I had a sudden thought. I memorized the room, the spot where the bodies were, and closed my eyes and reached out, searching for blood. Immediately, I knew exactly where every single drop of blood not in someone living was. And when I opened my eyes, it didn’t match up. The blood was in the wrong place. 

“Oh, you fucking bitch,” I breathed as I realized what was going on. 

Again, my god damn visor shattered and with it a part of armor over my chest. I jumped to the side, eyes closed. I couldn’t trust them. I redistributed the blood from other parts of my armor to my visor and chest. Was I hit? Would I know if I was? I had to act; another minute and the blood on my arm would become useless.

Not the time to worry. 

I called all the blood in the room – the real blood – and let it whirl around me in a maelstrom. I didn’t know where everyone was – not where my eyes showed me, I knew that much, and I didn’t have enough blood to make knives that would travel in every possible direction. So I didn’t bother with knives. I sent blood out in a wave around the room, no pins or knives, just liquid blood. 

I imagined it coated every wall, pillar, piece of furniture or whatever was in the room. And person. Eyes still closed, senses straining to feel the blood, I felt some blood move on its own, some moving sideways, some suddenly dropping down. 

As if the blood was on something living. 

I sharpened the blood that seemed to move on its own. There were screams and on of them I recognized as that woman’s. 

I gasped and fell to the ground as pain hit me like a truck. *Everything* hurt. It seemed like I’d just been beaten to a pulp. The red returned over my vision again, but I let the visor fall. The blood showed nothing moving. I couldn’t even concentrate past that. I felt the armor around me flake off, and I lay on the bloody ground, hurting, alone. 

I couldn’t stay curled up in the fetal position on the floor. Get up body, damn you. I managed to get to my feet shakily, my body protesting every small movement as I took stock of the room. The bodies were in a completely different place from where I’d seen them. The dozen or so men who had been alive were right in front of me, not ten feet away, their bodies mutilated almost beyond recognition. There was no brother, and the woman in front of me stared up at the ceiling, her body a bloody mess after having the blood covering her whole body turn into a suit of knives. I only recognized her by the hair. 

I kicked her corpse. Bloody illusionist. A strong one too. Not just sight, she’d controlled my hearing, my feeling, even my sense of pain. I looked down at my body and it was covered in red bruises that were quickly blossoming into purple. I’d have been riddled with bullets if it hadn’t been for the armor – when her illusion was up I hadn’t even felt them. The visor had been the first clue. After it broke she should have imposed everything in red, but clearly, she’d forgotten. If it hadn’t been for the blood though, I wouldn’t have made the connection fast enough. 

I’d be dead. 

For some reason, I found myself laughing, though each laugh sent surges of pain up my stomach to my head. The last year I’d spent killing, succeeding, winning. Half the time they surrendered when they saw me, both guards and mutts. I’d forgotten what it felt like to actually be in danger, to fight with my life on the line. 

Still, I didn’t actually want to die. Best to leave before reinforcements arrived. I limped to the door the fake brother had been standing in front of, wincing with each step, and typed in the code I’d been told to type. Sure enough, it swung open. Inside there was supposed to be a small cylinder I was supposed to retrieve. 

Instead there were five people.

A woman with short dark hair and chocolate colored skin flashed me a dazzling smile. 

“Congrats on passing the audition.”**Jeff**

We stood outside my apartment building. The cars were different, and the people wore different clothes, but the building looked the same as it did 20 years ago. Perhaps it too had been transported through time. Inside I would find my Beth, just as she was 20 years ago. Together we would marvel at the strange jump, at the new technology. Maybe we would explore it together. 

I shook my head. Fantasies would get me nowhere.

Marie stood next to me, arms crossed and looked at me with a pitying look as if she knew what I was thinking. “Do you want me to wait?” she asked. She’d stopped telling me not to do it, but the implication was clear. *Do you want me to wait here after Beth kicks you the hell out.*

I wanted to tell her to fuck off, but…I couldn’t. If something like that happened, or worse, something had happened to Beth. I didn’t want to be alone after something like that. So I just nodded to her and hastily walked toward the apartment building, tried the door…only to find it locked. I pulled at it again, hoping for some cosmic miracle, but nothing happened. 

“It’s locked,” I called. Strange, didn’t use to be locked before. Again, my mind served up very helpful images. Perhaps something had happened, turning neighbors paranoid, maybe Beth had been murdered 10 years ago, and they’d started locking the doors ever since–

“Allow me,” Marie said, snapping me out of my reverie and *pushed* the door open. 

I just closed my eyes and shook my head. Marie sounded like she was choking. “Thank you,” I said with the utmost dignity, and at that she burst out laughing in earnest. I shut the door behind her. The other door was *actually* locked as it had always been; I checked both pulling and pushing. Mounted on the wall between the two glass doors was a directory of names corresponding to room numbers. 

I swallowed and went through the names. There was Ms. Morrisson in 5E, Jack Reacher in 2A, and…there. Room 6F. Beth Anglers. There was a button next to her name and an intercom. I’d ring her, she’d answer, and press a button to let me into the apartment complex. My finger moved closer.

My finger hovered over the button. What would I tell her? That I’d been transported forward in time 20 years? That I’d leave in another 1? She always liked Bradbury, perhaps I could tell her I’d become unstuck in time. For all I knew she had a life. No, she definitely had a life. The Beth I knew wouldn’t be moping over some douchebag who abandoned her; she’d move on with herself. It was selfish of me to want to see her, not caring how it might upset her. My finger moved away from the button.

But I *had* to see her. Just see. One last time. Maybe say goodbye. I deserved that much at least, everyone did. My finger moved closer. 

  While I was fumbling, the inner door leading to the apartment elevators opened. “Hey, mister do you need to be let–”

She stopped talking. 

I stopped breathing. 

I’d recognize her voice anywhere. I swiveled toward her. Her blond hair was in a bun, with a single strand lying in front of her face. She was wearing a loose T-shirt and sweatpants. She didn’t look like she’d changed much. Her hair was still vibrant, her skin still flawless, but there was a look to her. A weight she’d once borne and carried that had left its mark. Her crystal blue eyes had gone wide, and her lips were forming my name. “Beth,” I breathed. 

“I…” she took a breath and closed her eyes for a moment. When they opened again, they were furious. “What the fuck are you doing here?” she asked, her voice clipped. 

“Look, I can explain–”

“Oh? Now we’re in some dumb rom-com? “‘I can explain’? For real?” Beth shook her head in disgust. “By all means, go ahead, do tell me where you’ve been the past 20 years, to the god damn day?!”

I just stared, dumbfounded.  This was the woman I’d kissed on the lips just a few hours ago. The woman I’d loved a few hours ago, and the one who’d loved me back. How much difference a few hours could make.

“I’m waiting,” Beth said, arms crossed over her chest. She was trying to remain stoic, but I knew her. She was blinking a lot, she thought it stopped her from tearing up, and the fingers on her left hand were digging into her palms. She was anything but stoic right now.

“I have become unstuck in time,” I said. “I was in an elevator for a few hours, but 20 years passed. Now I’m back.”

Beth blinked. 

I spread my arms as if to say. *And there you have it.*

“Are you for real?” Beth sputtered. “The least you could do is give me a straight answer, asshole!”

The words stung. “Look, I am, I am telling you the truth. Why would I lie?”

“Oh, I don’t know! Do you need money? Haven’t had sex in a while maybe and are desperate? How can I understand the man who left me without any warning whatsoever!”
 
“How can I prove it to you, Beth? What could I possibly do?”

“Nothing,” Beth said and moved to push past me. I had no right to stop her, but we humans are selfish people. I grabbed her wrist. “Just listen,” I began. 

Beth whirled around. “No, you listen! I filed a police report. They looked for weeks, Jeff. Whatever you pulled, you were good.” She pushed open the door, ripped her arm out of my grip and began to walk out. I hurried to keep up. 

“How could I have disappeared so well that the police didn’t find me, Beth! You know me, I’m not–”

“Yeah well, clearly I was a poor judge of character,” Beth shot back. “I thought I knew you, and then you left.” She paused. “I thought you were dead, Jeff,” she said, barely above a whisper, but the emotion was enough to rip my heart into pieces. “I thought you’d died, alone in a gutter or fallen into the river or something…just like that.”

“…I was in a way,” I said.

I didn’t even see the slap coming. One second we were standing next to each other, the next my cheek was burning and Beth was walking away. “I – what?” I managed. 

“You can drop the charade now, Jeff,” Beth said, biting off each word. “A PI saw you and took a pic in 2008, I’d dropped the case years ago, but he still remembered. You were in the arms of another girl. You looked like you were having a good time,” she said, her voice wooden. 

“Jeff?” came a voice. And both of us turned around to see Marie, who’d been leaning against the far side of the building. “Everything  go – oh.”

Beth’s eyes practically bulged out of her sockets. “You brought her with you,” she said shaking her head, almost like she couldn’t believe it.

I stood there, too stunned to even talk, as Beth flipped off Marie, who just frowned. “Don’t come near me, Jeff, or I’ll file a police report.” With that, Beth walked away. 

I turned back to Marie who seemed as confused as I was. “What the hell did I do?” Marie asked.**Edith**

James woke up with a start, his eyes wide and his pupils darting left to right, trying to tell dreams from reality. I felt a twinge of regret – I knew the reaction I’d had my first time Dreaming – I could’ve warned him. Knowing in advance diminished its effects. But – while I felt bad – a small part of me was satisfied. That’s what he got for speaking to me like that. I wasn’t bringing up past wounds, but he insisted on reopening them…

Well it was only fair if he got some bruises for it. 

“Welcome back,” I said as I went to stand over him. He opened his eyes and flinched back. As I suspected. His dream had involved me. “Showing is better than telling, yeah?”

“I…you…what the hell!” was all he could manage to say.

“There’s feedback,” I said, not even bothering to help him up. “Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Your brain too provides you with whatever stimulus will make you most likely to come to Union Square.”

James paled at that, and I finally lent him my hand to help him up. He took it. “Where to?” he asked. 

“Union Square,” I said with a smile. “We have a hypothesis to verify.” 

*** 

Parks in New York City were a sight in the mornings. There was a sort of calmness in them. There were people yes, but they weren’t there to loiter, they were focused on one thing or the other. The sun was just beginning to peek over the horizon, and the City was stretching its limbs, climbing out of whatever hangover it had been in last night. People were walking to work, birds were stretching, and joggers ran on the sidewalks, and…there! 

I’d showed James the picture beforehand. Blond hair, short, sort of pudgy. That was the man whose head we’d planted our idea in, and…there he was, looking dazed as he walked in the park. 

“I’ll be,” James said, almost reverentially. “This is…”

“Incredible? World-changing?” 

“Terrifying,” he finished. He wasn’t just teasing me – his eyebrows were knitted together in a frown. He seemed genuinely distressed by this. That wasn’t the reaction I’d been hoping for. 

“Come on!” I said, pulling his arm. 

“What? No!” he said as he realized I was heading in the direction of the man. 

“Oh, it’ll be fun. Here,” I said, putting my arm through his. “We can pretend we’re a couple.” 

James blinked and stared at me for a moment, his eyes almost comically wide. I cackled and took advantage of his surprise by pulling him towards the man. 

“Hey!” I said to the man who seemed to be gazing at a tree trunk. He visibly jumped when he heard me, and blinked at me, as if blinking away the afterimage of some half-forgotten memory.  

Or perhaps a dream. 

“I, uh, I’m sorry?” the man said with a heavy British accent, still not quite fully in the real world. “You said something?”

I put on a startled expression. Wide eyes, arms held up. “Oh, I’m sorry, you just looked lost, we were just wondering you needed any help.” 

James stood there like an idiot, not saying anything. I elbowed him in the ribs. 

“Ow, I, yeah. You looked lost so…” he shrugged a bit helplessly. 

“No, not lost, I just…” he trailed off. 

“We come here almost every morning,” I hastened to add – God this was not going as smoothly as I’d imagined. “We’ve just never seen you before is all.” I tugged at James’ arm. “C’mon. We’re sorry for disturbing you, sir.” 

“Oh no, no need to be sorry,” he said, smiling. “You’re right, I haven’t been here in years, it’s just that…oh forget it,” he said with a wave of his hand. “It’s just silly.”

“Well now you’ve gotten me all curious.” I was surprised to see James actually taking initiative for once. “You can’t leave us hanging,” he said and offered the man an almost conspiratorial grin. 

The man shrugged, “Well…it’s just when I was wee lad, my mum, bless her soul, came here in New York City with me, and took me for a walk here. It’s one of my earliest memories. I hadn’t thought of it in years, but when I was sleeping tonight…it just came to me.” He smiled at us, and even I was surprised to see his eyes were a little moist. “And so here I am, a grown man chasing after the shadows of his mum.”

We were silent for a moment, each lost in our own thoughts before James spoke. “It’s not the shadows that are enticing, it’s the chase.”

We left the man to his musings.

***

“So, what do you think?” I said. 

We were walking through the streets again – our arms still linked – and the sun was well and truly up now, chasing away the shadows of dreams and ushering in the real world. 

“It’s not right,” James said after a moment of silence. 

I frowned. “Elaborate.”

James bit his lip and moved his side to side, “It’s just…not right. Using someone’s memories, their dreams, to get them to act in a way you want.”

“We’re not *getting them* to do anything, James, they do it themselves,” I shot back. 

“Semantics.”

“Semantics!” I gaped. “If I’d held a gun to his head and done it that would be coercion, this is just a suggestion.”

“A suggestion people aren’t even aware is external. It’s a trick,” James said, shaking his head. 

“Are you happy?”

James stumbled at the question. “I…what?”

“It’s a simple question,” I said. “Are. You. Happy?”

“With what?”

I rolled my eyes, “Coming here! Meeting me! Wasn’t that man happy dreaming of his mother, wasn’t he glad to come to the square? They are doing things happily!”

James laughed – it was a bitter, almost cruel, thing. “Happy by comparison! It’s like throwing someone down a hole then throwing them a rope. You’re not saving them, you’re the one who pushed them in in the first place. Your dreams make people vulnerable, and your desired result is the only way out for them.”

I ripped my arms out of his. “But you didn’t even consider the benefits! Education, communication, we could change the world!”

“And ruin it. I’m sorry, Edith, but no. I will not be responsible for this. I will not unleash this upon the world.”

I….no. He couldn’t do this. After all this, James of all people would turn me down, deny my dream?

He had the gall to put his arm on my shoulder. “Hey, don’t look-”

I ripped his arm off my shoulder. “Get the fuck out of my sight then,” I snarled. I’d lost control, I knew it. This wasn’t doing me any favors, but how dare he? He on his moral high horse. Who was he to determine he was right and I was wrong. 

“Edith, don’t-”

“I get it,” I said. My voice cold, calm. “It’s payback. I understand.”

His lip curled up and his nostrils flared. “How can you say that?” he demanded. “You’re just not getting it-”

“Shut up. You have made your decision. You have judged my dreams. Now leave.” I’d do it without his company, find another way. This was not the end. It couldn’t be. I would not let it be. 

James opened his mouth to say something then decided against it. He just turned around and walked away. 

“Sweet dreams,” I called, and went back to my office. 

I had a dream to realize.||
***
**9 Years Ago**

 “Congrats on passing the audition.”

Oh, I was so fucked. I’d gone to school, read the history books, I knew these people. Everyone did. I was standing in front of the Council. 

My mouth went dry for a moment, and then my senses kicked into overdrive. I dug my nails my palms and the woman who’d spoken – Iris – clucked and I was suddenly on the ground, arms and legs spread out, pressed against the ground. It seemed like there was some huge invisible weight on top of me, pressing down, grinding my bones to dust…and then it was gone. I took a gasping breath and I realized I could breathe again. 

“You have no chance. Please, we’re just here to talk, let;s be civil,” Iris said. I’d expected her to gloat or at least have a distant, superior attitude of one who knows they’re above you. She was Iris after all, the leader of the council, able to control one of the four fundamental forces that governed the universe – Gravity itself. But she wasn't, her voice was strangely plain. 

I got up to my feet, a bit unstable. Again, I found myself facing the council. Iris, controlling gravity. Flanking her were Diana and Felix, the next two most powerful members. Peter – the man who could open portals leaned against a back wall, playing a mesmerizing game. He threw a pen in the air where a portal appeared and then another swallowed it up. The pen flew at impossible angles, gaining speed as it fell again and again…

“For god’s sake, Peter!” I started and stared at the fifth council member and found her staring back, her emerald eyes furious, her platinum blond hair moving gently in a wind she’d created. Jenna the fifth, and widely considered the weakest, member of the council. Clearly, she didn’t like me for some reason.

I resisted the urge to laugh. I was so, so, so far out of my depth, it was ridiculous. Peter I might be able to take in a closed building. Diana would kill me, Felix I had no chance against, Jenna, if I caught her by surprise, I could kill. But outside of that a fight against her would end in in me suffocating. Iris would just grind my bones to dust before I could so much as take a step.  

“Well, now that you get your situation…?” Iris trailed off and I realized she was expecting a name. 

“Liz,” I said. It was a common enough name, and they’d seen my face anyways. Lying would be useless. 

“Liz,” she nodded. “I was expecting something grander what with your moniker…”

I should’ve been terrified but wasn’t. They weren’t here to kill me – if they had, I’d be dead. They wanted something and that gave me the upper hand. “The Lady in Red,” I said with a snort. “I didn’t come up with it, believe me.” 

Iris smiled a bit. “All right, folks,” she said to the Council, “feel free to leave.” Perter rolled his eyes and Felix shook his head as they turned to leave. Diana winked at me and turned away. Jenna however stayed, scowling and left last behind the other members. 

“Why have them here at all?” I blurted, my voice sounding strange in the sudden silence. 

Iris gestured for me to sit at an easy chair, while she herself leaned against a wall. “Well, your reputation preceded you, Liz.”

“I’m that dangerous?” Something inside me grinned at the thought that even the Council feared me.

“No. You’re stubborn and cocky. If you’d seen only me you might have attacked, I would’ve retaliated, and you would be dead.” She said it with no bluster, just a statement of fact, as if stating the color of the wall. She was certain she’d kill me. I suppressed a shiver. 

“Ah, and here I thought you thought highly of me.” I tried to sound casual. 

“Oh, that I do, that’s the reason for this whole set up you know?” she said, gesturing to the bloodshed outside. “Good job with the illusionist by the way, though you might have offended Jenna. She was her niece.”

Ah, that explained it. But something darker occurred to me. If this had been a set up, who had betrayed me?

“No,” she sighed. “You weren’t betrayed. Not even that woman outside the door knew we were in here.”

“You know,” I pointed, “you’re not exactly the most reliable person right now.”

A ghost of a smile played along her lips. “You really remind me of myself when I was young, Liz,” she said with a shake of her head. 

I blinked. She looked in her late 20s or early 30s, but of course, she’d been around in the 60s...she should’ve been old. In fact, except for Diana who always looked like a ghost, none of the Council members showed their age at all. "How old-"

“And we’ve arrived at the heart of the matter, Liz,” Iris said, cutting me off. “There’s a reason you’re here out of everyone else.”

“Have you heard of a phone call?” I asked. 

Again that slight smile. “That wouldn’t have been nearly as fun as this, but,” she held up a hand when she saw me open my mouth to speak. “Liz, what is the cost of your powers?”

I frowned. “I…don’t follow?” 

“Power has a cost, Liz. A man may lift a car and strain muscles, and telekinetic may uproot a tree but be winded after,” she shrugged. “To most mutts, their powers are like a muscle. It's like sprinting. The further they sprint, the harder it becomes to use their ability. And like any muscle, it needs to be exercised if they want to get better at using it.”

I considered not answering, but the threat was clear. Iris seemed kind enough, but if I stopped cooperating, especially with the 4 other Council members nearby…

I swallowed and answered. “I have gotten better as I’ve gotten older.”

Iris nodded, “but have you ever tired out? Does it become harder to use your powers if you use them for an extended period.”

“Of course not. If anything it gets easier.” I frowned. Most people didn’t tire out when using their abilities, did they? I’d rarely fought along with other mutts, but they were overzealous in the beginning compared to later. And my fights against other mutts were usually short and brutal. “That’s not normal?”

“Ask your acquaintances and allies, Liz, if you don’t believe me,” she shrugged. “But mutts tire out when they use their abilities.”

“But not me.”

Iris leaned forward, her eyes twinkling. “But not *us.*”

“How? Why?”

“Why? I have no idea. Luck of the draw?” She shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. The how though…that’s easy. We’re not mutts.”

“What do you mean, we’re not mutts?” I shot back. I felt like a broken record asking questions. 

“Mutts implies mutation, Liz. They are humans but altered, changed, but we,” she leaned in, her face inches from mine. “We are not human at all.”

“Bullshit,” I snarled. “What am I then, an alien?”

Iris snorted. “No, god no. We’re the next step. Humans from apes. In turn, whatever we are from humans.” 

“And we’re different because we have no limits to our abilities?”

Iris shook her head. “What do you feel when using your Blood powers.”

“Exhilaration,” I responded immediately, “I feel like I’m *alive.*”

“And that’s the price we pay, Liz. We warp into something else when we use our powers. Something…more. Inhuman.”

I narrowed my eyes. “Is this an abstinence talk?” I asked. “Don’t do drugs, they fuck with your head?” I put on a façade but I remembered back. Had I been so eager to kill when I’d first come into my powers. I’d changed so much since I was a shy girl in high school, but didn’t everyone change? This was some sort of ploy, it had to be. To eliminate competition. But then they would’ve just killed me…why bother with this charade at all?

“You feel it, Liz,” Iris said. “I know you do. That feeling that you’re better, the knowledge that you could hold it in your clutches.”

“It?” I breathed, knowing exactly what she meant.

She stared into my eyes. “Everything.”

“I won’t stop,” I said. “Even if you’re right…it’s worth it.”

Iris sputtered. “What the hell gave you the idea I want you to stop? Feed it more, our cost is our strength. It defines who we are, moves us away from what elements of humanity hold us back.” 

I didn’t know about all that humanity crap, but Blood was who I was. I would never give it up, not for the world. 

“Why tell me all of this?” I breathed, mind racing with all the new information. 

“Well, Liz, I told you this was an audition.”

“An audition to what?” 

“The Guild.”

I snorted. “I don’t want to be in your guild. Too much politics, too little–” blood “–action.” 

“We have great dental?” Iris offered. 

I got up. “Am I free to leave?” *Or will I die here.* The implication in my question was clear.

“Killing you would be a horrible waste, Liz,” Iris said, hand over her heart. “We’re the future.”

“Didn’t stop you out there,” I said. 

Iris shrugged. “If that killed you, you weren’t a high-blood.”

“A what?”

“That’s my term for is, especially fitting for you, I guess. High-Blood. Royalty.”

“You’re insane,” I said and turned to leave. 

“Don’t be a stranger,” Iris called behind me, her gaze a physical weight on the nape of my neck.

Or perhaps she’d turned up the gravity in that range – I honestly wouldn’t put it past her.||
***
(War #6 up tomorrow, with exam and competition over for now, expect me to fall back into schedule.)
***
A character recap since it's been a while (sorry):

Liz: Main character. Power to control blood. 

Iris: Leader of the Council which is the leading board of the Guild which supposedly represents all mutts (people with powers). They have decent public support, because they stopped nuclear destruction of the world.  Can control gravity. 

Jon: Liz's old friend. Telekinetic

Diana: Council member, bone thin, white hair. Powers unknown. 

Peter: Council member. Able to open two connected portals at will.

Ray: Council "member." Has a collar around his neck. Powers unknown. 

Felix: Council member. Able to make force-fields, but has a much greater, unrevealed power.

***
**Present Day**

And then of course, *she* came, Iris. Her short dark hair fanned her chocolate colored skin and fell to her eyebrows. She wore a stylish winter coat, jeans, and fur boots. She flashed me a dazzling smile and put hands on her hips. “Well, well, well, Liz. This is a familiar scene isn’t it?”

“Yeah, it is,” I said. “And like last time, I’m leaving.”

Peter and Jon spoke at once. “We’re not going to run away!” Jon said at the same time Peter exclaimed, “You can’t let the run away!”

“We’re leaving, Jon,” I said, “come on.” 

I turned back to see Jon with his fists clenched. I just waited for him to bring up how the Guild had attacked me and they had no right and bla bla bla, but he didn’t. “You can’t just let them rule like this, Liz,” he said, almost too quiet to hear. 

“Let’s have this conversation outside, Jon,” I said through gritted teeth. 

Jon scowled. “So what? So you can go back to selling coffee? Pretending nothing is going on?” 

The world narrowed to just him and me, it was as if the council didn’t exist. “Yeah, Jon,” I said, moving closer to him and away from the forcefield surrounding us. “I am. I don’t want to fight your damn crusade.”

“Oh, so fighting for justice is a crusade?” he shot back. 

“Oh *shut up,*” I said and swiveled toward Iris who was looking at us with a slightly amused expression. “Iris, do you think you’re right?”

Iris smiled wider. “Of course, I am,” she said and spread her arms. “I seek to make this world a better place for us all.”

I inclined my head toward her and swiveled back to Jon. ‘You see?” I said. “She’s a narcissistic psychopath and she thinks she’s right!”

Iris laughed, and as always, it was a beautiful sound. A laugh of someone who had nothing to worry about, not in the middle of New York among the most powerful people in the world. It sent chills down my spine. 

*And I could be like her. I was like her. Iris was the only one who could even compete. The League, the rest of the Council, the world. None of them could stand up to me.* I turned to face the Council, standing in the snow as if they were the gods of the world. Thinking their petty powers have them the right to rule. A Goddess doesn’t rule from the shadows like the Guild did. The Guild was a spider, with web spanning the globe, strands running through every government. They subverted, threatened, and tricked. They had no real pow–

“Now you’re comparing me to *her*?” Jon demanded, and his voice shattered the hold the Blood had one me. What the hell had I been thinking? Not me. It wasn’t me. It was the damn Blood. Jon was looking at me, his head titled to the side. “You alright, Liz?” he asked, anger that had been there a moment ago melting into concern. 

Iris flashed me a knowing smile, she knew exactly what was going on, and she had given into it a long time ago, I’d imagine most the council except Ray had. 

“Are we free to go?” I asked Iris. None of this debate mattered if Iris wasn’t willing to let us go. And I wouldn’t blame her – we had broken into her home, burnt half of it down, and given her bad press. 

Iris held her hand to her heart as if offended. “Why of course you are, Liz, I would never dream of killing or harming another high-blood.”

“But you have no problem into putting them into corners so they can only really act in the way they want to,” I pointed. 

Iris shrugged one shoulder. “You make your choices, I make mine.”

I blinked, not really surprised, but still…taken aback. Iris always acted this way. To her there was a very clear ladder. Me and her were at the top, then the rest of the high-bloods like those in the council, and on and on, with humans and then animals. She believed in equality and freedom yes, but not for those below her. She saw humans as we saw animals. Not to be harmed without cause, but, well if it came down to it…

“Bye,” I said, not really able to think of anything else, then I began to turn to Jon. “Jon, let’s go, it’s not like we could’ve–” I froze. I’d turned away for only a second, and there was Diana, her smile a stretched canvas over her skull, with her hand on Jon. Jon for his part had gone completely still; I didn’t even think he was breathing. Diana, if she wanted, could kill with a touch. As long as she was touching someone, their life was in her hands. She’d described it to me once, she said it was like holding a butterfly by the wings. A single mistake, a twitch of a muscle and, that was it. 

“Diana,” I said, my voice iced over. I realized with a start that blood was pouring our my palms where my nails had dug in and was swirling around me in a furious storm, my own tornado. Everything in my life had changed again and again. My family, my powers, my friend, my wants, even me. But since Jon had entered it ten years ago, he’d remained constant. The same insufferable white knight attitude, the misguided goal that he was somehow responsible for the world. The only one I could have ever argued with like I just did without them either cowering in fear or trying to kill me. The humans viewed me as a monster, some mutts saw me as something to be feared, others saw me as competition. Iris thought I was her kindred spirit, but Jon saw me as just me, Liz.

I flicked my eyes away from Diana and saw Ray, his jaw clenched, and his narrowed. Not toward me, but Diana. He and Jon had been friends once. Would he help me? 

“Nice hospitality you have here, Iris,” I said. My voice was laced with a quiet lethality that I recognized was the Blood’s work, but at that point I didn’t care. I would drown in it, even do the thing I’d swore I’ never do again, if it meant Jon and I would walk out of here alive. 

“No one is stopping you, Liz,” Iris said, her smile gone. “The Guild has standing orders not a touch a hair on your head, and I stand by that–”

“This is pathetic, Iris,” I snarled. Iris was usually better than this. “Now you’re just plain lying. The Guild started this all by sending a thug to my coffee shop!”

Iris frowned. “I–”

Ray moved just as Felix turned to shout. “He’s moving!” I saw Peter reach into his pocket. Slow, too slow. Drunk on blood as I was I’d launched a dozen needles at Peter even as his hand reached inside. His eyes widened, and he focused completely on the blood, pocket forgotten for a moment. A portal appeared in front of my needles, and I dissolved them into liquid so I wouldn’t have to worry about them moving. 

Diana whirled around, shocked, and for a moment her hand left Jon’s. 

And Ray’s had touched Jon. Peter dug into his pocket and pressed a button. Ray convulsed and fell on the ground, his collar emitting a red light. Shocked. Not dead. He was worth too much to be killed. 

The whole thing had taken maybe two seconds.

Jon grinned and before Diana could so much as flick her wrist back, she was thrown backward by an invisible force. Immediately, a portal opened behind her and another above the ground and she landed in the snowdrift before she had built up any serious momentum. 

I began to move toward Jon, but a heavy weight hit my shoulders, as if the whole world were pressing down on my shoulders, but before I could even really process it, it was gone. I looked to Iris who shook her head. The message was clear. Let them fight. 

I gritted my teeth, but nodded. No need to antagonize her right now. There was only one thing I could do to beat her, but to do it would be surrendering to the blood completely and I wasn’t ready to that yet, not when Jon clearly had a chance. 

Ray had no powers of his own, but he was in some ways the most powerful of us all. A single touch by him, and a human would gain meager powers for a handful of minutes. he enhanced mutts too. A strength mutt touched by him could lift buildings, a strong one like Jon could go toe to toe with the council for a precious few minutes. 

Council members? Well they became bonafide gods, able to bend the world to their will.  

I would know. I’d felt what it was like.||
***

**9 years Ago** 

The NYU kid stared at me, his pale face splattered with blood. “Y-you,” he began. 

This one was dangerous. Standing up to people like me…it sent the wrong message, even if he had helped me this time. 

I darted a look back to Jenna, who lay on the sidewalk. There were 3 gaping holes where her face had been, and brains and blood splattered her once beautiful, long beautiful hair. She didn’t look like some great Council Member who’d changed the course of mankind. She was just a sack of blood. Weak. Useless. 

I turned back to the kid. Lots of witnesses, killing him was right out. Jenna had instigated the fight in the middle of the City. She wouldn’t have been punished if she had killed me – gods don’t do well in jail – but I certainly couldn’t be for defending myself. And if they tried to…well, it’d be fun. No use encouraging them though – best to send a message. 

I called the blood on the kid’s face, and the peeled off him like a second layer of skin. I let it hover in front of him so everyone could see it – a replica of the contours of his face – before letting it fall on top of Jenna’s body. The kid flinched. Everyone else stared at me with bloodless faces.  I needed to say something. 

I opened my mouth. 

A car screeched to a halt by the sidewalk. It was like a spell being broken. We had stood in almost pin-drop silence the last two minutes after Jenna had fallen, and a simple screeching of tires upset all that. Some people ran, other screamed, most started talking amongst themselves or pulling out cameras. 

“Get the fuck in!” I peered at the black car to find Jon in the driver’s seat. He looked pissed. 

I looked away for a second to gauge the crowd, but the awe and fear was gone, replaced by curiosity, for now at least. I’d lost the moment. Swearing, I went to the other side and got into the car. Before I’d even shut the door, the car lurched forward pressing me back against the seat. 

“What the fuck are you doing here, Jon?” I snarled. 

“What does it look like, Liz? Saving your ass!” The car lurched as Jon turned left on a red light. A cabbie cursed at us, but Jon paid no mind. 

“I had a moment going! I was going to speak to them!”

Jon took his eyes of the road for a moment to spare me an incredulous glance. “What the hell are you talking about, Liz?”

“I–” I frowned. What had I been going to say? Why had I been meaning to say it?

Another sharp turn. Jon was driving like a maniac. “Okay, forget about that for a moment, what the hell did you do at the Guild?”

At that I allowed myself a small smile. “I did tell you I could take them.”

“Dammit, Liz! You’ve killed a *Council Member.* You realize what that means?” 

“That I’m one of the most powerful people in the world?” 

“The Guild isn’t going to just to you walk away. Your life is finished,” Jon said, shaking his head. “You’ll run until you’re dead.”

“I won’t be running, Jon, I’ll just kill them.”

“You realize you have to sleep, Liz? And go out and get groceries? They don’t need to send a Council member, they just need to post a sniper at your door.”

“I had my blood mask on the whole time,” I said. Speaking of, I the blood armor crumpled around me and landed in flakes around the car.”

“You’re cleaning that up,” Jon said. 

I rolled my eyes. “The only people who saw me were, well, the Council.”

“Well that’s good at least,” he said. “You killed the one who did see you without a mask.”

“Well…”

Jon turned again, nearly killing a pedestrian who Jon pushed out the way with his power. “I don’t like that tone in your voice…”

I rubbed my hands over my face. Now that the battle was over, and my nerves had quieted down, I could think more clearly. “The whole job was a setup, Jon. I got there, and the Council was waiting for me.”

Jon said nothing, just gripped the wheel tighter. 

“They wanted to talk to me,” I said. 

“About?”

*About how Blood is changing me as a person. About how I’m some next stage of human evolution.* “Do you get tired when you use your powers, Jon?”

Jon frowned. “Yeah, of course. I’m better at it, but it’s like a muscle. Use it a lot and it gets tired. Sleeping or eating helps.”

I bit my lip. “And you don’t feel any…different when using your powers?”

“Of course not,” Jon looked at me sharply. “What the hell did they–”

There was a crunch as the car’s ceiling crumpled inward and there was a whine of metal against asphalt. My head felt like it was going to explode. Skidding, rolling, a loud bang. Whiteness. 

I opened my eyes. No, my eyes were already opened. What the hell was I looking at? Some sort of…balloon? And why was my neck so uncomfortable? The car door opened and sunlight streamed in. I cocked my head at it – there was something wrong with my perspective, I knew it. 

Ah. I was upside down. The car was upside down. 

I felt ridiculously happy at figuring that out as strong hands grabbed me and pulled me out of the car. My body protested – I felt like I’d been beaten with a bag of razor-studded potatoes. I slumped against whoever had rescued me. I looked up. Jon. His face was a mask of concern and blood trailed down his side. “My hero,” I slurred.

“Liz,” he said, “you alright?”

“You’re an awful driver,” I said, smiling. 

“That wasn’t my driving – look,” he said, shaking his head. “Draw Blood?”

Blood. That word got through the fog in my mind. “No,” I said. “Blood makes my loopy.”

“Liz,” Jon sunk as much steel as he could into his voice. “You’re in shock and you have a concussion, it doesn’t get loopier than this.” There was a storm beyond his eyes. “Draw. Blood.”

Fine. There was a wound on my forehead. I summoned my blood and immediately there was a sharp pain in my head, as the fog vanished, blown away. I blinked. Once, twice. 

I realized I was slumped against Jon. 

I pushed him away. “What the fuck, Jon?”

He raised his hands up in surrender. 

“You’re a maniac! Driving like that, it was only a matter of god damn time!” Unluckily, though my head was alright now, thanks to Blood, the memory was still there. ‘My hero’ I’d said. I felt my cheeks heat up just thinking about it. 

“It wasn’t me, Liz,” he said. “It was her.”

Both of us turned around to see Iris standing on the sidewalk. 

“Fancy seeing all you here,” she said, as if she were making small talk. I moved ahead and put Jon behind me. The blood inside the car and on me and Jon swirled around me, ready to act. Iris shook her head, and there was a sudden weight on my shoulders – only for a moment – and I was on my knees. “I can crush you like gnat, please don’t make me do that.”

I gritted my teeth. I wanted to rip into her with Blood, whatever the consequences, but Jon was here. I couldn’t let him die. “What do you want, Iris?”

“You killed a member of the Council.”

“It was self-defense,” I said. 

“You misunderstand,” Iris smiled. “That was praise, not accusation.”

Oh. “Well…thank you. Jon will send you the bill for the car.”

Iris laughed. “You *are* young,” she said almost wistfully. “No, I’m afraid, that whereas praise is due, I do have an image to maintain.”

My heartbeat quickened. We were going to die after all. There was nothing I could do. Nothing. She could crush me when she wanted, and blood wouldn’t make it through her if she increased the gravity between us. Behind me, Jon gulped and squeezed my shoulder, through blood armor and all. 

“I require a new Council member,” Iris said. 

I blinked. 

“I will leak that it was I who had ordered the hit. It is widely known that Jenna was the weakest of us.” She shrugged.  “It would make sense that I wanted her eliminated.”

“You want Liz on your council then?” Jon sneered.

“Shut up,” Iris said, her voice loaded with so much venom that I flinched. “I didn’t ask your opinion, *mutt.*” She turned back to me. “I require that you become the Council Member or find someone else suitable to replace Jenna.”

“I won’t be on your Council.”

Iris grinned. “I thought you wouldn’t. That’s why I have taken the liberty to choose a target…”||
***

**Recap**

**The Catalyst**: Thug’s show up at MC’s bar. MC’s friends take revenge, get in trouble, MC must help. 

**Characters:** 

Liz: Main character. Power to control blood. Suffers personality fluctuations the more she uses her powers. 

Iris: Megalomaniac. Can control gravity. Convinced she and Liz are next steps of evolution. Single most powerful person in the story so far. 

Jon: Liz's old friend. Hates the Guild. Telekinetic

Diana: Council member, bone thin, white hair. Kills anyone she touches. 

Peter: Council member. Able to open two connected portals at will.

Ray: Council "member," has a collar to electrocute him if needed. Able to greatly enhance any one person’s powers. Despises Liz, friends with Jon. 

Felix: Council member. Blind. Able to make force-fields, but has a much greater, unrevealed power.

**History/Concept:** 

There exist “mutts” in our world, people with superhuman abilities (Control gravity, make forcefields, telekinesis etc). At the height of the Cold War, 5 mutts stopped every single warhead that was launched, effectively saving the world. These 5, the Council, founded the League. The League is an autonomous organization with its tentacles in just about every major government, company, etc. The League is right along with world superpowers as contenders on the global scene. The League enjoys great public support for, you know, stopping Armageddon. 

**Plot so far:** 

The Present: The League sent a bruiser to a bar run by our MC, Liz. She’s an incredibly powerful mutt, but in self-imposed retirement. She’s unharmed, but her friends, namely Jon go to the local league office to exact revenge. Problem is, the Council happens to be in town when this happens. There is fighting and such, and where our part starts off is when one of the (new) Council Members, Ray, given Jon a boost. Iris wants to watch and forces Liz to do so as well. They fighters are trapped by a forcefield made by Felix.  

The Past: Liz is overconfident, cocky, and generally bloodthirsty. She loves using her powers and is damn good at it. She attracts the attention of the Council. The Council Leader, Iris, tells Liz that she’s no ordinary mutt. Liz discovers that using her powers is warping her as a person. There is a later fight, and Liz kills one of the original Council Members. Iris tasks Liz with either becoming a Council member herself or find a new one. (The new one, we see in the present, is Ray.) Something happens between Past and Present so that Liz ends up retired, unwilling to use Blood again. 

Now for the Story…
***
**Present Day**

Ray lay unconscious in the snow, and as I watched, in the faint blue light of the forcefield, his collar broke in two and fell into the snow. Jon stood over his body as if to protect him. Diana got out of the snowdrift she’d landed in and Peter reloaded his gun. Felix stayed behind them. I couldn’t help but grit my teeth. Jon didn’t have *time* to got on the defensive. In a few minutes, Ray’s boost would run out and the Council would rip Jon apart. 

Not that he was invincible now. Powers or not, Iris could snap every bone in his body any time she wanted. But Iris did nothing but maintain a slight weight on the nape of my neck – a constant reminder not to interfere. 

Jon seemed to realize that his position was losing one, he sliced his arm toward Peter – completely unnecessary move, his powers didn’t require any hand movements – and Felix shouted: “Peter! Wait, no–”

Peter braced himself, but it was Diana who was thrown backward against the Guild building.  She hit the wall with a sickening crunch and slid down to the ground her body limp. I almost cheered – a simple but effective bluff.

Peter swore and fired at Jon. I watched, helpless, as the bullets got close to him, a portal appeared in front of them and the bullets suddenly appeared over Jon’s head. I could picture it in my head – A cry of pain and puff of snow and it would be over.  Enhanced powers or not, his reaction time was the same – Jon wouldn’t be able to stop the bullets. 

But he did. 

The bullets came out of the portal over his head and got deflected as if they hit an invisible wall. 

“He’s running!” Felix screamed. As I watched, Jon ran toward where Felix and Peter were. The snow around his feet moved away from his feet as they landed, and I realized what Jon was doing. He was keeping a constant telekinetic pressure around him. He didn’t need to react to anything, he had his own personal deflecting armor. 

The ground under Jon turned purple and he fell with a yelp. I looked up, and sure enough, Jon was falling from 30 feet in the air. Peter’s portals. This time, Jon didn’t even fall, he just stopped midair and hung, motionless. His own powers countering gravity. 

Peter fired at Jon in a panic but none of the bullets hit him, deflected by Jon’s telekinetic armor. 

A stop sign flew toward Peter, ready to impale him, but a portal sent the sign right back at Jon which he avoided by letting himself fall back on the ground. He couldn’t have more than a minute left. 

Desperate, Jon threw whatever he could find. Small debris, a couple signs, heaps of snow. Each time, Peter let the projectiles go through his portal and emerge harmlessly behind him. The sky became a blaze of purple as portals popped in and out of existence. A piece of rubble came out behind Jon, another above him, some just missed Peter entirely. Still, Jon didn’t relent, keeping his barrage, reusing stuff he’d already thrown. 

“Felix?” Peter said, his voice quivering. 

“The building’s shaking,” Peter said, his voice almost ethereal in the faint blue glow of his forcefield. Felix was blind, but inside his forcefields, he was a god. He was literally omniscient. He knew every shift of the air, movement of a muscle, changes even in voltage. He could know pretty much everything but other powers and people’s thoughts. 

As we watched, there was a massive crack and the scream of tortured metal. The building shook and then just…came apart. It was like someone had frozen an explosion a fraction a second after it happened. The building blew into smithereens, but the pieces didn’t fly out, they hung there for a moment, held by Jon.  

The pieces, ranging in size from the size of a car to a desk, streamed away and revolved around Jon, his own personal asteroid field. They stopped and all changed angles. Stairs and kitchen sinks alike pointed at a terrified Peter. Felix too only stared open mouthily at the awesome display of sheer, raw power.  Peter couldn’t stop them all and Felix could only watch as he got crushed.

The debris fell.

“That’s enough,” Iris said. 

The projectiles, which had been streaking toward a white-faced Peter, just stopped. They hung in the midair, straining against some invisible force keeping them back like dogs trying to test their leashes. 

Unpowered, Iris shut down Jon’s masterstroke. There was no other real debris to be had, nothing else Jon could throw. As I watched, the projectiles Jon had thrown gained an inch before stopping again. Anyways, he couldn’t have more than 15 seconds left of Ray’s boost. Iris just had to stalemate him. 

But she’d forgotten me. 

Iris could control gravity in one are at a time. She could control the gravity of an entire room at once, but not the 2 ends of the room without controlling the middle. And so, the only way Iris could pin down both me and Jon was to also endanger the rest of the council. 

“The Blood Woman is running,” Felix shouted. 

“I’m aware,” Iris shot back through gritted teeth, and I made it unharmed to where Ray lay. 

Less than 10 seconds before Jon would run out. There was only one way we could stand a chance, and that was with Ray boosting me.

“Ray!” I hissed, but he didn’t stir. I didn’t have any time to be subtle. I took an armful of snow and shoved it in his face. Immediately, Ray cursed and coughed, wiping the snow off his face…only to come face to face with me. He flinched. 

“Ray,” I said. “I know we’ve –” *had a complex past.*

Ray felt his collarless neck and spoke. “We’re even now,” he said, cutting me off. “You got me in, you got me out.” 

I nodded and reached out my hand for him to touch. 

“Liz you know the last time…” he trailed off. Of course, I remembered the last time I’d used my powers with Ray’s influence. It had ended with me giving up my powers for just under a decade. 

“I know,” I said, and there must’ve been something in my voice because Ray didn’t argue further. He just touched me. 

Everything went red for a moment and my blood felt like it was boiling. My world was pain and red for an eternity. 

Then I opened my eyes just in time to see Jon collapse in a snowdrift, spent. The pieces of the building landed lightly on the ground, as if placed by some gentle giant. Iris. 

I was in blood armor – I didn’t even remember putting it on, and I knew Ray’s trick had worked. Blood usually enhanced my senses a bit, but this was just something else. I could feel each pulse of my heart, each flake of snow, could make out their bloodless faces. I could sense blood too. Everywhere. On the ground, on the snow, on the walls of the building. And inside people. Ray’s power eliminated the last limit of my power – no longer was the blood of the living out of my control. 

The Council still left standing were gaping at me. Wide eyes, open mouths. Even Iris took a step back. They were afraid. 

I cackled. As they should be.**Part 3**
***
The look on her face made it all worth it already.

She was a rare specimen among humans. In a better age, men would have built a temple around her. Nevertheless, she was their de-facto leader, speaking for the entire human race. Her reactions in the interrogation chamber had even me convinced, and *I* had known the plan. She wore emotions like masks, personalities like costumes. 

And it all lay shattered now.

She stood before me, aghast, with no mask to protect her. I had debated not killing the captain, she had obviously seemed attached to him in some way, but decided against it. I wanted to see her truly off-balance, her true face. And that might not have happened even when she realized she had escorted the Devil himself to her doorstep. No I had needed a…personal touch to ensure I could see her true face. 

“Use your words, Madame Chair, put your game face on. Can’t have me thinking you actually have emotions can you?” I cackled. It seemed the appropriate thing to do.

She looked back at the dead Captain, still stunned, and turned back to me. For a moment I thought I saw her eyes water a bit, but dismissed the thought outright. Off-balance she may be, but she would never lose so much control as to cry from what I had seen of her so far. 

Finally she turned back to me. Her face flickered through emotions, despair, hopelessness, and then anger. She lingered on anger a shade longer than the rest, and then settled back under her mask, a stony impassiveness. 

“Liar.” She said simply. 

I *tsked* at her. “Now, now, what reason could I possibly have to lie?”

Her mouth thinned into a line, a betrayal of emotion that never would have happened had she not been so thoroughly off-balance, “To intimidate us, make us surrender, to trick us, you get the idea.”

I laughed, “What did you expect Madame Chair, that I would be some 30 foot tall giant with massive horns, bulging muscles, and scaly wings? God,” I said the word in defiance, “you humans love your stereotypes.”

“You killed your own demons then, in cold blood? They would have recognized you.”

“You think I thought twice before killing those worthless things? Come on now, you would do the same for a much smaller advantage than what I gained here. Plus, most demons do in fact know me as the 30 foot tall monster I just described.” I changed into a hideous monstrosity to demonstrate the point. Not 30 feet tall, just normal height, wouldn’t want the sentries spotting me. 

Her face paled, but she showed no other reaction, firmly back in control of herself. I turned back into my normal form and smiled at her. 

“Alright, I think you have proven your point well enough, demon,” she said calmly. 

I smiled. Despite facing the very head of the demons, a fallen archangel, she still had the courage to give me lip, not calling me by my name. She smiled, telling this was no accident, and continued, “You want something, clearly. Else, I would likely be dead, my head burned away or my throat slit. So I would appreciate you getting to the point or killing me. Anything but this conversation really.”

Oh yes she would do. If anyone else could help me do it, it would be her. “I really don’t think you’re in much of a position to make any demands, Madame Chair. We are at this point in the middle of hell, only a mile or two away from your strike base in the middle of mobilization who have no idea that I am here.”

She smiled. Actually smiled. Wow, that was impressive considering her dead companions and, well, me.

“Then go ahead, by all means. Kill me, disrupt the op, slaughter the entire camp. We have the location of the facility now, one way or another we will take it, it’s only a matter of time. We have millions of people ready to defend their species. Seriously, this must be the only war in history with no protests against it, *none.* Who wouldn’t want to fight the very embodiment of evil? We have higher enlistment than we would have had we instituted a draft.”

I fumed on the inside. Not off-balance enough. She was right of course, I could perhaps kill half of the camp with relative ease. But I was still alone, one archangel, but one nonetheless. And this base was barely a hundredth of a hundredth of the mass of their full force. They bred like mice, and their technology gave even their lowest soldiers power equal to lesser demons. We would lose this war ultimately, there was no doubt about that.

So I turned to her, her face genuinely smug, and sighed theatrically. “I-“

She *interrupted* me. I can’t remember the last time someone had done that.    

“Oh please,” she said, waving her hand dismissively, “Don’t insult my intelligence with this acting, you and I are cut of the same crop, the least we can do is be genuine to each other.”

I debated killing her then, seriously. Damn the consequences to heaven. I controlled myself though, just as a hint of fire began to appear at my fingertips. I thought I saw a ghost of a smirk on her face when she noticed my fingers twitching, but that might have just been my imagination. 

Nonetheless, I needed her. The humans would never seek parley if I killed their beloved leader, they would hunt us to the last of us. And more importantly, I could use her, though it was becoming increasingly apparent she would not be used as a pawn. 

My last resort then, the truth. “We can’t win,” I said simply, “We underestimated your numbers, your technology, and paid dearly for it. Your victory will be a long-time coming, but it will. This is inevitable if the war goes on.”

She frowned. “You know for the devil, you’re not very good at negotiating. If you’re going to lose, why should we have any sort of negotiation?”

It was my turn to smile. “Oh please,” I said mimicking her earlier inflection, “Don’t insult my intelligence with this acting, you and I are cut of the same crop, the least we can do is be genuine to each other.” She stiffened a bit at that, and I bore on, “I know your kind, trust me. I don’t talk to most humans hat come here to hell, but I make a point to talk to the "great" leaders that come here. They all want one thing, immortality.”

She frowned, not understanding. 

“Immortalized in history,” I explained, “you want to appear in your tomes for millennia like that Napoleon fellow, or even that Hitler guy. Often, you do not care for wealth, or even in extreme circumstances, yourself. That’s why I haven’t bothered threatening to kill you by the way. You die at the hands of the devil himself, you become the greatest human hero of all time. You would love it.”  

Her face betrayed no emotion, but I knew I was right.

“And if you win here, kill us all, celebrate your victory, yada, yada, yada, you know as well as I that the cost would be too high. When creatures fight for their very lives they fight with tooth and nail. You may exterminate us, but you will see loss of life at a scale you have never even imagined. The old and the young will hate you for sending their loved ones to fight a war that no longer needs to be fought. You say people join your army freely, but that’s when *you* were fighting to survive, now you fight to conquer. And while greed is a strong emotion, it does not surpass survival. If you win, you will be seen in history as a fool who over extended.”

We stood then, two titans, facing each other, our cards laid out on the table. Two beings that wielded immense power, power enough to conquer the universe. 

“So back to my original question,” she said, breaking the silence, “What do you want?”

“Do you know why we invaded you, Madame Chair?”

She frowned. “Resources, reaping souls? Who cares? You were demons,” she said with feigned ignorance, but her eyes narrowed ever so slightly; she was intrigued.

“We wanted slaves, bluntly put, we wanted bodies to throw at the fortress to begin our assault. The dead wouldn’t do it of course, they hated us and were already dead. But after we had won-” 

“That’s funny,” she interrupted, laughing, “you thought you would win.”

I pointedly ignored her, “We would have enslaved the survivors and put them to work. But I realize now we had been fools.  It is much better to have willing allies join our attack.”

“I’m sorry,” she said, frowning, “attack on what?”

I grinned, a maniac’s grin, the grin of Lucifer, the grin of a fallen archangel, the grin of the Devil. 

“Attack the gates of heaven itself, of course.”There’s something to be said about nostalgia.

I wandered around Washington Square Park. The center fountain was just as I remembered it, people crowding around it to watch some street artist juggling…were those iPad’s? All while deftly weaving through the streams of water. Students dazed on benches, others had laptops out, and most others were just talking to their friends. Others were dressed in formal wear heading for their jobs. Some asshole weaved through the crowd in his electrical skateboard. 

I’d spent 4 years in and around this park, the college campus – it had molded me into the man I am today. And now I was back from the other side of the country. Why?

Well, officially, I was here to meet with the representative from some company or the other – honestly, I really didn’t care. But I’d been having these dreams for the past week, crazy dreams, insane dreams. From dragons to spaceships to cruises through the solar system and the Atlantic. But one thing was common: Edith. 

My first, well, everything. College friend, lover, girlfriend, confidant, whatever. Words weren’t enough to describe what we had together. Right up until she had just ghosted me after we graduated, no texts, no calls no anything. It took me years to get over it, to get my life back together. 

So, I was understandably upset when 7 years after last seeing her, she started to appear in my dreams. This was, I hoped, therapy. A round trip paid for by my office was cheaper than paying insurance premiums at every psychiatric session. 

So far it wasn’t work-

There. There she was. I found I wasn't really surprised. It was as if I knew I'd find here here. Long red hair down to the middle of her back, long legs, and that confidant stride, hell, even her dressing style hadn’t changed – jeans and a black tank top. Before I even realized what I was doing, I’d called her name. 

She whirled towards me. 

Our eyes met. 

Her emerald eyes went wide, and she took a step back and froze, like a deer caught in headlights. I gave her what I hoped was a casual, noncommittal smile. Despite the motions warring within e, it was important to not scare her away. Not again. 

I put my hands in my pockets so that she wouldn’t see them shaking and walked over to her. She didn’t run away.

***

We were in a coffee shop making small talk and sneaking looks at each other when we thought the other wasn’t looking. God, I wanted to shake her, to demand why the hell she’d left, and I wanted to kiss her – I didn’t really know which. And here we were talking about the *weather.*

“You’ve been in my dreams for the past 2 weeks,” I blurted. 

Oh. My. God. Did I just say that? I was acting like a flustered teen out on my first date. 

What’s even worse was that Edith had gone completely still – rigid even. 

I tried to salvage the situation. “I mean, I just think it’s funny, the first time I think of you in years, and BOOM! Here you are,” I laughed a bit to lighten the mood. God, I was pathetic. 

Edith was still looking at me with eyes. I debating just getting up and running the hell away, but whatever trance Edith was in seemed to snap. “I, uh, huh. What are the odds yeah?”

I really should’ve dropped it there, but something in me was just determined to keep digging into this. “Yeah, and the dreams were so vivid! Just on the plane we were playing Melee together, and like always, you won.”

At that Edith did laugh, “Aww don’t feel so bad, your Fox game just can’t keep up with my Marth.”

Both of us froze. That was the exact match we’d had in our dream. The same characters. I might have dismissed it for a coincidence if it weren’t for Edith’s reaction.  She looked absolutely stricken, here eyes wide and her muscles rigid. 

“Edith…?”

She started to get up by I grabbed her arm. “Edith,” I pleaded, “please. Not again.”

She struggled for a moment, and I could see the emotions fighting in her head. Then, she closed her eyes and sighed. “The…the reason I left you James, the reason I have to leave you now…I can’t really tell you much, but I work for this company called PsyCorp.”

It was my turn to get up suddenly. So much so that the chair fell down behind me. “You’re here to meet a representative, aren’t you? You were told he’d call you?”
	
Edith could only gape as I took out my phone and dialed the number I was told to call. Her phone rang.**Recap** 

**The Catalyst**: Thug’s show up at MC’s bar. MC’s friends take revenge, get in trouble, MC must help. 

**Characters:** 

Liz: Main character. Power to control blood. Suffers personality fluctuations the more she uses her powers. 

Iris: Megalomaniac. Can control gravity. Convinced she and Liz are next steps of evolution. Single most powerful person in the story so far. 

Jon: Liz's old friend. Hates the Guild. Telekinetic

Diana: Council member, bone thin, white hair. Kills anyone she touches. 

Peter: Council member. Able to open two connected portals at will.

Ray: Council "member," has a collar to electrocute him if needed. Able to greatly enhance any one person’s powers. Despises Liz, friends with Jon. 

Felix: Council member. Blind. Able to make force-fields, and is omniscient within the forcefields. 

**History/Concept:** 

There exist “mutts” in our world, people with superhuman abilities (Control gravity, make forcefields, telekinesis etc). At the height of the Cold War, 5 mutts stopped every single warhead that was launched, effectively saving the world. These 5, the Council, founded the League. The League is an autonomous organization with its tentacles in just about every major government, company, etc. The League is right along with world superpowers as contenders on the global scene. The League enjoys great public support for, you know, stopping Armageddon. 

**Plot so far:** 
The Past: Liz is overconfident, cocky, and generally bloodthirsty. She loves using her powers and is damn good at it. She attracts the attention of the Council. The Council Leader, Iris, tells Liz that she’s no ordinary mutt. Liz discovers that using her powers is warping her as a person. There is a later fight, and Liz kills one of the original Council Members. Iris tasks Liz with either becoming a Council member herself or find a new one. (The new one, we see in the present, is Ray.) Liz kidnaps Ray, and tricks him into thinking the council will kill him – the only way out is for him to help her. Liz gets to the council building, but instead of Iris she finds an army. Boosted, Liz is able to control blood inside people and kills them all with a single stroke. Iris records this and news all over the world broadcast the Crimson Lady’s massacre. Liz doesn’t find Iris before Ray’s boost runs out – she’s given a choice – embrace this side of her or go back as she was. This time, Liz chooses to go back, and vows to not use her powers again. She keeps the promise for 9 years.


The Present: The League sent a bruiser to a bar run by our MC, Liz. She’s an incredibly powerful mutt, but in self-imposed retirement. She’s unharmed, but her friends, namely Jon go to the local league office to exact revenge. Problem is, the Council happens to be in town when this happens. There is fighting and such, and where our part starts off is when one of the (new) Council Members, Ray, given Jon a boost. Iris wants to watch and forces Liz to do so as well. They fighters are trapped by a forcefield made by Felix. Jon incapacitates Diana for the brief time he has a boost, but Iris stops him from doing more damage. However, this allows Liz to go to Ray to boost her own powers.

Now for the End…

***

I was in blood armor – I didn’t even remember putting it on, and I knew Ray’s trick had worked. Blood usually enhanced my senses a bit, but this was just something else. I could feel each pulse of my heart, each flake of snow, could make out their bloodless faces. I could sense blood too. Everywhere. On the ground, on the snow, on the walls of the building. And inside people. Ray’s power eliminated the last limit of my power – no longer was the blood of the living out of my control. 

The Council still left standing were gaping at me. Wide eyes, open mouths. Even Iris took a step back. They’d seen the news 9 years ago. They knew what I could do. They were afraid.

I cackled. As they should be.

Almost immediately I felt the familiar pressure of Iris’s damned gravity on my shoulders, but I was ready. I focused on Iris, whose shocked expression has faded into that all familiar smile she always wore and slowed her blood – nothing to do any long term damage, but she felt it. It would be a contest – could she crush me like a gnat or would I rip her apart from the inside out. It didn’t come down to power, it came down to reflex – a 50/50, and none of us wanted to take that chance. Iris inclined her head but kept a slight pressure on my shoulders. I nodded back and kept a clutch on her blood – an understanding. 

Iris said something to Felix that I don’t catch, but he’d never get to act on it – I reached out and their blood responded. It’s eager to listen, to obey. Finally, its real master called. 

Back when I’d had this power the first time, I’d stopped their blood, but I realized there was no need for that – there was a far more direct solution. I held their blood and hardened it into spikes. 

Only Felix had time to scream. 

His eyes widened and he opened his mouth before red thorns poked out of every inch of his body – arms, legs, heart, tongue. Everything. It was as if he’d been shot by a thousand blow darts at once. He collapsed to the ground. 

Peter didn’t even have time to realize what was going on. He was impaled from the inside out. He fell forward, driving the spikes back into him, and his back oozed blood in a river. Diana was actually still alive. Huh. I thought Jon had killed her. 

No matter. Diana’s eyes snapped open as her blood turned against her. She died instantly, her eyelids were wide open with shards of blood sticking out of her pupils. 

And just like that, it ended. 3 members of the Council were dead. Long live the Council. 

Clapping. 

Iris was clapping, moving toward me. I was painfully aware of how much time I had left – 4 minutes and I’d lose my power and be Iris’s mercy once more. I had to commit before that. 

“Well done, Liz,” Iris said and inclined her head. “Congrats on killing some of the most powerful people in the world.”

I circled her, tugging at her blood. Would Iris have time to react if I did to her what I did to the rest of the Council? I just didn’t know. 

“What’s the plan now, Iris?” I asked. 

“Well, I should be the one asking you that question, Liz,” she said, her voice like that of some news reporter, “you’ve just culled the council, what will you do next?”

What would I do next? Go back to the bar? No, I couldn’t do that again. I couldn’t give this up again. 

It was at this point that Felix’s shield disappeared. Had he actually been alive that whole time, or had some other force powered it? I didn’t get long to ponder the question as an avalanche of sound hit me like a physical wall. Around us there was a huge crowd of police and military, even some tanks. Helicopters hovered above the buildings, casting spotlights on us. 

For a moment, there was no noise except for the spinning of the rotors as everyone took in the scene. Iris and I facing one another – me in that infamous blood armor. The bloody messes that had once been Diana, Peter, and Felix. Ray and Jon lying motionless on the ground. I reached out to them with blood and felt their blood moving. Alive, both of them. 

“This is Guild business,” Iris shouted over the roar of the helicopters. “The United States government will *not* interfere.”

A silence, followed by a soldier stepping forward from the crowd around us, an old man with a severe face. “This wanton destruction is a clear violation of the treaty.”

Iris pinched the bridge of her nose. “All deaths and damage were constrained to Guild territory.”

“The property values of the surrounding areas are damaged. It frightens citizens, many will move.”

What the hell? Was he saying our fighting was damaging property taxes?

Iris’s voice turned cold. “What are you really saying…whoever you are,” she snarled. She spoke as if she were speaking to dirt. She’d played, tricked, and threatened me, but never had Iris ever talked to me like that, like a dog. 

“General Tully,” the man said, lifting his head. “We’ve had enough of the Guild and the Council. Your leadership is dead” he said, gesturing to the dead bodies. “We will cut the head off the snake.”

Iris rolled her eyes. “Is the United States declaring war on the Guild?” she asked. 

The man, General Tully, hesitated then phrased his words very carefully. “I do not represent the interests of the United States government.” He paused. “I’m acting in what I think is the country’s best interests.”

Ah. No accountability. A rogue agent – the country would make an example out of him. Sure they might face sanctions, but it wouldn’t be war. And the Council lived off the influence it gained when it saved the world from nuclear Armageddon that night. Now the rest were dead, and Iris was the last link. Without her, the Guild would be done. 

“What about me?” I yelled out. 

Tully turned to me. His face wasn’t cold and calculated. His blood pressure was high, his teeth were gritted. I maniac. “I don’t think you make it out of the resulting crossfire, mutt.”

I laughed. Iris cracked a smile. 

“Surrender,” Tully said, his face red. 

“So, Liz,” Iris said to me out the corner of her mouth. “Decide” 

Iris’ power acted on a continuous plane. To get people on all sides of us she’d have to depress gravity all around her – no one except her would be exempt – she couldn’t make “holes” with normal gravity. So to get people on all sides, she’d have to use gravity on me too. 

Again, I debated killing her, but it was too much of a chance. I wanted to live more than I wanted to kill her. 

“I’ll get Tully’s side,” I said. 

Iris smiled. 

Iris turned around to face the back, still keeping the weight on my shoulders just as I kept a tug on her blood – both of us had knives on each other’s throats. 

“Face me, you–”

He exploded in a shower of blood. 

Silence for a moment. People gaped at the remnants of the corpse that had been Tully. It cost them.

It cost them. 

Tully’s Blade became a scythe. I cut through the closest soldiers. Still others started to exploding in showers like Tully. A few actually managed to fire at me, but I’d already pulled the blood of the Council to me, using it as a massive shield catching the gunfire. Behind me there was a massive crunch as Iris presumably crushed an army. There was a scream of tortured metal, and I spent a fraction of second turning around – just in time to see three helicopters plummet to the ground, on top the soldiers. 

A hail of gunfire reached Iris and just…fell to the ground, they couldn’t touch her. The sheer force required to bring bullets down that quickly…

A hail of bullets struck my armor, jolting me back to my own fight. The helicopters’ bullets were high enough caliber that some made it through the large shield. Almost casually, I reached out to the blood of the helicopter pilot – I could sense the blood of everyone in a half-mile radius at this point – and ripped it out of his body. The helicopter careened to the side and off, followed by a distant explosion as it crashed, presumably into some building. 

It went like that. 

I plucked life out of every soul nearby, whether they fired or not. I could feel the blood sacks – that all they were really, containers of blood – on the windows sniping at us, but they weren’t really hurting either of us. I didn’t want to kill any civilians – that would look bad. 

Behind me Iris crushed, smothered, and destroyed. I pulled, pushed, and ripped out. 

It was over in minutes. 

Ray and Jon had awoken a couple minutes ago – I’d seen them move and sit up, just in time to watch the end of the carnage, but they didn’t matter right now. 

I faced Iris. 

Behind her men and metal alike lay discarded like pieces of trash on the street. As I watched there was a crack and a clatter. A sniper bullet had fallen to the ground a foot next to her. 

“Don’t get closer, Liz,” iris said in an almost bored voice, “you’ll get crushed by the gravitational shield around me.”

“Liz…” a voice said, and I turned to find Jon gaping at the bloody mush that was once a group of soldiers. Something in his voice, snapped me back to reality. Meat sacks. I was referring to people as meat sacks. Jon didn’t matter? Of course he mattered. Again, I was letting the blood get to my head, I had to do something. 

“I–” I began. 

“Why did you come here, Liz?” Iris cut in. 

I whirled toward her. I knew I had seconds before my power expired. If I tried to kill her, she would defend herself, but if I did nothing…she wouldn’t do anything either. She’d wait, maybe send goons after she finds me decades later. 

“I came to save my idiot friends,” I said, nodding to Jon. Jon had gone completely white, probably taking in the carnage. 

“And why were your friends here, Liz, on this night, when all of the Council was conveniently here in the City,” Iris purred. She was going somewhere with this, but I wasn’t falling for it. 

“Because you sent goons to intimidate me, Iris,” I snarled, “like some two-bit gang boss.”

Iris smiled blossomed into sadistic. “Liz, I’ve kept track of your every movement for the last 9 years. Why the *hell* would I send goons after you now of all times? I don’t need the rest of the Council. In your normal form, you’re no match for me.” I grunted; it was true. Even now when I was practically a Goddess, I could only stalemate her. “So *why* would I ever send them now of all times?”  

“I don’t know, Iris, and I don’t care.”

Iris laughed; the silence that had fallen across the dead street shattered like pieces of glass. “Let me guess, Liz. After your place gets trashed your friends show up. In the middle of a blizzard. Just out of the blue. Hell of a coincidence right?”

No.

I looked at Jon. He didn’t meet my eyes. 

“I was confused when you said that I’d sent goons after you earlier, Liz, but after seeing this man,” she gestured to Jon, “fight me with such fervor and argue with you earlier…I think I get it.”

“You set me up,” I breathed. “You used me!” I said, my voice rising.  

“Liz,” Jon began. 

I wanted to rip him limb from limb, wanted to make spikes sprout from every inch of his body. I’d *trusted* him. *Saved* him even if he was just a meat sack. And he did this? He used me?  He just wanted to eliminate the Guild, and I was the best way to make that happen. *He’d* sent the thugs. 

I opened my mouth to speak and it happened again. The same thing that had happened 9 years ago. 

The world shifted and everything became *less.* The colors became less bright, the world blurred, my consciousness of other people’s blood began to fade. It was like waking up from a dream. 

No. I didn’t want to lose this. Couldn’t. I had to stop it. Keep it. 

I almost cried at the sudden loss, how could I have given this up all those years ago? 

And just as she had over 9 years, she came again. Me. 

She was dressed in all blood. A small visor for her eyes, and nothing else. A veritable Goddess. Me. 

I looked around. “Isn’t there supposed to be another one?”

The Goddess-me spoke, her voice mine but…more somehow. “There is no other one.”

I flinched. I hadn’t expected her to talk. She hadn’t done that the last time. 

“Do you think I’m some parasite burying into your brain, changing how you are? No. I *am* you, Liz. I’m the you that was born to rule, to conquer, to win.”

I stared up at her. All I had to was take her hand and all this power would be mine. I wouldn’t have to lose it. But there had to be a reason I hadn’t taken it last time. I just had to remember it…

“There was no reason,” the Goddess spoke. “You were weak. You wanted to live as an insect when you could crush any of those insects with a blink of your eye.”

“They’re no insects,” I said, not really convinced myself. They certainly weren’t anywhere near me if I could kill them so easily.  

“What have you gained by denying yourself? Years of boredom? Of watching the world go on without you?” The goddess continued, relentless. “Misplaced trust? Isolation? Betrayal.”

Jon…

They’d use me. Him. The world governments. Anyone who knew who I was. They sought to put me under lock and key. Iris at least sought to raise me up. 

The goddess looked at me expectantly, her hand forward.

I took it. 

***

I was back in reality, Jon no longer staring at the ground but giving me a confused stare. Ray had gone sheet white. Iris was looking at me, her head cocked, and eyes narrowed. 

“What have you done?” Ray breathed, as if he could tell. 

I grinned. The blood still sung, no matter where it was, inside or outside. This was borrowed power no longer, it was *mine.* 

“Liz, pl–” Jon began. 

“Shut up, insect,” I snarled, and just like that, with the smallest effort of will Jon exploded in a shower of blood. I’d debated making him suffer, but I didn’t want to look at his face longer than I had to. 

Ray stared in shock as his friend’s blood splattered all over him, his eyes comically wide. 

“Welcome to Godhood, Liz,” Iris purred.  “We can do so much together…”

And for the first time, I found myself smiling back, feeling the power course through my veins. This…this was life. Even my old powers couldn’t compare, let alone the years I spent denying my nature. Now I would rule. We? Who knew? Iris was useful, but also dangerous.

“Let’s start,” I said. We both took the still shocked Ray by one hand and began to trudge out of the massacre that was the road. In a sense it was the end of the old Liz. 

And the beginning of a new world.**Marie**

**England early 1900s**

I nibbled on the piece of bread Jeff had given me, huddled against the tree stump. I could’ve sworn it had been standing when I’d slept – I’d chosen it because of the shade. Jeff himself leaned against another tree, trying to look anywhere but my direction. Above him, dark clouds hung in the horizon in the otherwise blue, morning sky. 

I let the silence stretch between us. I didn’t mind. There was good distance between us, if he tried anything I had more than enough time to bolt. Plus, I still had the knife. I remembered how he’d caught me though – he was strong; I’d be better off running. He shifted, uncomfortable. 

I bit into the bread again to hide my smile. I had about a hundred questions. Who was he? Why did he know my name? What did he want from me? But people hint and say things they intend to tell you anyways. If he’d wanted to keep it a secret, he wouldn’t have given it away, and all my nagging wouldn’t help. So I waited. 

“Aren’t you even curious?” Jeff finally said, tossing his hands up in the air. 

I gave him a one shouldered shrug and hid my lips behind the bread. 

“You don’t want to know how I know your name, how we’ve met before? Any of that?”

Another shrug. 

He shook his head and leaned back against the tree, silent. I frowned. I’d really expected him to go on, but I was committed at this point. Better to make the wrong decision than to go back on an already made one. I looked up to the sky to see the black cloud had gotten larger, drifting toward us. Much larger. I squinted. No not a cloud, smoke. And one that big…

“Fire!” I sat up, adrenaline flooding my veins. I’d never seen a smoke cloud like that, but that’s what it was. 

Suddenly, Jeff grinned. 

I faltered. What? Was it some sort of trick? Did he want to threaten me with the fire? No that didn’t make sense, he could’ve just put a knife to my throat to the same effect. 

“What year is it, Marie?” he asked, still smiling. 

The question caught me off guard. Oh God, he was a crazy person. The fire was irrational, but I couldn’t expect rational from a crazy person who didn’t what year it was. I backed away slowly, as if he were a wild animal. “The year is 1637,” I began. 

Jeff just grinned wider. “The year, Marie, is 1903.”

Yes. Definitely crazy. I took another step back. 

“You probably think I’m crazy – I thought the same when you told me about this whole,” he struggled for a moment and vaguely gestured along his body. “…Whole thing.”

It was now or never – the distance between us was wide enough. I bolted. 

“Hey!” he called behind me. “Wait!” He knew my name by chance. He probably called everyone he met Marie. No big mystery. I ran along the forest– 

My foot caught a root and I slammed into the ground, my knee catching another root, sending a spike of pain into my body. Pain came in intense waves, originating from my knee and dissipating against the shores of my head. Had to get up. Get away. 

“Marie!” Jeff’s voice came. Too close. “Are you alright?”

I tried to stand up, but as soon as I put weight on my left leg, I crumpled as the pain grew intense enough that, for a moment, the forest faded, and I swam in a sea of red. An eternity or a second later my face was kissing the leaves once more. 

“Oh my god, Marie,” Jeff said right above me. “I-I’m sorry, I didn’t think you’d get scared enough to run.” 

I blinked tears out of my eyes. My fucking leg was broken. I was such a god damn idiot. And now I was stuck with a crazy person, in a forest with a fire headed my way. I didn’t even know where it was from. My village? London? 

“I’m going to help you up, Marie,” Jeff said.

“Touch me and I’ll stab you,” I spat.

“So what’s the plan then, Marie? Just lie here? What do you think will get you first? The infection? Hunger? Dehydration? The wild animals?”

“No,” I said through gritted teeth – god, the pain was incredible – “it’ll probably be you or the fire.”

“The –” I turned myself to see Jeff shake his head. “No, Marie, there is no fire. That’s smoke from the factories in London.”

“The…what?” I asked. 

Suddenly, Jeff was over me, hands on my clothes…By instinct, I moved to kick him – with the wrong fucking leg. Again, the world dissolved into a sea of red and pure, unadulterated agony. When I came to, Jeff was five feet away from me, my knife in his hands. 

“Look, I’m sorry,” Jeff said, biting his lip. Either a fantastic actor or genuine. “I couldn’t let you have the knife. You need medical attention *now.*

I sagged. There was nothing I could do. Fire was certain death. Staying here was certain death. Accepting the crazy person’s help…most likely death. Better odds than the other options at least. “I don’t have any money,” I said, partly to tell him it wasn’t worthwhile to rob me, and partly to say I couldn’t afford a doctor. 

“I’ll cover you,” he said and moved toward me. “I’m going to have to pick you up.”

I didn’t say anything. Not like I had a choice. 

Jeff sighed. “Look, Marie, are you fine with it or no.”

“Fine,” I hissed. 

“Thank you,” he said and moved closer, putting his hand under my shoulders to pull me up. “Keep you weight on your left foot,” he said. 

I nodded and tried to stand up. Just touching my right leg caused it to surge in pain. After five minutes of help from Jeff and leaning against a tree trunk, I managed to be up on one leg, leaning heavily against Jeff. I looked down, expecting to see my leg bones snapped, judging by the pain, but my knee was just swollen. 

“Not broken,” Jeff confirmed. “I think, at least.”

Small favors, I supposed. With that, Jeff coaxed me into taking a step. Then another. Another. All toward the fire. 

“No, it’s not a fire,” he said, seemingly reading my mind. “London. Best place for help. Trust me.”

“Fine,” I said. I had no other choice than to trust him. “How far?”

Jeff grimaced. “An hour’s walk or so, but at our pace, probably triple that.”

An hour? No, London was close to my village but not *that* close. Where was this man taking me? I paused and almost asked. But decided against it. The answer wouldn’t change anything anyways. 


***

We didn’t burn to death, and as the sun was setting, we made it to London. Though it may as well have been in another world. There were people, so, so many people, most walking, some in carriages. And indeed, smoke billowed out of many buildings, but not the wild billowing of a building on fire, but the smoke out of some massive chimney. Controlled. 

Jeff had told me the whole deal on our walk here. The Jumpers. He’d shown me the strange “phone,” he had. I had a year till “Jumped” again. It was almost too much to process, but they weren’t ravings. He’d shown me his phone, and this London I was in was nothing like mine. Smoke from buildings, strange, though not as strange as Jeff’s, clothes, the tree. There was just no other explanation. I’d jumped forward in time. 

“Did you have any one?” Jeff asked as we limped toward a building with a red cross on it. Jeff said it was apparently the mark of a doctor. 

“What do you mean?” 

“You know, family, friends?” he said a bit sheepishly.

“Apparently, we’ve met many times, shouldn’t you know?”

“I…” he said and looked away. “You don’t talk about them, I-I’m sorry I was just –”

I tuned him out, thinking of my mother, crying over Mike’s body. This new life, if what Jeff said was true, of constant jumping was true, then I was all the happier to embrace it. It was the realization of a dream I had as a child. Of leaving behind everything and going off one some adventure. And what grander adventure than one through time for the fate of the world?

“No,” I said, cutting him off. “No, I don’t have anybody.”I screamed like a little girl. 

If being dragged through a portal by an honest to god demon - horns, red skin, the whole shabang, doesn't call for screaming like a little girl, I don't know what does.  

I'd been sleeping on my friend's couch in New York City. Couch is putting it a bit generously in fact, I had to basically curl into a ball to fit. I mean, then again, I was homeless, so it wasn't like I could judge his choice of furniture. 

Regardless, I'd been staring out the window looking at the snow fall, and contemplating the usual questions of my life. "Why me?" "Why this?" "Fuck me?"

You know, the usual. 

And then this circle of pure, fiery orange opened up at the foot of my sofa and this tiny little two foot tall demon came out of it It really says something about my life that I didn't flinch. My first thought immediately went to the coffee my friend had made for me. He'd probably laced it with some hallucinogen or something as a joke. 

And then I'd felt the heat emanating from the portal, and the demon's tiny little wrist wrap around my ankle, and I knew it was real. 

Hence the screaming and all that. 

Despite my best efforts, the midget demon (did I just say the words "midget demon?") dragged me into the portal. I stopped struggling and blinked, trying to understand what was in front of me. The shapes, the fire that wasn't quite fire, the ground that wasn't quite the ground. 

"Oh for Kos's sake, put a blindfold on him, its brain will probably explode looking at 13 dimensions after looking at four all its life."

And just like that I couldn't see anything. 

I breathed a sigh of relief. And it really said something about the situation, that I could breath a sigh of relief in literally hell after being kidnapped by demons. 

"All right, human, I'll keep it short," a voice said. Presumably the first demon. "You are a failure. You are pathetic even by human standards. You will get nowhere in life, and likely die of substance overdose or suicide within the next five years."

I just nodded. As far as insults go, this demon was an amateur.  

"But we can change that," the second demon, the one who'd asked for the blindfold said. "Accept our bargain. We will give you motivation."

"Um," I said. "Motivation?"  

"Even the human doesn't buy it," the first demon said in glee. 

The second demon ignored the jibe. "I will give you motivation, motivation to succeed, to do something, and let you go back. Then we will see if you can turn your life around in ten years."

"You won't," the first demon said. 

"Wait," I said. "Don't I get a say?"

There was silence for a moment and then a roaring sound. I cringed, cursing myself for opening by big fat mouth, before realizing they were laughing, not trying to kill me. 

"Oh, that's rich," the first demon said. "Choice! That's too good." It descended into laughter again. 

The second demon spoke again. "Well our business is done with, human. See you in ten years."

And just like that I was back in that dingy apartment with the poor excuse of a couch. 

I looked around and saw the apartment as if for the first time. The cracked plaster, the fading paint. I hadn't quite realized how shitty it all was. How much I hated this. 

The whole thing had probably been some sort of fever brain, my subconscious calling out to me. But I was done with this. I wouldn't live like this. 

I pointedly ignored the singed hair around my ankle where the demon had grabbed me.|
***

**9 years ago**

There’s something to be said for doing something as mundane as sipping coffee at a café after having murdered one of the most powerful people on the planet and walking away from a car crash caused by *the* most powerful person on the planet. 

In front of me, Jon massaged his temples, staring at the paper Iris had given us, his own coffee sitting forgotten despite the steam curling up trying to get his attention. Outside the glass walls, New Yorkers went on, living their lives, doing their things, unconcerned with the gears turning all around them. 

“You know this,” I peeked over at the paper again, “Ray Aguero?” 

Jon ran his hands through his hair. “Yeah…we knew each other in college.”

“And?” I prompted. 

Jon sighed. “I sorta saved his life once,” he said with a shrug. 

“Quite the altruist, you are.”

Jon spread his arms “They were mugging him, I couldn’t just watch it happen,” he said. 

I frowned – why couldn’t he have just watched it happen? What did he gain from helping some guy getting beat up? Sure, he might be grateful and owe you a favor, but generally speaking, being owed a favor by someone getting beat up by some alley thugs is not the most useful thing in the world. And then it came to me. 

Empathy. Human decency. Kindness.    

I shook my head, as if that would somehow clear it. I hadn’t always been like this right? It was the god damn blood doing this. Changing me. 

“Liz?” Jon asked, his hand over mine. “You alright?”

“I…yeah. Fine.”

Jon raised an eyebrow. 

I scowled. “Using my powers *changes* me Jon. It makes me…not care about, you know, anything. I become–”

“Cold,” he said. “Distant. Arrogant. Dangerous.”

I sat back in my chair. “Yeah,” I breathed. “That. You’ve known?”

Jon shook his head. “Not really. I figured it was the rush, that you were some adrenaline junkie or something. But that using your powers is just straight up changing you?” He sighed again. “I would never have guessed it, but I have no problem believing it.”

We sat in silence for a while, eyes on each other, but minds somewhere else. 

“So…what’s the solution, Jon?” I asked, knowing, fearing, the answer. 

A pause. “Stop using your powers.”

“Just like that?” I asked. “You don’t understand, Jon, without Blood I’m…a nobody. I would probably be a fucking panhandler out there, begging for a dollar, or maybe I’d be dead in some alley somewhere!” 

“Do you really believe that, Liz?” Jon said. “A woman like you…powers or not you’d be in some high places.”

“Cut the crap, Jon,” I snarled. 

Jon showed me his palms. “I’m just saying what I think,” he said then shook his head. “Look, we’re getting ahead of ourselves. Let’s deal with this Ray issue, because we’re screwed if we don’t.”

I nodded. That was at least a concrete thing we could focus on. *And it will probably require me to use Blood,* a small part of me said. “His powers enhance others’ powers?” I asked, gesturing to the paper. 

“That…doesn’t really capture it,” Jon said, his gaze looking past me into the distant past or some impossible future. “He boosted my powers when I saved him; it’s…amazing. You wouldn’t understand, it’s like a high. You seem invincible, unstoppable. Rational thought goes away – you think you’re so powerful you could take on the world. And you just might be…” he shook himself and snapped out of it. “Look, trust me, his ability is something else. You don’t know what it feels like.”

I had an idea. 
***

“You’re sure about just…walking in?” I asked. 

“Yeah, Liz,” Jon said. “I am. Ray doesn’t have body guards or anything like that. He’s an accountant. No one knows he’s a mutt.”

“Iris did.”

Jon frowned at that. “That she did.”

“Why is she having us get him?” I asked. “She could clearly do it herself. Hell, he could be in the Pentagon and Iris could still get him out.”

“To be fair, so could you,” Jon said with a smile. 

He had a point there. 

“Look, she probably just gets off on having you do stuff for her. The woman isn’t exactly all there you know?”

“She’s insane, yeah, sociopathic, of course, but stupid she is not, Jon.” I hesitated. “And anyways, are you okay with, you know, betraying your friend?”

“Do we have a choice?” he asked. 

*Yeah. You do. Walk away, that’s all you have to do.* “I guess not.”

Jon gave me a weird nod and walked into the apartment building. We scanned the list of names on the wall….there 6F. Jon pressed the button to get the intercom. “Uh, is this Ray?” Jon asked. 

“Yeah?” the cautious voice came back.

“Hey, man, this is Jon! Just wanted to, you know, catch up. Been a while, right?”

“Jon!” The voice said, caution evaporating. “Holy shit, dude! How’d you find my address?”

Jon blinked. “Oh, um, I was talking to my friend and you came up, she mentioned you lived in this building.”

The caution was back. “I’m not in touch with anyone from college, Jon…”

“You remember Josie?” Jon said quickly. “Tall, blond, brown eyes? She told me you lived here, no idea how she got the info.”

A disconnect sound came out of the speaker. 

Jon swore and took his finger off the button. “Not one word, Liz,” he said, and with that the locked glass doors blew off their hinges and we were into the apartment proper.

“Stairs, elevators, or fire escape?” I asked. Two of us, three options. 

There was a ding and both Jon and I flinched, moving toward the source of the sound. The elevator door opened, and an old lady walked out, a white fluffy dong on a leash with her. The woman yelped when she saw me and even the dog started to growl, both staring at my…I looked down to see my arms had formed blood on them. I’d dug in my nails into the palms without even consciously thinking about it. That was fine. Dangerous situations called for the use of Blood. 

“Liz?” Jon hissed. I blinked to find him holding me by the shoulder. “No need for blood, Liz, drop it.”

I cocked my head at him. “But it could be dangerous…”

“Liz. Trust me.”

Though every cell in my body rebelled against the idea, I let the blood turn to powder. Almost immediately my head cleared – a cloud I hadn’t even known was there. I’d used blood without thinking about it, without consciously deciding to. Was it too late for me? Would I become like Iris – some sort of sociopath? No, I couldn’t worry about that right now. “I’ll take the fire escape, you watch the stairs,” I said and dashed toward the door. I stopped, turned around. “Thanks,” I said. 

Jon just gave me a nod and ran to the stairs.  

I forced myself to take a deep breath and walk calmly. I’d seen the fire escape on the left side of the building – all I had to do was look up, and there he was. Just as the photo had shown, Ray hurrying down the steps. 

I moved back around the building and took out my phone to call Jon…No. There was no reason for him to die. I had Ray right here. Jon had done enough. I’d see what this power boost was all about, and I’d give Iris a hell of a surprise. We had to meet back at the Guild building anyways. I would either die, or I’d deal with this problem. 

So I turned my phone off and waited for him to get down. I dug my nails into my palm and held a spike of blood in my hand – not like it mattered. If I fought Iris, I wouldn’t be pulling any punches. I had to dive into the blood one way or another. I could only hope I came out on the other side. 

He jumped off the last level of the fire escape and I was on him. I delivered a kick to the back of his knee, and he crumpled forward. I grabbed him with one arm and put the blood spike in front of his throat. He gulped, causing my blood spike to prick his skin. I loved it when they did the work for you.  “Do what I say or I’ll kill you. You know the drill, right?”

“WH-what did you do to Jon?” he asked.

I frowned and then started to laugh. After all this, *all this* he still thought Jon couldn’t possibly betray him. Some people were truly naïve. I debated telling him, but decided against it – why break trust that could be exploited again later. 

“You should be more concerned with what’s about to happen to you,” I said. 

“I’m just –”

“An accountant, Ray Aguero?” I smirked. “You possess the ability to boost the powers of other mutts.”

No answer. 

“I’m going to let you go now,” I said, and let him go, but kept the spike of blood pointed firmly at his neck. “One wrong move and I’ll run you through.” With that I put my hands in my jacket pocket and gestured for him to follow without even turning back to look at me. It was important to look unconcerned. If I looked like I cared about him, he’d call my bluff and dare me to kill him. Sure enough, he followed. 

I quickly got in the car – Jon had given me the keys – and Ray entered the other, blood spike still hovering front of his neck. “If you push me or turn the wheel or something idiotic, I’ll survive,” as I spoke blood armor climbed over my body. Ray watched, dumbfounded. “You’ll be hurt a lot and probably have a spike through your throat. Let’s just make this easy on both of us yeah?”

I started the car and began to drive. Goodbye Jon. 

***

The city flew by around us and Ray just sat rigid, flinching every time we hit a bump or had to brake, what with the spike near his throat. It took him half the trip to gather up the courage to even speak. 

“Where are you taking me?”

“The Guild.”

“What?” he said, a bit hysterical. “What the hell does the Guild want from me? The Guild is supposed to protect people like me, not kidnap them in broad daylight!”

Well, they were going to make him a *Council Member.* His ability must truly be something else. I needed him on my side if I were to beat Iris. 

Beat Iris. When did it become about beating Iris? I could just deliver Ray here to her and never hear from her again…as if. Iris would never leave me alone. She’d poke and prod and I’d end up using Blood one way or another. It would be a prolonged death. At least this way I’d use Blood on my own terms. And who knows, I might win. Jon had been awed by this coward and Iris wanted him on the council…

“Look, I just do their dirty work, I don’t–”

“I saw the news–”

“Liz,” I said. Hell if he was going to call me Crimson Lady or whatever. “The name’s Liz.”

“Liz,” he said, his voice shaky. “I know who you are. I know you *k-killed* Jenna. I really doubt you’re just a thug.”

“Fine, Ray. You have two options. Option 1 – I hand you over to the Guild. They have a machine that will kill you and strip your powers, which the Council will use as they see fit.” A complete lie of course. But I needed him to want to be on my side. I didn’t know about his powers, how long they lasted, what cost there was, nothing. He could lie, and I wouldn’t know it till I was dead. 

“That’s…not possible. No such thing exists!” 

“I’ve seen it work, Ray,” I said, “but it’s up to you.”

“The other option?” he asked after a minute of silence. 

“You help me. Power me up, and I’ll kill the Council.”

“You?” he said. “Kill the Council? You’re crazy!”

I turned to him and smiled. He flinched. “Tell that to Jenna.”

“So, I just boost you and leave?” he asked. “You’ll let me walk away?”

Alarm bells went off in my head. “And end up helpless after you withdraw your gift?”

“I can’t!”

“I don’t believe you,” I said flatly. “You will power me up and be very motivated doing so. If I die, you’ll die too.”

“I don’t want to die!”

Who did? “Look. You don’t help me, you die for sure, You help me, you probably die. Which one’s the better option?”

We were five minutes from the Guild office when he said. “Fine. I’ll tell you how it works.”

***

We walked into a welcoming party in front of the Guild. 

The Guild office had a massive paved parking lot in front of it and there were about a 100 men with assault rifles and a few men and women with no weapons at all. Mutts.

Ray and I walked in. He wasn’t bound but the thorn still hovered at his throat. I was covered in blood armor from head to toe except for a slit for my eyes and a spot on my wrist where Ray would touch me to boost my powers. Apparently, I’d have 5 minutes of incredibly boosted powers. How it worked varied person by person, so we’d just have to find out – he went out of commission for a while after a boost, so we only had one shot.  The boost went away if Ray died. He’d given me some bullshit explanation that I was pretty sure was a lie, but it didn’t matter. I wanted Ray alive. 

“Stop!” said a man built like a truck in lead of the troops. 

We stopped about 20 feet away from the two lines of men and the handful of mutts. 

“The Guild demands you surrender. You are to be put on trial for the murder of Council member Jenna Kreys.”

What?

“Take me to Iris!” I shouted back. “I have something she wants.”

“Take off the armor or we’ll shoot!” 

Was there some sort of mistake? Or another one of Iris’ tricks? I couldn’t take this many men on at once, in open confines like this. Closed quarters maybe, but this was death. “Do it,” I said. 

“What?”

“Surrender!” the man screamed.

“Do it!”

Everything happened at once. 

The man screamed “Ready!” and a hundred men put their fingers on the trigger of their rifles, ready to push down in a fraction of a second. One of the mutts jumped up in the air and became charged with lightning, getting ready for some attack. Another woman began to rush toward me and as I watched she split into two copies. Then 4. The man who had been yelling began to change. His clothes ripped, muscles rippled, and bones shifted till a massive mountain lion stood at the lead of the troops.    

I barely registered all of that. I was only aware of Ray touching the exposed skin on my wrist. 

The world shifted. 

Everything was sharper. Clearer. I felt each ripple of wind. Every breath. Every pulse – both mine and Ray’s.

And the blood of course. The blood. 

I normally couldn’t feel blood inside bodies unless it was my own, but now I felt all of it. Every man, every mutt. Every single being in front of me was a doll to me. A puppet. I could jerk around their blood, slow it, speed it up. 

Or stop it. 

The mountain lion roared “FIRE!” but he was too late. I reached out. It was easy, oh so easy. Not just easy, but right. This is what I was meant to be. A goddess. Death incarnate. Dealing death as I pleased. I reached out to them and told them to stop. 

Their hearts kept beating but the blood went still. Not moving. For all intents and purposes, each and every person suffered a sudden cardiac arrest. 

The lion roared and collapsed, convulsing. The clones were unaffected but the original collapsed. With the original on the ground, the clones just vanished. The electric man fell from the sky. The soldiers fell, convulsing, guns forgotten on the ground.

It was over in the space of a heartbeat. They would all be dead in a minute.

“Iris!” I called into the empty parking lot. 

No sound except Ray’s whimpering behind me. 

“Come out, Iris! I have your new Council member!” As soon as anyone approached, I’d sense them. Iris couldn’t survive the blood inside her body stopping. 

No answer. Fine. 

“Come out, Iris,” I smiled. This was going to be fun. “Or I’ll come to you!”

I ripped the blood out of the bodies in front of me. Most of them weren’t dead, but it didn’t matter. Alive or dead, blood obeyed. It streamed out of their nostrils, eyes, ears, their very pores. So much blood I’d never seen. I floated in an orb and for a moment all I could do was look at how beautiful it was. Behind me, Ray was throwing up. 

But there was work to be done. 

I slammed the orb – as big as a truck – into the building. There was boom so loud that I was sure it could’ve been heard for miles. Cracks appeared in the building.

Another hit. A massive blood wrecking ball hitting the Guild headquarters. All the remaining windows shattered, falling on the dead like petals at a funeral. 

A source of blood. I readied myself to rip her apart, but she shouted something. “Don’t kill me!” came the voice. Shrill. Young. Afraid. Not Iris. She came out in the open with her hands held up in the air. “We’re just noncombatants!” she said. “Iris left earlier today and didn’t come back. None of the council members are even in the city any-”

She finals noticed the menagerie of blood, bodies, and glass she was standing in. She made a noise somewhere between absolute terror, disgust, and a sob. 

“How do I know you’re not lying,” I could make out her name badge from this distance, “Katie?”

“I…I can’t prove it to you, I-I’m just t-telling you what I know.” She was hyperventilating now. 

“Fine,” I said. There was no reason to knock the building down or kill the civilians. The world would turn against me. As powerful as I was, 7 billion against me would end in a loss. “I am –”

The world shifted and everything became *less.* The colors became less bright, the world blurred, my consciousness of other people’s blood began to fade. It was like waking up from a dream. 

No. I didn’t want to lose this. Couldn’t. I had to stop it. Keep it. 

Everything stopped. 

I was frozen in the moment, my powers fading, the bodies, the girl, Katie. I looked around and for the first time noticed the cameras everywhere. This had all been recorded. 

And in front of me was me. 

She was perfect. Blood armor covered her head to toe. Power emanated from her every pore. She was terrifying and awe inspiring. And opposite her was another me. No blood armor. No power. But where I could only see the other me’s eyes, this me was wearing normal clothes and she was smiling. 

Smiling.  

They each held out a hand. The me of blood promised power. I could keep this. Ray did not give, he just opened locks that were inside of me. He brought out potential. I could keep the floodgates open. Become a Bonafede goddess. 

Or I could be the other me. Give up my powers or try to at least.  She offered, well, life. Happiness. Peace. 

I looked at them. The me in blood and the me without. Back. Forth. Back. Forth. 

In the end, time chose for me. 

The floodgates Ray had opened closed, and the me of blood faded with a gentle shake of her head. Not a rejection but a delay. One day I’d face the choice again. 

***
Everything hurt. I felt like someone had squeezed every drop of energy out of me and never actually let go. 

I opened my eyes to find Iris staring at me. I yelped and flinched away. 

Iris smiled. “Hey, Liz.”

I reached out, hoping to feel Iris’s blood, but no avail. The power was lost to me again. 

“Where am I?” I asked, and my voice came out hoarse. 

“New York General Hospital, Liz,” she said. I brought you myself.

“They-”

“No one knows who you are of course,” she said and gestured behind her to the right. “I doubt they’d treat you if they did.” 

Behind her, the TV showed me in front of the troops. I saw all of them collapse, the blood sphere. Me sparing the girl. 

“That’s all we showed,” she said. “You passing out on the ground wasn’t exactly glamorous.”

“Why?” I asked. “W-what did you hope to accomplish?”

“You rejected Godhood today, Liz,” she said. “Don’t deny it, I’ve experienced the same thing you have. You can only postpone it. One day you’ll need to take the mantle you’re given, and that day…this video will have ensured your status. They know who you are now even though you don’t know yourself.”

“You’re crazy,” was all I could say.

“Perhaps,” Iris shrugged. “I don’t particularly care either way. If this is crazy, I like crazy.”

“I won’t do it,” I told her. “I won’t use my powers. I can’t be…that” I gestured at the screen. They’d been out to kill me sure, and I didn’t regret doing it, but…I remembered. I had no moral compass when I killed them or when I spared that girl. I did whatever was best for me. I was a psychopath. I couldn’t be that. couldn’t be Iris.

“I can’t force you, Liz,” she said and got up. “One day you’ll give into it, I’m in no rush. The bill is paid in full and I have transferred a million dollars into your account. Do what you will with it.”

“Why?”

“For giving us our fifth council member of course.”

Oh god. Ray. 

The blood must’ve drained from my face because Iris smiled. “Quite valuable, isn’t he?”

“You set me up,” I hissed. “You knew I’d lash out against you, that I’d use him!”

“I guessed,” she said and gave my arm a little pat. “See you soon, Liz.”

I didn’t see her for 9 more years.So yeah, Ive just been completely absorbed in this novella for the last two weeks (hence the lack of stories) BUT I've finished and will be getting back to posting short stories! I cannot post it here because I've submitted it to a publisher, but we'll see how it goes. I'll keep y'all posted. Again, this is a huge deal for me and is a major step for me as a writer. Thank you all!**5**

*The woman pulls the sword out of the man.*

*He stumbles for a fraction of a moment, his face slack with shock he stares down at his shirt. The bloodstains might well be shadows made from the millions of candles burning blue around them.*

*About ten feet behind him, of the five remaining unlit candles, another one catches the blue flame. Four candles. Four seconds.*
***

I didn’t have a moment to spare, yet I paused when I got up to the platform. We’d all seen it from a distance for the last year of course, the top of the tower, getting brighter and brighter, each candle bringing us closer and closer to the end. 

Now I was surrounded by millions of blue flames, all flickering in the cold wind of the night. The flickering was an illusion, really. Once lit, no force could extinguish them. The only ones which could be disturbed were the ones unlit
. 
Between me and those few unlit was Geralt. In the flickering blue light, he looked like a demon. 

I suppose I did too. 

“Helen,” he said. “Welcome to the end of the world.” He spread out his arms, one holding a sword, one of a set of three. I held the other, and the last one lay in the hands of a corpse.  

With a hoarse scream, I charged him, and even as I watched, another candle lit up. Just in case, I tried to tug on the tower with my powers, increasing the gravity it feels to bring it down. The tower shook for a moment, causing the candles to lurch and send our shadows dancing, but it stayed up. 

“You always were weaker, Helen,” Geralt said. “I built this tower. I know where to push it. Even you and Ada together couldn’t bring it down with me supporting it.”

I didn’t slow down. I picked up speed, spun, and let myself off the chain. I struck Geralt, aiming to slice his body in half and he blocked, taking a step back as he did, surprise splashed across his features. He had no idea what had just happened, what was fueling me. 

I reversed my strike and swung from the other side, and he took another step back. I pressed my advantage and thrust. He saw it coming. I saw he saw it coming and leaned into it. He batted my sword aside but didn’t realize how close I was. I punched him in the face. He reeled back, his sword drooping. 

I suppose it was funny, in a sense. We were the most powerful people in the world. Able to bend gravity to our will, crush people where they stood, yet here we were, sword-fighting. Our powers were stalemated. I kept pressure on the building and Geralt did too. He had the building’s natural weight on his side, but he expected Ada to come in. 

If only he knew.

I lunged again, and he barely got his sword up in time. Hit, hit, hit, feint, my sword became a whip, blurring as Geralt barely got his sword in the way in time. Block, parry, hit. I scored a cut. It was him, his fucking fault this had happened. Another hit, another cut. His fault she was dead. Another step back.

We were almost to the unlit candles. There couldn’t have been more than 30 left unlit. 30 seconds. 

The single second I spared to look at the candle cost me. Geralt swung, and I barely blocked in time, and just like that I was on the back foot. I shied left, he cut me, I ducked, swung, and he parried. We broke apart for a moment. 

I was breathing heavily, and though he’d scored a gash along my arm, I’d scared one on his torso, and on his shoulder. Two to one. I liked those odds. 

“Just let it be, Helen,” Geralt said between breaths. He was trying to buy time, but I needed a second to catch my breath. “Once the ritual is complete, we will be gods. This world will be destroyed, and we will make it anew. Control not just gravity, but creation, life and death.”  

“Fuck you,” I spat, and charged him again. He could’ve been trying to knock the candles over himself and I still would have charged him. It wasn’t even about the world anymore. It was about her. 

“Suit yourself,” he said, and dodged to the right as we continued our dance. 

We danced at the eve of the end of the world, lit by the light of a million flames under the moonlit sky. He fought for the dream of a better world, and I fought for vengeance. We fought with swords on the platform, and with gravity at the foundations of the tower.  

And then, just like that, it was over. 

I reversed the direction of my sword and hit him with the pommel of my sword across the face. I felt a satisfying crack as his jawbone slid out of place. I was too close though, and this time, he had seen it coming. 

Time slowed down. 

He swung at my neck and my sword was pointed down. I knew his speed; I wouldn’t block in time. I was too close to duck or dodge; his sword would just follow.

“Ada’s dead,” I said. 

His eyes widened, his mouth silently forming the word “what.” And he hesitated. A moment. Not even. The time between the lighting of two candles. 

It was all I needed. 

I pushed him off balance, and he stumbled, his sword arm flailing, and stabbed him through the chest. 
***
**4**

*The man tries to angle himself toward the woman as he falls, trying to get her to waste even one precious second, but the woman shoves him aside and steps over his spasming body.*

*As she does, another candle lights up, leaving three unlit.* 	
***

My cheeks were still wet as I strode into the spire. They were waiting for me. Guards wielding crossbows lined the opposite wall and the spiral staircase that led all the way up to the top where Geralt was waiting. The whole tower was a deathtrap really. Hollow except the staircase lining the wall getting tighter and tighter till it reached the top. Above which Geralt planned to end the world. 

“Halt!” one of them called. “One more step–” There was a wet pop as I increased the gravity affecting him by a 1000 for a second, and he just collapsed into a splat on the ground. For that second, in a mile around me, gravity decreased by a tenth of a tenth to compensate, but no one noticed. 

There was a stunned silence before they started to fire. Arrows and bolts came at me, soldiers charged me. None of them mattered. I pressed down on the tower and everything but me in it with a hundredfold gravity. Around me specifically, I made gravity a thousand-fold. Arrows simply nosedived as they hit the concentrated gravity, not even touching me. It was overkill, but I didn’t want to take any chances.

Around me, bones crunched, and screams echoed throughout the tower as people collapsed under their own weight. The spire stayed up though. Geralt. 

I reduced the pull of gravity on me to as close to zero as I could and pushed myself straight off the ground so I flew toward the top of the tower. Arrayed on the spiral stairs were bodies of all shapes and sizes. Some of them couldn’t have been much older than 15, lured in by Geralt’s lies and promises. 

Fuck em. They’d all pay. Every last one of them. But Geralt especially. 

I gradually increased gravity so I slowed down as the spire narrowed and grabbed on to the edge of the staircase. 

I took a deep breath and opened the hatch, taking with me my fury and leaving behind hope, a love, and a spire full of corpses. 
***

**3**

*The woman begins to lift her sword, intending to throw it at one of the candles, but a sudden resistance makes her hand slip. Under her, the man grabs the hilt of the blade, his hands a bloody mess, and the damage is done. The blade falls to the ground. There is no time to kill him, no time to grab the sword.*

*The woman runs. One step.*

*Three steps away, another candle lights up. Only two hold their peace.*
***
  
Ada and I moved across the plain toward the spire. Armies clashed behind us, the clang of metal and screams of men drifting toward us, but that wasn’t our problem. Not anymore. If Geralt succeeded, none of it would matter anyways. Ahead of us, Geralt’s spire pierced the sky, a blue light blazing against the night sky – a lighthouse guiding us to the end of the world. 
  
“How did it come to this, Helen?” Ada asked, her voice small. “We were supposed to be together, all three of us. Not fighting.”

I wanted to say the two of us were together, and that was all that really mattered, but I held my tongue. I just squeezed her hand. 

“Some things just aren’t meant to be, Ada,” I said. “It’s him or everything else.” 

Ada took a deep breath. “Right. He may be our friend, but the world’s needs came first.”

Again, I held my tongue. Her needs came first, that was it. And if her needs were the world’s then so be it. 

“Helen–” she began but cut off as a massive shadow fell over us. Hundreds of arrows blocked out the light of the ritual at the top of the spire. 

Ada and I used our powers and the arrows plummeted down long before they reached us. What was Geralt even thinking? He had to know these wouldn’t stop us. And then Ada cried out. 

No.

I’ll never forget it. It was pain and surprise and despair; it was the worst sound I’d heard in my life.

I whirled around to see an arrow sticking through her chest, not from the front but from the back. Someone behind us had shot her. An accident? Not planned certainly – Geralt would never hurt Ada. Me, of course, but never Ada. 

If only we’d also increased the gravity behind us…   

“Ada,” I said, my voice sounding odd. Choked. Distantly I heard the thuds of arrows from the spire hitting the ground, but I paid them no mind. Nothing could come through right now. 

“H-Helen,” Ada managed. Blood coming out the edge of her lips. She squeezed my hand. 

“Don’t talk,” I said, tears trailing down my cheeks. “Please. We’ll get you to a medic. We’ll fix this.”

Ada shook her head. “N-no time, have to s-stop him.”

“I don’t give a fuck about stopping him, Ada!” I screamed at her, as if she was at fault somehow. “I–”

But she was already dead.  
***

**2**

*A step. Another Step. Half a step.*

*The woman is about to kick over the last candle.*

*The second to last candle suddenly sprouts blue. Only one remains.*

***

“Thank you, Helen,” Ada said as we lay in the bed, touching.

“For what?” I said, turning to her. I drunk her in, the contours of her face, the way her blond hair fell over her forehead, the startling blue of her eyes. In a few hours, I might lose her. 

Ada laughed, and the sound filled the room. “I know you’re doing this because I want it, Helen. I know you couldn’t care less about what Geralt is doing, about the world.”

“You are my world, Ada.” 

***
**1**

*The woman’s foot reaches the candle.*

*A sentence comes back to her, belonging to the man dead or dying behind her.*

*To control life and death…*

*The woman holds her foot back.*

*The final candle springs blue.*
***
...

...

...

***

*She saves her world.*Everyone knows Washington Square Park. It’s kind of a tourist attraction, and located in lower Midtown it sees a lot of traffic. But not many people know that is built on top of 20000 dead bodies. 

It seemingly has it all. The big Arch, the constant construction around it, the asshole NYU students wandering everywhere, the desperate street musicians, the second-rate food carts, the *life.* 

That’s what it’s like during the day. 

I’ve walked by there at night and no one is ever there. No one. Not even college kids smoking or drinking or whatever. No homeless people sleeping on the benches, no cops checking for them either. Literally in the middle of a busy part of the busiest city on the planet, the City that never sleeps…and not a single person in an area as big as city block? Makes you think, right?

It certainly made me think. So after one particularly riotous night out I found myself alone and a little bit drunk, passing through the area at a bit after 3 in the morning on  a moonless night. For those who don’t know the Park is a rectangle with a fountain in the middle, and the famous Arch right by the fountain.

I looked in. Deserted. Not a single rat or squirrel on the trees or on the ground. Not a single bench with someone on it. Even the fountain was turned off. Only later did it occur to me that it was 3 am, no real lights in the park except for at the Arch. I shouldn’t have been able to see a thing. But years of walking past, just looking in at night, not going…it added up. I needed to go in, *had* to. And I did. I stepped in.

Nothing happened. 

I didn’t know what I’d been expecting. Some axe murderer to step out of the trees, brandishing his knife? A rotting hand to punch through the ground? A man in a sheet? I took it then as a sign to move in, thinking it was safe. But fear, no terror, is what we can’t understand, can’t predict. 

Like a fool, I walked on. Each step echoing against the trunks of the trees, loud enough to wake the dead. To fill up the silence I began to hum a tune for a moment, but it just sounded pathetic, so I stopped. And then I made it to the fountain. 

I don’t know what would’ve happened if I hadn’t looked in. Would I just have passed on through? I don’t know. I don’t care to know. I won’t survive another trip. 

But I did look. 

And there in the glistening water I didn’t see my own reflection. I saw others. Hundreds, no, thousands of faces, looking back at me, as if staring down their own version of the fountain. Their eyes widened in surprise when they saw me, and a few flinched back. But I couldn’t. I kept looking, transfixed by these faces looking back at me. Some were beautiful beyond measure, others scarred so much that it was a wonder they were even alive. Which I supposed they weren’t. 

It was at this point that I realized I was in Washington Square Park, at 3 am, looking down a fountain, and seeing ghosts. I tore my eyes away from the scene and stepped back. 

The Park was glowing. In hindsight, it had been glowing faintly since I’d walked in, but there was no mistaking it now. There was a faint blue glow emanating from each hexagonal brick that made the walkway. 

Like any rational individual, I decided to fucking book it at that point. 

I took one step forward, my shoe landing in one of the glowing hexagons:

*I’m running through the streets. That bastard, that god damn bastard, how dare he turn on me like this. I feel the gold coins jingling in my coat as I turn around. No one appeared to be chasing. I allow myself to chuckle. Not only was he a traitor, he was a dumb bastard t-*

*I turn the left into a smaller alley and someone clasps a hand over my mouth before I can scream. There is a sharp pain in my stomach, and I look down to see the hilt of a knife sticking out of me. I look up to see the grinning of face of the bastard himself. He sticks his hand inside my jacket and brings out the bag of coin, eyes glinting. I open my mouth to talk but no words come out, only something wet. I raise on trembling hand to me lips and see blood. My blood on my fingers.*

*“Thanks, mate,” he says and yanks the blade out. Pain explodes in my stomach, my head, my everywhere, and I crumple to the ground. The last thing I see are the boots of the bastard as he walks away.*

*Experience ends.*

I was dead, dead, dead. I was back in the Park, putting my next foot down. I’d been that man. It hadn’t been a third person vision, I wasn’t just in his head, I *was* him. That’s all the time I had to think as my next foot hit the ground.

*“Where is my daughter, bitch?”*

*I look around. There are no windows, and the only door is the one he’s blocking. His face is terrible, worse than usual. There’s a mad glint in his eyes.*

*I wasn’t going to beg. Megan was out, that was all that mattered. “Our daughter is out of this godforsaken house.” I’d smuggled her out with my sister. “She doesn’t deserve to rot here, to die here,” I spat.*

*“Oh, someone’s dying, tonight,” he says, and rips the candelabra out the wall and lets it fall to the carpeted ground where the flames instantly catch. I don’t gasp, I look him dead in the eyes, head held high as he sneers at me and shuts the door. I hear the lock as the fire spreads.*

*I try, I really try not to scream, but eventually the heat is too much, the smoke is too thick, and the fire has only one thing left to burn. I screamed then.*

*Experience ends.*

I was burning, burning, burning, burning. Too late, I remember I need to stop running.

*I stand in the front line, the enemy in front of me. My commander tells me to aim my musket. Hands shaking, I bring it up to my shoulder. How is this war? We’re standing in front of each other waiting to fire? There’s no skill it’s just luck of th-*

*A thunder-crack, a burst of smoke, and a sharp pain in my head.*

*Experience ends.*

Stop, stop, stop. I almost put my foot down on the next hexagon but pulled back, making sure not to move my feet outside the one I’d already stepped in. My face was wet with tears and I was breathing hard, adrenaline coursing through my veins. I turned back around. Three of the hexagons weren’t glowing anymore, the ones I’d already stepped on. Three deaths I’d lived. Not watched, lived. I knew it wasn’t me, I know it wasn’t me, but they are fresh in my head even now as I type this. I have died. 

I thought. Could I stand here till morning? It was hundreds of those hexagons to the Arch and out of the park. Dozens if I jumped. I couldn’t do that. Couldn’t. 

And then I saw the fountain. 

There was a mist coming out of it, blue. As I watched its tendrils moved. Toward me. I thought of all the people in the fountain. Dead? Or trapped like me. 

The mist took another hexagon. What’s the worse that could happen? 

Another hexagon. 

Damn it all to hell. If that mist got me…it just felt wrong. I knew I couldn’t let it touch me. Gritting my teeth, I jumped as far as I could to land in another hexagon. 

*The ground falls away beneath my feet and something thick wraps itself around my neck. I gasp and kick out my legs, trying to find purchase, but no avail. I can’t breathe, and my neck feels like it’s getting ripped apart.*

*“Help,” I say with all the strength I can muster, but no one does anything. They watch as I kick my legs helplessly, as I grapple against the rope to get it off my neck. The edges of my vision fade away. Can’t even kick anymore. Can’t think…*

*Blackness.*

*Experience ends.*

I gulped in hair, my hands going to my neck. Breathe, breathe. I was alive. I was alive. I could rest for a bit. I turned around, though, and the blue mist was on my heels. It couldn’t possibly have moved that fast. That was impossible. 

Closer. 

No time to think. I jumped to another hexagon. 

*A sharp pain in the back of my head and I’m on the ground, grass in my mouth. I can’t even curse before it hits again, and my head rings again. I can feel a wetness pooling from the source of the pain. And then I hear them. Her. My attacker. She’s crying.*

*“Megan?” I manage through the pain. “Megan I’ve looked–”*

*Another hit.*

*“Megan Please!”*

*Hit*

*“I…I didn’t raise you to be like this.*

*A pause.*

*“You didn’t fucking raise me, dad. Mom did. She got me out, and you killed her for it.”*

*A hit. Harder than the rest.*

*Experience ends.*

A jump. A knife. *Experience ends.* 

A jump. A beheading. *Experience ends.* 

A jump. Water everywhere. *Experience ends.* I should stop jumping. 

A jump. The bite of teeth against my neck. *Experience ends.* Nothing can be worse than this. Nothing. 

A jump. A hammer. *Experience ends.*

A jump. Tied to a stake. Flames licking at my feet. *Experience ends.* Is there more to this? Is there an end? Or am I doomed to live out deaths forever? 

 *Experience ends.* *Experience ends.* *Experience ends.* *Experience ends.* *Experience ends.* *Experience ends.* *Experience ends.* *Experience ends.*

I jump. I jump. I jump. 

A car horn. Tires squealing. I was in the middle of the road, curled up in the fetal position, tears running down my face, my clothes drenched in sweat. Someone was screaming, and it took a moment to realize it was me. 

***
 
I woke up in a hospital bed. There was nothing wrong with me apparently. They told me I’d had some sort of traumatic experience, but I’d suppressed it to avoid trauma. It took all my will not to burst out laughing when the doctor said that. Oh, it wasn’t suppressed, oh no. I remembered each death in vivid detail. Every flame, every knife, every hit. 

I didn’t tell them because they’d lock me up in a mental hospital, but I’ll tell you. Don’t go into Washington Square Park after dark. There’s a reason no one goes there, there’s a reason everyone avoids it. Don’t make the same mistake I made.I walked down the stairs of the station, the horns and sounds fading, drowned out by the echoing pitter patter of a hundred other feet as they descended the station steps. The serenade of any New York subway station. 

I navigated the sea of people like a veteran. Dancing around feet, anticipating where the next opening would be before it opened, hurrying, but not rushing. Apologizing when necessary, but keeping it curt. I made it to the turnstiles, and my train was arriving. Perfect. 

I swiped my MetroCard, but for all my expertise, I was greeted with the all too familiar “please swipe your card again at this turnstile.” I nodded to myself. Yep. That’s what I got for being cocky really. I sighed, and swiped again, with forlorn look at the train that would surely close its doors by the time I got past the offending turnstile. 

A swipe. Nothing. Black screen. The hell?  

Behind me, a woman swore. “Jesus fucking Christ.” It was a classic really. You say it softly enough so that it seems you’re saying it to yourself, but loud enough so you know damn well the offending person heard it and knew you disapproved. I deserved it. 

Another swipe. Still blank. Okay. This was now getting ridiculous. A confused murmuring began to take over the crowd. The usual cacophony of footsteps, phone conversations and wailing children that was replaced by confusion. To my side, no one was able to get past the turnstiles. Were the lights a bit dimmer? I was used to flickering lights, who wasn’t really, but it seemed downright dim. The subway doors were still open with people peeking out of them with frowns on their faces.

“This line is out of service,” chirped the automated subway voice. Then came the voice of an operator: gruff, barely understandable, and done with this shit: “all service on this line has been suspended temporarily due to a power outage. Please find alternate modes of travel.”

There was a chorus of groans across the station at the announcement and people began to slowly step out of the subway. I shook my head and sighed. So much for the 30 seconds I saved for expertly navigating the subway. 12 hours of work on a Saturday, and now this. I’d have to catch an alternate line. I just wanted to go home. 

For what? 

I didn’t really know. 

Alas, New York is cruel mistress, she cares not for anyone’s existential musings, a fact I was made privy to by the young woman yelling at me to get the hell away from the turnstile and let her out.

And so, I let myself be swept up by the sea of people spilling out of the subway stairs into the cool New York night…and stopped. Frozen. 

I’d assumed. We’d all assumed, that the blackout was local. Some issue with the station or the MTA, as usual. But we stepped out into the dark. Gone was the familiar glow of skyscrapers, the windows into ridiculously expensive apartments, the neon of the sign of a restraint selling food from a place you didn’t even know existed. We came out to a river of red brake lights cutting through a canyon illuminated by the lights of a thousand phones, in a twilight universe. 

We were silent for a moment. Awed in a sense. Awed like those very tourists we made fun of, gawking at the tall buildings that we were used to. Stumbling and laughing and pointing at sights we walked by with nary a glance. The city that never slept, it was called, yet here it was, napping. 
***
I walked the streets, taking in the sights like a child. There were horns blaring, yeah, but people talked in hushed voices for some reason, as if here, walking under the foliage of the concrete jungle was some sort of hallowed ground. In the center of an intersection a man in a reflective vest directed traffic, wielding his phone like a flare. Police? Or some random Samaritan?  It didn’t matter. Cars and pedestrians, they all listened. 

A touch. 

I whirled around, taken aback not at the touch, but my won visceral reaction. This thing must have had me more at edge than I thought. Then I looked at the source of touch.

She was short. Just over five feet, wearing jeans, a tank-top and some sort of hat. I couldn’t make out anything of her features except for the curly hair falling to her shoulders that framed her face and her wide eyes, both lit by the faint orange light of the cigarette she was smoking. And…was she wearing a monocle?

“Hey,” she said. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.”

I assured her she hadn’t. 

“Okay, well, um, my phone kinda died, and I was wondering if you could tell me how I could get to 61st and Broadway?”

The most you could lost in Manhattan was two blocks. The streets were numbered. All you had to do was walk in one direction, left or right, then up or down, figure out which ways the numbers were increasing or decreasing, and you could navigate the grid. 

Instead, I found myself telling her I’d be happy to walk her there. 

I’d never done anything like that before. Never felt…whatever the hell this was. But you could see a couple stars in the skies above Manhattan today. It was a night for miracles. 

She smiled, and there was a bit of relief in her voice. “Thank you.”

We talked. About everything really. Or nothing at all, depending on how you looked at it. Music, life, free will, food. The mysteries of the universe, if you will. She was a photographer and poet and a nurse. She asked what I did. 

A hundred answers sprung to my mind. 

I told her I was a writer. 

And then we were there. 

“Thank you,” she said. 

I assured her it was fine and winced as her fading cigarette reflected off the monocle, blinding me for a second. I didn’t ask her about I, and she didn’t volunteer any info. She let the cigarette fall to the ground and crushed it with her shoe. 

“This is crazy,” she breathed. “My first time in, you know, *the* New York, and I see it in this…whole new light.” 

I supposed you could call it that. 

And for the first time, we stood in silence. We’d run out of excuses to talk. 

“Sure,” she said, and I blinked. 

“*Shore,*” she clarified. “My name.” 

I told her mine and offered her my hand. We shook. I turned around and began walking away. I’d imagine she did the same. 

And of course it was then that the lights came back. Not slowly, a block or a story at a aa time, but blinding, all at once. New York roaring that it was back. Things were as they should be. It had napped for a while, dreamt for a bit, but now it was awake. 

It had only been 30 seconds. I could turn around. Maybe catch her face. Perhaps her other eye was wooden, hence the monocle. Or perhaps they were glasses and I just hadn’t noticed the other frame. 

I kept walking. 

If it had all been a dream, I didn’t really want to know.Original: In a world where lying doesn't exist, you are the worst supervillain: Technically True Man.

***
The world knows one thing about “Technically True Man.”

They don’t know my face, my skin color, my eyes, my voice, my country, my goals nothing. Except the name I’ve been given. “Technically True Man.” The newscasters joked that at least they had narrowed down the suspects to 1.55 billion people.

They were looking at the wrong 1.55 billion. 

I walked into the gala, red gown hugging my curves, trailing slightly on the ground. A couple of people glanced my way, but most paid no mind, I hated clothing like this, but to dress any other way would make me stick out. This glamorous thing was what I needed to blend in. I make my way through the tower made of wine glasses, the people attached to expensive jewelry. Bastards, the lot of them. Leeches. The world hung on the brink of nuclear annihilation. The Russians had stationed missiles in Cuba. Yet here they were, the most powerful people on the planet, drinking wine, and flashing smiles. 

Still, I snagged a glass. It would help the vibe I was going for. It was my most powerful tool. Clothes, face, attitude, voice. Blatant lies that weren't said, but still they screamed. They played on perception and expectations. A powerful tool. 

I walked up to the man himself – the most powerful man on the planet, or second, depending on who you asked. It didn’t matter, really. One could annihilate the earth two times over, the other only one-and-a-half times. 

“Mr. Khrushchev,” I said when I got to him, making my voice deliberately gain an American accent. That instantly drew his attention. 

“That is me,” he said, frowning at me. The frown that could destroy the world. 

“I represent the American government,” I said. Technically the truth. Not in an official capacity of course, but I was dealing on the American side for now. 

Khrushchev stiffened. “We will hear nothing. The least you could have done is have your Kennedy show up. We want your missiles out of Western Europe, and only then will we remove the missiles in Cuba.”

“You have your missiles in Cuba, Mr. Khrushchev," I said, "but what about your missiles in Moscow?" I flashed him a razor sharp smile.

Khrushchev paled. “Wh-what do you mean?”

“Moscow. I know for a fact, as does any United States agent with high enough clearance, has no missiles in its control at the moment.” I’d phrased it with no room for error. What they called an absolute truth. No chance I could be tricking him. There were no missiles under Moscow’s control. “Go ahead, call your folks in Moscow. See if they fire. Moscow won't be firing missiles for a couple of days at least.”

Moscow, Idaho, that was. 

“Th-that’s impossible,” he stammered.

“Is it?” I asked. No lie. 

"Doesn't matter," Khrushchev said with a slice of his arm. "Our missiles in Cuba are still functional. The United States by attacking first would condemn itself to ours."

"Well it's been that way for the last decade, Mr. Khrushchev," I said, examining my fingernails. "But the United States would have a window now to absolutely obliterate the USSR, while the USSR would have a fraction of their arsenal to respond with." The word "would" was key here. Would implied theoretical scenario. Yes if the United States had in fact somehow managed to cut off control of missiles from Moscow - this *would* be the case.

"You would sacrifice millions to destroy us?" he said, his hand shaking a bit.

"To prevent a hundred million from dying to a full arsenal strike? Yes we would. These are the best odds we've had to survive this mess in years."

His hand gripped the glass so tightly that I was afraid it would snap. “What do you want?" he said through gritted teeth.

I smiled and sipped my drink. “Peace on Earth, Mr. Khrushchev. And of course, a certain amount of financial compensation. Wouldn’t want information like this to leak…”Hey guys! I was putting the final touches to the final part of Priest of Man (~5000 words) but I was distracted when I found out that my stories were being stolen by another app called Shortly. Not just me, but some of my other favorite writers on Writing prompts like Inorai, Nick, Lilwa just to name a few. 

Some of you may not know but according to the reddit terms **I own a copyright on my content,** it is not okay to just take my work without my consent. More into is available over at(I am not linking the post to avoid brigading and the like). 

They did not ask my permission to do this, yet I have found multiple stories from over a year ago to merely a week or two ago that this app has posted, again, without my consent. It has done this for not only me, but, again, many other popular writing prompts authors whom I respect greatly. 

All I ask is that if you ever stumble upon one of my stories where you think they don't belong, shoot me a pm and I'll look into it. I put a lot of time and effort into these stories and I would like to retain control over them. I will be delighted to do a story request in return for your time. 

Apologies if this doesn't affect you, but I just wanted to voice my concern. Have a good evening, and expect Priest of Man Finale by tomorrow. Thanks for sticking with me so far. 

And as always, thanks for reading.

-XS

(Edit: they have 16 of my stories on there...)Original: Death is just a predator much higher on the food chain than we are, and our perception of it is as limited as an ant's perception of a child with a magnifying glass.

***

*Wow, well isn't this quite something?*

You blink, as if you can't quite believe what you're hearing. 

*Yes, yes, you're not imagining it. I'm, "speaking" to you I suppose is how you would understand it*

"B...but," you say out loud and a couple of the other specimens stare to look at you in confusion. 

*Now, now. There is no need to speak out loud. I will be able to hear your thoughts. Your kind comes along so rarely, I would hate for you to get taken in to some prison and electrified*

"Electrocuted actually," you say, this time in your head. Then you shake your head, as if you can't believe what you just "said." "Wait...I...you..."

*Use your words, now*

My mocking tone momentarily angers you, clearing your thoughts. "Who, no, *what* are you?" you say, again, in your head.   

*Ah but you know already, don't you? You were just thinking about it*

You blink and frown. "I was thinking about....something." Your frown deepens. "I know what I was thinking about, I am thinking about it right now, and when I do, everything sort of goes blurry and I feel like I'm watching myself in third person...but I couldn't tell you what exactly I'm thinking about..." 

*Precisely!* 

My sudden excitement makes you jerk. Sometimes I forget how sensitive you folk you are. 

*Apologies for that, quite rude of me. But regardless, what you're feeling, there is no way to describe it in your language. Your language is bound inherently by the three dimensions, by a limited scope, which is all most of your kind is capable of seeing.*

"Limited scope?" you retort, "what sort of bullshit is that?" You're angry, understandably; after all, I've just insulted your species.

*You know full well what I mean. Look around yourself, your fellow people, this...transport that you're in. What do you see?*

Your eyes widen, and you look around, your head jerking from left to right, up and down, out the windows, *beyond* the windows. You are like a child who has just been born into a new world. In a sense, you are exactly that. Then you look at me. There is no three dimensional direction, you just *perceive* me. You open your mouth to speak. 

*Stop. You will just confuse yourself by speaking in that tongue of yours. You now know what I say to be true. You no longer just see, you* ***perceive.***

"But..." you stammer, "I'm no philosopher! I'm just a guy bored on my commute to work. I was just thinking pointlessly about stuff!"

*Throughout history, there have been very few who've crossed the barriers you have, and in an objective sense, they are the most capable of your species. Yet not a single one makes it in your history books. To arrive at this thinking, you cannot be thinking with a purpose, the very nature of Ascending to this thought is to stumble upon it.* 

You give this a moment of thought, then nod, agreeing. Then your frown deepens. I know what you're about to ask.

*Yes quite right. There really is no point to it all. And no, you will never be happy going back to your life.*

You do not protest, you are well past such silly things. You know it to be true. Instead you set your jaw. "I will undo it all then, forget all of it. I just want my life back!"

*Which is exactly what everyone else who's made the discovery has, said, your species or otherwise. They all say the same exact thing within moments of first Ascending.*

"Has anyone done it?" you ask, and for the first time fear creeps into your voice.

*I've been trying for as long as time existed. No avail.*

"Then...." Again, like clockwork, I know what you're going to say. 

*You'll kill yourself?*

"You think I won't?" you say, again that anger rising. It's funny how even after Ascending, certain traits still remain common. 

*Oh you will try, we both know, but you know too that nothing will happen. You are now the same thing I am, Death itself. You will wander like I do, like a handful of others do, throughout time and space, killing as needed, breeding as necessary. Giving them the release you wish you could achieve. I believe your kind calls it artificial selection.*

At first you're sickened, aftereffects of the old reality. But then you speak, and your voice is calm. "To find someone capable of Ascending beyond us," you say. 

*Precisely. Only they will put an end to our suffering.*

Everyone else has left the transport, but you're still sitting where you were, looking the same, but fundamentally changed, likely forever. You look around, trying to get one last glimpse of the world that was once yours, but its too late. You can no longer see it as it once was. For you, it is already gone. 

*For what it's worth, I'm sorry*XcessiveWriting is now 1 year old! That's insane! I've been writing since about 3 months or so before the creation of the subreddit, but still, I consider this to be a one year anniversary of my writing, and it's a huge deal for me. 

**Rambling**

Last year writing was not a part of my life like at all. I'd wanted to write sure, on account of all the reading I did, but it was a vague fantasy. But here I am, writing regularly (for the most part) and writing is an integral part of my personality - one of my biggest hobbies/past times when I'm alone. I've written stories when I'm bored, and when I'm procrastinating a paper or a big assignment. It's relaxing and exciting to create at the same time. And you guys reading and commenting and enjoying my stories means a hell of a lot to me. 

**End Rambling**

I rarely do continuations of stories or sequels, but for the one year birthday I'd love to hear a story you want me to continue, and I'll do my best to do so. 

Anyways, thank you all very much for being here and making me a better writer.

And as always...Thanks for reading.

-XcessiveSmash**10 years later…**

**James**

There’s cities, and then there’s the *City.* I crossed my arms behind me and looked out the glass windows of my office. New York City stretched out in front of me in all its glory. Though I’d been seeing the view for the last 4 years – the time I’d been in this office – it never failed to give me that strange feeling of disconnection. Each sparkle of light in each of the dozen or so skyscrapers I could see represented another person, perhaps looking out their own window. Each car, each speck on the sidewalk was another life, just like mine. Each glittering speck of light in the sea of that that stretched all the way to the horizon was another human. It was almost too much to comprehend, surreal. 

As if it were a dream. 

A knock on the door interrupted my musings. I turned around to see Vanessa standing in the doorway, her eyes wide behind her wide rimmed glasses. “J-James, sir.”

I practically ran around my desk to her. Vanessa *never* freaked out. She had stared down multi-billionaires looking for a deal and, recently, collecting debts without flinching. Yet here she was, looking like she’d seen a ghost. 

“Vanessa, talk to me.”

She took a shuddering breath that made that familiar steel started coming back into her voice and posture. Her eyes narrowed, she stood up straighter, and her voice stopped shaking. “It…It’s likely nothing sir. Just the stress of, well, you know…”

“The stress of everything I’ve worked for in the last 10 years collapsing around us?” I said, a little more harshly than I intended. “Yeah, that’ll do it.” 

“I just don’t understand, sir,” Vanessa said, shaking her head. “The company has been booming since you took over, our shares were at a record high!”

And then investors had started selling. It had made no sense at all. Our stock prices were trending upwards, but a core group had sold, and this lead their friends to believe they some insider info and they sold too. The last week had seen our stock price half, and it was only trending downwards. “Forget that, Vanessa, why were you freaked out when you came in?”

Vanessa looked away from me. “It’s…nonsense sir.”

“Just tell me.”

“Well, I…I used to like this one girl in college, sir. Red hair, hazel eyes,” Vanessa blushed as she talked. 

I frowned, what was she talking about? But I gestured for her to continue. 

“Nothing ever came of it, she, uh, she died actually. But last night I saw her in a Dream-”

The world came crashing down around me. 

Of course. Of course. What else could it have been, *who* else could it have been. Targeting some key investors, nudging a bit of paranoia. With that machine of hers it would’ve been child’s play. It had taken ten years, but she’d come back. She would never have given up, I knew that the day I rejected her plan, all I could hope for was that she would fail. But some part of me had known she wouldn’t fail. Not her. 

“Sir?”

I blinked and found her looking at me with concern in her eyes. “Sir are you alright? You just…zoned out there.”

“Send her in,” I said in a hoarse whisper. 

Her eyebrows knitted together. “How did you-”

“Just…go home Vanessa, trust me. Send her in.”

She opened her mouth to say something, but something in my face made her close her mouth and walk back out. 

What was the play here? Play it cool, aloof? No that made no sense – my world was collapsing around me. Pretend to be apologetic? She’d see right through it. Pretend to still be into her? Well, I was to some extent, but I wasn’t 27 like the last time I saw her. My hormones didn’t rule me anymore. 

And then she was there. 

She wore a professional black skirt, heels, and a white collared top. A black coat hung on her arms. Her crimson her hair was tied up in a no-nonsense braid. Her hazel eyes were glittering, and her lips were pressed together as if she were trying not to smile. To gloat.  

“There was no need for that with Vanessa,” I said. “You spooked the poor girl.”

“Well I didn’t want to ruin my dramatic entrance,” Edith said with a shrug. “Having to sit in the waiting area with my hands on my lap would’ve ruined the effect no?”

She had definitely aged, not in any overt way – her face wasn’t marred by wrinkles and she herself didn’t look different, but the way she held herself, the confidence in her stride which had always been there had matured into…something. Arrogance? “You look good,” was all I said. 

Edith raised one perfectly trimmed eyebrow. “And hello to you too, James.”
 
“So,” I said. 

“So.”

Silence. Some things never changed I supposed. 

“I assume my presence here has answered all the questions you’ve had in the last week?”

I led her to the seat across from mine, but she walked past and to the window, watching the night lights. “Let’s just get to the point, Edith. You have me by the scruff of my neck, what the hell do you want? The same thing you wanted 10 years ago? The same partnership?”

“Oh god no, James,” Edith said with a dismissive wave of her hand. “I should be thanking you really, if you had said yes, we would be legitimized. Every household would know my name. I’m much more effective when no one knows I exist.”

“Just you now? I though there was an organization you worked for?”

“You’re not the only one who’s climbed the ladder, James,” Edith said with a tut. 

“Well then what *do* you want Edith?” I snarled. 

“Your attention, James,” Edith said with a little smile. “And I clearly have it.” She turned around and began to stalk out of my office. I frowned. She was...leaving? What the hell? She hadn't even told me what she wanted.  

“You’ll from me soon,” she said and closed the door behind her.Hey guys for better or worse, finals are over. I'll have a story tomorrow, and then, on average, every other day after that. I might miss a day or something (like Christmas) but I'll do my best to keep to it. Thank you for your patience these last 2 weeks!Original: you cannot lie, and everyone knows this. This nets you the position of a bank security head. You decide to rob this bank.
***
"There's going to be a robbery."

Mr. Khun raised one perfectly manicured eyebrow. "Is that so, Chelsea?" he said in a measured tone. "And how do you know this?"

I met his gaze evenly, without so much as hesitating. "Just doing my job, sir," I said. "I got wind of the fact that there's going to be a robbery, and so I figured you should know about it," I said with a shrug. Not a single lie in that sentence - I was sort of impressed. 

Mr. Khun frowned, his eyebrows coming together. "Do you know who it's going to be?"

I let one corner of my lip curl up. "Sir, are you asking me if I *know who the culprit is* before the crime even happens?"

Mr. Khun massaged his temples. "Right, right. Idiotic of me, Chelsea, it's just this whole situation is...a bit stressful. 

"I'd imagine so, sir," I said, trying not to let my relief show. That had been way too close. I hadn't actually answered the question, and luckily he hadn't pressed. He shook his head again as if to clear it. "So what should we do, Chelsea, do you know much about the plans or execution?"

"Not much," I said, answering the first question, not the second one, "I saw all we need to do is close the bank to the general public for the weekend. Most of the banking is online anyways so it wouldn't be too much of a loss."

Mr. Khun frowned. "But wouldn't the robbers just try again? This is just a delaying tactic, and on top of that, I have full faith in our security system, I'm convinced we can stop a robbery, especially one we know is coming."

"It'll only get messy Mr. Khun," I said. "We'll probably stop them, but when they realize what's going to happen they'll take hostages and the whole situation will just spiral down to hell." Mr. Khun pursed his lips but nodded. 

"And I do know for a fact  that if they don't succeed this weekend, I doubt they'll try again." It was true enough. If I failed, I'd probably be in jail. 

"Alright, Chelsea, so what is your plan specifically?" 

I bit my tongue to keep myself from grinning. "Close the bank, but let me stay inside with a handful of trustworthy people I'll handpick," I shrugged again. "I'll handle it."

Mr. Khun sat back in his chair, lips pursed, eyebrows together for what seemed like an eternity. Then finally, blessedly, he nodded. "Alright Chelsea, I trust you'll handle this."

"Oh, I most certainly will, Mr. Khun. Not to worry."

I extended my hand and Mr. Khun took it in his firm grip. I gave a shallow nod, and walked out of his office. That was when I finally allowed myself a smile. 

I had some preparations to make.  

***"Take a left here, take a left here!"

The car screeched past the turn without so much as slowing. "God damn it Parker! We were supposed to turn there!" I screamed at him in frustration. 

"Murph, the accelerator is stuck!" Parker all but screamed at me. 

"Ah shit, my bad," I tried to get my powers under control, sometimes they "leaked" so to say, and caused these inconveniences without my conscious control. 

"Alright, I think we can turn left on 17th to get to the square, make sure to move to the left lane now, those asshole cab drivers won't let you later." 

"Nah, it's fine," said Parker, "we will turn when the turn comes."

"Are you kidding me Parker," I said in a flat tone, "Move. *Now.*"

I felt a little bad as Parker grumbled something and moved to the left lane, but the guy was ridiculous. Like he delayed the enemy a ridiculous amount, but the procrastination applied to himself as well unfortunately.    

"So what's new this time, we got some zoning law violations, some small-time corrupt magistrate, or, god-forbid, another senior citizen emporium."

"Nah, we have a terrorist attack in Union square."

The car almost swerved off the road.

"*What?!*," Parker yelled, "a bloody *terrorist* attack, what are we doing dealing with stuff like *this.* The big guys are supposed to take stuff like this."

That was true enough. The big heroes minded large scale stuff like alien invasions and nuclear missiles, while us small fries handled day to day inconveniences and petty crimes. It was good work, I didn't mind. Without us small time heroes, the civilization the big-timers fought to protect would fall apart. But here we were.  

"All the top-crusts are on vacation in Honduras, but they can't come back, some arch-villain has put a containment field there, so now they're dealing with that."

"So it's up to us then," Parker asked.

"Yeah," I said solemnly.

"Damn"

I agreed. 

We rounded the East side of Union square at an incredible 30 mph (seriously, for NYC, that's light-speed), and found a war-zone.

Union square itself was on fire, some kind of explosion must have gone off there. The police was firing at some guys behind overturned cabs, a little ways down second avenue.      

And we were accelerating towards both of them. 

"What are you doing Parker!" I never thought *he* of all people would suffer a bout of heroism. "We can't reflect bullets man! We gotta be smart about this!"

"The damn accelerator is stuck again Murph!"

Damn. Of course it was. 

So we sped towards the terrorists, and they scattered to get out of the way, as we blew past the middle of the two cars they were behind. Parker turned the car sideways as we skidded to a halt, blocking the street, and acting as cover for us. 

We scrambled out of the car on the opposite side of the terrorists, putting the car  between us and them. I took out my handgun, us lower levels relied on mortal weaponry, at the same time Parker did. I immediately popped up and fired a couple of rounds, nailing one of the terrorists in the shoulder as they struggled to adjust to the sudden flank. I heard Parker's gun click next to me. 

"Ah shit, I forgot to buy bullets," he said through gritted teeth. 

"You *forgot*," I hissed.

"I *was* going to do it," he said defensively, "I go out and buy bullets every Thursday."

"Today is Friday," I said flatly.

"Yeah well, I sometimes deviate by a day or two alright?!"

I groaned. Seriously, Parker's defining personality characteristic was procrastination.  

It was at that point that 2 more terrorists appeared from *behind* us. 

"Oh shit!" I screamed.

"You get those guys, I'll influence the guys in the back to not rush us!" Parker said.

Everything slowed down. I turned and aimed my 9mm on one of them and took him in the head, his head snapped back and he fell with a cry. The other guy however was quick, he aimed, his gun pointed directly at me, and pulled the trigger.

Nothing happened at first. Then his gun exploded. 

The man fell back with a cry of pain and alarm, and I shot him as he was distracted. My powers caused guns to jam all the time, but straight up *explode?* That was rare. 

Behind us, the original group had not charged us, courtesy of Parker. His powers inspired a feeling of lethargy and desire to not doing anything more. His power would actually be A-level, if the procrastination didn't apply to himself. It was practically mind control.  

So normally the terrorists would be retreating or changing tactics in the face of a flank like this, but instead they just stayed put like idiots, and between us and the police we got them soon enough. 

We were sitting in a Starbucks a half hour later. 

"You know, that was actually pretty fun," said Parker., "we should do stuff like that more often Murphy."

"Yeah, you know how to show a girl a good time Parker, I love being shot at and almost dying," I replied, but there was humor in my voice.

Parker just laughed. "You know it does beat that senior citizen emporium by a mile at least."

I couldn't argue with that.Written for a contest with prompt: A Spy story including artificial intelligence, featuring a waiter. Hope you enjoy
***
Ten minutes till the body arrived, and I felt no better about this bodyguarding thing. Too much depended on the body not being an idiot. I shook my head, on edge before the assignment had even started.

A tug at my jacket. I almost overreacted, going for my gun, before I saw it was a little boy. He looked up at me and I flinched.

A bot.
 
He was shaped like a normal human, sure, but his skin had a metallic sheen and his blue eyes had a certain falseness to them that was very deliberate. Bots were given a sleeve – an artificial body – at “birth.” The sleeves could be outwardly indistinguishable from the appearance of any human. Someone had chosen to give him a sleeve that would identify him as a bot for any onlooker.
 
He tugged my jacket again. “Miss, would you like to donate to support bot rights?” he said in  a completely human voice. He gestured further down the street to a couple whose sleeves also clearly marked them as bots, his parents probably, and held placards saying “PROUD TO BE AI,” and “WE HAVE NO NEED TO HIDE.” 
 
Absolutely no one paid them any mind.
 
When I didn’t react, the kid just walked away. I watched as he tugged on another man who looked down and pushed him to the ground when he saw the boy’s face. “Fucking bot,” he snarled, shaking his head.
 
What parent would let this happen–
 
I cut that thought off as I saw Oberon turn into the street. He was a tall, dark-skinned man, sporting a modest suit, anywhere between 40 and 60. He walked over to the bot boy who was dusting himself off. His face brightened when he saw Oberon.
 
“Oberon!” he said and threw his arms around him.
 
“Jake,” Oberon said with a laugh. “How are you doing? Any donations?”
 
“Not really,” Jake said.
 
“Sorry, what was that you said?” Oberon asked with a smile, holding a 100-dollar bill in his hand which appeared as if by magic.  
 
The boy squealed in delight, took the money and ran back to his parents. I shook my head. It would only encourage them. Bots were best when they blended in with society, stayed low. Flaunting it was idiocy.

Oberon himself was looking at the boy with a smile on his face. I exhaled and cleared my head – I had a job to do. I knew Oberon funded bots rights rallies like this. It didn’t matter. I forced myself to smile, and walked briskly toward him.
 
“Mr. Oberon?” I said.
 
He tore his eyes away from the kid and looked to me, his eyes wary. No multi-billionaire came to some random side street and expected to be recognized. “Yes?” he said.
 
I offered him my hand. “Elizabeth Rhodes, Agent.” I kept my voice normal. Lowering it would only attract attention, and odds were no one was paying attention to two out of hundreds of people on the street.
 
Oberon straightened, and his eyes went wide. “I see. Are you here to kill me?”
 
I shook my head. “I have been assigned to protect you for the next 3 hours, Mr. Oberon.”
 
“Who hired you?” he asked, a bit sharply.
 
I gave a one-shouldered shrug. “I have no idea. The client hired the Agency and the Agency assigned me the job.”  
 
“Two years ago an Agent from your Agency almost killed me!” he snarled.
 
I spread my arms. “Mr. Oberon, the Agency takes contracts. Government, organizations, and extremely rich individuals come to us with jobs. We do them; it’s nothing personal.” I forced a smile, using the Agency go-to to put civilians at ease. “We’re the Netflix of spies and mercenaries, Mr. Oberon. Almost no country wants to pour money into their own intelligence operatives when they’d be clearly inferior to us.”
 
Oberon gave a bark of laughter at that. “Be that as it may, I have no reason to trust you, Ms. Rhodes. This could very well be a set-up.” His eyes darted to the sides, as if he expected other Agents to pop out of the garbage cans and charge him. He began to move toward the restaurant. 
 
“I was to tell you this to ensure the client’s integrity, Mr. Oberon,” I said in a furious whisper as he pushed past me. He stopped. “L13WX679.”
 
He froze.
 
I allowed myself a small smile. “Does that mean anything to you, Mr. Oberon?” I asked innocently. I knew damn well what it meant. The number had been his serial number – equivalent to a human’s Social Security number. Mr. Oberon was a bot himself, but unlike the protestors, no one could tell.
 
I had to hand it to him, his voice didn’t shake. “There is no need to play coy, Ms. Rhodes. I think we both know what it means. I accept your protection.”
 
“Excellent,” I said. An easy job for once. Oberon was loaded and his home was a fortress. We would sit in his living room drinking iced tea or something for three hours, then I’d be done with this. “I recommend we head back to your home.”
 
“No.”
 
Of course not.
 
“And why not?” I asked, letting an edge bleed into my voice.
 
“Ms. Rhodes,” Oberon said with a sigh, “I have eaten at this restaurant every Saturday for the last 35 years. I do not intend to stop today.”
 
“You do realize your life could be in danger? Not just could be, Mr. Oberon,” I amended. “It is. The Agency is not cheap. Three hours is a very specific window, you understand.”
 
“Ms. Rhodes, I am going to walk into that restaurant, feel free to follow me,” he said. With that, he brushed past me towards the building I’d been leaning against. I groaned and followed. What else could I do?
 
Bodyguarding…
 

We sat at a table for two. I’d picked a table that put my back to a wall so I could watch who came in and out. The restaurant had a glass wall facing the street but blocked mostly by curtains. Otherwise it was a bit crowded, with half a dozen of the metal tables occupied.
 
“For what it’s worth, I apologize for the inconvenience, Ms. Rhodes,” he said sheepishly. “I know you’re just trying to do your job.”
 
“I understand, Mr. Oberon,” I said as someone walked in. Was that a weapon they had tucked in their left pocket? “Everyone has their delusions, it’s hard to let them go.” Ah, not a gun, some sort of strange wallet.
 
Silence. At that moment I registered what I’d said and debated banging my head against the table. I hadn’t been paying attention – it had just slipped out.
 
“I-I’m sorry, Mr. Oberon,” I stammered. “I misspoke–”
 
I was cut off by the waiter appearing. A young man with golden hair, blue eyes and an infectious smile. “Ready to order?”
 
“Just water,” I said briskly.
 
“Miso Ramen soup,” Oberon said.
 
The waiter nodded. “Excellent. Nothing for you other than the water, miss?”
 
I waved him away.
 
“What did you mean, delusions?” Oberon asked after the waiter left.
 
“Nothing, Mr. Oberon. It was a mistake.”
 
“Please don’t apologize for speaking your mind.” He sighed and shook his head. “I’m guessing you, like most other humans, think bots have no emotions.”
 
I shrugged. 
 
A pair got up from a table and left, having paid their bill. The restaurant was still fairly crowded; I doubted anyone would try anything. “I have interacted with many bots, Mr. Oberon, rest assured, I know they are quite capable of expressing joy, sorrow, dismay, whatever.”
 
“Expressing, Ms. Rhodes? Not feeling?” he said with a smile.
 
Perceptive bastard. I didn’t say anything, and that was answer enough for Oberon.
 
“You think bots don’t really feel anything, right?” Oberon continued in a furious whisper, his smile suddenly discarded. “That we just know the right times to stretch our facial muscles to laugh or cry. You don’t think us capable of mourning a dead love enough to go to her favorite restaurant every week! We’re sociopaths to you.”
 
A group and a couple left. No one seemed to have heard us but the place was growing too empty for my taste.
 
“I saw you looking at Jake and his parents, the disdain. You hate us for protesting, for showing our existence!”
 
“Mr. Oberon,” I said, making my voice cordial. “You are putting words in my mouth. I’m here to protect you, not argue bot rights.” I should’ve stopped but didn’t. “And as for ‘showing your existence,’ if you’re so proud why don’t you proclaim to the world you’re a bot? Why the secrecy? Why fund the protests through proxies? Being branded a bot is being a social pariah, so you let others take the hit while they fight for your rights. I don’t think you have a moral leg to stand on.”
 
Oberon’s face was pinched.
 
At that moment, our waiter arrived with two bowls of soup. He put one in front of Oberon and offered me the other. “Kitchen’s compliments.”
 
“I appreciate the offer, but I’m fine,” I said.
 
“We’d just have to throw it out,” he said.
 
I didn’t want to make a scene. “Fine,” I said, biting off the word.
 
Oberon took one sip of the Miso, I just looked around the waiter to see the door. Only one other person left.
 
I noticed the waiter wasn’t moving. “Anything else?” I said.
 
He opened his mouth to say something then shook his head and went back to the kitchen. Oberon and I didn’t talk. It had been dumb to say what I did, but to hell with it. Bots were fine as they were now – with the Secrecy Law, they could pretend to be human and get fair treatment. It was somewhat of a game in elite circles, to guess who was a bot and who wasn’t. Was the person up here with me here on merit? Or because they have an artificial advantage? To draw attention to bots was dumb. 
 
The last person left. We were the only ones left in the restaurant. Strange that no one else had come in. As the person was walking out I saw the sign hanging on the inside of the glass wall. “Open.” If that was facing us, the outside world saw “Closed.” But Oberon came at this time everyday…
 
I turned to Oberon. He was frozen, pupils drifting to the sides of his eyes, mouth making strange motions.
 
Gloriella – harmless to humans, but induced a temporary “allergic” reaction in bots. Fuck. I hadn’t expected the restaurant itself to be in on it.

It made no sense. Why kill him today? He’d been coming to the place for 35 years. What was different today?
 
I was here. That’s what.
 
The waiter burst out from the kitchen door, a silenced submachine gun in his hand. He didn’t aim at Oberon, but at me. I saw it coming and threw myself to the side as he pulled the trigger. Silenced as it was, the noise was deafening as the bullets ripped out of the barrel and slammed into the wall I’d been against.
 
I took out my own silenced pistol and fired a couple rounds at the waiter, but he reacted too quickly, overturning a metal table and using it as cover. Smart. I did the same. Our guns were silenced, so the bullets probably wouldn’t go through the cover.
 
Still I fired experimental shots at his cover, to no avail. I threw myself down as he returned fire, and felt the bullets hit the table – I tensed, expecting them to go through and tear into me, but the bullets just left the table dents and me with shivers.
 
Fucking hell. The whole thing was a setup. The job had been made up to target me specifically, to catch me off guard. They had even gotten Oberon’s serial number. I bet my soup had Gloriella in it too, to check if I was a bot or not. And like an idiot I’d fallen right into their trap. An Agent was always on guard, but I hadn’t expected to be targeted in a job where I was supposed to be protecting someone else.
 
Footsteps.
 
I popped up and shot a man who had come out of the kitchen holding an assault rifle. He croaked and fell back, a hole between his eyes, dropping the assault rifle on the ground. The kitchen entrance was right next to the waiter’s cover – the rifle, luckily, had fallen in front of his cover. But next time, if someone threw a weapon to him instead of trying to come out, I’d be done.
 
As if he could hear my thoughts, the waiter screamed, “Throw me a goddamn weapon!” As he shouted, I picked out a clanking noise – he was reloading.
 
“What?!” came a voice from the kitchen. That was the thing with firing weapons indoors: it left human ears ringing.
 
I vaulted the cover and sprinted. 20 feet between us.
 
The waiter stole a glance above cover and saw me. He cursed and ducked as I fired at him.
 
10 feet.
 
I heard the sound of the clip being slotted in. I wouldn’t make it to him fast enough, he’d riddle me with bullets – he wouldn’t miss at this range.
 
Good thing I wasn’t going for him.
 
I picked up the assault rifle from where it had fallen and fired through his cover.
 
He screamed as the bullets went tore through his cover like paper and found their mark. I barely heard it over the roar of the rifle in my hands. I didn’t hear the woman in the kitchen who shot me in the face at all.
 
Pain exploded from my cheek for a moment before getting cut off. I swiveled and sighted the redhead who had fired. Her mouth was a perfect “O” of surprise. I blew her away.
 
“Ms. Rhodes!”
 
I whirled around to find Oberon gaping at me, his eyes not at the corpses strewn across the restaurant, but at my face. The bullet had embedded itself inside my cheek and hadn’t hit the brain. This sleeve was worth every penny.
 
“You are…,” he began.
 
“A bot, yes,” I said with a sigh. “How else do you think I’m one of the best Agents at the Agency?”
 
"How can you think what you said earlier then?!" Oberon's face was red. "All that about emotions. Bots have emotions. *You* have emotions!"

I shrugged. "I've spent so long imitating them...I honestly can't tell the difference anymore."

“Earlier,” he said. “All an act?”
 
“Oh, not at all, Oberon, logic is no act,” I said. “The Secrecy Law was the best thing that ever happened to bots. We could exist among humans, better than them in every way, without the prejudice. Your kind gives us a bad name. A bot’s identity is her most valuable asset, far more valuable than a botched bodyguarding job.”
 
His eyes widened as he registered the meaning of my words.
 
I turned the assault rifle toward him and unloaded the clip.BOTTOM LINE: A serial story every other day, so expect the next part to **A** series after 4 days. 

Example: 

Day 1: War

Day 3: Blood

Day 5: War

Day 7: Blood

So you see how that works?

I will also post standalone stories ofc, as they come (I have a ton that I've written but just haven't posted, so expect those as well!)

I've dived back into writing after doing (relatively) less of it the last two months or so, and I want to set up a solid schedule so to keep me on track but all the same not burn me out between everything else (research, work, classes, social life) I have going on. Hope this helps!Original: I’m sorry, you've reached your 100 thought limit. Would you like to spend $4.99 to get 50 more thoughts?

***
“Jared don’t do this,” Erin said, gripping my hand.

I ripped it away, “I have to Erin, I just…” I snarled in frustration. How could I explain it? “You remember right? On my 18th birthday?”

Erin’s tearful face twisted into a scowl and then tears again. “I remember it was the day I lost you.”

I shook my head. “Erin, that day, there was an overflow error. There was no restriction on my thoughts. Do you get that Erin? None. Not thousands, not millions, limitless thoughts Erin. Imagine that.” I recalled the memory, the sheer freedom it had been. No rationing thoughts, no meditation techniques to empty my mind. They hadn’t yet figured out how to lock access to memories, so I replayed the memory of that day often. It was a crutch and a drug. 

“You can’t even think a thousand things in one day! The cap is generous, Jared, why don’t you get that!” she cried, tears streaking down her face. 

I smiled. “It’s you who doesn’t understand, my dear.” I squeezed her hand and turned to go inside the basement, leaving her crying behind me. 

I didn’t look back. 

***

The inside of the clinic smelled of blood and antiseptic. I’d expected dirt and filth, befitting an underground anarchist clinic, but it was spotless. The white tiled floor had not a spot on it. Nor did the counter at which the nurse was seated. She smiled when she saw me. 

“And what are you here for, young man?” she asked. 

I hated being called young man, it might as well be “kid.” I was 21, I could think as well as any of those “adults.” 

“I h-heard,” I shook my head. I couldn’t show fear. “I heard I could get my mind chip removed here – remove the cap on my thoughts.”

The woman frowned. “But that would be illegal, young man. The penalty of tampering with mind chips, why, it’s death! Without those chips people could think dangerous thoughts. Unconstrained thinking is dangerous.”

No, no, I knew what this was. A dance. I’d seen the movies. “Let’s say I was very motivated.” I slid forward a hundred-dollar bill. These days a hundred dollars could buy a car – or 2000 thoughts. “*Very* motivated.” Another hundred. 

The woman’s eyes grew wide. 

“Well there is something to be said about the passion of youth,” she said. “But I don’t know…”

Another hundred. 

The woman smiled and tucked the bills inside her shirt. “Why, right this way young man.” She got up and gestured for me to follow. 

I followed her down another pristine hall, barely able to contain my excitement. It was happening. It was really, finally happening. Erin was an idiot. Mark had no reason to lie to me, why would he? And I’d been right – Mark had told the truth. Soon, my mind would be free. 

She opened a door and gestured for me to go inside. 

I followed and froze. Inside stood a couple bored looking Cerebral Regulation agents. 

“Here’s one, boys,” the nurse said with a smile. “Like flies to a fire.”

“No problems?” One asked, a woman. 

“What do you mean?” I asked, not really understanding. “Is it a matter of pay-”

Pain. 

One second I was standing up, the next there was what seemed like molten lead on my face and I was on the ground. “Shut the fuck up kid,” the nurse snarled. “Corpses don’t talk.”

“What was that about pay,” one of the agents asked. 

The nurse shrugged. “Loot his body after, he certainly didn’t pay me a dime.”

I opened my mouth to say something, anything, but the nurse had her foot over my face. No, no, no they couldn’t kill me right? They wouldn’t. That punk Mark, he’d always liked Erin, I’d get a fine, a warning, and then –Original Prompt: A scientist has discovered the vaccine of immortality. The only side effect is, though, infertility. After the whole world got vaccinated, it turns out immortality is a hoax it is just an infertility vaccine.

***
We like to think we’re “civilized.” That we don’t revel in the pain of our enemies, that we don’t wish the most horrible of fates in those who would hurt us and ours. It’s a truth that makes us uncomfortable, that inside each one of us sleeps a beast that would rip apart anyone, *anyone* who dared cross a line. The line is different for everyone. For a mother it may be harming her child, for a patriot it may be invading his country, for a miser it may be taking his money. 

We can pretend all we want, it changes nothing. There is a monster inside all of us, and for many of us, it came out with betrayal of Dr. Karen Williams. 

She stood in front of the prison, flanked by armed guards. She’d go inside the squat building behind her which contained the best doctors the world had to offer. They would work very, very hard to keep her alive for as long as they could. She would be tortured every day until she died. It would be a televised event. All proceeds would go to the effort to counter her heinous crime. 

But now she stood, and, through some strange consensus, although no one had decided upon this, she spoke to the crowd of millions that had gathered to watch her go in, and the crowd, the world, had known she would. 

“You hate me,” she said, her voice being played on millions of screens. “You think I have–”

“Shut the fuck up!” Someone said.

“Someone just shoot that bitch," another voice called out, both were immediately silenced.

Dr. Karen continued as if nothing had happened. “You think I have betrayed you, that I am some twisted, insane maniac who thinks the human race doesn’t deserve to continue. That the world would be better off without us.”

The world held its breath. Everyone had thought her one of those maniacs. A few idiots had praised her, saying it was the right thing to do, before their neighbors had ripped them apart. Not everyone had taken the vaccine of course - the human race would live on. But this wasn't much comfort to the huge part of the population who'd had their hope for children ripped away from them

“This could not be further from the truth,” she said. “I have committed a grave crime, I admit. If there is a hell, I will spend an eternity in it after being inflicted with whatever agony you can imagine, but years later, when the anger has faded and the objectivity kicks in, you’ll thank me.”

“We’ll all be dead in a few years you bitch!” A voice called, and this time a small chorus echoed its sentiment before being silenced.

She smiled. As she was about to die in the worst way in history she smiled. “Humans will be united. For the first time in history, almost every mind in the world will be united to achieve something. Infertility? Please, you’ll solve it in a few years,” she scoffed. “But once you have a taste of this cooperation, you’ll do it again. Not immediately perhaps, or not fully, but you’ll see what a united humanity can do and you’ll do it again. And again. And again. I have ushered in a new golden age. You may not see it now, your children might not, nor their children. But someone down the line will. I’m sure of it.”

Dead silence greeted her. 

The guards escorted her inside the building without ceremony. She was screaming and crying hours later. 

***
**An excerpt from *History: A Human Perspective*, © December 2267**

*The infertility crisis as it is known, is somewhat of a misnomer. It is what caused the birth of the United Science League, and gave the United Nations sweeping powers to control research funding. Within a decade a cure to the vaccine was found, but these organizations persisted. Within half a century we had a colony on the moon, had terraformed Mars, and a century later we had mastered interstellar travel. Sociologists predicted that such progress, such a united front, might have taken a 1000 years to occur and at the cost of some war or the other. The world agrees, perhaps a bit grudgingly, that Dr. Karen Williams is perhaps the single most vital catalyst in human history. A hero, some might say.***Nick**

*Present Day*

I’d last been here 793 days, some million dollars, and a girl ago. Bright lights, cold air, fledgling magicians and slow-walking tourists – Times Square.
 
I walked through the crowd, my mind drifting. A distant part of me noted the frowning faces, the people who would stop and turn as I walked, a question on their lips, but I just kept walking. I had somewhere to be. 
 
A few seasoned New Yorkers and I jaywalked across the street, and then I was there. They called it the Trap; a sidewalk trapezoid, bound by two avenues and populated by magicians.

She wouldn’t be here. She’d just gotten out today, there’s no way she’d come right here.
 
I passed a magician with a few dollars in a red hat in front of him. He was wearing nothing but a gaudy silver loincloth, dancing to some ridiculous music. The music stopped for a moment, no doubt to focus on the epic act that was going to happen, and sure enough, the man took a breath and jumped, straight up, about 20 feet in the air, twisting two, three, four times, before landing on his feet where fireworks erupted from the ground. Didn’t quite stick the landing either; he stumbled a bit.
 
Strange though, I’d expect more people at a show like that. Tourists just liked flashy. There were almost no magicians in small towns or countrysides. There was something about it. Magic. It drove us forward, to pursue dreams, heights, aspirations. And this was a city that awed you with her beauty and promised you the world. So we were drawn to New York City like moths to a flame.
 
Or perhaps rats to a tune.
 
I turned to the dense knot of people gathered at the center of the Trap. I couldn’t make out anything but flashes of blue light from the center.
 
Tons of magicians used some form of blue light. It didn’t mean anything.
 
And yet my feet had me walking into the crowd. My arms joined the mutiny as I squeezed past people. They would turn, angry, then hush as they saw me. Some recognized me, but mostly they saw the pin on my jacket. A wand crossed with a lightning bolt – the sign of the Guild. I knew what they were thinking. Maybe I was here to observe or to offer a deal. Perhaps a recruiter or maybe a talent scout.
 
They were all wrong.
 
The crowd collectively sucked in a breath as a massive lightning bolt struck the center of the circle, and blue and gold sparks flew lazily up in the air, seemingly randomly, then started to move with a purpose.
 
I began to push my way through the sea of people until there was no one to push past.
 
She stood there, in a black dress that complemented her pale skin and bleach-white hair. How the hell did she find a dress? How the hell was she still this good? The crowd cheered at the masterful display as the blue-gold sparks arranged themselves as wings behind her, and she rose a few feet above the crowd. She was an albino angel in all black, with wings made of living lightning.  
 
I was looking up into the angel’s eyes, and she was looking down into mine.
 
I didn’t hear her, but I saw her lips move.
 
“Nick.”
 
“Phoebe,” I mouthed back.
 
And then both of us were back on that day.
 

**Phoebe**

*793 days ago*
  
Nick and I strode out toward the Trap, his arm locked with mine. It was crowded as hell. One magician conjured up pillars of ice around her, and others did tricks and acrobatics, leaping through circles of flame they themselves conjured.
 
Amazing. The largest stage in all of the world and we were on it. No need to pay an entrance fee. Perform and the audience would follow.

Or, well, almost no entrance fee. Nick and I unraveled a red piece of rope and laid it out in a twenty foot circle around us. Our own personal arena telling viewers not to come any closer.   
  
“Ready?” Nick asked, looking to me, his dark eyes reflecting the neon lights.
 
“Ready,” I said back.
 
We unlinked our arms and bowed to the nonexistent audience.Just part of the show, Nick always said.
 
Nick conjured up a fireball the size of a baseball and offered it to me. I reached out, feeling the currents and strands of his magic as he unraveled them, letting it loose, and I grabbed at it with my own. It was a tricky thing, to control magic not your own.
 
With the fireball now floating above my palm, I wove my own threads, and a web of lightning surrounded the fireball. The flames licked at their cage, but my spell held. I tossed it up into the air and wove the magic above the ball while I felt Nick weave the magic below it, and perfectly in sync, my lightning bolt struck the ball from the top while Nick’s lance of fire struck it from below. The sphere blew apart in a brilliant flash of blue and red, causing almost everyone to look our way.
 
Nick and I exchanged a quick glance and I couldn’t help but smile as both of us began weaving our spells again.
 
It was a dance of sorts. There was never a script with us, not really. Sure we had tricks like that starting one, and I loved my angel impression, but the order, the execution, the interaction…It was as new to us as it was to the audience.
 
We’d attracted quite the crowd now. Nick swept the ground in whips of fire and I “flew” above them with my electric wings. 
 
In the front row a young-looking guy in a hoodie gave a wolf whistle.
 
“Dance more for us, hottie!” another man behind him said.
 
I ignored them. 3AM New York City – sometimes a bad crowd was expected. The kind that yelled and cheered instead of oohing and aahing.
 
It was then that I noticed the woman with glasses in the front row. She was in a professional pantsuit and held a tablet in her hands. Her distinctive feature, however, was the pin on her coat. A wand crossed with a lightning bolt. A thrill went through me. The Guild. A talent scout from the Guild was here.
 
I almost botched a weave and sent lightning into the crowd, but I caught myself at the last moment, sending it horizontally above them, getting whoops and angry complaints from the side that didn’t get the lightning bolt.
 
Nick reacted immediately and sent a cascade of fire to the side feeling neglected, perfectly on point. Had he not seen the fucking Guild Recruiter? I tried to catch his eyes as he made impressive arcs and lances of fire around him, but no avail. Damn it.
 
Get ahold of yourself Phoebe. Don’t fuck this up.   
 
So I continued, dancing, weaving, performing as Nick did the same. Was it me or was the Recruiter paying special attention to me? Was she smiling?
 
I dodged lightning bolts I myself made and evaded harmless but impressive looking sparks Nick conjured when the same people who’d catcalled earlier jumped into the ring.
 
No, no, no!
 
The idiots laughed drunkenly as they barely jumped over one of Nick’s whips of fire.
 
Precedent was clear. When idiots like these jumped in the ring, magicians stopped the act. But the representative…
 
The Guild scout was watching, one hand covering her mouth. God damn it.
 
I let go of my weaves, magic dissipating. Or so I thought. One of my lightning bolts, whose weaves I’d let go of, continued moving, seemingly of its own will.


**Nick**

*785 Days Ago*

 
I sat at a coffee shop with the Guild scout, the woman at that show.
 
“An unfortunate turn of events,” the woman said, her lips pressed into a thin line. “She is an extremely talented magician.”
 
And what was I, chopped liver? “Involuntary manslaughter,” I said. “Two years. It could’ve been worse.”
 
The woman sipped at her coffee. “It should not have happened at all. The jury was biased against magicians. Not a single magician was on it. They fear us.”
 
I laughed. “Magicians aren’t a threat anymore,” I said. “A gun works much better and faster than a ball of fire or a bolt of lightning.”
 
“And do you honestly think that means anything to most people?” she asked.
 
I shrugged. This was not the conversation I thought I’d be having. “So, will you just wait two years for her?”
 
She laughed mirthlessly. “There is no waiting, Nick, her career is over. She will be blacklisted at every official magic event. She will never get off the Trap.”
 
We sat in silence.
 
Finally, she sighed. “You yourself do, however, show promise…”
 
I perked up.  
 

**Phoebe**

*Present Day*

In a way, I hadn’t been surprised when he’d shown up at the Trap, in a Guild outfit at that.
 
We walked the streets seemingly at random, with me moving us further from the bustling avenues.
 
“I see you’ve made it,” I said, gesturing to his suit and pin.
 
Nick shrugged, though I could make out the smile tugging at his lips. “It would’ve been better with you at my side.”
 
“I’m sure,” I said.
 
He frowned. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
 
“What do you think?” I asked.
 
Nick sighed. “Phoebe. I was busy. Guild life, it–”
 
I held up a hand. “Please, Nick. I get you. You didn’t want to associate with me, wanted to distance yourself from the accident.” I laughed. “They had to fucking subpoena you to get you to show up to court at all!”
 
“Would visiting you have made any difference, Phoebe?!” he shouted back. “My life was set, yours was already–”
 
“Finish the sentence, Nick.”
 
He looked away.
 
“Yet here you were today,” I said, relentless. “Were you looking for me tonight, Nick? Did you want to impress me by wearing your best suit and the Guild pin?”
 
“I–” he began.
 
“Or was it the guilt, Nick?”
 
He froze and swiveled to look toward me. He saw the weaves around me, finally felt the air charged with magic.
 
“I-I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he stammered.
 
 
**Nick**

*793 Days ago*
 
The Guild woman was looking at her. Not me, not us, but her.
 
I tried; I really did. Weave faster, move with more grace, perform better. But nothing worked. It was like I wasn’t even there.
 
Then the two idiots jumped into the ring.
 
We stopped, as we should, but one of Phoebe’s weaves was still open. Inviting. If I grabbed it and changed its direction just a bit. It wouldn’t kill him, but it would sure as hell not impress the scout…
 
 
**Phoebe**

*Present Day* 

“‘I don’t know what you’re talking about,’ seriously?” I said. “I know what you did. It was you at that show, you grabbed my weave!”   
 
“Phoebe–”
 
“And now I’m done, Nick. I’ll never make it.” I took a step forward and he took a step back.
 
I felt a shift as Nick tried a weave of his own, but I reached forward and unraveled them before they could even form. He gaped at me.
 
“How–”
 
“I had a lot of time to think, Nick. To consider, to learn. And anyways,” I said, “I was always better than you were.”
 
“I-I can get you in, Phoebe, into the Guild,” he said as he scrambled to weave again, but to no avail.
 
I allowed myself a small smile, and made lightning flutter across my body, just to see the blood drain from his face.
 
“And now, for my final trick…”(Sorry for the long break - blame midterms)

Original: A disease has infected half of the world's population. There is no cure and there is no test for infection. The only symptom is a permanent inability to reason logically. You do not know whether you are infected or not.

***

It’s funny, how every day begins normally. I woke up like any other day, Derek was already gone. I went into the kitchen, and I saw Derek had made breakfast for me. I smiled and as always, took it with me to and curled up in a chair with a book. I used to watch the news, but it was too depressing. The Logic Hunters…whatever. It wasn’t my problem. I’d had an entire youth of messing with other people’s business – it was just a headache. Nothing ever changed for the better. I was done. 

The day went by as it normally did. Reading from chair to chair, waiting for Derek to come back. Maybe we could watch a movie or something when he got back? 

A knock. 

In the books, the protagonist has an uneasy feeling. Almost like a premonition when there’s *that* knock. You know it. It’s some terrible tragedy or the beginning of some grand adventure, and as the main character walks to the door, she’s cautious, aware something is wrong as if warned by some sixth sense. That isn’t how it works in the real world. 

I looked up from my book and up at the time. It was too early for it to be Derek. Or maybe he was back early. Wearing a smile on my face I went up to open the door, fully expecting Derek to be leaning against the doorway. 

He wasn’t. 

Two people stood at the door, and I noticed the symbol on their green uniforms. A pen crossed with a sword. The Logic Hunters. Two of them, no weapons in sight. One was a tall man with dark hair, and the other was a petite woman with emerald eyes and red hair. I wasn’t afraid. They would never dare bring me in. I was the reason their government even existed, and the country would collectively riot if anything were to happen. Maybe they needed some consulting again?

I sighed, “I’m sorry, please tell Mr. Andrews that I’m done with revolutions and politics and all of that. No I will not advise you, no–”

“Pardon me Ms. Williams,” the woman, I squinted, no girl, really. She couldn’t have been out of college. They were getting them early it seems. She cringed when she interrupted me. “I-I just wanted to say what an honor it is to meet you –”

I sighed. “Please, just get to the point.”

The girl swallowed and turned beet red. She glanced quickly at the other Logic Hunter who was looking everywhere but at me and spoke. “I-I’m really sorry, Ms. Andrews, we were here for a customary informing.”

Finally, finally, I began to sense something was wrong. “Customary informing?” I frowned. 

“You were the one listed in his will. Normally the state would confiscate all the goods, but we of course made a special exception for you.”

I stopped listening past “will.” “Whose will?” I breathed. The narrowed. It was as if I were looking through a tunnel, with emotions locked behind some distant haze. “Whose will?” I asked again, louder, and the girl flinched. I didn’t care.

“Your, uh, your husband ma’am. A Derek Williams.”

“He’s dead?” I asked. Simple, that was best. There was a roaring in my ears and I couldn’t really think. There was some sort of pressure in my head, threatening to burst out. 

“Ah, yes, ma’am. He attended a resistance meeting and one of our bugs was present there. We have the recording of him and everyone at the meeting plotting against the Logic Hunters specifically. Going as far as to allege that the Logic Disease was made up!” She laughed as if this were somehow funny. As if she could deliver to a woman the death of her husband and find something to laugh about. “Simply being at these meetings of course, is illogical and proof of infection. As the New Constitution stipulates, those proven to have the disease are to be summarily executed.”

She looked at me and something in my face caused her to look down. “I-I’m sorry,” she said. “I understand how much it must hurt to have your very own husband be a rebel of a government you helped found.”

“This wasn’t what I had envisioned,” I said, my voice coming out dry. I had told him. *Told* him. Mind your own business, you won’t make a difference. Nothing changes, never for good. All you get is blood and tears. I knew, I’d caused plenty. 

“He’s dead?” I asked again, numb. The truth still hadn’t set in. He would walk in any moment now, run his hands through his hair like he always did and call it a joke. He couldn’t be gone. Not Derek. 

The girl looked worried now. “Yes ma’am I just said that.”

I wanted to throttle her, to bash her head against the pavement. I had a gun vault behind the door in the wall, I could do it. 

I closed my eyes and exhaled. Took my emotions and just…pushed them aside, as I'd so often done when I was young, when I had a world to change. I needed logic right now. Cold and hard. Killing them wouldn’t help, wouldn’t bring Derek back. “Thank you,” I said and shut the door in their faces. 

I walked back to where I’d been sitting and just sat…staring at a wall. I should’ve done more, I should’ve stopped him. Convinced him. Done *something* to prevent this. Maybe if I'd actually supported him instead of talking him down he'd be alive. *Or maybe you'd be dead too* a voice whispered in my head. I ignored it. I was this country’s hero for fuck’s sake, and I was here moping!

I just wanted to cry. If I cried it would be okay, it would be a release, but the tears did not come, only a ball in my chest. Of despair, helplessness, and largest of all, rage. 

If I’d built it, I could tear it down. And I would do it. They had taken Derek, and I'd take away everything they had. It was time to start giving a fuck again.  
 
I went to the phone.(As pointed earlier, writing competition + exam + work have swamped me recently, hence the lack of serial entries. Expect them post-Wednesday)
***
Original: You have realized that your best friend is your son/daughter from the future who wants to hang out and get to know you since you die before he/she was born 

***
“Hey, can we talk?”

I was standing out in the rain, outside my house, on the phone, while the love of my life played with my son. *My son.*

James sounded confused. “Right now, Mark? Aren’t you busy?”

“Yeah,” I said, mouth dry. 

“Alright man,” James said, concern suffusing his voice. He realized I was upset. Hell, *I* hadn’t realized I was upset. That’s was the thing with best friends – they knew you better than you knew yourself. “I’m at my apartment, just come on over.”

I frowned. “I thought you were busy?” I’d asked him yesterday to come see my kid, but he’d refused. Saying he was on some trip.

“Look,” he said, and I could just imagine him running his hands through his hair in frustration, “now I’m not busy. You gonna come or not?”

I looked at my house one last time and got into the car.

***

James opened the door with a frown on his face. 

“Jesus Christ, man, you’re drenched,” he said. “Hold here.” He disappeared then came back with a towel for me. 

I rubbed my face in it, feeling each small strand prick at me, caress my skin. 

“You alright?” James asked. “Did…did something happen with m– the kid?”

I let the towel fall. Even now I couldn’t escape. So far away from him, and now even James brought him up. 

“No,” I snarled. “Nothing happened with my fucking kid.”

James flinched, taken aback and held up his hands. “Look, chill man, what the hell is wrong?” With that he ushered me inside. I practically flopped down on one of his easy chairs, and James sat across from me. “Just talk to me,” he said, his voice soft.

I held my head in my hands. “Look, I – I don’t think I can do it.”

James went still. “What thing?” he said, his voice dropping to a whisper. 

“This whole father thing!” I bit off the words. “Look, I love Laura, that’ll never change, but I just want…her, you know? I don’t want some, someone else there. Some shackle.”

James looked at me, something hard in his gaze. An understanding. “And you’re talking about this now? That seems like a conversation to have much, much earlier with M- Laura.”

“I–,” I sighed. “It just didn’t become real until he was born you know? It was easy to say, oh yeah I’ll deal with it when it comes, but it’s *here.* I have to deal with it.”

“And you don’t want to.”

I didn’t say anything. There was no need. 

“So what’s the plan?” He said, his voice rising. “Just leave Laura? Forget it all? Vanish?”

I looked at him helplessly. “Maybe? I don’t know, man, I just know I can’t stay with that-”

Suddenly I was against a wall and James had me by the collar. I stared at him, eyes wide. Never in all the time I’d known him, the last 5 years or so, had I ever seen him angry. “James?”

“My dad died. I never knew him.”

I blinked. He’d never talked about his family before. Ever. Or even friends…in fact, I don’t think he had any other connections other than me. No one I’d ever seen him talk to in person or on the phone. Never had any stories. Nothing. 

The only thing that came out of my mouth though was: “I’m sorry.”

He clutched my collar tighter. “And you’re gong to do it anyways.”

I shoved him off, anger rising like bile in my throat. “Look man, it’s my life. I choose what I do. I can leave if I damn well want to!”
 
“You’re fucking disgusting,” he spat. “You’re not man enough to face your own wife and kid, so you come here not even realizing–”

I shoved him again. I’d had just enough of this. I wanted an ear, not someone to yell at me about what a monster I was. “Realize what huh?”

“That I’m your fucking son!”

I froze. 

“You know what I’d thought, *dad,*” he sneered. Putting more venom in that word than most did in the most disgusting curse. “Mom had told me you’d died. No one found the body. So I came back. To see you. To Meet you. To get to know the man who made me, the man I never knew.”

“Bullshit,” I said without any real conviction. I might have denied him. Ignored the signs, the similarity in our looks, our builds. But I’d just seen my son, felt his hand clutch my finger, and some part of me, some part that was a *father* got that. Understood. James was my son. I believed that without a hint of doubt. “H-how?” 

“It doesn’t matter,” he said, his eyes ablaze. 

“James, son–”

“Don’t fucking call me that,” he snarled. “I thought you’d have some accident, not that you’d leave.”

“I,” I wrung my hands. “I can’t stay man!”

James regarded me with cool eyes, then walked to me. I braced myself for a hit, but he just went past me and locked the door. He turned back to me, eyes filled with a sort of crazy anger. 

“They never will find your body, *Dad.*”I laughed when I saw the sign. 

Morgan have me her look. She was very good at the look. She was tall, even for a human, about twice as tall as I was, and wore faded jeans and a black tank top and a baggy brown jacket. Her dark hair was dyed and in a braid that went down to her back. If I looked closely I could see faint lines of red where the dye had either worn off or not taken well. Her hazel eyes were narrowed, and her jaw was set. It was a look that promised violence to come. 

“If looks could kill, Morgan, I think I’d be dead a dozen times by now,” I said with a smile. 

Morgan rolled her eyes, but asked, “What’s so funny about the sign?” Her voice was a bit rough, though not unpleasant. She could easily have it fixed, but she refused to. I’d asked why many times, but just gotten those trademark looks of her as response. 

“It’s just,” I gestured to the sign again, and then in the station around us. We were in a waiting room of sorts, though Morgan had called it a “lobby.” The ground was carpeted, and large windows offered a view of the planet Gas Giant Saturn, while the other of the moon, whatever it was called. Aliens of all kinds, the tentacled Tari, the horned Rhi’ar, the ten fingered humans, and many others whose names I’d forgotten all chatted and walked through it. None of the Alari of course, I could only imagine what another Alari would think of this scene. What Rhea would think. Suddenly I felt such a strong ache from homesickness that I almost stumbled. 

“Here we are, Morgan, in a,” I struggled for the word, “a, building. A building that would dwarf the mightiest castles in my homeland – rotating around a moon of another planet.” I shook my head. “And then they say, ‘No Magic Allowed.’”  

Morgan turned to peer at a passing figure, and said in a dry, monotone voice without turning to look at me, “This station is based on physics, Rhonin, based on a balance of forces and integrals and derivatives. Your…powers are not.”

I scowled at her, “Oh I see, so everything you humans can understand is physics, but everything you don’t understand is branded magic?!” A couple of people turned to look at us briefly but paid no mind. We were one of thousands. 

Morgan turned to look at me, and I noted the slight smile on her lips. She’d baited me on purpose. That was Morgan, even the turn of a head was calculated. I glowered at her as walked towards the human at the counter. I looked at Morgan as we did, her smile fading as we got closer and closer to the counter. Her hands were in fists at her side, rigid, like they were made of metal, and even though she was walking, she held herself…still. She was a coiled spring, waiting to leap at the first hint of trouble. 

We’d traveled, or well, she’d escorted me, for a standard month. In this half of the galaxy, where humans reigned supreme, the standard month was the humans’ month, just like how the humans’ language was the common tongue. I knew her well enough to tell when she was nervous. She didn’t want to come back to this system, to her home. For good reason too - there was a reason she wore colored contact lenses and dyed her hair.

“Morning, ma’am,” the human said with that fake smile of his. Morgan visibly let out a breath when he did, he hadn’t run screaming or started kneeling, so he hadn’t recognized her. I had to stand on my tip toes to be able to look above the counter. “What can I do for you and your son?”

Morgan gaped at him for a moment, at a loss for words. 

I burst out into laughter. It wasn’t his fault really, us Alari by stroke of genetic luck were very similar to human children, except with six fingers instead of 10. I had short black hair, and a round face, and the human couldn’t see my hands. 

“No, he is not my son,” Morgan snapped, her voice cracking like a whip. “Perhaps if you had a brain you would notice that he isn’t even human.” The poor human jerked back at the sudden reaction from Morgan. 

“I, um, I’m sorry Ma’am, I didn’t mean to cause any offense,” he said.

“Right,” Morgan said, her tone businesslike. “Regardless, I’m looking for a Mr. Egwene.”

“Ma’am we do not give out personal-” the man began.

“Check his notices. He is expecting a Ms. Anderson,” Morgan snapped. She looked left to right, making sure no one was staring. 

“Uh…” the human said as he looked at his computer, “Ms. Anderson, yes, and quarry. Room 1107, first left from after going up that elevator,” he said, pointing to the elevator.

“Hey!” I said, my eyes barely above the counter.

Morgan glared at me.

“Uh…yes sir?” the human asked. 

“What’s your deal with magic?” I asked.

The man looked flabbergasted. “Well, I mean, we don’t allow guns right? Why would we allow magic?”

“You check people for guns though, how can you check for magic?”

“It’s…more of a courtesy than anything,” he said. The he sounded more sure of himself, as if remembering a rehearsed line. “Everyone can carry a gun, but almost no one can use magic anyways, not in this part of the galaxy anyways. It would just inconvenience the guests.”

Morgan stared at him coolly for a moment, then turned hell and stalked towards the elevator without waiting to see if I followed. I hurried after her. 

“The son comment really got you that badly, huh?” I said, trying to take her mind off the crowd.

“Shut up,” she said, though not kindly. We got inside the elevator, and suddenly it *spoke.*

“Desired floor?” came the voice of a woman. I looked around for the source of it but couldn’t see anyone. Morgan pressed her lips against one another, as if straining not to smile. 

“More of your *technology,*” I imagine,” I said, a flush creeping up to my cheeks. “No magic allowed they say…” I shook my head.

“Floor 11,” Morgan said.

Suddenly, the elevator shot up and it seemed as if a weight had been set in my stomach. This, the sudden movement, and the sudden dizziness made me lurch to the floor. As soon as it had started however, it was over. Morgan came over to me and tried to help me up as the doors of the elevator opened to the 11th floor. 

So, she was facing the other direction and didn’t see the man with the gun. 

As soon as he saw us, he took aim and fired. I didn’t even have time to warn her. 

But I did have time to Cast. 

I focused around us, and reached into the part of my brain that commanded the Power. Suddenly, as if opening a new set of eyes, translucent arrows appeared pointing down towards the false gravity. Fainter arrows pointed in the opposite direction – the pull of the moon. I willed the arrows pointing towards the moon to grow more…solid. The arrows obeyed. This had all taken a fraction of a second. 

The bullet that would’ve taken…me. Not Morgan, me, right in the heart suddenly veered upward, as if attracted by a magnet. Morgan was already turning around to face out attacker. 

“Towards him, got it?” she said. 

“Yeah,” I said, “got you. Three, Two, now!” I said in a furious whisper.

Morgan threw herself against the back of the elevator and pushed herself outward. As she did I changed the arrows. I didn’t just change how solid they were, but which way they pointed. This was considerably more work. Still, what was forward now became down. The man who had shot at us yelped in surprise as he suddenly began to fall “down.” I gripped the rail on the side of the elevator to avoid falling out.

Morgan, who had been ready, and had already given herself extra acceleration by launching off the back of the elevator reached him within a second, and punched him across the face. I let the arrows resume their natural state and sagged against the elevator, exhausted. 

The man flopped down on the ground. He tried to grab at Morgan as he did, but only managed to grab her jacket. She jerked back, taking the jacket off in one swift motion, and the man fell flat down hard, her jacket in his hand. 

Morgan took the moment to stomp on his wrist holding the gun. He cried out and the weapon fell out of his grasp. Quick as lightning, she picked it up, and without pausing, shot him twice in the head. The man’s body jerked back, and he let out a small sound of fear and anger before he died. 

It had been maybe fifteen seconds since the elevator doors had opened, but it seemed like an eternity had passed. 

“We’re leaving,” Morgan announced. 

“What about Mr. Egwene?” I asked as she came back in the elevator.

“He’s either dead or the traitor. Either way, you’re not safe here. Lobby,” she said, and the elevator obliged. Going down wasn’t nearly as bad as going up. 

The elevator doors opened, and we walked out, heading back to wards the hangar where Morgan’s ship was. It took a couple of seconds for us to realize what had happened, what we’d forgotten.

Her jacket. Morgan’s jacket.

Now in plain view for all to see was a thin red-white scar running down from Morgan’s neck down her left arm. 

Morgan stumbled for a moment, then caught herself. She stood straight and walked, looking at no one and everyone. 

And everyone looked at her.  

They recognized the scar of course. No one on this side of the galaxy wouldn’t. General Morgan, the one who had lead the humans from a one-planet species to near immortal conquerors. Empress Morgan, who was said to have at one point been the single most powerful being in the history of the universe. No one had commanded so much and so many. 

Some screamed, others wept, but most just gaped in silence. 

Morgan ignored them all until we were in our ship. We were quiet for a moment, as she got the ship ready. 

“When am I safe then, Morgan?” I demanded, suddenly angry. “When will no one want to use me or kill me?”

Morgan looked at me and shrugged. As the ship flew out of the station, for a moment Morgan was contrasted against the glow of the planet ahead. She was a shadow, a faint outline against the universe’s brilliance. “Never, probably,” she said. “Doesn’t mean we stop trying to make it so.”Original: A race of mages has expanded across the stars to harvest mana by seeding worlds with life. They arrive at a new star then a bright glow envelopes them. What followed are metal obelisks with a humanoid yelling into the void: "That was your warning shot. We will not let you reach Earth."
***
"What the hell just happened, Mira?" 

Mira was curled into a ball, tears running down her cheeks in the middle of the channeling Sphere. It allowed a mage to extend their Mental Range to effectively the entire universe.  Mira had screamed and I had rushed inside, to find her like this. 

"Mira!" I yelled, trying to pry her body open from her curled position. She had gone into mental shock. Damn. I closed my eyes and reached out my own mental probe towards her. This was dangerous as hell because, this was probably what had caused Mira's shock. Being mentally linked allowed us to talk faster than the speed of light, distance became irrelevant once the link itself was made, but we opened ourselves to mental lashes, intentional or not. 

So I hesitantly approached Mira's mind. Her defenses were wide open, completely shattered, but I proceeded with hesitation - and was immediately catapulted into the memory. 

Mira had been linked to the expedition team leader sent to explore the outer reaches of the middle-class spiral type galaxy, when it had happened. Unlike lesser races, our crews could travel in the vacuum of space, no need for crude devices such as ships. But something had gone wrong in their search. A couple of metal....things had come out of seemingly nowhere. That should have been impossible by itself, we could detect matter heading towards us , a technique we had adopted from one of the lesser races, something called radar. But regardless, there was a glow...and a voice. 

"We will not let you reach Earth."

Because I was immersed in the Memory I felt the heat pressing against my shield as the obelisks exploded, the pressure. Shit. No wonder Mira was in coma. I immediately ejected myself from the Memory. 

They'd died. The entire crew...from those *things.* No wonder Mira was practically catatonic. To be Linked with a mage who died...it was enough to break someone. I had only been able to eject in time because I knew something bad was going to happen. Mira wouldn't have stood a chance. 

"Sir!" Another Mage burst into the Channeling Sphere. "We heard a scream, sir," the he said, breathing hard. 

I shook my head to clear it, "Mira needs a soother, please get her there as fast as possible," I said. 

"Sir, you don't look so good eith-"

"NOW!" I screamed at the idiot. He gulped and obliged. With a snap of his fingers both he and Mira were gone, presumably teleported to the Soother. 

I wasn't about to use a Mental link after what had just happened, and so I teleported to the Council. They were sitting at a round table, arguing about the newest petty thing, when I teleported directly on top of the table. 

There was screaming at first and a few of them even began to attack reflexively, before being stopped by their neighbors.

"What is the meaning of this?"

"How dare!"

"Do you know who we are?"

"Have some Kos-damn respect."

"Silence!" Came a voice from the head of the table. Everyone including me turned to look. It was Keira of course. The youngest member on the council, younger even than me, and widely considered the most powerful Mage to have ever been born, hence are rapid ascent to the Council. "Mr. Obrek, has decided to  grace us with us presence, rather than shame him, we should welcome the fact that we are important enough to finally warrant his attention."

I rolled my eyes. I didn't bother going to Council meeting because they were completely pointless, dealing with things like seeding economy or entropy reversal and things like that. I had more important things to do, new worlds to conquer, mages to recruit. "I do apologize for this disruption, honored council," I said through gritted teeth, and someone gave a short bark of laughter behind me, "but I'm afraid I bring grave news-"

"Ah, has another one of your invasions failed, Mr. Obrek? Or perhaps you did not meet your quota for Mana Reaping this Cycle?" Keira said, drawing laughter from the council. 

For an insane second I debated attacking her right there and then, but I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Now was not the time. One day Keira would be at my feet, begging for mercy but not today, today I had news that could kill...

Ah. The plan just popped into my head, just like that. Mira and the soldier would be at the Soother for quite some time, her injuries were extensive, if not irreparable. Only I knew about what had happened in the Sol System. Something that for the first time in eons had killed a mage. 

Just so happened I needed one dead.

"Well, not bad per se," I amended with a forced smile, "but the new expedition has discovered something *quite* remarkable. I wanted Keira, the head of the council, to come see."Title. 

Finals coming up - exams and projects. Have also been busy this week. Less time to write the next two weeks. I'll try to keep up at a good pace, but expect some delays. Trust me, I like writing way more but like...future, money, shit like that. I apologize in advance :/ 

(That said, next part of War up tomorrow most likely)This is a good one. 

Written for the Flash Fiction contest. 1000 word limit. Prompt: Thriller, with a thermometer in it and needed to feature a restricted area. 

Enjoy. 
***
“Where’s the bomb, Marie?”
 
Marie looked back from the edge of the roof, champagne-colored dress and crimson hair whipping around in the wind. “How long have we played this game of cat and mouse, Sophie?” She laughed and shook her head. “Who even is the cat anymore?”
 
I moved closer, silenced handgun trained on her. “15 years, and now it’s over.”
 
“That it is,” she said, and curtsied. “Well, Sophie, it’s been an honor–” Lightning fast, her hands went to her dress for a gun. I didn’t think. Couldn’t. It was reflex. My fingers moved on their own accord and pulled the trigger.
 
If I’d paused to think, I probably wouldn’t have shot.  
 
A noise. A bit of recoil. One moment, I’d shot her, and the next I was by her as she lay dying on the concrete, her hand gripping my arm. I felt her dress. No weapon.

“Why?” I asked. Was this our end? After all this time?
 
Marie smiled that same defiant smile of hers. The one she’d worn when our eyes first met in college. When we completed our first assignment together. When she betrayed me and everything we’d stood for. 

Though this time it was stained with red. 

“Room 712, Sophie,” she whispered, my name a prayer on her lips. “I…have full faith…in my partner. They enter the room and…boom.” She took a shuddering breath. “You’ve lost.”
 

“No,” was all I said: question, answer, and request.
 
***
“Marie’s dead,” I whispered as I scrubbed her blood off myself. Luckily, the red dress had taken the brunt of it, otherwise I’d probably get the police called on me.  
 
“You’re sure?” came Mark’s voice through the earpiece. 
 
“Yes, I’m fucking sure.”
 
“The body?”
 
The body, was that all she was now? “On the roof,” I said.
 
“Gotcha,” Mark said, and I could hear the clatter of keys, as if a human life could be captured in a few keystrokes. “Did you locate the bomb?”
 
“She told me her partner – so Ivan – would just have to walk into room 712 and...”
 
“And?” Mark prompted.

“Boom.”

A pause. “Would she lie?”
 
“No.” I tried to rub a particularly persistent mark off. “Not to me.”
 
“Then what the hell are you waiting for? Neutralize him and secure the weapon. There’s no backup coming.”

***
 
I descended the stairs to the seventh floor. A plaque read: “Restricted Area: VIPs only.” I snorted and opened the door. I was greeted with a deserted hallway lined with doors. 

“Something funny?” Mark asked. I ignored him.
 
I looked at the numbers as I walked and forced myself to be calm. 707, 708… It was all a game to Marie. She could’ve just told Ivan the room before me, and it would be finished already. But she didn’t. Wouldn’t. It wasn’t about winning for her, it was about beating me. 

I tensed as I passed a bellhop, but he was busy examining an elaborate-looking thermometer on the wall. 711…there. 712.  
 
“Excuse me, ma’am.” I whirled around, hand dipping to reach the gun under my dress, but it was only the man who’d been examining the thermometer. “Looking for something?”
 
“I–” I followed his gaze to my hand – I’d had been reaching for my gun. My instincts screamed at me: why would a man be staring intently at a thermometer anyways? I buried an elbow in his stomach. He let out an “oof” and hit the wall.
 
I threw another punch, but he ducked. My fist hit the wall, and pain shot up my arm. Something hard hit my face and I was on the ground, pain exploding in my head. Had to get up. It was Marie’s last game, and I wouldn’t lose.
 
Too late. The bellhop – Ivan presumably – had me pinned, his face twisted into a snarl. “Fucking bitch,” he spat. His hands closed around my throat. 

“Sophie?!” Mark’s shrill voice came through the earpiece. 

I tried to push him off, but he was a strong bastard. The edges of my vision started to go black.
 
“The room,” he said. “I know she told you. What room?”
 
His grip loosened enough to let me speak. Marie hadn’t told Ivan the room number. I would have laughed had I not been desperately sucking in air. Oh Marie…
 
He slapped me, hard. The metallic taste of blood filled my mouth even as pain spread like molten lead across my face. “Answer me!” 
 
“Fuck. You,” I managed.
 
“You’ll answer eventually.” He reached for my throat again.
 
I spat in his face. He recoiled as the blood and saliva hit him in the eyes. 

He was a professional: his eyes closed and his hold loosened for just a second. It was enough.
 
I kneed him between the legs; his face went purple and he croaked in agony. Pressing my advantage, I punched him. His nose broke with a satisfying crunch. Before he could recover, I pushed him off, rolled to my feet, and put two bullets into his head while he writhed in pain.
 
The body didn’t matter right now. All that mattered was the room. 712. I had to finish Marie’s game, had to secure the weapon, had to beat her this last time.
 
“I’m at the door,” I said. “Now what?”

“What the hell was all that before?!” Mark demanded.

“It’s done. Just tell me what to do,” I said through gritted teeth.

“Go in, see if it’s actually there. Defuse if you can.” 

“Copy.” 

Pain hammered against my skull as I walked to the door. Unlocked. I shook my head, Marie always was cocky. 
 
A bright green light hit me as I entered. A retina scanner? Ah. Ivan would walk in, the retina scanner would check his identity, and...boom. A good attempt, Marie.
 
A robotic voice spoke. “Retinal scan accepted, Sophie Williams. Warhead detonation imminent.”
 
Her partner. The one she’d had full faith in. Not Ivan.

Me.

Who else would she trust so fully?
 
Well Marie, it’s been–For a competition (same competition as the ). Limit: 1000 words. Prompt: A comedy story in a reading room, featuring an onion
***
The clang of steel against steel, screams of desperation, frantic beating of hearts, and coppery smell of blood; they sang to me, called me to come out and drown myself in that bloodlust, to see myself covered in guts, surrounded by the corpses of my enemies–

I shut the damn window.
        	
I closed my eyes and exhaled, trying to clear my head from the intoxicating feel of the battle. I wasn’t there. I was going to sit here in this reading room, read, and pay no attention to the battle outside. Humans were always fighting for one reason or another, it wasn’t my problem.

I was snapped out of my reverie as a stunning woman materialized in the middle of the room in a flash of golden light accompanied by blaring trumpets. The effect was supposed to startle opponents and strike fear into the hearts of her enemies. I just groaned and banged the book I’d been reading against my forehead a few times. Why me? Why?
        	
The woman had a blonde ponytail mirroring mine and startlingly blue eyes that I didn’t have. A sword hung from her waist. Oh, and she had two enormous wings.
        	
“Please go away,” I said, covering my face with the book.
        	
Her lips pressed into a thin line. “Now, now, is that any way to talk to your mother, Astrid?”
        	
“Why are you here, Mother?”
        	
“To check on my daughter of course!”
        	
“Well, I was doing fine,” I said and deliberately started reading again.
        	
“Astrid, dear, there is a battle going on outside, were you aware?”
        	
I shrugged.
        	
“And you’re here! Reading! When I was your age, I didn’t even know how to read.”
        	
“Mother, I’m twenty.” She had probably been 10…or maybe a 100. She was bad with time. Immortality would do that to a person.
        	
“But I had slain hundreds in glorious battle, as a Valkyrie should, Astrid. You may not be a full Valkyrie but my blood runs through your veins. Doesn’t the battle just sing to you…” She closed her eyes and breathed in deep, like a human would in a fresh garden in the morning. Except with blood and gore. And swords. And death.
        	
I threw my book at her, so quick that it blurred, reaching Mother thirty feet away in the space of a blink. I didn’t even see her move. One second she was standing there, wide open, the next she’d caught my book in her left hand. She read the title: Odin’s Unspeakable Lusts. The look she gave me was one all children are familiar with. That unique mix of sorrow, disappointment, and anger: a vital tool in any parent’s arsenal. “Where did I go wrong, Astrid?” she said with a sigh.
        	
That was one question I could answer. “Well, the list could fill the books here, but it probably started when you hired a thug to murder a 4-year-old.”
        	
Mother smiled, likely recalling the memory. “And you ripped his heart out of his chest. That’s when I knew I loved you,” she said, eyes warm.
        	
And that right there summed up everything wrong with us. Still, I couldn’t help but smile at her expression. Insane Valkyrie or not, she was my mother.
        	
“Tell me Astrid, why won’t you fight?”
        	
“One, I have no reason to,” I said holding up a finger. “They haven’t harmed or disturbed me. And two, I got new shoes.” I stood up and showed them off to Mother. “They’re white and I don’t want to get blood on them.  
        	
Mother gaped at me for a moment, as if she couldn’t quite believe what she was hearing. “New…shoes,” she said.
        	
I grinned and nodded.
        	
Finally, Mother snapped out of it, her eyes blazing. “Fine. You force my hand, Astrid. I will give you a reason.”
        	
With that she vanished, leaving no trace that she had ever even been there except for the fallen book. I sighed, picked up the book, and went back to my spot to read. It was out of my control now.
     
***
   	
About 40 pages later the door flew off its hinges. Roaring and laughing, A dozen barbarians walked in: poorly shaved, holding massive swords, axes, and shields. Half of them had heads or various other body parts hanging from their belts, dripping blood on the floor.  More disturbingly, one of them was eating an onion. Raw. He was just biting into it like it was an apple. I shuddered. 
        	
The barbarians had been laughing and talking when they walked in but froze when they saw me. For a second they looked at me, startled to find a woman in the reading room of a palace they had probably just captured. Then their gazes slipped down to my chest. A few of them made catcalls.
        	
I really hated Mother sometimes.
        	
I sighed, put the book face down to make sure no blood would get on the pages, and stood up. I was dressed plainly except for the shoes. Good enough to fight in. I drew my sword from my back, its hilt previously hidden because of my golden hair. I didn’t like being a Valkyrie, but it didn’t mean I was an idiot. Sometimes a girl had to protect herself.
        	
A couple of the savages laughed when they saw my sword, but most paid it no mind, just continued leering.
        	
I took a deep breath and let the side Mother had shaped – the killer, the fighter, the Valkyrie – take hold. The Valkyrie stepped forward. 

***
        	
“And you didn’t even get your shoes dirty!” Mother was back, surveying the corpses in the reading room piled up around me as I read, trying to ignore her. She looked like a parent proudly examining her daughter’s crayon drawing. “Tell me that wasn’t fun.”        
        	
“It wasn’t fun.”
        	 
Mother crossed her arms.
        	
“Fine, fine!” I tossed up arms. “Yes, it was a little fun, alright! Can I please read in peace now?”
        	
Mother just smiled. “We’ll make a Valkyrie out of you yet, Astrid.”We’ve all seen the movies. The secret agent turns the corner and meets some shady guy inan alley with a fire escape and an open manhole, or maybe puts in some special code on a public terminal, and an ominous sounding voice gives them a mission. 

I was playing a children’s card game on my phone when I got a text. “NYC, 50k, reply ASAP.”

I swiped the notification right and finished the game. If the job was offering 50 and no one had taken it yet, especially for such a close one, no one else was going to take it at this point. Hell, I didn’t know if I was going to take it. Still, didn’t hurt to get the scoop. 

I called, and someone picked up immediately. “What the hell took you so long to respond, Morgan?”

“Do you really want to know, Nate?” I said in the most deadpan voice I could manage. 

“Morgan…” Nate said, a warning note in his voice. “You are not above the law…”

Oh for Hastseoltoi’s sake. “I was playing a game on my phone, Nate.”

“Oh.”

“Now you gonna tell me the job or not? I have Medicine Men to kill and all that,” I said. 

“Sorry, sorry,” he said. “We’ve got eyes on two vamps in Washington Square Park.”

“What do you want me to do? Shoo them?” 

“Observe them. You know those NYU types, they’d probably rush over to get themselves bitten. Bloodsuckers wouldn’t even have to try.” 

“So I’m supposed to go after them for feeding on college kids who want to do it?” I asked, letting my voice gain an edge. Modern laws regarding snats were…far too human centric for pretty much every non-human’s taste. Snat was the term they used for us supernaturals. I guess it sounded like gnat? They may be the inferior species, but they sure as hell have funny names for us. Vampires were expected to just stop drinking from humans and drink from plastic bags, not straight from people. I mean, sure, killing and enthralling people is bad, but taking a bit of blood? Can’t expect them to change their nature. 

“First of all, that would be a fine reason to send someone after them, but not a good reason to send *you* after it, and pay 50k at that. No, it’s two masters.”

I sat up in my bed. “*Two* masters?” Master vampires were powerful as hell, able to go toe to toe not just with humans but almost any other snat. And they never, ever worked together, what with them being able to kill each other and all. It was too risky to trust someone who had a 50/50 chance to kill you after you’d survived for some centuries. 

“Yeah, center’s worried they may be up to something. Sending their pics to your phone,” Nate said. Good thing humans got some things wrong. Hunting vamps would be harder than it already is if they didn’t appear in pictures. 

“Got em,” I said. A lanky man with red hair and glasses. He looked like some dorky college student more than a honed killing machine. The other was a girl, tall, about my height, but that was where all our similarities ended. Where my skin was a shade of brown she was pasty white, they both were, with startlingly white hair and piercing blue eyes. She was looking right at the camera. “Photographer still on site?” I asked. 

“He…was,” Nate said, and I could just see him frowning. “But we just lost contact with him, don’t really know why.”

“He’s probably dead, she saw him,” I said matter of factly. “So, what exactly is the job.”

Nate gulped. “Just surveillance. Find where they’re staying, what they’re up to, report back in 24 hours. Should be simple.”

I groaned. “Nice, Nate. Now you’ve pretty much guaranteed it won’t,” I said, only half-joking. “I’ll report back, as long as I get half up front.”

“That’s ridi-”

“You got anyone else you can throw against even a single master, Nate? Maybe get a SWAT team slaughtered?”

Silence. 

“Yeah thought as much. Half up front,” I said and hung up. I cracked my neck and got off the bed, stretching. I got an annoyed yowl as I startled my tabby, Casey out of her sleeping spot. She meowed angrily at me, and stalked off, tail high in the air to express her disapproval. I’m sure I’d find a dead rat on my bed when I got back, NYC was full of em. I shook my head and opened the window, and breathed in the City. Forget the open fields and forests. This was the new hunting ground. A concrete jungle. New York was lit up, and so I didn’t even need my night vision to see a bird sailing through the skies above me. That was another good thing about the City. Most bird who were around here knew to avoid me, but the newcomers…they had no clue. I Jumped and suddenly I was soaring through the air, my open apartment window on my left. The bird’s consciousness tried to fight back but I just crushed it like gnat. The body was fully under my control now. 

I soared through the skies of New York, over the Empire State, the East Village…there! The arch came into view and I Jumped out of the bird, landing fully clothed on the grass of Washington Square Park, the Arch lit up in the distance. The body of the bird fell lifeless to the ground behind me. 

I walked out – fully clothed – onto one of the paths. No one was around at this time of the night, but still no one would have paid me any mind – another perk of being a snat in New York – no one really gave a shit. 

In the distance I could make out the couple of vampires on the bench near the Arch. I was in the dark right now, hidden so far. I’d already decided how I’d approach this when I’d Jumped out of the bird, though. It would be a hassle to tail them. I’d have to keep Jumping, maybe even into a rat. I shuddered. God, I hated rats. This was much simpler.

I stepped into the light and waved at them. “Hello, vampires, may I ask what you’re doing here?”

I had been hoping for a cartoon reaction. You know, when they jump up, all startled like. But alas, no such thing happened. The woman just smiled, her lips stretched a bit too far for it to be an entirely natural expression. “Ah perfect, a government mole. We want to deliver a message.” Both of them got up off the bench.

“You could, you know, call them. Normal people do that.”

The woman smiled, showing her fangs. “Ah, well, a call just doesn’t have the same effect as warm corpse.”

I raised an eyebrow. “Is this where I scream?”

The pair blinked, at a loss to what to do with me. “Do you know what we-”

I jumped and I was in the man’s head. Jumping into a human was hard enough, the stronger the will, the harder it was to possess them, and doing it to a master vampire was suicide, but this was no master vampire, not anymore at least. It had mirrored every action the woman had made and hadn’t said a single word. Dead giveaway. It was a thrall. Nothing but an empty mind being controlled by the vampire. 

The woman was still gaping at where I’d been standing as I wrestled control of her thrall from her and managed a solid hook against her cheek. She shrieked, a purely inhuman sound, and launched a jab at the body I was wearing. I was slow compared to a vamp. I’d gotten a hit because I’d surprised her. In a straight fight, this body would lose. The thing about skins is, they’re not my own. I don’t care what happens to them. 

So when she jabbed, intending to skewer me, I stood my ground, letting the arm enter my stomach and brought both my hands together around her head as if I were going to clap. I felt my hands make contact and I jumped out just as her arm hit my intestines. 

She gasped and stumbled back and the body fell to the ground, guts spilling out. “Skinwalker,” she breathed, her eyes wide. 

"At your service," I said and gave a little bow. “So, how about that message?”New short serial, already completely finished, so parts will be posted every couple of days. Tell me what you think!
(Sorry for the double post)
***
“I don’t see why I have to do this. It’s my brain, dammit, I can do what I want with it!”

I sighed. Here we go. I propped my head up with my hand and pretended to be interested – pretended that I hadn’t the same damn speech from hundreds of other patients. I wondered what Ashley would think if she saw me dealing with this guy here. Laugh probably. This particular guy was young. He was wearing a loose shirt, wide-fit jeans, and his blond hair was a mess. 

“I mean, what does the government have to with anything, yeah?” The guy’s cheeks were red. “What do you have to do with anything? You don’t know me, but you get to judge me.”

I had plenty of arguments I could lay out: precedents, suicides, biological studies, the diplomatic incidents that have happened, the liabilities government have had to suffer, but none of that would go through. Hell, there was a famous case of a criminal who’d Wiped his memories and relocated to another country only to turn back to crime again. That had been an international incident. I’d tried to argue with my patients when I’d first started the job, tried to convince them, but it didn’t take me long to realize that it didn’t matter. I would never convince them, and so I said what did matter. 

“The law’s the law. Before the wipe you have to get psychiatrist approval,” I said and shrugged, “Write to your representative if you’re so passionate about it. I’m just doing my job.”

That got him. That always gets them. Classic shift the blame and “I’m just doing my job.” People could relate to that. People played nice with those they could relate to. Predictably, the patient frowned, then shook his head. “Damn government,” he said, and in my imagination Ashley’s lips curled up in a sly smile. 

“So, can we get started?” I asked with a ghost of a smile. 

“Yeah,” the patient mumbled, “might as well.”

“What’s your name?” I asked.

“Jack.”

“Alright, Jack,” I said. “What would you like to forget?”

“A relationship,” he said. 

Of course. “Of a romantic kind?” I asked, though I knew the answer was a resounding yes. 

Jack snorted. “If you could call it that. I wouldn’t call getting my heart ripped out of my chest very romantic.”

“And how long were you together?” I asked. I didn’t ask why they broke up – that would just be creating even more work for myself.

“Three months,” he said, emphasizing the months part. 

“I see,” I said, and pretended to take some notes. If he had come over on my side, he would’ve just seen some silly doodles. This was such a classic case, and such a ridiculously frivolous use of technology, that it was a waste of paper to write any of it down.

“I’m afraid I can’t give you approval,” I said. 

“What!?” Jack practically screamed, getting to his feet. “You don’t even know my story, you don’t know what she did to me!”

“Listen,” I said, “you’re young. Three months seems like ridiculously long to you, but the human life expectancy is a hundred years and trust me, a three-month relationship isn’t worth a Wipe and the complications it brings.”

“The hell it isn’t!” he said, gritting his teeth. “What complications could there be? It’s just three months!”

Oh, so it’s just three months when it comes to complications, but not when it’s a relationship. “You’ll be alienated from friends and family,” I said as if reading off a list, “you’ll miss inside jokes, past events, and recent stories. It creates a divide between you and them.”

“Oh bullshit,” he sneered, “almost everyone I know has had a Wipe for some reason or the other.”

I was done with this guy. “Well either they didn’t go to a responsible psychiatrist or they had actual, legitimate problems,” I said. “This is my final word.” 

Jack stood there, clenching and unclenching his fists and for a moment I felt he would attack me. I almost wanted him to that, take a swing at me. I’d get some use out of my time in the military then. There were cameras in my office, I would have total freedom to hit back with no liability. I imagined Ashley wrinkling her nose in disgust.        

But Jack just whirled around and left my office, leaving me with nothing but the ghost of a woman from another life, memories, and bitterness.Original:Human beings unlock skills as they grow up, walking, taking, etc. You are the oldest person in the history of the world, and today you unlock a skill no one ever had.

(2 stories today to make up for a missed day, sorry!)
***
I took no pleasure in this. 

The house was one out of a storybook. Lush green yard, white picket fence, and small brick house. They knew I was coming – these incidents aren’t secret. I did it in the open, because no one could do anything about it. No one can stop me. 

I walked up to the door. The welcome mat had the design of a small cat on it, but…no. I had to do this. I have to. The world will be thrown in chaos if I don’t.

I knocked on the door. 

The scene, I guess, to someone else would be funny. Here I was, an all-powerful Goddess, knocking on a door. To me it was just sad. I’d considered many many times letting someone else do it. Just send some of my guardsmen. But no. I had to do it myself, to remind myself what the price of all this was, the price of the golden age humanity was undergoing under their Goddess. Under me.

The door opened, but it was not him; it was a little girl. She was barely up to my stomach with golden hair and sparkling blue eyes. She smiled when she sees me. That alone told me all I need to know. That bastard. This was just cruel, but…who was I to judge. 

“Yes Miss?” She asked, looking at me with that same expression of solemn, innocent joy all seven year olds wear.  

I knelt down to get to her level. “What’s your name?” I ask.

Before my time kids were taught to fear strangers, to not open the door to someone they didn’t know. But under their new Goddess, no such thing exists. There is no crime, only progress. Well, almost no crime, but the ones I committed were for the good of all. 

“Faith!” she proudly declared.

“Well, Faith, is your grandpa home?”

“Mmhm!” She nodded, but then frowned. “Wait, are you here for Grandpa’s birthday? His birthday isn’t until tomorrow.” 

“No, Faith, I’m here just in time then. Please. Just take me to him.”

Faith frowned but grasped my finger in one hand and led me through the house. We went outside to the porch, where an old man sat in his chair, looking out at the forest behind his house. Again, I was taken aback by the sight of it. I remembered being like that, old, frail, waiting to die. And then I’d changed. I’d evolved. I’d become a Goddess. 

And this man was a day away from that. 

“Grandpa, there’s a woman here to see you!” Faith said, still holding on to my finger. 

“I know, Faith dear. Please, I want you to see what comes next,” the man said, not even turning to look at me.

“No, Faith,” I said, trying to keep my composure. How could a man be this cruel? She was just a *child.* “Please go in, I’ll be right with you.”

Faith frowned and seemed to sense in that way all children can sense when something is wrong. “Wh-what are you going to do to grandpa?” she asked, her bottom lip quivering. 

“That woman, Faith, is going to kill me,” the old man said. 

I said nothing. 

Faith looked at me, here eyes wide. “B…but she looks so nice, Grandpa! She wouldn’t k-kill you.”

The man laughed. “Never trust how a person looks Faith. Trust what they do.”

“Please, Faith. Inside,” I said through pressed lips.

Faith puffed up her cheeks and shook her head. “No. I’m listening to Grandpa!”

So be it. 

I walked up to the man, who still hadn’t looked at me and put my hand on his shoulder, then I just…killed him. No effort. No movement. I wanted him dead, and so he was. The power of a Goddess.    

I stood at the porch as Faith cried over her Grandpa’s corpse, not saying anything. I offered her a tissue but she threw it aside and jumped on it. 

I waited. 

Eventually she quieted down and turned to me with a quiet intensity that was unsettlingly out of place on the face of a seven-year old. Her eyes were red from crying and I could make out the trails the tears had made on her cheeks. 

“Are you going to kill me now too?” she asked, her voice perfectly calm.

“Of course not,” I answered. “You will have the best education I can provide, you will lead a life of luxury, comfort, and…happiness.” 

She considered my words and nodded. Then she looked me in the eyes. “I’m going to kill you one day, Miss.”

I smiled at her, a smile that was weary and oh so tired. “You can try sweetie, you can try.”

With that, a Goddess led a child out of a dead man’s house.Original: Your doctor just told you that you contracted mild high functioning vampirism. You will feel hungover in sunlight, have a several hundred year lifespan, and need to drink human blood at least once per month. You are debating whether to come out about your vampirism to your friends and family.

***
There had been something...off about him, aside from his less than impressive intellect that is - he constantly got my name wrong. But hell, he was kind of cute, dark hair, dark eyes, pale skin, and that accent...It was only when he bit me in the neck did I realize what he was. 

We were at his place, just making out, and then, out of nowhere, he went from kissing me to sinking his fangs in my neck - it had taken a heartbeat. There was a sharp...not pain, but sensation, and a tingling went through my body. I sighed involuntarily.  

Then, my brain started to work. 

"You fucking, fuck!" I screamed as he hurriedly withdrew his fangs, but it was too late - I'd seen them. 

Vinchenzo looked abashed. "I-I'm sorry," he said in that silky smooth voice and seductive accent. "I-I did not meant to, it's just that, well, I'm sort of young and it is, uh, difficult to control my impulses, Isabella."

"Difficult to control your..." I said, aghast. I was at a loss for words really. 

"Dio, I did not mean to, Isabella" he said, looking flustered. you have to believe me!"   

I took a deep breath and let it out, it's alright, it's alright. Just a bite, nothing else. I was startled is all. It wasn't like he wasn't using protection - vampires less than a hundred are required by law to. 

Then my mind flashed back to his *bare* fangs. "Please tell me you were using fang caps," I said in a deathly whisper. 

I didn't think it was possible, but skin got even paler. He shook his head. 

That just about fucking did it. There was no denying it, I could feel the heat from the puncture wounds spreading, Vampiris Immortalis overtaking my immune system.  I got off the bed, and Vinchenzo watched me wide eyes.

Still he didn't see my punch coming. I punched him square in the chest, and he let out an oomph, and flew back, hitting the back of the bed. 

Before he could recover I hit him again, hard, across the cheeks. "What. The. hell. Is Wrong with you!" I screamed, punctuating each word with a punch or a slap.

Vinchenzo just cowered, covering his face with his arms. I just stood there, not even a bit winded. I cocked my head...I could get used to this stuff. 

Hell if I was letting him know that though. I lifted him up by the collar of his ridiculous button down, and it felt like lifting nothing at all. His features were marred with red rapidly turning into purples - parting gifts from my fists. "I...I deserved that, Isabella" he said, his voice quivering.  

"That and more," I said. He cringed, expecting another blow, but I let go of him. "Here in the States, spreading Vampirism is grounds for hefty fines or manual labor, Vinchenzo." 

At that, the asshole finally showed some backbone. he suddenly moved, lightning fast to my left and launched a sucker punch at me. Without even thinking, I caught his fist in my hand, and kneed him in the stomach.

Vinchenzo crumpled.

"You're a really shitty vampire," I said. 

Vinchenzo made a grunt of either pain or assent. Or maybe it was anger, it was hard to tell really.

At that, my anger started to cool off a bit...and my mind started going into overdrive. My god, how was I going to explain this. Mom was going to freak, Liz would probably laugh her ass off. I would have to quit tennis too...
     
I bit my lip and knelt down to the battered Vinchenzo. 

"Hey, uh," I said in my soothing voice." I can't really talk to anyone else about this -  I don't know any vampire, but can you like, maybe help me out? Guide me through this?" I added in what I hoped was a sweet smile, but as I did Vinchenzo cringed backwards. 

Note to self, work on smile: more sweet, less psychotic. 

"Y...you are not going to hit me anymore?" he croaked. 

"Depends on your next few words," I said. 

"No, no, I mean, Yes," he said. "Dio, yes I will help you. And I really am sorry, Isabella." 

I rolled my eyes and offered him my hand. He hesitated for a moment, and then took it. 

"My name by the way, is Eliza. Now, follow," I said. Then I walked out into the night, not bothering to look if he followed.

The night seemed sharper than I had left it, the colors enhanced, the feelings just...*more* than they were before. I breathed in, taking in exotic new scents that had always been there, but that I had never fully experienced. Ah, Rain, dog shit, urine, and brunt rubber - trademarks of New York City. 

Despite it all, I smiled as Vinchenzo locked up behind me. I don't know what my life was going to be like for the next few hours, much less the next few centuries, but hell if it hadn't just gotten a whole lot more interesting.