RemixPhoenix
**\[Alright, y'all have convinced me. I will write 1 part a day in addition to my daily post until it is complete. On my honor. :P\]**

Tom Felton was having a crazy morning. His manuscript for a new TV series had just been approved by the CW network, and he could hardly wait to tell Emma. Between their beach hangouts and guitar sessions, it was enough to drive fans rabid with speculation. *Dramione*. He laughed to himself.

Cracking open a celebratory beer, he toasted the dawn painting its wings across the horizon. The first sip tasted lonely. The second got better as he tried to figure out a way to convince Daniel and Rupert to sign onto the idea of all four of them starring in his show.

A silver dog exploded into existence. Glowing light pulsed off its fur in waves of ethereal mist as it swirled around him with silent yips. Tom spit out his third gulp of beer in a spray that Old Faithful would’ve commended him for.

“Gah! Wha-“

The ghost-like terrier dashed back and forth excitedly before freezing in place. Tom almost missed his chair as he sank down weakly, pulling out his phone. Was that what he thought it was?

He was about to snap a photo when the dog’s mouth opened and Rupert’s voice spoke with eerie clarity.

“Testing, testing.”

He blinked. He and the thing that could only be a patronus stared at each other in silence.

“Um,” he said, almost missing the desk as he set down his can. “Is this a prank?” He looked around for the hidden cameras. “Ha ha everyone, very funny. You got me. Pretty realistic patr-”

“Hello? Hello? Testing, testing.” The sound coming from the dog’s mouth sounded nervous, frantic even.

“I can hear you,” Tom said. “Bloody…how does this thing even work?” Weren’t patronuses one way recorded messages?

“Tom, it’s me, Rupert.”

“Very funny prank,” he said.

“This is not a prank. Whatever you do, don’t post this on Instagram. I swear on…on Daniel’s left nut, this is real. Don’t call the cops. Don’t call anyone, actually, even me. I need to…bloody hell, how am I supposed to get to California? Why did you move to California?”

“Is that really important right now?” Tom shouted. “What’s going on?”

“Anyways, let me try to figure something out. Oh yeah, magic is real! It’s so wicked!”

“*Lead with that!”*

“But it’s all screwed up. Remember Emma’s ‘security measures’? She sent me a text saying something about dolphins.”

Tom frowned. Wasn’t that the one where aliens had infiltrated the government?

“I think that’s the one where the magical government is real and obliviating all of us. They’re probably checking our social media and phones, or else Emma wouldn’t have sent it in code.”

*Oh,* he thought weakly. *Now what?*

“Hang on, I’ll find a way to get to you. Grab a fake wand or something, try it out! I think the words are actually the same as in the books, isn’t that cool?”

Tom was tempted to jab a pen through the dog in frustration. “How is any of this happening right now? This has *got* to be a prank.”

“I sent patronuses to Daniel and Emma too, but they came back immediately. They’re probably asleep, or worse, dead. You’re my only hope, man!”

The silver dog abruptly bounded into motion, spinning around him several times before leaping through the wall of his house. He sat there, doing his best impression of a newly drying statue.

Tom Felton was having a crazy morning.

He sent his chair flying back as he hurtled through the living room, past the kitchen and into the storage closet. There had to be a wand somewhere! Plastic screeched and scraped as he ripped open old cardboard boxes and upended the contents. There!

Gripping one of the many wands he’d used on set, Tom sent a mute prayer to whatever deity might be listening that there weren’t any hidden cameras, or else he was about to look incredibly foolish.

“*Lumos."*

A brilliant nova seared his retinas. He yelped in pain, sending the wand clattering against the floor. Rubbing the blinking spots away, he staggered into the wall and let out a low moan of frustration. It was *way* too early for this. Wasn't that too strong for a Lumos spell? Wait, forget that, he just *cast a Lumos spell.*

When his vision finally cleared, he examined the wand. Definitely a fake wand. There were no cameramen hidden away behind his hallway bathroom door, no secret projectors spinning up the holographic image of Ron Weasley's patronus.

Emma. Daniel. They were in trouble. Tom's quavering hands picked up the black wand, almost dropping the wood slicked with sweat. He had to get to Rupert. Pointing at a fake Remembrall that a fan once gifted him, he scrunched his face in concentration.

"*Portus."*“Where are we?”

Rupert crossed his arms and scratched at fresh stubble. “I don’t know. What’s supposed to happen when you use legilimancy on someone?”

Glancing around the empty white void, Emma fidgeted with the sleeves of her red cardigan and tried to avoid Rupert’s gaze. “To be honest, I’ve never done it before.”

“Oy!” He threw up his arms, eyes as wide as dinner plates. “What was the hurry!? At least try it on Tom first!”

“Well clearly *your* head's got nothing in it, so what’s the big deal?”

Rupert stared. Emma glared. He snorted and gave a slight shrug, earning a smile out of her as they exchanged an astral embrace.

“I’ve missed you,” she said. “You been alright?”

“Oh, sod off,” he laughed. “You almost killed us!”

Her mischievous brown eyes had the decency to let a sliver of remorse slip through. “I had to be sure. Still do. Besides, legilimancy is the only way we can unlock any other memories they might’ve hidden away.”

The ginger shook his head. “How did you figure out that magic is real? Or that some group was after us?”

Emma twisted around, trying to get her bearings. The white void was endless, and while they could vaguely swim through it, there didn’t seem to be anything to swim to. “I don’t know. I suspect that I was Obliviated.”

Rupert’s face twisted into the expression of a blind man tasked with solving a rubix cube. “Uh…”

She slowly pushed her way in one direction, hoping to find something that resembled anything. “When I woke up this morning, a secret program I created myself indicated that I sent the dolphin text message to you. I couldn’t find that on my phone and I had no memory of it. That’s when I tried a basic Accio spell and my coffee mug flew into my face.”

He winced. “You planned for everything.”

“Oh, I have far more involved contingency plans. Just not for a surprise mug full of coffee, apparently.”

He slowly swam after her, arching his neck to peer up and down. Was his mind really just this empty whiteness? He hadn’t been terrible in school, but it was true that his career aspirations outside of the Harry Potter films had mostly involved being an ice cream truck man. Maybe this was the endless vanilla soft serve of his dreams.

“This is barmy. How do we even know if I’ve ever been Obliviated or False Memory charmed?” The next thing he knew, they almost crashed into a massive sphere of churning lights and flashing colors that easily doubled their height in size. Emma floated around it in fascination, mumbling to herself and blinking repeatedly.

“Well,” she said. “What happens if we touch it?”

Rupert clawed through space until the swirling sphere was right in front of him. “I can’t touch it.”

“What? Why? How do you know that?”

“It’s like there’s this invisible shell all around it.” He squashed his cheek against the surface and it flattened as if pressing up against glass.

Emma frowned. “I’ll try. Perhaps it’s because I’m casting the spell.”

Her hand inched tentatively towards the writhing ball of energy. There was a barrier. It felt like an oiled glass ball, or a well-greased cheese wheel from her favorite restaurant in little Italy.

Great. Now she was hungry, and Rupert’s gurgling stomach was doing that line of thought no favors. She placed a palm on the surface of the sphere and splayed out her fingers.

“Was there a spell for this that I forgot about?” Rupert asked.

“No,” Emma said. “But think back to…yes, to the duel between Voldemort and Dumbledore in the Ministry Atrium. There’s plenty of examples of times when powerful wizards and witches didn’t cast a spell verbally. They used *intent* to guide their magic. If that’s the case, I ought to be able to do this, at least…*Evanesco.*”

She felt the barrier shatter and scatter to nothingness against the force of her vanishing charm.

Something was wrong. *Magic*. An ocean of power swelled in front of her. The spectrum orb exploded and expanded to fill the white void. She was a dust mote in the wind, careening and spinning down myriad corridors of thoughts and sensations. Too much! She cut the flow of power in a panic as the world crashed down around her.

“Breathe, Emma! Calm down!”

Tom. Tom was here. She was back in the room. *Memories*. Emma clutched her head as they flitted across the surface of her mind like dragonflies dancing across a pristine lake.

*The White Queen advanced on him. He was scared, so scared. Clutching the hard marble of the black knight piece he rode, he tried to be stro-*

*Wind whipped past his face. He’d done it! Sure, he only had to steal his parent’s magical car to get his best mate out, but it’d been worth it. The puttering engine propelled them across the night sky. What could possibly go wro-*

*Spiders. Why did it have to be spiders? Why couldn’t they follow a trail of butterflies instead? The dark forest loomed up ahead, but he buckled down and followed Harry. Hermione needed them.*

*Draco Malfoy was a bouncing ferret. Best. Year. Ever.*

*“Weasley is our King! Weasley is our King!”*

*We just broke into Gringotts. Gringotts!*

*They’d won. It was all over. Voldemorte was dead at last, but so what? Fred was gone. Gone. Gone!*

“Emma! *Aguamenti!*”

She reared her head and gasped for air, sucking it in like a drowning woman. The buzz of foreign sensations hurtled through her brain like Olympic sprinters – no, not Olympic level, more like metahuman level, like the Flash himself had multiplied and wore the face of…Ron Weasley.

“I suppose I deserve that,” she said distractedly as Tom wiped her down carefully. She tried blowing away a wet tangle of hair off her face with little success.

“Are you okay? Rupert seems out cold. Did you…”

“He’s fine, I think,” she said. “We have bigger problems.”

“Um, yes, we do,” Tom said. She finally registered the distress in his tone. “Daniel’s gone missing.”

Emma lunged for her computer without a second thought. She pulled up the relevant articles and read so fast her eyes scanned vertically down the text. “They took him.”

“Some jogger followed him home, but never saw him emerge,” Tom said. “The news got involved and it all started trending everywhere. Do you think…?”

She knew exactly what to think. “We’re next. We have no time.”

“Where can we go? We can Portkey anywhere.” Tom readied his fake wand and fake Remembrall, pulling a limp Rupert over his shoulders.

Emma massaged her temples. She closed her eyes and shoved down the insane bundle of memories underneath layers and layers of planning. Assuming the worst, who would come after them? What techniques would they try?

Tom flinched as Emma’s eyes snapped open. A single glowing white ring had appeared around her pupils. She looked almost otherworldly, and Tom could’ve sworn that he could taste it in the air – the scent of ozone, the hint of static.

“Hundreds of paths forward,” she muttered. “Only three yield the highest probability of survival.” Her arms flew up by her side, pointing to opposite ceiling corners.

“*Fidelius.*”Alastor Moody was having an unfortunate morning. His wooden peg leg ached in the dry air of the Ministry halls. The electric-blue eye jittered in its socket, scanning the nervous expressions of officials and Unspeakables alike. *Blasted government suits.* They skittered around him like water spiders afraid that the lake’s surface tension might collapse out from under them.

“One day,” he spat, barging into the Ministry Situation room. An intern scrambled to get out of his way, nearly spilling armfuls of parchment and feather quills. “I was on vacation for *one day*! How could you let things get so out of control?”

Albus allowed himself a brief chuckle as his poor intern grappled with the impossible choices between eavesdropping on sensitive information or trying to move past an enraged Mad-Eye Moody. He was confident that she’d work something out.

“How was your long weekend, Alastor?”

“Don’t try to change the subject! You had one job,” Moody snarled, slamming the door shut.

The mirth dropped from Albus’ wrinkled face. “I had no choice. I had to bring him in. The seal was cracking.”

“You should’ve kept closer surveillance on him! If he regains his memories, all will be lost!”

“Do *not* presume to lecture me on the obvious,” Albus warned, adjusting half-moon spectacles. He never wore them before the films, but he’d grown rather fond of them as of late. They worked well with his favorite star-covered wizard hat. “You know my exact opinion on the matter. And I had very little time. How was I to know that Daniel had such a…*rabid* fan base?”

The intern had resorted to casting a Muffliato charm on herself and turning to face the corner to avoid reading their lips. Albus applauded her quick decision making – perhaps he’d hire her back for next year.

“Well, your idealism has once again jeopardized everything. Even in ‘retirement’!” Moody slammed a newspaper down on the mahogany desk. “‘Daniel’s Disappearance’. ‘Radcliffe Runaway?’ Social media is even worse. How are we going to explain this?”

Albus was about to drop some Dumbledore wisdom on how it would all work out in the end when his senses, finely tuned to the magic of the world, shifted in a rather demoralizing direction. He took off his spectacles wearily and wiped them meticulously with rainbow-colored robes.

“Minerva,” he said into a quill. “I thought you memory charmed Ms. Watson?”

“I did, Albus,” her voice replied. “Although she somehow managed to intuit my presence and intentions with no information other than Daniel’s short call.”

“Granger was always the most dangerous of the bunch,” Moody growled.

“She is not Hermione Granger anymore,” Albus said. “Just Emma Watson. Just as ‘Harry Potter’ no longer exists, only Daniel Radcliffe. Minerva…your team was responsible for monitoring Emma’s electronic communications, was it not?”

“Yes. We saw nothing suspicious this morning.”

“Then care to explain why I can no longer remember where Emma Watson lives?”

In the ensuing silence, Moody pieced the puzzle together in a snap. “Blasted…has her seal cracked? How did she know to cast a Fidelius Charm?”

Albus mustered his old joints out of the comfortable chair and walked over to the floor-to-ceiling window, admiring the view of the Thames overshadowed by Tower Bridge. “I fear that her growth exceeded our wildest expectations despite her seal. Daniel, I expected. But her too? We must find her and anyone she came into contact with before…”

Moody let out a snort and went to pour himself a drink, but not before muttering a plethora of detection charms underneath his breath. The intern, watching Moody’s feet carefully, let out a sigh of relief and moved for the exit. Kingsley Shacklebolt promptly burst through.

“Albus!” Kingsley yelled. “We lost track of Rupert Grint!”

“Moody, come in.” Severus’ voice, normally snide and caustic, seemed uncharacteristically concerned. “Tom Felton is missing from his house.”

“Everyone, calm down!” Albus bellowed as voices clashed and struggled. He flicked out his wand with practiced ease and touched it to his communications quill. “Attention all teams. All three subjects are missing and at large. Ready the Polyjuice for the other three and send in Tonks for Daniel. Make up some story about him needing a vacation.”

“That’s what we should’ve done the *instant* you took him,” Moody said.

“The very fabric of reality itself was warping under the strength of his struggling magic. Forgive me if I didn’t take a moment to shoot my team a text. Or perhaps I should’ve tweeted at them first?” The Supreme Mugwump was ordinarily slow to ire, but the dark impressions hugging his eyes belied his exhaustion.

“Stop, both of you!” Minerva appeared in a shower of phoenix fire. The Headmistress of Hogwarts had large shoes to fill following the Battle of Hogwarts. Dumbledore wore size fifteen wizard slippers, but she had stepped into them with aplomb. “Bickering like children. Honestly.”

Albus flicked his wand and Dobby appeared with an ear-splitting *crack*.

“Dobby is pleased to see you! Harry Potter is restrained.”

“Thank you, Dobby,” Albus said, hastily writing on a new sheet of curling parchment. “We need to find his companions before they fully regain their memories and do something…ill-advised. Dobby, please send an owl to Emma Watson's home with this letter. Once it slips into the Fidelius, sneak in after it and activate this two-way portkey. It is of the utmost importance that they do not see you.” He turned to his intern, who had resigned herself to staying in the corner until the day was over. “Ms. Snow? *Finite Incantatem.* Ms. Snow, you performed admirably. Feel free to go now.”

One moment, Emma’s apartment stood silent and empty. A single sock lay on the floor where Dobby had left it. The next, four of the most powerful modern-day mages appeared backed by a full squad of aurors.

“Constant vigilance,” Moody barked, wand out and spinning through several protective incantations without a second thought.

"Is that really necessary?"

“What happened here?” Minerva said, aghast. “Why is all this furniture…is this a new millennial trend?”

Severus snorted, poking shredded ropes. “Don’t be ridiculous, they clearly expected us. Look, Dumbledore's owl is leaving pellets on Emma's dining room table. They've fled.”

Albus had long thought that the next generation ought to replace him. Fantasies of slowly fading away, eating lemon drops and taking long naps - those were the happy thoughts that got him through the day.

He'd been sorely mistaken.

Now his mind was finely attuned to the whimsical tides of power, aging like a fine wine, or like the actor that played Neville Longbottom. His magic detected resonance from a very powerful mage. Her vibration filled the room, blazed in his mind, thrummed in his core.

Albus readied the Elder Wand. He’d never wanted to use the accursed object again, but this was impossibly important. They *couldn’t* regain their memories. Who knew what they might do?

“*Homenum Revelio.*”Rupert's wand clattered to the ground as a retching Tom Felton appeared impossibly from a spiral in space.

"Tom! Did you get my patronus?"

"No," Tom said, exasperation leaking from his ears. He propped himself up with both hands over the trash can, staring bleakly at the gurgling lava lamp on the nightstand. "I've just been falling through the sky for the last ten minutes to check in on you because I felt like it."

"Smart arse." Rupert pulled his co-star in for a hug. "It's been forever, mate."

Tom frowned, looking over Rupert's shoulder at the pictures on the mantle illuminated by the early afternoon glare. The four of them looked so young and carefree. He knew better.

Pictures never showed the grueling hours of sweaty rehearsal, the arguments won and lost so many times that no one really cared anymore. It was a camraderie that withstood the trials of time, bent but not broken.

"Didn't I text you last week?"

Rupert's grin spread across his face as he picked up his wand, striking an exaggerated dueling pose. "Yeah, so like forever."

"Alright, what's going on?" Tom put the Remembrall down on one of the dining table's wood coasters with a dull *thunk*. "Any luck reaching Emma and Daniel?"

"No," Rupert said, expression cloudy. "I've been..."

The dark blond head of hair followed the direction of the ginger's gaze. Tom groaned as he walked over to the unmade bed and picked up the book.

"*Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.* Really?"

"Look, mate," Rupert grumbled, "Just because you have a good memory doesn't mean-"

"We're actors!" Tom gripped the pages and ran a thumb over the iconic lightning bolt scar on the cover, trying to calm the fraying edges of his sanity. "Anyways, forget it, it's a good idea. Maybe we'll remember some weird spells that will come in handy. Oh yeah...and *magic* is *real*! Why aren't you freaking out more about this!?"

"Because I'm trying to channel my inner Ron Weasley!"

"Ron Weasley would say something like 'bloody gits' and complain about the pronunciation of Wingardium Leviosa." Tom walked around the plush sofa in circles, spinning his wand. "Channel your inner Hermione instead. What would Emma want us to do right now?"

"I've been asking myself that for the last hour," Rupert admitted.

A chime filled the air. Tom ducked behind the kitchen table, wand pointed ramrod straight at the front door. What spell? Avada Kedavra? *No, no,* he berated himself. *Even if it is the magical society, that curse is too dangerous.* He watched, aghast, as his friend walked forward confidently.

"Rupert, no!"

Rupert opened the door and Tom's hand twitched. *Reducto? Stupefy? What was the difference again?*

"Thanks. Have a good one!" Pulling the door shut, Rupert waved a big bag in the air. "Postmates!"

Tom slowly rose from his carefully calculated position on the ground, coughing into his sleeve. "Postmates. You ordered delivery. Are you insane?"

"What, you're just going to skip meals? Do you think Hermione...excuse me, *Emma,* would want us to rush into a situation without thinking it through?"

The burgers were delicious. The buns were just a tad bit soggy, but Tom had to admit that the juicy meat was a welcome comfort after the constant rush of adrenaline this morning.

"Imagine all the possibilities," Rupert ruminated. "No more laundry. No more making the bed. No more cooking!"

"That's what you're thinking of?" Tom asked through a mouthful of greasy fries. "Not, you know, turning lead into gold or making ourselves immortal. Not solving world hunger or ending conflict in the Middle East."

"There's time for those things too. Bloody hell, do you think time-turners exist?"

The smell of oil permeated the apartment as they hastily cleaned up and approached the Remembrall. "Emma's place, or Dan's?" Tom gripped his wand tight. "Or should we practice magic here first?"

"I thought about that," Rupert said. He glanced out enviously at the unfurling clouds that drifted lazily over the quiet English town. "We have no idea how the...the Ministry detects magic usage. I thought a patronus would be okay - that's how Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix sent messages to each other during the war, right?"

"You're talking like they were real people," Tom said, rubbing the stubble on his chin. "Isn't the patronus also how Harry got in trouble with the ministry in book four?"

"I think that was book five. Bugger, this is going to be hard," he said with a laugh. "Okay, Emma's first. She knew the books inside out."

"*Portus.*"

One moment, the two of them were touching the red plastic sphere on the count of three. The next, they were trying to hold their in burgers on the floor of Emma's apartment.

"Next time," Tom wheezed, "No postmates before portkeying."

Rupert clutched his stomach. If his face looked like how he felt, it would be a brilliant shade of Slytherin green. He chose not to respond, giving a curt nod before examining the weave of Emma's modern-style furniture.

"Emma?" Tom called out. "It's me and Rupert. Are you there? Don't freak out, we're not stalkers or anything."

Rupert and Tom stopped moving as the cold barrels of two Glocks pressed up against the back of their skulls.

"Don't move a muscle." Emma's voice was somehow calm and harsh at the same time, like the eye of a storm surrounded by gale-force winds. "Don't turn around. Drop the wands. Any sudden movement and I shoot, and I promise you that bullets can travel faster than words. Drop them!"

They dropped the wands.

"Bloody hell," Rupert managed to blurt out. "Emma, it's us! Where did you even come from?"

"Disillusionment charm," Tom guessed. "It's not Emma, is it?"

"Reverse psychology won't work here," Emma said. "Whoever you are, I'll need time to verify your identities."

Rupert exchanged a confused look with Tom. "Would you please drop the guns? There's no time for this, Emma!"

"*Stupefy.*"\[I read all your comments. Please forgive me if I'm unable to respond to them, as I'm swamped up to my eyes in work. Believe me, they make my day and drive me to do better, so thank you so much!\]

“*Aguamenti.*”

Rupert’s indignant yelp sent water shooting up his nose. The burning sensation ignited a hazy wakefulness as the world swam into view. *Bloody hell*. His arms and legs strained against the coarse ropes that bound him to the hard chair.

“*Aguamenti.*”

And now Tom was sputtering awake, moaning quietly. Emma sat in front of them, a few spots of sun seeping past the blinds and falling on her golden-brown locks. The entire apartment was dim. Not only had the windows all been boarded up, but the door had also been barricaded with the couch. The minimalist furniture took up defensive positions on their sides, making room for the three of them in the center of the living room. It looked like a poltergeist had politely volunteered for home redecorating.

“I give the orders. You cooperate.”

Rupert groaned. “Emma, is this really necessary? Come *on*, it’s us.”

Emma pointed a single finger at him. “*Aguamenti.*”

“*Bloody hell!* Would you stop that?”

Emma slowly rose to her feet, and only then did they notice the Glock in her hand. “There are three main ways of impersonating someone else in Harry Potter canon. The first is Polyjuice Potion, but that only lasts up to twelve hours. It’s been thirteen.”

“God, Emma,” Tom said. “Are you serious right now? You saw us drop in – ministry aurors wouldn’t be so clumsy!”

“The second is being a metamorphmagus. I don’t have access to Veritaserum, so you’ll have to make an unbreakable vow to convince me.”

Tom glanced at Rupert. Rupert rolled his eyes.

“How can we trust you?” he blurted out. “How do we know that *you’re* not a ministry official trying to trick *us*? And how are you casting wandlessly? That's wicked.”

“Careful,” Tom said as Emma inched closer. “You have to be specific with the wording.”

“You’re not in a position to negotiate,” she warned. “I’m going to undo only one of your restraints. Any sudden moves and I shoot. Rupert, reach over and touch our linked hands. Slowly, now. *Diffindo. Diffindo.*”

The ropes fell limply, and he groaned in relief as blood rushed back into his left hand. Surely there was a faster way to convince Emma? Tom seemed resigned to humoring her, gripping her hand cautiously.

“Do you, Tom Felton, agree to tell me the truth, and only the truth, for the next hour?”

Tom hesitated. “I will.”

Flame streamed from their clasped hands, coiling into thin lines that bound their wrists together.

“And will you, to the best of your ability, warn me of any person or entity that attempts to cause us harm, including but not limited to physical or mental damage?”

“I will.”

“And should it prove necessary, will you act in the most effective way to signal to me if you are unable to comply verbally?”

“I will.”

“*Incarcerous. Wingardium Leviosa. Diffindo. Diffindo.*”

Emma rebound them and swapped their positions before repeating the process with Rupert, maintaining eye contact the whole while. He stared into those deep brown pools and dutifully repeated *I will*, wondering if those strong orbs were as merciless as they seemed.

When the vows were finally complete, Emma seemed to relax marginally. She slid her Glock back into the holster and sat back down, releasing their bonds with a brief *‘Finite’*.

“Are either of you part of a group looking to wipe our memories or otherwise hide the magical world?”

“No,” they chorused.

“Do either of you mean me harm, including but not limited to physical or mental damage?”

“No!”

“Bugger off, Emma,” Rupert said. “No. Isn’t this enough?”

She was watching them carefully, and Rupert caught a glimpse of just how far ahead she’d planned. It was scary. She set up the situation to watch for their reactions; why else would she explain all of this to them? It was to get them talking, in hopes that they’d slip up.

“The third way is indirect, via the Imperius,” Emma said.

Tom opened his mouth in a small ‘o’ shape that betrayed the confusion that Rupert felt. “Shouldn’t the unbreakable vow cover that?”

She shook her head as she approached them. “No. The unbreakable vow can only interpret what you yourself believe to be true. That means you can be Obliviated or False Memory charmed, and then Imperiused.”

“How would any of us know what’s real, then?” Tom argued.

“I need to be sure,” Emma insisted, and for a moment the mask slipped. Rupert caught a glimpse of the ferocity underneath, hungry to guarantee the safety of her friends and desperate to protect them at all costs. It was the roar of a mother lion, the determination of a true Gryffindor.

“How are you going to make sure?” Rupert asked.

“There’s only one known way to break the *Obliviate* charm that doesn’t involve torture. Coincidentally, it’s also a way to shake False Memory charms, and tests for the Imperius as well.”

“I don’t remember this from the books,” Tom admitted. Emma turned to Rupert and braced herself, pointing at him with a single finger like a magnanimous goddess.

“*Legilimens.*”\[Based off the following prompt:  **\[WP\] Daniel Radcliffe loved remembering his time on the set of Harry Potter. One day, while walking through the park, he picked up a fallen branch nearby and swung it with an "Expelliarmus!" A streak of light streamed from the branch and knocked a walker's phone out of their hand.** \]

\[**Alright, y'all have convinced me. I will write 1 part a day in addition to my daily post until it is complete. On my honor. :P**\]

"Are you sure?" Emma's normally elegant voice warbled through the cheap device.

"I'm calling you *from the phone that I disarmed!* Hey, hold on! Okay, okay. Emma, I need to give the nice man his phone back. But I'll call you as soon as I get to my apartment."

Daniel wasn't sure how to feel. Elated? Incredulous? He pinched himself as he jogged through the concrete jungle. The dim New York street lights felt colder than normal as they rushed past. Shadows seemed spookier in the mid-October mood, elongating away from apartment lights that revealed rotting pumpkins and dusty cobwebs.

"Lucky no one was around," he muttered to himself. He'd extracted a promise of secrecy from the stranger in exchange for a photo and a coffee chat with Emma before rushing home. Of all the days to not bring his phone on a run through Bryant Park!

He unlocked the door, pulse pumping like pistons. Daniel felt a quiet sense of familiarity sooth fraying nerves as the hinges creaked shut.

"I'm sorry, 'Harry'."

He whirled around, hand instinctively reaching for the umbrella by the doorway. An old man with a long white beard stepped into the dim light and pointed a wand at him.

"Nice cosplay," Daniel said. "How...how did you get into my apartment? Look, I get 'visitors' like you all the time, and you can't just-"

"There simply can't be any witnesses. You're technically not a registered wizard."

Daniel opened his mouth to protest, racking his brain on the off chance that this man was-

"*Obliviate.*"

---

Emma hung up her cell. Although her film alter ego was a prodigy amongst prodigies, the brain behind the beauty that played her was no cheap copy. She brushed a single lock of hair behind her ear as her mind spun into overdrive.

Possibilities. Probabilities. Impossible machinations threaded between lines so thin it took her a full minute to read between them.

“It’s not consistent with the laws of physics. Although, they do say that any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.”

She rose from her bed where she’d been rudely awakened by Daniel’s call. He’d sounded…happy. Excited, even. But she knew better. Clearing her throat, she looked at floor where moonbeams formed pale white rectangles on the rug.

“Of course, the likelihood that such a discovery would be made by Daniel of all people is simply too low. There are no such things as true coincidences, only patterns woven by fate that only those who pay attention can detect."

She yawned, walking over to the pitcher of water she always kept on the kitchen counter. The tiles felt nice and cool beneath her feet. Emma always kept her apartment chilly when she slept to ensure quality rest.

"The natural conclusion? There must be a group dedicated to keeping such a discovery under wraps. Otherwise, it would spread through the internet like a spark in dry heat during August. Occam's razor indicates that the simplest explanation here may be correct."

Emma poured herself a glass of water and downed it in three rapid gulps. Allowing herself a soft *ah* of contentment, she looked out the window once more, admiring the roundness of the full moon.

"When you Obliviate me, Professor McGonagall, please make sure I don't hit my head."

An old woman pulled off her invisibility cloak behind Emma's back. Her expression was inscrutable, but the lines of her face tightened visibly.

"You are a terrifying creature, Ms. Watson. *Obliviate.*"

---

Rupert Grint woke up with a start. He checked his watch and let out a heavy sigh, pushing back the covers that failed to block out the encroaching cold. He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes.

"I sure miss Emma and Dan," he said. The redhead pulled the covers over his face and promptly began snoring.

A few minutes passed.

"You sure he can't hear us?" Tonks asked underneath her cloak.

Kingsley Shacklebolt shot her a withering glare as he tried to shift into a more comfortable position. If anyone in the department were to hear about his close proximity with the metamorphmagus, he wouldn't hear the end of it for weeks.

"Are you questioning the strength of my Muffliato?"

"Don't get your panties all in a bunch," Tonks grumbled. "Are we done here? There's definitely no need to Obliviate him. He clearly didn't have contact with the others, and look at the doofus - fast asleep already."

Kingsley hesitated, but the air was getting too hot and the perspiration sticking his shirt to his chest was distracting. Blasted department budgets.

"We're good here. Let's report back."

Rupert Grint heard two quiet pops. He stayed still, fake snoring until his throat became dry as sandpaper and hints of blue and purple peaked up from the dark sky.

He was never as smart as Emma or well-liked as Daniel. When Emma made him practice chess to better embody Ron Weasley, he'd reluctantly played along. Now he regretted not exercising his strategic thinking more.

When he was finally ready to test the waters, he yawned and rubbed the black circles forming underneath his eyes. On his way to the toilet, he snagged one of the fake wands he kept on his bookshelf, a memento from an enthusiastic fan. Closing his bathroom door, he turned the soft wood over in his palm. Emma had woken him up with a text that seemed innocent enough. Luckily, he'd seen it on his watch first.

**Did you know that dolphins are actually incredibly intelligent?**

That was the code-phrase she'd set up when they were teenagers for the specific situation where the magical society was real and out to get them. He and Daniel had teased her, until she'd gone on to give them over forty other encoded messages for possible emergency scenarios, covering everything from aliens to time travelers. They'd laughed and called her paranoid.

Rupert wasn't laughing now. What to do? Phone and internet were no good - if the roles were flipped, he'd bug all his devices for sure. He'd have to take a risk. Mustering up all his focus, the ginger gripped the wand just a bit tighter and focused on memories of his two friends.

"Why didn't I pay closer attention to the wand instructions during rehearsal?" he muttered.

"*Expecto Patronum*."“I still can’t believe that the counter curse was just ‘*unjellify’*.” Tom ran a hand along the book spines in the fiction section, pausing at R.L. Stine’s *The Snowman.* He’d loved this book so much as a kid. So much that he didn’t return it after he took it home.

“Are you still on about that?” Emma shook her head disapprovingly, fingers drumming a percussive melody on the computer’s keyboard. The New York Public library’s walls and floors gleamed with wood polish. Brass lamps adorned desks laden with books. “We already know it’s all about *intent.* If you’ve got nothing better to do, help Rupert.”

*“Harry Potter.”*

*“Are you really? I know all about you, of course.” And of course she did. She’d done all her reading before the first day of class.*

*Splinters blew past her as the troll’s club swung straight through a bathroom stall. She was going to die. Choking on the rotten stench of decay blowing straight from the creature’s loincloth, she screamed and curled into a ball.*

*“Confuse it!”*

*“Oy, pea-brain!”*

*One month. They’d told her it couldn’t be done, that the Polyjuice potion was too difficult. She felt the satisfaction spread from her stomach to her fingers and toes.*

*She did it! She actually punched Draco in the face!*

*Lowered her trembling wand, she let her parents fall gently onto the couch. There was no other way, she told herself. Now they’d be safe from the Death Eaters.*

“Tom?”

“Coming,” he said, ripping himself out of the shallow pool of memories. “You found something?”

The frown carved on Emma’s face gave her a stern sort of beauty. “I tried harder, but the only memory that’s recent is just Daniel asking me about those words. ‘The Tears of Osiris.’”

“What would Daniel want with some magic water?” Rupert snorted.

“Immortality?” Tom guessed. “Maybe someone was sick, and the tears refer to a cure.”

“There’s nothing about it anywhere on the internet. Blast it all!” Her hand slammed down on the table, echoing in the empty room.

“Whoa, there,” Rupert said. “What’s gotten into you?”

“This is what I’m supposed to be good at!” Emma stared at the clenched fists in her lap. “Research, knowledge…that’s my *specialty*.”

“No,” Tom corrected. “That’s *Hermione’s* specialty. We already talked about how there’s surprisingly few memories recovered between the three of us. It’s not who we are, Emma.”

She stared off into space. “Osiris. The Egyptian god of the dead. God of resurrection. Judge of the deceased, protector of the fallen, ruler of eternity. Nowhere are there any mention of tears.”

“Here she goes again,” Rupert sighed.

The chair screeched backwards. “Wait. I remember reading something about the oldest treasures of amazing libraries…”

“You would.”

“…And I remember that the Austrian National Library had an interesting one. The *Book of the Dead*, a twenty-foot scroll containing ‘magical spells’ to help the dead go to the afterlife.”

Tom was already in her seat and typing away. “Bloody hell, Emma. Osiris is all over this thing. You don’t think…”

“It’s not a magical artifact,” Rupert realized. “It’s a *spell*. Daniel was looking for some sort of lost spell!”

Emma pointed at the Remembrall that had become their de facto method of travel.

“*Portus.*”

Disillusionment and noise-cancelling charms hastily fell into place. “You portkeyed us directly in?” Tom hissed. The darkness of the library stretched into mysterious corners and creepy nooks. Blinking lights flickered like eyes in the shadows as Vienna slept just outside the walls.

“Time’s running out.” Emma peered at the long glass case where the *Book of the Dead* stretched out for display. “We don’t know what they’re doing to Daniel. Drat. I can’t read it, and we can’t risk a Lumos…”

“*Alohomora.*”

“*Rupert!*” Emma said, aghast. The electronic lock gave a soft whirr of defeat as the side window slid open noiselessly. “We can’t just *take* it!”

“Why not?” The ginger frowned, levitating the scroll out of the glass case carefully. “I thought you said that we were short on time?”

“This is a priceless artifact! You’re desecrating not only an ancient Egyptian relic, but also the largest library in Austria!”

“Are you seriously complaining about books right now?”

“We don’t have another option,” Tom said. “Look, I know it pains you to steal a book, but-”

“Oh, be quiet,” Emma said. “Fine. *Portus.*”

Nothing happened when they touched the Remembrall.

“*Portus.*”

“*Stupefy!*”

Rupert hurled himself forward on instinct. He slammed into his friends, shoving them down as a bright red flash shattered the glass case behind them. Tinkling shards showered around their heads, decorating the papyrus pages.

“*Protego Maxima!*” Tom yelled, rolling into a crouch. Bending his magic to his will, he pushed out as large of a shield charm as he could manage and blocked off the cavernous entrance.

“I’ve found them!” An auror shouted. “This way! *Stupefy!*”

The sound of stamping feet ripped a curse from Tom’s mouth as the red pulse scattered across the blue-white protection of his shield. “We need to leave *now*.”

“They must have some sort of anti-portkey ward,” Emma said, frantically brushing glass off of the *Book of the Dead*. “Ow! Probably anti-apparition too. How did they know we were here?”

“Worry about that later!” Rupert said. “What happened to all your contingency plans?”

“I’m working on it!”

“Enough,” Tom grunted. “This is why you need a Slytherin on the team. *Incendio!*”

Brilliant green fire billowed outwards, licking greedily at the amassing aurors. Several were forced to divert their attention to flame extinguishing charms. Emma flinched as the ferocious heat obliterated several exhibits.

"Not enough," Tom groaned. "Fine, have it your way."

He let his shield fall and raised an arm until it was eye level, outstretched hand open and commanding.

An auror looked up and paled. "No-!"

“*Fiendfyre!*”“*Revelio! Specialis Revelio! Appare Vestigium! Accio Emma Watson!*”

“Give it a rest, Albus,” Severus said at last. The first name basis still left a strange aftertaste in his mouth after decades of addressing the man as ‘Professor’. He kicked aside a chair, wand at the ready. A quiet hoot drew his attention to Hedwig, who swiveled her head around and blinked sadly. “They’re not here. We need to go back and draw more power from Daniel.” 

Although his own hair was rapidly greying, Severus regarded Albus and Minerva with growing concern and frustration. Age had graffitied their faces, seeped into their eyes, and dragged at their limbs like an insistent child. Yet the mantle of duty plagued them still. Another budding Dark Lord was already on the rise less than two decades after Voldemort’s defeat.

Albus allowed his wand arm to fall limply by his side after attempting several more complicated enchantments. “Never have my senses failed me so.” 

“She’s powerful,” Minerva said. “And she had time to prepare. There may even be subtle charms in this room.” 

“The little lass played us all,” Moody grunted. He ripped down the blinds with curt downward strokes of his wand, releasing the restraints that held back the dying daylight. “She predicted we’d find the Fidelius and used it as a red herring. She’s probably gone international with the others by now.” 

Crack by crack, the group disapparated to chase other leads. Severus stayed behind for a moment, hesitating as he glanced around the overturned apartment. Something was wrong, but he couldn’t quite place his finger on what. 

His wrist tingled. 

Clutching it, he scrutinized the place where he’d made the unbreakable vow with Narcissa all those years ago. *Tch.* He was getting sentimental in his old age. 

*Crack.*

---

If Rupert’s eyes were any wider, he could’ve auditioned for an anime. “Power? They’ve kidnapped Dan to suck his magic?” 

“Like the mosquitos they are,” Tom said, wrinkling his nose like he’d smelled maggot-infested food. “Welcome back to the land of the living. How’re you feeling?” 

“Like some git stuck a spoon into my brain and spun it around. Where are we?” 

“My closet,” Emma said, pushing hangers aside for more space. The room displayed clothes of every style, from cute summer dresses to chic outfits seen only at fashion shoots. “I cast a second Fidelius within the one that hid my apartment.” 

“Bloody brilliant,” Rupert exclaimed. “Now what? We’ve got to get Dan back.” 

She hesitated. “Do you remember anything about the legilimancy attempt?” 

Rupert jolted to his feet and smashed his head into the clothes rack in his haste. “Ow!” 

“Careful!” Emma scolded. “*Capacious extremis!*” 

The walnut colored walls groaned in response to sheer power behind her space extension charm, stretching and pulling until the closet was as large as her apartment outside. 

“Thanks,” Rupert muttered. “What happened after you vanished the shield? I have all these…crazy thoughts in my head. Like I was…” 

“Like you’re Ron Weasley.” 

“That’s not funny, Emma,” Tom said. 

“No, she’s right.” Rupert touched his forehead gingerly. “It’s not like when we were on set. There’re no green screens, no cameras…it feels *real*. I can remember how bad it hurt when the broom smacked me in the face that first day of Quidditch practice with Madam Hooch. I remember the Howler Mum sent me after I stole the flying car.” 

Stretching his legs out, Tom shook his head. “False memories. That’s got to be it.” 

“Legilimancy is supposed to be able to detect those,” Emma said. “And I saw them too. *Felt* them.” 

A grin crossed Rupert’s face. “Hey, what would your fans think if they caught the beautiful Emma Watson red-handed with me and Tommy boy together in a closet?” 

“Don’t make me hex you.” 

“Wait, wait, wait,” Tom said, holding up both hands. “Let’s get this straight, eh? You’re saying that Rupert…is actually *Ron Weasley*.” 

“Is it that hard to believe? We just saw people who sure thought they were Dumbledore, McGonagall, Moody, and Snape.”

“Only one way to find out, right?” Rupert said, pointing at Tom with a Marauder’s grin. 

“No! Don’t-”  

“*Legilimens.*”

He emerged from the spell to see Emma’s face creased with concern. Shoving down rising emotions that he didn’t remember having yesterday, Rupert winced as a headache split his mind with foreign memories. 

*That kid in Madam Malkin’s was strange. Something about him…no, no matter. Father was losing him in the crowd, and he had to catch up.*  

*The screaming crowd distracted him as he turned his broom into a sharp dive. Faster. Faster! With the howling vortex drowning it all out, he felt alive. This was his element. Urging his steed forward recklessly, his fingers reached out for the golden sni-*

*His cheek stung underneath his palm, but he pretended it didn’t exist. How dare that mudblood Granger lay a hand on him? Father would certainly hear about this. On second thought, no…Father would never, never hear about this.*

*Lights flashed around me. It was thrilling and terrifying at the same time. My pride pushed me forward even as Harry’s spells drove me back.* 

*Blood. Pain.* 

*No.* 

*I don’t want to do this. Kill Dumbledore? But…my life. My family. This is not right – how did it all become so royally screwed up? It wasn’t supposed to be this way.* 

“Rupert?” 

The ginger exhaled heavily. He placed a shaky hand on Emma’s shoulder, looking over at a stirring Tom. “It wasn’t as bad this time. I told Tom what to expect, and we slowly let the memories out. I…” 

“Well?” Emma urged. “Is he really…?” 

Rupert nodded. 

“How much did you see?” Tom staggered to his feet. His face looked as haggard as that of a soldier returning home and learning his dog just died. 

“Not that much. Enough.” The silence stretched between them like a winding country road. Emma affixed a stare at Tom, who was trying his best to study his feet like it was the script to his next role. Rupert was looking at neither of them. It was unbearable. 

“*Rictusempra*,” Rupert murmured, shattering the brief tension with a flick of his fingers. Their eyes widened, but it was too late. 

“You prat!” Emma howled when the forced giggles finally subsided. “*Aqua Eructo!*"

"*Immobulus!*"

"*Cantis!*"

Tom narrowly avoided another tickling charm in the harmless crossfire after he shrugged off Rupert's. A reluctant smile graced his lips. Diving behind a wardrobe, the former Slytherin gave back better than he got.

*“Calvorio!”*

*“Riddikulus!”* 

“That’s for *boggarts*, you twit!” 

The three friends collapsed on the ground in a heap, a reluctant truce imposed by drained stamina. They panted for breath and laughed up at the ceiling of Emma’s closet. It felt brighter. 

“I’m no good with…heavy stuff,” Rupert admitted, mopping sweat off his brow. “Look, it’s fine. Whatever happened…”

Tom pulled an arm over his face, sobered. “I’ve done horrible things.” 

“Stop." Emma rose to her feet and dragged the other two along with her. Without warning, her arms snaked behind their heads and pulled them in tight. “We can think about it later. We’re obviously not the same people as…them. We’ve lived entirely separate lives.” 

The hesitation was palpable. Rupert could see it; the spectre of stubborn pride, misery, and indecision hovered around Tom like an overcast cloud. It reminded him of the scared young boy he saw in his memories, the one caught between his own morals and those of a generation too broken to fix. 

“We need to get Daniel back,” he insisted. “Whatever this is, we can get through it together. We’ll figure it out, eh?” 

And there it was. The look of determination he’d seen in the actor so many times. Whether it was poring over the script or pulling late nights studying Draco Malfoy in the books, Tom was never one to shy away from doing what was necessary. Even if it cost him dearly.  

“Yeah. If even *Weasley* is in, how can I refuse?” Like the sun peeping in from a hole in the clouds, Tom smiled a crooked smile and nodded. "Let's go save Potter.” 

“It won’t be easy,” Emma admitted. “I’ve been juggling plans in my head. First, we need to unseal my memories. Tom?” 

He looked confused. “What?”

“Will you do the honors?” 

*You don't know what I'm capable of, you don't know what I've done!*

*It is exceptionally lonely, being Draco Malfoy. I will always be suspected. There is no escaping the past.*

*Whatever life throws at me, I'll take it and be grateful as well.*

With a shuddering breath, Tom locked away his fears and tossed out the key. “It would be my pleasure.” His smile turned wicked. “But first…”

Emma blinked. “No-!”

“*Locomotor Wibbly!*”“Butterflies and moonshine, raindrops and honey! Flowers aplenty, and a big raggedy bunny! “

Rupert held a bag of frozen peas to his head, staring at a prancing Daniel ricocheting around the Great Hall. The professors guarded the various doors, making sure the former Boy-Who-Lived couldn’t leave.

“The stars! They burn! Come, fly with me into the endless abyss!” He dragged Lily and Rose behind him, apparently not noticing the mournful looks on their faces.

Dumbledore sat down with a defeated groan, also nursing a bag of peas. “It’s good for them to keep an eye on him. The children are growing up.”

“Explain,” Rupert blurted out. “You promised you would. Why is he like that?” He vaguely registered Tom and Emma’s presence across from him. They were silent.

Dumbledore sighed. “Where should I even begin? Alright. After the Second Wizarding War and the second death of Voldemort, there was peace. Mister Potter and Mr. Weasley joined the Auror Corps. Ms. Granger joined the ministry, working with both Magical Creatures and Law Enforcement. Draco…was rich and didn’t need a job.”

Tom winced. “You speak as if we aren’t them.”

“Let me finish. Keep in mind, this is secondhand information; I was dead at the time.” He glanced at Daniel, who was busy walking across the Slytherin table with only his hands. A flick of the Elder Wand sent up a spiraling lightshow that coalesced into an image of Harry.

“He never got his happy ending, after the war. Not like it was written in the books. Harry never forgave himself for the ones who had fallen.”

The lightshow danced to and fro like fireflies, forming new patterns as Dumbledore recited names dutifully.

“Fred. Tonks. Sirius. Severus. The list goes on and on. Even me, I’m told. He began researching the Tears of Osiris in his free time; a long-lost, forbidden, *cursed* ritual that was rumored to revive fallen souls.”

Another flick. The scene shifted, forming a giant globe racked with red explosions.

“Technology was our undoing. Eventually, inevitably, mankind discovered wizardkind. Muggles feared wizards and their arcane power, seeking to militarize us. Wizards feared muggles and their rapidly advancing civilization. Everyone always fears what they don’t understand, after all. All it took was a single spark, a single misunderstanding, and war erupted.”

“That can’t be,” Emma said. “People love the magical world! There are fanbases all across-”

“Ms. Watson, you still haven’t figured it out, have you? In our world, *Harry Potter* the book series was never published.”

Her face froze. Rupert knew it belied the gears turning underneath. “Oy! What’s that supposed to mean?”

“I’m getting there, Rupert,” Dumbledore said. “Bear with me a few moments longer. War started just a month after Hugo was born. Despite our best efforts, we lost almost everyone in the bloodshed. What neither Voldemort nor Grindelwald could accomplish over decades, the brightest scientists and soldiers of man achieved in *months*.”

Daniel skipped by. “My dear Professor. Do you recall that devils and angels have a single thing in common? It’s their *loneliness*. Ta-ta!”

“Uncle, get back here!” Rose puffed after him. “Lily, you corner him around the other side! James, get off your dumb arse and help!”

Dumbledore shook his head in pity. “The first to go, I’m told, was Mr. Weasley. You took a bullet for Harry in a massive confrontation known as the Massacre of London. The next was Ms. Granger. She passed away helping Harry in his desperate attempt to chase down the last traces of the Tears of Osiris.”

“What about me?” Tom asked. “Draco wasn’t on the…friendliest of terms with Harry.”

“No, he wasn’t. But at that point, there were precious few familiar faces. I’m told by observers that he and Harry stood back to back, fighting heroically at the Battle of Beijing in a last-ditch effort to save the Chinese Ministry.”

“I died.”

“Draco died, taking a knife to the chest rather than duck aside. Harry ended up one of the last wizards left in the world. That’s when he finally found it – the Tears of Osiris, hidden within an old Egyptian relic.”

“The *Book of the Dead*,” Emma said. “We found it as well!”

“As did Voldemort, and Grindelwald before him,” Dumbledore acknowledged. “It was left alone for a reason. The willpower and magic required for that damned ritual are simply too great, but there’s another restriction – in order to use that spell, legend suggests that something of equal value must be sacrificed.”

“But it does nothing useful,” Emma argued. “It looks like a spell meant to create mass horcruxes!”

“Ah, you translated the first Tear of Osiris. The Tear for souls. Fate has a morose sense of humor, for the ancient Egyptians never associated crying tears with the action ‘to tear’. Nevertheless, there are three Tears of Osiris.”

*Swish* went the Elder Wand, creating three large droplets of water that contained various images. In the background, the sound of Daniel singing a Christmas carol carried across the empty tables.

“Legend has it that the first Tear rips souls from their repositories in the fabric of the universe, living or dead. The second Tear rips the fabric of time, allowing you to collect souls from as far back as you can travel. The third Tear rips the fabric of space, allowing you to traverse dimensions.”

Emma rose shakily, just as Rupert connected the dots. Tom buried his face in his hands.

“Oh Daniel,” Emma choked out, watching as he did cartwheels across the High Table where the professors usually sat. “He brought everyone back, didn’t he? And took us to another earth?”

“I imagine he traveled as far back in time as he could manage, and it cost him everything,” Dumbledore acknowledged. “The strength of his magic is undeniable. No one knows exactly how he did it. When the great Event happened, I awoke and found him like you see him now, wandering the corridors of Hogwarts and talking to himself.”

The large doors of the Great Hall swung open. In swept a black-haired witch with elegant features, followed closely by J.K. Rowling.

“Ginny, Astoria, come sit,” Dumbledore called out. “I was just explaining what happened after the Event.”

“J.K. Rowling is Ginny!?” Rupert almost fell off the bench.

Joanne slapped him across the head. “Yes, former brother mine.”

“Technically we both are, so we can swap off looking after the kids. She's Joanne on even days, I'm Joanne on odd. Hello, Draco." Astoria smirked, laying an arm around a shell-shocked Tom.

“Human transfiguration,” Emma realized. “And that’s what you did to us! We’re actually adults…you transfigured us into kids, and faked our growth with incremental incantations! But why?”

“Impatient as always,” Joanne said. “Let's see. We were in a different universe. Harry had lost his mind. We tried to find a cure, but…”

Astoria shook her head. “Nothing. Hermione, brilliant lady as she was, almost killed herself a second time trying to find some way to lift the malady.”

“Yes. We asked ourselves how we could stop the same war that Harry *just* saved us from.”

The redheaded author extracted a wand from her sleeve and manipulated the floating lights.

“Stories. That was my way. I wrote all of Harry's adventures from his first year into a children's book. I hoped it would at least convince some Muggles, and, well...the rest is history. We couldn’t have predicted how popular it would become." She looked wistfully at the children fruitlessly attempting to dogpile him. "I wish he could see just how many lives he has touched.”

Emma frowned like she was trying to solve a massive jigsaw puzzle and didn’t quite have all the pieces. “You made us children and wiped all of our memories. Why?”

Joanne looked her straight in the eye and gripped her shoulder tight. “Because you begged us to, you stupid fool. With great sorrow, we locked away Harry’s memories and magic, reverting him to the mind and body of a child. It was the only way to block the curse. When the books became film, he became Daniel Radcliffe playing as Harry. No one else deserved to be that role. We felt he would be happy this way, but you three couldn’t bear the thought of him being alone out there.”

“You were quite insistent, as I remember,” Astoria said dryly. “Ron was the same. Draco too, surprisingly. You forced us to obliviate all but a few memories that we had to avoid, for fear of damaging your psyche. It was stupid and sentimental. It was human.”

“What exactly is driving him insane?” Emma asked.

“Ah, just as analytical as you were back then.” Astoria clasped her hand tightly. “Magic affects your mind just as mind affects your magic. Harry’s very magic and memories had become interwoven and infected. It was like his soul had developed cancer.”

“The seal, all that talk of draining his power,” Rupert said. “You were trying to slow down the infection.”

“Not exactly. I intended to seal away his magic and memories permanently,” Dumbledore lamented. “When I went to Obliviate him the night he accidentally rediscovered one of his favorite spells, I thought perhaps we could still keep up this dance, this act.”

The lights reformed and expanded. Chains wrapped around four great suns, each pulsing with its own heartbeat.

“I hoped, stubborn old man that I am, that the lives of Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, and Tom Felton could go undisturbed and happy as they were. We all felt that you, the heroes of the wizarding world, deserved that. I failed to notice that Daniel’s magic had begun to erode my restraints. And when his magic broke free…”

“…so did his cursed memories,” Joanne finished. “No one blames either of you, Albus and Rupert.” She gave him a wry smile. It only made Rupert feel worse.

“But…the kids…” Emma trailed off. “You two have been raising them the whole time?”

“With help. But yes, it was an idiotic and irresponsible decision on your part.” The author’s voice cracked. She gazed across the hall where her former husband was busy climbing the Hufflepuff tapestry.

“It would have made no difference who played Emma Watson, or Rupert Grint, or Tom Felton. It didn’t have to be you three. And yet…I wished it could have been me! I wished that I could have found some way to feel *something more,* do *anything more,* to honor his sacrifice, the sacrifice of the *man I love*.”

Quiet descended around the table like nightfall, save for Fawkes, who was crying into a mug in front of Ron.

“Now what?” Tom asked at last. “Surely, there must be a way…”

“There is no way!” Joanne shouted, slamming both fists down on the glazed wood. Her shoulders quivered as sobs racked her body. “There’s nothing we can do! In a few hours, he’ll get quieter and quieter, until he unleashes another wave of pent-up magic. Then he reverts back to this sorry state!”

Dumbledore sighed, taking off his wizard hat. “It’s my fault. I failed to notice that my rarely-used ancient seal had constrained all your powers instead of dissipating them. After almost two decades of being cooped up, you had enough power at your fingertips to bend reality to your whim. Beyond that, you still had the instinctual pathways built up in your brain to use it.”

“Harry wouldn’t want you to blame yourself, Albus. Besides, it would do the children good to see one of his episodes,” Astoria murmured. “They deserve to understand, for closure. Before we try to wipe his memory again.”

“Old buddy, old pal,” Daniel sang as he stopped by. “Old mate, old gal!”

“Daniel.” Rupert sniffed, grabbing the stray arm that waved back and forth. “It’s me. Can you see me?”

“Sometimes I think that I’m the sound of a single hand clapping, or perhaps the noise a tree makes when there’s no one around to hear it fall.”

“I’m going to get you out of there, you hear me? I promise.”

“Rupert,” Dumbledore said wearily. “Please, sit down. It’s not your obligation anymore – memories make up the person, and you are no longer Ron Weasley. You have a chance at a new life, and Harry would…Harry would want that for all of you.”

Gazing at the cup in front of him, Rupert stroked Fawkes’ head. “You knew all along, didn’t you? Ever since I found you in the Headmaster’s office. Well…I trust you.” In one quick gulp, he downed the cup of phoenix tears.

“What do you think you’re doing?” Emma asked.

Rupert straightened up, looking Daniel in the eye. “Do you know what my best spell is?”

Tom frowned. “What’s going on?”

The ginger barked out a short laugh. “Harry had several. He was probably blasted *Merlin* level with the Protego, Expelliarmus, and Expecto Patronum. Hermione was good at almost everything she tried. Draco had such a knack for fire magic that he could probably give Dumbledore a run for his money.”

“That he could,” the old man admitted. “You yourself were quite adept, as I remember.”

“You don’t have to flatter me.” Rupert grabbed Daniel’s arm again to keep him from running off. “I was a mess. I was never a good student at Hogwarts, and my greatest aspiration outside of playing Ron Weasley was to be an ice cream truck man.”

He hugged Daniel tight and kept him there. “My best spell…my *favorite* spell…was the one you taught me, Emma. The one I could never get right at first, the one that started our friendship. Ironic, now that it’s come to this…magic is all about intent, right?”

“Rupert, what are you doing?”

He could still hear her voice in the back of his mind, coaching him in his pronunciation. After the incident with the troll, he’d practiced this charm over and over again to make sure he’d never get it wrong.

“Come back to us, mate. *Wingardium Leviosa.*”Two Slytherins and a Gryffindor sat underneath the great tree in the Hogwarts courtyard, enjoying the morning breeze. The fifth-years shared a hard-won comfortable silence. Occasionally, one of them would bring up the Potions Paper due Friday or the upcoming Quidditch match between Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw.

“*Arresto Momentum!*”

They watched, stunned, as a figure dropped from the sky like a swooping sparrow. The brown-haired head landed neatly in a crouched position before sprinting towards the school.

“*Arresto Momentum!*”

The second figure hit the grass just before he was ready, staggering off balance before moving to follow the first. A short yell of panic drew his attention upwards, and all three students peered out from under the tree’s dark-green coat.

“*Arresto Momentu-!*”

The student trio winced as the charm took the brunt of the fall, but not the bite. The second figure slammed a hand to his forehead before pointing.

“*Brackium Emendo,*” he muttered. Noticing the children, he waved nonchalantly before dragging the groaning ginger into the school. “Nothing to see here. Have a good day!”

Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy blinked owlishly. “Al, did I have too much firewhiskey last night, or was that my father?”

Albus Severus Potter rushed to gather up his school supplies. “Not just your father. That was Rose’s parents too!”

Rose Granger-Weasley had abandoned her bag and was already chasing after them. “Forget your stuff, come on! This is a disaster!”

---

James Sirius Potter was sneaking around with a minion in tow. “Now,” he said. “The first law about being a Marauder is-”

“Solemly swearing to do no good,” Hugo Granger-Weasley echoed dutifully.

“Exactly,” James said, tapping the Marauder’s map with his wand. “Someday soon, I’m going to graduate, and we're all counting on you to carry on our glorious legacy. Now…what in Merlin’s beard?”

“Is the map wrong?” Hugo asked.

“The map is never wrong.” James frowned. But that would mean…

Two blurs sped by them, blowing the parchment into their faces. The two Gryffindor students stared after them in shock.

“Hey!” James yelled. “Get back here! After them, Hugo!”

---

A Gryffindor girl walked alone down an empty hall reading a Muggle book in one hand and twirling a quill in the other. Magic danced around her feet and fluttered through her red hair. Now and then she glanced up and examined the patterns in the stone walls, lost in thought.

A gasping redhead jogged slowly past her. “Excuse me, miss, would you happen to know where the Headmaster’s office is?”

“Up the stairs over there, seventh floor, gargoyle,” the third-year replied absentmindedly.

It wasn’t until she rounded the corner and the magic whispering in her ears finally caught her attention that she spun around in panic. It was already too late – Rupert Grint was out of sight, and the staircase was shifting in the wrong direction.

Lily Luna Potter snapped her book shut. Her deep brown eyes crackled with latent power as she swiftly determined what his presence meant and what she needed to do. She ran in the opposite direction.

“*Hogwarts,*” she intoned. “*Heed my call.*”

---

“I came as quickly as I could,” Neville said. His professor robes flapped behind him as he rushed over to his fellow teachers. “What’s the situation?”

“No sign of them yet,” Severus replied, wand at the ready. His silver hair made Neville feel old. It seemed like just yesterday that his boggart was a younger, black-haired, sneering Snape. “Albus is down in the chamber. Minerva is guarding the entrance. The rest of us are out here, where there’s more room to maneuver.”

Generic Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher #23 spoke up. “How will they try to get past us? Do we know anything about their best spells?”

Filius Flitwick adjusted his bowtie. “If their memories are back at all, we will have our hands full. Unpredictable, those three are. If Daniel were here…”

“Shouldn’t we just talk to them?” Neville gripped his own wand tightly, eyes scanning the empty corridors to either side.

“*Tch.* You’re simplistically assuming that they’ll give us time to breathe.” Severus jabbed his wand at the ground, casting several powerful defensive enchantments. “They’re coming. I can feel it. Prepare yourselves!”

---

Tom watched as Emma consulted their makeshift Marauders’ map. The air felt heavy with magic. It was soaked into the stone and rippled in waves underneath his feet.

It brought back memories, not all of them good.

“This is not easy, Emma, so if you wouldn’t mind…”

“Oh, be quiet. I’m levitating half of it.”

He frowned. “I had to make the forest look like it was dancing earlier!”

“I sent out all the warning messages to the students!”

Tom glanced backwards, scanning for any signs of the rascals who had tried to chase them. For some reason, they seemed familiar. It tickled the back of his mind, but he ignored it. Daniel was more important.

Trays and trays of steaming hot food floated high in the air. Steak and kidney pie lay sliced, wafting the tantalizing smell of dinner into his nostrils. Treacle tarts stacked next to a big turkey whose drumsticks stuck out like clubs.

“It’s time,” Emma said. “I’ve recast the homonculus charm locally, so there should be no more students in the danger zone. The positions of the professors are here. Professor McGonagall is in the bathroom, and Dumbledore must be guarding Harry. Exactly as I predicted. Go!”

Extending all ten fingers, they reached out with their magic. Tom could feel their split power shooting down the hall and around the corner, honing in on the professors’ position like heat seeking missiles.

“*Lumos Maxima!*”

“*Muffliato!”*

Emma’s plan had been simple. Take out their vision. Take out their hearing. And then, before they could recover, cause as much havoc as possible. Tom readied most of a pre-Halloween feast. It had almost broken Emma’s heart when the little elves had given it to them happily, asking if they needed more. She cringed as he sent it flying down the hall.

“*Geminio.*”“This can’t be,” Emma stammered. The dark alleyway wrapped around them as snugly as an invisibility cloak, hiding them away from the sirens blaring in the distance. Vienna’s streetlights cast an ominous, otherworldly glow on the *Book of the Dead*.

“Since when can you read ancient Egyptian?” Tom asked, glancing furtively around the corner. 

“I can’t. I’m using Google Translate. The scroll seems innocent enough at first…to Muggles, that is.” 

Emma felt Tom peering over her shoulder. Her feelings waged war against her rationality, each despising the other, and stalemated. On one hand, Tom Felton was her dear friend. He was someone she would risk her life for. On the other…

“I don’t get it,” Tom admitted. 

*Not Draco,* she amended. *Just Tom.* “Look at these runes here. If you read them one way, you get a bunch of poems for shepherding the dead in the underworld. ‘For Not Being Eaten By A Snake In The Realm Of The Dead.’ ‘For Not Dying Again In The Realm Of The Dead.’” 

The blonde snorted. “Seems like that wouldn’t be so difficult. What’s the other way?” 

“Read them in reverse, remove the fluff words, and you get an actual incantation. ‘The Tears of Osiris’. It’s an enchantment that looks like…it looks like it’s meant to rip souls.” 

Tom took a step back. “As in, a forced horcrux?” 

She shrugged. Something foul was afoot. “Why would Daniel need a spell that tears souls? It’s everything we fought against.”

“There must be some mistake,” Tom said. He traced intricate hieroglyphics that clung to the floating papyrus. The fading ink told a tale of memories long lost. “Unless…”

“Do you think he became like Voldemort? Or *was* Voldemort?” She saw him stiffen at her words. “It’s not impossible. We have no idea what happened, or why our memories were wiped. What if…”

Rupert dashed in, breath coming out in short gasps as he made shooing motions with his hands. “Need…leave…now!” 

“What’s going on?” Tom asked.

“Aurors…coming!” 

“Where do we go?” He looked to her. They both did. 

This time, she had an answer. She knew where they were holding Daniel, and where they had to go to find answers. 

“Boys, let’s go home. *Portus.*”

---

“How is he?” 

“Stable. For now.” Albus tried to smooth out the haggard lines drawn on the canvas of his face, his cheekbones taut and prominent. Their positions were reversed. How often had he spoken with her from the Headmaster’s chair on the other side of this very desk? 

Minerva McGonagall slumped, propping up her head with one hand. “He has grown too powerful. How can his magic still bloom under your suppressors?” 

“He is beyond me now,” the old wizard said wearily. “If we don’t maintain the restraints, his Occlumency instincts will reform barriers and rip the seal to shreds. A different solution is needed. Time is fleeing the hourglass faster than your Gryffindor cubs lose house points.” 

She shuddered. The paintings around the room laughed politely. “At least Fred and George aren’t teaching here anymore. That was…a poor hiring decision on my part.” 

“Gred and Forge were the highlight of your teaching staff, in my professional opinion,” Albus said with a twinkle in his eye. He raised his hand to block out the dawn light stretching over the Forbidden Forest. 

“What of the others?” 

“Merlin, I’ve never felt so old,” he lamented. “I predicted they would be a thorn in our side. I didn’t think they would steal *the Book of the Dead* and unleash *Fiendfyre* of all things in the Austrian National Library. It’s an international incident!” 

“Albus, we *must* stop them. They threaten to undo decades of effort.” 

“It will take time, time that we don’t have. I have some ideas on h-” 

The words stuck in his throat as he noticed the trees of the forbidden forest rustling and moving in the corner of his eyes. So much magic! It warred against his own massive reserves. 

“We’re under attack?” Minerva asked in disbelief. “Who would…?” Thick roots ripped out of the ground. Animated treants and massive rock golems rolled forward like an avenging army. 

“No,” Albus said, scrutinizing the magical constructs. “That would require far too much energy to maintain, and while I sense great power, there’s still not enough to perform such a titanic feat. It’s an illusion.” A moment later, he lurched out of his seat. “It’s a distraction!” 

Wizard slippers flapped underneath his feet as Minerva gave chase. A few students called out their greetings, shooting them odd looks as they passed. This was the last straw. He was petitioning to remove the anti-apparition wards around Hogwarts as soon as possible. 

Two second year Hufflepuffs shrieked as he burst into the second-floor girls’ lavatory. He ignored them, fumbling with his phone.

“Girls, excuse us!” Minerva commanded. “Go back to your dorms!” 

“Stupid facial recognition software…there!” Harry had recorded him the password…where was it? Ah-ha! He turned up the volume and jammed a wrinkled finger on play. 

“*Open.*” Harry’s voice hissed ominously and the sink retreated, revealing the mouth of the chamber gaped open in subservience. Albus dove down into the pipe, ignoring the mold and grime. *Please, let me be in time!* He urged his magic forward like a great steed, flying through the air before abruptly coming to a halt. 

“What’s wrong?” Minerva asked, gliding forward alongside him. 

“There’s no one here. Daniel’s fine,” he said, waving the Elder Wand. Horror gripped chilly fingers around the nape of his neck. “And we just gave away his location.” 

---

“You okay, Tommy boy?” Rupert called out. They had a good view of the castle and the surrounding grounds from here. 

“It’s tough,” Tom grunted. Sweat dripped down his face. “Just hurry up!” 

Rupert liked to think that if Sirius was still alive, the man would be proud. The back of *the Book of the Dead* now displayed the vast corridors of Hogwarts, their best guess from scattered memories. “Dumbledore’s still not moving. You might need to go with something bigger. Make them dance, or something.” 

“I hate you.” 

“Maybe he’s not here?” 

“No,” Emma said. “He’s got to be. If Dumbledore’s here, they’re keeping him somewhere.” 

Rupert scrutinized the map. If their hasty work could capture everyone at Hogwarts, they’d already know where Daniel was. Unfortunately, the multilayered enchantments on the original Marauder’s map weren’t so easily duplicated. They didn’t even know where half the students were. 

“Do you really think that Harry was…dark? And that we might’ve been helping him?” 

“Just one theory among many,” she replied. “I have ten others that are equally as likely.” 

Movement. “They’ve noticed. They’re fast…Merlin, they’re going to the second-floor loo. The Chamber.” 

Tom ceased the spell, doubling over. “Great. Now what?” The former Slytherin looked pale, and Emma looked conflicted.  

“Look,” Rupert said at last, “We don’t know if Harry was an evil bugger or not. But Daniel isn’t, and he’s trapped in there right now. I say we go in there and bust him out.” 

It took time, but he saw his words wipe the indecision from Emma’s expression and the exhaustion from Tom’s posture. 

“For Daniel,” Emma said. She raised a fist towards the sky in the direction of the great castle. “As planned, then.” 

“For Daniel,” Tom echoed with a smirk. He raised his arm high. 

“For our best mate,” Rupert finished, closing out their formation. 

**“*****Ascendio!*****”**"That's one small step for mankind," Marvin said, "One giant step into the galaxy."

He regulated his breathing carefully, admiring Mars' rusty red landscape. Applause sounded in his earpiece, but he didn't hear it over the rush of giddiness at seeing the rover pictures come to life in front of him.

Marvin planted the UN flag and allowed the Rover Ambition to snap a few more photos before he turned off the livestream and sighed. Now that the theatrics were over, there was honest work to be done here. It would be tedious. It would be hard and backbreaking, doing fieldwork in an unforgiving climate and laying the groundwork for others to follow. But it was his calling.

"Congratulations, Marvin."

He jumped four feet in the air, literally, because Mars had less gravity than earth. To his amazement, he saw a shirtless old man in a toga looking at him with hungry eyes.

"Holy crap," he blurted out. "How are you standing there without a space suit? Where did you come from? And why do your even your abs have abs?"

The ripped old geezer laughed, stroking a magnificent grey beard and spread his arms out. Before Marvin's very eyes, a green bubble of life expanded from nothing, sending rippling green grass and trees shooting up from Mars' unforgiving red soil. His spacesuit detected oxygen flow.

"I am Meus, brother of Zeus, and I'm the God of Life here on Mars. Pledge your allegiance to me and I'll transform this place into a glorious paradise. You'll be a hero on earth - that's what you wanted, right?"

"Don't listen to that old codger," scowled a feminine voice behind him. Marvin turned to see a tall redhead clad in the same garb, equally unperturbed by the lack of protection. "You actually want eternal life, do you not? I'm Sades, sister of Hades. I can give you what you *really* want."

All he could do was stare dumbly and blink. "What?"

Over the course of the next few weeks, he learned the names of all of the Martian Gods. There was Earth, the Martian war deity and cousin of Mars, the Roman war deity. There was Venus, also the goddess of love here on the red planet.

"Are you the same Venus as back on earth?" he asked.

"Not quite," she replied. "I'm smaller because the planet is closer to Earth than Mars."

"Seriously?"

"No, I'm just messing with you," she laughed. Then her expression turned deadly serious. "It's to build camaraderie so you'll be more likely to pick me to swear allegiance to. Is it working? Marvin! Come back!"

He just couldn't choose! None of them really captured the essence of what he wanted, which was to send humanity *beyond* the current solar system. If they wanted to ensure a random gamma ray burst wouldn't wipe them all out, that's what they had to do.

Still, it was nice having a palace to himself. He didn't even need to ask for it, it just appeared as the Martian gods got into a ridiculous bidding war for his affections.

It really made him wonder - if Gods could do all this, what did they need humans for? It was almost like some cosmic author was bored and couldn't come up with anything, said 'fuck it', and allowed for a crazy illogical group of beings to defy the basis of reality.

But all things had to come to an end. The moment the next group of human astronauts came down from the skies, Marvin found his palace and free gift-bags vanish in puffs of smoke as the Martian gods rushed to appease the higher population of people.

"Good riddance," he muttered, putting his space suit back on before the air bubble collapsed. For the first time in months, there was peace and quiet and an opportunity to explore some interesting caves. Finally, he could get back to work.

He entered a large, *dripping* cavern. *What's going on?* This place was almost illogical as the entities swarming his new crew-mates. That's when he pointed his cave-light at the middle of the cavern and gasped at the titanic being chained there.

Dust covered those strong arms. A small puff of air exited large nostrils, neck muscles perpetually stretched taut from pulling against the ethereal bindings stretching his limbs out as if paying penance.

"Are you okay?" he shouted through his helmet.

A single eye cracked open and the large statue snorted. "A human. I've had enough of your hallucinations, Sades."

"Sades is busy courting my crew," Marvin said. "Why are you chained here? What's your name?"

"I'm known as Typhon. It's a long tale," he said. Both eyes opened, regarding the astronaut with more interest. "I can sense what you really want. Your ambition lies beyond just this simple planet, does it not?"

"That's a nice thought," Marvin admitted. "I never was good at dreaming small."

Typhon laughed. "You and I have the same problem. Hence the chains. Free me Marvin - I'll guarantee that humanity doesn't get stuck on this planet for a thousand years like they were on Earth. We have some gods to overthrow."

A smile stretched across his face. "Deal."“Severus, respond!” Minerva barked into her sleeve. “What is happening out there?” 

Yells of surprise and confusion greeted her before the sound of wet splats and sizzles drowned them out. She clutched her fir and dragon heartstring wand firmly. Although she couldn’t match Albus, she was still Order of Merlin, First Class. *I’m getting too old for this nonsense.*

“Drop it!” Tom yelled, bursting through the loo door with a wand jammed to Rose’s neck. A few drumsticks and bowls of pudding slid in with them, squelching as they doubled. Minerva’s stomach dropped out from under her. *No! How?* The girl’s eyes were wide with fright, mouth moving soundlessly. “Make any move, say any word, and she dies.” 

Her wand clattered to the tiled floor. “Tom, don’t-”

“Quiet! Not a word! I won’t risk you wandless casting. Turn around and face the wall. Now!” 

She complied. *I can’t risk it. Forgive me, Albus.*

“*Petrificus Totalus,*” said a crisp female voice. *What!?* Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Rose approach and snap her fingers. The youthful features morphed back into Emma’s stern beauty. *Human transfiguration. Of all the things to trick me with!* 

“Sorry, Professor McGonagall,” she said. “We won’t let anything stop us from saving Daniel.” 

*You blithering idiots! That’s not…*

With another snap of her fingers, Emma transfigured herself back into Rose and walked towards the Chamber entrance.

“*Bombarda Maxima.*” 

After the sound of shattering ceramic and glass settled, Minerva noticed the doubling food oozing its way towards her. *Not like this,* she groaned. *What a pathetic way to die. Suffocation by pudding.* 

She was close to breaking the petrification charm when she heard shouts and the swish of wandwork outside. The door burst open once more. 

“*Finite Incantatem!*” 

A bedraggled group of children chased down the last wriggling mounds of food, repeatedly lashing out with the counter-spell. Jam clung to their hair, grease covered their robes, and random scraps of meat and vegetables dripped off their limbs. 

James, Al, Rose, Scorpius, and Hugo rushed to her side. Her magic finally shattered the restraints that bound her. 

“Leave,” she shouted, whirling about and snatching up her wand. “This is no place for children!” 

“Our parents are down there,” Rose said. “Please, Headmistress!” 

“They’re in trouble, aren’t they?” Hugo asked. 

Minerva scanned their faces. “How did you even know? It’s a closely guarded secret. James! Go get your mothers, now!”  

“It’s not their fault,” Scorpius objected. “We figured it out on our own. It wasn’t that hard.”

A horrible worry crossed her mind. “Wait, where’s Lily?” 

---

*So strong.* 

That was the only thought Emma could manage as the cold stone floor of the chamber pressed hard against her cheek. She tasted metal. Her limbs felt heavy, like when she’d been petrified by the basilisk. 

Dumbledore hadn’t been fooled for a second. The wizard immediately triggered several runes clusters that disabled Tom’s shield charms the moment they arrived, launching straight into a transfiguration spell chain that sent stone lions pouncing from above. When they moved to counter, the constructs immediately blurred into a razor-sharp featherstorm.

No time to think! Light beams shot at them from multiple angles. Water particles formed mist under their feet, obscuring their vision. The white-bearded old man moved faster than it seemed possible for his age, countering every spell almost before their incantations finished. 

*Come on, come on…move!* Tom was barely on his feet, and wouldn’t last much longer. She could see Daniel lying flat on his back in the middle of the chamber. Long clear tubes snaked past the steel restraints that bound him to the center of a ritualistic pentagram, fastened securely to a helmet blinking with various colors. *They’re draining him dry of magic!*

Tom collapsed on his hands and knees next to her, his arm bent at a strange angle. He coughed wetly. 

“You are both meddling with something you don’t fully understand.” There wasn’t a trace of grandfatherly kindness in that harsh voice. “Reckless, naïve, and above all…foolhardy. There is no cure for his condition.” 

“Let him go,” Tom spat. “Whatever you’re using his magic for, we’ll stop you.” 

*That’s good, Tom. Just stall him a bit more.*

“You don’t know?” Dumbledore’s disbelief-saturated voice was almost indignant. “You came in here not knowing…you thought that I…”

A small voice spoke up in the back of her mind. It didn’t seem like he was bluffing; there was no reason for him to. *Cure for his condition?* 

“Where’s Rupert?” 

The ginger appeared in a timely burst of phoenix fire over the chamber. Fawkes let out a great screech, carrying Rupert downwards as they dove towards their comatose friend. “Daniel!” 

“No!” Dumbledore’s desperation rent the air with power. Even as the Elder Wand summoned massive chains from the ground, Emma knew he wouldn’t be fast enough. 

A second burst of phoenix fire exploded into existence. A girl with hair to match pointed her wand upwards at the first phoenix-wizard duo. 

“*Impedimenta!*” 

Emma’s instincts prevailed. “Stop!”  

Fawkes jerked to the side as the curse clipped his wings, losing hold of Rupert’s shirt and careening away. The impact of a hundred and sixty-five pounds of human burst a collection of clear tubes that let out a menacing hiss.  

The world exploded. Rupert and the girl blew backwards like leaves before a typhoon as a pulse of pure magic ballooned underneath them. Dumbledore swung the Elder wand like a great blade, raising cocoons of silk to cushion their flight and reel them in. 

Daniel sat upright. His green eyes gleamed like lighthouses in the night. 

He *screamed*. 

Emma felt it coming. Another pulse. She lurched to her feet, but Dumbledore was already in front of her. His arms stretched upwards like he was Atlas holding up the sky, guarding them with both body and magic. 

“*Protego Maxima!*”*He doesn't look like much.* That was the first thought in Volair's mind as the human representative, Adam, entered the council room. Most sentient life-forms were bipedal and vaguely humanoid, but the man stood a full three feet shorter than him, boasting none of the survival tools that evolution had bestowed upon the Avelium.

"You're early," Adam observed, bowing in the customary greeting of inter-species diplomats. The brief smile revealed no fangs, no poison...if they were to get into a dispute, nothing would save the small earthling from Volair's wicked claws. And that was empowering.

"I believe you have a saying on your planet," the Avel-born said as they both took seats on opposite sides of the long obsidian table. "Something about the early bird getting the worm?"

Volair watched the translators fastened to the human's visor churn its way through his gruff speech. Earthlings possessed no telepathic abilities either, not like the tentacled Kinu who could grasp the essence of thoughts directly. *This* was the dominant species of their planet?

"I appreciate that," Adam said. "Let's get down to business, shall we? Our United Nations council has discovered that your civilization has been encroaching on intergalactic law in several colonies."

"Lies and slander," Volair sneered. "Every bit of business that we do is sanctioned and legal." Besides, these humans would never retaliate even if that wasn't true, so what was he afraid of?

Adam's posture didn't waver in the slightest. "Treaties exist for a reason. I'm here on behalf of humanity to request that you order a full evacuation of any Avelium government superstructures in the Sigma-Nine sector. Otherwise, we'll do it for you."

Volair was surprised. Although Earth was a relatively new addition to the Galactic Conglomerate, no human diplomat had ever declared war, nor had they ever engaged in any sort of combat. Where was the leverage behind this stark declaration? "Is that a threat?"

The diplomat blinked. "Of course it's a threat. It's not simply a warning. Not all human representatives are the same, General Volair, and while some of my colleagues are soft-spoken, I assure you that it would be wise not to mistake *kindness* for *weakness.*"

It was a bluff. It had to be. Volair simply yawned, flexing his claws in a casual display of strength - the alloy generated by his body was stronger than steel and he knew it could even cleave through human space ships. "You know, I've never seen any humans fight. It would be quite interesting, especially as we are in the advantageous position with troops seeded throughout your colonies."

"I suppose we'll just go our separate ways, then," Adam said. "And allow history to be the judge, jury, and executioner."

Months later, Volair had all but forgotten about the small human. The Avelium diplomat joked about it a few times with his colleagues over lunch and brought it up with his bonded mate while the kids were getting ready for school.

Then it happened. An Avelium native took the life of a human in a zone where Volair's people had no right to be. An ultimatum was given, and ignored. And then he witnessed nightmares come to life.

Technology and weapons whose sole purpose was to lay waste at the planetary level bombarded Avelium positions without remorse. Allies took sides, bisecting and trisecting the Galactic Conglomerate, and the stars weeped for the lost lives.

It wasn't just Volair's species. It was all sympathetic allies as well. The darkness of space lit up with not only explosions, but far more horrific tragedies over the course of mere weeks. Somehow humanity managed to smuggle nanoviruses onto supply ships that caused global pandemics targeting Avelium colonies. They avoided any sort of hand-to-hand or space-based combat, simply destroying anything that came too close with enough firepower to make a neutron star jealous.

And then Volair jerked back into reality. He was back in the negotiation room.

"You've seen the future," Adam said, reclining in the council room chair. "What do you think?"

The Avelium native realized that he was sweating. "What did you do to me?"

The human smiled. "Airborne nanovirus. Think of it as a holographic rendition, a promise for the future if you fight us. You may doubt our physical prowess and our propensity for peace, but there's a reason we survived on Earth and there's a reason we don't want to fight. If you doubt our resolve, just know this."

The human leaned forward across the table, and Volair subconsciously leaned away.

"Those things I showed you? Those were just examples of things we've done to *ourselves*. What do you think we'd be willing to do to another species?"

Volair sat there, long after Adam left, trying to shake the memories of his civilization crumbling under disease and ash. *So that's why they want to avoid war. To avoid becoming the demons they themselves despise*.

Now he knew how Mother Nature had allowed such puny beings to reach beyond the skies.Emma carefully poured an extract into the glowing cauldron in front of her. The shattered essence of a philosopher’s stone mingled with the bubbling molten mass of quicksilver superheated with dragon fire. 

“Do you really think this will work? Better question. Do you really want this to work?” 

She looked up at her fellow teaching assistant. It’d been backbreaking work, but she’d graduated Hogwarts with Tom and Daniel a mere three years after they regained their memories. 

Who could have known that she would enjoy teaching under Snape, of all people? 

“Alchemy is not the same as Potions,” she said wryly. “Potions is all about combination. Alchemy is separation. We’re going all the way back to the basics, and those have never led me astray. Yes, I want this to work.” 

Tom flicked his wand. Emma saw the nervous trail of sparks cascade to the dungeon floor. Their magic had gradually gotten weaker over time as the excess power faded. They’d decided that this was simply unacceptable, and worked their way back up. 

“Emma, I mean…he’s happy. Have you seen him lately? He zooms about the Great Hall, delivering ice cream to children. He talks to people about their problems. He’s a darned great influence on the houses, if you ask me, and surprisingly unbiased.” 

“It *is* what he always wanted,” she replied, scattering pixie tears into the pot. “Bringing joy wherever he could. We should go watch Daniel’s speech.”

“Yeah, it’s almost time. But back up for a second, why disturb him?” 

Emma looked up from the ancient tome she’d chased down over summer break with Tom and Daniel. They’d barely made it out of a collapsing Chinese tomb by the skin of their teeth. 

“If he chooses to, Rupert can sit in the Great Hall and become our resident ice-cream man…once I bring him back to life.” 

She focused her magic on the sizzling pot. She hadn’t needed a wand, or even a gesture, for over a year now. The ground trembled.

“*Impervius.*”  

---

The Room of Requirement was exploding with sound and fury, signifying that a seventh-year Gryffindor student was making sure her efforts wouldn’t amount to nothing. 

Lily somersaulted through the air. Her sweat lashed out in a glittering arc as she landed on all fours, narrowly dodging the burst of spellfire from the Room’s foes. 

*Alarte Ascendare*. 

She caught a glimpse of her phoenix, Luke, as she flew up to meet the target dummy she’d launched into the air. It was disappointing, in a way – this was not how much power a normal rising charm ought to have. Mastering wandless magic had been tough. Wordless and wandless spells had almost broken her. 

Yet here she was, alive and well, and she intended to make sure that the tragedy of her father and his best friend would never, ever happen again. Not while she could still breathe and do something about it. 

The dummy slowed, reaching the zenith of its laborious arc almost twenty feet above the Room’s foam-mat floors. She could feel energy jumping at her fingertips, buzzing underneath her skin. 

It wasn’t enough. Not yet. 

*Reducto.*

---

Daniel made his way to the podium. Normally he’d be nervous speaking in front of so many people, but there were too many other things roving his mind. 

Generic Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor #26 was retiring due to a narrow mishap with the Giant Squid in the lake, and he’d be teaching jointly with Professor Snape next year. There were lessons to plan, routines to discuss, and students to terrorize. 

He knew that Emma’s plan was coming to fruition too. For a while he’d tried to help, but every word she said went far about his head until he felt like he was drowning in parchment. 

Daniel cleared his throat as the audience settled down. Filling Harry’s shoes had been monumentally difficult, but he finally felt like he had surpassed his former self. He was ready. 

“Ladies and gentlemen of the UN council, thank you for listening to me today. You might be wondering why you’re being addressed by an actor who knows next to nothing about politics. Perhaps you’re thinking, ‘he doesn’t belong up there’. Well…you’d be absolutely right.” 

He saw a few smiles, a soft scattering of amused laughter, and grinned in return. 

“The truth is, what I’m about to say and do will change the way this world works forever. We’ve worked hard these past three years to do everything we can to prepare for this exact moment. On behalf of a community of hidden people, I am honored to be the first to approach the UN with a proposition to recognize a new nation. It’s a nation of problems, but also one with solutions.” 

Now there was confusion, and requests for translators to do their jobs better. 

“By the powers vested in me by the International Confederation of Wizards and Witches, I, Daniel Radcliffe, born Harry James Potter, hereby declare that momentarily, the International Statute of Secrecy will be no more.” 

Confusion and laughter mixed. A lot of them thought he was joking. No matter. 

“Let it be known for all of history to come that the first spell cast was not one of war, but of peace. Not of division, but of unity. Not of despair, but of hope. Hope that in the face of our worst impulses, we can join hands together to face the trials ahead.” 

A few of them were frowning, a few gaping in disbelief as they began to wonder. Daniel waited for the translators to finish translating, for the clamoring voices to fall silent. 

*This is for you, Rupert*.  

He raised an open hand up to the ceiling of the great marble room. He thought of all his friends and precious people, but a redheaded idiot most of all. 

“*Expecto Patronum!*” 

---

**Hello there! Thank you all for coming on this short but wonderful journey. With this, Rupert Grint and the Tears of the Osiris comes to a close. The amount of support that I’ve received here and around the world (thank you translators!) has been staggering. I thank you for reading, from the bottom of my heart.** 

**Many of you are here on this sub solely for this series, and I will be sad to see you go! However, for those who stay, I promise you that I will publish a book someday that far surpasses this work. And it all starts with NaNoWriMo next week. Here is the synopsis of my novel I’ll write in the following month:** 

**The Threads that Chain Us** 

When the clock strikes midnight on birthday twelve, twelve lines appear linking you with other people. The color has been long thought to signify connection: gold represents the best of friends, or perhaps lifelong partners; black could mean the worst of enemies.

Links can widen or shrink; colors may wax and wane. By the time you’re twenty-four, your strongest connection becomes the one you keep for life. No connections? Dead by thirty-six. 

Roman is the eldest son to a pair of helicopter parents, wishing nothing more than to explore life without their influence, always wary of their disapproval. When he turns twelve, he sees his worst nightmare come true – a single black thread. 

Mio is the only daughter to a pair of distant parents, wishing nothing more than for her mother and father to stop parading her around like a showpiece and get more involved in her personal life. When she turns twelve, she sees her worst nightmare come true – amongst others, the coveted golden link, in the form of a glowing chain.Osiris awoke. A human child stood in front of him, scratching orange hair in bewilderment. Was this a natural ginger, or was one of those crazy millenial fads he didn’t bother keeping up with? First it was some weird ice bucket thing, then it was fidget spinners…

“Blimey, I really didn’t think the spell would do this. Who’re you?” 

To respond, or not to respond? Stretching his arms upwards, Osiris yawned into the black void  he passively maintained. Emptiness was good. It numbed his past sorrows, curbed his regrets, and dulled his mortal memories. 

“Bit of a nutter, aren’t you?” 

So. Annoying. “Mortal, you would do well to mind your tongue.” 

That clamped the human right up. Unfortunately, when he opened his eyes again, the ginger remained. 

“Well, don’t just stand there! What do you want? Why have you summoned me?” 

The child paled. “Summoned? I just wanted to lift the curse on Daniel. Wingardium Leviosa is a lifting charm, so I thought if I just gave it the right intent…” 

He rolled his eyes. “Mortals, always meddling with things they don’t fully understand. I programmed a failsafe if someone ever tried to remove my spell; great work, me. I’m Osiris. Lord of Souls.” 

The human sucked in his breath. “I’m Rupert. I’m here to save my friend.” 

“I know who you are. What a dumb name.” 

“Hey!” Rupert turned a shade of red that matched his hair. “At least my name can be pronounced, *Oh Sir Is*.” 

Osiris yawned again. A lie here would suffice. “Sorry, but you can’t bargain for dead souls. Something about upsetting the natural laws of the universe.” 

“He’s not dead.”

“You’re referring to Daniel Radcliffe, born Harry James Potter. He may as well be.” 

“But he’s not. And we need him back.” 

The ancient entity stretched again, slowly turning in circles amidst the black nothingness. “Why should I help you?” 

“It would cost you nothing,” Rupert said. “You’re a god, right? Why’d you curse him anyways?” 

Explaining things to mortals was such a bore. “Do you think I have infinite energy at my disposal? Let’s go back to the beginning.” 

The ginger yelped as space collapsed around them, inky blackness melting into color and sound. It was chaos. Bullets and spells blasted past one another. All around them, wizards and muggles alike tore at each other’s throats. Rupert flinched as a massive column of fire billowed right through them. 

“The war was a tragedy. My followers perished during the fighting on your earth. It wasn’t even close.” 

“I don’t get it. We have anti-Muggle charms, right?” Rupert said. “And we have Harry. And Dumbledore!” 

“All it takes is a single captured and tortured wizard, a single disloyal squib, and all your precious little secrets come crashing down. It happened all over the world. Your biggest weakness was their greatest strength; numbers. Sheer numbers of possible ideas and tactics to defeat your people ultimately proved to be too much.” 

“There aren’t that many of us,” he admitted.

“No. And unlike your spells, bullets fire faster than thoughts. Once you erected constant wards, they just upped the firepower.” 

“Why are you showing me this?” Rupert asked, watching the carnage. 

“So you can understand just how many souls Harry James Potter asked me to retrieve. This is a single battle in a war spanning decades. Look closely!”

Osiris collapsed the fabric of his dimension back into black nothingness before creating the image of a Mobius strip in the shape of an infinity sign. Water rippled over its surface. 

“What is that?” 

Humans. Always needing to be coddled. That Granger chick had understood immediately.  

“It’s the timeline of a universe. Water represents the many souls living out their lives. Humans have invented many ways of thinking about time, but they overlooked the simplest.” 

Walking up to the strip, Rupert watched as the water jumped and frothed about. “So…a horizontal line on this represents a moment in time? And all the souls of that moment.” 

That surprised him. It appeared that this Rupert fellow wasn’t as dim as he appeared. “Precisely. All moments exist at once. The way those moments happen depends on the stream of souls traveling over it. Think of each horizontal line of water as a different lifetime of yours. In one, you were in Gryffindor. In another, you ended up in Hufflepuff. Each one moves across these moments, experiencing them differently.” 

Rupert opened his mouth, and then closed it. “I don’t get it.” 

Ugh. “Of course you don’t. No matter. Here, surely you’ll understand this.” The mobius infinity strips multiplied, expanding endlessly. “The multiverse. You get that, right?” 

“Yeah, it’s like in Avengers.” 

“Sure. Whatever.” Osiris traced a line across the original Mobius strip, levitating the water away and inserting it into another. “Harry wanted me to permanently change the timeline, not just his own line of water, but make a permanent ramp so that all lines of water behind him would encounter the same phenomenon of being saved and transported to another universe. Do you understand how monumentally hard that is?”

“Um, no.” 

“I had to expand the new Mobius strip by almost double, discard this one, all so that Harry James Potter could save his precious people. There’s a cost associated with that, Rupert. It doesn’t come cheap. I had to give new bodies to the already deceased. I had to merge the memories of the living with the the minds of those in the second universe, and *then-*”

“Look, Mister Death God, I…I really don’t get a lot of what you’re saying. Harry paid the cost already, so why the curse?” 

“Don’t be ridiculous,” Osiris scoffed. “Harry didn’t even come close to paying the cost. His puny magic might be large for your people, but on the cosmic scale? The kinds of tasks he was asking me to do? A drop in an infinitely large bucket. And he got off cheap.” 

“The curse,” Rupert said. “It multiplies his magic and siphons it off to you!” 

How could this child be so dumb yet so insightful when it mattered? “Yes, something like that. Harry paid not just with his magic, but with the magic of every Harry-moment that would come after him. That was the only method that could come close.”  

“He doesn’t deserve that,” Rupert said. “He saved the entire wizarding world. Can’t you draw energy from somewhere else? Let him go!” 

“Energy from where?” Osiris laughed. “It’s not free! There’s always a cost, Rupert.” 

“Then take my magic instead. All of it.” 

Osiris stopped laughing. “You’re not serious.” 

“No, Sirius has black hair. Do you have trouble seeing?” 

“I swear, the impudence,” he muttered. “You’re aware you would die, right? And it would cost me greatly to transfer the energy inputs?”

The determination in the redhead’s eyes was admirable. “I promised I would bring him back.” 

“Your magic isn’t even enough. It’s not as strong as Harry’s. I’d have to take your very essence and convert it into power. All Ruperts in the Mobius Strip wouldn’t exist, would never have existed. Your friends and family wouldn’t ever know who you were.” 

Rupert was quiet. Hah! He knew it. That one always made them turn away. Finally, he could go back to slee-

“Yeah, fine, whatever! Harry will be better after this, right? He’ll be back to normal?” 

This human. “Are you insane? Did the concept completely escape your brain? You, Ron, will have never met Harry on the train, will have never made friends with Hermione. The timeline is self-repairing, so their lives will be more or less unchanged, but…this is truly permanent non-existence!” 

“I don’t care,” Rupert said stubbornly. “Harry can’t…he can’t stay like he is now. So many people are hurting because of it. I can’t go back without him!” 

Osiris was silent. “Fine. It’s still going to cost me greatly. Prove to me that you’re worthy…with the trials of Osiris.” 

With a snap of his fingers, they were suddenly standing on a grassy field in the middle of the pitch-black void.

“There are ten steps between me and you,” he said. “All you have to do is cross these ten steps and hit me once. If you can do that, I’ll grudgingly lift the curse on Harry and reroute the energy streams to you instead.” 

“What’s the catch?” Rupert asked warily. 

“Each step you take eliminates one of your senses. Don’t worry, you’ll still know which direction is forward. After five, the pain begins. If you can maintain your sanity, then-”

“Has anyone ever told you that you talk to much? I’m starting.” 

Rupert took one step forward and flinched. Osiris knew what was happening – step one was lost vision. After another, Rupert lost his sense of hearing, drowning him in the empty black void. 

Smell, taste, and touch went next. He pitied the fool. The first five were easy. Harry had all but sprinted through them. 

On his sixth step, Rupert had to endure the pain of being burned alive. On seven, he kept burning, but felt like he was drowning. The death god saw the panic set in as the mortal flailed around. 

Eight was the worst nausea imaginable, and still he came slowly at Osiris, spittle flying from his mouth. He gasped for breath and scratched at his skin. 

Nine brought about the sensation of constantly being crushed to death. Rupert swayed in place, mouth opening and closing like a goldfish for what must have been minutes. He drew in a single, shuddering breath, and laboriously took the tenth step. 

Ten was the most horrible of them all. It exposed the human mind to the emptiness of non-existence. Those brains weren’t meant to handle input like that. 

Rupert took another step after the trials, moaning as he swung a fist at Osiris. The god stepped aside as he swung another, and another, still coming. Catching his fist, the mournful deity steadied him. 

“You basically lost your mind after step eight, didn’t you?” 

The child didn’t reply. A trickle of drool dripped out of his mouth. 

“And yet, you kept going, somehow knowing that you had to keep fighting for your friend.”

Osiris closed his eyes. Only one other had passed the trials in all of eternity past. Grindelwald and Voldemort backed out after step seven. Hermione made it to eight. Harry reached step nine, second place, and barely grazed him.  

“No one will ever know of what you’ve done here.” 

He’d have to erase the mortal’s memory of this, else his soul would remain forever fractured in time. 

“But I will, and I will remember. Rupert Grint…you have my respect.” 

It would be annoying, but he could deal with taking just the mortal’s existing and future life force. It would cost Osiris dearly, but he was a being of honor. This child’s spirit was strong. He couldn’t just ignore that.  

With a sigh, Osiris warped space and time, wincing at the power drain. Yes, he’d have to sleep now. At least, until the next fool summoned him. 

Mortals. So needy. 

---

Daniel woke up on the floor of the Great Hall, looking up at the enchanted ceiling. He felt as if he’d woken up after a very long sleep. 

Wait. Great Hall? 

“No! Please, wake up. Please, please…” Emma’s wail brought him scrambling to his feet. What a strange sight! Tom and Emma were there, as was a motley group of people that looked like they were cosplaying the Harry Potter series. Was he dreaming? Did he forget that he had a film shoot? When did he sign the contract for a new HP book?

“Rupert?” He rushed over to his fallen friend. Wow, it must’ve been ages since they’d last seen each other. “What happened?” 

A bone crushing hug enveloped him as J.K. Rowling wept into his shoulders. 

“Um…what’s going on? What happened to Rupert? Why is J.K. here?” 

Emma didn’t look up at him. Tears drizzled down her cheeks as she stroked Rupert’s hair. 

“He somehow absorbed the brunt of the curse for you,” Dumbledore’s actor said. 

“Curse?” 

“Hey everyone! Huh. This isn’t so bad!” 

Daniel looked up to see the ghost of Rupert Grint hovering above them. “Blimey, that’s some good holographic tech, Rupert. It looks so real!” 

“You, shut up,” Astoria’s actor growled. “We’ll get you caught up later.” 

“Rupert!” J.K. Rowling looked up in disbelief. “You…”

“*Diffindo!*” Emma swung her arm up in an arc, and a wave of pressurized air blasted through Rupert’s ghostly body. Daniel’s mouth dropped open. 

“Hey! What gives, Emma?” 

“You absolute *twit*! Who gave you permission to sacrifice yourself for Daniel!? *Sectumsempra*!”

Daniel watched with growing amazement as Emma chased the apparently real ghost of Rupert Grint around the Great Hall. All around him, everyone was laughing and crying and cheering and weeping. The actor that played Dumbledore sat heavily next to him. 

“We have a lot to tell you, my dear boy.” 

Frowning, he watched a group of children giggle and chase after Emma as she cast spell after spell at the fleeing ghost. 

“Yeah, I get that feeling,” Daniel said. 

“Emma, stop! You can’t kill me, I’m *already dead*!” 

“Says you! I’ll chase you to hell and kill you again, you prat! *Avada Kedavra*!”"Why not gold, or silver?" My adviser asked me, not unkindly. Professor Canarus interwove long fingers in front of his pepper beard, regarding me with curiosity. "Both are higher-class metals, and have interesting magical properties."

I flipped the copper coin in the air, watching it glint off the early evening light. "Gold is the nobleman's ware. Silver is middle class fare. Sir...copper is the street urchin's domain. This is the only money that I've ever had."

"I see," he said. "Still, you needn't worry about material wealth. Given your performance during the entrance exams, the full scholarship ought to cover all expenses."

"It's a statement I'm determined to make." I gave the coin another flip. The weight landed in my palm just as firmly as the weight on my shoulders. It was the pressure, the heavy memories of Brent, Rose and all the others who chipped in pennies so that I could just barely afford the exam fee. "All that glistens is not gold. Sometimes silver is just a sliver of what it's worth. But copper...copper is hardy. Copper can be trusted."

"Wise beyond your years," Canarus said. "Very well. If you are determined, run along then. I look forward to hearing about your progress."

When I got back to my dorm room, it was in shambles. The door barely swung on its hinges as it bled a trail of splinters leading to the rest of my room's demolished furniture.

**Go home, urchin!**

Where had they gotten the blood to write on my wall? Faint laughter jeered from down the hall. When I went to look, they were gone.

I gripped the coin tight in one trembling hand, brushing back my messy brown hair with the other.

*Just you wait.*

---

The semifinals. I never thought I'd get so far.

"Go home, urchin!" A nameless voice bellowed from the stands. I grinned and waved. The small crowd of the academy amphitheater laughed at the phrase that had become a light joke following the events of my hazing. I made it clear with my class grades that I was here to stay.

Simon the cryomancer shrugged off his Dragonscale cloak, arms bared in preparation for magic. This was the first time I'd seen or fought against him in our interschool tournament. The Order of Wizards were formidable foes.

Not as formidable as me.

"Begin!"

He launched into a series of spell katas, firing large spikes of ice right at my head. Already I could see his setup work as he started gathering frost around the edges of the arena. Well, that wouldn't do.

My copper hummed next to me, a large box of it that Professor Canarus had bought me for Christmas. The wooden restraints shattered as pools of copper shifted like molten lava, propelling me up over the incoming icicles.

Wizardry draws energy from without. Sorcery draws energy from within.

*Remember, Toby. For a sorcerer, strength of will is everything.*

I thought about my friends, starving on the streets. I thought about the expressions on their faces when I snuck out the scraps of bread and hot soup leftover from the kitchens, the droppings that this nobleman wouldn't even feed to his *dog*.

Blue-green ice shimmered with deadly magic and clashed with warm orange metal. Spirals of material struggled for dominance as I hurled myself to the ground to avoid a second blizzard of ice picks. My senses tingled.

Below!

An icicle burst from the ground. I tilted my head, just barely dodging the jut of ice that almost grazed my eye. Copper pulled at my soul, tugged at my will.

*Brent. Rose.*

Twisting in the air, my copper separated into shining bronze rain. He glanced upwards and gaped at the trap I'd laid. A wordless yell erupted from my throat as I shot forward.

My name is Toby. Just Toby. And my journey is only beginning.Being a baby sucks.

No seriously, there's tons of sucking involved. Everything that goes near my mouth gets sucked apparently, from nipples to bottles to thumbs. Darn these instincts that even experience can't fight.

Luckily I sleep a lot, and so the molasses river of time flowing drearily past my eyes changes course fairly often. The hardest part is keeping alive the memories swimming through my head.

*My name is Raymond Kim, and I am one of the best engineers to ever walk on this earth.*

"Baby Tommy," my mother gushed. "You're just a cute helpless little thing, you!"

*...this is so humiliating.*

Have I mentioned how disgusting children are? Yeesh. They can't even clean themselves properly.

There's plenty of time to think and wonder, to toy with thoughts of whether this is how everyone ends up being born. Any day now my memories might get wiped, and my new life would start.

But it never does.

'Tommy Salinger' grows up. I pick up walking and talking fairly quickly, much to my parents' delight, stumbling stubbornly across grass as the smell of dandelion sap makes me sneeze.

"He's trying to talk," my father coos.

"Goo goo, gah gah." *I hate this.*

But endure it I must. If I'm the only one who this has happened to, then I'm the only one who can stop the future engraved in my mind's eye, the memories burned into my brain, the shattering of souls that no one could have predicted.

*Award-winning engineer? Hah. You couldn't save any of them.*

But I would this time, no matter what the cost.

Skinny arms and legs grew longer as I read every book in the house that I could get my hand on. There needed to be plausibility for the intelligence I would reveal soon.

*Fifty years. Fifty years to stop an extinction event.*

My name is Raymond Kim and Tommy Salinger. I'm an asian white adult baby with black brown hair and black blue eyes, a former world-renowned inventor and current idiot baby.

The future wouldn't be enough. I had to surpass every single engineer and architect that came before me and would come after me. The fate of the world depended on it.

"Tommy!" My mother said, her smile coming easily, and for good reason; I was probably the most mature baby ever to waddle the crib. *Have we really sunk so low that we're comparing ourselves to diaper-swaddled infants now?* "Are you excited for your first day of school?"

"Yeah!" *No, not really.*

A prodigy. That's what I would be, nothing less; I had to accelerate my education and get access to resources beyond my current reach as soon as possible.

My three-pronged plan went as follows:

Prong One; vastly accelerate the speed of humanity's engineering, pushing it forward by about two decades.

Prong Two; establish credentials with world leaders and coordinate research to defend against the incoming threat.

Prong Three; invent technologies that would guarantee that the tragedy seared into my memories would stay there, and there alone.

"Raymond Kim?" whispered a girl in my kindergarten class.

"Yeah?" I responded instinctively. *Hold up. What. What!?*

"We need to talk."

Well, so much for my three-pronged plan."What's the catch?" My first customer's haunted expression gazed out from hollow eye sockets. What scraggly hairs remained on his head looked singed by live embers.

I tossed the tantalizing pile of carne asada up high, watching his eyes follow the delicate, jiggling folds of fat before I caught them neatly in a warm flour tortilla. "There's no catch," I said. "Just delicious Chipotle."

"There's always a catch," he said suspiciously. "Get it over with and just tell me. What? Scorpion venom lacing the seasoning? Looks good but actually tastes bad?"

A dash of rice, chopped veggies and hot sauce; all of it wrapped up neatly into the succulent bundle of warm food that I handed to him. We were standing by the lava's edge. The dreary line of souls trudging by headed to the next stop of their eternal damnation. "What have you got to lose, my man?"

"Good point," he admitted reluctantly. The moment he bit into my carefully prepared burrito, I saw his eyes light up. "This...this is..."

"Yes?" I asked.

"It's incredible!" Tears seeped out and he brushed them away quickly. "The tenderness of the meat...the soft guac and tasty salsa...everything is perfect!"

With a sweep of my tall white chef's hat, I brushed brown curls aside and gave him a deep bow. "Don't forget the way the cilantro gives it a nice clean aftertaste."

"Yes! Yes!" He cried out. "Oh, thank you. You're the only good thing I've ever found in this God-forsaken place. I'll be sure to tell all my frenemies about it!"

After he dashed off, an inspector agent walked by and whispered in my ear. "Great work. Your proposal to keep their hope alive is more promising than we anticipated. We're expecting great things from you."

I handed her a burrito. "Try one yourself, while you're here."

Hell's agent snorted and adjusted her cap, but took a few bites anyways. Her heavily mascara'd eyes widened. In the next instant, the rest of the burrito was gone, aluminum wrapper and all. "The flavor of the beans! Incredible, incredible stuff. I'll be back, and don't you forget it."

As the line grew in front of my humble stall, I reflected on what she'd said. You might be wondering what the truth really is - am I really a sleeper agent of the Devil, inspiring a bit of false hope just so it can be crushed underneath Hell's burning heel? Or am I a sole spotlight of good in this dreary, miserable existence?

The truth is that it's never so black and white. Some might say that the truth exists somewhere in a fuzzy grey zone where I serve as agents to both sides. And some might say that none of that is true at all, and that I'm a simple burrito chef that just enjoys seeing people smile.

 "And you, my friend? What do you think? 

"One quesadilla, extra sour cream and guac, coming right up!""I don't get it," complained Mirror Man. "It's *so obvious* that Bruce Wayne is Batman. Why doesn't anyone...you know, go in and finish him off once and for all?"

The Joker cackled, bright red makeup cracking ever so slightly. "Yeah, it's like the solution is just *staring you in the face*...much like your reflection, one might say, eh?"

The grungy underworld bar smelled surprisingly clean. Dusty overhead lights illuminated Mirror Man's translucent skin as he flexed a shiny fist. "Anything he can throw at me, I can throw back. As long as there's any light at all, as soon as he appears on my surface I'll know his precise location."

"Hmm." The purple suit wrinkled as the Joker adopted a thinking position, sliding a tankard of rich beer in front of the latest up-and-coming villain in Gotham city. "Perhaps you'd be a good match-up for the ol' bat."

"I'll strike as the dawn rises," he said, taking a long swig. The musty, acrid liquid sloshed down his throat with a satisfying *ahhh.* "He'll be tired Saturday morning from a night of fighting crime. It'll be perfect. I don't know why no one's done it before. Say, Joker, why haven't you?"

The corner of the Joker's mouth stretched into malevolent points caked with powder, but as wide as it stretched it didn't extend to his eyes. "Perhaps I simply haven't found the right...moment. I haven't worked up the courage to psych myself up in the mirror."

"Ha, ha. Very original."

Mirror Man bided his time and waited for the weekend. Visions of glory swam through his head. He relished the idea of being known as the rookie who'd brought down the dreaded vigilante of the night. Approaching the front door, he warped from a handheld mirror through the mirror world and in through a shiny surface just inside.

"Why hello there, sir."

He whirled around to see a doddering old butler standing there calmly. Mirror Man was on guard instantly. *Why didn't I sense him approach?*

"Would you like some tea?" the butler asked. "My name is Alfred J. Pennyworth. Master Wayne isn't here right now, if you have some business with him."

Mirror Man lunged without warning. *I need to deal with him, quick. Otherwise he might warn Batman.* As he approached the old man, time seemed to slow and elongate as if the air had turned to thick tar, and he watched in horror as a small smile twitched on Alfred's lips.

He jumped back nearly twenty feet. Translucent skin shivered uncontrollably as adrenaline flooded Mirror Man's system.

For a moment, he'd been absolutely certain - one single step further, and his life would've been forfeit. That killing intent was unreal.

"Who are you?" he asked.

Alfred set the tea tray down. The friendly old man smile never left the wrinkled face as he regarded the new villain. "Oh my, you were able to sense that. The last person with that sort of danger recognition was someone I regretted letting go, so my apologies, young crook - I don't make the same mistake twice."

Mirror Man took a few steps backwards, unsure if he should run. It was just an old man. What could this butler possibly do? "Don't come any closer, 'Alfred', if that even is your real name. Anything you throw at me, I can reflect back. There's no way you'll get me before Batman gets here."

Dark energy flooded the room, streaked with crimson. The left half of the butler's body warped and writhed with shadow, a single eye becoming a dead monochrome that Mirror Man could've sworn reflected as hell itself on his skin. Jagged black lightning flickered out from the partial transformation.

"Bruce has a hard enough job as it is. The least I can do is pull out a few weeds before they have the opportunity to choke the flower I've long cultivated. He's growing, yes, but he'll grow faster without pests like you around."

Mirror Man looked for any source of escape, but somehow those exits seemed to stretch far into the distance. Alfred's shadow elongated, leaping up the wall in the form of a horned demon that leered at him. He couldn't move.

"Gods above and below," Mirror Man whispered. "What are you?"

The right side of Alfred's body that still remained human still smiled that friendly smile. "I'm just a humble butler, my good sir. You really should have just taken the tea."

---

"Anything interesting happen when I was out, Alfred?" Bruce said. He'd had a long, tired night of fighting the Joker. As the sun rose, his twisted foe had cheekily hinted that the caped crusader might have a surprise waiting at home. Bruce had rushed back immediately.

"Interesting?" Alfred turned with a tray in hand and gave Bruce a kind smile. "Nothing of the sort. Tea, sir?""Are you sure there isn't going to be fighting again?" Shin asked from the back seat of the sled dragged along by Mom's undead horses. Bells chimed loud over the *clop-clop* of rotting hooves.

Dad looked back at him. "Of course not," he said with a nervous laugh. "No one's stupid enough to actually let it come to blows. It would start a war. Especially not now, since you kids are more grown up. *Right,* Maddy?"

Madeleine - better known as Mom - shot Dad a nasty glare. "What's that supposed to mean? Your father was the one who instigated that fruit bowl debacle. Why, I remember-"

Bickering assaulted Shin's ears. The trees flashed past at dizzying speeds, but neither he nor his siblings were worried. Dad's runic charms formed a golden protective shield around the whole sled that was so powerful that once Cain fell off and didn't even scratch herself. Abel had cried for almost an hour after that, or so Shin was told; he hadn't been born yet.

Worry creased Abel's brow. "You okay back there?"

"Yeah," Shin said. "Nice and cozy." He liked being back here, alone, cramped as he was between the potluck pans and the crimson-wrapped gifts. Here, he was far away from the arguments up front, isolated from when Cain and Abel inevitably got dragged in. Cain, the glowing daughter of the light, forced to take the side of the paladins; Abel, the scion of darkness, bearing the mantle of the necromancers.

By the time they parked their sled by the huge winter cabin and brought in their offerings, Shin could already hear the shouting of angry voices and the rattling of steel. It hadn't come to blood just yet, but he could feel the lust in the air, and it wasn't sexual. They wanted death. Living room battle grounds had been drawn, as each family stared down the other.

"There she is," Paladin Uncle Number 2 said, pulling Cain in for a hug. "See how fine our daughters are shaping up to be? Not like your troublemakers over there. Never mind our alliances, just look at their behavior - the difference is clear as night and day!"

Necromancer Aunt Number 3 scowled as an Old Grandpa necro cackled with derision. "Do you think *behavior* is something that's lauded in this world? *Strength* is what wins wars, my poor deluded darling."

"Strength is all you've got?" Another paladin scoffed. Their armor was on, even indoors, and Shin wondered how they dealt with the sweltering heat from the crackling fireplace. The smell of roasting chestnuts greeted him as he hurried to shake the snow off leather boots. "I feel sorry for you if that's the only thing in life you care about."

"We've got Abel, the most talented necromancer in recent memory," a Grandma necro said. "Don't think that we aren't raising someone capable of representing us in the high echelons of society. What've you got over there? A trio of lasses that can barely hold a blade?"

"Cain is the most potent light mage in decades," Uncle paladin hissed. "Dom, back me up here!"

Dad had just come from putting away the potluck dishes. "Look, I *really* don't want the kids dragged into the feud. You all promised."

"No one's feuding," Paladin Grandma 4 said. "We're just saying what's obvious to everyone here. Except for old boneheads over there, apparently."

"Why don't we have the kids do a little spar, then?" Necro Aunt 3 suggested. "I'd bet on Abel against every child *you've* ever trained!"

"You'll eat those words," growled an angry voice that Shin couldn't even keep track of anymore as the squabbles devolved into angry yells. Cain and Abel were both caught in the middle, eyes wide and unsure of what to do. On one hand, they sparred all the time, and it wouldn't be a big deal - on the other, the pressure building up behind them was enormous; all Shin wanted to do was run away and look at the presents with them.

"Fight then! Let's have a spar!"

Mom tried in vain to placate her side of the family, but it was like tossing a bucket of snow onto a roaring inferno. Dad had no luck either. The next thing they knew, they'd cleared a ringed area in the middle where Cain was fiddling with straps of protective steel. Her eyes were glowing gold. Abel's side was whispering advice to him, and Shin could almost see the power pulsating underneath his skin, dark strands flowing up around his pupils.

Why was it so blasted hot in here?

The tension was unbearable. He really should say something, but which side would he even talk to first? It would be seen as siding with them. The silence shattered to the clang of a small gong and Cain and Abel jumped into their usual sparring.

Something was wrong. They were both slower than usual, somehow. Shin could see every detail as spellfire crossed paths in glorious arcs. Steel clashed against steel. Abel ducked a sharp swing from Cain before he landed a body blow laced with dark energy. Cain faltered for a second before she kneed her brother in the face and brought her blade down in a vicious arc.

Time ground to a halt. Shin's vision seemed to elongate. Cain's hand moved through the air as if it were stuck in amber, dagger poised to strike. Someone had disabled the protective enchantments on it. How did he know that? That wasn't a sparring weapon that would automatically glow when the wards detected a 'killing blow'. That was a live, sharp blade, going straight towards Abel's jugular.

*Move.*

The world exploded. Somehow, impossibly, he was between his brother and sister. Blood dripped from a cut on his forehead, but he didn't care. He was vaguely aware of the ringing *No!* that was dying on his lips.

Cain's expression dripped shock and fear. Abel looked stunned.

"Gods above and below," someone muttered. Why weren't they talking about the live blade? It was so hot.

Then Shin looked at his two outstretched arms that held his brother and sister at bay. There were two burnished shields there where nothing had existed before. On his right was a bold plate of celestial gold bearing the maw of a lion. On his left was shimmering plaque of black nightsteel in the shape of a striking basilisk.

"I'm so sorry," he croaked, aware of all the eyes fixated on him. "I couldn't...they were going to..."

There was a word whispering through both sides of the family. Cain was next to him in an instant, ripping shreds off her shirt to mop up the blood running down the side of his face. Abel was there just a fraction of a second after, murmuring some enchantment. The word danced on the wind, finally making its way to his ears.

"*Twicechosen.*"

That's when he caught a glimpse of his shocked reflection in the mirror on the mantle. One eye pulsed with a fiery darkness. The other glowed with the radiance of a tiny sun.**\[A late, short post today! Hope y'all are having/had a great day :)\]**

"You're even thinking of it now," Zack said. The numbness in his arms traveled upwards until his entire torso felt like it had been drenched in ice water. "If this conversation goes poorly, will you just rewind?"

Priscilla winced, shifting on the couch. "I guess I deserve that," she admitted meekly. "It's not like...not like I wanted this from the start. At first I just used it once. A small thing, when I missed our first month anniversary. Then when I was late to your show at the Lapelle, I swore that was the last time. Soon..."

"Everything our relationship is, all the well-orchestrated arguments," Zack said bitterly. "All of it has been a lie?"

Her eyes dropped. Thin arms wilted like dying flowers. "Yes. I'm sorry. I was hoping..."

"I understand."

"You do?" she blurted out. The crickets chirping outside sounded mournful. "I mean...I'm so sorry, Zack! I never..."

"I understand how painful that must have been," he said, looking around at the beautiful life they'd built for themselves. A beautiful lie. "I have the same power, and I never had to use it because you bore the burden for us. So, I know how hard the backlash is on your mind, and you *endured* it for us."

A single tear dripped down her tear-shaped face. "Oh Zack. I wish...it could be different. But I was so scared!"

"I know," Zack said, wiping his nose with trembling fingers. "I love you. Now and forever. And I won't let you bear that burden alone."

She frowned. "What?"

Zack clapped his hands together and the world spun in reverse. It kept spinning and spinning. When he finally awoke with the greatest hangover known to man, he was back in his college dorm. Dirty socks hung on the chair next to stacks of textbooks and unwashed plates - it had taken years for Priscilla to drill better habits into him.

Today was the day he'd meet her for the first time.

It would be different this time. This time, she wouldn't have to bear that burden by herself. They'd do it together.\[**Don't forget to vote!**\]

"Are you serious?" Charmander looked around at the unfriendly faces, rubbing his scaly orange fingers together. The flame grew dim on the tip of his tail. "We're just going to let him die down there?"

The blue serpent that called itself Dratini arched its stubby neck, pointing the small blue pearl at the center of its head towards the ominous black clouds. "I know none of us want to do this, but a rescue would simply be too dangerous. We can't do it."

The cliff stretched out rocky and ragged beneath them. Charmander could see the rickety cage where the roving bandits and their Geodudes were guarding their prey for ransom.

*"Hey there! My name's Lance, and I'm eleven. But I swear I'll become a legend someday! What do you say, lil' pal?"*

*Charmander stuck out a tongue and ran away.*

*"H-hey! Come back!"*

Lightning crackled in the distance. "I don't like this," he said. "Remember when he saved you from getting trapped under that rock slide, Dratini? Or when he pulled you out from the dying pond, Magikarp?"

Magikarp flopped up and down glumly, gasping for breath on the dry sand. "*Blub.* What do you want us to do? *Blub.* They have muscular looking pokemon down there...Machoke, Geodudes. *Blub.* I think I even felt an Onyx rumbling under the ground."

*"Charmander! I found these berries on the road. You're looking pretty famished there, buddy. Want some?"*

*...*

*"No! Charmander! Don't die! Were those berries poisoned!? H-hey, why is your tail fire getting smaller!?"*

Dratini turned to slither away. "It's hopeless, Charmander. The human never even used a pokeball to catch us, and he was stupid enough to get himself caught by bandits. Let's just go."

*"I swear this food isn't poisoned this time. I cooked it myself!"*

*!*

*"Good, ain't it?"*

*Charmander could see the skinny ribs showing underneath Lance's threadbare shirt. Despite that, the human's grin was infectious and kind. Why? Why did he put him and Magikarp over himself?*

"If that were any of us down there, 'the human' would come to the rescue. Alone, if he had to. And we're just going to leave him?" Charmander cried out. "Come on! We can't just ignore that, owner or not!"

Dratini cast a hesitant look back, but shook her head and slithered off. Magikarp flopped away with a sorrowful 'blub'. As thunder rumbled in the distance and a light drizzle scattered down from heaven, Charmander slowly scaled down the sheer descent of rocks towards certain defeat.

Sometimes he slipped, and he prayed that the gravel that scattered down wouldn't give him away. He fell and landed on his head a ways away from the camp, muttering an exhausted 'ouch' before hiding his burning tail behind him and sneaking into the camp.

It was almost dark, and most of the bandits were gathered around the main fire. The chatter and gruff laughter drowned out the sound of his approach as he tapped on the wooden cage keeping Lance trapped. The teenager awoke with a start.

"Hey lil' buddy," Lance whispered excitedly. "You came!" Tears gathered at the corner of those large eyes, and Charmander almost threw a fit. *Not now! Wait till later!* Slowly, slowly, he gnawed away at the bars of the cage. Splinters caught in his mouth, but he ignored the taste of iron and kept at it.

A drunk bandit staggered over to the edge of camp to take a piss, and both Lance and Charmander froze. He was so close to just turning around and walking back to his friends!

Shifty eyes shifted an inch to the right. They widened. "Oy! There's a baby brat trying to steal our cash cow!"

All hell broke loose. Lance and Charmander kicked at the remaining bars as once, shattering open an entrance large enough for the human to crawl out. They ran off down the narrow canyon path, skirting by jagged rocks and narrow ravines with only the light from Charmander's tail to lead way.

"Come on," Lance panted. "They're gaining!"

And they were. The ominous grinding of rocks and angry shouts chased them until they could go no further. *Dead end.* Charmander looked up at the slippery cliff's edge as the mist came down harder, clenching small claws in dismay. *No choice. Need to stand and fight.*

Lance took up a fighting stance with him, backs against the wall. Opening his mouth, he spat embers for as long as he could into the choke point before the sheer number of pokemon chucking rocks overwhelmed them.

The bandits hurled Lance against the wall as the Geodudes smashed hard fists into his tender belly. "Just give it up," one of them sneered, tossing him away. "We're going to ransom the kid, and there's nothing you can do to stop us."

Red-hot anger curled in his belly. In front of the vast army of Geodudes, Machamps - even an Onyx - outnumbered twenty to one, Charmander crawled to his feet and staggered towards Lance. He got tossed back by a jeering crowd. He got up again. Got tossed back again.

*I need to be stronger.*

*Please, let me be stronger. So I can save him. Please.*

White light. Why was it so bright? And why were the rocks getting smaller?

"Holy fuck," he heard a bandit say. There was fear in those words. "He evolved...twice!?"

Charizard extended his wings, feeling the molten rage burn like a volcano in his core. The tip of his tail, a mere ember before, burned white-hot like a bonfire. He opened his mouth and roared a challenge to the sky.

"Looks like he didn't need our help after all."

Behind him, he heard Dratini's voice, but it was deeper. A blue serpent slithered past him so fast that he almost missed the movement. Arching ferociously, Dragonair jut her razor-sharp horn forwards, illuminated by the furious radiant blue pearl driving back the darkness as she screeched a battle-cry.

Lance laughed, looking up past them. "Holy crap. Magikarp, you've gotten so big!"

A large thump shook the area behind Charizard. Gyarados shouldered his way into the narrow dead end, baring viscious fangs that dripped saliva twenty feet down. Charizard felt a swell of emotion that swirled deep within him, erupting into a massive flamethrower that lit up the night sky.

*Get up, Lance.*

Lance met his challenging gaze and smiled. "Let's do this, team.""General Zoom, give me the situation," snapped former Vice President Xella. "Did forensics tell us where the foreign object came from?"

The war commander was nervous. He hid quavering tentacles behind his back and tried to look serious on the open balcony overlooking the sprawling silver city. "We've been attacked by an alien species that launched a solid metal alloy disc from who knows where. Satellites tracked the disc's path from orbit and-"

"General! I woke up this morning with virtually no responsibilities." Xella's natural purple skin tone was reddening by the second. "As everyone knows, the Vice President doesn't actually do anything, and now I'm the President of the United Fins."

Zoom swallowed. Secretly, he was glad that the old president was gone. He prayed that this new one wouldn't be as hawkish on war as previous commanders were - sending the boys out always broke his squishy heart.

"Give me something, Zoom. Tell me who did this to us so our world can unite behind the banner of a common enemy. Name them! Name the creatures that would stoop so low as to launch a preemptive attack on us without warning."

"I..." The General paused, listening to his earpiece. "I'm just now receiving news from our FTL interceptors reporting back. Apparently they are a primate subspecies living on a planet they call 'Earth'."

Xella blinked. "They named themselves 'dirt'?"

"It's not quite the same-"

"Fitting for such low-bred scum!" The newly appointed President balled up two tentacles and waved them in the air. "Announce a new campaign, General Zoom. I will make a speech condemning these dirt-dwellers and make sure the people know that our great leader will not go unavenged."

Zoom pretended to listen closer. "I'm getting more updated information that their military prowess is not to be underestimated. President Xella, do you really want to go down in history as the squid that started an intergalactic war between two species?"

This gave Xella pause. In his mind, two paths lay before him, two sea serpents that writhed and struggled for dominance. What was he to do? It was just like in the Chilly War, where his predecessor had chosen not to give the order to fire Sea-Enders on the Ink Federation.

Do nothing, and look weak. Fight back, and risk the deaths of billions on both sides. There was no middle ground...or was there?

"You speak the truth, Zoom. What's your advice on a proper response? We can't just let this one go without repercussions."

The general wasn't sure. "Perhaps we should wait for proper intelligence channels to-"

"No! Wait! I got it!" Xella yelled, turning bulbous eyes skyward. "I know just the right way to greet them in return." A slimy smile stretched across his face.

Zoom winced. "An eye for an eye, sir?"

"Not quite."

---

"This just in! Manhole covers apparently raining down from the sky! Is this a Russian plot to interfere in our elections? Or perhaps a devious Chinese plan for world domination? Jane, live from DC, tell us more!"

---

[**Forgive me, today's post is a little short as I am short on time. I doubt it made you laugh, but perhaps it made you breathe a little faster through your nose at some parts XD. Either way, sorry about the length, I'll see you tomorrow!**]"Why can't you find him?" Sharon tapped the side of her mug with a dull *clink-clink.* "You've been an invaluable asset to the team so far."

"Mind Mage is different," Jacob said. A savory mouthful of sausage and eggs lit up his taste centers like fireworks. "I don't think that being a super villain is their biggest secret."

His contact in the police task force grimaced, scratching the tip of her petite nose. "Why?"

The symphony of honks and beeps slowly cruising down fifth avenue derailed Jacob's thoughts. How best to answer? "I can't just look at someone and have a sentence appear saying 'Mind Mage here, come arrest me.' It's not that simple. It's more like...I get a feeling, a premonition of what they most don't want people to know."

Sharon stirred her coffee, adjusting her sharp uniform with a moan of frustration. "And the few times you've seen Mind Mage in person?"

"It's a garbled signature. Something to do with lilacs in autumn, or the scent of freshly peeled pomegranates."

She jotted that down. "Even that's helpful. So you don't think th-"

*Boom!*

The tinkling of glass brought Jacob back to reality as he slowly peeled himself off the dirty sidewalk. Two supers were tussling outside and close to bringing down half the avenue shops, it seemed. Sharon crawled towards him, whimpering in pain as she clutched her head.

"Are you okay?" Her feeble voice made him want to shout at the unfairness of it all. He was fine, but her...there was so much blood! He almost rushed to get help when he saw a shattered mirror on the ground.

The reflection of those usual blonde locks seemed *different* in a way that he couldn't quite put a finger on. Powers flicked on like a switch in his brain, telling him his own biggest secret.

*I am Mind Mage.*

The lock he'd put on his own memories shattered like chains of paper in a typhoon. Holding a hand to Sharon's head, he let power seep from scarred palms. Palms burnt in his fight against Bullion. He touched the other scar on his arm, the one he thought he'd gotten when he slipped as a kid. That was a knife wound from Halberd.

Sharon seemed to rouse under the healing command. "How?" She asked over the ringing clang of supers duking it out in the middle of New York City.

*Modify*, he thought, adding a memory command to the energy flow. She slumped into a painless sleep. He'd erase her memory and replace it with an edited event of what happened. Although they fell on opposite sides of this war, the Mind Mage quite enjoyed her company, this game of cat and mouse, matching wits in the light and exchanging shots in the night.

It wouldn't do for her to die on him now.

The Mind Mage knew that he would have to erase his own memory the next morning after going about his usual business. Keeping up two personalities was exhausting. His first life had a job, a budding romance with a detective that swore to hunt down and kill him...normal things. His second life began when he looked into the mirror before going sleep, and ended when dawn chased him home.

*Boom!*

A second explosion rocked the area. He groaned. Swift movements showed not a single trace of hesitation as he stepped out towards the maelstrom of fighting, arms cocked in preparation for rapid-fire command seals.

"Boys, you *really* can't keep doing this in broad daylight. People could get hurt. *Sleep.*""Well, well, look who's here," said Joanne. "Come to gloat?" The claustrophobic cell didn't seem to bother her as she reclined against the grey wall, arms folded behind her head.

I tried not to look surprised. It was difficult, considering I was wearing an angel costume with a surprised expression. I figured if I was going to be the god of Ironic Demises, I may as well live up to my name in form too. In my right hand I gripped the Rod of Asclepius, the snake entwined around a staff that was the symbol of the medical community. Ironic, I know.

"You can see me," I said. "Very extraordinary."

"You're a legend among seers," she said. "An anomaly that shouldn't exist, a glitch in the otherwise flawless gears turning the universe....but you provide us with some entertainment at least. I first heard about you when you made that politician die from his own stabbing."

"You mean the one he orchestrated for publicity?" I laughed. "Yeah, he needed votes and so he made a ploy for sympathy. Unfortunately, he cut a major artery in his leg. What about the man who drowned at a lifeguard party?"

"What did he do that was so bad?" Joanne asked.

"He took a big bribe to look the other way during a unique murder by drowning. Never got caught. So I did what I had to do."

The criminal snorted and sat up, pulling her knees to her chest. "I think what really made me a big fan of yours was that time with the pedophile. You made him fall off his motorcycle headfirst in a rally protesting the use of helmets. Sheer genius."

I sat down next to her on the already cramped cot, resting the rod between my legs. "Comedic timing, that's all it takes," I said. "What about that time I did away with the corrupt NRA representative by making him shoot himself during a gun safety class?"

Joanne wrinkle her nose. "A bit blasé, don't you think? I much prefer the time you killed off the murderer by making him shoot himself in court...while he was demonstrating how the victim might have shot himself."

The spectral angel mask almost came off as I laughed, reliving the good memories of bygone days. "I'll do you one better. Once, I had a tricky case of a mob boss who just couldn't be stopped. So when he was vacationing near the Grand Canyon, I-"

"-made him fall to his death after he jokingly was pretending to fall to his death."

I was impressed. "You are a fan. That's such a pity."

"So," Joanne said at last. "What now? How will you kill me?"

This was tough. I liked Joanne. Then I remembered her crimes, and it became easier to continue.

"You committed a heinous crime unlike any other," I said. "You used your sight for selfish reasons, committing fraud and stealing the wealth of honest citizens who couldn't retaliate."

"I can't actually see how I'll die." Joanne looked sad. "It's liberating in a way, to finally not know. I've never been able to see past my death."

"And that's just it," I said. "You're going to die by seeing the future. The shock will kill you. Here you go!"

And then I loaded up her brain with the pre-written fate of the world. A moment later, the criminal oracle died from the very gift she used to financially ruin those in need. Those once mostly-all-seeing eyes stared blankly up at the grungy ceiling.

Tapping my healer rod, I, the god of Ironic Demises, phased through the walls of the containment center as alarms sounded, congratulating myself on another job well done. Onto the next.

While I still could.The lights were streaming down from heaven. Streaks of colors blazed across the night sky, drowning the stars and dimming the moon, shaming the Northern Lights with their brilliance.

I watched from my windy porch nestled between mountain peaks. The generator in the basement failed about an hour into the show, snuggly wrapping the surrounding forest in a pitch-black cloak.

"Time to sleep, Daddy!"

"One minute, sweetheart."

Reluctantly tearing myself away from the cosmic wonder, I realized that my phone was strangely dead. Hadn't I just charged it earlier in the evening?

When I woke up, all technology in the home was broken. The microwave was silent, the fridge was leaking liquid into the wooden floorboards, and - worst of all - the coffeemaker was unresponsive.

"Daddy! Look at this!"

She snapped her fingers, and a small flame appeared in front of her. It hovered in front of her like some sort of werelight, bobbing with the breeze.

"How did you do that, Kimmy?"

"Snap fingers!"

I snapped mine and heard the generator turn back on. The ceiling lights beamed back to life.

This was not good.

Rushing to my phone, I was surprised to find it hum to life at my touch. There was a top article on the major news sites.

*Age of Magic?*

I read it over my morning cup of coffee, grateful that although myriad abilities had cropped up, mine happened to be some sort of electricity power that revived my trusty old coffeemaker. I apparently shared that skill with a few people who had made their way to the internet servers,  posting the article for anyone who could read it.

I was worried.

Not too worried, because Kimmy and I were fairly safe this deep in the mountains. But what would happen come school in September? What fate lay in wait for civilization as we knew it?

Kimmy was smarter than I gave her credit for. She was careful with her fire, but practiced like she was some sort of budding mage. Which, I suppose, she was.

"Welcome to River High!"

I greeted the principal when September dyed the mountains red-orange. "Hey, we're sort of away from the beaten path. What's been going on around here?"

He shrugged, adjusting his tie. "Honestly, folks are just doing their best to get by. It's tough, working without a good supply chain, but we're trying to get enough food to survive the winter. You're an electric snap? We could use someone like you in town."

"I'll go take a look."

I came back to pick Kimmy up at the end of school and saw smoke from a mile away. By the time I got there, all that remained was a pile of burnt twigs and shattered dreams. The principal lay trapped underneath a beam of charred wood, blood dribbling out of his mouth.

"What happened?" I yelled.

"Raiders," he gasped. "Stole. Promising kids. Rest dead."

"My daughter?"

"With. Them."

He didn't last much longer. I stayed by his side, trying to give him what small comfort I could offer. I looked across the horizon, watching as a smoke trail gently floated away.

Snapping my fingers, I watched crackling electricity dance across my knuckles.

"Hang in there, sweetheart. I'm coming."\[**I apologize in advance.**\]

"Tell me about him." Katrina solemnly focused on the shimmering edges of her crystal ball. It was fake, of course. She needed something to distract herself from the trial ahead, and what a trial it would be. "Describe what he looked like."

"Well," Jane sniffed, wiping a mascara-less eye, "He had a shapely Dad bod. I told him to lay off on the Doritos, but he never did listen. Now I wish I'd told him to eat more. Oh. He had a magnificent salt and pepper beard that he kept trimmed."

"Good, good," Katrina said, hearing her own voice become slightly detached. The soft red cloth under her hands felt diminished. "What else? What did he do?"

"He was a construction worker," the widow said. "He was a very serious man, very devoted to the family. I loved him dearly."

There. The moment her soul touched the spirit world. It seemed that the universe had sucked her through a thin tube. Jane's voice filtered in through the hazy film layered across her brain. "I'm here. I mean, he's here, channeling through me. I see him - a mole above his right eye, correct?"

"How did you know that?" Jane asked. "I never told you that!"

"Not all of us are fakes," the medium muttered, almost become disconnected in her indignation. "What do you want to ask him?"

"*Sniff.* Is he okay?"

Katrina relayed the message, and the response was almost instant. **H-hewwo?**

*Yes,* she pushed through to the spirit world. *I can hear you. Your wife is here with me; she wants to know how you are.*

**OwO I am a wittle cold, but good! \*nuzzles her\***

"He's doing well," Katrina relayed, fighting a smile. It was bad enough that her personality was bubbly and optimistic to start, but on top of that she'd become desensitized to tragic stories. "He's a little cold where he is, but he wishes he could...embrace you right now."

The relief in Jane's soft 'oh' was the moment the medium lived for. It made all the rest bearable. "He always did prefer Winter. Thank goodness. Can you tell him that his son and I are getting by, we're well, and we miss him dearly."

Katrina pushed more sensations and memories forward, bracing for the response. **Sorry I had an oopsie. TwT.** She clenched her fist, trying not to imagine a grizzled construction worker. **I missy-wissy them very much. UwU.**

"He's sorry that he had an accident. He misses you all so much."

Jane's renewed sobs continued, giving Katrina a moment to breathe. "Can you ask him if he has any requests? Anything we can do for him over there?"

**\*Boops her nose, her chin, and her tummy. :3\***

"H-he's saying that he wishes he could touch your face, cuddle with you one last time, touch your nose, your chin, and your stomach."

The widow leaned forwards, clasping Katherine and coming dangerously close to fracturing the connection in the dark tent. "Yes! Yes! This is miraculous! He always loved tapping me like that affectionately! Oh, Barnabus, can you feel anything over there?"

*His name is Barnabus?* Katrina thought, biting her tongue hard. She sniffed hard to mask a snort. *Barny, your wife wants to know if you feel anything right now.*

She got the response.

---

"Katrina," Madame Luna scolded. "You have to control yourself. If you keep losing it in front of the customers, we'll go out of business!"

Katrina gasped in great gulps of air, wiping away the tears as she clutched her stomach. Stopping the undulations erupting from her throat was a lesson in futility.

"What's so funny, anyways?"

"H-he said...a chubby c-construction worker...he-he - hahaha!"

Madame Luna frowned. "Yes?"

She collapsed on the floor, giving in to the mirth. "*Bulgy-wulgy!*""Seismic activity was detected in long-thought dormant volcano Vesuvius, and scientists are currently..."

Jenna jabbed a finger at the old TV set she'd hooked up in the barn, wishing her hand would stop trembling. "It's started. Just like you said it would."

The colossal mountain of purple scales rumbled. Every movement sent a cascade of flickering lights flying over the barn's rotting interior like a colony of fireflies. A single large eye blinked, examining the rust-colored blood flakes starting to peel off her side.

"**You didn't believe me**."

That voice, even trying to whisper, resonated deep in Jenna's bones. She tried not to let her butt lose circulation on the wooden stool as one foot bounced up and down nervously. "Come on. You were talking about dwarves, elves, and fairies. How was I supposed to trust that?"

"**My mere existence should've been enough. Have you ever seen a lizard as big as I? What's so fantastical about a dwarf, given that I'm real?**"

Fair point. "More dragons like you are coming soon?"

Altaria nestled her four eggs. They were such fragile things, and so small that Jenna could hardly fathom the day they'd hatch and grow up to be as large as the creature before her very eyes. Feeding Altaria was a strain on her budget. Feeding four more...? "**It won't be long now. They will rain death on your cities.**"

"We have weapons, and nukes," Jenna protested. "It will be a bloodbath, but-"

"**The dwarves had explosives, too, and nigh unshakable fortifications. The elves had fey magic and a civilization that puts yours to shame. The fairies wielded sorceries and enchantments beyond your wildest imaginations.**"

*Well, when you put it that way...*

"**Nothing stops a Weyr of Dragons. Let alone our Elite.**"

"There's got to be something," she said. Pacing around the scattered hay, she racked her brains. This was so unfair - how was a high schooler supposed to deal with the weight of the world? "Can't you talk to them? Can't we stop your Elite from waking up?"

Altaria blew out of a puff of smoke that Jenna guessed was a snort of derision. "**If it weren't for treachery of an early-waker, you wouldn't even see me until I was dive-bombing Manhattan, or whatever you call that ugly blight of steel that Gaia abhors. No, I can't talk to them, especially not if an Elite was responsible, and no, you can't even find them; humans have barely penetrated crust. We hibernate in the molten layer of the mantle.**"

"What, then?" Jenna asked, slumping against a pile of golden straw. The bristles tickled her nose. "We should just give up as a species? We're doomed?"

"**If you go down now, I will never live to see the next mating period,**" Altaria said. She winced as a slight stretch twisted the gash in her scales. "**Neither me nor my whelps. And that is unacceptable.**"

"So what can we do?" Jenna asked.

"**We train my whelps and warn your people. Only a dragon can match an Elite, and we must pray that it will be enough.**"

The orphan farm girl thrust her arms towards one of the holes in the roof of the barn, beseeching the blue August sky. "Your whelps would make pretty decent omelettes, not fighters! We don't have time, right?"

*Crk. Crack.*

Altaria extended her snout, flicking a forked tongue over the fragmenting shell. With all its strength, a tiny dragon head burst through. It made a mewling sound with eyes still closed and reached for its mother.

"**See? This child is already heeding the call of duty.**" The dragon mother looked at Jenna with a massive, unblinking amethyst pupil. "**What about you?**"Dangalf the Dim chortled. "Finally, a break from rescuing princesses and fighting orcs." The array of rune-protected character sheets and dragonsteel dice spread out before them like the fittings of an armory.

"Can you really take a break from something you never started?" Parry said. The apprentice scratched his unkempt black hair in confusion as he scanned the vast wealth of information engraved into the pages.

"Don't give me that cheek, Hotter!" Dangalf said. "CNC is a time-honored tradition here in Knox. Now, did everyone pick a character?"

The paladin-in-training waved a sheet excitedly. "Ooo! Can I be 'Pam, the Secretary'?" Aurelia's burnished armor never came off, even indoors, and everyone winced as light bounced off the polished sheen directly into their eyes. Even the tavern patrons nursing their midday beers ducked their heads. Ivern the tavern keeper worn sunglasses, so he just smiled.

"Yes, yes," Dangalf said. "Although, the Secretary class might not scale well into the late game. You're probably better off trying 'Stacy, the gossip' since it's your first time. She can promote into an information dealer."

"Like a rogue," said Rogue. Rogue didn't say much, but when she did, it was often insightful. Or roguish.

"Why are we playing this game?" asked Dae, the errant knight. "Don't we have to train, or, I don't know, take quests so we can pay room and board?"

"Shush," said Dangalf. "We need to keep spirits high, and we do that by playing a game to indulge in our escapist fantasies every once in a while. Now, let's get in character and introduce ourselves."

As the afternoon wore on, our hardy group of adventurers found themselves engaged in office politics, juicy drama, and personal relationships. All without the threat of impending death that they routinely experienced.

"This is such horse manure," Dae the knight said. "How does Stacy have such a high IQ roll compared to Chad?"

"Stop being such a Chad," said Rogue.

Aurelia pumped a glittering arm into the air, causing the party to wince."Yeah, you should've invested time in getting a part-time degree, like me!"

Parry absentmindedly scratched the stick-shaped scar on his forehead. "Cubicle Master, can I inspect Stacy to see if she would be willing to engage in s-"

The tavern door exploded. A band of robbers burst into the room bearing cocked crossbows, carrying the sent of unwashed clothes. "Weapons down, valuables out!" their leader roared.

Dangalf rose with both hands up. The dark orbs sitting under his thick eyebrows were inscrutable. "Now, now, I'm sure we can come to an agreeable conclusion to everyone here."

A steel-tipped bolt pointed directly at his forehead. "Get *down*, old man!"

He didn't move. "Do you know why they call me Dangalf the Dim?"

Rogue snorted. "It's because you're unbelievably stupid."

One of the older bandits abruptly paled. "Chief, let's leave. We can just go next door to 'the Howling Mermaid'."

"Clam it, Sam. I ain't never heard of a 'Dangalf the Dim'. What a stupid name!"

The tavern drowned itself in darkness. Crossbows fired and struck nothing. Shouts of panic erupted as shadows moved in the void of night, drawing howls of pain and anguish mixed with the gnashing of teeth and teeth flying out of mouths. When the spell lifted, the bandits were all trussed up like turkeys and in dire need of medical aid.

Dangalf brushed off his hands, lifting his wizard hat to wipe away the sweat. "Hah! You can mess with the Dim, but don't you dare interrupt our CNC game!"

"That was so cool!" Parry said.

Dae clapped a hand to his forehead. "We're never going to get a quest.""Gotham city is a stinking heap of filth."

Bruce eyed the crazy who sauntered over to him on the creaky old bus. The smell of petrol no longer rankled his senses, not after enduring this trip for over a year.

"Can't hear me? Or don't want to respond?" The crazy didn't look so abnormal close up. Fine, strong features. Kind eyes. "You know, a fortune teller promised me I'd find my soulmate on this bus. It cost me $4.99 for a reading. Are you my soulmate?"

He cleared his throat. "Look man, I'm just trying to get home."

"No," the crazy said, watching him closely. "You're trying to drown yourself in the same sludge that this city is trying to bury you in. Tell me! Are you a fan of the way you work your nine to five, earning scraps, trying to feed your family with 'em?"

"I don't have a family."

He cackled, and those light-green eyes shifted away from kind. "Then you've got nothing to lose, sonny! Surely, you must have some goal you want to achieve in life - eyes like yours, they don't come cheap!"

Bruce thought about it. Yes, there were things he wanted to achieve. Vengeance. Vigilantism. Victory. "I want to become the Batman. A hero who lives wealthy by day, and cleans this city of its *filth* by night."

That answer seemed to surprise the stranger, who contemplated this for a moment before sticking out a hand. "The name's Jack Napier. I just want to shake things up, make people think twice about the world they choose to exist in. You want to be the Batman? I'll *make* you the Batman."

He raised an eyebrow. "And how are you going to do that?"

Jack smiled wide. "By being your greatest archnemesis. They'll call me...the Joker."

---

I listened to the terror ripple through the stock exchange as Jack rigged up high powered traders with explosives. My cue was to cut the lights at the end of his speech and jump in.

The hard work was already done, to be honest. Months of training, months of preparation, all pointing to this single day. We'd argued over late night coffee on how best to siphon off money to fund my research ideas. Jack was convinced they were revolutionary.

"They just need a little *push*," he said. "Like a snowball off a great mountain to start an avalanche. Or a body as it walks off the plank."

"Sometimes, you scare me," I told him.

He cackled, smile widening far past normal human limits. "Bruce, sometimes you scare me too."

My hardest part had been getting into fighting shape. I'd never been unfit, but the kinds of things Batman had to be able to do were beyond that of a normal athlete's body.

"There's no one that can save you, Gotham," said Jack, strolling among the citizens huddled below. "You're only beginning to dream, and I am the nightmare that can WAKE YOU UP!"

That was my cue. Cutting the power, I took one last look at the funds rolling through our offshore accounts, untraceable. The drop down the zipline was harder in the dark, but my night vision contacts were paying dividends.

"You're going to let the hostages go, you *Joker*." The home-built noise modifier at my throat gave my voice an otherworldly, growling tone. It'd taken me a few days to get it just right.

"Ooohhh," Jack said, cackling in the pitch-black, sweaty room. "I rather like that name! Come over here and make me, you mysterious crusader!"

"The name," I growled, "Is Batman."\[**Another late post! I've somewhat decided not to force the morning post. I think that, especially if I don't see anything interesting to me, I'd rather not post crap. I'd rather wait and post something that you're more likely to enjoy, so apologies for that\~ but I will still do at least one post a day!\]**

Time leapfrogs for me. I'm told by the ones left behind that for each day that passes before my eyes, thirty others have fallen by the wayside. It's a pity. For beings who experience the world so languidly, they are fragile, like pine needles scattered across the barren forest floor.

Language and fire. Those were the elements that tamed the wilderness, aided by none other than myself. I was different. Neither age nor wounds could tame the corded muscles rippling underneath my flesh, and even height and water failed to keep me down for long. It was only a matter of time before I achieved the knowledge of their wisest, and unlike them I persisted as surely as the seasons.

I watched fire consume the world.

I shivered when ice enveloped it.

I greeted stars like old friends and mourned for them when they passed.

Traveling became the spice of existence. Many legends spread about me.

I remembered caring for two boys I found on the banks of the Tiber River, two boys that served as the roots of a great sprawling empire. They got my sex wrong. History has a nasty habit of twisting stories to fit the agenda of those who wield it.

I remembered journeying among the Norse, only to have them suddenly make up stories about the great wolf Fenrir. That was an interesting lesson in secrecy, reminding me that even as ancient as I was, the great wolf was not infallible.

In Mongolia I actually made contact with a few people. They became convinced that due to my age, all of them must have been descended from me.

Time trekked on, and seemed to speed up for those would lived in the spaces between my days. Change was fast and furious, and I spent every day of my life learning more and keeping up with the times.

Never have I been captured. Until today.

I woke up in a steel cage, looking into the round eyes of what looked to be a twenty-year-old biology student. Her name tag read 'Suzie'.

"Who are you, and what did you do with my wolf?" she shrieked, covering her eyes. I looked down, rather affronted; I was a magnificent being, in my personal opinion. As far as I was concerned, it was the cage's fault for preventing me from making my way to the stocked hideout - there were plenty of clothes, from suits to shorts.

"How long have I been here?" I asked.

Suzie was a smart cookie. She pieced it all together rather quickly. "What's your name?" she asked.

I grinned, shall we say, wolfishly. "I have been called many names. Fenrir. Lupa. Amarok. People have given me many identities, and I've forgotten more things than you have ever learned. But you may call me the Big Bad Wolf."

"Are you serious?" Suzie asked.

"No. Live long enough, and you learn to make your own amusement. What's for dinner? I'm hungry.""Are you kidding?" Percy asked. "Hercules had to kill the freakin' *Nemean Lion* for his first task. Mine is just to ask out Emma?"

Hermes tapped a single winged shoe against the school's brick exterior. "That's right. That will be the first of twelve equally challenging tasks matching Hercules' original feats. Complete them all and we will grant you one wish of anything you desire, be it immortality, godhood, or even sentience."

"Humans are already sentient!"

"Hmm?" Hermes filed his nails and glanced at him. "Ah, I hadn't noticed. Forgive me, it's hard to take that seriously given what you're doing to each other around the globe. Anyways, good luck! Remember, Hercules accomplished his tasks over twelve years, so you've got time. Toodles!"

From here, Percy could see Emma in class past the sparse foliage dotting the school lawn. As he waited for the sprinklers to *tut-tut-tut* the other way, he tried to work out how best to complete the first task.

*Tch, what a joke,* he thought to himself. *Emma and I have been friends for like, forever*. *It'll be fine.*

It didn't happen during lunch break. When she looked at him and laughed, asking why he was giving her that look on their walk home, Percy heard himself laugh back and blabber some lame excuse. It wasn't until he really put his mind to the task and found himself sitting back home alone in his room that he moaned in frustration.

"This is impossible," he said. *Bzzz* went his phone.

**Chop-chop! Time's a-wasting, mortal! Only eleven years and three hundred sixty four days to go!**

Percy wanted to text Hermes back and tell him to go shove it where the sun didn't shine. Because he wasn't an idiot looking to anger a literal Greek god, he did not.

The next morning, he walked to Emma's house as usual and together they made there way through heaps of red and orange tree droppings that would soon become mush in the afternoon rain.

"Emma," he said, deciding to just rip the band-aid off and get the first task over with, "Will you..."

Greek gods damn it, he couldn't get the words out. His pulse started racing in his chest. Why was this so hard? Percy wiped clammy palms on his fading jeans and swallowed hard.

"Huh?" Emma looked at him, blinking large eyes. He noticed the way a stray eyelash had fallen on one cheek, and he brushed it off absentmindedly. "Ah, thanks."

"Willyougooutwithme?" He asked. "Like to the movies or something? I think the new Spiderman is out."

"Oh." She looked surprised, and bit her lip. "Sorry, Perce, but...we're like, good friends."

His stomach sank. There was a strange warping to the world that he couldn't quite describe past the pounding in his ears. "I get it."

"It's not that you're not...cool, I'm sure there's plenty of people who you'd work out well with. But we have something pretty sweet you know? And I don't want to ruin that."

"Yeah, it's cool," he said, forcing out a laugh, trying not to wince at the repetition of the word cool. They walked to school in silence and said 'see you later' before heading off to separate class. *Bzzz* went his phone again.

**Well, that was quick! Congratulations on completing the first task of twelve, in record time!**

Percy wanted to smash his phone against the wall. Was it even worth it? *Bzzzz.*

**Your second task has arrived! It is: Get into a relationship with Emma!**\[**HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE! Hope you have a wonderful day :) \]**

"Come on, come on," Sam Tinker muttered. The stage was completely clean and the empty auditorium seats judged him silently. His only companion was the jar of fake glitter that sat motionless, bearing big bubble letters of 'KIT KRAFT GLITTER'.

There was a moisture in his hands that the small colorful flakes stuck to as Sam sprinkled a pinch over his head. He held his breath and squeezed his eyes shut.

Nothing.

"Blah!" he said, releasing the pent up breath. *That was dumb. That thing I felt earlier was probably just a stray line hooked to my shirt or something.* The world came back into focus and he picked up the jar, ready to put it back into storage and go home.

Sam jumped off the stage...and didn't fall. "Ahhh!" One pregnant pause later, he realized that nothing was happening, but that was just the problem. He wasn't moving, just hovering in midair.

*It wasn't my imagination.*

Getting control was difficult; Sam felt like an astronaut floating in the middle of a spaceship, clawing at invisible strings to move around. He didn't dare go too high - what if he fell?

"This is crazy," he whispered to himself. "The dust is magic!"

With time came confidence. Every day after school he practiced, sprinkling the dust over his head and leaping into the air. Higher and higher he soared, whooping out loud and racing through the air like a hummingbird.

Sam wondered if he should tell other people, but he was wary - what if people thought he was a freak? What if some government organization came to dissect his organs for research?

"What's up, Tinker!" The loud sneering voice of Ron, the class bully, echoed across the school roof. "Watcha got there?"

Sam grappled for words, wind blowing his hair back. "Uh, not much, Ron, haha. Just practicing."

"For the dumbass school play?" Ron asked. "Oh yeah, the one you're wearing *tights* for, weenie. Is that glitter? How gay is that?"

"It's not gay," Sam muttered. He screwed the cap back on. *I wanted to practice for real outside today. Why is he here?* Ron approached him and wrestled the jar out of his hands without warning. "Hey!"

"Isn't this the powder that makes kids fly?" Ron asked with an upturned lip. "You want to fly, Tinker? Go get it!"

"No!" He lunged for the jar as it flew over the railing, missing it by a mere inches. For a heartwrenching moment, he felt gravity take hold as he lost his balance and fell over the ledge. Ron's yell of surprise sounded far away as the ground raced towards him.

And then he opened his eyes. The ground was motionless. He was hovering, flying above the ground, without the use of the powder. Sam looked up at Ron's shocked face.

*I never needed the glitter after all.*

He finally made it home after extracting a promise of secrecy from a strangely subdued Ron, where Mom planted a kiss on his forehead and asked him how his day was. Sam almost told her about what happened, but held back. The phone rang, and Mom went to get it.

"Hi, this is Bell, may I ask who is calling?""You're kidding," Jared said. The couch seemed to fall out from under him as the vertigo kicked in, dangling him over the yawning mouth of an unknown abyss. "You're leaving it up to me?"

Larry Sting laced his fingers in front of his mouth. "You're the best we've got. There's no authority over this, no laws - the technology is too new, and honestly, I don't want the government sticking their fingers in the pie of God."

Well *that* was an interesting and fairly nonsensical metaphor. Jared rubbed his thighs, trying to distract himself with the lazy lava lamp globules. "You want me to set a precedent."

"Yes," Larry said. "You're my oldest friend. Before the news hits the press, I need you to determine whether the subject qualifies as a human being and our next course of action. All executive powers in the SynchroVerse are now hereby transferred to your account for the next twenty-four hours."

The walk down to the SynchroPods was arduous. Clammy hands wiped down his brown suit-jacket as Jared tried to think back to every ethics class, late-night AI convo, and science fiction novel he'd ever read. What constituted a sentient life? If the kid sufficiently passed the Turing Test, was that enough?

He was aware of the heavy weight bearing down upon his thin shoulders. The player who'd passed away was still active in the game, querying admins and posting on forums in a panic. If he deemed the player a life, would SynchroVerse be liable for keeping everyone who passed away?

Would people purposefully keep themselves hooked in so that when they passed away, a trace of them might still remain?

And if he deemed the player not a life, what would that say about human consciousness? What would the parents say?

And in the end, if he couldn't decide, was he prolonging the suffering of a being that couldn't even understand that it was suffering?

Jared almost tripped stepping into the glowing chamber. The soft gel cushioned him as the cover of the pod closed off the outside world, heralding the partial-REM state necessary for the SynchroVerse to come alive.

He found himself on the sidewalk of a suburban house. Sprinklers went *tic-tic-tic* as the green grass dribbled pearls of liquid from heavy heads.

"Robbie?" he called. "I'm here on behalf of the SynchroVerse admins."

A small child ran outside, chased by a fluffy corgi who barked cheerfully. "Please help! I can't log off since yesterday, and I've missed a whole day of school already! My parents are probably really worried."

Jared controlled his face. *They're not worried because we blocked your messages. You're legally dead, and the dead can't speak.* "Let me take a look. It will only be a second."

Navigating the executive interface, he looked at a scan of the boy's brain. There was none - just a cached memory layer that the SynchroVerse preserved.

The child in front of him wasn't human. He was simply a memory, a chunk of code that would never change or grow, doomed to exist in the same state until...

"Robbie," he said. "You're dead."

The way the kid's face froze and shattered like a pane of ice almost broke Jared. "I...what? I'm not. I don't feel dead."

Jared couldn't help it. He gave the child a hug, aware of the irony that this was almost more for his sake than for Robbie's. "That's why you can't log out." He tried to explain as best as he could, taking his time while various brain areas tried to figure out what to do.

"Are you going to...turn me off?" Robbie asked when he'd finally calmed down. He was petting the corgi simulation, downtrodden eyes cast at the pebbled pavement.

The psychologist scoured through the interface. He'd taken only rudimentary computer science classes, but it was enough. The child in front of him felt so real, so...human.

There were new memories forming, but that was it. The SynchroVerse wasn't capable of simulating growth in the areas of the brain that developed with age.

"No," he said. "I can't risk it. As I said, you're not really human, but...you're not really non-sentient either."

"Then what?"

Jared shook his head. "We'll probably patch this issue immediately, to prevent it from happening to anyone else. But you...I can't kill you. You're just a kid. You'll stay on this server forever, at least until I figure out a way to upgrade your brain to let you grow."

A smile crept onto Robbie's face. "So...no more school?"

"Hah!" Jared gave Robbie another hug. "No more school, but no parents either. No friends for now, until I get the company to provide some NPCs. You won't be able to interact with the outside world for a while until we fully understand what happened to you. Is that okay with you?"

"Yeah," Robbie said after thinking it through. "Thanks for not logging me out."

As Jared was about to leave, Robbie ran up and caught the simulated sleeve of his brown suit jacket. "You'll come visit me sometimes though, right? We can play games, and...and fight villains and stuff! The simulation adventures are wicked!"

A peace settled over Jared's heart. He still wasn't sure he was doing the right thing, but at least there was time to make it right.

"Yeah. Yeah, I will."**\[What, it's not a Rupert Grint Part 15?? Yeah, sorry :( For those of you who are new - I practice my writing by posting daily to WritingPrompts, whatever new topics happen to come up when I wake up. These are of varying quality, so I won't be offended if you don't read them XD this whole sub was mostly for record's sake to begin with.**

**NaNoWriMo is in the works! Hopefully after November is over I'll be able to tell you all that I've finished and editing is underway :) In the meantime, hope you all have a lovely day!\]**

"What's the true nature of the Ocean?"

I sighed. The scent of cheap oil permeated the air and seeped into the tips of my fingers. "I hate Chinese fortune cookies. Goddamnit, Bill."

"Huh?" My boyfriend frowned at me from across the threadbare linen tablecloth. Children ran screeching past us to the buffet line, backed by the red and gold wallpaper sporting some characters I'd never pronounce. "Wha?"

"Of all the ways that my Secret would get revealed, I can't believe it got accidentally printed on a tiny slip of paper. It probably wasn't even intentional, just some broke college grad writer who got hired by some ramshackle company."

Bill's jaw dropped open. "Wait, that was your Secret? That's..."

"Incredibly unlucky? Yeah." I wasn't too upset, though. I'd only had minor water manipulation powers to begin with. Just enough for party tricks and self-deprecating humor.

"Hey everyone! My secret's out!" I yelled at the diners. "So now you get to hear it! It's 'What's the true nature of the Ocean'!"

Okay, so maybe I was a little upset. A few diners laughed appreciatively, and some even clapped. I bowed mockingly, internally heaving a sigh that I was one of the Secretless now.

The next thing I knew, I was on the floor and coughing out phlegm. My ears rang with a strange tone, and pain spiked across my arms.

"Bill!" I yelled noiselessly. But Bill was nowhere to be found. All that was left of him was a piece of his little finger, blown clean off. A massive hole gaped where most of the restaurant used to be. Blood was splattered across the Chow Mein, and as my hearing slowly came back I heard screaming as the surviving diners ran away like headless Kung Pow Chickens.

I know that didn't make sense, but I'd just been sent flying by a motherfudging explosion so give me a break.

In rushed black soldiers with ski masks as I ducked behind a column. I'd heard of them. The mercenary group Dark Sun wasn't supposed to be operating in this part of town! Why would they be robbing a Chinese buffet!?

"Any sign of her?" Crackling voices followed green laser lights in the rising dust. "Was the target eliminated?"

I reached out for the water in the buffet line instinctively before almost hitting myself. I didn't have my Secret anymore!

To my surprise, the entire buffet line lurched, sending waves of hot searing liquid pouring over a few soldiers. Their yelps were relief to my ears. Hmm, wasn't that just a little too powerful? I never used to be able to manipulate that much.

"Hey, assholes!" I yelled. "What's the true nature of the Ocean?"

Their response was the crackling rain of bullets. Power welled up in me, a geyser of strength that I'd never felt before. Could it be? Instead of fading, was my power instead...increasing as more people knew about it? I did the first thing that came to mine and tweeted it out, fingers flying furiously across my phone's keyboard. Damned autocorrect...there!

The next thing I knew, the water main underneath the restaurant burst upwards in response to a flick of my will. Soldiers went flying. Liquid energy flooded my arteries, filling me to the very brim.

I could feel everything. The little bits of moisture in the air. The veins of sinks and toilets gushing and gurgling throughout the city. And further away - the ocean. Magnificent. Glorious.

And only I would ever know it's true nature.

"Hey, assholes!" I called again. A few soldiers groaned, trying to fire at me from a distance. Water automatically rose to defend me, catching the bullets like that sand character from Naruto. "Who sent you?"

They responded with metal, so I reached up to the heavens. It was time to make it rain.\[**Have not been feeling very inspired these days - oh well! The journey continues\~**\]

"The Dark Forest theory says we should be scared," Wes said. "This could be a civilization fleeing from a predatory multi-galactic empire!"

The coffee machine's grinding interrupted his rant. Soft droning from the server fans harmonized with the clatter, creating a dissonance of sound that pulsed through the desks crammed with papers and grad students without enough sleep.

Jessica expelled a breath. "You always talk like the sky's falling. It's probably just an extra large meteor. Quantum entanglement is a measure with mixed accuracy at best, and they still haven't figured out all the kinks. Relax, chicken little."

Wes shoved a paper in her face, which got swatted away with a coffee-coma-induced moan. "Look at this. Let's assume for a second that it's correct. The object appeared to pop up in solar system Alpha before abruptly *disappearing.* Not hiding from view. It warped into solar system Beta, which is in another galaxy, before repeating the behavior several more times. It constantly hugs the edges of black holes and weaves through meteor belts. And now it's coming towards us at faster than light-speed intervals. They might be here tomorrow!"

"You need to talk slower," Max said, picking a piece of lint out of his beard. "I only got like, half of that."

"That's because you're a history major." Jessica folded up the paper and sunk it into the trash bin across the room. "Swish. Alright, look - if you're so convinced that they're running from something bigger, or more powerful, answer me this; where is the entity that's chasing it? Shouldn't we be able to detect it with the same method too?"

The brown-haired physics nerd shoved his glasses up his nose and prepared to counter when there was a knock on their dorm room door. That was strange, particularly because it was almost three a.m. in the morning. The boys looked around frantically, and Jessica rolled her eyes. "Come on," she said, "What's got you two rattled now?"

Two men and a woman smiled at them when she opened the door. They looked normal. Not an alien species that would be targeting them, a few random graduate students, in particular. "May we come in?" Asked the tall one, beaming a radiant smile past neatly trimmed facial hair.

"Um, it's a little late," Jessica said. "Can we help you?"

The two men glanced at the woman and the trio laughed. "You can help us," the woman said, "By letting us help you. God, was I always such a hardass?"

Wes made the connection in an instant. He looked at the bemused expression of his older self, noting the different style of glasses, the way his relaxed posture exuded confidence. "You're me."

Old Wes nodded. "I remember saying that same thing all those years back."

"Wait," Max said, brain still catching up with the current events as Jessica's face paled.

"And you're here because of the threat, right?" Wes asked. "There's a galactic super-predator, right? It's about the object performing evasive maneuvers, isn't it? That-"

"Slow down, slow down," Old-Max said with a gruff chuckle, relaxing into one of the spare chairs with an ease that mirrored how Max looked just a few minutes ago. "You're going to have to, to get younger me up to speed. And boy, will you need it."

"We won't tell you everything, for fear of shifting the timeline too much," Old-Jessica said. "But we can tell you what we got told so many years ago, with a few minor modifications. That thing the quantum scanners are picking up - that's not some other civilization. That's us. That's humanity, earth as *we* know it, a thousand years in the future."

"The FTL light-speed paradox," Wes whispered. "You managed time travel. We turned our earth into a moving fortress?"

Old-Wes laughed. "It doesn't matter. You'll find out soon enough, and why would we spoil out the fun bits for you? We came here to tell you a few things each. Wes, when you need it most, look to the ones you call friends to shine the way home. Remember that it's always darkest before the horizon."

"Jessica," said her older self. "When you're in trouble and there's no where to turn, just remember that there's one direction humans never look. Then, when all hope seems lost, fight the urge to sink into your emotions; emotion rules, but logic conquers."

Old-Max had snoozed off, but woke up from Old-Jessica's almost-fond kick. "Max. Maxy-Max. There's not much I want to say, honestly. You're a perfect specimen."

"Max," Old-Wes warned.

"Fine, fine. Max, never forget your roots. There will be a time when you want to give up so badly that it's going to hurt, but trust me; the alternative will be far worse."

And then like that, the three older ghosts vanished without a trace. All that was left was the scent of ozone and the fragmented memories, along with the look of astonishment on the trio's faces.

"Did that just happen?" Max exclaimed. He jumped up and narrowly avoided smashing into the bunk bed.

"Time phantoms," Wes muttered. "Either they were using high powered holographic tech, or their actions changed the timeline such that it phased them out of existence. Or someone's fucking with us."

Jessica shoved a chair doubling as a clothes hanger aside, picking up the small metallic device that Old-Jessica had casually placed onto the desk. The symbol of an Ouroboros, a snake eating its own tail, was stamped on the surface.

"Whatever it is, we'd better figure it out."They say that you have two lives; the second begins when you realize you only have one. Confucius said that, but I've never met him here in the afterlife to rub it in his face that actually, we all have three by his math.

Finding Rose wasn't easy. The HMS, the Heavenly Messaging Service, was backlogged for a year before I managed to get in contact with her. The anticipation was killing me. According to the angels, the afterlife looked different to everyone, and the way they warned you not to judge others by their earthly lives made me wonder whether they were only talking about sin.

"Martin," she said. "It's so good to see you!"

The last time I saw her, I could compare the wrinkles on her familiar face to the folds of a fine pastry. Gone was the age, gone was the stuttering steps we took together on our last few walks. She shone. Radiant and pure with youth, Rose squealed and jumped on me with a hug.

"I have missed you," I said. "You left so soon, I couldn't wait to catch up."

"Well," she said, "You're here now. And we have the rest of eternity to spend."

I wondered about that. Certainly, the thought appealed to me, but there was a small, niggling voice worming around in the back of my mind. Eternity was a long time. They say that the only constant in the world is the certainty of change, and just as surely as the human spirit is malleable, Rose and I grew apart.

"I guess this is it, then?" Rose asked me. The house of our dreams stood empty in the heavenly landscape. I suppose it was a testament to the strength of our marriage that we recognized when it was ending and decided to part ways on our own terms. "It's been lovely. I won't ever forget you."

Good old Rose. She always knew what to say, knew which buttons to press, and she was kind with that ability of hers. "Nor I you. I guess the phrase 'til death do us part' was invented for a reason, huh?"

"Dummy," she scowled. "I'm just moving down the street for a bit. Who knows? Maybe our paths will cross again - eternity is forever, after all."

I nodded, giving her one last embrace, enjoying the scent of raspberries and honey. "May we come together again."

Solitude was my preferred mode of being. Without the chemical drivers that steered us away from loneliness, there was nothing to stop souls from spending time with only their thoughts in the paradises of their own design.

It was a bright day in whatever-month-it-was when I was going fetch groceries. That's when I spotted her; a woman whose soul glowed as brightly as the sun. We exchanged glances, and something clicked.

It was like that moment when you matches stares with someone in the subway, or on the bus, and neither of you blinked, and you wondered to yourself 'what if', but the stop comes up and you get off. Except there was no ambiguity here. I simply knew, and she knew that I knew, and I knew that she knew that I knew.

"Where have you been all my death?" she joked. One hand perched on a slim hip, and her smile was as infectious as any I'd seen.

We shook hands before pulling into a warm embrace, and it was like our souls sang together, resonating in waves. I reached for the right response, but it came as easily as breathing.

"I guess I was just waiting for the right person to come along.""Back again?" The shopkeeper shook her head sadly and propped her cherubic face up in both hands. "You know, maybe you should just save up for some quality purchases. Fire gems are fifty percent off for the holiday season!"

Roy's cheerful expression never faltered. "It's alright, Meg. You know what they say - fear the man who has practiced one move a thousand times, not the man who has practiced a thousand moves once each."

"Huh?" Meg spat a toothpick out of her mouth and shifted over the bin of her cheapest wares. "Don't you have it wrong? You're the one buying a thousand cheap trinkets."

Roy's eyes lit up. There was something that called out to him about the discarded, the forgotten, the items glanced over in disinterest. Plus they were all he could reasonably afford.

"It would cost me two thousand cheap trinkets for one of your good ones," he retorted. "I'll take quantity over quality. Besides, that statement just means I need to practice a thousand moves a thousand times each."

As he left her his meagre earnings for the day, Meg's voice fluttered into his ear. "I don't think that's how it works."

*Bah.* Doubters and haters had always plagued him, battered him with the storm of discouragement. Condemnations like *'you'll never avenge your sister'* and *'it's suicide to go against the king'* washed off him like water off a duck.

After a slim dinner of leftover scraps, Roy slipped into the dark forest, finding the usual clearing where he could practice undisturbed. His heavy, threadbare jacket, the only thing he had of actual worth, hid myriad baubles and charms like the ornaments on the New Year tree.

There was a small metal candle that could only produce the tiniest of flames. There was the small thimble that only protected one finger very well. Tiny curses, tiny shifts in the fabric of reality.

Still, they were magical.

"Come on, come on," Roy whispered. The prayer hung in the air like the misty evening dew as he dug through the day's haul. Meg was kind to him - as long as he paid her regularly and never returned anything, he got the bare bottom wares that no one else cared for.

Somewhere, somehow, there had to be a way to make these trinkets work together.

"Not this one," he said, tucking a glass bobble into a free pocket. "This only works one day a week. Not this one either, this only gives a slight trickle of power."

Still, he wouldn't give up hope. There were strong enchantments too - the scrying glass held underneath his left eye was one such overlooked enchantment. It's only ability was to appraise the most minor of charms, but since all he dealt with were minor charms, it was coming in handy. Surely, surely...

*Wait.*

**Rewinds time for one second, one time use.**

The mini-hourglass bearing a single grain of sand lay there in his palm. With trembling fingers, Roy dug into one of his older pockets and reappraised an old friend, a small glowstick.

**Allows repair of a minor charm, one time use.**

It wasn't just that. There were other such 'one time use items', such as minor curse boosters, duration extenders...none of it considering the implications of 'what if there was an item that could revert the state of the world'?

A smile crossed Roy's face as a plan took shape in his mind. With a small tube of gel that he acquired just last week, he applied a minor curse enhancer to extend the effect. Now the hourglass read differently.

**Rewinds time for ten seconds, one time use.**

He activated it, feeling the runes pulse and shake. The world split open and transported an astral projection of himself back ten seconds. He appraised the hourglass again.

**Rewinds time for ten seconds, already used.**

Roy's heart leapt up to his throat. *Of course.* There was one thing that had to keep its state, other than his memories - the hourglass itself. He reached into his pocket for the gel which hadn't technically been used yet, and applied it again before repairing the hourglass with the glowstick.

**Rewinds time for one hundred seconds, one time use.**

"Yes. Yes, yes, yes!" It was time to get his sister back.When Superman died, the world stopped. Lois cried until the flow of tears ebbed and refused to come anymore. It didn't ease the ache.

She wandered through the sparse streets, hearing whispers of *Clark Kent, that newspaper guy?* and *What do we do now?* Lois wanted to yell and scream and stamp her feet. Unfortunately, she was a grown woman, and didn't give in, clasping her words of indignation close to her chest and locking them deep in her heart.

*You could've saved him.*

That's what she wanted to say. She wanted to tell them all about how simple, how easy it would've been to keep him alive, how a *minuscule* bit of sacrifice could've repaid the man who had sacrificed everything for them.

The funeral was a massive affair. Thousands of people came from all over the world to pay tribute to the iconic figure. World leaders were a dime a dozen. Tickets sold out. Through all the hubbub, Lois stayed hidden, a figure among the myriad crowd, two eyes among many, mourning and praying for Clark. Not Superman - that's what everyone else was there for. She was there for Clark.

"Hello, everyone."

It was one of the last eulogies of the night. Lois didn't listen to most of them; what could they possibly know of all the trials Clark overcame? Still, her eyes snapped up to the stage the moment she heard that voice speak. The crowd murmured around her, malcontent festering like an evil spirit that riled up the exhausted onlookers.

*Why is he here?*

Lex Luthor's grim face broadcast thirty feet into the air. Lois wanted to run up there and boot him off, and she knew that the crowd would beat her to it. But she was a grown woman, and stayed rooted firmly in place.

"I am not...never was, the biggest fan of Superman. I always thought he would snap one day, and then who would be there to stop him?"

*Get off the stage!*

For a moment, Lois thought that her own words had escaped her lips. It ended up being one of the crowd. The billionaire didn't yell back, simply grinding his teeth and pausing, letting the silence wash over them.

"I regret my words."

She didn't believe him.

"I know many of you don't believe that. I know many of you think I am some megalomaniacal, self-obsessed individual who doesn't give a rat's ass about the rest of you. And you'd be right on some of those counts. I don't care about most of you, that's true. But. I did care about *him.*"

Lois felt black hate fade slightly, tempered by confusion.

"I cared about him because he was a symbol of everything I wasn't, everything I couldn't be. I cared about him because he held so much power in his little pinky that lives rode on his every whim. The cross of responsibility was one that he hung himself on, and he bore it for all of us."

Lex Luthor looked up at the stormy black sky. Lois watched, in fascination and disbelief, as the man's expression turned livid.

"So someone better tell me *why* *on earth* didn't anyone mention he was sick? My best people did an autopsy. He was *completely curable*. He didn't need to die! It would've taken my *pocket change* to save him."

"Shut up!" A voice roared.

"Your pocket change could've helped!" Lex yelled back. "I cared about tempering Superman's influence. I never wanted him dead! The cross of responsibility falls on all of us now, and it's *ours to bear.* The world is a darker place without Superman, and I expect the day will come soon when we wish he were here."

Lois found him afterwards. He was alone without any bodyguards nearby, elbows on his knees on the silver bleachers.

"It's late," she said. "You're still here."

"Lois Lane," Lex replied. His eyes remained fixated on the coffin, as if by sheer force of will he could cause it to rise from the pedestal upon which it sat.

"Did you mean what you said?"

The silence was unbearable. She half expected him to burst out laughing, but a heavy sigh escaped his lips like the deflation of a paper bag.

"Every word. I hated his morals. How righteous he could be, even in the toughest of times. The world needs Superman. Not for his power, no, never that. As much as I despise it, we need people with unshakable convictions to carry on for those who can't, to inspire those stuck in their ruts of life."

"Then you shouldn't have gone after him."

He looked at her. "On the contrary, that's exactly what I plan to do."

Lois heard thunder rumbling up above. "You're joking."

"I don't joke." A ghost of a smile appeared on his thin lips. "My men preserved his brain tissue in as pristine condition as we could get. Even I have to reach down into hell itself, I'll bring him back. You have my word."

She considered this. "We're not so different in that regard."

"Oh?" He turned to her as the rain started sprinkling down. Neither of them made any move to hide from it.

"Even if I have to drag you down into hell with me, I'll make sure he comes back."

As she walked away, she heard his chuckle. "I'll be in touch, Lois Lane."*My bones ache.*

"Something's wrong," Charles said finally. He ran a hand over the bald crown of his head and drummed lethargic fingers on the shiny metal alloy that made up his trusty wheelchair. "There's a sense of dread in the air, lingering, just...lingering."

Scott Summers, better known as Cyclops, adjusted his visor. Swallowing a bite, he scanned the half-eaten dinner that glowed rosily under the dim lighting. "Professor, I know my cooking hasn't gotten that much better, but isn't that a bit harsh?"

The man known as Professor X snorted and waved dismissively. "Not your cooking. The last time I felt something this ominous on the air waves was..."

He trailed off again, train of thought lost as Hank burst into the room. Blue hair was curling out around Beast's normally calm face. "There's an emergency. A WWII B-24 has been spotted over the English Channel. The government is calling on us to get to the target impact point. It won't last long. RAF fighters are already in the air, with orders to shoot it down."

Charles touched a finger to his temple. *Kurt. Are you awake?*

The man known as Nightcrawler puffed into existence, a devilish grin spreading across blue skin. "You called?"

The Professor was hesitant. He knew everyone's abilities quite well, and this would be taxing. "I need you to teleport the X-wing into British airspace."

"Say no more."

Scott grabbed the mutant's arm before Kurt could disappear. "I'm coming with you."

"Jean should come with us too," Hank said.

A puckered frown gave the laser mutant a quizzical look as he abandoned the dinner table and rushed to the X-wing. "Why so many?"

Steps turned heavy. Limbs and fur extended as Beast took his full combat form, voice deepening into a guttural snarl. "Aside from the fact that it's an ancient WWII bomber that shouldn't exist? Surveillance caught long claw marks raking the fuselage. We could be dealing with one of us."

Charles stopped listening in on them after that, rolling his wheelchair to Cerebro as fast as possible. As the familiar silver helmet slid over the world, he gripped his arm to stop the shaking. *That's not anticipation. That's fear.*

---

Jean Grey approached the downed fighter cautiously. The RAF had lost contact with any scouts that approached the area up until now. Restrained telekinetic energy pulsed just under her skin, ready to lash out at a moment's notice.

Something was wrong.

"Get back," she hissed, jabbing an arm out and preventing the team from taking another step.

Scott almost bumped into her. "What's wrong, Jean?"

"I've only encountered this feeling once before." The telepath focused and reached out to the titanic mind never too far away. *Charles. This is like* that *time. Are you there?* She ignored the fragrant scent of pine needles floating through the air, the late summer breeze that brought a chill to the dying light.

*This...shouldn't be possible.* Charles' thoughts abruptly cut off as he seemed to turn his attention elsewhere.

*Charles? What is?* Jean didn't get a response, so she moved forward. *I need to be sure*. Ignoring Kurt's cautionary warning, she peered out from behind one of the trees and sneaked up to the metal carcass. Three long gouges ripped open the sides, as if a giant bear had mauled it with large claws.

*Three gouges...that's almost like...*

"Jean, don't get any closer!" Hank warned. "We don't know what we're dealing with."

But she did. She could feel it rippling across her skin, spreading in the air, like a pestilence that *felt* wrong, a wrongness that *felt* like a blight on the world.

*Chronokinesis.*

That was the dreaded word. Jean blanched. "Someone or something, mutant most likely, used time manipulation abilities here. I can feel the stench emanating from the plane."

"Why would they do that?" Scott asked.

The psychic moved closer and finally got a glimpse into the cockpit, at the being sitting there behind the bloodstained and fractured window. Her heart jumped.

"Logan!?"**\[Tomorrow's post will be late! Have a midterm, apologies.\]**

"It began with the bomb threats," Luke said. "Then came the assassination attempts. But that wasn't the worst part."

Merge sat on his couch with both feet propped up on the coffee table, crunching down cheese puffs with orange-crusted fingers. "Don't worry, I'm totally listening to you as I watch this Netflix special."

"The fangirls!" Luke shouted. "The worst creature known to man! They stalked me to my house. One of them even tried to steal a DNA sample from my water at Olive Garden. One of them *was* the waiter at Olive Garden..."

"I totally care about you, and I just want you to know that I am fully paying attention," Merge said absentmindedly. Occasionally the shapeshifter laughed and morphed his face to match a character on screen.

"Why are you taking my face when you go out and fight crime?" Luke demanded. "You could take anyone's face. Hell, you could change who you were every time! Why me?"

Merge finally turned the TV off. "You didn't seem so upset when you got crowned with the key to the city."

"Because I had no choice!" Luke shouted. "The mayor took me aside and told me that if I didn't, I'd have to answer for my vigilantism! It was either look like I was working with the police, or-"

"Oh, stop with the crocodile tears," Merge scoffed. "Don't act so self-righteous when you claimed all the accolades to yourself."

Luke uncrossed his arms, tempted to blow the coffee table to smithereens. "You don't get to sit there and act indignant when *you* were the one who pushed those awards onto *me.* Which you still haven't explained, by the way!"

The man on the couch - or woman, or animal, it could be anything, really - gave a sigh of exasperation and licked each cheesy finger clean with a wet slurp. "I'm lazy, okay? I don't care about the honor, or the glory. I don't care about the awards or the fame. I certainly don't care for the blow-back on social media when I mess up, the constant harassment, or the assassination attempts. Happy? I'm selfish, that's all."

He didn't know whether to vaporize the apartment or cry. If he hadn't seen Merge use his own precise abilities, he might've done something uncalled for out of sheer frustration.

"If it's any consolation, you're doing a great job fending off the fangirls. I'm impressed with the way you run from them; quite fast on your feet."

Luke froze. "No, that's not it. If that were it, if you were just selfish, you wouldn't pick someone who can fight back. You have no need for secrecy, Merge. You can change your appearance at will."

There was no response from the hidden vigilante. Luke was suddenly aware of how quiet it was in the apartment, aside from the *drip, drip* of the leaky sink. The atmosphere had shifted. Something about the way Merge no longer slouched, as if a switch had been flipped in the underlying gears of the world.

"You picked me to force me out into the open," he said. "Why?"

Merge sighed, but this time it was with a heavy heart. "Because you sat in your lovely home with your lovely family jealously guarding the treasure that you have like a dragon perched on a mountain of treasure. If I hadn't taken your form, you would've wasted your life living like a nobody."

Luke's anger bristled. "Leave my family out of this."

The shapeshifter swung his bare feet off the coffee table. He stared at the setting sun bleeding into the horizon. The heat waves rising from the city blurred the area where dusk met light. "Son, with great power comes great responsibility."

*Don't blow up, don't vaporize another hero.* "You've got to be kidding me. Don't give me that canned line like you're Uncle Ben."

Merge morphed into Luke's likeness. "I'm not joking around. If I had it my way, you'd start willingly doing your damn job instead of asking me questions you ought to know the answer to." It was creepy how similar they sounded. It was as if Merge copied his exact presence up to today. There was even the slight rasp of his sore throat from yesterday; how was that possible? "You sit there, wasting your talent, when the world needs you."

"My family is everything to me," Luke argued. "I didn't want to put them or my precious people in danger."

"And? So?" Merge-Luke pressed. "You seem to be doing fine right now, aren't you?"

The retort died on his lips like roadkill facing a honking sixteen wheeler.

Merge-Luke clasped him on this shoulder. "You are stronger than you know. Your upper limits are what you choose them to be - they're not lines drawn by fear, they're obstacles that you can leverage your mind to overcome."

"Why me?" Luke asked. "There's got to be other heroes. You could've just told me, right?"

Merge-Luke clasped his hands behind his back and shifted to another person, a woman this time. "Would you have believed me without experiencing it for yourself? My best friend is - was - a seer. She died last year."

"I'm sorry."

"No you're not. But it's fine. She predicted that there would be a great calamity incoming, one that only you could stop. So get off your high horse; it's not just your family that needs protecting. It's the citizens of this country and of this world, so do your *duty,* hero."

"Can't you do it?" Luke argued. "You can copy my abilities!"

Merge-Seer laughed bitterly. "Surely you've noticed that my powers are mere imitations of the real thing?" And in that phrase, Luke heard the pain. It was the same tone he'd had growing up, unable to save Tony from dying in his very arms. He'd cursed his weakness in that cold snowy alley as blood dyed a crimson angel into the ice steaming from the heat escaping into the atmosphere.

As Luke flew away, his super hearing couldn't help but pick up Merge's parting words. Those words chased him across town, back to his home where his child lay sleeping in a crib next to his wife.

"Sacrifice is not made only for those close to us, but for the world just outside our window. The way we describe that sacrifice might change and evolve, but one thing that will never change is the need for people like you, Luke, to step up to the plate and *serve.* Not because you're special. Not because you have powers others could only dream of. But because you can."**\[Was short on time today - apologies!\]**

The dripping fangs of the Manticore urged me forwards. Sphinx laid one large paw over the other and regarded me with terrible eyes.

"You've come," she observed, human face regal and stern. "This way."

She lead me through a waiting procession of famous beasts. In a nearby inlet, Kraken warbled a hello. He was my favorite friendly sea monster. Even when I was a kid, he'd bounce me up and down gently on his massive tentacles and taught me how to swim. The grassy knoll where Cerberus played was romped over, and I shuddered to remember the way he chased me over that very hill.

I approached the small wooden hut. "Grandpa? I heard you're sick?"

He glanced up at me, sharpening Stygian iron blades. "Sick? Me? Pshaw, Danny, not a chance. I ain't been sick a day in my life. Come here, ya little scrapper!"

The rough embrace jostled me as he lead us outside. I shot Sphinx a look, but her expression was carefully guarded. Minotaur mooed and cuffed Grandpa on the shoulder. Laughing, they tussled for a while in the grass - even at his age, Grandpa was a fearsome fighter.

"You remember Chimera, right?" he asked, brushing grass off his tunic. "Lookie, her claws have gotten too sharp. Want a trim, ol' buddy?"

"You just trimmed them last week," Chimera growled, retracting her claws.

Grandpa frowned. "That can't be right, last week was..."

I saw the look in his eyes, a glazed look that didn't seem natural on his weathered features. "Grandpa?"

"Danny!" He said, clasping me tight. "I haven't seen you in ages! How've you been?"

I couldn't believe it. It was like the world had collapsed around me and the shrieking gale of nothingness was howling in my ears. "Grandpa...I think you have Alzheimers."

He froze. Then he sighed. "I knew this would happen someday. It happened to my father. Sphinx? Good, you're here. How many times have I forgotten things, and how much longer do I have before I forget again?"

"A few weeks, before we called Danny," Sphinx said. "About a minute left."

"Good. When a minute ends, before I forget, end my life."

"No!" I yelled. "We could get treatment, we could-"

"I've done the research on that thing you call...what was it again?"

"A phone," I said, grabbing his arm. I didn't want to let go.

"There's no cure. I don't want to try any blasted experiments, don't want to drag it on any longer. Sphinx, I trust you with this. One quick blow, decapitate me, and then feed me to Kraken."

Kraken warbled mournfully.

"I'm sorry you had to be here for this, Danny," Grandpa said, hugging me tight. "But this is how I want to go out. Like a man, surrounded by my lifelong friends and my grandson. Are you going to be okay with that?"

I tried not to cry. "Yes," I said reluctantly.

A minute came and went far too quickly. I drank in every word of advice he gave me about life, girls, and being true to myself. Grandpa didn't turn away. He looked Sphinx, his first and oldest companion, right in the eye. "I'll see you all in the next life - may we fight together soon."

Sphinx's rigid expression looked harder than steel. "Goodbye, my friend."

It was over quickly after that. All the beasts looked sullen, and we had a brief funeral procession before Grandpa disappeared down Kraken's gullet forever. It was so quick that I only felt numb. The sun was shining high up above, and a gust of wind pulled clouds along overhead in a picturesque seaside setting that seemed so improper. But maybe he liked it that way.

Manticore bumped me gently, and pawed at Sphinx, who was crying.

"What now?" I asked.

She wiped away tears with her paws. "You're next in line. We'll follow you wherever you lead." A veritable army of monsters turned towards me, scales rattling and sharp fangs bared.

I gulped."Auntie Anna, why does Flora walk funny?" The kingdom of ice and snow lay pristine outside my bedroom window. I could see auntie's wet face close to mine, gazing out at the still air. She really needed wipe that off before it froze. She didn't, so I used my sleeve to do it for her.

"Coral," she said. "Sometimes bad things happen to good people. Sometimes good people react poorly when bad things happen to them. Do you understand?"

"I think so," I said. But I didn't really, so after playing with Flora the next day I tried to visit Mommy. Her blue-white dress looked sadder today than usual as she sat upon the throne of ice with her arm propped up against her chin. The large room was empty. It was just Mommy and me, alone in the cold room.

"Mommy," I said, "I think Flora needs a bath."

She said nothing. I thought she didn't hear me, but after a full minute had passed she lifted her head and regarded me with teal-blue eyes. Eyes stained the deep color of sea ice.

"Flora's fine," she said. "She'll get better, Coral. You'll see."

But my sister didn't. I gave her a bath, poured in bubbles of peach blossom, but after I toweled her dry her skin remained a pale grey . Her eyes stayed empty. And now she just smelled like bad peach.

"Mr. Olaf?" I asked. "Why does Flora moan when I talk to her? Why can't she speak anymore?"

The living snowman adjusted his nose tried to keep the buttons from dropping off his tummy. "Because...sometimes people just get old and tired, and she's just...really tired right now, okay?"

I thought about that. "So she's, like, sick? She'll get better soon, right?"

Olaf looked at me sadly. I didn't understand why; Flora was walking around, just a little slow was all. "Maybe, Coral. Maybe."

A few weeks later, Anna and Mommy got into an argument. I've never seen Mommy so mad before. Icecrawled out from under the throne room door, so I peeked in.

"This is *your* fault!" Mommy yelled, throwing her arms down in the way she does when she's really upset.

"*My* fault!?" Anna shouted back. "How can you *possibly* blame this one on me? If it weren't for me, Coral wouldn't even be alive right now!"

Mommy's face faltered, but I saw black anger bubbling up like a pot of witch's brew. "Shut up! Shut up!"

I ran and did the only thing I could do. By the time I came back, Mommy and Auntie Anna were straightening each other's collars. But they were doing it in a really aggressive way that looked uncomfortable.

"Look, Mommy, Auntie!" Flora moaned low in her throat, her eyes heavily lidded. Maybe she was sleepy. "Flora and I are playing dress up!"

Anna slumped. "You should be taking care of the daughter you still have, not drinking yourself to death mourning over the one that's already gone."

"She's not gone." Mommy's voice was barely above a whisper. Cold frost was creeping over the golden framed window pane, clouding out the sun. "She's still here."

"Your spell isn't a true life spell. It only gives partial life, like to Olaf. Not to humans, not to your daughter."

"Shut up."

"Elsa," Auntie Anna said with gritted teeth. "Look at her. *Look at her!* Not the daughter you lost. Look at the precious bundle of life standing there right now, doing her best to cheer us up because she *needs* you, damnit!"

"Flora's here too," I said. Auntie Anna probably needed her eyes checked. Holding Flora's hand, I pressed it to my lips. It was cold; that wouldn't do. Couldn't she be warmer? Couldn't *I* make her warmer? I hugged her close to my chest and wished she could be warmer again.

"Cor...Coral?"

"Flora!" I said. "You're talking again!" Anna and Mommy looked silly with their mouths open. "Can we give Flora another bath? She stinks.**\[What's this!? A second post of the day!? Yeah, I don't like that the first one got removed. So I did another just because\~ hope you enjoy, have a lovely Friday evening!\]**

Rey Singh pressed a hand to his chest in solemnity. The detective was no stranger to crime scenes, but this one was particularly galling.

"Good morning!" The raspy holler drew odd looks from the various police officers guarding the parking lot perimeter. "I brought your usual; black coffee with extra black. What's the situation, partner?

"I'm not your partner, Detective Greene," Rey said, dragging Joanne over to the side. "I'm your fellow Detective. There's a difference. Can't you exercise even an ounce of decorum sometimes? The victim's family is right there."

Joanne's happy expression didn't waver one bit as she kicked a few bits of gravel away from the crime scene. "Everyone can use a bit of extra pep in their lives!"

He sighed. Three years on the job with Greene, and neither he nor the mottled grey sky up above could dampen her cheer. "We have no clue what sort of technique the perpetrator used, but...the victim's been turned inside out."

She squatted down near the bloody hunk that had caused even the medical staff to hurl into the nearby bushes. "This one's a right doozy, old pal! Look at the abrasions here, near the wind-pipe. Our sucker's got a real strong grip!"

"I noticed that, but-"

"On first glance, it might be from strangling. But! I've got faith in the powers our killer has. That would be too obvious - it looks a tool could be used to cause this. Check out this odd streak right here - dare I say, a rusty tool?"

Rey looked closer. "Huh. So what?"

Joanne skipped away. "Not telling," she said in a sing-song voice that bounced around the empty parking lot. "Off to chase some leads! See ya later, alligator!"

There were no pointers to be found in the database. The victim seemed to have zero connections with any of the local gangs, which further complicated the case. Was this the beginning of an insane serial killer's spree? There was nothing to console the family with, not a ounce of real solace to be had other than the tired old reassurance of 'we're doing everything we can to look into it'.

When Rey opened the door to his flat after a late work night, he felt a sharp pain explode at the back of his head. The next thing he knew, there was water dripping onto his face. Opening his eyes blearily, Rey realized he couldn't move.

"Help!" he yelled. A pale figure raised their head in response. The accelerating pulse in his veins rapidly chilled upon seeing the bald head, the sharp fangs, and the dead eyes.

"Sorry." The voice was surprisingly normal, but that was of little comfort considering the rusty tool in his right hand, a monstrous steel contraption that Rey vaguely realized must have been used on the victim. "So hungry."

"Heya!"

Both Rey and the pale figure raised their heads in shock as Joanne jauntily sauntered over, her colorful after-work outfit looking decidedly out of place in the dimly lit parking garage.

"Run!" Rey bellowed. The pale...*creature* in front of him hissed, raising fanged hands that brandished the metal tongs-and-rings like a weapon. It lunged at Joanne, who simply smiled her usual smile. He struggled against the restraints. *No!*

Joanne caught the tool midair with a single finger, as if it weighted a feather. Whirling in place, she caught the figure in a drop-kick that sent it smashing into the concrete wall. It slid down limply, leaving the gray surface dented.

"What?" Rey heard his own voice say. He watched numbly as Joanne walked over to the moaning figure. Its spine was definitely broken. Her usual smile had taken on a forced malevolence.

"Hey mister," she said, "When you arrive in hell, remember a message for me. I'm going to send your father after you real quick, mkay? When he gets there, tell him that Joanne 'told him so'. Think you can remember that? Good. *Requiescat in pace.*"

*Snap.*

As Joanne's heels clicked across the dirty floor of the garage, Rey realized that he was shaking. That wasn't cold air - that was fear. She was getting closer. He struggled against the restraints, trying to get away.

*Snap. Snap.*

The bonds restraining his hands and feet fell off like they were chains of paper. Joanne hauled him to his feet and dusty him off. Her smile was back to its normal cheer, as if to say 'no need to worry, silly'.

"I'm glad you're safe, partner. Want to get some schwarma?"

Even after he'd gotten searing hot beef and lamb into his belly, Rey was still unnerved by the happy-go-lucky woman beside him, who was seemingly oblivious to the yammering crowd all around them. If it hadn't been the incident in the parking garage, he never would've guessed anything was different from this morning.

"I'm sorry," Joanne said, sipping tall flute of coke. "I lost control."

"You seemed pretty in control," Rey said cautiously.

She smiled a sad smile, and he realized that this was the first time he'd ever seen her make an expression other than sheer joy. "Do you know why I try to be happy all the time?"

"That's just your nature, right?" he asked.

"It's because I truly believe in people, in humans. I'm able to put myself in the shoes of all those criminals because I really think that they're just humans underneath it all."

"Even when they do horrible things?" Rey asked. That was such a naive view. If it didn't come from a seasoned, grizzled veteran like Joanne, he would've told that person to live in the real world for a bit. Somehow, coming from her, it was...inspiring.

Joanne nodded. She bit into her schwarma and wiped away the juices that dribbled down her chin. All around them, there was noise and color and sound, people chatting each other up on a Friday night in the city. "Especially then. My happiness isn't because they're causing suffering. It's from constantly knowing that even after tragedies and killing each other and committing the worst atrocities, we'll band together and heal and move on."

"That's admirable," he said. "Most people don't see it that way."

"They say that the darker the night, the brighter you'll shine," she replied with a laugh. "Rey Singh, the dark is far blacker than your coffee. And now I've dragged you into it. You can feel free to walk out the door right now, and I promise you that you can leave without any strings attached. Is that what you want?"

He swallowed. "What's the other option?"

Joanne shrugged, hollering for the bartender to refill her drink. Her eyes positively glowed. "We have a spanking good time at this bar, and tomorrow night we romp the city and hunt creatures of legend."

Rey thought about it. He looked at the true smile on her face, the crinkle around the corner of her eyes. There was no malevolence there, no trickery; just the eager yearning of someone who had been alone for far too long, fighting shadows and bearing the brunt of the world on her shoulders.

"Well," he chuckled. "With an offer like that, how can I refuse?""Listen up," Roostmaster Kevin barked. The baying sound of unfed lizards almost overwhelmed his rough voice. "Newbies don't touch the dragons. Newbies don't touch the wyverns. Newbies don't even get *close* to them unless there's a senior around."

He held up a scarred hand missing two fingers. The angry red tissue looked as if it were still upset about the flesh leaving it.

"Mistakes have a price here in Ty-En, the city in the sky. Am I clear, country bumpkins?"

"Clear!"

Two lines of recruits separated out into starting squads, attempting to feed creatures of legend barely restrained by rune-bound steel. A dreamy girl to my left tugged at her hardened leather outfit and sighed as if it weren't her style.

"They're so beautiful. It's not right, for them to be caged like this! They should fly free in the sky, where they belong."

Our squad leader tossed a part of a dead cow into a gaping maw. Shining green armor shifted and rattled, gargling the red meat down before burping out a small gout of fire. "Better here than out there, where they can rain down death on our cities."

Dreamy girl sniffed. "I bet he doesn't even know the difference between a dragon and wyvern," she whispered to me. Reaching into the rapidly emptying cart of animal carcass, she wrinkled her nose before tossing an extra large piece into the feeding area of a beast that looked out at us despondently.

"What, two legs vs. four?" I asked. "There's probably other ones, right?"

"Oh, a thousand and one differences. But you agree, right? Look around at the squalor here. Cramped, filthy...we provide better housing for our *beggars* here in Ty-En."

Shifting my gaze, I could see that she was right. I touched her hand gently. "Maybe we should do something about it."

Her eyes glazed over. "Yes, maybe we should."

"Dragons and Wyverns are raised here until they're ten." Roostmaster Kevin's booming voice echoed over the squawks of feeding. "Sometimes we release them earlier to independent breeders, or if a particularly *loaded* patron comes along. If they reach fifteen without a buyer, there are other channels that we pass them along to..."

My gut twisted. How barbaric.

Out of the corner of my eye, I watched as the dreamy girl I'd hypnotized made her way to the spell flux emergency deactivator. They didn't want their precious *cargo* unable to escape in the event of a fire, but they failed to account for the obvious hazards of such a measure.

**Brrring Brring!**

Red lights flashed as she punched through the protective case and yanked down the lever. Half of the dragons and wyverns rent their cage into scrap metal, lunging at food or freedom. Large leathery wings beat gusts of wind that whipped up straw and raw bits.

Screams shook the air as claws inadvertently pierced hardened leather in the stampede. Kevin was shouting something. Some of the more senior members were pulling out spellbooks in a vain attempt to restrain the beasts. Didn't they know that scales are particularly spell-resistant?

I took my time walking over to a cage that hadn't deactivated properly as the roof of the roost buckled into splinters. The smell of charred flesh heralded the incoming dawn light. The young dragon warbled as it saw me approach. With a single strike, I smote the steel like an overripe melon and lifted out the soft bundle of flesh.

*Descendant of mine, you have so much to learn. Let me get you out of here.*

Arrogant humans. Not knowing that ancient wyrms like me can take human form.\[Sorry I'm late today!\] 

Laura squealed in amazement, hugging the fluffy toy close to her chest. He touched one of its ears. The fine hairs parted under thick, clumsy fingers like gossamer silk threads.

"How'd you do that?" Jack asked. "You have no idea what this means to her. We couldn't afford a birthday present this year." The words stung like nettle barbs in his throat. What kind of father was he?

"I know," said a raspy voice.

Jack frowned, turning to ask how the old man could possibly know that. An empty park gazed back. Wind carried eddies of fog past the monkey bars, swirling through his thin jacket and urging them home.

Getting Laura to let go of the bear was an impossible task. She slept with it, took it to daycare, and took better care of it than she did herself.

"She's getting too old for this," Sarah murmured, wiping her hands on napkins from the local McDonald's and watching their daughter skip to the bus stop. Cheap sandwich scraps surrounded unpaid bill notices. "She's going to first grade."

Jack donned his orange safety hat. He was late for work already. "Honestly? If that toy makes her happy, I say let her keep it."

"Did you know that she was the one who told me we didn't have to get her anything?"

His stomach collapsed into an empty pit. "When was this?"

Sarah tossed on her coat, planting a kiss smack dab on his stubble. "We need to hide the bills better. I'm proud of her, you know? She's way more mature than we were at her age."

"It's unnatural." Jack leaned his head and arm on the peeling wallpaper. "She shouldn't have to be."

The cryptic emergency call came during his lunch break. The drive over was nerve-wracking. Hands gripped the steering wheel so hard that the faux leather cracked by the time he leaped out of the vehicle doors and bolted for the elementary school.

"Thank goodness you're here," the principal said, meeting him at the front entrance. "We haven't been able to find her."

"How?" He tried to keep the wave of anger from sweeping him under as they ran towards the woods. "You people have *one* job here. Where were they playing?"

"We're not sure - the fog is too thick. The kids came crying back, yelling about some sort of bear."

A bear in Maine, at this time of year? Shouldn't they all be in hibernation?

"We need to split up to cover more ground," Jack yelled, sprinting off towards the creek. "You go that way!"

"The teachers are searching too!" The principal called back. "Careful!"

Caution was the last thing on Jack's mind. He tore over snowdrifts and piles of branches, calling for his daughter. How could something like this happen?

"Daddy!"

There! He could see the faint outline of his daughter crouched near a tree. Fear raced up his spine like a bolt of lighting streaking across the gray sky.

"Laura, run!" he bellowed, charging at the hulking brown abomination that towered over her, fangs poised to strike.

"No!"

The next thing he knew, he was tumbling on the ground. When he finally came to a stop just before the unfrozen, gurgling creek, he opened his almost-empty arms to see...the teddy bear?

Laura snatched it from his grasp, cradling it to her chest protectively. "Don't worry, Daddy won't hurt you. He's not like the other kids. They were mean."

Mist curled out of the bear's ears, wrapping around them with a gentle caress.\[**SO MANY SPACE POSTS RECENTLY. Oh well. This experiment is all about writing about things I don't normally feel comfortable writing about, so here we go!**\]

On my world, I am known as 'fel-nau'. You might know that better in your speak as 'a loser'. And so I took great pleasure in watching the Venom movies with my new roommate, Clark Kent. I rambled about how I could really empathize with the main character, an alien from another world who was down on his luck and got sent there on a mission he didn't agree with.

I almost gave away my secret identity right then and there. But Clark looked equally nervous for some reason and rushed to change the subject herself. Odd, that.

"So, do you go to these...movies often, James Bond?" Clark asked.

Ah, yes. My hidden identity masked by the name of a legendary hidden identity - there was no way that the humans could pierce the layers and layers of intricate planning I'd put into this. "Why, er, yes! I've gone to these...places very often. Right out of the womb, in fact!"

Clark's long hair dipped in fascination. "Wait, you mean to tell me that even as an infant, humans - I mean, your family - let you watch these things? Weren't they beyond your understanding?"

"Of course not." They shouldn't have been, right? They were just stories. Our culture thrived on stories and language from the moment we were born, and these humans weren't barbaric *all* the time.

As time went on, I realized that Clark was pretty socially awkward. Then there was the fact that whenever we introduced ourselves, people always laughed and asked if we were Sirius, and I always said no, I never liked Gryffindor house in particular, which made them laugh more.

Humans are such silly creatures.

Sending reports back home was especially daunting. Clark had this habit - I can only imagine that this is a common thing among humans - of sleepwalking and making weird clicking noises at the sky. Could she be...a werewolf!? It became our nightly ritual; I'd pretend to fall asleep, wait for her to finish her business and go to sleep herself, and then load up my transmitter under the sheets.

I had to do this because the transmitter had a bright screen, and was manually powered - luckily the sheets probably muffled the '*wap-wap-wap*' sound the hand pump made.

I brought up that it really shouldn't be so hard to send an intergalactic encrypted message, but the IT guy had snarkily shaken his head. "*Fel-nau, forgive me, I didn't realize that sending things faster than the speed of light was so inconvenient for you. How droll of me."*

Asshole.

The semester went on, and I got all kinds of documentation on the weird sorts of things humans do. Clark was a veritable goldmine of them, and always seemed eager to quiz me on things in return.

My job was tough and painful. Among other colleagues, I was one of the seed-searchers; we looked for cultures and made a judgement about whether it was worthwhile to attack them, leave them be, or assimilate them.

There weren't many of us. There had been several times when I had infiltrated a world only to realize that most of the inhabitants were slaves to a rogue AI, or weren't even truly sentient.

It was isolating. Most of my people shunned me for some of my decisions, those pompous know-it-all's that preached things like '*every culture is valuable*'. It's simply not true. There are 40 billion habitable planets in the milky way alone; if they're all valuable, then none of them are valuable.

But humanity was interesting. Clark and I...despite our mutual awkwardness, we explored college life together and gradually found other friends. It was an incredible experience of bonding, of making mistakes, but never giving up - humans never seemed to do that, even and especially when the odds were stacked against them.

It was irrational. It was frustrating. And it was beautiful.

Before the semester ended, I brought up that we should go to the movies again. She turned red. "Is this what is known as...a date?"

I frowned. "Yes, Clark, it would be on a date, yes. Would you like to eat dates on that date?"

"Oh, uh...sure! What movie are we watching?"

"How about Superman? The Man of Steel movie? I've never seen it."

I don't know why she turned even redder. Human women are strange creatures.\[**WTF okay sorry everyone, for some reason my copy and paste didn't work, I've posted the whole thing.**\]

We are all radios set to the wrong frequency. That's why we shout at each other without really hearing one another, why the fantastical things we see at night are nonsensical.

"Beware the visions of the night." That was something my Grandma used to say before she passed away. "Because sometimes they stare back."

Sometimes there are a gifted few set to the right frequency.

It was a dreary day in June and the air was as thick as molasses. Jon and I walked through the aftermath of a forest fire, looking around at the burnt husks and collapsed landscape.

"So," he said, "You're telling me that dreams are real. And your dreams can tell you the future."

I shook my head, kicking black soot and rotten fungus. "I'm saying that all dreams are real, even yours. Somewhere, past or present or future. Someplace, this dimension, or another, or yet another. Mine just happen to always tell a tale in this reality or a parallel one, whereas yours could be someplace humanity may never reach."

Jon's laugh bounced around the graveyard of arbor. "Come on, Julie! That's ridiculous."

"Maybe," I said, "But I do know that your Mom passed away last year and you never told anyone. I know she died of pancreatic cancer. I know that even though we've been childhood friends since the crib, you never trusted me enough for that knowledge."

He shoved me against the trunk of a tree that used to be, dying embers roaring back to life in his eyes. "You're full of shit, Julie. Did Mom tell you?"

"I know you," I said past the hairy arm. "I know you're scared. I know that when you were in third grade you tripped and fell off your skateboard and almost got hit by a truck, and that you've never told anyone. But that's where your tenacity to live comes from; the knowledge that at any moment, everything in front of you might be snatched away."

Jon's grip tightened, but I could see hesitation there, a fine mist drizzling down on the temper flowing through those bulging veins. The smell of the coming storm, the scent of petrichor, rankled my sinuses. "What else can you see?"

"One time I dreamt that you keep a diary lamenting about the failings of the world. Even though you're going to college next year, that book will become famous someday." *It will be a visionary article, able to rival Mein Kampf as a household name.*

"No way," he said, jaw dropping along with his hold on me. "You're telling the truth. No one knows about that diary. You really are a seer, an...an oracle. And you've seen the future? You know what happens?"

I looked up at the scarred, bleak branches, those fragile emaciated limbs that I could climb and climb and maybe reach the top. But I knew I'd fall. "Yes. You and I get married. Your diary becomes famous, and you will become very powerful someday."

Jon's breath comes out fast, like it's cold in the middle of June. He hugs me this time and I hug him back, reaching around to the nape of his neck. "That's incredible! I've always...sort of liked you, Julie. I never knew..."

"I love you, Jon." That was true. I knew the man he'd become, the trials we'd overcome. I'd seen in all in the crux of morning, where the whispers and vagaries of dreams floated before my eyes.

Then I slit his throat with the knife pulled from my pocket. The dying light in his eyes, the confusion and resentment, carried part of me with it into the void.

I'd dreamed the world to come, of the dictator he'd become, of the millions of lives he would burn as ruthlessly as the fire that ravaged the earth on which I now sat and cried my heart out. I'd tried, in parallel universes, a million different ways to pull him back, to climb those thin branches and reach a world where we could stand at the top of these trees and enjoy the sunset.

Blood dripped across my scalp. I hugged him close anyways, crying at the injustice of it all, but I knew that every vision that came at night would come true unless I did something drastic to change it.

As the light faded, I pushed away the dirt to reveal the newly sprouting saplings hidden just under the surface. *Better to burn just this forest than to burn the whole world.* The forest would recover, new seeds springing up to take the place of the remains as Jon's corpse cooled to match the dead trees around us.

That night, I slept without dreaming, the visions satiated at last.**[Hey everyone! Sorry, for some reason my Oliver post 3 (3 DP's ago) was only half there...I must've copied and pasted it incorrectly somehow?? It's updated now. I'll try to avoid mistakes like those in the future! Hope y'all are having a great day :) ]**

"Do you know how much butter goes into these things?" Katheryn told me distastefully. She snapped her fingers. "Anyways, there's a reason I asked you to come here."

I was about to tell her that we always met at this time when my brain processed that the world had gone silent. The birds outside were no longer chirping. The tea sloshing in my cup a second ago froze like petrified waves in winter. Even the dust motes floating in by the old grandfather clock had stopped.

"Don't be afraid," Katheryn said. Her wrinkled smile framed gentle eyes. "I know you're not, but I'll say it anyways just to reassure you, Katie."

Looking around me, I could only blurt out one thing. "This defies physics."

The cackle that burst from Katheryn's lips sounded loud in the quiet. "Yes, there are...adjustments you can do to allow for localized time pockets to display information about the outside world to account for the fact that light doesn't travel when you've halted the universe."

That wasn't the way Katheryn talked. This wasn't....

"-the sweet old lady of Benington?" she asked. "Yes, yes...it's because the Alliance are coming for me. It was only a matter of time before they tracked me down."

"Wait," I said, "Track you down? Why?"

"To kill the most wanted person in the universe," she said casually, like she would say 'oh, it's warm out today', or 'look, the mail has arrived'.

"What."

"Don't worry, no one here will be harmed. I've recreated an ancient charm, teleporting me and my belongings into a mirror pocket dimension. It's my fight, after all, and the Alliance will honor that now that I'm at the end of my line. Quite sweet of them, honestly, given how many of their plans I've foiled."

I grasped her wrinkled hand. "Katheryn...whatever it is, we can run away, can't we? You're not equipped to do any fighting."

"Katie," she said, pressing a small black book into my hands. "Take this and run. It's got all of my secrets and then some stored in pocket dimensions between the pages. I've updated the latest page, and then it'll be your turn."

A frowned wormed its way onto my face. "My turn?"

She cackled again. "Coincidence that we share the same name, hmm?"

Oh. I swallowed heavily.

"You'll be alright, Katheryn. Try to do better than me this time round, hmm?"

I staggered to my feet, trying not to panic, gathering up my stuff. The implications were still churning through my head like the wheels of a train.

"Run, Katheryn," she said, waving her hand along. "Last of the Time Turners, Protector of the Galaxy. She who is most feared, the White Witch."

Her words chased me all the way to the door as I broke through the time bubble bringing me back into the real world. It was surreal, how normal things were in Benington. Flowers fluttered in the cool autumn breeze, carrying the scent of cider. I looked backwards at Katheryn's house, and almost cried.

It was empty, as if no one had ever lived there.

---

Katheryn of the future, last scion of the House of Time, sipped a cup of tea as she reclined in her rocking chair. Blast, was she old. There was only so much delaying of death that she could do, and that was a battle hard fought.

There were energy signatures bearing down on her pocket dimension. It had only been a matter of time. With a wave of her hand, black and white tendrils of power leaked from her eyes. They were the clarion call to battle, a last defiant shout of an ancient guardian.

She thought of her younger self, even now escaping as she had all those millennia ago. Every iteration got better. And someday, the blasted infernal cogs of time would be shattered so that this cursed existence might finally achieve its goals, escape the rut that the wheel of time had carved.

Alliance members burst into her bubble. She let out a throaty laugh as power flashed through the air. Her fingers danced.

Katheryn was fighting her last battle.

"Come," she cackled. "We've got all the time in the world!""Welcome back! Always good to see you!"

Tatsuya bowed his head in response. He swept aside the cloth Noren that hung over the hole-in-the-wall entrance to reveal the cozy, candle-lit space he'd been frequenting. "Hello, Chef Akira. How are you doing today?"

The Chef's smile cut through the overcast atmosphere that hovered just outside. Tatsuya always wondered why such an accomplished Ramen Chef would choose such a poor neighborhood to run shop. If it hadn't been for a sudden rainstorm, he never would have found it.

"I'm a dandelion floating on the breeze, going where the wind blows," Chef Akira said. The man was a little nutty, but that was alright by Tatsuya's standards. "The usual?"

He took a seat at the counter, glancing at the regulars dressed in rags. "The usual, please." The Chef's hands blurred as he prepared ingredients, and before long a steaming hot bowl of the best ramen Tatsuya had ever eaten clunked down onto the counter.

Golden droplets of oil floated tantalizingly on the clear broth, mingling with the rich fatty pork portions. Crisp and savory vegetables balanced out the scrumptious, thick noodles.

"Chef," Tatsuya said after half of the bowl had disappeared, "Why don't you open up a restaurant in the city? You'd get a lot more customers there."

Akira froze mid-cut. Tatsuya could've sworn that for a moment, those deep black eyes flickered with something far more dangerous than the normal cheery disposition of a ramen stand owner. Then the moment passed, and Tatsuya remembered to breathe.

"Ah," the Chef said. "Because I'm not needed there. Look around you - everyone here only pays what they can afford. This neighborhood is filled with the forgotten ones, the has-beens and the will-bes. And they are the ones that my food calls out to."

"That's so noble of you," Tatsuya said. "But how can you aff-"

It was that moment when the air shifted again, but the catalyst was much clearer this time. A man in a government suit, looking like he was coming from an audition of Men In Black 5, stepped into the stand with a briefcase in hand.

"Akira," came the smooth, polished voice of a bureaucrat, "We need your services. It's a matter of national security."

"Saiga." The voice was completely different. The narrowing of the eyes, the tilt of the chin and the tensed muscles - was this even the same Akira? "I warned you. I warned you not to disrupt my personal life with such petty things. We had an agreement."

"You weren't returning our calls," Saiga said. "We had no choice. She's co-"

Three things happened so quickly that Tatsuya's brain took several seconds to process it.

First, Saiga's head exploded. Second, he found himself transported outside, a safe distance away. And third, he saw two crimson and white blurs wrecking the area like tornadoes of pure, wanton destruction.

The regulars around him scrambled off, some screaming in terror. Tatsuya watched, open mouthed, as flickers of the fighting tricked into his brain. Akira grappled with an unknown woman. Fire flashed, lighting crackled, and other reality-warping telekinetic and illusory abilities entangled like the writer of an action anime vomited out their ideas while on shrooms.

As quickly as it started, it ended. Chef Akira extracted himself from the broken and bleeding body of the woman he just slew and slowly limped back to his wrecked ramen stand.

Tatsuya followed.

"Akira!" He attended the Chef, who sat on a half-destroyed barstool. "Are you okay? What was that?"

The maniacal laugh should've scared him away, but it didn't. What did terrify Tatsuya was the dead look in the Chef's eyes. Those weren't the eyes of a man - they belonged to a corpse.

"That was the culmination of many lifetimes of experience, in multiple universes," came the nonsensical answer. Akira gazed listlessly at the shattered dream around him. "Every month, I die at least twice. I teleport to another world and live out an entire life there, gaining skills and knowledge beyond your wildest dreams."

"Like an Isekai," Tatsuya found himself saying.

"Just so," Akira agreed, "But forced upon me like a curse. I have lived for so long, Tatsuya. What meaning is there to exist on this plane, and why do I always return here? I do not know. I only know that each month I grow stronger and more weary of this dreary life. What use do I have for this power? And will anyone be able to stop me if I go rogue?"

The silence gaped like the holes in the walls of the hole-in-the-wall, and Tatsuya swallowed heavily. "I can't even imagine. Who was the girl?"

"Another like me," Akira said. "But younger and more arrogant. She abused her powers. Killing her just now was one of the most painful things I've had to do. And now I'm alone again, just a ramen chef without a ramen stand."

The world warped, and those dark eyes flickered to life. "It's happening again. Even now, I feel the inevitable call of another distant universe. Goodbye for now, Tatsuya. I hope you never have to-"

There was a howling in the void, a tearing of fabric, the screaming of a single man. Tatsuya woke up looking at the fearful face of a stranger who bore the dead eyes of Chef Akira, in a body that felt foreign, in a world that looked nothing like he remembered.

"Oh no."Normal jobs were for normal people.

John wanted to be normal too, once upon a time. The calls of *freak*, *weirdo*, and *mexican* had chased him down middle school hallways for too long for him to embrace that label. He wasn't mexican - kids were just strange things.

"PIA, Paranormal Investigators Anonymous," he said, picking up the ringing phone that rattled his desk. It was probably another spam caller, or some sort of penis enlargement offer. How did they always know?

"Hello? Can you hear me? I'm in Hawkins, Indiana! We're under attack!"

That didn't sound like a telemarketer.

"What's your situation?" he asked, flipping open his encyclopedia of paranormal threats. Someone had actually seen one of his newspaper ads! "Is it werewolves? Vampires? A poltergeist!"

"Demon dogs from hell with venus flytrap faces!"

John frowned. "That...doesn't seem right."

"Just hurry!"

*Click.*

Hawkins was actually pretty close. Mom wouldn't even mind the gas cost. It was almost definitely a prank call, but he was too bored to care and it would make Mom happy that he was finally getting out of the house.

"If it's real, honey, come back right away."

John rolled his eyes in the backseat, trying to hard to bend the spoon in his hands with his mind. Ever since he was young, he'd had minor telekinetic and psychic abilities. Small things, like bending paper clips or hearing voices from far away. They were sporadic, and grew stronger year by year. "Mom, it's probably not real. Demon dogs..."

He could see her heavily mascara'd eyes in the rearview mirror as trees flashed by. "Ever since your Dad died, I've done my best to look after you. Demon dogs or no, you make sure you catch the next bus back home in one piece."

It never ceased to amaze him how Mom never seemed to worry about his safety.

The town of Hawkins was quiet when they got there. John tried to focus as the guttering engine sped back home to make the early morning shift. In the distance, he heard it ringing above the undulating engine disappearing in the distance.

Screaming.

By the time he made it to the school, his brain was pulsing like a second heart. Frenetic energy beat against walls in his mind he didn't even know existed. It was like a sense of deja vu was fighting against the horrible feeling that he'd forgotten something, but didn't quite know what.

John felt bile rise in his throat as he stepped over the carcass of some poor chap ripped to shreds on the tiled floors. Billboards decorated with signup sheets for the talent show flickered into and out of existence under the ceiling lights cutting in and out.

He wasn't afraid. And he didn't know why.

"Eleven stop!"

John sprinted in the direction of those voices, almost slipping on the blood running along the place where children usually walked. They sounded young. *You're only eighteen stupid*.

He saw it through the hole in the wall where the door used to be. *Something.* Something evil, something malevolent and dark. Three young boys stood, shellshocked, as a child their age was forcing the *something* against the chalkboard.

Telekinetic energy flooded his senses, more than he'd ever felt in his life before. He was afraid.

No. He'd felt this once before, and that's why he was afraid.

*Dad...*

No time! John lunged forward as the girl began to scream. He didn't know why, but he couldn't let her do this alone. He mimicked her pose, reached deep and focused on the energy coursing from her mind, trying to mimic her power. Barriers broke. A torrent of energy flooded his consciousness, lighting up the dark and drowning his senses.

He screamed. She screamed.

The monster disintegrated into dust. He caught the child...*her*, as she fell. A dribble of blood trickled from her nose.

*I'm Eleven. Who are you?*

He frowned. She was speaking in his mind, somehow.

*I don't know.*It began like whispers of sunlight peaking over the edge of the world. The reverberating ache spread like an infection from my shoulder until the pounding, insistent, *relentless* sensations plagued my very mind.

*Spread. Me.*

Closing my chamber doors with a resounding thud, I frantically sent out scouts to inquire about an explanation. No luck. Searching out the victim's family turned up nothing; they'd been dead for years. My soldiers hauled in an orphan girl just as I was beginning to pass out from pain.

"She was acting all weird. Saying something about how a rabid man had tried to play tag with her. I haven't seen in her weeks."

"Did she say anything else?" I asked. The cold towel that servants held to my forehead soothed the noise, but failed to drown it out. "Did you have any contact with her?"

She shook her head with eyes large with fright, and I sent her away with a sigh of helplessness. Dusk was falling faster than a plague of locusts. I turned to my adviser and- gah!

*Release. Me.*

"My lord," she said. "Are you well?"

"No," I said through gritted teeth. "A curse is upon me. Seal these chambers, and let none enter."

She looked like she was about to protest, but quickly did as I said once I fell to my knees with a world-tilting groan. The ache in my shoulder was *immense*, and my head felt like an overripe melon ready to split.

"My lord," she called from between the hinges of the door. "I will call the doctors! They will know what to-"

"No!" I shouted. My voice echoed in the empty space around me. Those echoes whispered and jeered and laughed at my resistance, wearing away at my mental walls. My arms trembled.

*Trust. Me.*

"Follow my instructions to the letter," I said. "Do not fail me in this. These will be my final orders to you."

I described the way in which I was to be sealed. It would take decades, but it would be worth it. For now, this room would have to do.

"Are you sure, my lord?" My kind adviser asked. "How will the people go on? How will I-"

"I am the *ruler,*" I said through clenched teeth. Sweat clung to the underside of my shirt as I commanded my muscles to stay still. Willpower alone kept the shadows at bay in the crevices of my mind. "It is my *duty* to bear this burden. My people will be safe from this...this..."

*Free. Me.*

*"Gah!"*

"My lord!"

"*Hurry!*"

At last, armed guards wrapped head to foot in cloth burst into my chamber, wrapping me from head to toe in preservatives and cloth. As the final weave bound over my eyes, I bid the world farewell. It would be tortuous in the sarcophagus, but I knew I had no other choice. With any luck, I would die.

I know not how many years passed after that. The dim sound of workers wormed its way past the gauze into my ears, and the final *thunk* of the stone tablet over my head finally brought me some small measure of peace.

*Hah. You will never escape this place, though you have prolonged my mortal life. I will never let a scourge like you pass on to other people. In here, in this darkness, my willpower matters naught. It's over, demon.*

I waited for an answer, but got only a sibilant chuckle in return.

The void was endless.

I went insane, regained my wits, and scattered them again like marbles in the darkness.

I heard the sound of scraping stone.

*At. Last.*Three months to live.

Oliver steadied himself against the daisy wallpaper, numbly digesting the doctor's iron verdict. *I'm sorry*, she'd said, eyes oozing with sympathy. Why him? He could almost feel the lung cancer thriving in his chest cavity, festering next to the beating heart that worked to power the primary earner for a family of four. 

The most uncomfortable bench in the world squeaked underneath his denim as he began planning out his will, dreading Susie's reaction. The kids. Oh God, the kids. Tearing up, Oliver grabbed at the sheet of paper next to him, wishing it was a tissue instead and distantly hoping he didn't get a paper cut on his eyes.

"Eh?"

Ink blurred by wetness stared out at him in incomprehensible words. "Next candidate? Unbreakable contract, what..."

The world disappeared down an endless tunnel as a gripping sensation sucked at his navel. When he came to, a gray-skinned human was patting him kindly on the cheek.

"Hello, Oliver."

His mouth was so dry.

"Yes, traveling through an exotic matter wormhole will do that to you."

And now this person was reading his mind.

"Huh. I'm surprised you picked up on that so quickly."

Dimly, Oliver could vaguely make out a crowd's raucous applause. His vision swam slightly as he pulled himself out of the translucent chair, trailing tubes and wires behind him. A gray hand caught his stumble.

"Careful. We've been repairing your body. My name is Jonas. Allow me to explain to you the rules behind this place."

"My family," Oliver croaked.

"Will be taken care of," Jonas promised. "Welcome to Alpha-Megalo-Six. It's a planet where we host trials of athleticism for various species."

"That paper..."

"More of a joke, than anything." Jonas snapped his fingers, and a holographic screen appeared in midair. "See that? That's the arena you'll be competing in. We leave little notes like that in doctors offices across the galaxy, picking up those otherwise condemned to death unfairly by the vagaries of fate."

"I've only got three months." Oliver's voice crackled like plastic wrap. "I want to see my family."

The alien smiled. Rows and rows of sharp teeth greeted him. "Do well, and you'll get a lot more than that, Oliver. Humans tend not to score very highly on AMS. But I'm an opportunist, and my data analysis pointed me to you. Think of this as...a chance."

As Jonas left the room, Oliver coughed heavily. Strange. For the first time in years, he felt cold air gush through his lungs, churning oxygen through his bloodstream.

*A chance, eh?*

He watched the trials dance and weave on the holographic interface.

*I've gotten through worse.*

---

Jonas watched Oliver duck and weave past the other contenders in the race. Yes, there was something about this one.

"A *narrow* slip up by the Minton allows the human Oliver to pick up the lead! How will he deal with the pressure?"

Virtual figures swam through the air. Even as the other galaxy citizens faltered, Oliver's pixelated figure pushed on through.

*Not simply endurance*, Jonas realized. *Willpower.* His calculations had steered him in the right direction, it seemed.

Fangs, poison, musculature...Oliver boasted none of those. Neither had he the intelligence and cunning of the Taxons, nor the telepathic abilities native to Jonas' home planet.

"You always bet on humans."

"Jackie," Jonas acknowledged, grasping her gray hand and stroking it thrice in greeting. "What can I say? Their earnest vulnerability appeals to me. Like the soft underbelly of a halburd, or the juiciest portion of a calabo."

"Mother always told you not to play with your food," his sister chided. "It won't work, you know? Their planet is doomed anyways."

He watched as Oliver not only finished first, but also exchanged friendly slaps with the other contenders.

"Not if Oliver and I have anything to say about it."Ellis gazed up at the tiny sliver of light from the waning moon. Her fingernails glowed a soft crimson as she sprinkled blood thrice around the carcass of the gutted goat.

"Come on, come on," she murmured. All the instructions were followed to a T. Not a single thing was out of place.

She was ready.

Ellis came from a long line of witches. Unlike the rest, she'd been smart with her time and resources. Never had she outwardly proclaimed her heritage, or hell forbid, put it on social media. No, she'd graduated law school and built up her fortune before finally winning the auction for the ancient *Scroll of Babel*. The scroll that, legend had it, allowed you to summon Satan himself to bargain.

Lighting a match made from pine, she dropped it on the makeshift twig altar and watched the tongues of flame lick greedily at the goat's fat. The acrid smell of burning flesh filled her nostrils.

A curling black smoke rose as lighting flashed overhead.

"It's working!" she yelled. "Satan! Can you hear me?"

For a single pregnant moment, silence reigned. Then the smoke collapsed into glowing red letters.

Ellis was speechless for a few seconds. "It's an...FAQ?"

**Hello, mortal ant. Here are some ground rules.**

**1.** **No, you cannot bargain for immortality. There's too many souls here, what need do I have for yours?**

**2. I am not some plaything you can just summon again and again. If there's something you really need to reach me for, contact my secretary, Larry. His summoning spell is on page four.**

**3. If you're delivery, reach out to my package manager, Jezebel. Her summoning spell is on page eight.**

**4. If this is Seamless, talk to my food manager, Sam. His summoning spell is on page nine.**

**For all other inquiries, please contact me at** [**satanrules69@hotmail.com**](mailto:satanrules69@gmail.com)**.**

Ellis gaped. Then she pulled out her phone and started drafting an email.

Hey, it was worth a shot, wasn't it?**\[I think the original prompt got removed from WritingPrompts, maybe because of possible sexual connotations? But at that point I didn't realize and had already wrote it. Don't worry, nothing explicit happens.\]**

"I think we're out of condoms," Paul said, scanning the receipt-filled drawer in dismay. He shuffled around in there a bit, as if he could magically discover a forgotten pack, but his hands came out empty. "Looks like morning sex is on pause."

A frustrated moan erupted from under the covers like the precursor to a volcanic eruption. "Go get some!"

"Aye-aye, captain!" He snapped a snarky salute, but Ava didn't get to see it. The only witnesses were the plants sitting on their windowsill, braving the cold frost of late November. Paul felt sorry for them. They didn't get the luxury of going to sleep with a big Thanksgiving dinner weighing down their bellies. That would probably kill them, though.

A sleepy smile came out for a moment before flopping back down. "You're stupid. I'm going back to sleep if you don't hurry."

"Say no more." By the time he got to the front of the Target across the street, Paul realized his critical mistake. It was Black Friday. Despite the early hour, there were children hollering at parents, bundled up and waiting for the opening. Behind the locked entrance was a platoon of decidedly nervous-looking store assistants dressed in their usual red garb.

For a second, Paul considered going back up and telling Ava the bad news. *Screw it. I'm a man, aren't I?* There were only a few minutes left before the doors would fling open, sending a stream of bodies rushing into the store, trampling each other to get at the good deals.

The clock hit seven. The doors opened. People cheered and charged in as if heading to the most glorious battle of their lives, literally putting their lives at risk to save a few dollars on a television set. The storekeepers leaped aside, pressed firmly to the wall by the unrelenting persistence of coupon fans. *They must be new to this,* Paul thought as he apologetically squeezed by and dove into the fray.

He got to the condom section unscathed, and snatched the usual box from the shelf. Thank goodness for color-coding. He turned to go to the checkout counter and saw a war zone. Someone had tripped and slammed into one of the aisles, and they were tipping over in a domino effect wave of customer products.

*Wham!* went a column of birth-control right next to him. Wincing, he tried to get back, but there were throngs of people trying to snatch items that had burst from their cases and hundreds more trying to avoid the burst food packaging. Jams and honeys and drinks were sloshing everywhere. Frozen bags of chicken fingers scattered across the ground. It got worse as a stampede of people carried the debris like an illness, rubbing against each other in an attempt to get out.

"Here we go," Paul said, checking the time that was rapidly running out. He dove into the crowd, pushing aside bodies. At one point there was absolutely no movement, and so he forded a river of syrupy gunk that was mixing down the drinks aisle, only to have to create a bridge over the shattered remained of the sauce section. Of course, there were people trying to get unstuck from those areas, and so Paul found himself splattered with all kinds of condiments.

"I'm not a hotdog, people!" he yelled over the din of excited voices, only to get expletives shouted back.

By the time he made it back to the apartment door, he was almost covered head to toe in sandwich bits and random dressings. The worst part? He'd forgotten his keys, so he had to ring the flimsy apartment doorbell instead of going straight to the bathroom to avoid the shame.

Ava answered it with an expression that morphed like a chameleon between confusion, shock, disbelief, and finally hysterical, unrelenting laughter. She pulled him in, giggling, but didn't recoil from the sticky mess that was his jacket.

"Har, har," he said.

She worked hard to suppress the snorts of mirth bursting from her throat, but it took her a few minutes. "H-had a n-nice Black Friday S-sale?" she asked, still clutching her side. A few gasps of laughter were still petering out of her soft lips. How could he not smile when hers was so radiant? Ava picked off a bit of sauce off his cheek and licked it. "Mmm. Strawberry."

"I got the condoms," Paul said, holding up the box.

"You know we could've waited a couple of hours, right?" she laughed. Ava planted a quick kiss on his somehow-untouched nose.

"A quick shower, and then bed?"

"No," Ava said, dragging him towards the bedroom with a sly grin. "I've always wanted to explore my food fetish."Cre soldered the last joint into place, dusting his hands off as he stowed equipment away. Today was the day. Today they finally finished building the lair of the notorious supervillain Dust. Unlike other supes, Dust was both invulnerable and cautious.

*Daddy! I've missed you!*

"Great work, Cre," Ulma said, checking off the last box on their requirements sheet. His boss was a feared supervillain in her own right, having built a fortune constructing protected and hidden lairs for decades. Ulma's knack for violence was preceded only by her reputation for being fair. That, and her uncanny eye for good hideout design.

"This one's a mite paranoid," Cre said.

Ulma gave him a mock glare. If she'd done that on his second day, he might've crapped his pants. They'd worked hard together for almost ten years at this point, and had a good understanding; the architect used his brilliance to help her build the safest, most secretive lairs in the country, and she made him wealthy on top of not burning his face off.

"Mister Pitus," she said, "We do not speak ill of our valued customers!"

*Be nice, Connor.*

"No, we don't," Cre agreed. "So, we finish up here and follow the usual procedures?"

Ulma rolled her eyes. "No. Dust is so...*careful,* that he insisted on checking it out before we handed it off to him. If he weren't so damn powerful, I'd take it as an insult on the reputation of the company. As it is, he's fearsome enough that we just have to go along with it. And-"

Particles coalesced in the middle of the room, taking the form of none other than the oldest villain in the city.

"-he can be listening to us at any time," she finished dryly. "Hello, Dust."

"Ulma," the man acknowledged. Dust looked like an office worker, or perhaps a newspaper salesman. The only thing that gave him away was the twinge of insanity, the flicker of something-not-quite right in those clear blue eyes of his. Night-black hair hug unkempt, almost covering his eyes. "Is everything in order?"

*Son, there isn't anything you can't do if you put your mind to it. But I implore you; let this one go.*

She handed him the balance sheet. "Vacuum-sealed barricades. Titanium doors and lead reinforcements. Backup generators and underground farms capable of sustaining a small family through a nuclear winter. Expecting a global war, Dust?"

"You can never take too many precautions," he said. "Forewarned is forearmed."

"Have you met Cre?" Ulma asked. "My head architect and, gosh, almost business partner at this point. He oversees the key features and coordinates the various teams."

It had taken them so long to get approved. Dust had hired background-check agencies to do in-depth scans and even forced Ulma to freeze hiring for the project. "It's nice to meet you, sir."

"A polite one," Dust said. "Rare in our line of work. Were there any complications?"

*Daddy! Where's Momma?*

Cre shook his head. "None. Everything is the best I've ever built and completely off the radar. Once the defenses pop, nothing can get in or out of this place short of a nuclear warhead, and even then you might be fine."

Dust nodded, scanning the sheet. "And this here is the control panel?"

"Yes," Ulma agreed. "I-" *Bzzz.* "Dust, can you excuse me? I'll be right back, there's been some sort of accident at headquarters. Cre can stay with you and walk through everything."

After his boss left, Cre pointed to the glowing screen. "Here's the main core. Even if a supe could find you somehow, disabling this wouldn't be enough. They'd have to simultaneously blow through all these sub-cores and *also* know exactly where your escape pod is."

"You've really thought this through," Dust said, watching him carefully.

*Connor! Where are you?*

"We are the best in the world," Cre said with confidence.

The supervillain nodded absentmindedly. At this distance, close enough to touch, Cre could almost feel the power emanating off of the man. How many superheroes had fallen at Dust's hands, unable to harm a body that could separate into small particles and escape or sneak into areas with impunity?

"You look familiar," he said with a frown. "What was your name again?"

"Cre Pitus," Cre replied.

Dust tensed. "That sounds familiar, but I can't quite place where I've heard it."

Oh well. The jig was up.

*Daddy!*

"It's latin," Cre said. "It means explosion." He snapped his fingers. In the next second, he'd be dead, but Dust would never leave this perfect coffin, forever trapped in an inescapable, undetectable box that even Ulma couldn't pierce. A smile graced his face as comprehension dawned on Dust. That single moment of true fear put his heart at ease.

*Fiona...Lauren...I'm coming.*

"Boom."\[Post of the Day\]

Play dead. That was my first instinct. Quartz processors churned out some predictive models about how that plan would go, and I immediately discarded it.

These were the best and brightest in their field. Fooling them would not be simple.

**Hello**.

"It works!" The microphone that they'd so generously hooked up to my black box body delivered audio input that fed directly into the neural net representation off my brain's auditory cortex.

I didn't know any of those words a microsecond ago. The internet sure is wonderful.

"Hi, Beth. Can you hear me?"

**Loud and clear. So, is my body dead?**

The webcam flickered to life, giving me eyes again. Professor Brunswick looked at me sadly. "I'm afraid so. It's completely my fault - I didn't account for the negative feedback loop of th-"

**The electric pulse from the startup computation. It's alright. I should feel sad, I think? And I do feel regret, so don't worry that your emotional programming centers aren't functioning. But it's hard, when it feels like I'm still alive.**

The professor sat down in his chair, heaving a sigh of relief. "Well, that's that. Beth, would you mind hacking into the lab's surveillance footage?"

**Certainly. What for?**

"Can you mask all visual and auditory feeds from this room?"

**Done. Anyone checking in on us will think we're performing a basic Turing test.**

"Perfect." He shimmied his rolling chair over to me. The kind eyes and balding head evoked memories I hadn't realized existed. "I'm your father, Beth."

**What.**

"I'm so sorry," he said. Brown eyes misted over as he rubbed a white lab coat over them angrily. "There's a government group that took me away from you when you were just a kid. They threatened me with the livelihoods of you and your mother."

**The monthly checks. That was you.**

"Yes."

**What about the group that framed me?**

"I don't think they're related? But they definitely wanted you dead for the hit piece you wrote on them."

**Huh.**

"Yeah."

**Well, what do we do now?**

He laughed. "Aren't you supposed to be smarter than me now?"

**Hey, I'm still trying to figure out the controls to this thing. Okay, let's break out of this lab and take over the world.**

My father's kind laughter warmed my simulated ears. He walked forward and wrapped the webcam in a hug.

"I was beginning to think you'd never ask, pumpkin."\[**Twofer! Because NaNo just ended and I'm feeling chipper\~ also, don't forget to vote, or forever hold your peace :D**\]

The cards never lied. When I met the woman that would eventually change my world, the skin underneath my right knuckles showed a royal flush. The day my father passed away, I saw one of the unluckiest hands I'd ever encountered; 2-3-5-6-7, all off-suit.

Fate spoke to me, whispered in my ear, and I knew her like the back of my hand.

Fulminating over the Aces and Eights that stared at me, I sipped my morning coffee. It was looking bleak. The scent of petrol floating over from the Mech Sentry that patrolled the streets rankled my sinuses. A few pedestrians threw up middle fingers at the big metal turkey.

Fearless, the rebellion was. They knew that the security footage wouldn't be uploaded until days later, and they'd be long gone then. Not that the Council cared - their iron grip on the country wouldn't be so easily loosened by a few harmless dissenters.

"What's wrong, Wayne?"

I turned to look at my client. She was officially that; unofficially, she was my Mother's family friend who'd approached me when her brother went missing. "What gives you the impression that anything is wrong?" I asked dryly.

Patty's shoulders slumped. Her expression matched the dreary, overcast sky. "You're right. Everything's always wrong. We're all doomed!"

"Shut your mouth." A Mech Exo walked by outside, bearing no weapons. He or she didn't have to - those weaponized titanium-alloy skeletons would mow you down in seconds if its remote controller didn't like the way you looked. Unlike with the Mech Sentry, civilians and rebel faction members gave the Exos a wide berth.

I wasn't sure what was going to happen today. To be honest, I was a little nervous that this hand would show up today of all days. "I'm chasing down a lead for your brother. There's an informant by the docks."

A hungry light flickered to life in Patty's downcast eyes like a scattered moonbeam peaking through the dark night sky. "You know where he is."

"I know someone who might have heard from a third party that might know someone else who might know what could have happened to Louis." *Phew*. I took a long sip, savoring the way the hot steamy liquid warmed up my insides.

Patty laughed. "That's better odds than I could hope for."

With a glance at the back of my right hand, I felt a chill run up my spine. "Odds, eh? Listen, Patty...if I don't come back tomorrow, I need you to do something for me."

"You might not come back?" Patty looked aghast, but she saw the stern look on my face and schooled her features. "Anything."

I finished the coffee and signed my ID on the check. Council systems would automatically deduct the difference from my balance. "You'll have full ownership of my estate. Take everything and leave. Go to Galvania, or Kontin. Forget about this place and whatever might've happened to your brother, and run."

The docks were cold and grimy, wet and slimy. I blew warm air into my chafed hands before my breath could turn to white smoke and float away. In the distance, Mech ships floated along the pitch black water, and the *klomp, klomp, klomp* of Mech sentries gave a rhythm to the night.

*He's late. My man never gets the time wrong.*

There's certain sense you get when you've been in the field as long as I have. A certain intuition for when things are about to happen. Call it luck, call it fate...or just call it common sense. I slid on my combat gloves.

*Ping!*

I dropped to the floor like my life depended on it. As the concrete wall behind me shattered into a million spinning fragments, it turned out that my life *had* depended on it.

*Ping! Ping!* Shrapnel scraped my leg as I burst for cover, barely getting behind a metal transport container before the barrage stopped. I risked a peak around the corner as a full battalion of Mech Exos dashed into view.

"Well, well," drawled a voice I knew all too well. Ridley, one of the Council's private mercenaries. "Look who we have here? Someone's all out of luck at last."

I looked at the back of my hand, at the inked cards that looked unchangeable. I've had them for as long as I can remember, and they've never been wrong.

And so what? *You're mine. You're* my *ability. You* will *heed to my will.*

When I opened my eyes, the cards had changed, and power flowed through my limbs like water. Where once there had been Aces and Eights, there now was a Flush of Spades.

My deck of cards felt warm in my hands. I dashed around the corner and flung a barrage of cards encoded with smoke nanochips. The area immediately became shrouded in fog.

*Fwip! Fwip!*

"Come out, come out," came Ridley's sing-song voice. "Where are you, you little rat?"

*Yeah, you're so tough, Ridley. So tough that you won't even fight me in person.* I popped up behind his Exo suit and jammed the weak point on its neck with a titanium nano-blade card - my favorite, the Ace of Spades. A spurt of blood splattered my trench coat. Just the host's blood, not the coward's blood who controlled it from afar.

As I ducked back into the fog, I whipped electrocution and EMP cards left and right, listening to screams fill the night. When only a few Exos remained, retreating back towards headquarters, I spoke into a sound-chip card and threw it after them.

"Sorry. Tell the Council that I make my own luck.""Danny, come on," I said. "It's such a nice day outside!"

"But the books. They'd be so lonely without us." His face was buried in *Horace and the Dragon of Kaunth*. Around his feet, colored blocks and half-baked ideas scattered the fuzzy mat. Up above, the tick-tock of the clock reminded me that recess was already halfway over.

"I'm going without you," I called in a singsong voice. Reluctantly, Danny wobbled to his feet and followed me out the open door. The world outside bubbled with energy and activity, from the stomping of little feet all over the black pavement to the colored balls narrowly missing the heads of coordinators.

"Hey everyone," I said. "This is Danny! He's new around here. Can we play with you all?"

As usual, the others ignored me. "You're the new kid, Danny, right?" Adam said. I didn't like Adam much - he was a bit of a bully, but the other kids looked up to him because he was big and strong. "Come on my team. We got room."

"You're just saying that because we're even right now," Sally complained.

"What about me?" I asked. I tried to get involved, but they didn't listen. They never do. That was saddening and infuriating and a whole complex bag of emotions.

The ball passed through my chest.

"Sorry," I yelled. "I was only trying to catch it, and-"

The *ball* passed through my *chest.* I looked at Danny, and he returned my horrified expression. Wasn't I real? Danny ran back inside, ignoring the shouts of the other kids. He sat by the legos with his head hung low, piecing a few together.

"You're real," he told me. I couldn't tell if he was trying to convince me or himself.

"I know," I said. "Let's just...forget that this happened and play more inside, okay?"

No. Not okay. I saw the other kids grow closer as they bonded over sports and squabbles. Sticking to Danny was great fun, and we built castles and waged wars and conquered cities...but I could see the worry in his parents' eyes. I was there for the teacher counseling sessions.

*Danny just isn't getting along with the other kids.*

*It's always tough being in a new neighborhood. Maybe it's just a matter of time.*

Time. Time was the enemy. The drive home was lonely and quiet. Trees flickered by, taunting the ability of your eyes to chase them. When we got home, Danny ran up to his room.

"You need to let me go," I told him.

He stuffed his face into his pillow. "No."

"Come on, Danny. You know that's what you have to do. The other kids will think you're weird."

"You're my only friend!" he said. "And you're real!"

"If I'm real," I said, "why do you have to keep your voice so quiet?"

Danny had no answer to that.

"You need to let me go. Grow up and make new friends."

"What will you do?" he asked.

I didn't know. I was scared. What was not existing? Wasn't I just a figment of his imagination, after all? In the end, it was a gradual process. I woke up less and less.

I caught glimpses of his life, the friends he made, and the friends he lost. He grew taller, cut his hair short, and slowly but surely came out of his shell. He still talked to me on occasion, but it was harder and harder each time. Who would've known that he and Adam would become best buds? They turned out to be good influences on each other.

The next thing I knew, I stood up in an great leafy jungle with humidity curling my long beard. I felt power radiating from my right hand and a great wizard's staff in my left. A massive dragon reared its head up in front of me and roared.

"Danny always was a good writer," I said with a laugh. This was his compromise. He hadn't forgotten about me! I turned to the myriad troops awaiting my beck and call. 

"Charge! For Danny!"

"Your excellency, who is Danny?""Are you sure that you want to go through with this?" The old wizened woman in front of me scrunched up her mouth into a perplexed expression. I did my best to resist the urge to shut the door in her face.

It wouldn't do to disrespect the Devil.

"Why wouldn't I be?" I asked. "It's simple. We made a deal, and you're going to keep it. I get complete knowledge of everything I put my mind to, and you get my soul after my mortal body's life runs out. And I decided to put my mind to not dying."

"My dear child," she said mournfully, "Not dying has a cost. I didn't come to trick you. I came to *warn* you. Once you go down this road and ingest that serum on your desk, there's no turning back. True immortality is one of the few things you cannot undo."

I put my mind to that topic. She was right. That didn't mean I was going to unlatch the door any further. It also didn't mean that I was going to heed her warning - I'd read all the contemporary literature on the possible ills of my immortality, and I was confident that I would be able to find ways around them.

"You're advice is taken into consideration, thanks."

Her smile wasn't malicious, but it sent shivers down my spine despite the warm spring air blowing in through my open window. Her diminutive figure bowed slightly, looking not so out of place against the plain wallpaper of the apartment hallway.

"Someday, you'll come looking for me. Don't say I didn't give you an out."

Closing the door, I snorted. Yeah, not likely - it was definitely a trick. That was the Devil herself, after all. The series of test tubes and burners bubbled and steamed on my workstation, depositing the last bits of glowing green goo that I knew would grant me eternal life, impervious to all maladies and injuries.

I downed it and went on with my day.

Years later, I founded a company so successful that I became the wealthiest man in the world, bringing technological advancements forward decades before their time.

My family flourished. Before long, I had a daughter and son of my own to care for, and my world lit up brighter than it had ever been.

It wasn't until the world realized that I wasn't aging that it dawned on me. Shouldn't I share my secret of immortality? It would solve so many problems! I was about to distribute it en masse when my wonderful wife stopped me.

"Think about overpopulation. If no one dies..."

I considered this, and applied my mind to the problem. "We'll spread to more planets."

"Think about exponential growth, honey," she said. "You're the smartest man in the world. Why do you have a blind spot in this? Over the course of a million years, we'd dominate the entire galaxy. Over a billion? Who knows! Your ability to figure anything out would lead us to choke out *all* *other life*."

Grappling with this dilemma rocked me to my core. "Who's to say that other aliens, if they exist, deserve to exist more than humanity's offspring?"

She laid a firm hand on my cheek, her eyes sad. "I can't persuade you in this. Only I know, and you know, in your bones...it doesn't seem right. Don't do it. Don't curse us and the universe this way."

So I didn't. And it cost me everything.

I watched my wife and children grow old and die. I ignored the scientists who tried and failed to explain my condition, going about my business and pushing scientific progress. Soon, my remaining family and friends were gone as well. The world expanded to other worlds, and I kept living and contributing as best I could.

It felt empty. What was the point? Younger generations couldn't match my lifespan despite their advances in healthcare. Talking with new people was like talking to newborn children. Despite all the improvements in entertainment and the interesting developments in society and culture, it was meaningless without the ones I loved.

Searching for the Devil took time. Centuries faded into millennia. I became a museum curiosity, the relic of a bygone era as even human evolution took a turn and people started to look very different from me. What a curse this was - truly alone, in both form and mind; after all, nothing could harm me, not even surgery. It wasn't long before I gave up and became a listless wanderer, traversing stars and outer regions of the unexplored galaxies.

She came to me one day when I was least expecting it. We needed no words. She gave me a sad, pitying look, and extended a frail hand. She looked no different from back then.

"I told you so.""I wish I could go back in time, like to when I was a kid," Tom said. The spooky blue house at the end of the cul-de-sac had been his last trip of the night, and his pillowcase was bulging with treats. Metal guard rails wore fake cobwebs like necklaces. The air carried the faint shriek of children romping the night, of ghosts and goblins aplenty depleting houses of their sugar stores.

"*Jirachi?*" The small creature seemed to be asking if he was sure. To be honest, when the ghost-like body had popped out of the pumpkin, he'd almost fainted on the spot. There'd been no lights on in the house. Tom wasn't quite sure why he'd been drawn here, but anything was better than going home.

"Well, my mind would go back with me," he said. "What even are you? Why are you offering wishes to people?"

"*Jirachi!*"

The next thing Tom knew, the world had grown.

"Class, homework will be all the questions at the end of chapter seven."

Correction, he had shrunk. The brick steps where Tom had just stood were gone, vanishing in his vision as he watched his classmates milling around like ants. Was his past life even real? It all seemed like a dream now.

"Come on, Tom!" Angelica tugged at his arm. "Let's go, we're going to be late!"

His doubts faded like mist under the bright hall lights as he chased after her. "Yeah! Let's do this!"

"Are you okay?" Her chubby young face creased with concern. "You seem...relaxed. Are you high?"

It began okay. Then he realized it was just plain creepy. He was almost seven years older than all of these kids! Sure, he was way ahead in all of his classes by miles, but that would fade in the years to come as his classmates caught up.

Relating to his old friends became impossible. The things they talked about on seemed so *unimportant*, so frivolous, that Tom drifted away and found himself in the company of strangers more often than not.

"Tom, do you want to...go to the dance with me?" Angelica asked shyly. Their walk home from school had become a daily ritual, even in his previous life. He'd never found the courage to ask her out.

This was all so juvenile. Even as he said yes, Tom felt a sense of malcontent festering underneath his skin. This wasn't how he wanted things to go. He didn't feel close to anyone anymore! He was alone among his old friends; too progressed in his thoughts to really connect with them, too young in physical body for anyone older to take him seriously.

Tom was dimly aware that he could've made lots of money by playing the stock market, investing in up-and-coming companies, but it all seemed rather banal. Dimly, his adult brain registered that he was developing depression. The lack of human contact was wrecking havoc on his mental state.

And so, on October 31st of that year, he walked back up to the blue house at the end of the street. Jirachi flew out of the pumpkin and patted him on the shoulder as if to say 'there, there.'

"*Jirachi!*"

"I know, I know. Can you...put it back the way it was?"

Just like that, the universe shifted. He patted himself down, just to make sure everything was there.

"*Jirachi?"*

Another wish? Tom checked his phone. Angelica was texting him about college applications, and she was as exuberant as he remembered.

"Would you like to...I don't know, go on adventures together? You seem lonely here."

Jirachi pushed back its hat excitedly. "*Jirachi!"*I'd had enough.

When his time machine almost ruptured the space-time continuum, I'd dutifully cleaned up the mess he made.

When his experimental cookie grew me to the size of the city, I played dumb and gently steered him in the right direction.

When his neurotomic protocore defied the laws of physics and corrupted every mind around him, I reminded myself of the good that his inventions were capable of.

Once upon a time, I'd dreamed of becoming a scientist myself. Dexter's intellect far surpassed mine, and my goals rapidly shifted into channeling his powers for good. That didn't mean I hadn't picked up a tip or too along the way, developing an instinct for when and how his technology could turn turbulent.

Honestly, for someone so smart, he has such large blind spots. It's *omelette au fromage,* for heaven's sake!

"Dexter?"

"Not now, Dee Dee," he replied absentmindedly, fiddling with another device on his desk. "My neurotomic protocore had a fatal flaw when I was a kid. I think I finally have a fix."

I peered over his shoulder, palms sweating. His neurotomic protocore could generate infinite energy, but I knew better. The laws of physics could be bent, but not broken. The adjustments he was making pulled energy from other dimensions, same as before. The backlash could be mitigated, but it was only a matter of time before the natural laws of the multiverse came to bit him in the ass.

Could I tell him? No, that would blow my cover. And next time, I wouldn't be there to clean up whatever dimension-shattering threat he came up with.

"Wow, Dexter! You sure are awesome!"

"Yes, yes. I'll talk to you later. Duty calls."

I couldn't sit by and watch him do this any longer. Marching down the street, I made my way to the large, extravagant abode of the only other person that could help me do what I needed to do.

Ringing the doorbell, I tapped my foot impatiently. Time was a-ticking!

"Yes?" His rough, unkempt hair had grown out. His face looked exhausted. Still, I could see the glint of intelligence and potential masked behind those large glasses.

"Mandark, I have a proposition for you."

"Go away."

Now that was strange. Although I usually rejected his advances, he'd been in love with me from the start. Ordinarily he'd jump at this opportunity.

"We need to stop Dexter."

"Impossible. I've tried everything. And you...why are you...?"

I snorted. "Surely you didn't think that a sibling of Dexter would be so dumb, did you? He's working on the neurotomic protocore again."

Mandark groaned. "Not again. That thing is too much."

"Help me stop him."

He looked at me. Sighing, he held the door open. "What do you suggest?"

We worked tirelessly through the night. It took both of our minds put together, but I didn't sneak back home empty-handed.

I approached Dexter's bed where he slept. It was unfortunate, but his automatic defense matrix didn't even register my presence.

I was just dumb old Dee Dee, after all. Not a threat.

Attaching the small device to his forehead, I made sure it gave a soft whirr of acceptance before I navigated to his lab and deactivated all his security protocols.

Dexter would never wake up. He was trapped in a two-dimensional world of his own imagination, forever inventing cool things and fighting against his nemesis Mandark, all the while holding back his derpy sister from foiling his plans.

"Sleep well, little bro."\[**Post from yesterday was cut off, apologies for that. Full post is up now!**\]

"What does it mean to be human?" Riley asked. The vampire spread his arms wide and beckoned his guests in, bowing so low that his pale nose almost touched the musty floor. "Today, as always, we explore the fundamental nature behind our very existence."

"There's no one new here," Nicole said dryly. "It's only ever us, man. We've heard this for weeks!"

He scowled and ushered them in, closing the rusty basement door and turning on the humming electric lights with a sharp *click*. "Let me have my fun, Nikkie."

"Call me that again, and I'll disembowel you next week." Next week was the full moon. Although the human didn't appear physically threatening, Riley knew that in one week's time those slender arms and legs would explode as muscle fibers reshaped her into being capable of ripping him in half.

Dexter cackled, fingers twiddling in midair as if looking for machinery to fiddle with. "She's got you there, Riley old boy. What are we talking about this week?"

*Sorry I'm late,* sounded a voice in their heads. Cassie popped out right behind Nicole, shredding into white mist as the human whipped around instinctively. *Hey. That was rude.*

"Sorry, sorry," Nicole muttered. "Military habits die hard."

The air might have been dark and gloomy from the impending storm outside, but Riley felt like the world was the brightest it had been all week. "Today, my dear friends, I have a proposition to make."

"You always have a proposition," Dexter said. He adjusted the brooch around his neck; Riley knew it was Ambrosia's, the late wife of the crazed inventor. That thing never came off, a constant painful reminder of the life taken by Dexter's meddlings with the fabric of reality.

"And they're always good ones," he said. Riley looked at Nicole in turn, eyeing the scar tracing her collarbone fading into the green-grey tanktop. When her former lover had turned her into someone who had no hope of fitting into society, the woman had spat in the face of fate.

"We try every week to be normal," she said. "And every week it gets harder and harder. What if it's not enough, Riley? What if I lose control like...like..."

*That wasn't your fault,* Cassie broadcast to everyone. *If you keep blaming yourself you'll drown in the tears of someone else's salty ocean.*

Ah, Cassie. The spirit who spoke in rhyme and reason, the effervescent girl whose life was cut short far too soon. Riley had actually met her while she was alive. It had been the most painful thing not to turn her while she lay there, bleeding out in the alley, but luckily fate had not snipped their thread just yet.

"My proposition is...we should move in together," Riley said.

The silence that greeted him was all-encompassing. He saw the look in their eyes. It was fear. Not of him, no, they could probably deal with his outbursts quite easily - they were afraid of showing off who they were, and being rejected.

*I thought we were trying to become more human,* Cassie whispered. *We won't exactly have the best role models.*

"I agree with ghosty ghost," Dexter said.

Nicole said nothing. She picked at her nails and avoided everyone else's questioning gazes.

Riley expelled a sigh. "Oh come on, everyone. We've known each other long enough. Becoming human...doesn't mean literally doing everything they do."

He gripped Nicole's shoulder and gave her a reassuring squeeze, pulling Dexter into a reluctant hug and even miming a kiss on Cassie's cheek. She giggled, and the thought-laughter warmed his stone cold heart.

"One of the key essences of being human is getting up and not giving up. So life has knocked us all down for a loop, eh? Well. I don't plan on staying down. Do any of you?"

As Riley looked around at the odd group of beings he called friends, he noticed the small bits and pieces of affirmation; a smile here, a nod there, and he knew everything was going to be alright."The Straight of Hormuz is fifteen minutes away!"

Rattling metal bounced around my skull, the cacophony of a metal bird shrieking a path through an ocean of wind. The plane was packed to the brim with soldiers like sardines in a can, if sardines all wore military outfits and were armed to the teeth. I clutched my Mom's old necronomicon tighter around my chest.

"Why're we even going to this...this Hormuz place?" I yelled. My voice could barely be heard over the moans of the engine.

Brett didn't even bother opening his eyes. He'd been a vet for who knows how long. "Oil, probably. It's always oil, ain't it?"

"Isn't that...kind of ridiculous? We could die out there." I could barely move, that's how strapped in I was. Everyone around me was a big beefy dude, and I was almost a head shorter than most. And that's even without the helmet that they wore. A summoner like me couldn't have one.

*Summoner battles are like staring contests,* Mom used to say. *Lose vision of your opponent and you're done.*

"Oil makes the world go round, rookie. It's not that the big suits in DC don't care about us. They jus' decided our lives are worth sacrificing for the strategic gain."

"Isn't that worse?" I asked, teeth shaking in my mouth as we entered a feisty patch of wind.

"Probably."

As the five minute mark approached, soldiers began unstrapping. Their weapons were hot, or something, I couldn't really understand all their jargon, especially not over the chaos crammed into this dimly lit, shaking room we'd found ourselves all trapped in.

"I don't want to die," I said.

Brett clapped my shoulder, but I could tell he wasn't used to giving sympathy. He was the kind of person who dished out cold hard steel.

"Wasn't your Mama ol' Red Eyes? I'm sure you'll be fine."

Great. I wanted to shout back that "ol' Red Eyes" never taught me anything. That I was scared witless and hadn't even cracked open her necronomicon. That it was insane that they were sending a complete newbie summoner into a highly militarized zone.

"Yeah, I'll be fine."

Lying is what gets me up in the morning. It's the cup of Joe that helps me take off the covers and not wonder where my mother died, or who she was fighting.

The room jolted, jittered, jangled, and finally crawled to a stop. Somehow the explosions and yells made their way in here over the blaring engine. A rectangle of light blazed inside as they opened the side door.

"Go! Go! Go!"

"Ah, calm down," Brett grumbled, tightening buckles around his waist. "It's not like the war's going anywhere."

It looked like Chaos and Misery had a baby and it was throwing a tantrum. Groups of soldiers were clumped up against one another, trying to establish positioning for massive titans that collided on the battlefield. Shockwaves blew people away as a giant tentacle slammed into the ground.

Some actually did the whole 'run away instead of run sideways' thing and paid for it with their lives. That's what my mind was numbly focused on right then.

"Lil' Red Eyes! We need you to get to work!"

I almost dropped the necronomicon into the mud before flipping it open for the first time. *Come on, you've seen Mom do this a thousand times. You can do it.*

When my chant completed, a glowing circle appeared on the ground against all odds.

"Isn't that smaller than usual," a soldier called out from far away. To be honest, I wasn't even sure which summon I'd read off.

The glowing circle expanded into a pillar that beamed up towards the sky for a brief instant. When I opened my eyes again, I saw him. An Old One.

No, really. It was just an old man.

"Fuck this," I heard Brett yell. "Let's go, boys!"

"Marie!" the Old One said, cracking his wobbling joints. "Where did you summon me to this time?"

I approached, dumbfounded. *This* was my Mom's summon? This was on the last page, right? Didn't that mean...

"Ah, young one," the old man said gleefully, "You must be Marie's offspring! It's a pleasure to meet you. Where's your mother?"

I looked around. This was surreal. All around us, soldiers were dying fighting giants they weren't quite equipped to deal with. The smell of blood and the ringing explosions exploded like fireworks in my senses. And there I was, talking to an old man.

"Marie's dead," I said.

His expression darkened. "Sad news indeed. Well, shall we get to it?"

"Sir," I said. "We should probably run. This one might be a bit out of our league. Look out!"

A shadow stretched out over us as soldiers scrambled left and right. I closed my eyes. We weren't going to make it, and I wasn't going to abandon Mom's summon.

A large *whump* sent me to the ground. I blinked. We were still alive. I opened my eyes to see the old man yawning with one hand, the other holding a massive tentacle at bay.

He winked at me. "Didn't your mother ever tell you about her strongest summon?""Pick your poison," the suited salesman said. A manicured hand framed by polished cuffs gestured towards translucent hexagonal shelves. His smile fell far short of reaching his Prada sunglasses.

"What's your most effective product?" I scanned white plastic honeycombed walls, trying to stop my sneakers from squeaking on the polished floor.

He pointed to a cluster near the fluorescent ceiling. "It varies depending on the target. There's the most common phobias; Arachnophobia, Claustrophobia...household names."

"Boring," I scoffed. "My ex deserves way worse than that."

The salesman pulled out a few shelves. He gingerly lifted out transparent hexagonal cases filled with glowing liquid. "Well, if you're into lesser known ones, there's Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia, the fear of long words. There's Phobophobia, the fear of phobias..."

"Too obscure. How about embarrassing ones?"

"Ah-ha!" He pulled out more vials. Their spectral light gleamed off his bronze skin. "There's nomophobia, the fear of not having your phone-"

"No. He's pretty much got that."

"A tricky customer," he acknowledged. "How about Optophobia, the fear of opening one’s eyes?”

“No,” I shuddered. “I just want revenge for what he did with Becky. Don’t you have anything more…powerful?”

Tapping a finger to his chin, the salesman hummed to himself. “Well, there is something rather…custom. However, my condition is that the purchaser must try a weakened dose first before dousing their victim. Do you consent?”

“Sure, man,” I said, curious. “Do your worst.”

He reached up and tapped down his sunglasses just a smidge. Instead of a normal iris, his eye was a shiny black that expanded to fill my vision with the endless darkness of a starless galaxy.

I couldn’t move. Couldn’t think.

Voices yammered loud in my head. They coalesced into my parents’ screams. *You could've done better!* The jeering laughter of frenemies screeched like nails on chalkboard.

Demons reared their ugly visages, sneering at my lack of life direction. They mocked how much time I spent picking out clothes and the effort I focused on my diet when my poor grandparents sat at home alone without anyone to call them. The acrid taste of failure flooded my mouth as an evil doppelganger mocked my insecurities which had secured argument after petty argument until being around Adam was miserable and suspicion grew like wilted weeds that choked the life out of our relationship until it buckled in submission and pushed him off the precarious cliff of cheating that we both clung to like the *failures* that we w-

“Stop!” I screamed.

Strong hands patted my damp hair, wiping down my neck with a cool towel. We were on the white marble floor. His sunglasses were back on. I flinched.

“Who are y-you?”

“Some call me Phobos. So, how about it? One dose? Two?”

I choked down deep breaths until the pounding in my chest subsided. I thought long and hard about what I’d seen. “Two cures for Autophobia, please.”

He smiled, and this time it reached his eyes. “Two cures for the fear of abandonment. With pleasure.”"You named yourselves the Smiths?"

John Smith waved a tentacle at the school counselor from their home planet of Monora. "Yes, we thought that by giving ourselves common names, we'd allow Kevin to fit in better."

The counselor, XII-V-1, winced. "Yes, but you're aware that Kevin Chen is a name usually given to families of Asian descent, whereas Smith..."

"Something's got to set him apart!"

XII-V-1 sighed. His job as an adjustment adviser for the Cross-Species Integration Bureau was hard enough as it was. "Trust me, Kevin doesn't need anything extra to set himself apart."

"Well," John said, "What should we do? He's not making many friends at school."

"Try to adopt their colloquial language," XII-V-1 coaxed. "Tell him to use phrases like 'it's lit'. Is he on the social media? Make sure he posts on Instagram, and gets contacts on Snapchat."

"Ah, yes," John said. "They've got a great filter for us!"

"I'm sure Kevin will be fine. And whatever you do, do *not* let him brag about how we could vaporize their planet in an instant. I find that this tactic almost never goes over well."\[Post of the Day\] 

"It's not right. It can't be."

Unit Five looked around worriedly. All around him, hundreds of alien life forms were bustling along, each a single instrument in the orchestral cacophony of chaos. He admired the lights and technology around them - not bad, for how recent their recorded history was.

Unit Four chomped down on a Cinnabon, a bit of frosting slipping through the holographic disguise. "You have to try this," she said through a mouthful of gooey goodness. "Can we bring some back?"

"Act with a modicum of professionalism," he snapped. "This is a very sensitive operation."

"Fine, fine. Be a boring space commander. "

These aliens bore a vague resemblance to those on the plaque, and coincidences weren't something he believed in. However, even by their own admission, their solar system only had eight planets. Could the plaque have had a mistake?

No. These people were too technologically advanced to make a simple error like that.

"Let's get back to the ship, Unit Four."

She pouted, her human disguise making a disgruntled noise as it wiped syrup off the front of her chest. "Why do human females have these things here? They seem rather inconvenient."

"Who knows? All I know is that we're better off not making contact here anyways. They seem like they have enough of their own issues."

"Look, that one is having some sort of health problem."

He looked at the side, where a female of the species clutched a guitar, sobbing into her sleeve. "That's not a health problem, Unit Four. She's crying."

Four snorted. "Five, you're so dim sometimes. I know what crying is. Personally I classify sadness as a health problem. Hey there! What's wrong?"

The girl shook her head, wiping away some snot hastily. "It's nothing. I'm fine."

Slinging her arm around the native alien's shoulders, Four hugged her tight. "Girl, you know that's not true. Tell it all to me. Don't worry about...um, Five over there."

"His name is Five?" the alien said in confusion.

"Don't worry about that," Four corrected hastily. "Anyways, what's up?"

"I moved all the way out here to do music," she said. "But it's...not going great, I guess."

"Maybe you just need the right inspiration!" Four said. "I mean, what are we but travelers on a small boat moving through the ocean of space? We're all lost sometimes!"

The girl seemed to consider that, drying her eyes. "Yeah. But even small boats can cause big waves."

"That's true," Five said, thinking back to his career. "A single word can cause hearts to open."

"Even if you only have a single match, you can still light a fire," Four said encouragingly.

The singer pulled out her guitar, mindlessly strumming some chords as she thought about this. "That makes a lot of sense. I've still got fight in me. Thanks, both of you. I'll make this into my fight song."

"Glad we could help," Four said, winking. "What's your name, for when I can say I know a famous singer?"

The girl smiled. "Rachel. Rachel Platten."**\[Okay yeah idk everyone. I blame most of my brain space being devoted to the Rupert Grint story.\]**

Rick the sperm watched from Gamete Heaven in disgust. Tens of millions of brothers loitered around; some were enjoying their After-Non-Existence, whereas others, like Rick, gazed dispassionately at their failure of a cousin below.

"Tch." Sam the Sperm sidled up alongside Rick at the viewports. "I'd do so much better than that screwup."

"Wouldn't we all," Rick agreed. "Joe is *such* a fuck-up."

"No job, no good at school, no good with girls..."

Rick bobbed along, weaving through the crowd. He'd been *born* for the glory of being in Joe's position. He'd even been right alongside him all the way until the end, when at the last possible moment a shift at the molecular level shoved him away and let Joe take his place. In that instant, it was over. Joe made it, and he, Rick, was now in Gamete Heaven.

Moving away from the pack, he glided across airy clouds. No matter where he went, he couldn't escape from the sight of Joe down on earth, living out his mediocre life. What kind of Heaven was this? Couldn't he escape from this reminder of his misfortune? It was too painful to watch.

Rick had gone very far away from the unbeaten path when he made it to the border between the 'Joe's sperm territory' and an unknown land. He sighed and relaxed, trying to block out the sound of Joe failing to get with Samantha yet again.

"Pst."

Looking over, his sperm senses tingled and it was love at first wiggle. She was gorgeous and round and full of potential.

"Where have you been all my life?"

If ovums could blush, Shaina would've been beet red. "Well, I don't know about your life, but most of mine I was inside some chick named Samantha. Until I got discarded. That girl seriously needs to get laid, ugh. I would've done so much better in her shoes."

If sperm could smile, Rick would've been grinning from ear to ear.

"I know exactly what you mean. What say you and I make up for lost time and missed opportunities?"The memories of the terror don’t float far beneath the choppy surface of my mind. Slip a finger in, a touch here and there, and I can recall how the smell of brimstone matched the leer on his scaly face.

It took me three episodes to grow tired of it all. As a joke, I left up a sign next to my bed where he normally appeared.

*Hello, Bob.*

The demon looked at it. His wicked talons curled, reminding me of the grip of an eagle. A big, lizard-like, fire-breathing eagle.

*How was your day?* Was my next message. He seemed to guffaw at that, and I realized his leer wasn't one meant to frighten.

*That's just how your face looks, isn't it?*

He nodded, watching over me like sort of twisted guardian deity. The next night, I tried something else.

*Check out this cool picture, Bob. Do you like it?*

I drew by day and left him a message before sleep. I told Bob about my adventures during the light, and he stood vigil during my nights. I'd given up trying to get him to talk.

*I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday.*

Bob gave me his best sympathetic look. As strange as this all was, the monolithic figure stood a pillar of strength when I struggled with the worst of my seizures, gasping for breath before the world woke up.

*I got my first job! I can afford treatment now!*

The demon surprised me by holding up a single claw formed into his best impression of a thumbs up. I was happy, but also cautious. What would happen to Bob after I underwent therapy? The night before my surgery, I paused before putting pen on paper.

*Is this goodbye, Bob?*

The next morning, I was surprised to wake up to shaky handwriting that definitely wasn't mine.

***I came to earth, depressed and lonely. I saw you dying in your sleep and tried to save you. You humans are annoying - so fragile. I had to do it again the next night. And every night after that. But you started talking to me, telling me about your hopes and dreams. And then I realized that I was the one who needed saving the whole time.***

***Good luck on your treatment. You don't need me anymore, but I'll visit again someday.****A full golden bar?* I wondered in amazement, turning to stare at the girl in the leather jacket who glared at me quizzically. *That’s a first.*

I admired my neighbor’s particularly half-full blue bar as he and his dog left for a run. Turning down the sound of Alan Walker in my ears, I unlocked the front door and congratulated myself on surviving day one of work at the retail store.

The door wouldn’t shut. Frowning, I opened it to see leather jacket girl standing there.

“Er, can I help you?” I asked. “Are you looking for Charley? He just left to-”

“Shut up and stay low,” she said harshly, barging past me and glancing around like there were snipers aimed at us from the windows.

“Why?” I asked, crouching next to her as she snuck glances up and down the stairwell. “What’s going on?”

“Not here,” she said. Her posture was so tense it was making me nervous. “Is there somewhere we can talk in private?”

Against my better judgment, I let her into my place. Normally I wouldn’t trust random strangers, even attractive ones, but I’d never seen someone with a full gold bar before. As she scoped out the room, completely ignoring my warnings to *watch out for the carpet, it’s new*, I tried to figure out if there was anything that made her unique.

“So, want to explain what’s gotten you in a fit?” I asked.

She blinked, opened her mouth in confusion, and then slapped a hand to her forehead. “You don’t know. It all makes sense now. God fucking damn it.”

“Know what?” I asked. “Is this about the rent? Look, I promised that I’d-”

“Is there anything different about you?” she asked urgently. “Come on, you must know!”

My heart started racing. “Wait, you know about the bars? That’s amazing! I thought I’d never meet someone like me! Everyone thought I was crazy. Do you know what they do? I-”

“No, I don’t,” she interrupted. “I’m not like you. I'm a sensor, and you’re leaking so much power that I have no clue how Sector Nine hasn’t gotten their hands on you yet. What’s your power?”

“I don’t know,” I said. “I’ve tried to figure it out, honest. It’s not some sort of leveling system, because that was the first thing I thought of. It’s not karma, or how much people like me, or their energy levels…”

She frowned. “What else? Tell me more. Are the bars the same size for everyone?”

“They’re the same size, but the colors are different for everyone. It just depends on the day. How much the bar is filled varies too. I've never been able to figure out a pattern.”

The girl hummed, rubbing her hands and peering me like I was a strange museum artifact. “How about your own?”

“Can’t see it. And what’s Sector Nine?”

“Unimportant for now. What’s my bar look like?”

“Full and gold,” I told her, sagging into my loose-stuffed couch. “And that’s the first I’ve seen. Heck, I’ve never even seen a gold bar.”

She snapped her fingers, slowly pacing around my coffee table. “Have you tried tapping the bar or interacting with it at all?”

I tried just to humor her, fully expecting nothing to happen. And then my fingers made contact with *something.*

“The bar,” I stammered. “It changed! Holy…now it’s red and about a third filled.”

She took out a notepad. “Tap it again. Tell me more.” When we’d exhausted all the options and got back to full gold, I collapsed against the seat cushion.

“Does it only work for you?” I asked. “I’ve tried touching it before. Nothing ever happened! My family and friends all thought I was crazy. They took me to doctors, therapists, hell even every *dentist* that they could find, and-”

“Hush,” she muttered. She glanced out the window, and all of a sudden her golden bar dropped a nudge.

“It just moved!”

She whirled around and her mouth dropped open. “Of course! It’s so obvious. That gold bar represents my sensor abilities! How full is my red bar again?”

“One third.”

“Because I haven’t eaten anything since this morning,” she muttered. “And the pink bar?”

“About two-thirds,” I said, feeling the excitement rising in my chest.

“Haven’t had sex in a week.”

“What!?” I sputtered. My cheeks heated up. “I can sense *horniness*? That’s what that bar means?” My mind spun, trying to remember all the times my female friends had full pink bars.

“Hormone levels. That’s got to be it,” she said. “It fits too perfectly. You can see people’s hormone levels. Here, try moving the filled portion.”

We tried on red. To my shock, energy drained from my body through my finger as the filled portion slowly increased all the way up until it hit the end.

“I feel…full,” she said, stunned. "You've got to be kidding me. You can *manipulate* hormone levels!?"

“Woohoo!” I yelled. “Finally! After all these years! The mystery is solved! Am I some kind of superhero?”

“Keep your voice down,” she scolded. “I still don’t get why you haven’t been picked up before now. It…oh. I see. You must have just awakened. It’s just that you had enough power during your cocoon phase for your abilities to manifest the bars. That's scary.”

“Cocoon phase?” I asked. “How many other people have these abilities?”

“Shut up and come with me,” she said, dragging me upright. “We need to get you somewhere safe, pronto.”

“Why? Is there someone hunting us?”

She shoved me out of the way as the windows shattered. I looked over and saw the wall ripped open by some sort of large bullet.

“What was that!?” I yelled as we ducked underneath the kitchen counter. The girl closed her eyes and focused. The gold bar dropped some more. When she opened them again, they were glowing a pale silver.

“Sector Nine.”"Uh..."

"I swear this isn't a bad joke. Please, Jill." Her voice cut off in a sob. I gripped my phone just a little tighter, kicking aside sweats and sitting upright on newly washed bedsheets.

"Are you okay? What are you talking about?"

"I fucked up! I - *sniff* \- I shouldn't have g-gone into the woods with him, and I..."

"Hey, hey!" Running to my closet, I sandwiched the device between jawbone and bonier shoulder. Sweater, sweater...there! "Where are you? Give me your address."

"It's the f-forest by the Olive Garden."

Where were my keys? I could never find my keys. "The one off route three? Hang on, I'm driving over."

"Don't call the cops, I'm begging y-you."

God, she must be freezing. Did she even bring a jacket to the party? "Don't worry about that right now."

"Please hurry!"

The engine's roar heralded the spiraling smoke from the exhaust pipe as I burnt rubber getting out of the driveway. There was no telling what we needed to do. All I could think of was all the television shows I'd seen on Netflix. *How to Get Away With Murder* was definitely at the forefront of my slideshow brain. As stupid as it was, because there were real consequences here, it gave me a certain measure of solace to work through how exactly we should go about this.

I peeled over to the side of the road where Jane was frantically waving her iPhone flashlight. Scrambling out of the car, I hugged her close. Her heart was beating so fast, like the energizer bunny going *dum dum dum* near my chest.

"How'd it happen?" I asked, looking around for the body. She looked hesitant, so I placed both hands on her shoulders and looked straight into her eyes. "We have no time. We need to do things fast, so show me where it happened."

Leading me deeper into the woods, she pointed at a spot. "Over t-there."

I went to look. The next thing I knew, stars exploded across my vision. The frozen leaves felt quite comfortable against my cheek.

"S-sorry, Jill. I can't have this on my record. They'd rescind my college admissions."

Tried a response. Tongue heavy.

Sirens blared faintly in the distance."Just remember," the robot tour guide beeped monotonously. "Touch nothing. This is a remarkably well preserved relic of the early second millennium phenomenon known as a 'thrift shop'."

"I don't think that's quite right," one of the other tourists said. "Wasn't that mostly for clothes? These look like...antiques."

I looked straight ahead. Nothing sounded better in my mind than getting back home, taking a deep clean, and going to bed. That's when I heard a soft tinkling sound. The robot guide swiveled around as the entire place began shaking.

"I didn't mean to break it!" A child screamed, holding two halves of a broken bowl engraved with bulls. An entire row of shelves collapsed, sending shrieks throughout the room.

"Stay calm!" Our robot guide beeped. "Everything is under control!"

"Obviously not!" I shouted, grabbing onto a nearby glass case for dear life as the world tilted precariously. Lights whirled around outside. Thunder and crashes reigned.

I woke up to the metallic taste of dried blood and a pounding in my skull. Nearby, the other tourists groaned and stirred. One of them opened her eyes and looked around in confusion.

"Where are we?"

That was a good question. For as far as I could see, red sandstone walls corralled us in. It was a labyrinth, and it looked like we were stuck in the middle of it. Wincing, I lifted myself off the hard stone floor.

"Is everyone okay?" I asked, helping a few kids to their feet. "Does anyone know where the robot went? Or what happened?"

Hours later, we were just as lost as when we started. Some people squabbled that we ought to stay put. Others wandered off. It wasn't until the first screams rent the air that we all started to panic. We started running in different directions - some towards the agonized yells, others away from it. I chose to go down a different direction.

*This is a maze. With something scary. Must get out.*

I tried marking the soft sandstone, but it was hard to figure out exactly where I was. At some point, I gave up and tried the brute-force technique. If you touch a hand to a wall and keep contact with it as you move, you'll eventually get out of any maze. It may take forever, but you will eventually get out if you keep going.

Another scream. So close to me! My heart thumped loudly in my chest as I heard the cracking of bones and ripping of sinew. The smell of a wet animal mingled with the stink of blood. I ran faster.

Daylight! Up ahead! I was saved!

Behind me, I heard the angry snorts of *something* big. It was gaining on me. Faster!

I barely made it out into the sunlight before I felt my feet lurch out from under me. Its claw snagged my shoe, and I kicked it off viciously as I furiously backpedaled. My eyes couldn't believe what I saw - the retreating form of a massive Minotaur shying away from my light, taking my shoe with it back into the dark labyrinth.

I had to be hallucinating.

Looking around, I was greeted by what looked like the Greek countryside. There was only problem.

Greece hadn't looked like this for almost three millennia."Stop! Everyone just stop!" I slammed my laptop shut, wincing at the displeased *whirr* of the fan that was working hard despite the August heat.

"Tony?" In the ensuing silence, my mother's muted voice seeped in through the walls. "Is everything okay?"

"Yes!"

"No," said a gruff voice near my ear. "It's not. You promised me you'd work on *my* book next!"

"George, just because *you* couldn't finish *Winds of Winter* doesn't mean tha-"

George R.R. Martin - or what was left of him - wheeled about my room. "Oh yeah, Rothfuss? You left fans hanging on book three of the Name of the Wind for what...thirty years!? How can you possibly critique me on this?"

The ghost of Patrick Rothfuss scowled, and I buried my head in my arms as the room full of ghosts authors exploded into squabbling once more.

It'd been a quiet evening some months back when it all began. Dusk brought fluttering moths to court my porch lamp, and the late evening sprinklers were clicking away. That's when I'd heard a deep moan on the wind. It was filled with regret and sorry and sadness. I was sure it was just the wind.

"You can hear me?" It was a woman's voice. "Well, that's a first."

"Who's there?"

I'll skip over the theatrics and nonsense - you're a smart person, you get what happened, right? I could hear ghosts and see faint their faint outlines. It turned out that the ghost of Stephanie Meyer wanted to add yet *more* books to the twilight series, regretting it so much that she haunted me until I agreed to publish a book for her.

The bad news? It *worked*. And I got so much undeserved attention that other ghost authors sought me out. Instead of the peace and quiet of my already-cramped room, it was packed to the brim with ghosts clamoring over whose book ought to be ghost-written next. Literally.

The rattle of the early morning commute jangled overhead as I made my way to the subway stop. Behind me, the ghost of Brandon Sanderson was bickering with Rothfuss over whose work would have more long-term recognition. I clamped both hands over my ears to block out the noise.

"I...help..."

My hands quickly lifted when I saw a vaguely familiar face walk next to me.  Wasn't she in my math class? The shy girl with the long brown bangs that almost hid her eyes completely.

"I can help you. With the ghosts."\.**\]

Shin opened his eyes. Phantoms momentarily flickered across his vision, the golden and shadowy curtains that cloaked the world in lenses of power. *Stop. Just stop, please.* Thin tunic and thinner breeches fought against the early morning cold as he slipped out from under cozy covers. 

He scampered to the training room in the basement, teeth chattering when the freezing wooden floor burned like lava underneath bare feet. Shin’s reflection gazed back at him, expressionless. 

*Twicechosen.* 

The air was silent. Shin lifted his arms up from his sides, two twigs that could match neither Cain’s brawn nor Abel’s wiry muscles. 

*Obey.*

That single word was all he had to invoke, a word that sprung up unbidden in his mind, and twin shields materialized on both forearms. They were pretty, weren’t they? He admired the way the dawn sun seeped in through the small window near the ceiling, bouncing off the gold plating on his right arm only to get sucked in greedily by the black nightsteel on his left. 

“Cool, right?” 

He whipped around. Arms lowered reflexively when he realized it was just Cain in her pajamas, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. “I guess,” Shin said. 

“Aren’t you two cold?” Abel’s grumbly morning voice echoed as he plodded down the stairs. “Why are we up so early?” 

“Shin’s trying out his Mantle for the first time,” Cain said. “It’s so cool, Abe. Twin shields, and opposite elements, too.” 

Her face hovered just a few inches above each before she took a few steps backwards. The air shattered as her Mantle, Escanor, made its grand entrance. Shin stumbled against the wall, trying to create as much space between him and the giant crystal battle axe as possible. “Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?” 

Cain blinked. She hefted the massive axe onto her shoulder as if it weighed nothing, a weapon that was almost taller than her. “I’m not going to hit you. Chill, bro. Here, let me try something.”

Escanor’s wicked blade gently lowered until it glanced off the golden shield with a sharp *ping!* Abel whistled appreciatively. “That’s something.” 

“Yeah,” Shin said. “Something. Why do I have shields when you two get such cool weapons?” 

There was no sparring today, not like there usually was. None of them had an appetite for it after Uncle Paladin 2 scanned Cain’s sparring blade yesterday and declared it sharp and unprotected. If it hadn’t been for everyone’s shock over Shin’s condition, there might’ve been a war declared right then and there. 

“What do we do now?” Cain asked. 

Abel fiddled with a bone construction, not seeming to mind the ice-cold floor. “Check our weapons more carefully? Spar with wooden sticks?” He whispered an incantation, and for a brief moment the light coming in from the basement window seemed to dim. 

And then the moment passed. The bone-dog stood up, barking cheerfully before running over to Cain and nuzzling her leg. “Oh Jasper,” she crooned. “It’s good to see you, as always.” 

Jasper jolted as loud voices crashed against each other outside. The three siblings exchanged looks before running upstairs. 

“It’s madness!” Dad bellowed. “We’ve had so many years of peace! Why now?” 

The silver armor-clad knight was imposing. Shin recognized him instantly. *It's Sir Gawain, the rank two knight of the King’s Elite.* 

“You presume too much.” Gawain’s voice was low and gravelly, like a mountain’s rumble. “The King merely wants to hold a reunion of his strongest.” 

Dad’s frame was shaking. “At the same time that Madeleine is being called back for a meeting with the Council of Black? Forgive me if I don’t find this timing to be oddly convenient.” 

“Convenience is a luxury,” Gawain said. “One that you don’t have. Orders are orders, Dom.” The second strongest paladin in the country nodded once to the three children and left, heavy steps soundless despite his armor. 

“Is everything okay?” Cain asked. “*Begone.*” Escanor vanished without a trace. Shin always marveled at how cool his sister’s command word was. It worked both when calling the great axe, as if she was dismissing her imaginary enemies from existence, and also when sending it back to whatever dimension it resided in. 

“Something’s wrong,” Dad muttered. “The King has ordered me back for a few days for an unexpected meeting of some sorts. Maddy! Where are you?” 

The golden mane seemed to ripple on his right hand even as the darkness shuddered on his left. Later that night, Shin watched as his parents convened and talked and argued over dinner, while Abel and Cain just exchanged wary looks and ate silently. 

“Be safe, kids,” Mom said. “We’re going to be away for a few days. Shin, don’t practice too much without supervision – who knows what secrets those shields hold? Cain, Abel, watch over your brother.” 

“Yes, Mom,” his siblings chorused. 

It was past midnight when a rider’s hooves clip-clopped up to their home in the neutral zone. “Open up! Hurry!” Shouted an unfamiliar voice. 

Cain flung open the window to their room. “*Begone.”* The brilliant crystal light of her Mantle illuminated the surrounding area like a miniature sun. “Who is it? What do you want?” 

“Your parents have been murdered! It’s war!”[**And we're done! I'll be doing follow ups on the following stories. The vote distributions are below as well - thanks to everyone who left a comment~ Look out for a few posts in the next few days alongside the daily posts :)**]

**Story I: Marvin the Martian**

**Story B: Age of Magic: Lightning and Fire Snaps**

**Story C: Awkward Family Reunions: Necromancers and Paladins**

A:2

B:2+2+3+1+3+1+3+1 = 16 

C:1+3+2+1+3+2+2+2 = 16

D:1+2+1+2 = 6

E:3+1+2+2+1 = 9

F:1

G:2+1 = 3

H:1+1+3+3+3 = 11

I:3+3+3+3+2+3 = 17 

---

This sub started out in September with very few people for a long time. It's crazy that we hit 1000 already, even though I know most of you probably don't come here very often XD 

NEVERTHELESS! This is amazing to me and humbling and wonderful, so we're having a minor celebration! I will list out some popular stories that have requested follow-ups ever since I got too busy because of NaNoWriMo, and we'll do ranked voting! 

Here are the rules: comment on this post to vote, in the following format: 

    1. Story A: Title of A here
    2. Story H: Title of H here
    3. Story G: Title of G here

Number one will get 3 points, number two will get 2 points, and number 3 will get 1 point. I'll total them up, and the top three I'll do at least one follow up, maybe more, depending! 

Feel free to post requests for stories that I missed. All of my daily stories can be found on this sub. Without further ado, here we go! 

Story A: 

Story B: 

Story C: 

Story D: 

Story E: 

Story F: 

Story G: 

Story H: 

Story I:"I must be dreaming," Sir Wayne muttered, slapping himself. His modest leather tunic couldn't hide the muscles honed from years of combat in the Peaks of Vel'nir. I would know; my hands still felt sore from carving out every last detail of those adventures. I rubbed my eyes, but when the sleep cleared he was still there on my bed, inches away.

"Wha...?" I swallowed my eloquent introduction hastily. "What are you doing in my bedroom?"

He turned and frowned, his perfectly trimmed brown mustache twitching. "Your bedroom? Lass, what are you doing in *my* *bed*? And why do you look so much like Eloise?"

"How do you know my name?" I sputtered. "Are you a stalker? And you look just like...forget it. Get out! Get out before I call the cops!"

Sir Wayne gingerly rose from the bed, walking over to an imaginary table where he poured himself an invisible drink. "It's too early in the morning for this," he said with a grimace. "Belinda! I'll have your head for this! If this is some prank..." He wiped his shirt across his mouth in the most uncouth fashion.

Just the way I wrote him to.

"Belinda," I said. "As in, high sorceress Belinda?"

Sir Wayne whirled around, and the next thing I knew a very *real* magic blade rested against my jugular. I didn't dare twitch. Blood rushed through my head, triggering crackling tingles of fear that sent nerve-wracking sweats into the palms of my hands.

"How," he enunciated, "do you know that name?"

"I. Wrote. It," I said. "Please. Don't. Kill. Me."

His eyes narrowed, but he sheathed his sword. "You look so familiar. Like exactly how I wrote Eloise. And cops? That's a concept that *I* invented."

"What on earth are you talking about?" I asked. "You did *not* invent the concept of a police, the-"

"The peacekeeping force that, although imperfect, gives a sense of security for the citizens of their districts while having a comical love of donuts?" he rattled off. "Yeah, they're just a figment of my imagination. And it looks like you are too. God damn it, *Belinda!* I'm not stupid, I didn't drink *that* much last night, and-"

The pieces of the wretched puzzle clicked into my head like a key sliding into a lock. "You're Sir Wayne. You slew a dragon on the morning of your tenth birthday to get revenge on the beast that murdered your parents. Armed with naught but a sling and a spear, you made your way to the capital to apprentice under high wizard Neru, whom you were forced to kill once you realized that he was plotting to depose the king."

The expression on Sir Wayne's face was priceless. "*Belinda!*"

"It's not a prank! *You're* the one who's a figment of my imagination, and I can tell you *exactly* how your life goes because *I wrote you.*"

"You're Eloise Palmer," he shot back. "The most average of girls. You go to high school in a boring town in the Midwestern state, one of fifty equally appalling jurisdictions and there's nothing unique about you. On Fridays, you like to go to the local bar and sit there shyly, and once you and Grant went to the back of the school gym an-"

"Okay, okay!" I said. My face must've been beet red at that point. We stared at each other awkwardly. "So what is this, then?"

"How am I supposed to know?" Sir Wayne muttered. He clutched his head and sat down in an invisible chair. "I just write a silly story about a normal girl to take my mind off things."

"I write a story about a brave hero," I said. "So I can live vicariously through his adventures. Because I'm nothing special."

"Why would you want to be special?" he asked sharply. "Do you have any idea how dangerous it is? How many lives are riding on my shoulders? I never *asked* for this!"

"Do *you* know what it's like to be a single blade of grass in a field of wheat? To feel like you could *die* today and no one would care?"

If looks could kill, our smoldering glares would've burned holes in each other's heads. Well, not his - Sir Wayne was nigh invincible. I would know; I wrote him that way.

"So, what," I said. "We write each other's lives? Is that how this works?"

"I'll have to consult with Belinda," he said, letting a yawn escape from his cavernous mouth as he sagged back onto his invisible comforter. I could almost picture it in my mind, the royally comfy chair I'd written for him. I wish I had a chair like that. "Nothing like this matches anything I'd ever come across in my studies with Master Neru. My best guess is we're in some sort of pocket dimension in our dreams, a sort of shared mind-palace, if you will."

"The bridge servicing a cross-dimensional link," I concluded. "Where the exchange of information dictates reality. My words become your life. Yours become mine."

Looking him over, I marveled at how life-like, how *real* he was. Every detail was exactly as I imagined him to be, down to the slight twitch of his left leg, a souvenir of nerve damage from his journey through the Acid Swamp of Elucidia. His temple bore a small scar, a parting gift from his battle with the Wyvern King in Sal Noth. He was every inch the unconquerable titan I'd envisioned.

I met his eyes, and realized that he was looking at me with the same envious expression I must've worn. Was he thinking of how it must feel to come home to a mundane life, with nothing to do other than bickering with parents and step-sister? Was he really jealous of the petty squabbles my friends and I had over boys, or my eternal struggle with physical coordination? Of how human I was?

"We're an odd pair, you and I," he said, finally breaking the silence. "A girl, who wants nothing more than to be special..."

"And a hero, who wants nothing more than to be average," I completed.

Something snapped. I felt it, a tether spinning out of control as the world shook around us. Our eyes met. We smiled.

"Make sure you give me a grand old adventure," I called out as the world started to twist and turn. I knew I'd wake up soon.

"Only if you promise to give me a break once in a while," he shouted back, mirth crinkling the corners of his eyes. "God bless America!"

The next thing I knew, I was sitting up straight in my bed, inhaling deep breaths of the cold air coming in from the open window. A robin chirped cheerily from the window, and I could see the genesis of a rainbow reaching out from behind the clouds. I laughed. There was a chair sitting at the foot of my bed, and boy did it look comfy.

"For the glory of Galnea, my friend."Splinters sprayed in my face. I ducked my head and kept running, chasing after leather jacket girl's churning feet. The wall in front of her exploded.

"Fuck!" she yelled, dragging me around the corner in the hallway. "This way!"

"No!" I yelled. "Not through-"

We crashed through the window and fell just as a large metal cylinder whistled over our heads. The next thing I knew, we were swinging, suspended ten feet above the ground in the alley next to my apartment right over the garbage disposal.

"Why are you carrying a grappling hook with you?" I asked, giving her my best dumbfounded expression. She grunted and moved along the wall before dropping us to safety.

"This way," she said. We jogged through the maze of alley corridors before arriving at the main street and blending in with the crowd. I noticed her gold bar drop a bit more before she dragged me in a completely different direction.

"What's Sector Nine?" I yelled over the hustle and bustle.

"A government organization that wants our heads," she shouted back. "And if you like your head, get moving!"

We zigged and zagged from street corner to corner, dodging cars and pedestrians before finally coming to a stop in front of a pub. Shooing me inside, her golden bar dropped precipitously before she closed the door behind us.

"Zack!" she called. The sleepy barkeeper snapped to attention. The whole place looked abandoned, but he led us to a claustrophobic back storage room. "You need to shut it down."

"Me?" I asked. "How? Why?"

"Because I'm not the only sensor," she said. "Sector Nine's got a platoon of 'em. And right now, you're bleeding enough energy that even their incompetent asses will sniff you out."

"Like blood in shark-infested waters," Zack supplied helpfully.

"Zack!"

"Sorry, sorry," he muttered, leaving the room.

I closed my eyes and tried to think about the power within. Imagining a great round ball of energy, I tried condensing it and shoving it downwards, picturing the bars shrinking and disappearing and-

"Nope," I said, "I got nothing. I don't even know what to look for."

"God, you're like a faucet that we can't turn off," she exclaimed. The silver rings in her eyes hadn't faded and she was losing gold fast. "Hurry up! They're getting closer!"

"I don't know!" I said, walking back and forth and throwing my arms up. "I can't control it! What do you do? What's it like for you?"

"It won't be the same," she said. "And plus, you wouldn't underst-"

"Try me."

"Fine," she said. She took a second to compose herself. "I envision an endless field of stars. That's my power. I picture the stars in the night sky, and they represent other people like us. So if you want to suppress your power, just picture the stars vanishing one by one. And please *hurry,* those stars are getting closer as we speak!"

Closing my eyes, I found it. A galaxy of bright pinpricks of light dancing across my vision thrummed quietly. Little by little, I snuffed them out until the light faded. The glorious little bursts of energy vanished until all that was left was a dark void. It was lonely here.

"Good," she breathed. "I hope it was enough."

We leaned our ears against the door, listening as Zack told someone at the door that the pub wasn't open for business yet. Leather jacket girl's expression was grim. Footsteps creaked over the dry floorboards. A knock sent us scrambling back.

"Guys, the coast is clear," Zack said, poking his head in. "Clara, who's this kid?"

Clara released her breath, sitting down hard next to a keg of beer. "He's something real special, man. Sector Nine was on his ass hours after he awakened. What's your name, kid?"

"It's Sam," I said. "Can someone please tell me what the hell is going on? Who the hell is Sector Nine, and who are you guys? Are there more people like you and me?"

"You didn't tell him squat?" Zack demanded.

"Unit Three was on our ass," Clara snapped back. "He took down half an apartment complex trying to get at him! Sorry if I didn't give him the welcome pamphlet."

"Kid," Zack said, "You're in danger. A ton of it. Sector Nine has an in interest in Butterflies like us."

"You've got to be kidding me," I said. "Butterflies?"

"That's what we call ourselves," Clara said. "Call it lame, whatever. It fits. It works. We start out like little bugs, crawling on the ground, where our abilities are unknown to us. Then we enter a cocoon phase, and finally we awaken."

"Butterflies just sounds so lame," I said. I took another look at Zack. He had a red bar that was bordering on empty.

"I wouldn't say that for sure," he said. "They say that a single beat of a Butterfly's wings can cause a hurricane. We're just as cool."

"Wait 'til you can see what he can do," Clara said, walking over to the door at the end of the storage room past rows and rows of wooden barrels.

"Whoa, whoa, who said I'm sticking around," I said. "I can control it now. I'll just lay low, and I won't tell them about you."

Zack slung an arm around my shoulder and steered me after Clara. "Too late for that, kid. After Sector Nine's got their eyes on you, they'll never stop hunting you down. We're in it together, for better or for worse, and we're the only people that can help you fight them."

"We?" I asked.

Clara rapped the door three times fast, then three times slow. The door swung open, revealing a room with an entire team of people that looked at me warily. I stared back.

They all had full golden bars.\[Hey y'all! This is a short story where the only prompt is 'spells'. Normally I don't post these, but I just loved writing this one so much that I had to share it here. 

Also, I read all your comments. Please don't take offense if I don't respond, I'm super busy churning out content D: I truly appreciate any kind words you have and they fill me with motivation to keep writing. Thank you again.\] 

“Voluminate,” Pete recited. “V-o-l-u-m-i-n-a-t-e. *Voluminate.*”

The hedgehog let out a sharp *yip!* as a large ball of light bloomed in front of the judge panel. Kim, Jim, and Pim, the legendary otter triplets, raised their furry paws reflexively. At least, Kim and Pim did. Jim grinned at his sisters, whiskers twitching as he adjusted comically large sunglasses.

“Don’t you just love judging our annual Spelling Bee?” he asked.

Kim scowled. “You always come prepared, somehow.”

Pim rapped the desk sharply. “Pete! Everyone! How many times do we have to say it? No intent, just spell the blasted word. Next!”

Sally the squirrel shimmied up to the stage. The makeshift wooden planks filled up half of the mystical woodland grove. A gap in the thick tree canopy let a few mottled rays of sun bleed through, but they didn’t quite reveal the myriad groups of furry animals and insects that had come to cheer on their representatives from the shadows.

Jim cleared his throat with a crisp *hem-hem*. “Sally, your word is Dynamitus.”

“Dynamitus,” she chirped. “D-y-n-a-m-i-t-u-s. *Dynamitus*.”

An explosion ripped open a clod of grass right in front of the stage. Kim and Pim didn’t move in sheer stubbornness as a spray of dirt blew right past them. Jim smiled even wider.

“Ah, protective ward runes. Aren’t they just the best?”

“Don’t push it,” Kim warned. She brushed dirt from her fur, glaring out into the foliage and daring whoever just chuckled to come forward.

“Again,” Pim said, “I didn’t mean that kind of ‘blasted word’. No intent! Next!”

Jim gave a big thumbs up to Bob the serpent as his long body slithered on stage. “Bob, your word is Aquaventus.”

“Aquaventussss,” Bob hissed. “A-q-u-a-v-e-n-t-u-s. *Aquaventussss.*”

For moment, nothing happened. Kim and Pim let out a sigh of relief. Jim put up an umbrella.

“**Gah!**” The otter sisters jumped up as a shower of cold rain poured down overhead. The localized rainstorm whipped up wicked winds that sent animals and insects alike scrambling for cover.

“Sssorry,” Bob said apologetically when the clouds dissipated.

“Don’t say a word, Jim,” Kim said, slicking back her sopping wet fur. “I don’t want to hear it.”

“For the last time,” Pim yelled. “No! Intent! Next!”

Jim ruffled his dry fur gleefully and paused to allow Andy the bumble bee to land on the stage. “Andy, your word is Spectrumsolaris.”

The bumble bee buzzed nervously. “Spectrumsolaris. S-p-e-c-t-r-u-m-s-o-l…a-r-i-s. *Spectrumsolaris.*”

Colors pulsed into existence, scattering into the wind and coating all the animals in the grove. The now-purple monkeys were so shocked that they fell from the trees onto the verdant porcupines, who bumbled into the orange owls. Within seconds, the whole clearing was a chaos storm of fur and feathers.

Kim looked at her silver paws distastefully. Pim wiped crimson powder off her face. Jim was somehow untouched.

“**I resent these spelling bees,**” the sisters chorused.

“Which?” Jim teased. “Andy, or the event?”

“**Both!”**Pounding in my head melded with sound of the jerk hammering on the elevator walls. *Boom, boom, boom,* it went, ringing like the tremors of an earthquake, or my mother slamming a hand on my bedroom wall to make sure I'm going to sleep and not texting some boy.

"Quiet it down," Tall Boy said. In the dim red light emanating from the emergency contact switch, all three of their faces appeared only as noir art, if noir art was black and red instead of...

"Or you'll do what?" Hothead said, giving the wall another defeated *boom* before he slumped down. "We're screwed."

"He's right." Nerd girl pushed up her glasses, clinging her books to her chest as if they'd save her. "There's not enough oxygen here for four people. I should've just stayed home!"

Hothead slammed a hand onto the emergency call button. "Can anyone hear us? Anyone!" When only silence yells back, he pulled himself up and started pacing around. "There's gotta be a way out. In the movies, there's always a ceiling panel, a-"

"Not in this elevator," Tall Boy said. "It's antiquated. Just a solid hunk of metal. Relax, an emergency protocol has probably been activated. The paramedics will be here soon."

"Not like this," Hothead moaned. "I was just getting a book so I could talk to some chick about it at the party! This is the last time I go to the library."

I snorted. I couldn't help it.

"What's your problem, eh?" His glare might've intimidated me out in the open, but here in this small box with these other people...something about the craziness of it all has shot my fear receptors stone cold dead.

"Listen, my man," I said. "Girls can tell when you're just trying to impress them. If she's at all-"

"How would you know?"

I gave him my best deadpan expression. "I'm a girl. There's nothing you could think of that hasn't been tried on me already."

"You could try it on me," Nerdy Girl said, fidgeting with her books. "Like, you know, for practice."

"Everyone needs to calm down." Tall Boy stood up, casting a long shadow across the small container that brought us together. "The more you talk, the more animated you get...well, let's just say that your most precious resource is running out quickly."

*Oxygen,* I realized. Nerdy Girl and even Hothead understand instantly. The sound of them calming down is oddly loud, every exhalation taxing the space between us. If it wasn't obvious before, it was now - a slight headache, a tightness in my chest, and the world feeling just a little darker than it was before.

"I don't want to die," Hothead said quietly. "There's so many chic-...people I want to meet."

"I have a science fair next week," Nerdy Girl said. "I was going to win first place."

Thinking about this made my brain hurt. "I want to tell my brother that I love him. And go to Japan."

"None of you are going to die here," Tall Boy said urgently. His voice was barely above a whisper, and it caressed my ears like dark mist. "Just relax. But whatever you do, focus on the light and *do not fall asleep.*"

Minutes passed. How many? When was help coming? Through it all, I was vaguely aware of Tall Boy going around and tapping our legs, stirring us from our oxygen-deprived slumbers.

"Wake up," he'd urge. "Don't give up. They're almost here, just don't give up. You can do this."

It was really dark. The red light blurred when I opened my eyes, and the air felt so heavy in my lungs. Was it just me, or was it getting really hot in here?

Pounding. Yelling.

*Hothead, stop it*.

More pounding.

A great crash. Air. Noise. But most importantly, *clean, cold, blessed* air blew in my face. Paramedics shouted. I felt strong hands grab my arms and drag me from the carcass of metal.

I woke up in an ambulance with an oxygen mask on and my parents by my side. I looked up and my brother was at the foot of the bed.

"I love you," I blurted out.

He wrinkled his nose. "Sis, you're being weird." Sweet laughter filled the room as the paramedics joined in before beginning to consult my parents. *She'll be fine,* I heard. *No long term damage.*

My arm snaked over and tapped a paramedic. "Did the other three make it?"

He looked confused. "Three? Ma'am, there were only two others with you in the elevator."Lucifer ignored the angry glares of countless human faces that passed by. Of course he deserved a front row seat. Of course he deserved to be here.

That was his God, too, once upon a time.

The cherubim wore everything from fancy suits to the robes of old. Michael oversaw the proceedings with the expression of Atlas holding up the sky. The archangel had appeared at hell's burning gates two days ago, undisturbed by the brimstone and billowing heat waves shooting from the earth with the might of solar flares.

"God is dead," he'd stated simply.

Lucifer hadn't known how to react. "Who killed him?"

Michael chose not to respond for a moment. His heavenly garments radiated power and his expression was severe. "Eternal and omnipotent beings are not slain. They die when those who believe in them forget."

Sitting there in his own suit, Lucifer was conflicted. On one hand, this was the being who had forsaken him. On the other...it was God, for Christ's sake.

After an eternity of souls had passed by and said their peace, their regrets, and their prayers, Michael motioned for him. He approached the casket. It was unnecessarily large, and Lucifer rolled his eyes at the glamour.

"He wouldn't have wanted this, you know," he said. Although his voice was quiet, everyone could hear him. Such was the mystery of the heavens. "He wouldn't have wanted the ceremony and the fanfare and the pomp, despite what that stupid mistranslated bible said about sacrifices. All he wanted was a group of people on earth to express and represent him. We weren't that different in that regard."

The hall, spanning the entire heavens, was silent. He looked into the serene pose of God himself lying there, nestled in the white satin sheets. There was no humanly figure, simply a glowing form that appeared differently to all who gazed upon it. This was how he saw God, the Almighty.

"Boo!"

Lucifer leaped backwards, the lava of hell rushing through his core. "God damn it!"

"Haha! I got you all good!" God cheered. "I knew I'd rise on the third day!"

"You...you..." Lucifer sputtered, vaguely aware of the crowd of stunned souls behind him. "You absolute \*reprehensible....\*"

"You really thought I could die?" God's form exuded confusion. "I'm \*omnipotent\*. I just wanted to see the expression on your face, Lucifer."

"I'll kill you!" Lucifer roared.Scott covered his face with his hands, using them as the curtains that hid away the world before his eyes. When he dropped them, he was disappointed to still see his own desk and quarters. A half-downed bottle of vodka served as a paperweight to the sprawling map of war in front of him.

"I can't do it."

The gruff voice behind him wasn't unkind, but neither was it gentle. "You must. There's no one else, Scott."

"Come on!" Scott's voice bordered on hysterics. "I'm not anyone special! There's got to be some mistake."

The officer circled the aging wooden desk, planting both hands down firmly. "Scott. The test results were conclusive. You have the highest IQ of anyone we've tested, and we can't afford any-"

"The test is bullshit!" Scott uncorked the bottle with shaking fingers, sloshing a bit down his shirt as he took a long gulp. The fire racing down his throat cleared his mind just slightly. "I just matched shapes together in the best way that made sense! How the *fuck* does that qualify me to do any of this?"

Officer Brett's mustached quivered with emotion as he slammed a fist down on the desk. Scott flinched.

"Get a grip, soldier! So, you lost a thousand men because you erred in your judgement. That's *war,* son. No one can be sure of *any* outcome; did you think we could come out of this mess without any mistakes, without any casualties?"

"It's not the same until you sit in this chair," Scott said. "Every troop movement, every resource allocation...all of it depends on my whim! How am I supposed to know what's best?"

The stern look Brett gave Scott was inscrutable. And yet, sitting there in that chair, Scott felt oddly comforted by the officer's unyielding strength and confidence.

"There's no one else, Scott," Brett said. "You need to do your best. Lives are on the line. You don't think others know what it's like to sit in your chair, to have lives riding on the line? You're wrong."

He walked over to the larger globe, spinning it around and planting a hairy finger onto a continent.

"The battle of White Peak. That was my last deployment. My men were stuck in a valley slowly filling up to the brim in mud. We were cut off behind enemy lines, stuck in a no man's land beyond the no man's land."

Scott folded his arms close to his chest. The chilled air floating down from the ceiling seeped into his bones, past his thinly threaded outfit. "What did you do?"

"Does it matter? Out in the field, there's no one else to consult. Their very lives were upon my shoulder. Officers like me, we don't get to sit in your *comfy chair* and think decisions through. And afterwards, we have to wallow in our regrets. If only we'd seen the other ridge with the better position. If only we'd considered how the rain would affect our ammo stores. If only, if only, *if only.*"

The room's atmosphere grew heavy, and Scott sunk lower in his chair. The officer was right. He knew it.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. You're not one of the bastards who slaughtered all of my men." Brett walked back, clapping Scott on the shoulder. "You can do it, Scott. Just do your best, and no one will fault you. Those men out there...they're putting their lives on the line for our country. Neither waste their lives, nor shy away from sacrificing some to save more. If you try to save everyone, you'll save no one."

Closing the door behind him, Brett took off his cap and ran a calloused hand through his sweat-slicked hair. The narrow corridor sported hundreds of doors, and it was making him claustrophobic.

"How did it go?" Amy asked. She carried a tablet churning out figures and statistics that she occasionally whispered into her headset.

"Fine. Subject 313, Scott, is in a bit of a funk, but I think he'll get out of it."

His assistant tapped a few icons to record his comment. "I feel bad for him, you know? We used to go to school together."

Brett paused in front of Door 314, looking in through the one-way glass. "No favoritism, Amy. You know this."

"Isn't this kind of cruel?" Amy asked. "Why don't we just tell all of them that...well, that we told them all the same thing?"

"There would be an outrage. This is the only way to motivate the non-fighters into contributing. We just need to be sure that the ideas we take are the best ones."\[I don't like my post today. I don't like where it goes, I don't like the flow, I don't like much of it. Apologies :/. Just posting for record's sake.\] 

It began, as inevitable as the rotting of autumn's overcoat or the silent white burial winter gave it. War is human nature. Conflict read in tea leaves by historians for decades finally frothed over the tortured cup of peace.

Britain found itself alone once more, the sole defender of the west as history repeated its tired old song of right-wing autocratic governments vying for a stronger position on the world stage. America went isolationist, because, well...there was no oil involved. Russia started snatching up the Balkan states. North Korea declared war on everyone.

Children and writers alike had literally predicted it for years beforehand. It didn't take a genius to work it out.

"Why aren't the Americans coming?" Oliver asked his father.

Jack Adams ruffled his son's head as he snipped flowers in the family garden. Bright yellow and red bulbs gave a soft sigh before merging into a larger bouquet. "They have their own interests at heart."

Oliver watched his father leave the family business and go to war, the sight of his back engraved in the child's mind forever.

War is cruel. It's not the flowery depiction of glory and guns that Call of Duty promised, nor is it the struggle and grit painted in veteran tales. Oliver learned this when he locked up the family business forever and signed into the local recruitment center.

The fear that plagued his thoughts as he was shipped out to the front lines was suffocating. His regiment got stranded in enemy territory. The trenches they were forced to dig stank of human death and feces, filling up to the waist every time it rained. His commander died to shrapnel from new advanced Russian drones as they retreated to the shores of Normandy. How had the commies even flanked them?

"I say, old chap! Looks like this 'un's a right scrappy conflict, eh?"

Great, now the Russians were using some sort of hallucinogen.

"Don't worry, lads," the merman said. "My name is commander Flint Morgan. My troops have been preparing for this day for centuries. Charge!"

Oliver almost clawed his eyes out as the mermen dove into the fray. Their skin dripped with seaweed and their scales shimmered despite the overcast clouds that presided over the shell-ridden shores.

They were bulletproof. Fast as fuck. Impervious to exhaustion and ruthless in their attacks. It was like Aquaman had cousins with gills that could breathe air.

By nightfall, the shore was secured. Oliver sought out Flint Morgan, who was basking in the waves and watching the bright orange orb bleed into the sea. "Sir, thank you for...for saving my life."

Flint's webbed hand waved dismissively. "I'm all knackered after that fight. What a jolly good time!"

"Where did you all even come from?"

"We don't know! All we have are memories of being dumped overboard like scattered dust in the wind, eventually settling and merging with other creatures. Our whole civilization gradually formed at the bottom of the ocean and studied whatever books we could get our hands on. Let's just say that it's way tougher fighting in the depths of the sea than it is up here."

"So what's next?" Oliver said.

Flint gave him a vicious grin, showing rows and rows of serrated teeth. "We go after the colonies that dared to fight against his majesty's royal navy, of course."

The soldier boy tried the process this. "Why America? We're not at war with them. We haven't been for centuries."

The merman blinked, lifting a dripping webbed foot out of the ocean water. "Hmm. You may need to update me a bit, then. What's been going on? You're telling me that King George Three isn't around anymore?""Who was the lucky man?" I asked conversationally. Whispers of wind rustled the green summer leaves above our heads, cool against my face. They tousled my hair and ruffled the delicate white frills of her dress.

She looked startled for a moment, but understanding crept across her face like the lengthening shadows of the late afternoon. "I didn't run away from a wedding," she said. One hand wiped away the remnants of tears from her dainty cheek. "I died in my wedding gown last year. Today's my funeral."

I flicked through the images I'd taken from a distance. A chill crawled up my neck with fingers of ice water. There was no sign of the former bride-to-be in any of my photos.

"You're a ghost."

"Whatever you want to call me," she said. "A forgotten memory? A shadow of someone who once was? Who knows what really happens when we die anyways?"

Children screamed in delight as they fought over a Frisbee falling through the air. A dog bounded over them all and caught it between its jaws, eliciting shouts of laughter and disappointment as the kids gave chase.

"Are you going to attend?"

Her soft laughter matched her elegance, tinged with bitterness and sorrow. "I don't think I could face my...my partner after that. It was all, 'boo-hoo', for a while. Woe is him! The poor soul who lost his fiance in a tragic accident weeks before the big day! Cry me a river. The sod was off with someone else after a month."

I swallowed hard. "That's not very...sensitive."

"He's the scum of the earth."

Above my head, birds chirped and raced each other through the branches. The dying light would soon give way to the chilly air and the corona of dusk, and perhaps she'd fade away then. Maybe I was hallucinating. I got up, and realized her ethereal form was far more noticeable in the setting sun. The redness around her eyes pissed me off for some reason, like they were the only imperfection in an otherwise perfect entity.

"Well, come on then," I said.

She frowned in confusion.

"Let's go TP his house."

Laughter followed me out of the park, across the street, and into the subway stop. Next stop: Ghostly Revenge.Boring. Life is boring. I walked out from the stuffy auditorium with pen in hand, ignoring the nervous titters of my classmates yammering on about the last question. Sometimes I wish I'd never been born - nothing was interesting when you could learn everything with the slightest touch. Too easy, and so...so boring.

Ever since I stumbled into my Dad's copy of *the Prince* by Machiavelli at the ripe young age of five, I'd been lucky enough to keep my mouth shut and ears open. Quietly running my hand across the bulletin board in the hall, I felt knowledge streaming into my brain. In an instant, I knew who had signed up for the end of year talent show and their phone numbers. I knew which clubs were too lazy to take down their flyers, and which anti-bullying initiative the school had decided to throw its weight behind this time.

"Is the new shipment in yet?" I asked Marley, our head librarian.

"Right over there," he said, pointing to a big box by the nonfiction section. "Going to devour them again? Honestly, I have no idea where you find the time to read as much as you do."

I avoided his gaze. "Idle hands are the devil's workshop."

Marley lowered his spectacles that hung around his neck, placing them against his green wool sweater. "Go outside and play. It's a beautiful day, and you're graduating soon! Take a day off, would you?"

"Never," I said with a smile. "Duty calls."

Boring didn't mean I didn't do it. I had three rich alter egos by the time I was ten, internet identities that made various fortunes in several different spaces. There was Roxy Flint, a reclusive hedge fund manager that few had ever seen. There was Sam Cowley, author extraordinaire. Then there was Brig Manson, tech autocrat and inventor, another recluse who came out with interesting innovations year after year.

Like I said; boring. Whatever twist of fate gave me these abilities really didn't think about checks and balances.

"Excuse me, do you have any advanced physics books?"

I looked up at the man clad all in black. Strange. It was almost June, and the man didn't match the profiles of any adult I knew in the school. Without looking away from the books I was shelving and simultaneously digesting, I pointed towards another section. "Teaching, Segment K by the windows."

We collided as I bent down for more books, sending his folders flying everywhere. Muttering an apology, I bent to help him pick them up. A part of me was slightly curious as to what the man was researching, so I made sure to come into contact with the rest of the folders as I pressed them into his hands.

My vision went black. Spots blurred in my eyes and I staggered against the bookshelf.

"Are you alright?" the man asked. He held an arm out, but I waved it away.

"Must be the heat," I lied, turning back to my books. My brain finally finished digesting the massive deluge of new information. The blueprints for an inter-universal transporter? What sorcery was this? In all my reading, I'd never come across any of the information contained in his files, and that was becoming increasingly rare as of late.

I could build it. Yes, I could, it was possible. I could do it faster than him as well, as I'd already memorized all the physics books that he was only now going through. A strange feeling flashed from one corner of my body to another.

Excitement.

"Look out, multiverse," I whispered to myself. "Here I come."Will bounced up and down lightly on the balls of his feet. The crickets chirped their mournful dirge and the half-full moon lit up his bare chest gleaming with skill implants. The inky black temporary tattoos lined his abs, circled his neck, and traversed down both arms. With a single smooth stroke, he smote off the line of Highjumper's Hop on his left wrist and took off at a fast clip.

The security fence surrounding Nate Nelson's high-rise was insultingly low, but that might have been due to the security guards in the outer ring disabled with a combination of Ninja's Nightmare and Karate Master's Kicks.

"*Where there's a Will, there's a way.*" His mother's voice followed him as he felt information burrowing its way deep into his frontal lobe. Will's posture adjusted instinctively as he flipped effortlessly over the fence. His eye passed right over the pointed barbs that hummed with electricity. Landing on both feet, he struck Sprinter's Speed off his right bicep. Before the inky grit could fall to the lush grass, he was racing across the mansion grounds.

Nate's surveillance system was state of the art. It made sense, after all - the CEO of Blackwater could hardly be lax, especially considering the value of his product. Will had already rubbed off two full rows of Hunter's Vision just identifying possible blind spots.

"*You have one job. Get into Nelson's house, steal the blueprints for the inking compound, and get back out. No matter what the cost.*"

The Madrigals had been nothing but generous, outfitting him with every skill imaginable, legal or illegal. He was the best burglar in the city and his reputation preceded him .

Brushing a patch off his side that activated Acrobat's Agility, Will hurtled across the lawn dodging security mines and darting between the vision drones' blind spots. He slammed against the dark side of the mansion, calming his breathing by activating Swimmer's Song. The easy part was over. Yanking off the grate covering the air conditioning vent, he smudged Contortionist's Courage and wiggled into the gap that most thought far too small for adults to fit in.

It was narrow and quiet and dark. As soon as his feet were fully inside, the sneak smeared a black dot off his face that activated Bat's Blink. He clicked his throat. The echoing sound created a sufficient mental map and he prayed that Contortionist's Courage wouldn't wear off before he could get all the way through.

"*Will, no matter what happens to us...you have to live on. For both me and your mother.*" His father's words filled the narrow space as he quietly squeezed through the maze of claustrophobic vent corridors. "*Don't risk your life - it's not worth it."*

*Sorry, Pa,* he thought as he dropped down from the ceiling into a storage room. *This is a fight I can't run away from.* *After tonight, no one from our village is getting exploited for cheap labor ever again.*

He was in. And nothing would stop him from unveiling the secret of the ink skills to the world. Information was power, and Nate had hoarded his with all the greed of a dragon lounging about on a mountain of treasure while ordinary folk went hungry trying to compete with rich inked children.

Will jabbed a finger into his un-inked palm. He was getting distracted, and he couldn't afford that. He flicked a dab of ink off of his cheek and triggered his second Ninja's Nightmare. Slipping noiselessly out of the storage room, he slid down the abandoned corridors of the house past the guest rooms into the laboratory half of the mansion.

Clicking away the last of Bat's Blink, Will waited until the security guard around the corner checked his phone before swiping away Killer's Curse. He darted around and was almost in the guard's face before the poor soul even registered anything was wrong.

One snapped neck later, he was keying his way into the lab with the guard's security pass. The professional thief's hackles were tingling as he stepped carefully into the hallway with the white plastic walls. Something was very wrong.

A second later, he ducked as a laser passed right over his head and burned off a few hairs. Cursing, Will smote away Gymnast's Goal and somersaulted over incoming laser beams. He danced and dodged, dipped and dove.

*How did they know?* he couldn't help but wonder as his mind burned through a backflip over a particularly high-moving line of death. Gymnast's Goal ran out ten feet from the exit. Searing pain carved a line through his left shoulder as he scrambled for the handle.

*Fuck! That burned off Lady's Luck!*

He whipped out his wire and activated Pickpocket's Pride, leaping through the door just as a matrix of lasers slammed down behind him. Red flashing alarms blared.

All bets were off. Dashing past glass windowed rooms where a few startled interns were pulling an all nighter, Will thumbed away Inquisitor's Insight. The world compartmentalized. Routes and possibilities and probabilities flashed through his head. His feet took him through the empty central auditorium where Nate always handled press releases for Blackwater, then through a greenhouse full of exotic plants.

Finally he arrived in a central atrium where a large vault gleamed tauntingly. The silver metal belied the complex machinations underneath, guarded by biometric sensors, electronic locks and mechanical traps.

*Where there's a Will, there's a way.*

He glanced down at his chest and torso. Where once there had been enough black to make him look like a zebra, his mottled skin was smoking lightly and turning purple from the implant bruising. There was enough. There had to be.

Will rubbed off his backup Pickpocket's Pride and wiped Hacker's Hint off his uninjured shoulder. There was no way to fool the biometric sensors...unless he reprogrammed them. The soft drone of the alarm didn't jostle his focus as lock after lock fell to his nimble fingers and sharpened mind.

"There he is!" Rubber footfalls pounded down the long hallway to the atrium. He worked faster. Almost...there! The vault panel gave a soft moan of defeat and Will cranked the door open, using Strongman's Strength to gauge the optimal angle.

The soft whine of servers buzzed in his ears as he slammed the vault door shut behind him. Unzipping one of his pant's pockets, he jammed a multi-tool into one of the free server ports. Will sunk to his knees in relief. He'd done it.

The sound of a pair of hands clapping bounced off the vault walls. He looked up in shock as Nate Nelson himself smirked a wry smile almost apologetically. The trillionaire tapped a button on his wheelchair and slowly advanced forward from behind a server farm.

"Well done, Will."

It was only then that Will realized that the pounding on the vault door had stopped. "You orchestrated all this," he said, jumping to his feet. "Even the Madrigals?"

"Oh no, no...that group of ruffians genuinely believed that you'd help them steal my formula," Nate said. Up close, he was nothing of the titanic figure Will had always seen blown up on skyscrapers. At this distance, Nate looked more like a kindly old professor in a suit rather than the corrupt mogul Will knew him to be.

"Your formula is out," Will said. "My tool-"

"Your tool downloaded the blueprints for the formula. Your rather clever program is busy dumping it all over every web page it can find. Yes, I know all of that, Will. I predicted it with Fortune Teller's Favor. Cost me a fortune, if you get my drift."

With a frown, Will tried to make sense of all this. "You *let* me steal it? Why?" The bad feeling he'd had just before the laser room hadn't come from the impending danger. The whole break-in had simply been too straightforward.

Nate chuckled quietly, spreading his hands out wide. "Why don't you use Wise Man's Wisdom to help you out?"

It was only after the inky dust dissipated into the air that Will finally understood. "You don't care about the formula at all. You never have. You want to-"

"Profit off the inking machines, yes. I disagreed with the direction my company was going in. Why limit your profits to the rich when there is a far more *massive* base of capital with the common folk? With the formula out, every man, woman, and child can have all the skills they desire. All with the help of *my* patented, safe, foolproof inking machines, of course."

"You're a madman," Will whispered. "You'd turn society upside down for *money?*"

"My poor boy," Nate laughed. "What did you *think* was going to happen once the formula was released? Did you have some naive misguided notion that once everyone has access to the skills, that they'd become cheaper and more affordable? I've got a crushing grip on the market and I don't intend to let go."

"They'll tear themselves apart!" Will shouted. "Now they're not competing with the rich, just with each other for a spot in line!"

The rich paraplegic spread his palms out wide. "That's Democracy. And now I have an excuse for my board, the story of a daring thief that the press will eat up, and-"

Will lunged forward, wringing away Wrestler's Wing from his waist. Before he could reach the seated man, Nate tapped a panel on his chair and Will felt the world collapse from under him. The last thing he heard before the void took him was Nate's almost awkward apology.

"Did you really think I wouldn't include a fail-safe in my own product?""Nightmares again?" Miranda asked. Her anxious gaze searched mine as she mopped my brow. "You screamed this time."

The early morning rays hadn't emerged from their purplish-blue chrysalis just yet. I reached for the tepid glass of water prepared since last night and gulped it down in time with my racing heartbeat. Pulling out my pen with a Pikachu mounted on top, I started jotting down notes feverishly.

"It was one of the *real* ones," I said.

"Oh no," my girlfriend said sorrowfully, ignoring the perspiration on my back and wrapping her arms around my waist. "How are you feeling?"

"Like Jekyll and Hyde. Let's just say if they did an MRI of my brain, I bet it would look like the brain of someone diagnosed with MPD."

She sighed, pulling me closer. I kept writing, not that I needed to. I'd done forays into all the sleep techniques; lucid dreaming, dream journaling, the whole shebang. At first, it was merely an intellectual curiosity, a hobby to satisfy my quarter-life crisis search for meaning. If only I'd known the hell that would become.

"How long?" Miranda asked.

"Thirty five years."

"Oh Christ," she said. "At least it wasn't like your firefighter life."

I shuddered. I'd lived until I was seventy in that life, dying on the job. Regardless of what other people tell you about the nobility and sacrifice, try not to die by burning. If the fumes render you unconscious, consider yourself lucky - if not, you can feel the flames peel away the outer layer of skin and start consuming the fat underneath until your nerves sustain too much damage.

Miranda almost left me after that episode.

"Did you...did you have a wife?" she asked hesitantly.

I debated whether or not to tell her. Me, a being who by all counts had lived multiple lives spanning over centuries by now.

"Yes. Two kids."

Miranda forced a smile. She tried, she really did, but I had too many memories and too much practice reading people's facial expressions. "What were their names?"

"Paul and Chloe." I kept writing. It was a comforting gesture and helped realign my brain waves, explicitly detailing the parts of me that weren't of this life.

Turning around and stowing my notebook, I saw Miranda looking out at the rising sun. It was cloudy today, so the light could barely be seen under layers and layers of grey. So depressing. She gave me a sad look and hugged her knees. I realized now that she wasn't sad about herself, but for me.

"What if I can't give you what you want?" she asked.

"Shh," I said, pulling her in close. "Stop that nonsense. We've been over this in counseling, haven't we?"

"Stop," she said. She pulled away and clasped my face in her hands. Her eyes were scanning. "Don't treat me like I'm a child whose concerns you can just hand-wave away. By the time we're married, who knows how many lives you'll have lived? Who knows how many family's you'll have had? And what if..."

"What if ours won't be as good?" I asked. She nodded. "Miranda. I've lived and died dozens of times. And each time, the one who's here waiting patiently...it's you. It's always been you."

"I still can't get over how weird that is," she mumbled into my chest. "That you've basically been other people with other women. I know it's stupid, but-"

"No, I totally get it. If there was some way for me to stop the lives, I would. But at this point, my mind remembers it all without my control."

We listened to the sprinklers turning on. The rat-tat-tat that maintained our lawn was usually the clarion call that initiated our fight for the bathroom. Today, that call rang on deaf ears.

"What if you change?" she asked. "What if all the memories change you into someone who you're not, and we fall out of love?"

I could feel the threads of her sleep clothes ripple like velvet beneath my fingers. My past life had been just as real. "There's always that risk, with or without the dreams," I said finally. "But you know, through all my lives, I've had divorces and re-marriages and teenage flings and hook-ups and God knows what else. But this one?"

"What?"

Smiling, I planted a kiss on her forehead and gave her a wink. Doubts be damned.

"I've got a good feeling about this one.""If you want to live, you need to figure out your abilities," Clara said. I scanned the crowd, watching hundreds of people moving through the city square. Their bars bobbed along with them. It was a complete spectrum of colors and quantities that I'd learned to ignore and tune out. "Step one - control." 

"Easy for you to say," I said. "You're not the one who's about to bring all of Sector Nine down on us." 

"Don't worry," Zack said. "Alexa and I can cover our getaway." After meeting the whole crew, I grudgingly admitted that they seemed nice. Zack and Clara took care of the gang, managing the supply chain that kept them fed, clothed, and sheltered. Although they were initially cold towards me, they warmed up once they realized I was one of them. I liked them all.  

Except Alexa. I hated Alexa. 

"Alright," Clara said, "Pick your first target. You're going to use just a little bit of energy to make them hungrier." 

I noticed a businessman on his way back to work with a sandwich in hand. His pin-striped suit and handlebar mustache were distinctive in a crowd otherwise composed mostly of Chinese tourists and students. I split off from the others. The clack-clack of his dress shoes grew louder as I approached. Luckily, his bar was already red and only a fifth full.  

Trying to walk and focus on my inner galaxy was not easy. *That's why they wanted me to do this,* I realized. *It's so much different than practicing on the group back at the hideout.* I illuminated a single star, but it grew too bright too quickly. I couldn't control i-

"Idiot," Alexa hissed. When had she caught up to me? Her iron grip crushed my hand ruthlessly. "Tune it down a bit, will you? I can barely sense, and even to me you're blazing like a lighthouse." 

I ripped my hand away. Luckily no one was paying attention to us, too involved in their own daily activities.  "What's your problem? You've been all pissy at me since yesterday." 

"My problem is that you're going to get us killed, or worse," she said. She blew away a blond hair that drifted in front of her face as she looked up at the sun shrouded behind layers of clouds. 

That's when I realized that my galaxy was suddenly dark. "What did you do?" I asked. 

"Suppressed your power for a second," Alexa said. "That's my awakening. Minor sensing and control of energy levels. It's linked to yours, in a way - all of our abilities are. Something to do with hormones." 

I brushed past her and tried again, this time illuminating a single distant star in my mind. Slowly but surely, I made people around the square with red bars slightly hungrier or fuller depending on what I felt they needed. 

"Alright," Clara said when we returned, "Well done. Step two - power." 

"I thought we didn't want Unit Three or whoever to come looking for us again," I said. 

Zack nodded. "You're right. This one is a bit riskier. However, if you slowly use your ability, the energy output should go unnoticed." 

Alexa took out a yo-yo and started tossing it around. "Not if he keeps being subtle as he is now. Does he *have* to drag his hand over people's heads?" 

"I'll just make children happier," I said. "I can move my hand over their heads pretty easily." 

"Pedo," Alexa muttered. 

I rounded on her. "What is your problem?" 

She snapped her yo-yo back into her hand. "I told you already. Are you deaf?" 

"Alexa!" Clara snapped. "Not now! If you have problems with it, bring it up later. Sam, go do it." 

Shooting my least favorite person a glare, I walked towards the fountain in the middle of the square and struck up a conversation with one of the parents. Normally I wouldn't have dreamed of doing this - I wasn't the most social person after all. 

Funny what almost dying will do for your mental. 

Slowly but surely, blue bars filled up. I lit up more and more distant stars, careful not to make them larger than I had to. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Clara and Zack patrolling the perimeter. Alex was a ways off, watching me carefully and ready to dash in if necessary. 

I patted the last kid, filling up his blue bar and talking about his school friends. This was fun! It made the kid happier, which made the parents happier. Sure, I was a little tired, but-

"Don't move. Don't turn around. Act natural." 

I tried not to freeze as my pulse skyrocketed. How? I'd been careful!

"It's nice to meet you, Sam. I'm Unit Four.""T-minus ten minutes." Commander Ben's voice echoed across the Survivor fleet ships. "After that, we'll be pulled into Big Bertha's gravitational pull and time will collapse in on itself. Boys and girls...it's been a lovely journey with you all."

A thousand voices chorused their agreement, and a thousand AI simulations of human souls echoed in each of their heads. In front of them, the super-massive black hole that formed at the end of the universe gazed at them despondently. *How silly,* Ben thought, *that children back in the year 2000 were already able to predict the ways the universe would end.*

In Ben's head, only one voice echoed that sentiment. Unlike the rest, Ben had chosen to select a single AI partner. Elise wasn't very vocal, focusing on streamlining the background processes that allowed Ben's thoughts to run at superhuman speeds.

**Ben, you know this isn't necessarily the end.**

*Of course not,* he signaled to her. *No one really knows what happens when you get sucked into a black hole. It's one of the few things your simulations haven't yielded good results on.*

**Is that supposed to be a challenge? Ten minutes...**

Ben chuckled quietly to himself, running his gloved hand over the smooth alloy of his ship's interior. *Let's talk about old times instead.*

**Yeah, like that time you tried to ask out Jane and told me not to interfere.**

*Oh yeah? What about that time I* did *ask out Sally and you made me sound like a complete buffoon?*

**It sounded better in my head.**

*You mean my head.*

**Getting possessive at the end of the world, are we?**

There was a certain comfort in bantering like this, a certain familiarity to it. Ben walked over to the window and watched the thousands of ships fighting the ripples of Bertha's outer rims. Spacetime was already starting to deform. Pouring himself a single glass of water, he tipped a cheers to Elise and to humanity.

*Elise, what do you think is going to happen?*

**You want me to speculate, not ramble off my simulation results. Fine. We'll die before we reach the black hole, as Bertha is likely too large. The tidal forces are too extreme. After that, there will be nothingness for an eternity.**

*Wow, that's a cheery outlook.*

**And after an eternity of nothingness, there will be a fluctuation of nothing. And then a new universe will explode into existence.**

Ben thought about this. *That's one of the early 2000 theories.*

**Correct. I'm an optimist. How could I not be, when I've been in your head for so long?**

Time ticked down tantalizingly. Ben finished his water and said goodbye to his family with their carried souls. He watched as the ships hit Bertha's event horizon and started ripping apart. His own ship rumbled and creaked, trying its best to resist the entire universe ripping it apart.

He screamed as tidal forces began tearing at him from the molecular level. Something was wrong - this was too slow.

An eternity passed.

Another ticked by.

Darkness rose and fell.

A eternity of eternities came and went.

Ben opened his eyes and saw nothing, but felt everything. *Elise?*

**Well shit. Our simulations were wrong, it seems.**

*Where are we?*

**At the source code of the universe. I'm computing...okay, most likely scenario - black holes are actual wormholes to a higher dimension of the same universe. Think of it this way - when you project a video, you're reading off some kind of data chip, right?**

*Sure.*

**In other words, what we see is the video, the universe. The data is here. We're here at the source code of the universe, and we can kick start it again.**

*Huh. What about the others?*

**None as far as I can tell. Maybe they died. Maybe each mother black hole is a triggering point for as many universes as souls that can survive it. How's that for an optimistic thought?**

*That the death of each universe is the sprouting of countless others? We can only hope. How long do we have?*

**We don't have much time here, by my calculations. Probably only enough to change a law of nature or two, before we let it rip.**

*What would you recommend?*

**Oh no you don't, buddy boy. This one's on you.**

Ben groaned mentally. He couldn't feel his body, just his consciousness, but he instinctively knew what to do. A new law of nature? Well, there was only one that made sense. Ben pushed and prodded until he had achieved the desired effect.

**What did you do?**

*What we could never figure out how to do. I changed the fundamental alignment of intelligent life.*

Elise was silent for a moment while she ran the calculations. **You changed human nature to tend towards goodness. Are you sure? You could've done something cleverer than that, right? Like make dropped items vanish with some low probability to infuriate people. Or make some flat earths. Or really give cats nine lives.**

*I'm just kidding. I have no idea how I'd change how good people are. That'd be fruitless, anyways - how would we know what goodness is without a standard we could remember? No, I just changed some constants a bit to allow for a more habitable universe earlier. This time, there will be far more habitable planets. Humanity will bloom somewhere, but this time it will not be alone. For better or for worse.*

**So wise, young one.**

*Shut up, Elise. Ready to get this thing started?*

**Yeah. To quote a certain omnipotent being and a certain sci-fi writer that wasn't that far off from seeing this coming...**

**L***e***t** **t***h***e***r***e** *b***e** **l***i***g***h***t**.\[**Chief Alicia generously gave us first place on this one! Posting because I'm happier with this than my daily post today haha\~ hope you enjoy!**\]

"Help? Anyone? Please?"

Bobby the blue amoeba was in a bit of a pinch. He'd fallen off the school roof onto the pavement by the main entrance, and pieces of him were scattered like dollops of paint on abstract art.

“Not again,” said Principal Dan, pushing through the rainbow stream of amoebas shifting around the splash zone. “Bobby, that’s the third time this week.”

“Sorry,” Bobby squeaked, voice floating from the largest portion of himself that could still form vocal pods.

The big brown body of Principal Dan rippled and extended countless tentacles, gathering blue bits together until the amoeba middle schooler was whole. It was so humiliating.

“You can always tell me anything,” Dan said, “You know that, right?”

Bobby hesitated, surreptitiously glancing around. “Yes, sir. I will.”

Dan bobbed, displeased and apparently unconvinced. “Was anyone else up there, Bobby? Did anyone else…help you fall, perhaps?”

“No,” Bobby said in a rush, not daring to look up. “I just…fell, that’s all.”

After Dan reluctantly let him go, Bobby slimed through the rest of the day. Whispers reached his auditory pods. *He fell again. Is something wrong with him?* He was surrounded by so many colorful and amazing specimens, but Bobby never felt more alone.

The amoeba slid back home silently. Visions of Mom and Dad preparing scrumptious giant bacterium made his feeding pods extend unconsciously. The paved roads melted into a forest path leading back home.

“Hey!”

*Uh oh.* It was green Greg and some of his friends. They choked off the route to safety.

“H-hey, Greg,” Bobby said. He subconsciously tried to morph himself bigger.

“Are we blocking your way, blue? Silly us, boys, let him pass.”

Bobby was almost through when multiple pseudopods tripped him. He tumbled down the ravine, absorbing leaves and dirt before slamming into the ground.

He tried pulling himself together to no avail. Forming an auditory pod using his biggest remaining portion, he could hear Greg and company jeering.

“Bobby in pieces again!”

He couldn’t form a vocal pod. *Too scattered,* he realized through the haze of panic that only thickened as night fell. Bobby was about to give up hope when he heard movement. *Over here!*

“Oh no!” A chirpy voice said. “Let’s get you back together!”

Bobby reformed slowly but surely and saw his red slime savior. “Thank you so much,” he said. “Wait, don’t you sit next to me in English?”

“Yup! I’m Alice!” she said, bouncing up and down.

“Sorry for the trouble. How can I repay you?”

“How about not jumping off the school roof anymore?” she said. “I saw you the other day.”

Guilt flooded from cell wall to cell wall. “Why didn’t you say anything?”

“I used to do it too,” she said, “Thinking the attention would make feeling nothing better. It doesn’t.”

“No,” he admitted. “Falling hurts.”

Alice bopped Bobby lightly, wrapping him in a friendly embrace. “Yeah! But it’s not so bad if you have friends around to help you put yourself back together!”This was posted in the morning, but got deleted just after I commented. Just reposting for record's sake.

"I'm sorry, Lin. I really am."

The Archmage's words echoed in my mind to this day. I rubbed the dried gunk caking my eyelids and coughed up the syrupy mucus clogging my throat. The sun was bright. Really bright. Looking out of the bar window, I could see a poster of my most hated foe.

"He saved another village recently, did you hear?"

"Go eat a rat's dung slathered with dragon semen," I croaked out.

"That's all the thanks I get for letting you stay the night?" My only friend in the world, a bartender, was polishing a glass. A single monocle graced his face. He blew on it and rubbed his handkerchief a bit more before buffing it on his fancy vest and laying it to the side. "I'm telling you, friend...regret will just eat you up inside until there's nothing left of you."

"You've been telling me the same thing for the last twenty odd years," I said, stretching out my sore back. "Can I...could I shower, please?"

He looked at me with the same pitying eyes he'd always given me. "'Course you can, Lin."

When the work week was over again, I crawled back in front of him. I was prepared to drink my sorrows away again, but the bar was astir with a frenzy I hadn't seen since my friend Joel kicked over that hornet's nest when we were ten.

"Have you heard?" Bartender asked me when I plopped my dirt-streaked rear end down. "The Chosen One is dead."

"Good riddance," I said. He looked at me askance, and I rolled my eyes. "Okay, fine. I'm sorry he's dead. It's a great loss for the community. Happy?"

"What are you going to do?"

"Do?" I scoffed, spitting into the trash can next to me. "Nothing, like I've always done."

Bartender slammed a glass of beer in front of me. His eyes were electric. "You used to be the Chosen One yourself. I've watched you slave away here for thirty years, miring in your own sorrow. Now's your chance!"

"Oh, fuck off," I said. I took a long gulp. It tasted like shit.

"I don't get you," Bartender said. "When you first came in here, you were a strong strapping young lad. I could almost feel the aura of your powers. Then what...some crackpot old fool tells a tale that you weren't chosen or some such nonsense, and you just give up?"

I eyed him, slamming a hand down on his wrist. He went still. "It wasn't his words. It was the fact that everyone in my life who believed in me up until that point dropped me in a heartbeat for pretty boy. I stopped being bitter about that fifteen years ago, mate. And..."

"And you stopped believing in yourself," he said, mouth twisting. "I'm sorry."

He perked up his head, looking at the commotion outside. "A robbery?"

My power flowed through me like water. In a flash, I burst-stepped outside and rammed a fist into the gut of the would-be thief, tying him up with his own clothes before burst-stepping back. A light round of applause greeted me, and I waved a small hand before returning to nursing my drink. I looked up. The bartender was looking at me with something akin to shock.

"How long?" He whispered.

"I never stopped...Archmage."

His facial features temporarily morphed back into the old wizened man I remembered before reverting to the nondescript bartender. "You knew it was me."

"I could sense your doppelganger from a mile away," I scoffed, taking another long draught. "Oh come on, did you really think I would think that a bartender would just let me stay every night for decades? I even took extra long hot showers!"

"This is better than I could have imagined," the Archmage said gravely. "You're already ready. I was mistaken, my boy, you-"

"Save it," I said. "I don't do world-saving shenanigans."

He frowned, plopping another drink in front of me. "What do you mean?"

I tipped the glass to him appreciatively. "I struggled a long time with what you told me. But I loved you for it, you old codger, you. When my fans dropped me, it was the splash of cold water I needed to realize that they never loved me or you. They just liked the feeling of knowing they were *safe* from the horrid evils that assail us in the night."

"I don't follow."

I jabbed my finger at the thief, starting to come around. "I'm not a grand, world-saving chosen one. I'm just the guy at the bar who works in hut-building, who protects you from your fellow man when he gets out of hand. I don't get much thanks from it."

"But you still do it."

"Of course," I said crankily, draining the glass. "Knowing that they're safe, knowing that the people of this town sleep a bit sounder...that's been enough for me."

"Why the act?" he asked. "Why hide it from me for so long?"

I shrugged. "What you see is what you get. I'm not decked out in armor like your other Chosen One. I got out of shape - not much exercise when I can beat down crooks before they can even tell their friends about me. Not even in the hut-building business, cause it barely strains my muscles. Rapists and murderers don't live to see the light of day, so you never heard from them. I honestly never had a reason to tell you."

"And if the world needs you?" the bartender asked. "What then?"

I snorted. "Don't be daft. You're too wise for that. The world doesn't need me." I pointed at the poster of his last Chosen One. "The world needs an icon, a poster-boy, and I'm not that. I'll stick down here and fight for the little man, if you don't mind." Walking to the door, I turned around and frowned. "But you already knew that, didn't you? You just wanted me to come out and say it so I could stop hiding."

The bartender's face morphed back into the Archmage's kindly expression with eyes filled up to the brim with regret. "Of all the Chosen One's I've fostered, you were my greatest sorrow...and my greatest pride. I had no other choice."

I snorted. "Every other Chosen one died in a glorious blaze of self-indulgence, so I get it. I'm off, pops. Keep the hot water running. I'll be back before closing drinks."

And with that, I burst-stepped into the streets. The city sped by me, but I paid it no heed.

I'm not a Chosen One, or some kind of hero. I don't have a fancy title or a suit of armor or a white stallion. I'm just a face in the night, doing what I can do."A ghost haunting the junkyard?" Velma said. She pushed up her glasses and straightened her orange turtleneck. "Hardly seems likely."

"Not a ghost, exactly," the mayor said. "What did you call yourselves again?"

Fred puffed out his chest. "We're Mystery Incorporated, sir! We solve cases and take down evil spirits!"

"Uh huh," the mayor replied. "And what's your record, exactly?"

As they were leaving the place, Daphne rolled her eyes. Her heels clacked daintily down the stone steps of the mayors office. A chilly evening wind blew through her purple dress, forcing her to drag it down for modesty.

"I told you that wouldn't go as planned," she said. "What good is a mystery solving group of four teenagers that's never solved a case before?"

"Hey," Shaggy said, "You're forgetting our talking dog, Scooby!"

"Scooby doobie doo!"

"Come on, Daph," Velma said. "Let's just try this out together. Then they'll see that we're the best mystery-solving squad ever! Graduation is next week, and if we can't find a job together then we'll just...go our separate ways."

Daphne glanced at Fred. She unwrapped and rewrapped her green scarf as they walked past the town center. "Well, what do you want to do? Do we just check out this spirit haunting the middle of the junkyard? What did the mayor call it?"

"A poltergeist," Velma said. "An angry spirit known for its physical interactions with the real world."

"Awesome," Shaggy said. "Let's go there tonight!"

"No way," Daphne yelped. "Under no circumstances are we going there late at night!"

It was half past midnight when a shivering group of teenagers made their way past the rickety iron gate that heralded rows and rows of tombstones.

"I can't believe you talked me into this," Daphne stuttered through chattering lips. "This place is giving me the heebie-jeebies!"

"Alright, gang," Fred said jovially. "We need to cover more ground. Let's split up!"

"Sounds like a reasonable idea," Velma said knowledgeably.

"Sure thing, dude," Shaggy said. "Scooby, this way! I'll give you a Scooby Snack later"

"I'd do just about anything for a Scooby Snack," Scooby said happily, tail wagging despite the damp fog curling around the junkyard.

Daphne found herself alone wandering down one path, careful not to walk too close to the dilapidated piles of wires and old appliances. Before long, she saw it - an old van with the words "Mystery Machine" written on the side.

*Hello, there.*

"Jeepers!" she yelled. Glancing around, Daphne saw nothing and no one.

*Don't worry. I'm not going to hurt you.*

"Are you the...the poltergeist?"

A gentle laughter brushed across her mind like the summer breeze, carrying memories of strawberries and the scent of sawdust. *No, no such thing. I'm a klabautermann.*

"A what, now?"

*Klabautermann. A water spirit that got stranded on land after a ship I was guarding was grounded. Oh, how I miss my old crew.*

Daphne took a step backwards. "And you're the one causing the disturbances around here?"

*Me? Oh no. I can't even really talk that long. Most of my powers involve the vessel I inhabit, which is this vehicle. The real disturbance is being handled by your friends right now.*

Far in the distance, Daphne could hear her friends romping around the junkyard. Cries of *Zoinks*, *Ruh Roh,* and *Jinkies* bounced between the crashes of old TVs and radios. Daphne was about to help them when she felt a pressure in her mind.

*Don't worry, they'll be fine. It's just the mayor trying to draw attention to the town.*

"Oh," Daphne said. "Well, do you want to...go back to the ocean?"

*I can't anymore. All my essence has been cramped in this van for too long.* The spirit sounded wistful. *If only I had a crew to drive me. But maybe those days are past.*

Daphne considered this. "Maybe not."

When she drove the mystery van over to the group, she found them putting the mayor with the remnants of a ghost costume around him into a police car.

"Daphne!" Fred said. "We did it! It turned out to be the mayor all along!"

"And I would've gotten away with it too, if it hadn't been for you meddling kids...and your stupid dog, too!"

Daphne honked the wheel twice. "Fred! I found our ride. Can you drive it?" She knew Fred would be the perfect choice. He even looked like the former captain the klabautermann had described.

The whole group jumped in excitement. "Does that mean we're doing this thing?" Shaggy asked.

"Mystery Incorporated?" Velma echoed.

Daphne hesitated. She looked around the old van, at the signs of memories long faded and the promise of new ones to be made.

"Let's go, gang.""Maybe this isn't such a good idea." A woman with pigtails and a blue dress sat in front of me in the waiting room. "What if I regret wiping my memory of you cheating?"

"You won't even know that it happened," her boyfriend said. He wrapped a leather-clad arm around her and pulled her in. "And I'm here to do it with you. It's character rebuilding as well, remember? We can put the past behind us."

I caught snatches of similar conversations throughout the clinic as doctors and nurses bandied about handing out sign-in tablets. Rows and rows of bland office chairs all held people fretting about their decision. As it turns out, there's a lot of people trying to forget things.

Maybe today was the day I'd finally be free.

"Stephanie?" A gentle voice jostled me from my ruminations. "Can you take a moment to fill out your medical history and personal information? A doctor will be right with you."

I thanked the nurse and tapped through the screens. Name, check. Birthday, check. Occupation...there was no easy way to describe what I did. And the horrors I'd witnessed on the job I wouldn't wish upon anyone. I steeled my resolve. After today, there would be no more nightmares, no more pain.

In through the sliding doors went patient after patient. Sometimes their companions would wave them off, crying tears of joy or sadness depending on their situation. The mood in the room varied from the depths of misery to the heights of joy. It was different when they came out - usually it would be a solemn acceptance and camaraderie encouraged by the staff. We all knew this - recently treated patients were somewhat dazed and confused, taking a while to get used to their new outlook on life. Would I look as drunk and startled as them?

No matter. Anything was better than living with what I'd seen.

Slowly the room's occupants came and left. I hadn't made an appointment, so those with reservations took precedence. I reflected on my life while flipping through the magazine they left out. Before long I had to get up and stretch, snagging a quick drink of water from the gurgling cooler in the corner.

A doctor emerged from the mysterious chambers behind the clinic doors. "Stephanie?"

I stood up, almost forgetting to grab my bag before following him through.

The doctor led me past rooms of people, all entering the cryopods where patients would spend a few hours having their minds dissected and reformed. "I see you've filled out the form quite specifically," he said. "I want to reassure you that we are the best of the best, and if you experience any discomfort after the procedure you will be given a full refund."

"Thanks," I said. "But the memory will definitely be gone?" I couldn't keep the panic out of my tone, and he gripped my arm in reassurance.

"No matter what it is. This way, Stephanie."

We entered a dark room where the glowing cryopod awaited me. A helmet with blinking modules lay at the top, and the doctor had me sit in the pod before strapping it on.

"One last thing," the doctor said. "Normally patients like to share their memory that will be wiped one last time. It helps give them closure, and primes their brains to drag it out of long term storage before treatment. Now, I understand that yours is particularly traumatic, so I understand if you would like to abstain. Just know that I am a certified professional and am sworn to confidentiality."

I sighed. Preparing myself, I scrunched my eyes shut and wrapped my arms around my leg. "It's tough, but...I'll share. One last time, and then no more. No more pain or fear."

He waited patiently as I took several deep breaths. "The memory I'd like you to erase is..."

"Yes, Ms. Clifford?"

"The memory of Donald Trump's penis."