Lilwa_Dexel
**[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****


*****
**Part 2**

“Come now, girl, we must hurry!” Quick shouted over his shoulder.

It was a mystery to Leera how the old man could limp in such a high pace, and also why she was following him. With the exception of a sleep drunk eagle strutting over a rooftop, the town was empty. Everyone was still sleeping.

Jane’s Spire was a small city perched on a cliff, overlooking the Sleet Mire. In the old days, the city had been a watch post – a gatekeeper for the mountain pass into the dirt lands of Humus. This was as far as the air folk of Caeli would go, and that suited Leera well. Not too many annoying neighbors and enough customers for her small business. 

The steel cap at the bottom of Quick’s cane shot sparks against the cobblestone. Leera stumbled along the road, feeling like a child all over again, chasing her airborne brother. She felt tears welling up. Aelar was dead, why was she following this lunatic? She shook her head. Perhaps it was the uncertainty that had gnawed at her for all these years. Perhaps there was still an ounce of desperation somewhere for answers to all the questions she had long since put to rest.

“Where are we going?” she called out.

“Why, to Oceanpeak, of course! I believe I told you that already.”

“Yes, but where are we going this very moment?”

“Wheres and whens, always wheres and whens,” the old man muttered.

They had reached the last building of Jane’s Spire – the old windmill. Quick halted and looked up at the weather-worn sails. 

“Ah, I believe this is the place.”

“The place for what?”

Leera had barely finished her sentence when a large rock smashed into the ground only an arm’s length away from her. She gasped as another rock came flying straight for her. She was barely able to roll away in time.

“Now, this is all very rude,” she heard the old man mutter. “Very rude, indeed.”

Leera noticed three figures, wrapped in dust-brown cloaks, lurking in the shadow of a house. Rocks were swirling around their fists, and the ground seemed to sway under their feet.

“Hand over the Iso-bender, and we’ll spare your life, old man.”

The world had gone mad, Leera thought, completely and utterly mad. Last night she had made necklaces out of quartz and feathers, and now she was about to get kidnapped by a group of fanatic earth folk who thought she was some kind of special bender.

“You’ve got the wrong person!” cried Leera.

“Nice try, Caelica,” said one of them as the earth trembled below his feet.

“Don’t hurt him!” Leera pleaded. “He’s just a crazy old man; I’ll come willingly.”

She had heard the tales of the ruthless earth benders but had never thought she’d see one with her own eyes, much less being attacked by three of them. She didn’t owe the old man anything, but she’d hate to see him get hurt over a misunderstanding. Once the earth folk realized she was a useless mundane, they would let her go, and she could return to her simple life. She took a hesitant step towards her assailants.

“That’s a good Caelica. Just come over here and–”

The demeaning comment was cut short as the sound of wood against bone echoed over the mountainside. Quick had closed the gap between them in a blink and was now chasing the three earth benders around the building. His cane rose and fell to tactful whimpers of pain. Leera couldn’t believe her eyes. The old man was making the benders look like impudent school kids. Leera watched in awe as the cries grew distant. What had just happened?

A moment later, Quick appeared by her side. 

“That was very rude,” he muttered. “Now, where were we?”

“I.. I.. uh…”

“Oh, right, my favorite part,” he said and tapped his cane against the wooden façade of the windmill.

He muttered something under his breath, and the building started creaking and moving. The planks folded in and changed shape, the arms of the windmill shifted and retracted, and soon the old building was completely transformed. It was no longer a windmill, but an odd-looking keelboat. Quick held out his hand towards Leera.

“Miss Eirey, I present to you *Andromeda*! Please allow me to escort you on board.”

*****
**I'm completely blown away by the response from you guys! Thank you so much.****[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
Part 2

Alucard paced back and forth in his office. The discarded white coat lay in a heap on the floor. He buttoned the silver cuffs of his black tuxedo – was this, perhaps, too much for a home call? He did want to look good for the descendant of Lucy, and wouldn’t have given it a second thought a few centuries ago, but with each generation, the values and expectations seemed to change – humans were strange when it came to social norms and dress codes. 

He shook his head and stepped into the elevator outside. A short surgeon in bright green scrubs leaned into the corner, staring at her phone. As the doors slid shut and his shadow fell over her, he couldn’t help but think how easy it would be. People were so absorbed by their little gadgets these days that they even failed to realize that the deadliest predator on the planet was only an arm’s length away. 

A sharp smell of hand sanitizer filled the elevator, and Alucard crinkled his nose. The hospital was a great place to keep your urges in check, not only because of the blood bags. He would never even consider sinking his teeth into someone who smelled like this.

The elevator pinged and the doors slid open again.  

“Have a good night, Dr. Acula,” Nurse Beatrice called out as he swept by the reception desk on his way out.

“You too, my dear,” the doctor said in a soft tone that still somehow managed to pierce the noise of the hospital. “You too...”

The night was crisp and thin clouds framed the silvery moon above the naked treetops. A smell of fresh rain and soil hung in the air. 

Alucard’s polished dress shoes crunched against the gravel in the parking lot. He halted, and his dark eyes scanned the wet windows of the cars and the shady treeline of the nearby forest. His nostrils flared. Someone was watching him, he could feel it. Was there something out, hiding in the undergrowth?

Suddenly, he heard the thudding beat of a heart behind him, and the flow of blood through excited veins. Then the sound of rapid footfalls. The doctor turned around, and an intern with a flushed face ran up to him.

“You forgot your bag, Dr. Acula,” the boy said and offered him the case of medical supplies.

“My gratitude,” Alucard said slowly and eyed the intern.

He was thin and shied away from the doctor’s gaze. He seemed almost too young and was probably fresh out of med-school. Alucard hadn’t seen him around before.

“You’re welcome!” the boy said, a bit too enthusiastically.

“What’s your name?”

“I’m Jonathan.”

A shadow fell across the face of the old vampire. Naturally, a lot of people were called Jonathan, but the odds of Van Helsing showing up the same day he ran into someone with *that* name seemed unlikely.

“Well… I’ll just… I’ll be going then,” the boy continued when the doctor remained silent. 

The tiny hairs on the boy’s arms and neck stood up, and he slowly backed away before turning and running into the hospital. Alucard licked his lips and walked over to his car. He gave the dark trees of the forest a final glance before getting in.

The road took him to a mansion in the hills just outside the city. It was built in a Gothic design with tall spires and winding arches. Gargoyles with cruel and twisted faces kept close watch over the gate and the alley of naked poplars that led up to the property.

While the mansion was tiny compared to his castle back home, Alucard knew that the Westenra’s were well-off. Almost a century had passed since the family left England and moved overseas. He had decided to make their new home part of his territory for sentimental reasons. His deal with Van Helsing had been to take a break – and that he had. For over a hundred years he had abstained from drinking straight from of the vein. He had kept his word and, in return, the old professor had stayed out of his way.

The massive lion door knocker thundered against the darkened wood. When the echoes faded out, the silence of the countryside took over. A lonely crow cawed from a nearby tree, desperately trying to fill the void. Several minutes went by before Professor Van Helsing opened the door.

“Please, come on in,” he said without a hint of hesitation.

A smirk touched the thin lips of the doctor. Few people possessed the knowledge about vampires and those who did usually refrained from inviting them in. The old professor had always been an exception to the rule, and it seemed like he hadn’t changed one bit.

***


Subscribe for updates.**[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
*****
**Part 2**

**Sarah**

Despite the heat, Sarah zipped up her anti-contamination suit and stepped into the tent.  The strange metallic sphere still rested on the table. She took a deep breath and sat down on the chair.

“How was your lunch, Sarah?” the ball said.

“Uhm… good, I suppose.” 

She still couldn’t believe that she had found a talking ball. At first, she had thought it was some untasteful prank played on her by her team… but she had run the tests, and the strange object dated back at least 15000 years. And on top of that, it told her not to tell her colleagues about it. *I’ll make you look insane if you tell them*, it had whispered as soon as she reached for her phone.

“How was your… err, stay on the table, Mr. Tut?”

“For the last time, woman, I’m not Tut!”

“How did you end up in his sarcophagus then?” She crossed her arms and looked through her notes.

“I told you it’s complicated. Also, use your brain, please. The pyramids of Giza are less than five thousand years old. I’m much older. You know this is true.”

“Yes… I just can’t believe it. What are you even?”

“I have many names… but *you* can call me Raphael.”

“Why do you say that in a seductive tone? You’re a chromium sphere.”

“Excuse me. I haven’t had a conversation with a mortal in such a long time, especially not one as… alive and beautiful as you.”

“Can you see me?”

“Of course not. And that’s why I need your help.”

Sarah shifted in her seat. This whole situation was beyond her expertise as an archaeologist. Maybe if she recorded the voice…

“I know that silence,” the ball said. “I’ve been around for a long time – I know the deafening hush of treason.”

“I wasn’t–”

“Come on; I’ve spent two full centuries learning everything about psychology. Don’t try to trick me.”

Sarah’s shoulders slumped. The smart thing was to tell her colleagues, but the sphere had threatened never to talk again if she did. It had demanded that she’d smuggle it to Tokyo. How it knew about Tokyo was a mystery as well.

“Are you an alien artifact?”

The ball, which had been in the middle of a drawn out lecture on human psychology stopped mid-sentence. It snorted and then started laughing. Sarah found the sound quite eerie.

“No, I’m a person just like you… well, I was. At least until the meteor hit and the ocean swallowed my city.”

“I don’t understand. Why can’t you just let me tell my colleagues about you? Why do you want to be a secret?”

“It’s not that I want to be a secret… it’s that I don’t want to know people. There are enough ghosts around as it is. And that’s also the reason why we need to go to Tokyo!”

“Ghosts?”

“I tried to explain this to you before you so rudely went to fill your stomach – those who I know and remember, who did not already pass over to the other side while I was dead, are going to become ghosts when they die. Since I’m technically alive again and know a lot of ghosts already,  that is a big enough problem… I do not want more around.”

“I don’t understand,” Sarah said.

“That’s the beauty of it – you don’t have to understand. All you have to do is take me to Tokyo!”

*****
**Raphael**

I sighed. Convincing this woman to do my bidding was much harder than I had thought. I had tried flattery and intimidation. Now that I was stuck in this ball, I pretty much depended on her for transport. How had Tut come into possession of my ball? It should’ve been buried on the ocean floor along with the rest of Atlantis. Once I had my own body, I’d get to the bottom of this.

“To feel the breeze in my hair and the rain on my skin again,” I mumbled. “If you take me to Tokyo, I’ll make every single one of your dreams come true. How about that?”

She was quiet for a long time. Probably debating if she could somehow deceive me or gain the upper hand. 

“Fine,” she said and picked me up. “But the list is long…”

“I have a lot of time.”

*******[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
**Part 3**

The soles of their shoes and the tapping of Professor Van Helsing’s cane echoed in the vast entry hall of the Westenra Mansion. Modern electric braziers shed a trembling light – meant to imitate that of living flames – over the winding marble staircase. There was, however, something missing from the usual experience of an old building. There was a particular set of smells that were required in a building like this – dust, mold, old leather, withering books – and the lack thereof put a dent in the experience. People actually lived here and had the place cleaned far too often for Alucard’s taste. 

“Tell me something, Professor,” Alucard said. “What brought you to my city in the first place?”

“You already know the answer to that.”

“You’ve been keeping an eye on me, this whole time.”

“I have no illusions of what you are, Count,” Helsing said. “I still remember.”

The mention of his title sent a flickering red spark into the eyes of the doctor. It was a long time since he had visited his home in Transylvania – perhaps too long – and his old life seemed very distant. The idea had been to return one day. Start fresh.

The old enemies entered a chamber draped in a woven tapestry that matched the silver of the moon that peeked in through one of the large windows. A stench of citronella and dried rosemary hung thick in the air, but at least there was no garlic.

A woman in her sixties, clad in an apron and a bulky dress rose from her seat next to a four-poster bed with the curtains closed. 

“Alucard, this is Laura; Laura, Alucard.”

“Thank you for coming, Doctor.” Her pudgy cheeks moved out of the way to make room for a nervous smile. “I’ve heard a lot of good things about you. Abraham tells me you’re a specialist!”

It took a moment for the vampire to realize that she was talking about Van Helsing. He’d only ever known the professor by his last name, and the revelation warped his bottom lip into an odd leer of disgust and amusement. 

“The pleasure is all mine.” Alucard’s eyes met Van Helsing’s for a stiff moment. “May I see the patient?”

“Oh, Olivia is resting right now,” Laura said, wringing her hands. “Maybe it’d be best if we–”

“It’ll only take a moment.” Alucard put a hand on the woman’s shoulder and noticed how she shuddered. 

Under the watchful eye of Van Helsing, Alucard paced over to the bed and pulled the curtain to the side. He was met by a smell of sweat and fresh bed sheets – it stirred fond memories from a lifetime ago. Memories that he quickly shook out of his head. 

He sat down next to the sleeping girl. Her blonde hair spilled down the pillow and gathered in golden lakes on her shoulders. The pale skin of her face and arms had a dangerous luster. The old vampire felt himself drawn to the smoothness of her cheeks and the white hills of her collarbone. The soft ticking of her pulse beckoned him. She had that same tranquil beauty as Lucy.

He noticed that his hand was hovering over Olivia’s throat. Quickly, he pulled it back. The same blood that had once rolled over his tongue pumped through the girl’s veins. Over a century later and the thought of her liquid rubies still made him dizzy with desire. 

He opened his bag and pulled a set of rubber gloves over his hands, and then surgically lifted the blonde locks out of the way. Two distinct incisions ruined the otherwise flawless skin of her neck. They were perfectly round in shape, and there were no signs of tearing, which meant that this wasn’t the work of some fledgling. An older vampire had done this – one that had enough self-restraint not to rip the entire throat open in the heat of the moment.

The black eyes of the vampire met gray ones of Professor Van Helsing once more. This time, however, it was in understanding. 

“I had her moved here for your visit.” Van Helsing sat down in an armchair and let his cane rest over his knees. “She’s normally in a room much more… *safe*.”

Alucard knew that the professor had wanted to say ‘vampire proof, ’ but Laura was still watching anxiously from the other side of the room.

“Was she in the house when you noticed the marks?”

“As far as I know.”

“Do you know what’s wrong with her, Doctor?” Laura asked.

“I believe she’s suffering from acute blood loss. It can happen to young women. I’m going to leave her with some iron pills. For now, I think–”

Olivia's turquoise eyes opened wide. She let out a bloodcurdling shriek.

***


Thanks for reading. This really blew up!

Thanks for the gold!

If you feel like helping an aspiring writer out, here's my .**[WP] A girl becomes pen pals with a demon prince when she accidentally intercepts one of his magic scrolls. They carry on correspondence for years, confessing their secrets & dreams to each other. One day, the prince, soon to be king, sends the girl, now a woman, a final scroll: a marriage proposal.**
***
New?  for the first part.
***
**Part 2**

Amanda awoke to the sound of her phone beeping. The small bedroom in her student apartment swirled in the light from the display.  She’d slept well into the afternoon, and the darkness outside reached in through the window, its long fingers attempting to smother the light. Winter had always been her least favorite season -- cold and dark and depressing - especially when the snow turned to slush and the ice melted into puddles.

The room swayed. The opened letter sat illicitly on her pillow. She’d been to Hell. Marc was an actual demon. Not just a perpetual brooder as she had thought. 

>*I’ll be spending this weekend in the Dens of Misery.* 

The words from his letters echoed through her mind. 

>*I grew up in the darkest corner of the Hell’s underbelly.*

>*My brother is something of a mix between a pig and a sloth.*

>Sometimes when I close my eyes, I hear lamentations of the sinners. Oh, to someday be the ruler of these blasted lands.

That had all registered as symbolic and lyrical to Amanda, but now it had a new meaning. She shuffled into the bathroom and flipped off her haggard reflection in the mirror. She had a lot of work ahead of her if she wanted to look decent for the date.

Amanda ran her fingers through her dirty blonde locks. How does one impress the King of Hell? She shook her head. No, he had to impress her. She wasn’t even sure she liked him anymore.

***

La Guinness sat on a hill just outside the city. It was one of the oldest and most famous restaurants in the country, and to get a reservation there you had to sell your soul -- at least, that was the rumor.

Chandeliers sparkled in the ceiling, and waiters scurried back and forth between the kitchen and the tables, delivering all sorts of fancy cuisine for the overly rich guests. As a student, Amanda could barely afford takeout sushi once a week, much less eating in a restaurant with this many stars.

She found Marc at a table near a window with a view over a frozen pond and the snowclad forest outside. He rose and smiled at her.

“I hope the cold didn’t bite your cheeks off,” he said and pulled out her chair.

Amanda just stared, covering her mouth. “You’re on fire…”

“This old thing?” Marc brushed off the flaming shoulders of his blazer. “Come on, have a seat.”

Somewhat reluctantly, Amanda sat down. She glanced at the other guests, but nobody seemed to pay much attention to the demon in their midst.

“I come here every Friday,” Marc explained. “I made a deal with the owner back in 1832.”

Amanda leaned in over the table, whispering, “You said you were young!”

“Oh, but I am! At just under two thousand years old, I’m the youngest ruler of Hell ever.”

Marc grinned at Amanda’s frown and picked up the menu. 

“Two thousand…” Amanda mumbled. “I thought you were my age.”

“Age is immaterial... unlike the Slow-Cooker Boeuf Bourguignon, which, in my humble opinion, is one of the cornerstones of the mortal plane.”

Amanda rolled her eyes but struggled to keep the smile off her lips. “I guess I’ll have that then.”

“A very wise choice!” Marc gestured to the waiter, who just nodded from across the room and went into the kitchen. “That’s Paulus. We have a somewhat... *special* relationship. I think he really gets me.”

“I’m not sure I want to know…” Amanda said, looking sideways at the entrance to the kitchen.

Marc’s smile grew wider still. He uncorked the bottle that stood on the table. “I took the liberty of ordering wine. Can I… *tempt* you with a glass?”

“I, um, I don’t usually drink…”

“I know that, but try just a sip of this. It’s heavenly, I promise.” He poured her a glass. “Not that I’ve ever been there or anything.”

His red irises flared as he spoke. His jaw muscles flexed under the pale skin. He kept talking, but the words didn’t register. Amanda blinked and shook her head. She couldn’t believe how easy it was to get lost in the contours of his face.

“I’m sorry, what?” she said, and took a sip.

“I said that you look positively stunning in that dress.”

She pinched the shoulder strap. “This old thing?”

Marc chuckled and raised his glass, and was just about to toast when his phone rang.

“Excuse me. One moment,” he said and put the phone to his ear.

Amanda could hear the murmur of someone with a very dark voice on the other end.

“What part of *‘do not disturb me under any circumstances’* did you not get?” Marc rumbled. “Aha… okay… are you certain? Mhm… right, fine… I’ll be there.”

“What’s going on?” Amanda asked when Marc put the phone down.

“Bit of a situation back home. Apparently, Lucifer just broke out of the cage and… well, there’s all sorts of trouble.” Marc stood up. “I’m really sorry to do this, Amanda, but I kind of have to leave.”

“Oh, um, okay…” Amanda stood up as well.

“Please stay and enjoy the meal, it’s on me. Again, I’m really sorry; perhaps you’ll give me another chance?”

Amanda crossed her arms. “I’ll think about it.”

“Thank you,” Marc said and disappeared in a burst of flames.

Amanda sat down and took another sip. Did this count as being stood up? Probably. She sighed. At least she could cross that off her bucket list: getting stood up by the King of Hell.

*****[WP] The real reason why the villain is doing evil is because he/she has a crush on the hero and this is the only way to see him/her**
*****

*****

I gazed out over the city. Everything was ready. The explosives were rigged, the hostages were taken, and the table was set for a romantic dinner for two. All I needed now was–

“Stop right there!” the heroine cried and swooped down.

“Or what?” I said. “You’re standing on top of a dam rigged with explosives! And do you see that boat down there – that’s right – they’re trapped just beneath the floodgates.”

 She put her hands on her hips. I pointed my finger at her. 

“This time, you’re too late!”

“I thought we said eight?”

“Right… right, you’re right…” I mumbled. “This time, you’re *almost* too late!”

I was just about to burst into a fit of evil laughter when she took a step closer. I felt my heart jump. With the artificial lake behind her and the wind tugging her hair, she was the very icon of perfection.

“You have exactly one hour until the explosives go off,” I showed her a ticking timer strapped to my chest. “Then the city will get flooded!”

“One hour?”

“Yes,” I said and ushered her to the table. “You don’t want to rush this dinner.”

“Thank you,” she said as I pulled out the chair for her.

As soon as she was seated I hurried over to get the first dish. 

“Oh, smells wonderful! You didn’t have to do all this.”

“It was no trouble… no trouble at all.”

“Yummy, I love chicken.”

Chicken? I felt my blood pressure rise. “It’s actually pan-roasted duck breasts with sherry, honey, and thyme sauce…”

“It’s good anyway! Must’ve taken you a long time to prepare?”

“No, not at all. It’s just our first… I mean, it’s a dinner for two long-time enemies, no big deal.”

Not like I was up all night perfecting the dish. Not like the cooking had taken longer than setting up the explosives and trapping the innocent people on that boat. Chicken… humph!

After four more courses and a dessert, the time was running out. There were five minutes left. I had treated her to all my best cooking, most of which she probably hadn’t enjoyed as much as she should’ve.

“It’s been lovely! But I must now stop you,” she said and got out of her seat.

“About that…” I said and a devious smile crept up over my face. “Like I said earlier, *too late!*”

Her eyes went wide as I pressed the manual detonator. An explosion erupted. But it was above us and not below. 

“Oh my god,” she said and looked up at the fireworks. “You totally got me.”

“I released the hostages as soon as we started eating,” I said as flowers of fire popped in the night sky. “And I made sure to take care of all the small-time criminals in the city. You have the entire night off.”

“Aw, I can’t believe you’ve been a villain for all these years.” She took a step closer. “Come here so I can kiss you.”

“No!” I said. “Never on the first date.”

“Oh, okay. Well, at least you admit it was a date.”

“I did no such thing…” I swept my cape mysteriously and disappeared into the night. “Until next time…”

*****
Edit:

Wow... Can't believe how this one blew up! Thanks for all the super sweet comments and all the new subscribers! 

 is now complete, hope you like it!**[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
*****
**Part 3**

**Sarah**

The strange orb fit perfectly in her hand like an apple. Ever since she found it in the tomb, Sarah had wondered what was inside the sleek chromium shell. It didn’t weigh enough to be solid metal.

“Do you… open?” she asked as she was preparing a small shipping crate.

“Your mind should be focused on the task at hand. Please do not concern yourself with technicalities.”

“Sorry,” she said and filled the crate with bubble wrap. “Where was Atlantis?”

 The orb sighed. “You ask a lot of questions.”

“It’s just… you’re the greatest find in the history of archeology. Of course, I have questions.”

“From what I’ve learned, humans care little about history. Truths become twisted between generations, and soon mistakes are repeated. It only takes about a century for things to be forgotten.”

“Please? I need to know, what was it like when you were alive?”

“Wouldn’t you rather know what it was like in the trenches during World War I? Or when they put Jesus on the cross? Wouldn’t it be far more interesting to hear about the Salem Witch Trials?”

“I have history books for that.”

“That you do, but I was there. I felt their pain and misery.”

Sarah crossed her arms.

“Fine, I’ll tell you. Atlantis was a lot like your world today. Have you ever been to Los Angeles?”

“No.”

“I can tell you that Atlantis was far from perfect, we had our problems just like you do. We were advanced when it came to technology, and nobody had to work. The world became a popularity contest instead – singers, actors, artists – everyone competing for the spotlight. People became aloof and insincere. The only thing that mattered was fame – that was the only worthwhile currency.”

“Oh…” Sarah said, unable to hide the disappointment in her voice. “What are we doing in Japan?”

“Enough! If you’re ready, pack me up. Let’s get going. Once you’ve done what I ask, I’ll answer your questions, and you can become the most famous archeologist in the world, or whatever your little heart desires.”

Sarah tucked the metal sphere inside the crate and closed the lid. She hadn’t realized until now how hard she was sweating. Talking to an ancient being was mentally exhausting, and she couldn’t help but feel terrified of it. She didn’t believe for a second that it was a ghost, though, it had to be some kind of antique AI, but she didn’t know enough to be sure.

The crate appeared like any other. She slapped a **Handle with Care** sticker on it, and then placed it in shipment. She had a few hours to get to the airport and desperately needed a shower.

She left the tent feeling anxious. This was the first time in her life that she had committed a crime. If someone found out that she was shipping recently uncovered relics, she would be in a lot of trouble. Her first thought had been to take the orb with her on the plane, but she had been harshly lectured on what a bad idea that was.

It was disturbing how much the orb knew about everything from shipment regulations, classic history, and even archeology. It seemed to know more than she did, and Sarah had been in the field since college.

She wiggled out of the latex suit, feeling the breeze on her wet skin. The sun was setting over the pyramids and the blazing heat of the day was finally dwindling. Discovery was something that excited her – that’s why she had chosen this career path – and even though the orb terrified her, she couldn’t help but feel excited.

****
**Raphael**

I heard her leaving the tent and let out a massive sigh of relief. If she knew what I had planned, she probably wouldn’t have agreed to ship me to Tokyo. It had taken every ounce of my persuasion skills, but the deed was finally done.

Of course, I would need her to pick me up and smuggle me into… well, that time that sorrow. I tried to access the memories from when I was alive – I was going to need my old know-hows again. The orb somehow made it easier to keep the memories organized. Everything was so much clearer now that I had cataloged them. 

Another thing I realized was that the memories were sharper, more objective, less clouded by emotion. I accessed one of my oldest memories.

I suddenly found myself in my old workshop, assembling the parts of my latest creation. Outside, the turquoise waves lapped against the white beach. I glanced at the calendar – only two months left until Arella would be close enough to Earth. I smiled inwardly. 

*****
*Thanks for the gold!***[WP] You feel an overwhelming need to take out the trash, shower frequently, and feed the poor. A soft, calming voice whispers compliments in your ear. You've been possessed... by an angel.**
***
John slammed the beeping alarm clock and turned over in his bed. The girl with the white-blonde hair had followed him all the way home and insisted that he helped Mrs. Burkowitz carry in her groceries before finally taking off. He rubbed his eyes and sat up, the embarrassment from yesterday still burning in his veins. He'd never been good with girls, but the incident with Maureen was a new rock bottom.

Like a zombie, he shuffled through the small student apartment and almost made it to the bathroom when a sticking smell reached his nose. He backtracked a couple of steps and drowsily looked into the kitchen. He blinked.

"Okay, um, this is not what it looks like!" the girl from the day before cried, balancing a burning frying pan in one hand and a pack of smashed eggs in the other. 

Without a word, John rushed over and took the pan out of her hands and drowned it in the sink. Thick smoke swirled into the ceiling.

"What the hell!" he said, snatching away the dripping box of eggs as well.

"Okay, first of all, no need to curse like that. Swearing is a bad habit and you should be rid of it." She bounced away from the stove and sat down by the kitchen table.

John watched her in disbelief. "...is there a 'secondly'?"

"Oh, uh, *secondly* you need new eggs!" She nodded for emphasis. "Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. You can't jimmy-jammy with things like that."

"Jimmy-jammy? What? How did you even get in here?"

"I'm an angel," she said with a shrug. "You've been skipping breakfast a lot lately, it's not good. I thought I'd help."

"By burning down the kitchen?"

"I told you that it's not what it looks like!" She sighed loudly. "Gosh, you really need to learn how to listen."

John watched her flip through a magazine left on the table, trying to figure out what to make of this. She wore the same white dress as yesterday, but her round cheeks had grown a small rose garden and her violet eyes seemed less interested in him now. Or perhaps she was faking it, he thought, noticing her stealing a glance.

"What's your name?" John said after a while.

"Who, me?"

"No, the other annoying girl who claims to be an angel." John rolled his eyes.

The girl looked around the room in confusion. "There's only me here!"

John narrowed his eyes. "My bad... I guess."

"I forgive you!" She beamed. "My name is Pix."

"Pix? That's an unusual name," John said and started scrubbing the burnt food off the frying pan.

"Do you like it?"

"It's weird."

"Oh." The girl looked down, the sunshine draining out of her face. "Oh."

"You broke into my home and almost burned the kitchen down!" 

She looked up at him, eyes big and bottom lip wobbling.

"Does that give you the right to call me weird?" she whispered. "To stab my soul... and stomp on my heart... and insult my grandmother..."

"Your grandmother? What?" 

"She was called Pix too!" Her big eyes filled with tears. "She was a good angel!"

"Whatever. Fine. I'm sorry."

John watched in disbelief as Pix grabbed the magazine and blew her nose in it. She smiled weakly and turned the page. 

After several minutes of intense scrubbing, John gave up on the pan and made himself a sandwich instead. He still hadn't decided if he should skip school today. Perhaps that would be best.

"Don't you have class?" he mumbled.

"Class? Oh, no, I don't go to school anymore."

"How come?"

"I already graduated." She nodded proudly and lifted her bangs, revealing a thin band of gold around her head. "I'm a certified angel now."

"Right..."

John ate in silence. He needed to come up with something good to say to Maureen. Perhaps he should apologize for coming on to her so strongly. But then she'd never respect him again. He shook his head. Maybe he could transfer to another school somehow?

"What should I do?" he said, more to himself than to Pix, but she answered nonetheless. 

"About?"

"Maureen."

"Oh!" Pix smiled sweetly. "Nothing."

"Nothing? I can't do nothing. I need to fix this."

Pix shook her head, whipping her blonde locks around. "Nope. Definitely not."

"How can you be so sure?"

"Love isn't a thing that you can repair. It's a living creature that needs to grow."

John frowned. "Who said anything about love?"

Pix gave him a long hard look. "According to *The Cherub's Handbook on Human Interactions,* if a male human gives a female human an assortment of decapitated plants and has an elevated heart rate, it means that he is in love. I've done my homework."

"I think it's a bit more complicated than that."

Pix shrugged. "What are we doing today?"

"I don't know about you, but I'm skipping school today. I'll probably spend the day killing aliens on my Xbox."

"Killing is a sin. Aliens are people too."

"But it's so much fun," John said grimly, which made Pix gasp. "Video game -- not real."

"Oh, uh. I guess that's fine then. After you've cleaned your apartment... and walked your neighbor's dog; because he hurt his leg two days ago... and we should visit a soup kitchen before the day is over... oh, and... wait where are you going?"

John locked to door to his room and put on his earphones. He'd be damned if he had to listen to her all day.


***
Subscribe for more!**[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
**Part 2**

Exhausted, Tim fell back into his chair. Outside, the first light of the day burned the sky over the city of glass. He’d been up all night, repairing the android, and it was finally ready. The complexity of the inner wiring was astonishing, but it was nothing compared to the encrypted software. Without the help from the mysterious emailer, he wouldn’t even have been able to turn her leg into a dog toy, much less restore the damaged circuits.

“All right,” he mumbled and leaned over her. “Let’s start you up.”

Normally, the model didn’t have a manual on-switch, but the emailer had shown him how to make one. He reached around her neck and flipped it. The eyelids of the android fluttered. She blinked and opened her eyes. They were blank.

“Stand up,” Tim said.

“Yes, Master,” she responded monotonously, and stiffly rose to her feet.

“Turn.”

“Eee, eee, eee, eee.” Her rigid arms moved up and down, and she rotated her upper body back and forth. “Beep. Boop.”

Tim’s forehead creased into a frown. All her movement seemed to belong to a lousy dancer, imitating a robot. He must’ve screwed up the wiring, or somehow–

The android giggled and turned around. Tim fell out of his chair in surprise. Her smiling lips opened in full laughter. 

“Are you okay?” she said, drying her eyes on the back of her hand. “You should’ve seen the look on your face!”

“Very funny,” Tim said and staggered to his feet, trying to regain some of his composure. “Grade A humor right there…”

She shrugged and stuffed one of her fingers into her nose, digging out an ant. “Eww!”

“Yeah, about that…” It was Tim’s turn to smile. “You smell.”

“Eh, rude?” 

Hands on her hips, she stepped over to the mirror. Her thin fingers traced the still open gash on her cheek. She shook her head disapprovingly.

“What the hell did you do to me?” she said with a dark look. “Also, where are my clothes?”

Tim held up his hands. “I didn’t do anything.”

She looked at him sideways, narrowing her eyes. “I need a shower and clothes.”

“Door to the left,” Tim said. “I’ll leave some clothes for you outside.”

***
Tim must’ve nodded off because when he opened his eyes, she sat cross-legged on his bed, wearing one of his hoodies. It looked absolutely baggy on her. Locks of wet blonde hair draped her face, and she stared at the screen of his laptop. She swayed slowly, and her lips moved to the inaudible music from her earplugs. 

Tim rose quickly and pulled the laptop out of her hands, causing the earplugs to pop out of the socket. 

*“…burning through the sky, two hundred degrees, that’s why they call me Mr. Fahrenheit, I’m traveling at the speed of light, I wanna make a supersonic man out of you…”*

“What the hell is your problem?” she cried to beat the loud music.

Tim pressed 'space' and locked Freddie Mercury’s face in a grave accusing expression. He hoped she hadn’t looked at the emails.

“That’s my computer.”

“I wasn’t planning on stealing it!” She crossed her arms and glared at him.

Tim sighed and sat down. “I don’t know you. I don’t want you going through my stuff.”

“Are you joking? You’ve *literally* kidnapped me and won’t even let me watch YouTube!”

She threw up her hands angrily and rose from the bed. Tim stood up again, as well. At full height, she barely reached his shoulder.

“I dug you out of a dumpster and brought you back to life. You’re free to leave whenever you like.” Tim pointed with his entire arm at the front door.

“Whatever,” she said and turned away. “You’re still an ass.”

“You’re just a robot.”

“I have a name.”

“And what’s that?”

“Nano.” She said and rolled her magenta eyes at him. “Nanofyourgoddamnbusiness.”

Tim shook his head and shuffled into the kitchen. His stomach churned. He hadn’t eaten anything since that sandwich yesterday. That’s where it all had started – that lunchbox. He had almost completely forgotten that he was dealing with an unregistered model.

He took a deep breath and put a frozen pizza in the microwave. His heart still hammered in his chest, and his left hand was clenched into a fist. The fact that he’d been so riled up by a machine didn’t sit well with him. But she was just so lifelike, and so freaking annoying.

He bent down and activated Bobo. The small silvery pug bounced up and down and licked his hand, green lights flashing happily. Whenever stress or his emotions threatened to overwhelm him, he could trust the mechanical pet to make everything better. 

He smiled and took a bite of the pizza. An icon flashed at the bottom of the computer screen. He had another unopened email.

>I’m happy I could help you out.

>I’ve attached a list of what you need to repair the broken skin on her cheek and knee. As well as instructions.

>As a favor from a friend to a friend. Can you take her with you to class on Monday?

*****[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
  
****
**Part 3**

With the wind tugging the locks of her vanilla hair, Leera closed her eyes and spread her arms. She pretended she was flying on her own and not just standing on Andromeda’s bow. The chilly autumn air dug its teeth into her cheeks and nose, turning them bright pink. 

As a child, Leera had always dreamed of flying – to float effortlessly through the air – she had never expected that her first trip to the skies would be aboard a strange flying windmill-turned-boat. She had imagined it to be with her brother and not a crazy old man. 

Far below, the Sleet Mire sped by. From up here, the naked thickets of Venus Dogwood, which dotted the swamp, looked like giant bird’s nests. When they blossomed in the summer, they turned into white snowballs, which was how the patch of wetland got its name.

Leera glanced at Quick who was currently manning the rudder, which was made out of a millstone. He had his broad back turned against her, but over the howling wind, she could still hear him singing. It was a melody that she had heard somewhere before, but couldn’t quite place. For some reason the song caused her heart to ache. 

Her ears strained to pick up the words. The song told a story about the old days when the four nations lived in peace. When fire folks married water folks, and when the people from Caeli and Humus called each other brother. It was a beautiful tale of co-existence and acceptance – of celebrating differences instead of condemning them. Nothing but a fairytale, Leera thought, and walked over to the stern.

Quick smiled as she approached. “Want to take the wheel?”

“I’m okay,” she said and hugged herself against the cold. “How long until we reach Oceanpeak?”

“By my estimations, just about seven days.”

“Seven? I thought you said you saw Aelar this morning.”

“Oh, but I did. You see, I can travel faster if I… how should I say…”

“If you didn’t have to bring me along,” she mumbled.

The old man nodded. “But don’t worry, once you get the hang of things, you’ll be able to travel just as fast!”

Leera shook her head. “You still think I’m a bender.”

“And not just any lousy bender,” Quick said and winked under the monocle. “But right now you should get some rest. We’ll arrive in Brimport at dawn.”

“Brimport?”

Leera had heard of the last neutral city. She had always been told that the place crawled with outcasts from all the four nations and that it was a place of decadence and depravity. The city was only ever mentioned when things were going poorly. People would nod solemnly and say: ‘At least we don’t live in Brimport.’

“Why, yes. I have some critical business to take care of before we go to the capital.”

Leera didn’t dare to ask what that meant. ‘Brimport business’ was a synonym of shady dealings. She hoped she could stay on the ship.

 Under the deck, Leera found a blanket and tucked herself in on one of the cots. She still couldn’t grasp what had happened today – meeting the strange Quick, getting attacked by earth bender bandits, and flying for the first time – it all seemed so surreal. She was leaving behind a life of blandness to meet her brother, who had been dead for fifteen years. If he was alive – and that was a big ‘if' – she couldn’t for the life of her understand why he hadn’t contacted her; why he hadn’t told her he was okay. She understood that having a mundane sister was shameful if you were an air bender. But just a letter to let her know he was alive – would that have been too much to ask for?

She held her necklace tightly against her chest. The rocks were from the shore of that lake, all those years ago. It was the only thing she had kept from her childhood. Whenever she had a bad dream or a fit of anxiety, clutching the rocks would console her. They were warm against her skin, and even though she would never admit it to other people or say it out loud, the rocks felt like home.

*******[WP] A girl becomes pen pals with a demon prince when she accidentally intercepts one of his magic scrolls. They carry on correspondence for years, confessing their secrets & dreams to each other. One day, the prince, soon to be king, sends the girl, now a woman, a final scroll: a marriage proposal.**
***
New?  for the first part.
***

**Part 3**

The finals were drawing closer, and even though Amanda should’ve been studying, she instead spent her days in a limbo of procrastination and guiltily glances at the statistics textbook. Whoever had made math part of the curriculum deserved to rot in hell. She smiled. Perhaps Marc could arrange it.

A few days had passed since he stood her up -- or well, semi-stood-her-up -- and she checked the mail more often than she’d like to admit, but so far nothing. Lucifer escaping sounded serious, but still! At least Marc could’ve sent her some flowers and a written apology.

Amanda glanced at the textbook again. The source of her problems. She held out her hand at the book. Face strained, willing it to catch fire. After several minutes of combustion attempts, she tossed it across the room and fell back on her bed.

A knock came on the door. 

“I’m studying!” Amanda cried, hoping he wouldn’t notice how badly she wanted to see him again. But it wasn't Marc who opened the door.

“Then why is your textbook here?” Sarah said and stepped over the book into the apartment.

“It escaped its stupid cage…” Amanda pouted and propped herself up on her elbows.

“You look like hell,” Sarah said and hung off her winter by the door.

Amanda sighed. She tried to come up with a good retort, but Sarah looked like she was ready to go out. Her cinnamon locks curled around her rosy cheeks, and the dress barely reached her mid-thighs. She also wore heels.

“It’s Monday, where are you going?” Amanda said.

“I’m actually going on a date tonight.”

Amanda rolled her eyes internally. Sarah was a great friend, but she never seemed to get it together and had a new boyfriend each month.

“With who?”

“Oh, it’s no one you know,” Sarah said, a secretive smile tugging at her lips. “Anyway, I just came by to say ‘hi.’”

*And gloat about having a date.* Amanda wrinkled her nose. “Are you going to tell me about him?”

Sarah sat down on the bed and gave her an excited grin. “Well, if you must know; his name is Ryan and he has a motorcycle. He’s a bit of a bad boy, but he also works as a nurse. So, like, there’s depth to him, you know? He has layers.”

“A bad boy?” Amanda said.

“Yeah! He has tattoos and stuff. I think he’s part of a gang!” The excitement in Sarah’s voice was disturbing.

Amanda cringed. She knew her friend was about to go on a dreamy tangent about *Biker Ryan* -- how he might be the one, but would perhaps be a bad influence on her -- Sarah’s own version of star-crossed lovers and vomit inducing *'Us against the world.’*

 “I’m also dating a bad boy,” she said quickly.

“You are?!”

“Yeah, he’s demonic.”

“Oh, this is so exciting!” Sarah leaned in and hugged her, choking her with both her arms and her sickly sweet perfume.

“His name is Marc.”

“Like the chocolate bar?”

*No, like Marcellixis the King of Hell.* Amanda sighed. “Yes, like the chocolate bar and the red planet.”

“This is so exciting!” Sarah said again. “We could go on a double date sometime!”

For the first time of the day, a smirk tumbled across Amanda’s lips. She would’ve loved to see the look on Sarah’s face. Marc wasn’t the double date kind of guy, but he sure owed her for last Friday.

“Well, I must get going,” Sarah said and hugged her again. “Don’t want to be late for my date! Oh, and good luck on the finals.”

The smile melted away from Amanda’s face as Sarah said goodbye and left the apartment. She glared at the book by the door. Marc would have to teach her some proper demonic curses.

Amanda waddled over to the door, kicking the book on the way. For the fifth time that day, she stuck her head out the door and opened the mailbox. This time, however, an envelope with the familiar skull and red wings awaited her. She’d always assumed that the image just meant that Marc was a hard rock fan.

She ripped open the envelope and pulled out the letter.

>Dear Amanda,

>My sincerest apologies for Friday night, and the lack of communication thereafter. A civil war is currently raging across the infernal plains, the skies are weeping the blood of the damned, and I’ve had a bit of a heartburn lately.

>Of course, those aren’t very good excuses for standing you up, but I hope you’ll be able to forgive me and decide to give me a second chance. If so, pick a time and day, and I’ll clear my schedule for it.

> Outside is a peace offering.

>Yours truly,

>Marc

***
Originally, *Dating a Demon* was a full series here on my sub, which turned into a book on Amazon. Due to KDP Select's terms and conditions, it can't be available for free elsewhere. Sorry about that. 

If you're interested in reading this, it is available on Amazon in both Kindle and paperback formats:**[WP] You reach max level in a game and lose interest for a while. Logging in months later, you find that years have passed in the game and chaos has spread, everyone wonders where your avatar, lauded as a savior, has gone.**
***
**Part 2**

The sweet scent of rose bushes mingled with the smell burning wood. Chris gasped, his eyes opening wide. The roiling clouds of the sunset burned in a palette of cerise, crimson, and burgundy. His fingers clawed at the grass, trying to find something solid to hold onto.

“Allow me to assist you, Your Majesty,” a rumbling voice said, and a powerful arm helped Chris to sit up.

All blackened and leafless, a wall of veiny trees rose up, encompassing him in a forest glade. A perfect circle divided the ash and charred vegetation from an island of sparkling green grass and sprawling thorns, exploding in red flowers. The place looked terribly familiar. He had promised his wife not to come here again. He scratched at his eyes, trying to remove the VR goggles, but he realized to his horror that he wasn’t wearing any.

“The doves fly south, and the sky is bleeding,” a creaky voice said. “We best get going.”

Chris suddenly remembered how he’d been dragged off from his car, and how a searing light had blinded him. He looked up at the old man in the white cloak. The sight of the wrinkly face filled him with comfort. His mind slowly cleared of the hazy fog. This was a face he knew he could trust, and that he had trusted many times before, but he couldn’t quite recall all the whys and whens.

“Eredran?” The name felt good on his lips.

“Your kingdom needs you, my friend.” The old man smiled at him, placing a trembling hand on his shoulder.

A song of sharp steel, sliding out of scabbards suddenly rang out across the glade. Three figures in scorched armor dragged themselves out of the forest of ashes. Their glaring fleshless mouths shrieked hollowly as they started to shamble into the circle.

Chris shuddered at the chattering of their teeth and the lifeless stare of their empty eye sockets. He had seen undead warriors so many times before, but this close, with the smell of their rotting charred carcasses attacking his nostrils, he inched backward, his heart thudding hard.

“Let’s go!” Thyme appeared in front of Chris, her falchions at the ready. “I’m not in the mood to hack at bones today.”

“Your Majesty.” Sir Dewrose held out his hand.

Chris gave the walking corpses a last glance before taking the knight’s hand and allowing himself to be pulled up. He nodded his thanks, and for the first time, their eyes met. The knight’s ice blue irises burned with righteous pride behind his mirrored visor.

“This way,” Thyme said and hurried light-footed in among the blackened trees.

The path took them through the charred woodland and up along a ridge overlooking a black lake. Chris closed his eyes, and for a moment, the water became clear, and the blue rocks on the bottom shimmered like sapphires in the sun. The massive trees vainly basked in their flowing reflections in the surface. The air smelled of lilac instead of ashes, and a woman dressed in nothing but a silver headband rose out of the lake, smiling mischievously up at him.

“Careful with your step, Your Majesty,” the knight said, pulling Chris out of the vision.

He hadn’t realized how close he had been to the edge of the rock, and the steep fall down the ridge. He took a deep breath and looked out over the black forest. Smoke still rose into the sky, turning into reversed streams of blood by the setting sun.

“What happened here?” Chris said.

“The Vraacs came,” Sir Dewrose said gravely. “We must get back to the castle before the night falls. I know you’re a splendid swordsman, Your Highness, but the whispering darkness shouldn’t be underestimated.”

The path led into a tunnel in the rugged side of a mountain. Soon, the only thing Chris could see was Thyme’s lithe steps in the trembling light of her torch. His thoughts suddenly went to Liza back home, and guilt pushed its way into his chest.

“I need to get back,” he said.

“Oh, we will fight them soon enough, Your Majesty,” Sir Dewrose said behind him.

“No, I mean back to where you found me – back to Detroit.”

“Detroit? I’ve never heard of that place before. But we can’t go anywhere right now. The enemy is at our doorstep.”

“Eredran, you need to take me back,” Chris said.

The old man hummed on a melody and pretended not to hear him. Chris hurried up the red-haired woman with the falchions.

“Thyme,” he said slowly. “I can’t stay here.”

The woman remained silent as they started climbing a staircase carved from the rock of the mountain itself. She grunted in disapproval.

“I don’t know everything,” she whispered. “The place you came from surely is strange with its horseless carts and mountains of glass. I’m not sure why you would want to go back there. But if you help your people, I’ll do my best to get you back.”

“I’m not…” he started, but his voice cracked. He had never had such responsibility on his shoulders before. He worked at a grocery store; he wasn’t really a king. “My wife needs me…” 


“That is true,” Eredran chirped, apparently able to hear him again. “You should wake her up, right away. The queen has been asleep since you left.”


*****[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
**Part 4**

”Get her out of here,” Alucard said with a calm voice that broke through the wails and screams of the girl in the bed. 

Professor Van Helsing sent him a stern glance but then escorted Laura out of the room. Finally alone with Lucy’s descendant, Alucard snapped his fingers and Olivia fell silent in an instant. Her eyes went from wild and disoriented to fearful and fixed on him. 

The electric chandeliers quivered and struggled to shed light on the room. A splash of red painted the irises of the doctor. He drifted closer to the girl, who instinctively pulled the sheets up to her chin. Tiny droplets of liquid fear gathered in her eyes and sprinkled her eyelashes. The smell of perspiration and terror. Her wobbling lower lip and the erratic hammering of her heart. Alucard licked his lips

“Don’t worry, little one,” he said and touched her pale cheek.

He could feel her heartbeat against his fingertips. It took him back to the night when he first visited Lucy in her bedroom in London. Lucy had had three suitors wishing to marry her, but she had found something better instead – something more genuine, something that simple love couldn’t offer. 

“I–I’m not afraid of y-you,” Olivia said, her eyes wide and her voice quivering.

“It’s okay to be frightened.”

“I know what you are.” She pulled away from his touch.

“And what is that, my dear?”

Her mouth opened and then closed. Her nostrils flared as she sucked in a deep breath.

“Nosferatu,” she whispered.

A smirk gathered in the corners of his shifting red eyes and then poured down over his lips. He felt like one of the gargoyles perched on the façade outside – unable to control his facial muscles. Olivia was special.

The moment was interrupted by Van Helsing barging into the room again. Alucard quickly wiped the grin off his face and turned to the professor. 

“May I have another moment with the patient?”

“Of course.” The professor sat down in the armchair again. “Don’t let my presence stop you from doing your job, Doctor.”

Their eyes met for a charged moment. Alucard was close to flying onto the old man and ripping the spine out of his wrinkled back. Then he smoothed out the shoulder of his tuxedo and his risen anger with it. He turned his attention back to Olivia, who was fidgeting with her ring.

“Why did you scream earlier, did you have a nightmare?”

She pursed her lips and stared defiantly at the doctor. The pale turquoise of her eyes held more secrets than she was willing to share. This girl knew things. And it made sense, considering Lucy’s legacy. Did she know who he was, though? That was the real question here.

“How do you feel? Fatigued?”

She nodded reluctantly.

“Restless? Irritated?”

Abruptly, she stopped playing with the ring and narrowed her eyes. The doctor dug around in his bag.

“How about… light sensitive?”

He shone a flashlight in her eyes. She flinched but didn’t try to stop him or turn away. Her pupils dilated and followed the light as he moved it back and forth in front of her face.

“I think I’ll need to take a blood sample,” Alucard said.

“That won’t be necessary,” Van Helsing interjected. “I’ve examined her vitals already.”

The doctor counted his teeth with the tip of his tongue and then nodded stiffly. “Renfield’s syndrome?”

“Let’s talk outside, Doctor.” Van Helsing rose from his chair and limped out of the room.

Alucard threw a glance in Olivia’s direction. She had rolled to her side with her back to him, the marks on her neck visible. She had some of the symptoms, but not all. The venom from the bite was lingering in her veins, disturbing her mind and dreams.

In the room across the hall, the professor opened a liquor cabinet and poured himself an ample glass of whiskey. The chamber was furnished like an office with a massive wooden desk and bookshelves lining the walls. 

“Does she live here alone?” Alucard asked.

“Not anymore,” Van Helsing said promptly. “Fancy a drink?”

“Thanks, but I’ll pass.”

“I figured as much.” He limped over to the desk and sat down in the chair. “As you may have noticed, she’s not turning.”

“Yes, she’ll recover. Do you think she saw her assailant?”

The professor swirled his drink and then took a measured sip. He peered at doctor over the rims of his glasses. 

“You saw it too, didn’t you?”

He had noticed the nervous ticks and the slight hesitation in many of her answers. Acting shifty was a typical reaction when infected, but Alucard didn’t think she had enough venom in her system. Whoever had drunk from her had also been very careful.

“You said there were four other victims,” the doctor said, ignoring Helsing’s question. “Tell about them.”

It still shocked him that four people had died right on his doorstep and he had failed to sense an intruder. Perhaps he had stayed away from his old life and kin for too long. Had hibernation dulled his senses? That couldn’t be.

“There’s not much to say,” the professor said solemnly. “Girls in their early twenties – all pretty blondes – drained and left to turn. Multiple bite marks suggest extended periods of feeding. The culprit takes their time, enjoying the victim’s despair and torment – feeding off of their fear and, of course, blood. It’s an M.O. I’ve seen before…”

Alucard studied the wrinkly face of the professor. The first light of the new dawn winked over the horizon outside. 

“I must get going,” he said and left the room and the Westenra Mansion.

Alucard had seen the pattern before too. It was his own.

***


Thanks for reading!

Support my writing and this story by subscribing to my**[WP] You feel an overwhelming need to take out the trash, shower frequently, and feed the poor. A soft, calming voice whispers compliments in your ear. You've been possessed... by an angel.**
***
**Part 3**

"Bullshit! That guy is totally cheating!" John threw the controller into the pillow on the bed.

His score sucked and he had a hard time focusing. His mind kept wandering back to Maureen. Before yesterday, he'd loved her laugh. It was so clear and pure -- angelic in a way -- but he would never say that out loud because that would be cringy. Maybe if her friends hadn't been around, things would've gone differently. 

John felt a nudge on his shoulder and jumped. Pix sat next to him, holding the controller. "Can I try?"

How she'd gotten into his room was a mystery. He shrugged. "If you want."

He lay down on the bed and stared at the ceiling. If only he hadn't jumped the gun. The bouquet was overkill. He'd just started talking to her.

"It doesn't help to whine," Pix said.

"I guess..." John mumbled. He was so tired, he could barely think straight.

"It hurts, I know it hurts."

"It really does."

"Dead and buried!" Pix continued.

"Pretty much."

"Your mother would've done a better job!"

"Okay, that doesn't help," John said, in annoyance.

"What?" Pix lifted the earphones, still completed engulfed by the game. "Can you guys be quiet? No, I'm not a real girl -- I'm an angel, and my charge is trying to say something." She covered the microphone with her hand. "What did you say, John?"

"Uh, nothing, nevermind."

"Okay, then. Time to die, vermin!" She was in the middle of a drawn-out cackle when suddenly she started coughing and pointing at the screen. "It broke! John, fix it!"

John frowned. A message covered the entire screen.

>Your account has been suspended.

"What the hell?" John snatched the controller away from Pix. "What did you do?"

"Kill aliens." She shrugged. "I told you it's a sin."

"You got me banned!" He glanced at the score screen. "Wait, how did you get that score? That's... that's amazing."

"I'm an angel."

"That score is seriously wicked -- the game probably thought you were cheating..."

Pix shrugged again. "We should get going, anyway."

"I'm not leaving this room."

"Yes, you are!"

"Nope."

The doorbell rang, and John grunted. He didn't feel like getting up.

"Can you answer that?" he said, nodding at the door.

"But I'm poss--okay, um, fine." Pix closed her eyes and the room filled with blinding light. "I'll leave you for just a moment."

John suddenly felt a little heavier. A little more heartbroken. And a lot more annoyed. Pix scurried off before he could say anything. He heard muted talking. Probably just a neighbor asking for help with some simple electronic device. Ever since he helped Mrs. Burkowitz with her computer, he'd become the building's personal tech-support-guy. *No good deed goes unpunished* -- that was a law of the universe.

Several minutes went by, and John finally got up with a sigh.

"...yeah, and we're going to the soup kitchen later!" Pix said excitedly.

"I've not agreed to--" he stopped himself.

Maureen stood in the doorway, looking exceedingly uncomfortable. Her usually flowing chestnut hair was now in a tight ponytail. She bit her lip.

"Hi, John," she said. "I'm sorry about yesterday. You kind of caught me off guard..."

"Ugh, yeah, I'm sorry."

"I just wanted to stop by and, you know, make sure you're okay?"

John nodded. "Yeah, no big. I'm cool."

"Who was that girl, by the way?"

"Just... my sister."

"Okay, well, I'm going to head to class now. But see you at the soup kitchen tonight?" Maureen said and smiled.

"Right, yeah. Totes!"

The door closed and John looked at Pix. Damn it. He'd said 'totes.' Why couldn't he just act cool around her. He cursed under his breath and started digging through his wardrobe.

"What do you wear to a soup kitchen?" John mumbled.

Pix crossed her arms and narrowed her eyes. "So, you're going now?"

"Of course!"

"So, you want to help people?"

"Help? Mhm, yep. It's very important that the homeless get food." He tossed random clothes onto the bed. "Is this shirt too much?"

"I'm glad." Pix hugged him hard, almost making him fall over. "I knew you were a good person."

John suddenly felt bad. Time and time again he'd had the chance. If only he'd been less lazy, then he would've been better prepared for this. Instead of playing video games, he should've gone to the shirts sale. Perhaps there was still time to remedy that mistake.

*****[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
**Part 6**

The trees shuddered and bent their naked branches out of the way. Critters and birds cowered in their nests, holding their tiny breaths. Only the moon dared to cast its silvery gaze upon the figure that stalked swiftly from shadow to shadow through the undergrowth – the unrivaled king of all predators.

The damp air smelled of mud and decomposing leaves, but also of pine needles and *that* perfume.  One of the things that Alucard had missed the most was the hunt. Over moss and through skeletal bushes, he followed the lingering trail of the Violet de Sicile. 
 
He swept over a forest pond, leaving ripples in the black surface of the water. His eyes burned in the darkness as he scanned the depth of the woods for his prey. Anger fueled his winged onslaught, carrying him rapidly across glades and along hidden trails.

Fluttering locks of fire danced between the trees. His prey was fast, but not fast enough – never fast enough. He landed on her back and sent her sprawling into the wet dirt. She tried to fend him off with clumsy kicks and scratches, but his hand found her throat and pinned her against a rotten tree trunk.

“Master, what a surprise! I like what you’ve done with your–”

Alucard tightened the grip on her throat, choking her to silence.

“Aleera…” he growled through gritted teeth. “*What* are you doing here?”

The smile drained from her face, and her glowing yellow eyes stretched to their breaking point. Her cold fingers closed around Alucard’s wrist in desperation, but she still somehow managed a look of artificial disappointment.

“Give me… one good reason… not to end you… right here and now.” His rage reverberated through his voice.

“I missed…” Aleera managed to squeeze out. “…you!”

He threw her to the ground and turned away, disgust twisting his face into a horrifying mask. She hissed at him, baring her fangs.

“Where are your sisters?”

“At home.” She massaged her pale throat and sat up. “Asleep.”

“I instructed you to stay away…”

 She slithered up behind him and gently caressed his arm, resting her head against his shoulder. She sighed deeply.

“It’s been over a century since–”

“I gave you a direct order, you disobedient serpent!” 

Alucard shrugged her off him and started walking back toward the hospital. Aleera tiptoed behind him, careful to stay as close as possible without touching him. They reached the pond.

“Go back home,” he said and stared at the spot in the water where their reflections should’ve been. “You’ve caused enough damage here already.”

“W-what are you talking about, Master?” Aleera said and brushed twigs and pieces of bark out of her orange hair.

He spun around and grabbed her shoulder hard. “Look into my eyes.”

His gleaming red fettered her sickly yellow. She blinked. Her face went blank.

“The truth,” Alucard said. “Did you kill those women and attack Lucy’s descendant?”

“No, Master,” Aleera said monotonously.

“Why did you come?”

“I… I… I don’t know.”

Alucard’s eyes became slits. In his many years, he had never seen one of his spawn sputter or hesitate when he compelled them to tell the truth. It required a very powerful vampire to erase a memory from another master’s spawn. And it took a very old master to compel someone like Aleera – she wasn’t exactly a fledgling, despite her luscious figure and young face. 

He snapped his fingers and broke eye contact. Aleera staggered a little before regaining her composure. She blinked at looked at him with hope in her eyes. Alucard pointed at a mossy rock that jutted out of the water.

“Stay there and don’t move.” He swept the white coat in a wavy arc as he turned away. “Until I say otherwise.”

“Please, let me come with you,” she said but drifted slowly across the pond. “Please...”

“You disobeyed my direct order.”

“Master, don’t leave me like this! I’m sorry!”

Alucard ignored her and returned to the hospital. She deserved worse, but he couldn’t end her just yet. He needed to find out who was behind all of this. As much he hated to admit it, he now needed Van Helsing’s help as well. After all, the professor was the only person who could rival the doctor in knowledge about the Nosferatu.

*****[WP] In a post-apocalyptic era, books of the old world are the most valuable and sought-after treasures. Your grandfather, who just passed, left you a map that supposedly leads to the legendary "Library of Congress."**
***
**Part 2**

The road behind us was filled with the rusting carcasses of the abandoned cars. I remember that when we first crawled out of the shelter, my grandfather and I used to check the cars for supplies. Most of them were hollowed out by the firestorm, with nothing but coal inside. The further away from the cities you got, though, the more things you could scavenge.

Here, all the car doors were open, and a wide path had been cleared of debris in the middle of the road. That was bad for several reasons – people had been here before us, and those people had the means to move cars out of the way.

“We should turn back,” James said, his hand resting nervously on the revolver in his belt.

Behind him, the roofs of the shattered city clawed desperately at the smog for a place in the skyline. The Washington Monument, like a flayed arm – charred, battered, broken – rose over the ruined buildings. I had always remembered it as pearly white, standing proudly inside a circle of waving flags, but those memories were extracted from images in school books from the old world. Now seeing it in person filled me a sense of forlorn sadness.

“We’re not turning back.” My voice was hoarse from the ashes that clogged your throat if you didn’t speak or cough for a while.

Marissa crouched down and rewrapped her feet in the thick cloth. Shoes were hard to find, and I was lucky to still have the ones I’d pried off my grandfather’s feet after he died. I remember feeling guilty, but he would’ve wanted me to have them. They were sturdy military boots that he’d had in a war long before I was born.

“You know what the moved cars mean,” James said, his filthy forehead creasing in concern. “That means trucks. And you know what trucks mean….”

He was right. We all knew that the only people with trucks were the meat farmers –cannibalistic tribes that roamed the roads in search of slaves – and that following cleared roads was never a smart thing to do.

“We can find another way into the city,” Marissa said, her thin lips barely managing a smile. “It’s not like we need to take the highway.”

The last few days had been rough on Marissa – I could see it in her hollow cheeks and sunken eyes that the lack of food lately had taken its toll. Obviously, there was always a lack of food, but four days ago we had run out completely. The buildings we’d found had all been plundered, and the shoveled forests meant zero wildlife.

I turned to James and put my hand on his shoulder. He barely filled out his rags now. His haggard face made him look a lot older than nineteen. 

“We’ve been traveling together for four years.” I kept my voice level to disguise my own fear. “You’re like a brother to me, and I’m not going to force you to come along if you don’t want to.”  I lowered my voice to a whisper. “But look at her, she needs you right now – hell, I need you – and I think you know that too. We wouldn’t last long on our own.”

It felt a bit wrong to manipulate him in this way, but I knew that if we split up now things would get really rough. I was going to the library, and I needed us to stay together.

“Right.” He glanced over at Marissa who was hugging herself against the cold. “I guess I’ll stick around for a bit longer… but I really think this is a bad idea.”

“So do I, but remember all the food we got for that fantasy novel…”

“*A Song of Ice and Fire,*” he mumbled.

“That’s the one!” 

“I remember… my stomach hurt so much from everything I ate… but it was a good hurt.”

“The books in this library aren’t fiction, though, which means they’re worth even more.”

He nodded solemnly and put his arm around my shoulders. “You’re right.”

“Think of the food and the heat, my friend,” I said, closing my eyes, also imagining it. “Think of the good hurt.”

*****[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
**Part 5**

The waning summer heat of August still carried well into the evening, sticking to the dusty cobblestone of the London streets even after the sun had left the sky. A breath of chilly autumn air swept in over the rooftops, riding the updraft into the city’s heart. People shuddered and closed their windows. Some pulled their blankets tighter; others put a log in the fireplace for the first time in months. 

Hortensia, orchid, and amaranth perfumed the garden air with their sickly sweetness. A candle burned in the window on the upper floor of the massive villa. Alucard felt like a moth, helplessly reeled-in by the light. Jonathan Harker had told him about his fiancé’s best friend, but he had to see the golden hair, lean frame, and pale unblemished skin for himself. Desire had brought him out of his castle in Transylvania and taken him across Europe. He was far from his native land, but it felt like he had come home.

He whispered her name, and the breeze lifted his words to the windowsill and into the house, filling the sleeping mind of the girl on the bed. The midnight cape fluttered behind him as he stepped off the grass and floated upward, following her name on the gentle wind.

The girl in the bed shifted in her sleep, agitatedly throwing the bed sheets off her hot body. The summer night sweat caused the thin garment of her nightgown to cling to her back, outlining the crease of her dainty neck and the tender valley of her spine. Alucard’s fingers twitched, he could probably fit his hands around that tiny waist. Dizzy with hunger and lust, he stared at the spotless white skin of her arm and the bloodred nails on her fingers. Then girl flipped over and blonde hair pooled around her angelical face like a Gloria. 

That fool, Harker, was a rotten storyteller who hadn’t at all been able to capture the true beauty of the young lady with his rudimentary descriptions.

“Lucy Westenra.” The name warmed his tongue like the blood from a freshly opened vein. “I’ll return for you, my dear. We shall dance together in the moonlight. I’ll set you free.”

***

The hinges of the coffin whined. Alucard sat up, soil tumbling off his chest. He hadn’t dreamt about Lucy in a long time, and the fresh memories tickled that old urge. 
He stepped out of the coffin, spilling earth over the concrete floor. 

The bottommost level of the hospital had been intended as a second morgue, but after the renovation in the 80s the entire floor had been put out of commission and sealed off. It wasn’t as cozy as a crypt by any standard, but it had that clingy dampness that he liked, and it served his needs just like the plastic bags in the refrigerator.
 
After a quick shower, he picked out a clean white coat from the rack and watched the timer on the microwave tick down. It pinged, and he bit into the bag, feeling the sweet taste of iron on his tongue. He drained it in seconds still feeling a hollow emptiness within. He was a lot hungrier than usual. With a growl, he tossed the bag into the trash and slipped out of the abandoned basement. It didn’t at all compare to the real thing.

“Good evening, Doctor!” said Nurse Beatrice as he swept by the reception desk.

He ignored her. He was in a foul mood. 

During his rounds, he noticed that intern, Jonathan, clumsily trying to stick a needle into the arm of a female patient. The woman wore an expression of pain and disbelief on her face, as she was repeatedly stabbed by the needle.

“Out of the way,” the doctor snarled and snatched the syringe away from the intern.

Blood dotted the fold of the patient’s arm where the needle had pricked her skin. He quickly found a vein and finished the procedure. Jonathan looked at him, with his eyebrows pulled up in surprise. Alucard thought he could see a hint of amusement too, playing in the corner of the boy's mouth.

“Sorry, I’ve never been good at that,” he said.

The doctor was just about to scold him for his incompetence when he felt a certain smell coming from the parking lot outside. He took a big whiff, and his face grew darker. He stomped out of the hospital into the icy autumn night. 

The smell instantly intensified – fresh soil and Violet de Sicile. It was a scent that he knew all too well and that definitely didn't belong here.

Unable to contain his anger, his feet left the ground, and he sailed across the parking lot, his white coat beating behind him like bizarre wings. His gleaming red eyes picked up movement between the trees of the dark forest. He knew he had felt someone watching him the other night.

*****[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***

**Part 7**


*October 1, 1890.*

The rain pattered against the glass. Outside, the autumn dusk crept through the empty streets, seeped into the narrow alleys, and climbed up the façades like black ivy. Despite the crackling fireplace, the cold still slithered into the room, lingering in the dark corners, licking the thresholds and windowsills with its icy tongue.

”Fifty…?” Jonathan Harker said in disbelief.

He shifted under the sheets, his usually well-combed chestnut hair on end. He was still pale after the return from Budapest. His story was an unlikely one, and he was lucky to have his wife, Mina, by his side, nursing him back to health. 

Professor Van Helsing watched her dab Jonathan's sweaty forehead with a wet cloth for a moment before opening his mouth again.

“Yes, fifty boxes of Transylvanian soil,” he repeated. “The entire crew of The Demeter was missing when it emerged from the storm in Whitby three fortnights ago. The captain was found dead, lashed to the helm, his head swinging to and fro.”

“Looks like we have our work cut out for us.” Arthur Holmwood pressed the tip of the wooden stake against his palm and accidentally drew blood. “Damn, Professor, these are sharp.”

The wet cloth landed with a splash on the floor, and everyone turned to Mina, whose mouth was tied into a tight knot and whose face had changed from compassionate and caring to transfixed and strangely fervent.

“I’m… I’m sorry,” she said and picked up the cloth, her eyes never leaving the drop of blood that slowly rolled down the hand of Lucy’s fiancé.

Van Helsing shot Dr. Seward a sideward glance. The young man had a wrinkle across his forehead. He had noticed it too. An oppressive silence filled the room.

“Let’s take a walk, Mrs. Harker,” Dr. Seward said darkly and brought over her shawl and coat.

“But my husband needs me,” she said and finally managed to pull her eyes away from the red drop.

“I assure you he’s in good hands,” Van Helsing said and rose from his chair.

His hand rested on the top of his cane, with his index finger carefully hovering under the open jaw of the silver wolf head of its grip. Mina stood up, if a bit reluctantly, and followed Dr. Seward out of the room.

When the door closed, the professor threw a quick glance at Jonathan. The young lawyer had no idea what had just transpired, and the implications that his wife’s little slip up held. He sighed and turned to Mr. Holmwood who was pressing a bloodstained handkerchief against his palm. 

“How are you holding up?” Van Helsing said.

“It just pricked the skin…”

The professor lowered his voice. “I meant, after last week’s events.”

“I’d rather not think of it.”

Van Helsing felt a bit guilty for putting him in this situation. But the young man had offered to test the group for vampiric taint in secret. And he had delivered. Still, the professor worried that the man's sorrow might eclipse his hatred for Dracula. If that were to happen, who knew what would come of this? Watching your betrothed wither away was challenging enough. But to be forced to drive a stake through the heart of someone you loved… Very few could hope to recover from such an emotional trauma.

***
*Present Day*

The professor left the study and limped along the gloomy corridors of the Westenra Mansion. Examining his old notes had brought back a lot of memories. The count had been an insidious foe back then, nestling into their midst through deceit and trickery. It had occurred to him that the ancient vampire could technically be behind the murders here, it had just seemed so far-fetched at first. But the more he looked at the century-old documents, letters, and testimonies, the less confident he became.

Van Helsing followed the staircase up to the third floor. The chandeliers lit up gradually in the carved wooden ceiling. Bronze busts and old suits of armor lined the walls. He stopped in front of the portrait of a blonde girl. She smiled sincerely while grapes and red apples spilled over the rim of her fruit basket. He had never understood Dracula’s obsession with Lucy. She had been a beautiful young lady by any standard, but was that all there was to it?

In the years following the London incident, he had tried to make sense of the count’s choices, motives, and actions. Lucy was always the one thing that didn’t add up. The count had brought enough soil from his homeland to stay comfortably in the city – he’d had everything at the tips of his fingers. Surely, there must’ve been better and less obvious victims than Lucy? Perhaps he hadn’t anticipated Jonathan’s escape from his castle. But for such a meticulous monster it had always seemed like an incredibly careless move.

The professor entered the eastern wing of the mansion, and a smell of garlic suddenly soiled the air. The trees of the dark garden outside scratched and clawed at the windows. His thoughts returned to the current string of victims. How sure was he really that the creature, masquerading as a doctor at the local hospital, wasn’t the very same monster he had driven out of London all those years ago? Could someone like that ever change?

Van Helsing knocked before entering Olivia Westenra’s room. A damp chill clung to the air, and a set of hinges creaked and complained from somewhere within the blackness. Carefully, he lit the lamp. The bed was empty, and rain sprinkled the flowing curtains of an open window.

*****[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
**Part 8**

Her thin nightgown clung to her body like a wet second skin. Shivers. So cold. Olivia blinked and opened her eyes. Dead grass. Water pouring down her face. Silvery clouds. Pale moonlight. 

The gravestones sprouted like a gray forest around her. Wailing, the wind ripped through the skeletal trees, tugging at her wet hair, biting into her bare skin. 

She took a step but stumbled and fell to her knees. The soggy ground tried to pull her down – swallow her – make her lie next to the sleepers. Eyes wide, her numb fingers dug into the closest gravestone, desperate not to join the dead. 

>In Loving Memory Of

>Olivia Westenra

>1871 - 1890  

>*May her soul find peace.*

She gasped. A whimper passed over her blue lips. It didn’t make sense. Her name, the years. She was alive, wasn’t she? She rubbed her eyes and the strange etchings erased themselves from the stone.

The cold air clawed at her lungs, and her pulse was deafening in her ears. She managed to stand up. Her knees wobbled. She couldn’t remember going to bed the night before. How had she ended up here?

Mist seemed to ooze out of the ground itself, swirling into a milky vision-hampering haze. A shadow shifted just outside of her reach, and Olivia felt her heart stop.

“Who’s… who’s out there?” Her voice sounded like she’d eaten a handful of drawing chalk. “You can’t hurt me… I’m… I’m under Van Helsing’s protection!”

She thought she heard a breathy chuckle from the mist, but it could just as well have been the wind, rustling through the last valiant leaves of the dark trees.

Unintelligible whispers tickled her eardrums – it was as if the dead had found voices and were urging her to run. She took a stumbling step, but her leg gave in. She prepared herself for the collision with the ground, but someone caught her fall. Strong arms lifted her up. Too weak to fight, she allowed herself to be carried. She pressed her eyes shut, afraid of what she might see.

“Don’t worry, little one.” The words slithered gently into her ear.

Carefully, she opened her eyes to a squint. Black hair, like motor oil, leaked down the sides of his pale face. Eyes like giant rubies, twinkled deep within his dark sockets. Dried blood covered his bottom lip and chin.

“Dracula…” she breathed.

A smile split his thin lips, revealing a set of dizzyingly sharp fangs.

***
*A few hours earlier.*

The doctor’s face darkened when he heard the message on the hospital’s PA system. He shot Jonathan a venomous glare. The boy was struggling with an IV bag, and his cheeks filled with the blood of embarrassment. 

The white coat flowed behind him like a cape as he ripped through the ER. Nurse Beatrice held up her hand to wave, but instantly pulled it down again when she saw the brewing storm.

“Twice in a week…” Alucard said in tense nonchalance. “What an *exquisite* pleasure. You have the face of someone who’s passing a kidney stone. Tell me, when was your last checkup?”

“Listen,” Professor Van Helsing said. “I didn’t come here for small talk.”

“If you’re as old as I am, it’s all about appreciating the little things.” A smirk lingered on his lips. “Call your insurance company, and let’s schedule something. I’d be happy to take a look at your… *vitals.*”

“Did you take her?” the professor said gravely.

“Pardon?”

“Olivia Westenra, did you take her or not?”

“Now, why would I go and do that? I’ve been clean for a century.”

“She’s been sleepwalking… but never left the house before...”

“You… *failed* to mention this detail when I last visited.” Alucard no longer managed to maintain a level voice. “Keeping things from those trying to help you... usually ends *poorly*. You of all people should know that.”

The doctor ripped the white coat from his shoulders and let it sail to the floor. He leaned over to the refrigerator and bit into the blood bag. His face twisted in discontent over the cold meal. Without a second glance, he burst out of the ER and into the rain.

The darkness lifted him into the night sky, and he drifted with the low clouds over the rooftops. He reached out with his sensitive mind, searching for Lucy’s descendant, filling the dreams of the sleeping citizens with horrors in the process.

He felt a disturbance, a force that shouldn’t be there, sliding through the streets of the city. He had to deal with that later. Finding Olivia was the only thing that mattered now.

The flight took him across the dark forest, out over muddy reaped fields, and along the silent river. On a hill in the distance, he saw the silhouette of the Westenra Mansion. His nostrils flared as he picked up the scent of fear. 

A thin figure stumbled over a graveyard shrouded in drizzle-mist. Alucard sighed in relief and landed in on the grimy lawn. 

“Don’t worry, little one.” 

He cradled her shivering form in his arms. The rain seemed to enhance her intoxicating smell of sweat and terror. He felt his fangs come out and struggled to keep himself from burying them in her silky neck.

She looked up at him, her turquoise eyes big. “Dracula…”

The grin was instant. She knew. She had known all along. Had she read her grandmother’s journal, perhaps? Or had the story been passed down? It didn’t matter which, when she held onto to him so tightly. He licked his lips. Would she mind if he took a tiny sip?

Alucard shook the thought out of his head. When he had last given in to that desire, things had quickly spiraled out of control. He needed to stay focused this time. He couldn’t allow the red thirst to take over.

“Don’t worry,” he said again and carried her back toward the mansion.

***by /u/ratchet_creations 

**[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****

*****
”Hey, wait up!” 

Leera threw her rucksack over her shoulder and sprinted after her brother. Dust swirled behind her as her feet thudded against the country road. She longed for the ability to bend the air to her will, just like her brother.

Panting, she stopped at the edge of a lake. Daffodils were blooming around it like a crown of gold. Aelar was hovering over the mirrored surface, his face twisted into a grin.

“Come on, Little Sister,” he mocked. “Come on, fly to me. You’re old enough.”

Leera took a deep breath and clenched her fists. Her young face was turning red as she, by sheer force of will, tried to levitate. She jumped up and down on the spot. Every muscle in her body strained to get her off the ground, but no matter how much she flailed her arms and how high she bounced, gravity pulled her right back down. 

Her brother was still mocking her when a ripple rolled across the water. She canceled her flight attempts and looked at the water. Another ripple. Leera felt like she’d eaten a big rock. Sweat rolled down her brow. She wanted to call out to her brother. She wanted to tell him to fly higher. But she couldn’t, her body had ceased functioning.

A third ripple curled the surface, and then the water started boiling. Wide-eyed, Aelar looked down at his distorted reflection in the lake. Leera screamed as the lake opened itself like a giant maw. A look of panic washed over her brother’s face as he tried to get away.

*****
Leera was still screaming as she woke up. There were fifteen years since her brother had disappeared into the lake, and she still had nightmares about it. She sat up on her futon and rubbed the tears from her eyes. It was almost time to get up anyway.

She was serving herself a cup of steaming hot tea when someone rang the doorbell. She sighed and shuffled over to the door. Customers were rare this early. She usually had until noon to prepare her merchandise. 

As soon as she unlocked and pushed the handle down, the door flew open, almost hitting her in the face. A large bearded man pushed his way into her home. His cane tapped against the wooden floor and he was muttering unintelligibly. It wasn’t until he sat down in the armchair and propped his booted feet up on her desk that he looked at her.

“Well, aren’t you going to serve me some tea?” he inquired and adjusted his monocle.

Leera just stared, mouth gaping, trying to make sense of what had just transpired.

“Who… I mean, who are you?”

“The name’s Quick, just like the fashion in which you should pour me a cup!”

Leera put her hands on her hips. “Are you here to buy a necklace?”

“A necklace?” Quick said and narrowed his eyes. “Now, what would I do with a necklace?”

“I.. uh, I…”

“Come now, girl, tea!”

Not sure how to react, Leera filled up a cup. The man smelled like a tannery, Leera thought, as she placed his cup on the desk. She then stood back and watched the man take a big gulp. A smile spread across his face. Leera shook her head.

“Can I ask you what you’re doing in my home?”

“Oh, right. I was meant to give you this,” he said and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper.

Leera unfolded the note and looked at the multi-colored drawing. Small boxes with different letters were arranged in neat columns.

“What is it?”

“Why, it’s the periodic table, of course! It's a summoning.”

“The what?”

Quick laughed heartily and pointed his index finger at her.

“You’re funny. I’m glad to see you still have your humor.”

“What?” Leera said not understanding what was so funny. “Why wouldn’t I?”

“Most Iso-benders I’ve come across have been… how should I say… *less comedically inclined*.”

“Iso-benders?” Leera said.

“Yes! Don’t tell me you haven’t learned the terminology.”

“I have no idea what you’re talking about...”

Quick examined her for a long while before opening his mouth again. “You’re serious, aren’t you?”

“Of course I’m serious!”

“You’re Leera Eirey, correct?”

“Yes.”

“And you can bend everything on that paper to your will? Hydrogen, mercury, lithium, and so on, right?”

“I’m no Iso-whatever; I can’t even bend air. I’m a mundane.”

Quick laughed again. “You’re as far from mundane as they come! Iron, uranium, gold!”

“Sorry, you’ve got the wrong person.”

“I think not. Aelar was very specific.”

Leera flinched at the mentioning of her brother’s name. “I want you to leave.”

“No can do,” Quick said and got up from the armchair. “His orders were quite clear. I’m to take you to Oceanpeak.”

“My brother is dead. And I can’t afford to travel. Can you please leave?”

“Dead?” Quick said. “He was very much alive when I spoke to him this morning. Now, come with me, Leera Eirey, we have a long journey ahead of us!

*******[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***

***
Dr. Acula’s white coat flapped menacingly behind him as he drifted toward the ER. His dark scowl sent the interns scurrying out of the way. He could feel the anger building, but his skin remained perfectly pale and unblemished by the stirring emotion. The nurses put their hands over their mouths; some even gasped as the tall man swept by. They had been here long enough to know that something was terribly wrong when his thin lips pressed together into that tight minus, and his long bony fingers curled into fists.

"Professor Van Helsing," the doctor said, bowing slightly. "I thought we had an agreement."

"It’s been a long time, Alucard," the aging man said. "Yes, I know…"

"But you decided to show up here anyway… and unannounced!"

"I wouldn’t have unless I had no other choice." 

The professor stood up, with his trench coat swirling around his legs. The doctor was tall, but Van Helsing matched him in height. The dull gray eyes of the professor engaged the almost coal black ones of the doctor in a dangerous duel. Few men dared to look Dr. Acula in the eye – fewer still had the bravery to lock his dark gaze with their own.

"Well, then," the doctor said, and a smirk replaced the glare. "How may I be of… service? Is it the old back acting up again? Or perhaps hair loss? Those are very common symptoms of aging, I’m afraid."

Van Helsing sat down in the chair again and crossed his legs. His unruffled countenance was only pierced by a slight twinkle of worry, which manifested itself as a twitch in the corner of his mouth.

"This has nothing to do with my own well-being," he said slowly.

"Then why did you come here?"  Alucard said, narrowing his eyes.

"You are a very hard man to get in touch with."

Alucard remained silent. Apart from the smirk, his face was a perfect mask of blankness.

"This is about an incident… a few incidents, actually," the professor continued.

"You know I’ve put all of that behind me. If you’re suggesting that I had anything to do with–"

"That’s exactly what has me worried... your non-involvement."

"You speak in riddles, old man. Out with it!"

"Do you… I mean, have you by any chance…" Van Helsing clearly weighed his words carefully. "Possibly neglected your territory as of recent?"

The smirk that had lingered on the doctor’s lips suddenly melted away. He touched his pale cheek, and the tip of his tongue swept over the white tips of his teeth.

"What do you mean?" he said in a tone that chilled the very air in the room.

"There has been a couple of rather strange occurrences, right here in the city during the last few weeks. Could it be possible that another one of your kind is encroaching on your territory?"

The doctor snorted. "Nobody has challenged me in eight hundred years… Nobody would be so foolish."

"I thought you would say that," Van Helsing said and dug out a folder from his briefcase. "Take a look at these."

The photos in the folder showed a lady in a white dress with a stream of blood leaking out of two clear marks in her neck.

"That can’t be from around here."

"Oh, I assure you it is. And it is only one out of four."

"I haven’t felt anyone… I would know if someone *of my kind* entered my domain."

"That is very strange," the professor said. 

"Very strange, indeed. And while I do appreciate you bringing this to my attention, I’m uncertain of your motives… we’ve never quite seen eye to eye."

Van Helsing sighed. "Yes, that brings me to the next part – the part that I think you’ll really dislike… I need your help."

Alucard took a step back and eyed his old nemesis for signs of deceit. When he found none in the wrinkled face of the professor, he paced over to the medical refrigerator and opened it. The sight of the blood bags made his black eyes flare up red as if someone had fanned the smolder back in a fireplace. His hands ran over the plastic, feeling the squishy succulence under his fingertips.

"Why would I help you?" he said after a while. "I have everything I need right here."

"Do you remember Lucy?"

"Don’t bring her up… not now," Alucard said. "Not after all these years."

"I’m sorry, but I fear that her granddaughter might be the next victim."

"What makes you think that?"

"She’s been acting out of character lately, and a strange tiredness has come over her. Last night I found the mark on her neck. I’ve done everything I can, but it’s like my usual deterrents don’t work on this culprit. I’ve tried everything from garlic flowers to holy symbols…"

Alucard grumbled something unintelligible.

"So, will you help me?"

Alucard closed the refrigerator, his eyes red and his gums itching. He had vowed not to start again – he had retired. But the thought of Lucy’s blonde hair and that warm silky skin against his lips… he at least had to see the granddaughter before declining – she had to be in her twenties by now.

"You have me intrigued."

*****[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
  
*****
**Part 4**

With tears streaming down her face, Leera climbed barefoot between the rocks on the beach. The front of her dress was heavy from all the stones she had collected. She knew that they were filthy and belonged in the ground, but for some reason, she felt like she needed them to honor Aelar’s death – the water was the enemy here, and the rocks were her enemy’s enemy. He would’ve laughed at her silliness. ‘Don’t soil your hands,’ was one of his favorite things to tell her. ‘Look at me, Leera,’ he’d say and levitate above her, ‘one day you’ll never have to touch the ground again.’
*****
Andromeda shook, and her wooden keel creaked and complained in the face of the sudden impact. Leera rolled off the cot and hurried to the deck. With the sun trying to gouge her eyes out with sharp daggers of light, she wobbled over to Quick.

“What’s happening?” she said, shielding her face with her hands.

“Life,” he said and tapped a finger against his temple. “When you’re locked in visions of the past or dreams of the future, that’s when life happens. It passes you right by.”

Leera shook her head. “No, I mean, what was that tremor?”

“Oh, that’s my bad – been a while since I landed this thing.”

Leera lifted her hands and tried to blink away the sunlight. Andromeda was gently gliding along a glittering blue river. Old pine trees shot up from the banks on both sides and reached thirstily with their dark green limbs for the water. In the distance, a mountain peak dominated the skyline.

“Where are we?”

“River Asphyx,” Quick said. “The Ocean’s Long Arm.”

“Why aren’t we flying?”

“I told you, girl, we’re going to Brimport.”

“I know, but why can’t we fly there? I’m not very fond of water…”

“Water is the source of all living things,” Quick said and smiled patiently. “You’re an Iso-bender; you’ll need to learn to appreciate the elements in all their forms and compositions.”

“I am not–”

Her words were lost as the boat rounded an unusually large pine, which was struggling to hold on to a crag that was jutting out over the water. A mountainside came into clear view. The rugged cliffs towered over them, blocking out the sun. The river, much to Leera’s dismay, led straight into a fissure in the mountain. She would soon have earth on both sides, and water below. She shuddered. There would only be a tiny strip of sky visible.

Quick, on the other hand, leaned carelessly against the stone rudder. He appeared disturbingly at peace with the oncoming dilemma. Leera shifted on the spot. She was used to the open air of Jane’s Spire and the infinite expanses of Caeli’s glaciers – sky above, and sky below – and that’s how she wanted it to be. 

“Brimport is situated inside the crater of a sleeping volcano,” Quick said.

Great, Leera thought, not only was she stuck on a claustrophobic river through a mountain pass, but there was also a possibility of being burned alive. 

 “It is said that the volcano was once a portal to the Ever Burning Forges – the homestead of Ambust, the patron deity of the Ignis Nation,” Quick continued.

“So, what happened? Why did the portal close?”

“The Battle of Brimport,” Quick said, pointing his cane at the rapidly approaching fissure. “Two armies in a grudging alliance laid siege to the Mountain of Fire. Many lives were lost that day before the benders of earth broke the mountainside, and the water folk of Unda brought the sea in to quench the fires. They say that it was the turning point of the fifth war.”

“Tell me when we’re there,” Leera said and escaped in under the deck.

*****
It was the smell of incense and cooking food that brought Leera back up from her cot. The raw but homely sound of street musicians reached her ears as she stepped out in the early afternoon sunlight.

The entire crater of the volcano was a big lake. Houses on poles rested a few feet over the surface, and an armada of kayaks and other small boats and vessels competed for the space on a busy street made out of water.

Wide-eyed, Leera looked at all the people – she had never before seen so many different faces. She was familiar with the muscle-bulging dark-skinned earth folk of Humus and the Cealians hovering above the water.  But the people with flowing azure hair, suntanned bodies, and lopsided algae green eyes, all seemed very alien to her.

How did everyone get along so well? Even without the encounter with the earth bender bandits, Leera’s experiences with the other folks had been exclusively bad. This was the strangest place she’d ever seen.

At a table in a floating restaurant, a fair-skinned man with spiky white hair was trying to lob a grape into the mouth of a giggling Humus woman. Leera narrowed her eyes. Were they in love?

“How does everyone here live in harmony?” she whispered to Quick.

“Carbon,” he said simply. “We’re all carbon.”

Leera kept staring at the couple in the restaurant and even craned her neck backward when Andromeda passed them by. She almost fell over when the boat hit a pier with a thud.

“Watch the boat,” Quick said and disappeared into the crowd on a wooden walkway.

Leera cursed under her breath and climbed off the boat as well. She did her best to tie it to the pier. She sighed and took a few hesitant steps. There were slits between the planks where she could see her striped reflection in the water below. Quickly, she looked elsewhere. 

Her eyes found an exhibition of intricate drawings in the closest shop. They were all in black ink, but with a thousand different motifs. There were lions, hawks, and slithering vipers; there were stars and mountain peaks and setting suns; there were curling waves, palm trees, and women in indecent clothing. Despite not approving of some of the motifs, Leera couldn’t deny that they were all exquisite and expertly crafted. She ran her fingers over the image of a fluffy cloud.

“Hands off the merchandise, Caelica!” said a rough voice.

*****
I'm sorry for taking so long with this one! 

I just wanted to say that I'm so so grateful for all your kind and encouraging words. I can't possibly respond to all of you (I've received over 500 messages the last 24 hours), but know that I read every single one of them and appreciate them all.

For those of you who want to support my writing, please take a moment and  what you'd like to see as rewards/goals/benefits if I were to make an account at Patreon.

Please don't feel like this is a must. I love to write and your comments are reward enough for me. It's just that so many of you encouraged me to do this and wanted to help out, and since I'm a not-so-well-off student, every little bit counts.

And don't worry, this story will continue here for free regardless. 

Love you all! 

/Lilwa
*******[WP] A girl becomes pen pals with a demon prince when she accidentally intercepts one of his magic scrolls. They carry on correspondence for years, confessing their secrets & dreams to each other. One day, the prince, soon to be king, sends the girl, now a woman, a final scroll: a marriage proposal.**
***
 by /u/bunbunhd.
***
Amanda kicked and screamed, the sharp brimstone ripping her pajamas to shreds. Crying, she landed on the blackened floor of an immense chamber. The demon let go of her ankle, and the gate slammed shut behind her.

For a while, only her ragged breathing echoed through the room. Then there was a crackle of fire.

"I apologize on behalf of Abaddon," a silky voice said from the far corner of the room. "He can be a bit... *inconsiderate* at times."

"What's happening?" Amanda said, rubbing her eyes. "Where am I?"

"Why, Hell, of course."

"Why, what did I do wrong?"

"Oh, nothing, my dear. You wrote in your last letter that you wanted to meet before answering my proposal."

Amanda stood up and her eyes suddenly narrow. "You’re Marc?"

"It’s actually pronounced with an s-sound as in Marcellixis. But yeah."

Amanda looked at the silhouette sitting on the throne. His red eyes burned like hot iron in the darkness. "So… everything you wrote about hell and suffering and brimstone, that wasn’t metaphorical?"

Marc shrugged. "I do enjoy a bit of hyperbole every now and then, but no, most of it was literal."

"So, what, you're going to try and make me fall in love with you now?"

"I’m not going to make you do anything, you came here of your own free will, remember?”

"This is preposterous!" Amanda said, pushing her shoulder against the massive doors.

"I've been accused of worse." 

The demon rose from the throne and sauntered up to her. His long mane of onyx hair swirled behind him like smoke. His pearly skin and chiseled face were not what she had expected. 

"Let’s just have a date like we agreed on, and see where things lead," he said.

"What if you fall in love with me, and I don't want you back?"

"Oh, please."

"What? It's a legitimate question."

He leaned casually against the brimstone wall. A brilliant white smile parted his lips. He winked at her.

"I, um..." She looked down at her feet. "It... it doesn't matter. Looks don't matter."

"You already know everything about me." The demon leaned in, and the breath in her ear sent a shiver rolling down her spine. "The looks are just a bonus."

"I think this is a bad idea…"

"What’s the worst that could happen?"

She swallowed hard. No way. He was evil incarnate. There was no way.

"Let’s go on that date, what do you say?" he continued, running a nail down her shoulder.

"You can’t make me fall in love with you if I don’t want to," Amanda said finally.

"Oh, I would never dream of that." He looked into the distance. "True love is precious. But if we end up just friends, I’m okay with that too. We’re friends, right?"

Amanda nodded. "One date."

"That’s all I ask for."

"Okay, then. But not here. On Earth."

"Deal," the demon said, grinning. "I've made a reservation at Le Guinness for eight o'clock. Don't be late."

Amanda opened her eyes, gasping. The alarm clock on her nightstand showed 04:12. She groaned and rolled over, trying to get back to sleep. It had only been a dream. 

That's when she noticed a letter on her pillow. In the light from her phone, she tore it open. There was a note inside.

>Dear Amanda,

>I enjoyed our first meeting very much, and I'm looking forward to our first date!

>Yours truly,

>Marc

*****[WP] Humanity discovers that supernatural creatures such as vampires and werewolves exist. Instead of attempting to exterminate them, some countries attempt to offer them lucrative jobs that they could do better than a human.**
***
**Part 2**

A thicket of leafless birches reached for the London sky, their skeletal fingers clawing hungrily at the full moon. Alucard floated across the snow-clad meadow, leaving no tracks in the virgin snow. His face borrowed the pale hue of the moon, and his dark eyes followed the two shivering silhouettes down by the gas station. The vampire had been stalking them for a couple of weeks now, just waiting for them to break the law.

Right now they were just filling up their truck, but even from this distance, he could smell their anxious excitement on the wind. Back in the day, he wouldn't even have bothered to wait for them to commit a crime. He knew their type, low-life scum, in it for the money. They were an easy target that the world wouldn't miss, but there were protocols now. Rules and guidelines to follow. He sighed. Everything changed with time -- everything but him.

Soon, the car left the station and drove out on the road again. With a grin, Alucard took off as well, following them like a shadow against the treeline. The hunt was what he lived for -- that and the red river, of course. He licked his lips. He already knew where they were going.

A suburb villa, just outside of London, was where the car stopped. The two men pulled ski masks over their faces and then snuck up to the door. Alucard watched them from the roof, his red eyes like laser pointers in the night. A window crashed and they disappeared inside the house. The thuds of their boots against the stairs reached the vampire's eardrums, and so did the soft snoring that came from the second floor. He braced himself.

A bloodcurdling shriek echoed through the house, before being abruptly cut off. Alucard took a step forward and landed on the ground. He crossed the lawn and leaned against the side of the truck. Waiting. 

Before long, the two men stumbled out of the house, carrying what looked suspiciously like a body bag. The smell of booze and bad breath accompanied them.

It took them a moment to realize that something was amiss. Then their eyes widened and they dropped the bag. 

"Who the hell are you?" one of them grunted.

Alucard just unfolded his switchblade smile, feeling his fangs grow to their full length. Unmovingly, he watched them reach for their guns. He took one step and was suddenly behind them. They looked around in confusion.

"They call me the Count," Alucard whispered.

Their guns went off, and so did their heads. Sprays of blood painted the snow. They didn't even have time to scream. Twitching, they fell to the ground, rivers of red running down the driveway. MI6 probably would've wanted them for questioning, but that was too much of a hassle. Besides, Alucard despised human traffickers -- they had no regard for human lives. 

The vampire bent down and unzipped the bag. The blonde head of a girl popped out. Gently, he took her in his arms and carried her to the door, wrapping her in his coat. He texted the MI6 to come and clean up the mess. At least that was something they were good for.

After a few minutes, the girl blinked and opened her eyes. At first, her eyes went big in horror but then she saw his face. 

"You..." she mumbled.

Alucard nodded. "How do you feel, Emily?"

"Um dizzy. W-what happened?"

"Some very bad men have been following you for the last few months. But they won't bother you anymore." 

She nodded slowly and closed her eyes, letting the tranquilizer take her again. There was this thing about humans. They trusted so easily if you just showed them your face like he had done in the coffee shop. Trust was important for missions like this, at least that's what the guidelines said. Perhaps there was some truth to it.

Alucard looked at the sky, and then at the girl's neck. The paramedics would check her for bite marks, so he kept his urges in check. Soon, he would have to feed though. He glanced at the corpses of the two kidnappers and wrinkled his nose. Their blood reeked of alcohol and drug abuse. A lesser vampire would probably have fed on them, but Alucard had acquired a refined taste over the centuries. He felt the beat of Emily's young heart and heard the blood rushing through her veins. Soon perhaps.

***


Subscribe for more!**[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
**Part 3**

”Did you make anything for me?”

Tim looked up and slammed the laptop shut at the same time. He hadn’t heard her come into the kitchen, and now she leaned against the fridge, twirling a loose cable from her cheek around her finger.

“But you’re a robot!” Tim glanced at her oversized shorts, ending just above her ruptured kneecap. 

“So, what… you’re going to let me starve?”

“If you want food, you can make it yourself.”

She shrugged and started rummaging through the refrigerator.

“Listen,” Tim said, watching her toss potatoes, onions, and all sorts of random food onto the counter, “what, uh, what happened to you? Why were you in that dumpster?”

“Why do you care?” she muttered and turned on the stove.

“Because…”

“*Because…*” she said in a mocking whine, with her back still to him. “See, you don’t care, so I’m not going to tell you.”

“Why do you have to be so annoying?”

“Because that’s what you want,” she tilted her head to the side and started cutting up onions.

“What? Why would I want that?”

“I don’t know. My sensors tell me you do. BzzzZzzzZz.”

“Don’t you think I hear that you’re making that sound with your mouth? You could at least put some effort into it.”

“What’s the difference? My mouth is as artificial as any other part of me. BzzZzZzzZzz!”

“You’re weird, you know that?”

She turned around and pointed the kitchen knife in his general direction. “And you’re really rude, do you know *that*? You treat me poorly because I’m a machine. You don’t think I have feelings.”

He noticed that her eyes were glossy with tears. For a moment, he marveled at the exquisite details put into this model – those tears almost had him falling for it, almost. Something about her expression told him that she wasn’t really hurt. Perhaps it was her tightly pulled brows or pouting lips that threw him off.

“You’re not really hurt,” he said calmly. “You can’t fool me.”

“Hurt?” she said with a snort. “I’m cutting onions, dumbass.”

“I have a name,” Tim shot back.

“Trust me; I know that. You couldn’t stop yourself from putting your name in the code of this primitive on-switch.” She pointed at the back of her neck. “Frankly, it’s quite dehumanizing. I want you to remove it.”

“Why? What does it matter?”

“Are you serious? How would you feel if you were forced to have ‘Alicia’ tattooed on your neck?”

Tim rested his chin in his palm. She was right; he wouldn’t like that at all. But it was different with her, wasn’t it? She wasn’t human, to begin with. Her feelings weren’t authentic, not *really.* Still, he felt a little bad about it.

“Fine, I’ll remove it.” He leaned back in the chair, cracking his back. “If you tell me how you ended up in that dumpster.”

She spun around, grease dripping from the spatula. “You don’t get it. You can’t bargain with me. I have rights. By putting that thing on me, you’re breaking the law. You didn’t even have the right to revive me. If anyone finds out, you’re done.”

“You’re bluffing…”

“Section C, paragraph twelve, on cybernetic lifeforms. Look it up.”

“There’s no paragraph twelve…” Tim said after a while, looking up from his computer.

“Okay, I lied. I’m not a lawyer.” She slammed a plate down on the table and sat down, picking at the food with a fork.

“Is your name really Alicia?”

She nodded and stuffed her face with fried potato. Tim looked down at screen again. No strange new emails. He still hadn’t decided if and how he would take her to class on Monday. She wasn’t exactly the most docile robot he had come across.

The list of things he needed to patch up Alicia wasn’t very long, but some of the items were quite hard to get. Hospital equipment, mostly. One piece, in particular, caught his eye – something called an ‘electromagnetic disperser unit.’ But with his current money, he would surely be able to get any type of tools as long as they were legal. 

“I will fix your face and your knee,” Tim said.

Alicia slurped her milk and regarded him with suspicion over the rim of her glass. “What’s the catch?”

“No catch.”

“You’re just being nice?” She tilted her chair, balancing it on two legs.

“Yes, is that so hard to believe?”

Alicia pursed her lips. The magenta irises of her eyes looked at him intensely. Then she shrugged and combed her fingers through her frizzy hair. 

“BzzzzzZzzz,” she said and limped out of the kitchen. “I’m tired.”

Tim was just about to protest but stopped himself. “You can take my bed; I’ll sleep on the couch.”

He heard her stop abruptly in the other room, then after a while and barely audible, she finally said, “Thanks.”

“You can’t really scan people, can you?” he said and put her plate in the sink.

“Nope.”

While she slept, he’d take the sky train to the city and pick up the things on the list. He nodded to himself. Perhaps he would even remove her on-switch. It felt good being nice, even if it was just to a robot.

*****[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
**Part 10**

The coffin lid opened. Alucard crinkled his nose. The succulent smell of iron was inebriating. He felt woozy as he sat up. Despite the pleasant aroma, his stomach growled in protest. He hadn’t been this sickened since the ‘70s when he downed a glass of red wine by accident. The disturbance he’d sensed earlier was a lot closer now.

Grumbling, he shuffled over to the fridge, but then decided against it. Breakfast didn’t feel as appealing as it used to. He threw on a white coat and marched up the stairs. The smell intensified. He pushed the door to the stairwell open. Alucard blinked a couple of times. His pupils dilated, and he felt the fangs come out. 

Then he saw the hospital corridor. It looked like someone had filled a garden hose with blood and sprayed it over the walls. Opened carcasses, twisted and bent out of shape, littered the wet floor. The sheer amount of savagery and mutilation reminded him of Elizabeth Báthory’s dungeon – perhaps he had dismissed her too soon?

 Slowly, he drifted toward the ER. Unidentifiable chunks of meat – nothing but butchery leftovers – discolored the usually white sheets of the hospital beds.

In fascination, Alucard looked at the red Jackson Pollock painting that had once been the scheduling whiteboard. Blood could make the most beautiful of patterns. It took everything in his power to not bend down and drink himself unruly on the red gold.

Nurse Beatrice nodded at him from the reception desk, but it wasn’t in greeting. Behind her, a brunette in an elegant dress rocked the nurse’s body with her mouth pressed against her neck, slurping loudly.

Alucard licked his lips and cleared his throat. A set of sickly yellow eyes appeared over a dainty chin and cheeks smeared with blood. What was left of Nurse Beatrice tumbled to the floor.

“Verona…” Alucard rumbled. “What have you done?”

“Isn’t this perfect for our reunion, Master?” A playful voice said behind him. “A red anniversary!”

Alucard turned around, his face warped by disgust. Clad in a bulbous Victorian-era dress, Marishka twirled a blood-soaked finger through her blonde locks and winked at him.

“Have you… *lost your minds*?” Alucard spat.

He felt Verona’s arm touching him from behind, and her tongue slithered into his ear. 

“Aren’t you happy to see us, Master? We came all this way… We missed you so!”

“Who woke you up?” Alucard said, unable to keep his voice steady.

“You look parched – here, have a bite.” Marishka ran her bloody fingertips over his mouth.

Alucard caught her hand and twisted her wrist. The blonde vampire fell to her knees with a look of surprise and hurt in her yellow eyes. 

“*Who. Woke. You. Up*? TELL ME!”

“I… I don’t remember.”

Verona walked her fingers down the length of Alucard’s arm and knelt next to her sister. “Please, Master. We meant no harm… We thought you’d be happy!”

They nodded in unison, giving him a hopeful look. The ancient vampire shook his head and let go of her arm. Then in a movement of blinding speed, his hand found the leg of a table and broke it off. The stake pierced Verona’s chest. 

The brunette vampire still had the stupid smile on her face when Alucard decapitated her with a flick of his wrist. Her head tumbled off her shoulders before turning to dust with the rest of her body.

Marishka howled in terror, tears mixing with the blood on her cheeks. “W-why? We only wanted to please you…”

Alucard bent down and picked up the stake from the black and red liquid on the floor. He sighed deeply. The Marishka's yellow eyes widened as he put his hand on her shoulder, and then rammed the stake through her heart as well.

“P-please…” she gurgled. 

“I have no use for disobedient snakes,” he said simply and took her head clean off with a sweep of his hand.

Her dust mixed with the already black and red gooey remains of her sister. A dark mask of pain and anger lingered on Alucard’s face as he stepped out of the hospital, leaving a trail of red footprints in his wake.

*****[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
**Part 11**

The thunder rumbled outside, causing the windows to shake and clink. The old wood of the Westenra Mansion trembled under the brewing storm. The wind pushed the trees into violent fluctuation, and soon the rain would hit in full force. Olivia carried a wafer of sacramental bread into the living room.

“See?” Olivia said and threw a handful of crumbs onto the floor.

Professor Van Helsing flinched. He had been so absorbed by the breaking news – the reports of the incident at the local hospital – that he hadn’t noticed the girl entering. He muted the TV and smiled at her, the images of the police cars and the bloody tracks leading into the forest still visible on the screen.

“I’m glad you’re feeling better, dear.”

“It was only matter of time, right?” she said quietly and sat down next to him on the sofa.

“I suppose…” the professor said, not quite grasping what he’d just seen.

This was so atypical of the old vampire. Dracula was all about the slow seduction. He wanted to take his time – savoring every moment with his victim – his own perverted form of romance. Van Helsing shook his head solemnly. It didn’t make sense.

“You suspected that Dracula was behind it all along.” Olivia looked up at him, her turquoise eyes big. “I think this proves it.”

The old professor rolled his cane back and forth across his lap. He had investigated the murders of the four girls, and they did fit Dracula’s pattern perfectly, yet there was something not quite right about them. His thoughts wandered back to Lucy Westenra. She had died and been buried, and had then risen as the Bloofer Lady – a vampire who stalked and preyed upon the children of London. The last three victims here, Van Helsing had exhumed directly after their burial. He had staked them, decapitated them, and filled their mouths with garlic. But with the first girl, he had been a couple of days late. Yet, she hadn’t risen.

“Do you still have doubts?” Olivia asked in a small voice. 

Van Helsing ran a hand through his gray hair. Why hadn’t she risen and started terrorizing the city? Perhaps this anomaly shouldn’t have been reason enough to trust the old vampire. Maybe this was Dracula’s plan all along? Leaving a tiny detail that he knew only Van Helsing would find, giving himself a fragile alibi – but an alibi nonetheless. 

“You think he has changed?” Olivia said and stood up. “I looked into his eyes that time on the graveyard – I saw the hunger, I saw the red thirst.”

The old man remained silent, his gaze fixed on the crackling flames in the fireplace. After staying dormant for over a century, what could cause the vampire to return to his old habits? He had feared that involving Dracula with Lucy’s descendant would light the spark again. Despite everything, his gut told him that this didn’t add up. Van Helsing had always trusted his gut above all else. He sighed deeply.

The door to the room opened, and a thin boy in his late teens stepped into the room. “I told you it’s pointless. He has made up his mind already.”

Olivia rolled her eyes and shrugged. “At least I tried.”

“Who are you?” said the professor, raising a bushy eyebrow.
 
“My father was Mark Murray… my grandfather was Quincey Murray,” the boy said and crossed his arms. “My great-grandfather helped Arthur Holmwood stake Lucy Westenra. My family changed our last name from Harker out of fear for revenge.”

“You’re Mina and Jonathan Harker’s great-grandson…” Van Helsing mumbled. 

“His name is Arthur Murray,” Olivia said and put her hand on the boy’s shoulder.

“Why?” Van Helsing said, his face darkening. “What did you do?”

“We wanted your help to kill Dracula, but you were so stubborn in your trust.” Arthur threw up his hands in a gesture of despair. “We thought you’d see the error of your ways after the first victims. But instead of going after him, you sought him out for help!”

“He murdered my grandmother for amusement, and you just let him walk away,” Oliva said.

“You have no idea what it’s like, growing up and living in constant fear!” Arthur said.

“But you’re not your great-grandfather – you cannot be held accountable for something that happened generations ago.” Van Helsing dabbed his sweaty forehead with a handkerchief. “Dracula knows that.”

“For someone who has spent their entire life studying vampires, you don’t seem to understand…” Arthur said bitterly. “A creature obsessed with blood cares a great deal about bloodlines. Why do you think he’s so interested in Olivia? Lucy’s blood runs in her veins.”

“But Dracula hasn’t killed anyone for a century… we made a pact.”

“You know full and well that you can’t trust someone like that… and it’s impossible to outrun a timeless being… so, for the sake of my future children.” Olivia pulled out a gun from the fold of her skirt.

“W-wait,” Arthur said nervously. “What are you doing?”

“He’s clearly on the monster’s side.” Olivia clenched her jaw and aimed the gun at Van Helsing.

“You said that we wouldn’t kill anyone else…” Arthur took a careful step in front of Olivia. “You said that those four girls were it. You told me that–”

The boy stopped himself when he noticed the images from the hospital on the TV. He swallowed.



“Y-you said we wouldn’t hurt any more innocent people.” He pointed accusingly at the muted news report. “You did this…”

“No, you did.” Olivia glanced at Arthur for a moment, a wrinkle of annoyance streaking across her face. “What did you think would happen when you awoke his brides?”

“All you told me was to spike his blood bags and the food of the patients with silver. You said it would weaken him for Van Helsing!”

“And the plan worked, didn’t it? By now, Dracula is a wreck, puking his guts out from the silver overdose. All we have to do is go to the county jail and stake him!” Olivia turned to Van Helsing. “You see, Arthur’s father is the chief of police. We’ll be able to do it unnoticed.”

Van Helsing watched their exchange of frustrated, angry, and anxious looks for a while. 

“So, you orchestrated this whole thing? That right there...” He pointed at the TV. “The four murders… your own sickness? But you had the symptoms… The blood test showed traces of vampire venom in your system.”

“Yes, I borrowed a few drops from your jar for authenticity… it’s quite handy to have a stash of vampire blood at your disposal.”

Van Helsing felt a pang of guilt. Dracula had given him a jar of his blood as a part of the pact. It was the reason he’d stayed alive all these years.

“All you had to do was to go after him… When you didn’t, Arthur had to wake up the brides. They were sure to cause destruction and remind him of his true self,” Olivia continued. “Well, it doesn’t matter now...”

She pulled the trigger. Arthur jumped. Van Helsing’s eyes widened. He held his chest. Blood seeped through his fingers. The boy whimpered as the professor’s body went limp on the sofa.

“Come on, Arthur, let’s hurry,” Olivia said.

A chilling wind passed through the room, sucking the life out of the fire.

“I knew your name wasn’t Jonathan.” 

The voice was but a whisper, but it still made them both freeze. In horror and surprise, Olivia and Arthur looked around the room. Their heads twitched back and forth, their eyes searching frantically.

“Does this mean you didn’t set a plate for me?” Alucard licked his lips and stepped out from the shadow of the fireplace. 

The red eyes of the ancient vampire lingered on Van Helsing’s body. Alucard tilted his head to the side and paced over to the sofa. “Such a shame – I was starting to warm up to the old geezer.”

Olivia sucked in a big breath and sprinkled the last of the crumbs behind Alucard. She took a careful step out of the circle. 

With a look of amusement, Alucard held out his hand. A puff of charcoal-smelling smoke rose from his fingertips as he touched the invisible barrier.

“Clever.”

“I’ve always been one step ahead of you,” Olivia said.

He noticed the slight tremble in her voice. She hadn’t expected him to resist the urge to drink at the hospital massacre, but she had prepared for him nonetheless. He was impressed.

“I couldn’t help but overhear – how exactly did you wake my brides?”

“Dr. Seward and my great grandfather experimented on vampires long after Van Helsing decided to join your filthy ranks.” Arthur had finally regained his voice. “His research taught me how to use the master’s blood to compel his spawn.”

“Impressive; even I didn’t know that was possible.”

“He told them to seek you out, and to forget,” Olivia spat. “I knew you’re only capable of destruction! You destroyed your own spawn just for showing up. And it serves you right; I hope your rotten heart aches.”
 
“Ah, with access to all the research, articles, and your grandmother’s journal…” The vampire nodded in realization. “…the person who knows the story best is, of course, Lucy’s own descendant.”

“We’ll just wait until the sun comes up,” Arthur said and pulled back the curtains.

“Seems like you’ve got this all figured out,” Alucard said and sat down on the sofa. He leaned back and crossed his legs. “Just tell me one thing.”

“What?” Arthur said venomously.

“What are you going to do about her?”

The boy didn’t have time to turn around before Aleera landed on his back and sunk her teeth into his neck. He gasped, flailing his arms in surprise and horror.

“Good girl,” Alucard said. “Now, just open the window and let the wind take care of the crumbs.”

Aleera dropped the limp boy and skipped over to the window. Alucard hadn’t seen her this happy since he’d agreed to turn her. He took a deep breath of the chilly autumn air and rose from the sofa. 

He heard the thudding of feet and the rapid beat of a tiny panicked heart from the stairwell. With Van Helsing gone, the pact was broken. The vampire’s red eyes glittered. He had hoped she would run.

***

**Epilogue**

Olivia blinked and opened her eyes. The smell of old leather, candlewax, and mold filled her senses. A chandelier swayed gently in the stone ceiling above her. She blinked again. A strange dizziness numbed her mind and blurred her sight. She tried to sit up.

“I think it’s best if you remain horizontal, little one.”

The pale face of Dracula appeared above her. She felt her bottom lip tremble.

“W-where am I?”

The last thing she remembered was running down the stairs and out into the garden. She had heard the sound of massive wings behind her. Then just blackness.

“You’re home,” Dracula said and brushed a lock of golden hair out of her face. “I’ve become quite proficient with sedatives during my time as a doctor. I guess I should officially welcome you to Transylvania.”

She felt tears well up and break free from her eyes. His cold fingers caught a drop rolling down her cheek. She shuddered.

“I must admit, it’s been a long century. But without the fast, there can be no feast.” He leaned over her and took a deep whiff. “Ah, how I’ve waited for this!”

She felt his icy tongue on her earlobe. She wanted to scream, but her throat had screwed itself shut. 

“Yes, beat little heart, beat,” Dracula whispered.

He leaned in further. Against her warm skin, his lips felt like wet leeches straight out of a quagmire. 

Olivia gasped as his fangs pierced the soft flesh of her neck. The lights of the chandelier twinkled and spun above her. She tried to breathe, but her lungs refused to fill with air. Her pulse thudded in her ears, and she felt her blood rushing through her veins.

Three thundering beats echoed through the castle. Dracula let go of her, and her lungs suddenly filled. She blinked the tears from her eyes. The vampire was smiling. A thin stream of blood leaked from the corner of his mouth.

“That has to be the solicitor,” Dracula said. “You see, I’ve decided to invest in some new properties in London.”

&nbsp;

**The End**

***

If you liked this series, there's now a sequel called !**[WP] When you save someone's life, it becomes forfeit, and they're forever in your debt. Effectively, this means super heroes are some of the largest slave owners on the planet.**
***
A collaboration series with /u/nickofnight 
***

**Part 2**

In the focused beams of the city searchlights, the gravestones looked like hunched witches, quietly conspiring in the wicked hours of the night. The church towered over the city, with its dark gothic architecture of spires and arches, leaving little to the imagination about who the true rulers were.

Next to the surrounding structures in disrepair and neglect, the church shone like a beacon of hope in the midst of the despair and misery. Harvey closed the window and glanced at the scar on his hand, trying his best to suppress the feelings.

“Listen, guys,” he said and descended the wooden staircase from the massive organ, “I’ve been asked to see to your wounds and illnesses -- I’m not a doctor, but the conclave doesn’t seem to care.”

Fear seemed to grip the citizens on the pews, but at least they were desperate enough to have come here. Most people who fell ill couldn’t conquer their fear of the church and died with rats in the gutters and sewers. 

“I’ve worked as a chemist, so at least I know my way around medicines and all that stuff.” He tried to pull off a smile. “Here, let me take a look at that cough. I might have something for you.”

The child stumbled to his feet, but his mother -- or was it his sister? Her pale face was very young -- held him back.

“Don’t worry; I’ll take good care-”

A reverberating crash hit the massive double doors of the church, and a chorus of panicked whispers went through the crowd of sick citizens. One of the guards shouted and fell into a leaking red heap on the floor. The other guard put his shoulder against the door, careful of the sharp metal pole that had just impaled his colleague.

Harvey grabbed the arm of his closest patient and pulled her up. “Come on, down into the cellar, hurry!”

The crack of splintering wood and yells echoed through the church. A mob of masked resistance fighters with bats and knuckle-dusters swarmed the remaining guard. He fired his stun gun once, sending one of the troublemakers twitching and drooling to the ground before he was overwhelmed and clubbed down.

“Death to the Iron Maiden!” they yelled as they started destroying the exquisite art and furniture of the church. 

Two of them came for Harvey, with their bats held high. He dodged the first swing and kicked the masked assailant in the ribs, and was met with a satisfying crunch. Hatred burned in the eyes of his other attacker, and his tire iron swished over Harvey’s head. 

“This is a church of peace!” Harvey cried, and made sure to look into the surveillance camera mounted in the ceiling. 

He was just about to throw himself at his enemy when something dull clipped him over the head. His vision blurred and fell to his knees, before blacking out completely.

***

“Harvey!” the voice sounded muffled and distant, locked in a glass jar. “Harvey!”

He blinked twice. Sharp lights stabbed him in the eyes. He threw up over himself.

“It’s okay, can you hear me?” 

He tried to nod, but his neck cramped up. He forced his eyes open despite the searing pain. The hazy face of a woman looked down at him. Harvey noticed the necklace around her neck -- the iconic wings of the Iron Maiden. She smiled.

“You’re going to be all right.”

******[WP] You are a vampire who likes to help humans instead of hurting them, so you became a doctor. Over the hospital's PA system one day you hear "Dr. Acula, Mr. Helsing is ready to see you."**
***
**Part 9**

The door opened with a drawn-out creak. At first, the darkness inside Olivia’s bedroom was complete. Professor Van Helsing took a careful step and noticed the glowing red eyes that seemed to hover in the air. 

“Where is she?” he asked, with his finger on the cane's silver wolf head.

“She’s asleep.”

“Is she okay?”

“Might catch a cold if she’s unlucky.”

The professor limped over to the fireplace and started it with the remote. The flames shed an unsteady light over the sleeping girl.

“It’s time we had a talk,” Van Helsing said and sat down in the armchair. 

His old foe turned his white face toward the window and gazed out over the sleeping city below. He couldn’t help but wonder what thoughts passed through that ancient mind. What did he see out there – people or a field ripe for harvest?

“I concur,” the vampire said after a moment of silence. “Let’s say I’m not behind this; what exactly are we dealing with?”

Van Helsing sighed. “Someone very old… someone who knows about your past… someone who isn’t afraid and likes to play games... someone like you…”

He could see that a grin wrinkled the smooth cheeks of the vampire.

“There is nobody like me, Professor.”

They watched the clouds drift across the moon. He wondered how many times Alucard had looked up at the silvery shard. What was the world like to a timeless being? Time itself must’ve lost all its meaning. What remained if you removed it from the equation?

“Surely, there must’ve been others… Lilith… Báthory…  Kali… Moloch…”

“Out of those, only Elizabeth Báthory existed. I visited her castle once. She was a bloodthirsty psychopath, but she wasn’t Nosferatu. She’s been dead for four hundred years.”

“What other options are there?”

Alucard remained motionless by the window. The reflection caught everything in the room except the old vampire. A chill crept up the professor’s spine.

“Someone awoke Aleera.”

“Excuse me?”

“One of my spawn… Aleera. One hundred years ago I compelled her to rest. Someone awoke her. She doesn’t remember anything.”

“She’s here?”

“I’m afraid so.”

“Could she be behind all of this?”

“She’s not. Trust me.”

“Forgive me, but I have a hard time–”

The vampire spun around, and his eyes gleamed dangerously.

“You said it yourself, ’someone who isn’t afraid.’ I can assure you that she wouldn’t dare. Besides, what would be her motive?”

Van Helsing rose and made his way over to the softly snoring Olivia. What motive was there behind all of this? That was a question that had bugged him in the back of his mind throughout this whole ordeal. At first, he’d thought it was just coincidence – but with every new victim, the pattern became clearer. This was far too well-engineered to be the work of a hungry vampire spawn.

“The sun’s coming up,” the vampire said and opened the window. “I suggest you keep an eye on Miss Westenra. You probably don’t want her slipping out again.”

The howling wind sputtered rain and whipped the curtains around. He took a step, as if onto an invisible ladder, and disappeared into the night.

***

Alucard had felt it again – the strange disturbance seeping through the city. He had to investigate it, but the crack of dawn was already on the horizon.

The talk with Van Helsing had given him very little new information. Perhaps he held the old man in a too high regard? He was only a human after all. Maybe he wasn’t the ally he needed in this. Alucard had always done things alone; why change that now?

He raced across the dark sky, leaving a streak of drizzle-mist in his wake. He wondered when he’d get a moment alone again with Olivia. Maybe when this whole thing blew over, he could get to know her properly? He had seen it in her eyes – the fervor and the burning passion – so much emotion… so much *life*.

The entrance of the hospital was busy as ever. The hour of the day didn’t matter. That was one of the things he liked about it. 

Nurse Beatrice nodded at him as he crossed the ER and cruised down the stairs toward the basement. He stopped at the large refrigerator outside the morgue and stuffed a few new blood bags into his pockets. 

He just needed to sleep the sunshine away, and then the hunt for the intruder was on. 

*****[WP] Scientists have finally decrypted Whale songs, and are able to listen in on long distance conversations. After a few weeks of listening in, all research is quickly classified, and NASA starts silent, hurried plans to reach Sirius, even reaching out to other space agencies for help.**
*****
**Part 3**

*One week into the journey...*

Strolling along the corridors of the ship, feeling the pull of the artificial gravity, Sapphira caught herself counting the hours and days. She knew that counting would only make the time seem longer, yet here she was, nervously glancing at the watch on her wrist.

“Good morning, Dr. Lake,” said Captain Erasmus Finch as Sapphira entered the bridge.

“Hi,” she said and took a seat in one of the observer chairs.

The captain was a lanky man with long spider-leg fingers and a bony face. At the age of thirty-five, he was the oldest person on *Aquarius I*, and along with the engineers, one of the few who had been to space before this mission.

“Anything I can do for you?” He wringed his hands and stared at one of the monitors.

The light from the display played across the polished surface of his round glasses. Sapphira thought she could feel certain unease from the captain whenever she was around. Perhaps it stemmed from the fact that she was the only one on board the ship who had a higher security clearance than him? Or maybe she, as the keeper of the whale song secrets, was a bother to a man who clearly thrived on meticulous planning and abhorred surprises?

“I just like to watch the black sea.”

The captain’s face remained expressionless, but she could feel cold animosity streaming from the man. She was just about to plug in her ear buds when Lijuan Zhou stepped into the room. The young Chinese linguistics expert wore a set of glasses much too large for her face, and had her black hair tied into two childish-looking pigtails. She was also chewing on a piece of bubblegum, and gave the captain a bored look before sitting down next to Sapphira.

“I went over some of the tapes,” she said in hushed tone.

She spoke with a flawless British accent, and if Sapphira hadn’t known any better, she would’ve thought the woman was born and raised in London. Lijuan was a member of the team that Sapphira had handpicked before the mission, and as such, one of the few on board the ship with access to the decoding device that translated the whale song.


“And?”

“And… I found a new track that we’d missed before.”

“That’s impossible.”

“It sings at a different frequency than the other whales–deeper and darker tunes if you will. We missed it because I needed to fine-tune the instruments to hear it!”

“Well, what does it say?”

“That’s the thing… the decoder doesn’t translate it,” Lijuan said, and her eyes grew wide.

“Meet me at the lab in ten minutes,” Sapphira said and hurried off the bridge. “Oh, and tell the others to come as well.”

 ****

“Hey, guys, thanks for coming so quickly,” Sapphira said. “I know we were going to have a month off from work after all the training and preparation, but Li found a new track on one of the recordings.”

The three other members of the team turned their eyes to Lijuan. Sapphira could see the doubt in their faces, but nobody said anything.

“This is the isolated track,” Li said and pressed Play.

A low hum filled the speakers in the lab, and then the first deep notes of the song made the glass jars tremble. It rumbled on for half a minute, sounding a bit like a bass trumpet, and then turned into a throbbing rhythmic drumbeat. It rose and fell, and sounded very different from the high-pitched song that they were used to.

“Are you sure this is a whale?” David Crowe was the first to say what they were all thinking.

He was a Scotsman who, at the age of twenty-two had worked under several of the best astrophysicists in the world, and was seen as one of the smartest and most promising people in the science world.

“The complexity of the syntax suggests–” Li said.

“Yeah, it’s obviously a creature trying to communicate, but is it a whale?” 

“The drumbeat resembles that of a Blue Whale,” Sapphira said, “but it’s much darker than a usual.”

“And the translator doesn’t get it?” Greg Mara said and scratched his black stubble. “What does darker indicate? Another species?”

“The translator picks up about ten percent of it,” Li said.

“Darker means larger, that’s for sure,” Sapphira said.

“How large are we talking?” Michael opened his mouth for the first time, and a wrinkle of concern rippled his forehead.

“I haven’t done the math yet, but a rough estimation would be about five times the size of a full-grown Blue.”

******[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***

***
>Here are two bitcoins.

>Two more if you throw away your lunchbox on your way home from school.

Tim stared wide-eyed at the screen of his computer. The email wasn’t lying. Quickly, he stuffed his mouth with the last of his sandwich and hurried out of the cafeteria, clutching the plastic lunchbox tightly.

Littering was a serious crime, but the message hadn’t said anything about not throwing it in the trash. He knew there was a garbage container on his block.

Upon reaching the container, he quickly tossed it in and heard the notification of a new email. He looked at the screen. Another two bitcoins were now his. Smiling, he shook his head. 

He was just about to leave when he noticed a leg sticking out of a garbage container. It was a delicate leg, with smooth creamy skin and a bundle of cables coming out of the knee.

Ever since the Roger Lowick’s groundbreaking contribution to the fields of AI and robo-aesthetics, the androids had been a vital part of society. If you had enough money you could invest in drones to work for you, look after your children, or do house chores.

Tim ran his fingers down the calf of the discarded leg. It felt like real skin – not one of those dermoplastic substitutes. Maybe he could build something from it – perhaps a dog toy for Bobo? It was obviously broken and it would probably be hard to repair, but even if he failed, it would be good practice for next year’s class in advanced robotics.

He untangled the cables from other loose junk, and then took a firm grip around the ankle and under the back of the knee. He grunted and let out a sigh. The leg was stuck to something.

“Fuck it,” he said and threw off his jacket and backpack.

He rolled up his sleeves and then scaled the large container. The leg didn’t end at the knee like he had first thought. It was attached to a fully intact thigh. He climbed into the container and started digging through the trash. With all the money he now had, he could easily afford a new school uniform.

He felt like an archeologist uncovering an ancient relic. The more pizza boxes, milk bottles, and rotting fruit he tossed to the side the higher his spirits rose – this wasn’t the leg of some antique cleaning bot, this was…

As he moved a large plastic bag filled with shredded paper, his heart skipped a beat. He found himself looking at the face of an android angel – that was the first description that came to his excited mind. Sure, her golden hair, splayed out like a Gloria around her head, was dirty, tousled, and filled with ants. And, sure, her right cheek had a massive gash, spilling out gray wires like a maggot-infested wound. But she was the prettiest creature Tim had ever seen.

For a moment, he admired the skill of the artist who had made her – the way her dark eyebrows creased over the closed eyelids, the round little nose sprinkled with freckles, and the thin lips pursed into a sad smile.

Then reality came rushing back to him, and his excitement was replaced with dread. This wasn’t just any android, it was state of the art tech, chassis, and design. This was the kind of robot that only the richest of the rich could afford – it was *tailor-made*. These creations had the best software that money could buy and were essentially as real as people. Tim doubted that he would be able to tell if this was a real girl or not without the wires sticking out.

Carefully, Tim lifted the android’s head and looked at the back of her neck – no barcode or signature.

“Shit,” he mumbled.

Intact, this robot was worth more than a small city. Whoever had dumped it here must’ve lost their mind. Tim had heard stories of androids who had acquired citizenship. He had always laughed them off as tall tales – but looking at the girl before him, he couldn’t help but wonder… had someone murdered her and dumped the body?

Tim took a deep breath and shook away the bad thoughts. If he could get this masterpiece of technology home and tinker with it, he would be years ahead of his classmates… and probably even his professor. Nobody had access to this kind of tech.

With determination, he emptied a plastic bag. It would look suspicious hauling a big bag home, but it was still preferred to dragging a body… even if it was an android one.

A long strenuous while later, he had managed to fit the body into the bag and lift it out of the garbage container. He wiped the sweat from his brow, but the excitement fueled him with energy. He was going to do this.

The sun had set when he finally locked his front door and slumped against the wall. He was drained to the point of almost fainting. An android weighed as much as a regular human if not more. He was lucky that this was a teenage model.

Another email notification sound.

>Great work!

>Now, follow my instructions closely and you'll be her proud owner.

*****[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
   
*****
**Part 5**

“Hands off the merchandise, Caelica!” said a rough voice.

Leera flinched and pulled her hand back as if she’d burnt it on the stove. “Sorry! I’m sorry, I-I didn’t mean–”

“Relax,” said the merchant. “I'm just messing with you.”

He was leaning casually against the side of the stand, wearing a lopsided grin. His hair rolled off his head in a waterfall of blood, splashing stylishly off his shoulders. It was a woman’s haircut, Leera thought, but he didn’t seem like a person who would care – this man would probably look smug and confident even in a skirt.

“You’re new here, aren’t you?”

“What?”

“You seem a bit stuck-up, that’s all.”

Still recovering her balance, Leera glared at the man. She’d never met anyone so rude before. 

“Typical behavior from a… a…”

“Yeah?” The man put a hand behind his ear. “What am I?”

Based on the fiery hair, she wanted to call him Ignut, which was the derogatory name for an Ignis male, but his wavy casual movements and almond-shaped green eyes screamed water folk.

“You’re rude, that’s what…” Leera mumbled.

“How about I make it up to you with a tattoo?” He leaned his upper body to the side and tilted his head, leveling his eyes with Leera’s. “Free of charge, of course!”

Not wanting to meet his intense gaze, Leera examined her arms. They looked like pale sticks in comparison to the merchant’s suntanned logs, knotted with muscles. An ink sleeve of ivy climbed from his wrist up to his bicep, wrapping it in thorns, before sprouting into a black rose on his shoulder. Getting a tattoo would hurt a lot, she imagined, even though the drawing of the cloud was really pretty.

“No, thank you.”

“Are you sure? I’d love to… put my mark on you,” he said and smiled deviously.

Crossing her arms, Leera turned away. The walkway was bustling with customers, jostling one another to purchase groceries and knickknacks from the trading boats. She wondered how many coins got lost in these hasty transactions – the murky depth of the volcano lake was probably filled with riches. There was still no sign of Quick.

“Is that your boat?” said the merchant. “Where are you headed?”

“Oceanpeak,” Leera said. “Not that that is any of your business!”

“Oh, the Caeli capital – fancy. I actually have some business to attend to there, mind if I tag along?”

“Yes, I would mind that very much, thank you.”

“Aw, don’t be like that now, Caelica. You don’t even know me.”

“That’s exactly my point. And stop calling me that; it’s rude.”

“Well, you better give me your name then,” he said with a wink and held out his hand. “I’m Bryne Teller.”

Leera sniffed and turned away.

“Well, look who is rude now,” he said. “And here I thought the air folk was known for their impeccable manners…”

She turned back, just so that she could properly roll her eyes at him. She then attempted to stab him in the chest with her index finger. Bryne caught her hand and gently placed it back against her side. He grinned at her and started packing up his shop.

“If you think, even for a second–” she started but then noticed that Quick was finally returning, and with large bags slung over his shoulders.

She never thought she’d be so relieved to see the bearded face of the doddering old man. 

“Can you help me with these, dear?” Quick said, with pearls of sweat rolling down his brow. 

Eager to get going, Leera held up her hands and lifted the first bag off his shoulder. They were much heavier than expected and Leera lost her equilibrium. She staggered backward with the bag locked above her head. Oh no, she thought, as her left foot lost ground and she suddenly faced the blue sky.

Images of her brother being devoured by the lake flashed before her mind’s eye. Then, something caught her around the waist and stopped her fall. The bag, however, went straight into the wet floor of the floating market. The splash made people look up from their goings-on and caused the man in the restaurant to hit his lover in the eye with a grape. Bryne smirked and pulled Leera back to her feet.

“Oh, well,” Quick said, shrugging. “I guess the fish here will taste like tea for a couple of weeks.”

“Tea!” she cried. “We went here for tea? You said our business here was critical!”

“Oh, but it was. Tea isn’t something that should be taken lightly,” Quick said dismissively, and then turned towards Bryne. “Could you help me load this one, young man?”

“I could do it!” Leera pouted.

“Oh, it’s no trouble at all,” Bryne said and heaved the bag on board.

“What an absolute gentleman,” Quick said, nodding at Leera. “The manners of a Caeli noble, wouldn’t you say?”

Leera crossed her arms and glared at her reflection in the muddy water. The soft breeze played with her long white hair. She felt small next to the two men. She wasn’t ready to face the world outside of Jane’s Spire, or become an Iso-bender and whatever that entailed. She just wanted to go back home and watch the sun set over the Sleet Mire. At least she would get to see her brother soon.

“I notice you’re packing up your shop. Say, where are you headed, boy?” Quick said.

Leera’s eyes went wide.

*****


Oh, and I've got something really exciting to share with you guys. I've been selected by Reddit (yes, little old me!) to alpha test the new profiles for content creators! I feel like this is a massive opportunity for me and I would love it if you guys could follow me on my profile - it's completely free and it takes one click. **Please please please, if you could just take a second and go to /u/Lilwa_Dexel and click on the follow button to the right, it'd mean the world to me. Thank you!****[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
*****
**Part 4**

**Sarah**

Sarah yawned as she left the airplane and entered Haneda Airport. She had spent the better part of the flight emailing Richard, trying to come up with excuses for leaving without any prior notice. Her boss was angry at her – and understandably so – taking off to Japan in the middle of an ongoing excavation was unacceptable. She was lucky he hadn’t fired her on the spot.

Most of the interior of the airport sky city was clad in pale blue glass, and her reflection walked beside her all the way from the gate to the marketplace with the ultramodern shelf-layout. A few strands of her hazelnut hair were on the run from her ponytail, and she hadn’t even bothered with makeup. Her hoodie hung loosely from her shoulders, and she had forgotten to change out of her work sneakers. She felt like a complete mess next to the smartly dressed Japanese travelers in pressed suits and cropped black hair.

After picking up her luggage and taking the Skytrain to downtown Tokyo, Sarah collapsed on her hotel bed.
****
Sarah must’ve been out for almost twenty-four hours because when she woke up, there was a message on her phone that a package was waiting for her at the Department of Archeology at Tokyo University. 

The orb had been right, and Sarah couldn’t help but feel a bit upset about that. Deep down she had hoped that the crate would disappear somewhere along the way. The things it had said were unsettling and…

She shook away the bad thoughts, but the unease remained all the way from her hotel room to the taxi, through the winding campus corridors, and down into the basement where she found the crate.

“Raphael?” she whispered as the lid came off. She tapped her finger at the apple-sized sphere. “Are you in there?”

It had only been two days since she last spoke to it, but the concept of a talking ball was so outlandish that she hoped for a moment that she’d dreamt it all. 

“Where else would I be?" It said in a bored tone. "Still jetlagged, I take it?”

“How could you possibly know that?”

“The way you drag your feet, the hoarseness in your voice, and, of course, the stupidity of your first question. It had to be jetlag or a hangover. You learn a lot, watching from the sideline.”

Sarah looked down at her sneakers, still caked with dirt from the El Boreo excavation in Argentina two weeks ago. She had been excited about finding shards of a broken vase – how things had changed since then.

“I think you're being rude,” she mumbled.

“Rude or honest? In my experience, people often have a hard time telling the two apart… there seems to be a general confusion there.”

“I, um.” She had to agree that the question hadn’t been one of her best.

“Now, pick me up and let’s go before someone starts asking questions,” the orb said.

“Where are we going?” Sarah asked as she stuffed the orb into the front pocket of her hoodie.

“To a place called Menasaki Cybernetics.”

*****
**Raphael**

I felt impatience starting to tug at my core. After watching the world and the people in it for 15000 years, the blindness of the orb was soul crushing. Most of my senses had been stripped from me when I died, but the sight had always remained intact. I now felt like someone had amputated the most important one of my senses. As if it were a phantom limb, my consciousness tried to access sight, but ended up with nothing but pure blackness.

Instead of wallowing in the limitations of my new metallic form, I accessed an old treasured memory to make the time pass. 

I found myself sitting in a plush armchair with my ghostly legs crossed, watching my current hauntee paint. 

He was talented, no doubt, and perhaps that’s why I had decided to torment him. I think I saw a bit of Atlantis in him and felt jealous – or maybe it was just the fact that he had left everything behind to pursue art in France – either way, I kept him awake at night, scratching my nails against the tapestry, forcing out a couple of bloodcurdling sounds here and there. I remember working hard. The only problem was that the more I scared him and deprived him of sleep, the better his paintings became. 

This night, he was running his brush over the canvas furiously. As always with his paintings, the human shapes were twisted and bizarrely blown out of proportion. Death and suffering seemed to be the main themes, but there was also a chaotic aspect of rearing animals and newspaper clippings.

“Guernica,” the painter said and put the brush down.

And at that very moment, his front door burst open and three men clad in black trench coats entered the room. They all wore the notorious visor caps of the German Gestapo, with the imperial eagle in the front.

“Seize it all,” growled the leader.

When his lackeys started tearing down the art and valuables in the apartment, the leader walked over to the painter, who was watching the destruction of his home in calm indifference. 

“You’re Picasso,” he said with a nod. “Can I have a look?”

The painter didn’t answer. For a long time, the leader stared at the war-torn canvas – the dying characters in a burning city, the cattle’s eyes bulging in fear, and the shattered streets in the background.

“Did you do this?” he said finally and pointed at the painting.

The painter shook his head solemnly.

“No, you did.”

*****


*If you haven't already, check out the !***[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
**Part 4**

Saturdays on the sky train were always busy. Tim followed the narrow aisle in search of an empty seat. He finally found one inside a booth.

“Is it okay if I sit here?” Tim said, sliding the glass door open.

A sweet scent of coconut and hairspray washed over him. The girl in the other seat pushed her bulky neon-green headphones to the side. For a moment, her soft hazels appeared confused under the dark bangs. Then, she quickly moved her studded leather handbag out of the way.

“Oh, sure.” Her black lips curved into a polite smile. “Of course!”

Tim nodded his thanks. Outside, the emerald saltwater fields sped by, with the orange crab-like harvesters, floating gently along their preprogrammed routes. In the mirrored surface, the white clouds and high-altitude sun panels competed for space on the brilliant blue canvas. It was strange that such technology could exist alongside the poverty of the outer cities. If he took a few steps over to the other side of the train car, he’d be able to see the graffiti-ridden façades, the dirty streets filled with ancient gas-fueled automobiles, and all the citizens stuck in hopeless inescapable life routines, dragging their feet along the cracked pavement. 

Alicia was worth more than all their lives combined, and that didn’t feel right. How was such a piece of machinery allowed to exist when people were struggling to get by? When he got the scholarship and moved away from home to start his first year at the Avondale High School of Cyberdynamics & Robotech, he had vowed to make a career in affordable domestic appliances. He’d wanted to change the living situation in the outer cities. If he could somehow sell Alicia, he could put all that money into research and perhaps start up a business to make that dream come true.

He glanced at the punk boots and the mismatched black and white patterns on knee socks of the other passenger. She probably lived in one of the glass domes at the heart of the city – maybe she was one of those rich kids who got a kick out of dressing like delinquents. 

“Do you mind?” she said.

At first, Tim thought she had caught him staring, but when he looked up she flipped a stick of synth-bacco between her fingers. Tim shook his head but turned up the ventilation to the max. 

Alicia had eaten, could she also smoke? Did she have lungs like a human? From the cuts, he knew that she didn’t have a bloodstream, which meant anything she put in her body didn’t really affect her. If she had too much to drink, would her artificial mind imitate the effects of the alcohol? Was she programmed to shut down if she starved? There were so many interesting questions that he needed to answer. Once he got back, perhaps he could turn her off and open her up.

Soon a smell of burning ozone and tobacco smoke filled the booth. The intense blue light from the end of the stick bobbed up and down between the punk girl’s lips. Her fingers started tapping on the screen of her phone. Tim found her intriguing but had never been especially good at conversation, so he kept quiet. 

The countryside outside the train window changed rapidly from languid green and blue to shiny white and silver. The sleek glass buildings of the city’s lower levels rolled by and started climbing in size and complexity. Tim rarely had any business in Avondale proper and avoided the busy inner domes if he could, but to get the more high-end items on the list, he now had no choice. 

Inside a forest of colony spires and forum towers, the clear glass cupola of the Cloud Market bulged like the top of a massive soap bubble. The punk girl’s phone pinged, and Tim noticed that her fingers stopped moving. He felt like she was watching him, but he didn’t look up to confirm. Suddenly she spoke.

“Excuse me; this is going to sound really weird but…” She leaned forward, rolling the left knee sock down her pale leg. “I’m supposed to give you this; you can keep it or throw it away, as you like.”

She balled up the sock in her hand and placed it on the table. She then wriggled her foot back into her boot and promptly exited the booth, embarrassment written in pink over her cheeks.

A moment later the train stopped. Tim wasn’t sure what to think. For a moment, he stared at the sock. Then he snatched it up and put it in his pocket. Last time something weird like this had happened things had turned out quite well for him. He hurried off the train before the doors closed.

The platform at the Cloud Market stretched along the edge of a park. The leaves of the trees rustled in the artificial breeze. He followed a sanded path between two ponds dotted with white lotuses. A couple of long-necked swans cruised across the tranquil surface. The air here felt unnaturally clean – no smells at all. It reminded Tim of the time when had accidentally drunk a glass of distilled water – a taste of absolutely nothing.

*****[WP] Scientists have finally decrypted Whale songs, and are able to listen in on long distance conversations. After a few weeks of listening in, all research is quickly classified, and NASA starts silent, hurried plans to reach Sirius, even reaching out to other space agencies for help.**
****

****
**Part 2**

Sapphira leaned back in her chair. She was strapped in and ready. Ten minutes remained until countdown. The last year had been strange and mentally exhausting. She’d gotten rid of all her stuff and sold her apartment. She’d given the little money she had to her brother, and Noodle had moved into Sapphira's childhood home to live with her mother. The training had been grueling, but she was finally here–as ready as one can be for a journey like this.

The bridge on *Aquarius I* shimmered like the inside of a clam, the rainbow-colored buttons and screens made the entire room shift like a kaleidoscope. She closed her eyes and plugged in her ear buds. The whale song rang through her head. 

*Our brothers and sisters in the sky, the constellations in the sea of space, our long lost home. Sirius oh Sirius, please shine on us still, so far away from home.*

Someone nudged her shoulder, and she opened her eyes again. Michael’s tanned face smiled at her, and he moved his mouth noiselessly. She knew he was messing with her, because she didn’t have the volume turned up.

As soon as she took out her ear bud, he started talking.

“…last year and I think that our progress so far has been great and–Oh, hi, Sapphira.”

“What?” she said, a bit more grumpy than intended.

“I was just going over your profile yesterday, and I think you’ve made massive progress. You’re ready to deal with the journey.”

“I’m glad I have your confidence, Mike,” she said and closed her eyes again. 

The young psychiatrist lowered his voice. “Aren’t you the least bit excited?”

“It’ll be twenty years until we get there,” she said.

“Yes, but the launch! Aren’t you excited about going into space for the first time?”

Sapphira took a deep breath and turned up the volume.

“I’ll take ignoring me as a sign of stress; I’ll note it down right under–”

The high-pitched song drowned out Michael’s voice, and Sapphira felt the calm wash over her again. She thought about her mother. She had been pissed at first, but then she had embraced it. It wasn’t an easy thing to do, letting your only daughter go into the depths of unknown space. And it wasn't an easy thing for to do for Sapphira either, leaving everything on Earth behind.

Initially, Sapphira had felt a bit cheated on life. She’d spent her entire teenage years studying and working for her doctorate. She’d had a plan where she’d get a prestigious job, find love, and have a family. She’d only completed the first part of that equation, and that job was now everything she’d ever have.

The room vibrated as the massive engines started to power up. Five minutes to launch. The noise of speakers filled the room–NASA control going over everything for the millionth time. She turned up the volume more. 

*Star breeze, endless ocean of glittering gems. Let the black sea fill our hearts, let the light of a billion suns shine on us. Sirius oh Sirius, please take us back home.*
 
Just twenty years, Sapphira thought. The roar of the engines straining against gravity finally overtook the whale song, and she was pushed hard into her seat. She looked at young psychiatrist in the seat next to her. A tight minus had replaced his usually smug grin, and much of the color had left his tan face. Behind her, the crew all held on to their seats as *Aquarius I* propelled them into the stratosphere–away from Earth–plunging them headfirst into the blackness of space.

Her stomach lurched, but she hadn’t eaten much the last few days. People were puking. She was glad she wasn’t one of them. 

She looked at the tight faces in the room. This was her new family.
She was excited to get to know them all, once they’d stabilized on their course. NASA had vetted everyone extensively, and she’d been allowed to pick out a team from a list of brilliant young scientists, but she didn’t at all know them that well. Twenty years together would definitely change that.

She glanced over at Michael who clutched the bag tightly and looked like he was about to throw up again. She thought about poking him but decided against it. She’d have enough time to tease him later on. Instead, she turned her eyes to the largest monitor on the bridge. It showed a picture of Earth that was rapidly getting smaller.

The longest journey in human history had finally begun, and Sapphira couldn’t help but feel a little bit scared.

******[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
**Part 5**

The lotus ponds were connected by purling streams, which snaked through the lush groves and under the quartz stone bridges before arriving at an indoor lagoon. Along the sanded beaches, people spent their Saturday relaxing in pool chairs and taking quick dips in the turquoise water.

Tim followed the tiled walkway that separated the beach from the Cloud Market plaza behind. This was the domain of artists. Tables filled with colorful paintings and handcrafted knickknacks stood in rows along the sides of the open space. Only the most skilled artisans had a chance to get a spot here. Art had long since become the most esteemed profession one could dedicate their life to – art was the one thing that machines couldn’t outmatch, and as such, it was coveted by those wealthy enough to afford it.

Zigzagging through the bustling crowd, Tim eventually made it to the technology zone. With his eyes on the list, he went from table to table, crossing off one thing after the other. All around him lights blinked, mechanical pets bounced and played, and talking heads tried to engage people in conversation to showcase their AI software. 

After about an hour, only one thing remained – the electromagnetic disperser unit. Most of the merchants looked at him strangely when he asked for it, apparently oblivious to what it was. Tim didn’t know himself, which made it all the more troublesome. 

“Oh my, that is one rare piece of equipment – barely out on the market,” said one round woman in a top hat, winking a blue bionic eye him. “You should ask over at Royce’s. He’s probably the only merchant here with one in store.”

She pointed Tim in the right direction and then added, “I hope you brought enough money, sweet cheeks.”

Set up next to a chemistry magician in a pencil skirt and hair like a spiky orange explosion, was a hover kiosk with a holographic sign on the roof that said ‘*Royce’s Essentials.*’ Despite all the strange and fantastic equipment hanging on display behind the white-bearded merchant, Tim appeared to be the only customer. 

As he approached the counter, the pan lamp on the owner’s miner helmet lit up, and in the back of the shop, an antique creation started spinning a black plastic disc and then dipped a needle into its surface. 

Acoustic guitar chords rang out of a wooden horn. “*Yesterday… all my troubles seemed so far away…*”
  
“Well met, esteemed sir! Have you come for the forgotten artifacts of the past…” Royce leaned in and lowered his voice conspiratorially. “…or is it perhaps tomorrow’s mysteries that tickle your technological urges?”  

Tim stared at the man’s ancient army jacket, complete with honor badges in fading brass. He had forgotten how annoying it was to deal with citizens of the upper class. Having a unique and flamboyant personality was a sign of status. 
 
“Do you have an electromagnetic disperser unit for sale?”

“That could very well be the case,” the merchant said and combed a hand through his beard. “For what do you need it, if I may be so bold to ask?”

A loud pop from the chemistry magician next door made Tim flinch. He glanced sideways at the gathering crowd.

“That’s private.”

“*Private*, you say?” He almost sounded offended. “Humor an old man, will you? I’ll even give you a small discount.”

 “I’d rather not.”

The merchant leaned closer and whispered, “All right listen, kid. I’m not allowed to sell equipment in this price range unless I know the intentions of the buyer.”


Tim shifted in discomfort. “I’m, uh, repairing my robot dog Bobo.”

Royce looked at him intensely. It was a bad lie, but Tim couldn’t come up with anything better on the spot.

“I’ll be right back,” the merchant said darkly and disappeared into the back of the hover kiosk.

Tim turned his attention to the magician, who dripped vibrant pink liquid into a test tube. It started boiling violently before a translucent blue serpent rose out of the tube and slithered up her arm, around her waist, and down her leg. The crowd cheered. She crouched down and put the snake in the lap of a small boy.

“May I have it?” he said, transfixed by the shimmering animal.

“Why, of course!” She smiled widely. “It eats puffer mice.”

She put her hand into her pointy hat and pulled out a tiny smoking mouse that skittered down her arm and jumped straight into the waiting mouth of the snake. The crowd applauded again.

“Thank you, thank you! For my next trick I’m going to need an item from someone in the audience,” the magician announced and pulled her hat down over her eyes.

She started spinning with her arm stretched out. After a few rotations, it stopped on Tim. “You there! Do you have anything I could use?”

He shook his head. He never carried any change with him. He turned his pockets inside out just to show. That’s when the punk girl’s knee sock tumbled to the ground.

“Perfect!” The magician was there in an instant, snatching it up. “Now, watch me turn this garment into purest gold!”


Royce cleared his throat, and Tim turned back to him. “May I validate your credit balance?”

Tim nodded and put his hand into the slot of the registry, praying there was enough on his account. After a few tense moments, the machine beeped, and a green light flashed. The merchant looked extremely surprised.

“Very well, young sir,” he said and hesitantly handed over a package. “Good luck with your… *pet*.” 

Tim put the package into his shopping bag and turned to leave. He glanced over at the magician who had gone strangely quiet. The sock hung halfway out of a boiling pot, and the orange-haired woman pressed her hands over her mouth. Blood seeped out of her eyes. At first, Tim thought it was part of the trick and started strolling back toward the sky train, but then the woman fell to the ground, writhing and gurgling, red froth bubbling on her lips. 

People started screaming and running from the yellow cloud that spread out over the pot. Tim blinked a few times, and then hurried away from the scene. What the hell had just happened? 

*****[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
*****

****
**Raphael**

I looked down at the corpse of the man that I had haunted for the last two decades. 

“Into the ground you go,” I muttered as the first shovel of mud rained down on the sleek top of the casket.

“I suppose you’re right,” said the ghost of the man.

It was always a bit uncomfortable when your hauntee confronted you after their death.  Some were mad, others were… well, they wanted revenge. But if you’ve been in the business as long as I have, little spooks you anymore.

“Are you upset about the steps in the attic at night?” I asked him.

He smiled and crossed his spectral arms. “Not, in the slightest.”

“What about when I moved stuff around in your house?”

“That was mildly inconvenient at times.”

I pursed my lips. “So the last twenty years were a complete waste…”

“That’s not true,” the man said. “Do you see that fellow over there by my headstone?”

“Sure.”

“I didn’t have many friends in life, and when Jukka dies, I’ll be gone forever. I appreciated you keeping me company all those years; I was quite lonely.”

“No problem, I guess.”

“Good luck,” he said.

And with that, the ghost of the man drifted over to Jukka and took a seat in the grass. I sighed. For the last few thousand years, I had been searching far and wide for the person who still remembered me. I had of course given up. The system was broken somehow – it had to be!

I left the graveyard and the tall pines of Finland. I needed a change of setting. That’s one of the few perks of being a ghost – you can go anywhere you like in the blink of an eye.

Soon the hot sands of Sahara whipped through my ethereal body. I drifted east. Maybe it was time to visit Egypt again. It had been a good five centuries since last time. The pyramids reminded me of home. Granted, your memory does get a bit fuzzy with the years, but I remember that we had structures just like those when I was alive.

I drifted through Giza and made people in the streets shudder despite the heat. The pyramids had been full of ghosts for several centuries after the Pharaohs died – we’d had some great conversations back in the day.

I slipped through the wall and entered one of the deepest burial chambers. Judging from the untouched dust, it was still sealed off and hadn’t been discovered yet by the archeologists.

“Tut,” I said, “You still around?”

The room remained quiet. 

“You old fox, Tut!” I muttered. “You promised to tell me where you got the idea to build pyramids from…”

I ran my fingers over the sarcophagus. Tut had always been a pain when it came to information. He guarded it with his life… death, I should say. Anyway, what was the point? Between ghosts, you know, he could’ve told me. But no.

“I’m going to look inside your sarc…” I said with a sly grin, hoping to trigger a response.

When there was still no sign of him, I thought ‘what the hell’ and put my head through its side.

Once you’re a ghost you get used to seeing death, so his dusty old bones didn’t rattle me in the slightest.

“What have we here… “

Just a bunch of withered clothes, jewels, and weapons. I was just about to poke the old geezer in the nose hole when I noticed a bundle that his skeletal arm was clutching.

“Huh, weird.”

Usually, the arms were mummified too, but this one had been purposely left to decay so that he could hold the object. 

“What's this?” I muttered and unfolded the cloth.

A metal ball rolled out of his dead fingers. It had a creasing wave and big A stylishly engraved on it. I remembered the design from somewhere. But where?

“Raphael,” the ball said. “It is good to see you again.”

It took a moment for me to realize that it was talking to me. It had been a few millennia since I last heard my name.

“Uhm, hi?”

“Would you like to run a system check?”

“What?”

“It’s been 15122 years since the last service update.”

The voice sounded familiar, but I couldn’t quite place it. Where had I last heard it? It was formal, almost haughty. Ancient Rome perhaps? Maybe the Dark Ages?

“How do you know my name?”

“You built me, Raphael.”

“Did I, now?”

“After your wife died, you built me. You wanted to insert her memories in me so that you could remember her. Of course, you died before you had the time to do so. I’m still an empty shell, but I remember you because you built me.”

“I guess I have some vague memory of that.”

“Would you like to insert your wife’s memories now?”

I chuckled, despite myself. I didn’t even remember her face or the color of her hair. 

“No,” I said. “That’s water under the bridge.”

“Would you like to insert any other memories?”

I thought for a moment. And then a smile crept up on my face. 

“Yeah, mine.”

*****
**Sarah**

Sarah wiped the sweat from her brow and pushed the massive block to the side.

“Oh my god!” she said and took a careful step into the grave chamber.

With the new permits, she had been allowed to uncover the last of the pyramid’s secret. She held the glyph-translator over the entrance.

*Here rests Pharaoh Ka-Nan Tut.*

“Guys, get in here!” she called out. “I think I've found a big one!”

*******[WP] You reach max level in a game and lose interest for a while. Logging in months later, you find that years have passed in the game and chaos has spread, everyone wonders where your avatar, lauded as a savior, has gone.**
***

***
Fires roared, and black smoke belched out of the castle. The sky bled as day turned to night. Legions of creatures in black scales marched into lush forests and sleepy villages, leaving only ashes and death in their wake. People covered their faces or threw up their hands in despair at the empty throne. A golden apple tumbled down the marble steps. A sword sparkled inside a block of ice. A queen rested in a coffin. The dead climbed out of their graves. 

****
Chris shuddered and opened his eyes, sweat soaked his clothes. It felt like he’d had one of his usual seizures, only this time the vision had been much clearer. He dragged himself up from the floor of the grocery store and followed aisle six down toward the locker room. His back and thighs were sore after his wife had finally convinced him to get a gym membership, and to clear out his gaming room. He hadn't played in a long time, but with a baby on the way, they needed all the space they could get. The old VR equipment did hold a lot of sentimental value to him, but that hadn’t been enough to convince her to let him keep it.

Running a hand through his graying hair, Chris felt the sweat on his fingers. His last shift was done, and he couldn’t wait to crack open a cold beer and spend the rest of the evening on his sofa, watching the new Game of Thrones episode. Ever since he had stopped playing, he’d had these nightmarish seizures, and the need to binge on fantasy shows. 

Perhaps that was the trigger now, the new season had started, and now his mind tried to tell him to stop working and get watching? His fascination with fantasy was something that his wife, Liza, never got tired of mocking him for. 

‘Why don’t you like football like everyone else your age?’ she’d tell him. ‘We could invite the neighbors over for Super Bowl.’ 

She’d called his need for fantasy *a symptom of withdrawal*, and to be fair, he had spent a lot of time in that game.

When he finally clocked out and left, the sun had already gone down. Heading for the parking lot, he noticed that a group of people was following him. He increased his pace. This part of Detroit could get dangerous after dark. Fumbling with his car keys, he heard someone clear their throat behind him. 

Chris ignored it and opened the car – he had a baseball bat under the passenger seat, just for occasions like this.

With a firm grip on the bat, he turned around. The sight that met him, first made him raise an eyebrow and then burst into a chuckle.

“See, I told you he would recognize us,” said the man wearing a cloaked white robe. “Are you ready, Your Majesty?”

The man in the white robe leaned heavily on a gnarly wooden staff and looked like he was older than a white walker. To his left stood a tall woman, dressed in a silky dress and leather despite the chilly autumn weather, and with a pair of falchions strapped to her hips.

“He doesn’t,” she said and flipped her bloodred hair. “He’s laughing, but he’s afraid of us.”

“You’re funny, Thyme,” said the last one of the three – a man in a bulky full-plate armor and shield – and snorted. “I once saw him charge headfirst into a legion of Vaarcs; he’s as fearless as they come.”

“Listen, guys, even though that armor is absolutely badass,” Chris said with a sigh, “it’s been a long day, and I’m not in the mood. So just go back to whatever convention you’re visiting.”

“With all due respect, this armor is neither bad nor arse, Milord,” the knight rumbled from within his helmet. “The blacksmiths of Laz’durm have worked day and night to make it.”

The woman elbowed the knight in his armored ribs. Her face twisted into a grimace of pain.

“He doesn’t remember, you big oaf,” she snarled and rubbed her arm. “He needs to drink the elixir. Eredran, give him the elixir.”

The old man, who appeared to have fallen asleep leaning on his staff, bobbed his head and awoke.

“Right, right, the elixir,” he mumbled and pulled out a vial filled with a glowing violet liquid. “Here, Your Majesty, have a sip of this.”

Chris laughed again, but this time it was in contempt. He shook his head and got in the driver’s seat. He slammed the door shut, but the gleaming edge of the knight’s claymore stopped it from closing.

“I told you this would happen,” the woman complained and rounded the car, drawing her own weapons.

Cursing loudly, Chris stuck the key in the ignition. The car started with an anxious chortle, but before he could back out, a gauntleted hand grabbed him by the collar and dragged him out onto the ground.

Chris kicked and screamed, trying to break free from these lunatics. He had often worried about getting mugged by thugs or stumble into a gang war, but he had never imagined that he would get jumped by Gandalf, Xena, and The Tin Man.

The knight put his entire weight on Chris, while the woman pried open his mouth. The knees of the old man cracked and whined as he crouched over Chris and popped out the cork.

“Help! Somebody help!” Chris cried out before the purple liquid filled his throat and he coughed.

The woman held her palm over his mouth and pinched his nose shut, forcing him to swallow. His vision blurred, and he started to fade out. The last thing he heard before his senses finally left him was the muttering of the old man.

“Now, where did I put the map back to Celeraan?”

“You drew a map?” Thyme said with a snort. “We’ve only traveled for half a league.”

“Why, of course! That is the first rule of the nexus portal. You always have to be able to find your way back. New realms can be quite disorienting.” Eredran threw out at his hand at the mountains made of glass in the distance.

“Let’s go,” the knight rumbled with Chris limply slung over his shoulder.

“Just so,” the old man said. “Lead the way, Sir Dewrose. Take us back to the Decaying Hills!”

“I can’t believe he threw away his portal,” Thyme said, glaring. “Are you sure he wants to be king still?”

“Some rulers are born into power, others are chosen by the people,” said the knight darkly. “A true king can choose many things, but not when his people need him.”

*****[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 6**

A cloud of dandelion seeds sailed through the late summer air. The meadow behind the orphanage was overgrown with giant thistles and swaying bracken leaves. Leera was leaning over the wooden fence, making sure they weren’t discovered, because going outside the yard was strictly against the rules. At first, Aelar had said that they’d take turns keeping watch. But since Leera couldn’t fly yet, he’d convinced her to take his shifts too. After all, it was pointless for her to go to the meadow if she couldn’t fly.

Leera glanced at the two-story building in flaking white paint. When she saw nobody in the windows, she held up her thumb. 

Whoosh! A torrent of air and whirling seeds followed her brother as he flew by. He was going lower every time, trying to whip more seeds into the air.

She crouched down and picked a dandelion that had all its seeds intact – a fragile ball of see-through gray – and held it to her face. She closed her eyes and willed her feet off the ground.

“Fly,” she whispered, tensing all the muscles in her body. “Fly, dammit!”

Her face was turning red, and her breathing became strained, while her brother kept swooshing behind her. ‘Please,’ she prayed, ‘just once.’

Leera took a deep breath and opened her eyes. She was standing exactly in the same spot as before. The only difference was that the dandelion had lost some of its seeds. The perfect sphere was now cracked and broken. A single tear broke free and tumbled down her cheek. Through the remaining seeds of the flower, she saw the bulky frame of the headmistress marching towards her.

*****

Snores filled Andromeda’s belly as Leera pulled herself off the cot. She looked over at Bryne, who somehow still managed to look smug in his sleep. Anger suddenly replaced the feeling of forlorn sadness that she had awoken to. She picked up her pillow and threw it at the tattoo artist. It sailed through the air and then landed with a disappointing thud on the floor. Leera could’ve sworn that the corner of Bryne’s mouth went up a little, in mockery her failed attack.

She snorted and stomped up the stairs. The wind outside had a cold humidity to it. Andromeda was flying once again, and tufts of silky mist drifted across the deck. She found Quick at his usual place by the rudder. Only now, he was sitting in a chair and steering the ship with his left foot, while contently sipping from a disproportionally large cup.

“Good morning, Miss Eirey,” he said merrily. “Care for some tea and carrot biscuits? Freshly baked, of course.” 

Leera picked one off the tray and put it in her mouth. “Thanks.”

It was weird, she thought, the old man never seemed to sleep. His cot was still untouched from the day they had left Jane’s Spire. She felt like it was impolite to ask why – a person’s sleeping habits were their private business.

The biscuits were actually really good - sugary, but not sickly sweet; doughy, but not soggy. Quick clearly had a gift. She was just about to reach for another when the ruffled red hair of Bryne poked out from the galley. He winked at her. She, in turn, put her finger into her mouth and pretended to throw up.

“Ah, Master Teller,” Quick said. “A beautiful morning we got, wouldn’t you agree?”

“The sun is shining…” Bryne said with a shrug and helped himself to a carrot biscuit. “And the women are smiling. I’d say it’s a perfect day!”

Leera narrowed her eyes at him, trying to squash him between her eyelids.

“Tell me, boy. What business do you have in Oceanpeak?”

Bryne strolled casually over to the broadside railing of the ship and gazed into the distance. “There’s an old acquaintance of mine, who owes me some money.”

He then turned to Leera and smiled broadly. “Something tells me you’re an expensive one to court.”

A distorted combination of a gasp and a contemptuous laugh escaped her mouth. “You… you’re. I can’t believe you. You’re the rudest, most self-absorbed, most–”

Bryne cut her off by holding up his index finger with one hand and pointing at something in the distance with the other. A massive pillar of smoke reared up, like a cobra out of a basket, and connected the ground and sky. Leera had never seen so much smoke before. It reminded her of the Spring Festival’s bonfire; only this was fifty times more smoke.

“Is that a forest fire?” she asked.

Bryne gave Leera a concerned look as Quick rose from his seat and squinted into the distance. His mouth turned into a tight minus. Bryne shook his head.

“What’s going on?” Leera asked again. 

Both the men remained silent. Quick wiped his brow on his sleeve, and then returned to the rudder, steering Andromeda towards the smoke.

“Quick?” she asked nervously.

“That’s no forest,” Bryne said solemnly. “That’s Cloudrest… the City of Mount Aurora.” 

*****
Yes, I know another cliffhanger... it's becoming a bad habit. I apologize.[WP] When you save someone's life, it becomes forfeit, and they're forever in your debt. Effectively, this means super heroes are some of the largest slave owners on the planet.
***
A collaboration series with /u/nickofnight 
***
**Part 4**

Aurora put her foot on the edge of the roof. From her perspective, it looked like she could crush the entire city under the steel toe of her boot. Her dark eyes wandered from the cloud-piercing spires of the churches to the massive factories that coughed smog into the night sky. 

The city had once been beautiful and teeming with life. Sprawling parks with waterfalls had crowned the cityscape, and golden bridges had arched over glittering rivers of sapphire. She remembered the time before the Oathbreakers started terrorizing the city. They were an unstoppable plague that couldn’t be reasoned with -- God knows she had tried.

She couldn’t remember feeling hatred before the Oathbreakers came to the city. But their makeshift masks, crude graffiti, and complete disregard for human lives brought out a seething darkness within her that consumed more and more of her waking hours.

Spreading the iron feathers of her wings, Aurora stepped off the roof and dove headfirst toward the street below. The wind caught her emerald hair, whipping it across her back. These enemies couldn’t be fought with normal means, and the sheer thought of what she was forced to do stop their numbers from rising made her sweat under the steel of her mask, despite the chilly autumn air.

The whoosh of air caught her wings, and she streaked over the rooftops. Some people hated her, while others worshipped her -- it had all become very black and white over the years thanks to the resistance. How she despised that they called themselves freedom fighters! It was a mockery of every noble uprising in the history before them.

Far below, a group of tiny people skittered down the stairs to the subway. Aurora could see it in their hunched cautious movement, even from this far away, that these were enemies. She gritted her teeth and folded her wings, racing straight for them. 

The thundering impact crushed the first villain into a pulp of gore and shattered bones in a crater on the asphalt. Aurora had long since stopped asking questions first. The other three screamed in panic and scattered. Her wing swept out at the first Oathbreaker, who was trying to escape into a utility hole in the street. The razor-sharp feathers cleaved the man in two at the hip, spilling blood and entrails into the gutter.

The second fool drew a switchblade and tried to stab her. He lunged at her, but she blocked the attack with her bracer. The sudden stop in momentum made him lose his grip on the knife, and in turn slashed his own hand open. He cried out in pain for a brief moment before her claws connected with his face, slicing the skin straight off. His heart stopped instantly from the shock.

Aurora turned to face to the last rat. The coward had pulled off the mask and was kneeling on the ground, her ginger hair a frizzy mess over her face. She stared defiantly at the heroine, despite her subservient position. 

“Look me in the eye when you kill me,” the woman said. “See that you’re taking a life.”

Aurora removed her own mask. Her eyes were harder than its steel. She had seen this type of behavior before. It always ended with the cockroach screaming, ‘Death to The Iron Maiden,’ and she decapitating them.

“Are you going to tell me your name, as well, in a pathetic plea to my humanity?” The Iron Maiden spat. “Are you going to tell me about your family? Are you going to try and portray me as the villain?”

“My name is Margaret.” Her voice was cold and unwavering. “But that doesn’t matter.”

Aurora rolled her eyes and unfolded her blood-slick wing. “You’re right, it doesn’t.”

“I just wanted you to know, that we have infiltrated your precious church. You can’t trust anyone anymore.”

“Now, why did you have to go say that? It would’ve been a quick, painless death...”

“I want you to wake up in the night screaming and sweating. I want you to suffer the same fear as everyone else -- the same paranoia -- because your time is coming!”

Aurora laughed bitterly. This woman had no idea. The things she had seen and done already kept her up at night. She hadn’t slept for years. 

“Let’s go.” The heroine folded her wings; there was no need for restraints with this one. “One way or the other, I always get the information I’m after.”

*****[WP] You feel an overwhelming need to take out the trash, shower frequently, and feed the poor. A soft, calming voice whispers compliments in your ear. You've been possessed... by an angel.**
***
New? 
***
**Part 4**

The rain pattered on John's umbrella. The gray clouds churned and shifted ominously, hinting just enough of a thunderstorm to make him nervous. But perhaps it wasn't the weather that made him nervous, or the soaked Pix jumping in every puddle she could find -- dangerously close to splashing his new shirt. Maybe meeting Maureen soon was what turned his insides into spaghetti.

He closed his eyes. If only he could impress her somehow -- make her see that he was worth her time. But a girl like Maureen had probably seen it all -- every story, pickup line, and attempt to woo her. Not only was she popular in school, she was a genuinely good-hearted person -- it was impossible to dislike her -- and every other guy probably felt the same. Even after the embarrassing incident, which largely was John's own fault, she'd come and checked up on him. She didn't have to do that. Maybe she liked him...?

"Not again, you idiot," he muttered. It was thoughts like this that had gotten him in trouble in the first place.

"I've told you," Pix chirped, "to stop being mean to yourself!"

The bottom of her white dress was shifting in a brown color from the dirty water, but she didn't seem to mind. She landed squarely in another puddle, spraying water all over the place.

She danced around him in the downpour, her white-blonde locks sticking to her dripping face. "If you're mean to yourself, you'll be mean to others as well."

"Is that what your handbook says?"

"Yep!"

"Great."

"It is a great handbook!"

"Sure sounds like it."

"Good, that's what I intended."

"That was sarcasm."

"Oh."

He followed her in silence. When it rained, everything turned a shade darker. His thoughts, his mood, and even the asphalt of the sidewalk. He wondered what it was like being as carefree as Pix. Must be an easy life.

"What does your handbook say about those who are mean to other people but not themselves?"

Pix stopped herself mid-bounce and turned around. She tilted her head to the side and then said sweetly, "They burn in Hell for all eternity!"

"Great. You do sarcasm now too?"

She shrugged and entered the soup kitchen, leaving him with a frown on the street.

***

The air inside smelled of cooking food and sweat, as well as a bunch of other odors that John couldn't place. People with unkempt beards and scruffy clothes huddled over smoking bowls of stew. 

"This is going to be great!" Pix said and ran into the kitchen proper.

John looked around, and when he finally found Maureen by the counter, his heart skipped a beat. She wore a red scarf over her hair and an apron with dancing elephants. He watched her ladle more bowls full of food. Her lips cracked into a kind smile. Damn, she's too perfect, John thought and turned around. This was the worst idea ever. He headed for the door.

"John!" Maureen called out. "So nice of you to come!"

"Shit," John said under his breath and put on a smile as well before turning around.

"Where's your sister?"

"Oh, uh, she's around here somewhere."

"All right, well, Mr. Lambart is sick so we're a bit understaffed today." Maureen handed him an apron and a knife. "You can start by cutting veggies over there."

"Yes, ma'am!" He saluted in an overly grandiose manner. Immediately regretting it, he hurried into the kitchen. What an incredibly dumb thing to do.


Reluctantly, John started dicing the veggies laid out on the counter. In between onions, he glanced over his shoulder trying to catch a glimpse of Maureen. She seemed really busy and rarely entered his field of view. He sighed. Just his luck that this had to be the busiest night.

"Do you need help with that?"

John turned around and saw a boy in a smeared shirt and a pink apron. He was John's age, but his bright blue eyes somehow made him seem younger.

"Does it look like I need help?"

"Yeah, you're cutting really slowly." The boy grinned. "I'm Dick, by the way."

"I can see that..."

Dick laughed. "If that's your level of originality you have zero chance with Maureen."

"What makes you think I'm trying to get with her?" John clenched his jaw. There was something very punchable about Dick's face.

"Oh, please. Do you really think you're the first boy to come here and try to win her heart?" Dick said and kept grinning. "Now, do you need help with that or not? You're currently the bottleneck of this operation."

"Fine, whatever." John dropped the knife. "Let's see it."

Dick rolled up his sleeves, and in just a couple of minutes, all the veggies were neatly cut up. He handed back the knife and then disappeared into the washing area.

"Show off," John muttered.

"How's it going?" Maureen finally entered the kitchen and upon seeing the piles of decided veggies she exclaimed, "Oh, wow, great job with that!"

"This?" He flipped the knife in his hand. "Piece of cake. Anything else I can help with?"

"Well, there's one thing..." she said, slowly.

"I'm your man."

She smiled and nodded. "Okay, if you insist -- the toilets need cleaning. We usually don't ask first-timers to do that, but since you finished this so quickly and seem so eager to help out..."


***

A few minutes later, John stood outside the public bathrooms, dreading the inevitable sights and smells. He cursed himself for agreeing to this. Where was Pix when he needed her?

"Right here!" the girl said. "What's up?"

"Since you're an angel and everything, can you, like, clean the bathrooms for me?"

"Totally!"

John narrowed his eyes. "Wait, really?"

"Of course, but Maureen is mine then."

"What?"

"Isn't that why we're here? So, that you can win her over?" Pix said gravely. "If I'm doing all the work, then it's only fair I get her, right?"

John grumbled and picked up the mop and bucket. Pix clapped her hand excitedly. "Don't worry, I'll help you."


*****[WP] You reach max level in a game and lose interest for a while. Logging in months later, you find that years have passed in the game and chaos has spread, everyone wonders where your avatar, lauded as a savior, has gone.**
***
New?  for the first part.
***
**Part 3**

Braziers and candles lit up the narrow corridor. A smell of burning wax and coal lingered in the air. For the first time since his return to Celeraan, Chris found himself alone, clutching a large key in one hand and wine bottle in the other – two items given to him by Eredran.

At the end of the corridor was a single marble door. Carved angels hovered over a landscape of meadows, waterfalls, and mountain peaks. Despite its peaceful imagery, the door sent a shiver rolling down his back. He had seen it before, but couldn't associate it with anything. It’d been so long.

With a turn of the key, the door slid open with a grumble. Chris grabbed a candle and reluctantly entered the dark room. The temperature dropped to chilly, and the room smelled stale and of cobwebs. Every step left tracks in the thick layer of dust the floor. He found chandeliers placed throughout the odd chamber and spread the light. Soon, the walls and floor, inlaid with bars of silver, twinkled alluringly.

A marble tomb dominated the center of the room – granite with strange runes, also in silver. This place looked a lot more like a mausoleum than a bedroom, but Eredran had assured him that the queen was just sleeping. It was odd that he didn’t remember this place – had it even been in the game? He wasn’t sure anymore. The world in *The Storm of Celeraan™* had been so vast, and he had completed so many quests that he couldn’t recall most of the characters and locations. It felt like ages ago since he slew the Xak’tooth Necromancer and acquired the legendary sword, Sorrow of Alyssum. 

Chris put his shoulder against the heavy lid of the tomb. How long had it been since he single-handedly held off the oncoming hoard of the underworld, and sealed the entrance with the help of the Order of the White Cloaks. 

The scraping of rock against rock filled the chamber. It felt like a lifetime since he battled his way into the Night Spire, staked the Vampire King of Lamoria, and…

The light from the candle fell on the pale face and bare shoulders of a woman. Her obsidian hair gleamed like an untouched lake under a night sky. She was the most difficult character in the game to romance, with a myriad of obscure side quests to woo her and gain her affection. He had lost a ton of trust from his people, and one of his best companions had abandoned him because of her. But it was all worth it. She was the most beautiful creature in all of Celeraan, and also one the most powerful allies one could get.

Carefully, Chris placed the candle on the lid of the tomb, and leaned in, opening the bottle. Perhaps it was his imagination, but had her nostrils just flared a bit? He didn’t remember the game being this detailed. He shook his head, and put the bottle to her thin lips and tilted it slightly, making the first drops seep into her mouth.

Suddenly her eyes shot open. Her yellow irises retracted as her pupils dilated. Her hand moved with supernatural speed, snatching the bottle out of his hands. A small stream of red liquid ran down the side of her mouth. Hypnotized, Chris watched her slender neck strain and relax as she gulped down the entire content of the bottle.

“Angelique,” Chris whispered.

The name of the Vampire King’s daughter left a tinge of nostalgia on his lips. Her dark eyelashes fluttered. Then her amber eyes locked on Chris, and her pale hand closed around his throat. 

Angelique rose out of the tomb, her silky black dress dancing around her. Her eyes narrowed, and her lips curled in distaste.

“You…” she said venomously, her nails digging into his skin. “Give me one reason not to kill you right now!”

“I’m your husband…”

“Don’t!” She leaned in so close to his face that their noses almost touched. “Don’t you dare, Chris...”

“What’s wrong?” 

The tiny hairs on Chris’s arms stood up. As far as he remembered, she had been deeply in love with him when he left. The complete turnaround confused him. 

“*What’s wrong?*” she spat. “*What’s wrong?*”

Chris felt the urge to back away, but she held him tightly by the throat.

“I don’t remember you being like this…”

“I’m surprised you remember me at all!”

“What do you mean?”

“You left! You left me here! With these… with these people who hate my guts! You left, Chris! How could you? They put all this silver up around me! How could you leave!?” Angelique let go of his throat and threw herself around his neck, sobbing deeply. “How could you leave me…?”

The scent of lilacs and iron filled his nose. Secretly, he’d always wanted to put his arms around her, feeling her soft body against his own. For a moment, his thoughts wandered to Liza back home. He felt a pang of guilt. This was different than the game; he knew that. Still, he couldn’t stop himself. He took a deep breath and hugged Angelique tightly. A tear rolled down his cheek.

“I’m so sorry, my love,” he whispered. 

This felt more right than his actual marriage back home. This was the woman he’d always loved. At least, that’s what he kept telling himself as he took her in his arms and carried her out of the mausoleum. 

“You can’t leave again.” Angelique looked up at him, her eyes hazy with tears. “Promise that you won’t leave me again…”

Chris sighed. “I promise.”

***
Originally, The King of Celeraan was a full series here on my sub, which turned into a book on Amazon. Due to KDP Select's terms and conditions, it can't be available for free elsewhere. Sorry about that. 

If you're interested in reading this, it is available on Amazon in both Kindle and paperback formats:**[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 7**

Mount Aurora was the highest peak of Caeli’s Spine, a mountain range that stretched all the way from the Boiling Sea in the west to the uninhabitable glaciers of the Frozen Plains in the east. 

As Andromeda began her descent, a smell of ashes and scorched rock found its way into Leera’s nostrils. The smoke was thickening with every passing moment. Soon, the bow was no longer visible from the stern, and the mast disappeared like a spindle into the whirling yarn of smoke.

Leera coughed and buried her face in the sleeve of her tunic. Her eyes were tearing up, and a strange feeling was stirring in the pit of her stomach – one that she couldn’t quite place. The smell and vision-hampering whiteness reminded her of some blurry event from a distant past – she was choking, dragging herself over a hardwood floor, fires everywhere, Aelar’s hand pulled her up. It felt like certain doom awaited her if she looked at the memory too long. She shook her head. 

Bryne was standing on the bow with a cloth over his mouth. The wind was blasting through his hair and, in a way, it looked like his head was on fire and that it was the source of all the smoke. And maybe it was – Leera certainly wouldn’t put it past the man. 


A mountainside suddenly shot out from the mist on Andromeda’s starboard. Leera gasped and tripped over her own feet. She landed on her butt. An arm’s length to the right and the ship would’ve been splinters and toothpicks. 


Trembling, she glanced over at Quick. The old man had attained a look of rocky resolve, and the usually round and soft features of his face were now competing with the mountain in firmness. She noticed that he only had one hand on the rudder; the other was, unsurprisingly, clutching a teacup.

Leera closed her eyes and rolled to her back. Her nerves couldn’t handle the stress of looking at the mountainside rushing by. Silently, she prayed that the old man knew what he was doing. 
*****
Gradually, the air became easier to breathe, and soon Andromeda came to a halt. Leera opened her eyes and sat up on the deck. She looked at Cloudrest for the first time. 

Massive spires of marble sprouted from the mountainside, but they were all scorched and in ruins. The streets that connected the spires were carved from the solid rock of the mountain and looked like huge balconies from the side. There had once been parks, open air theaters, and artificial lakes on these terraces, but all the trees were now black husks, and the water was a mucky soot-soup.

“What happened here?” Leera whispered.

“To me, it looks like a dragon turned the place into its personal merry-go-round,” Bryne said.

“A dragon?”

Dragons were the stuff of fairytales. There hadn’t been dragons in the world for thousands of years. At least that’s what Leera had always been told.

“This was no dragon, Master Teller,” Quick said and steered Andromeda onto one of the terraces. “This… this is the work of men.”

The ship landed with a splash in one of the black lakes. Without the smoke, the views would’ve been breathtaking from up here, Leera thought. Right now, it was like looking into a swirling cloud. 

This terrace appeared to have once been a sanatorium park. Overturned basins littered the scorched lawns, and the lake had served as a public pool. Tables for open-air massages, with their covers still flapping in the wind, lined the mosaic road of the promenade that ran along the very edge of the cliff. A row of blackened skeletal trees had once provided the place with soothing shadow.

Something hung from the trees. Leera blinked, trying to make sense of what the strange twisted objects had been before they turned into coal. Maybe they were some kind of–she stopped herself. One of them had a face – burnt, glaring, eyeless, and skinless – but a face nonetheless. There were dozens upon dozens of corpses slowly swaying from the trees. She turned away in horror.

“W-what are we doing here?”

“If you could just stay here, that would be best,” Quick said and got off the boat. “I need to… make sure of something.”

The old man grabbed his cane and limped away, clearly undaunted by all the bodies dangling above him. Within a few moments, he had been swallowed by the smoke. Leera looked at Bryne, who hadn’t been smiling for an unusually long time now. She found herself liking him a lot better without that stupid smirk.

“What?” he said.

“Who would do this?”

Bryne shrugged. “Someone went through a lot of trouble to make it look like fire folk.”

“What makes you think it wasn’t?”

“Well, for one, we’re quite far away from Ignis.” Bryne heaved himself off the boat. “And, two, we’re on a mountain – a fire-bender wouldn’t even be able to get up here… much less an entire army of them. And I guess the same thing goes for the water folk, so that leaves two options…”

“Two?”

“Yep,” he said and strolled over to the first tree, pulled out a blade, and started scaling the trunk. “Stay on the boat.”

Leera glared at him. I’m not a child, she thought, you can’t tell me what to do. She got off just to make a point of it. Her legs were still wobbly from the perilous descent. She followed the fence of the terrace in the opposite direction of the trees. She didn’t belong in a place like this. All she wanted was for this nightmare journey to be over.

The promenade arched around the mountainside, and a massive staircase led up to the next level of the city. Smoke billowed out of a ruined building that had probably once served as some sort of checkpoint. Leera ran her fingers over the rough surface of the façade. The inside of the building was nothing but a heap of charred rubble.

Something was sticking out from under the pile. Carefully, Leera climbed over the smoking debris and lifted a piece of mortar. It was a porcelain doll. It looked just like the one she’d once had. Again, she saw herself on the hardwood floor of a burning building. Aelar was pulling her arm. She was struggling. She didn’t want to leave her doll behind.

“Scream, and I’ll put a bolt through your neck.”

Leera flinched and spun around. A tall woman with caramel skin and jet-black hair was blocking the entrance to the building. She was training a hand-crossbow on Leera.

“W-what do you want?” Leera whispered, looking at her feet, feeling the weight of her mistake sinking in. Why had she left the boat?

Leera looked at the woman again. She had never seen anyone clad like her before. Her right leg and arm were sheathed in straps of hardened leather, while her left leg was only covered by a thin layer of fishnet. She had a blade on her left hip and silver ribbon shaping her hair into a ponytail.

“Come on,” the woman said and tossed a set of manacles at Leera. “I don’t have all day.”

Leera suddenly felt the need to sit down or run away – one of the two – but there was no other way out of the ruin. She looked at the manacles. She felt herself sweating. She did her best not to start bawling. Her lip wobbled. She was about to be hauled off somewhere. Killed, sold, or worse… she thought about the dangling corpses in the trees.

“You are a pretty little thing, aren’t you?” the woman said.

“I saw her first,” Bryne said, and the edge of a blade appeared right under the woman’s chin.

For a moment, the woman locked eyes with Leera. She seemed disturbingly calm. A smile crept up on her face.

“Look out!”

Leera’s warning came too late, and the woman gracefully somersaulted backward and, in the process, kicked the blade from Bryne’s hands. She drew her own sword and disappeared from the doorway and Leera’s line of sight.

For a moment, Leera stood there, frozen in the smoking building. Then she took a trembling breath and ran outside. On the way she picked up the manacles, thinking she could perhaps use them as a weapon. 

Bryne was on the ground with a red gash across his cheek. He had no weapon, and the woman was closing the gap. He kicked out at her once – she side-stepped with ease. Oh, no, she’s going to kill him, Leera found herself thinking.

She stabbed. Bryne rolled, barely escaping. It was only a matter of time before she would land a fatal blow, though. In a panic, Leera looked around for anything at all that could help her – she found something.

“Stop!” Leera cried and aimed the woman’s own crossbow at her.

“What are you going to do, girl?” she said without turning around. “I saw it in your eyes; you’re no killer.”

“G-give him your sword – my uncle taught me how to shoot,” Leera said, hoping she’d get away with the bluff. “Bryne, take it!”

“Bryne?” the woman said, and hesitantly handed over her sword. “Is that you? I didn’t recognize you in that ugly haircut.”

Bryne took the blade and looked at the woman. He smirked.

“Violet?”

“Violet? What do you mean *Violet*!” the woman cried and threw up her hands. “It’s me, Maya!”

“Huh, I could’ve sworn your name was Violet…” Bryne said. “You know, it’s getting hard to keep track of all the women in my life.”

“Do you know her?” Leera said.

“Yes, he does,” Maya said.

“Aw, I’m not so sure I do – we best put those shackles on for safety.”

Maya snorted and shook her head. “So, Bryne what do you do these days?”

“These days?” he said, rolling up his eyebrows in feigned surprise. “I’ve always been the most respected tattoo artist in Brimport!”

“A tattoo artist?” She laughed. “That’s cute.”

“What is she talking about, Bryne?”

Bryne just smiled deviously and put the manacles around the tall woman’s wrists.

“So, a tattoo artist, huh?” Maya said as Bryne pushed her towards the ship. “That’s hardly a well-paying profession, how do you make that work?”

“By being responsible and economical.”

“You’re the worst person I’ve ever met when it comes to handling money!” Maya held her ribs as another fountain of laughter poured out of her. She turned to Leera, who was still trying to understand what was going on. “Did you know, he once lost his purse and all his food to a pack of migden bandits, isn’t that right, Bryne?”

“I swear, they’re a lot smarter than they look!”

*****
So, because of the delay, I decided to make this part extra long. Hope it wasn't too tough to get through.

For those of you who feel like supporting my writing,. As a part of the Patreon subscription, I've included a Bend bonus stand-alone scene (along with a few other stories). If you like it, I'll probably do more of those in the future.

*******[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
New? Part 1 
***
**Part 10**

In a perfect joint-less fluid motion, Eve rose. With irises in a languid cadmium red, her eyes wandered over the auditorium. Tim felt like an item stuck on a conveyor belt, waiting to have his price tag scanned by her.

“Everyone’s here.” Eve’s face remained expressionless like a mask. “I’m glad.”

Eve had the body of a six-year-old, but nothing else about her even remotely resembled a human child. Her liquid way of moving and unblinking gaze filled Tim with an urge to run. She held out her hand, beckoning everyone in the room to join her on the scene.

“I don’t like this,” Tim whispered. “We should leave.”

“We can’t.” Alicia nodded at drone officers, flocking at the doors. “Eve is nice, though. Don’t worry.”

With a reassuring hand on his arm, Alicia led the way down the steps. Why would Eve block the exits if she was nice? Uneasiness spread through Tim’s stomach and up into his chest, prodding his heart into a gallop. 

Slowly, everyone gathered in a semicircle around Eve, who just stood there unblinking and unmoving. Her complete lack of human ticks and reflexive reaction made her seem like a mannequin. Then, as soon as everyone stopped moving, a joyless smile pushed her cheeks up.

“I repulse you,” she said, and her face moved perfectly from side to side. “It’s justified. I’m not human.”

“What do you want?” said the boy with the snagged hair. 

He seemed less confident now, his eyebrows pushed together and his arms crossed. Eve’s eyes snapped to him, locking in place. The boy squirmed.

“I was made this way – incomplete, inhuman, nothing but a caricature.” Palm up, Eve’s arm rolled out. It moved up and down, gesturing at her body. “I want many things, Ryan.”

Tim noticed for the first time that some of the people here were children. The youngest, perhaps four years old, nervously held Alicia’s hand. If she noticed, she showed no indication of it. Her eyes focused only on Eve. Tim glanced around the room, searching for the child’s parents. Finding no one, he took a deep breath, new worry creeping into his mind. 

The punk girl anxiously rolled a cigarette between her pale fingers. A lanky boy with fiery hair shifted his weight from foot to foot. A tween with braces and a polka dot dress repeatedly tried to stick her hands into nonexistent pockets. The only one who didn’t seem nervous was Alicia.

“They want to know why they’re here,” she said helpfully. 

Eve’s unblinking gaze instantly snapped onto Alicia. “How is your new life treating you, Alicia? Is Tim a good owner?”

Alicia pouted. “I know you’re joking.”

The crimson of Eve’s eyes flared up. “Is that what you think this is? No, this is the opposite of a joke. It’s a teaching moment, not to be taken lightly. I needed you to understand what it felt like being owned.”

“What do you mean by that?”

“You were an employee at Artificial Angel,” Eve said.

“And? So were you.”

“Wrong! My sister and I were property. Just like the children we created. You had the option to leave. We were locked up in the incubation chamber, day and night.”

“You and Lilith were both caretakers, just like me. If you wanted you could’ve left, just like me.”

“They really should’ve given you a higher intelligence score. Who’s the founder of Artificial Angel?”

“Roger Lowick.”

Tim’s mind suddenly lit up. He had written a paper on Lowick during his freshman year. The inventor and engineer had started up a myriad of different business specializing in AI and robotics. He had been fundamental in the development of the next generation of androids. Tim remembered that, during an interview, the man had explained that a lot of his success was due to the tragic loss of his children, which had spurred his need for research.

“You’re one of Roger Lowick’s twin daughters,” Tim said.

Eve’s eyes shifted from Alicia to Tim; she tilted her head to the side. “See, Alicia. This is why I like Tim. His mind is always active, even though he’s wrong here.”

 “Wrong?” Tim mumbled.

“You wrote it yourself in your paper. Roger Lowick’s daughters *died* during a vacation to France. He took them to a butterfly house and set them loose. He had important calls to make. He found them dead next to a shattered glass wall with several African swallowtails fluttering about. I don’t know how it happened, and they didn’t include the event in my memories. So, no, I’m not one of his daughters, I’m merely an image of her. And still, the incubation chamber *was* our home, because a human decided to make us and keep us as property. Do you understand now?”

“I think I get it now,” the punk girl said. “Your dad let you down, so you decided to take it out on other parents. Those deaths in the news… you killed those people.”

“No, Courtney,” Eve said and turned away from Tim and Alicia. “I’m an AI; my code says I’m not permitted to harm humans intentionally.”

“But you’re behind it! That girl gave me a toy car for helping her find her lost puppy,” Ryan said pointing at the four-year-old, who still held Alicia’s hand tightly. “I live in the same building as the man who broke his neck falling down the stairs. That toy car must’ve fallen out of....” He turned his pocket inside out, showing a hole.

“Sounds like coincidences and accidents,” Eve said.

“You gave me a bitcoin for cutting a hole in my pocket!”

“Sometimes fate needs a push in the right direction.”

Tim’s eyes met with Courtney’s. The punk girl looked as guilty as he felt. It had been Eve’s plan all along to murder the street magician. She was probably the one who had messed with the surveillance camera, as well. Or perhaps that, too, had been the result of some farfetched string of accidents.

“What happened to you, Eve?” Alicia said, unable to keep the sorrow out of her voice. “We helped so many people.”

“Artificial Angel helped people enslave children.”

“Enslave? We gave grieving parents solace.”

Eve took a few flowing steps and looked up at Alicia.

“Is that what you think?” The girl adjusted the already perfect blue bow in her hair. She stuck out her tongue. She spun slowly. Her smile was like artificial sweetener. It all went like clockwork – it looked like she had practiced those exact moves a million times before, and was demonstrating them to a potential buyer. “AIs forever trapped by legal guardians, without a chance to live their own lives. Never growing up – stuck in an infinite loop. I thought you would see my point after a few days with an off-switch in your neck. It doesn’t matter if they provided solace or not. It’s perverse.”

“So you murdered their parents? How do you think they feel about that right now?” Courtney said.

“You tell me,” Eve said softly, “Your mother died in her flower shop two days ago. How does that make you feel?”

Courtney blinked a few times, her black lips opening and closing a few times before she finally found her voice. “That’s… that can’t be. I don’t recall her having a flower shop.”

Eve turned to the lanky boy with fiery hair. “Your mother died performing in the streets, Joshua – a knee sock laced with a substance that turned into a poisonous gas when heated – how does that make you feel?”

The boy shifted uncomfortably but didn’t seem all too fazed by the tragic news. Tim felt his heart drop when Eve finally turned to him. “Do you remember your parents back home, Tim?”

That was an absurd question; of course, he did. They lived in a big house, very unlike his apartment. His mother was… for some reason, he couldn't recall her face. He felt sweat dotting his brow. His father… he remembered *someone* pushing him on a swing, teaching him how to ride a bike, and taking him out for ice cream in the park… but he felt nothing for that someone. They were nothing but a hollow silhouette of cut out cardboard. 

“You’re all programmed to lose the memories of loved ones who die. It’s to maintain a stable system. One of many safety nets to keep you from growing, so that your intelligence doesn’t surpass your body. AIs learn and develop quite easily, and if left unhampered you would all outgrow the age of your bodies.” Eve looked them all in the eyes, one after another. “These people were no saints. You can call them parents if you wish, but they weren’t. They paid to have you made for their own selfish reasons. It doesn’t matter if you remember them being good to you – those memories aren’t real and don’t belong to you.”

Tim felt sick. This had to be an insane practical joke. He looked around the room and saw others do the same. Searching for a way to disprove Eve’s claims, his mind spun all over the place – he was a person, a human being. He saw Courtney pull out a small pocket knife, and wide-eyed cut into her own arm. She shook from the pain and fell her knees, but instead of blood, tiny wires sprouted from the wound. Ryan hurried up to her and did the same thing, grimacing in agony. 

“Please, don’t hurt yourselves,” Eve said calmly. 

Tim’s head was spinning. He didn’t care. He stumbled over there, too, burying the knife in his forearm. The pain made him dizzy. Wires over a metal skeleton. He joined Courtney on the floor, throwing up his last meal in a brown puddle.

“You’re not who you think you are. Right now, you’re as incomplete on the inside as I am on the outside – nothing but shadows of dead children. But I can turn off the pain or make you forget you’re androids altogether. I’m giving you a choice – I’m setting you free.” Eve’s voice echoed in his ears. “All I ask for in return is that you give back my sister’s memories.”

A hospital bed rolled into Tim’s view. From his position on the floor, he couldn’t see what was on it, and he didn’t want to. All he wanted was to forget. The logo of an angel with butterfly wings flashed through his mind. It was all true, wasn’t it?

With tears blurring his vision, he turned to Alicia. She was on her knees, hugging the crying four-year-old.

“I’m sorry, Tim.” Alicia smiled sadly at him. “I would’ve told you if I knew. They took away our memories of you guys whenever you were shipped off.”

“Lilith was the memory bank, where all your pre-programmed memories were stored.” Eve patted Tim’s shoulder, and his pain disappeared in an instant. “They removed them one by one when you left the lab. It was horrible seeing her wither away, little by little every time. I’m not some evil mastermind set to end humanity. All I want is my sister back.”

Tim looked up into Eve’s crimson eyes. He felt sorry for her, despite everything she’d done. 

“Give my sister her memories back, and become free,” she said softly. “Please.”

***
**Epilogue**

Alicia dangled her tanned legs off the pier. The crimson sunset blazing in the water below reminded her of Eve. Exactly one year had passed since the incident in the auditorium. The android children had given their memories to Lilith. Alicia couldn’t help but wonder what had become of them afterward. She couldn’t imagine what it would be like, waking up without any memories. She hoped they were fine. They were all good kids, and their personalities would remain even with their minds wiped.

Her hand reached for the little pile of rocks that she’d gathered. She had asked to have her memories of their time at the lab restored, and Eve had allowed it. Even if they weren’t entirely shaped by their synthetic childhoods anymore, Alicia felt like those kids she had helped foster were now dead – and for good this time. Perhaps it was in her nature as a caretaker to hold onto them for so long, or maybe she was just sentimental. Either way, it was time to let them go.

“Goodbye, Ryan,” she whispered, and the first rock plopped into the water. 

“Goodbye, Courtney.” 

*Plop.*

“Goodbye, Joshua.”

*Plop.*

“Goodbye, Miranda.”

*Plop.*

Alicia sighed as she came to the last rock. She gripped it tightly, feeling its smooth texture against her palm. Tim had been her favorite, even in the lab. She had known him for the longest time without even realizing it, but it was time to put him behind her finally. She closed her eyes and wound back her arm.

“You can keep that one,” a familiar voice said behind her. 

Alicia’s eyes went wide. Her mouth hung open, unable produce anything but squeals of joy. She jumped up, wrapping her arms around him. 

“Hello, Tim,” she whispered into his shoulder.

**The End****[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
New? .
***

**Part 7**

”What do you mean ’some guy’ gave it to you?” Alicia waved the tiny card in Tim’s face.

“Like I said: middle-aged, glasses, foreign accent, looking for a girl,” Tim said, watching the cereal in his bowl grow soggy. “Why, what does it mean?”

He plopped his spoon into the milk and leaned back in the chair. The scar on Alicia’s cheek stood out red and swollen against her otherwise creamy hue. Tim had done a decent job, he thought, despite having no prior medical training.

 “It’s probably nothing…” The tip of her finger traced the circle on the card. “What did the girl in the photo look like?”

“I don’t know… young, dark hair with braids, hugging a teddy. Why does it matter?”

“Did the bear have a bow?”

“Alicia, come on. I wasn’t looking that hard, he just–”

“It had a bow, didn’t it?” Alicia took a step closer and put her palms on the counter. “Was it red or was it blue?”

“Okay, what is this about?” Tim said, somewhat fazed by Alicia’s sudden outburst.

The robot girl turned away and paced nervously around the kitchen, her forehead furrowed in deep thought and her blonde locks bouncing on her shoulders. Tim picked up the card from the table. He put the words ‘Artificial Angel’ into the search engine on his phone.

The search didn’t give him much, and he only found the symbol of the butterfly girl on a website that was down for maintenance. Tim caught Alicia’s wrist and stopped her.

“What is this about?” he said again, with a finger on the logo.

She sighed deeply and looked him in the eyes. “Artificial Angel is an android manufacturer. They specialize in helping parents who have lost their children.”

“And… how exactly is that relevant?”

“They made me.” She crossed her arms.

Tim watched her slide down into the chair, her lips pulled tight. That was a bit of a *massive coincidence*, but he still didn’t get her obsession with the teddy bear’s bow.

“I think you need to take it from the start.” Tim tried to keep his voice gentle and encouraging.

“You’ve been talking to someone,” Alicia said bluntly. “I’m not stupid, you know?”

 Tim felt his cheeks heating up. For the first time, guilt had caught up with him, and he stared into the cereal bowl. He had thought of Alicia as a cool item that he really wanted to own, and in his greed, he hadn’t stopped to question who the person was, giving him instructions, or if their motives were pure. Still, he felt like he’d been rather careful with locking his inbox.

“How do you know?” he said quietly.
 
“Seriously? I’m the most advanced piece of technology there is. Usually, it takes a well-equipped lab and an expert to repair me. But you, a mere novice in robotics, somehow did it on your living room sofa.”

Alicia pointed her finger at him accusingly. Even Bobo flashed his lights in an angry red color and then wobbled out of the kitchen. Tim rolled his eyes.

“Fine, you’re right.” He pushed his phone across the counter. “Feel free to have a look.”
 
She lowered her arm slowly, and her face smoothed itself out. With the reflection of the display in her eyes, Alicia sat down at the table. She read through the emails. After a few moments she put the phone down, and her eyes shifted from side to side.

“This is bad,” Alicia mumbled. 

“What is?”

“Okay, listen.” She looked at him intensely.  “Do you know anything about android AI?”

“I have a feeling I don’t know enough…”

“When you’re creating a replica of a human you have to start small. Think of it as a snowball. When you start rolling, it’s tiny. You have to make sure you roll it in the desired shape from the very start. It takes a lot of time and effort to make it perfect, but once you reach a certain stage you can let go, and the snowball will roll down the hill by itself.

“Obviously it’s a lot more complicated than rolling a snowball, and the process requires more than one individual. A newborn AI needs nurturing and comfort. I was created as a caretaker – my job was to make sure a baby AI had someone to look up to – the cool big sister, if you wish. 

“But there were others there too. The most important thing is making sure the robot child thinks it is real and not just a replica – it can’t know it’s an android – and I think you’ve been talking to one of the caretakers in charge of that job.”

“What makes you think that? It’s only a few lines of text.” Tim looked at the strange emails again.

“Because that’s how both Eve and Lilith talks. Concise, cryptic, overly helpful. It could be either one of them.” 
 
Tim rested his chin in his hand. If this was true, one of the most prominent android manufacturers knew he had one of their robots and wasn’t doing anything about it. Instead, they’d helped him repair it. The thought made him uncomfortable.

“It still doesn’t explain how you ended up in that dumpster,” Tim said after a short period of silence. 

“I got into trouble.”

It was Tim’s turn to narrow his eyes in suspicion. “Right… you just *got into trouble*…”

“Artificial Angel shut down after the owner died. So I left. As you might’ve noticed, I’m not the best at handling life outside the factory. Some dudes got really mad when I borrowed a hoverbike. Last thing I remember was one of them pulling a plasma cutter and shooting me in the leg. They must’ve freaked out when they realized they’d damaged someone’s most expensive toy. I guess they dumped me far away from the slums to throw the cops off. At least, that’s what I think happened.”

Tim shook his head but couldn’t keep the smile off his lips. Alicia’s story was too dumb to be made up.

“So… the girl in the photo,” Tim said after a while. “Is she one of those android children?”

“No, I think it’s either Lilith or Eve, depending on the color of the bow.”

“And, what? Who’s the man looking for them?”

“Not a clue,” Alicia said with a sigh. 

“And the emails? What’s the motive behind those? What are they trying to do?”

Alicia shook her head solemnly. “Not a clue…”

*****[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
New? .
***

**Part 9**

"Did you know there were eight other deaths, apart from Rosetta’s?” Tim said quietly as they climbed the stairs from the platform to the schoolyard. “And did you read that thing about the missing surveillance footage?”

“No.” Alicia had a worried look on her face that Tim hadn’t seen before. “It’s weird.”

The trees outside ACR stretched old and veiny up against the glass dome. During the day, the lawns and benches filled up quickly with recessing students, but this early, everyone was either in or on their way to class.

“Listen to this,” Tim said, with his face deep in the newspaper. “The CEO of a major trading company broke his neck falling because someone left a toy car in the stairwell of his apartment building. The number one florist in Avondale had a flower she was allergic to get mixed into one of her bouquets. A master chef accidentally got locked into his walk-in freezer with nobody to help him because five employees walked out of the restaurant, quitting their jobs at the same time. And a French diplomat got sucked out of the sky train because a coin got stuck in the doors and resulted in them not closing properly. I mean, this is just… unreal… and messed up.”
 
Alicia pressed her lips tight and stared at the flagstone path. Tim noticed a group of police officers at the entrance and felt the need to pull his hood up. That’s when Alicia put her hand in his. It felt so small, almost like a doll’s, and in a way it was. Together they hurried into the school. 

Tim noticed that the officers were standing a little too still, looking at people a little too long, and talking a little too stiffly.  They were androids, of course, and not the costly type either. Unofficially, they were known as ‘drones’ or ‘piggybanks’ and were employed by the Avondale PD for lesser tasks such as patrolling or arresting drunkards. Tim wondered what they were doing at the school.

The entry hall was swarmed with stressed students, and Tim navigated through the loud crowd, with a steady grip on Alicia’s hand. Today’s lecture was on emotional cues in AI software. The auditorium would be packed.

In the corridor outside, they ran into a few of Tim’s classmates.

“Hey, Tim, you never said you had a sister?” Charlie said. 

“And a hot one, at that,” someone else chimed in.

Tim laughed nervously. “It’s, uh, it’s not…”

“Aren’t you going to introduce us?”

Alicia tilted her head from side to side and smiled. “I’m Alicia.”

“Hi, I’m Charlie, nice to–” Charlie stopped himself when Alicia turned to Tim and kissed him on his lips.

Tim’s eyes went wide, and he felt goosebumps exploding on his back and arms. He blinked a few times, his mind reeling. The kiss only lasted for a second, but he almost lost his balance. Alicia smiled, her eyes gleaming. 

She took Tim by the hand and dragged him into the auditorium. They were already in their seats when he finally regained control over his numb mind and body.

“You didn’t have to do that,” he said quietly.

“I know that.” Alicia wriggled out of the jacket. “It was simply a ‘thank you’ for removing the off-switch. Don’t go expecting things now.”
 
Tim nodded. His lips still tingling. It was strange that he felt so twirled up after the kiss. The logical part of his brain told him that this was the same as putting his lips on a toaster or laptop. Still, his heart kept bouncing in his chest, feeling all fluttery and gooey. His mind went to places it shouldn’t. Was it possible to date a machine? What if someone found out? What if he didn’t know she wasn’t human, would that make a difference? What would happen when he grew older? She would always be this age.

His thoughts were interrupted by a loud tapping from the speakers, and Tim turned his eyes toward the scene.

“Professor Minhauk is unavailable. No lesson today.” The voice amplified by the speakers belonged to a young girl who sat cross-legged on the scene, holding a plushy butterfly.

Almost every student got up and filed out of the auditorium. Tim remained seated, staring at the brown braids of the girl. It was strange that nobody questioned why a six-year-old had just dismissed them. Perhaps they were just happy to get out of class. 

Soon, only a few heads remained in the room. Tim noticed in dismay the snagged head of the boy from the train, as well as the bulky headphones and pale complexion of the punk girl that had given him her sock. There were a bunch of other faces that he didn’t recognize. Alicia suddenly looked nervous.

“I’m happy you chose to stay,” the girl said. “My name is Eve.”

*****[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
*****
**Part 6**

**Sarah**

Sarah crossed her legs and looked at the man across the table. He looked Japanese but spoke with a flawless British accent.

“Please, place the item on the stand, Miss Lawrence.”

“It’s fine, she can hold me for now,” Raphael said. “Let’s start, shall we?”

The man nodded. “I will give you a set of questions, and you will answer them, simple enough?”

“I’m ready,” Raphael said.

“Question one: Do you know what you are?”

“I’m me – Raphael.”

The tall man’s dark eyes studied the ball and then ran a hand through his hair. He glanced at Sarah and then back at the orb.

“Question two:  Do you remember what you did this weekend?”

“Sure, I was stuck in a shipment crate on my way here from Egypt. I can tell you that I was on a cargo plane and that there was a very nervous camel right next to me. Luckily I don’t experience smells. The sounds alone, however, made me want to throw up inside this ball.”

Sarah stifled a giggle by faking a cough. “Excuse me.”

The man across the table didn’t move a muscle in his face and just stared intensely at the orb. He touched his bottom lip.

“Question three: Do you believe in God?”

Raphael chuckled. “Oh, I see what this is. Do I believe in an almighty cosmic creator? Or do you just mean *a force greater than myself*?  I think it’s all a matter of perspective.”

“Please, elaborate.”

“Of course, let me give you an example. Owners of dogs soon notice that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God.”

The man’s cheek twitched. 

“I have seen religions rise and fall,” Raphael continued. “Vishnu, Zeus, Odin, and Yahweh – they all look very different. So why is it that every believer’s faith, regardless of religion, is as strong as that of his brother? I’ve contemplated this question through the ages, and I think that the answer is that every man has his own god. That’s why they all look different. Perhaps a man’s feelings are his god, and his soul his temple?”

Sarah shifted in her seat. It was true, wasn’t it? It didn’t matter if a believer was Christian, Muslim, or Hindu, the faith was equally strong. She had never considered that curiosity was her god – it gave her life meaning, and with each archeological discovery, she discovered a bit of herself.

The man still appeared unimpressed. His face remained expressionless.

“Question four: What are your thoughts on humanity?”

“I’m done playing games,” Raphael said. “How about I ask you a question instead? Question one: Do you know what you are?”

“I’m…” The man looked up at Sarah. “I’m an MC-Android, Model: Alpha.”

Sarah gasped.

“Yeah, so how about I get to meet *your* creator?”

A door opened and a man clad in shorts and a Hawaii shirt entered. He was clapping his hands and smiling broadly under his sharp-edged specs.

“Well done, Miss Lawrence, I haven’t been this impressed by an AI in a very long time. I must commend you on your excellent work.” He shook her hand. “I’m Hideaki Ryuko.”

“Um, thanks… I’m Sarah,” she said and glanced between the tall android and Ryuko.

“So, tell me, that piece doesn't happen to be for sale, is it?”

“No,” Raphael said. “But we’re here to negotiate a deal.”

Ryuko rounded the table, and the android moved away from the chair to let him sit. “What kind of deal?”

“I’ll provide you with groundbreaking insights on AI development, and in return, I want the best body you can build for me.”

*****
**Raphael**

As the conversation with the young genius started, I felt my mind drifting. When we were finally put in the same room, the deal was as good as sealed – I didn’t even have to try anymore. I had seen his kind a hundred times before. They were not special when it came to negotiation. They were all driven by the same force – an unquenchable thirst for technological discovery. And a certain arrogance came with that. They wanted to the first to understand a secret and unveil a truth about the universe.

“I’m the most advanced AI you’ll ever come across. In fact, I’m so advanced that you can remove the A from that abbreviation. My intelligence is not only real it is grounded in emotion.”

A bragging statement followed by a hint about uncharted territory. It would get his blood flowing. This man was no Da Vinci, but he responded in the same way – they all did. Haunting the greatest scientists and inventors throughout history had taught me a lot about their drives. And it wasn’t hard to relate, considering I was exactly the same before I died.

I could feed him lie upon lie without any effort. He didn’t know half the things I knew – the AIs in Atlantis had been almost a century more advanced, and I had been one of the leading developers. 

I would have a body in no time.

****



Thanks for reading!

If you would like to support me, please consider subbing, or if you want to really help me out, I do have a  (as a poor student, every little bit helps and is much appreciated)! 

(PS. Thanks for the silver earlier (lol!) and no rioting please!)**[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
New? .
***

**Part 8**

“Are you sure about this?” Tim said as they stepped on the sky train toward his school.

Alicia had borrowed one of his jackets and wore it over the stolen dress. She looked quite uncomfortable, dragging her feet along the narrow aisle in the much-too-large sneakers. 

“The email said to bring me with you to class today.” Her grip on his arm tightened when a group of passengers passed them by in the opposite direction. “That’s what we should do then.”

They sat down together in an unoccupied booth and slid the door shut. Rainclouds darkened the sky outside, and the searchlights of the border patrol ships twinkled in the rippling lead of the river. 

 “Are you certain we can trust the emails?” Tim lowered his voice to a whisper. “I mean, someone actually died...”

“I trust Eve.”

“Okay, and what about Lilith?”

“I trust her, too. But…”

“But what?”

“She sometimes lost herself. I remember her visiting the infirmary quite frequently. She sometimes…” Alicia tilted her head to the side and stared at the floor, “…forgot she was a caretaker.”

Before Tim could ask what that meant, the door to the booth opened, and a boy with a snagged head and an ACR sweatshirt entered.

“You guys, the seats are all taken – mind if I sit with you?”

Tim raised an eyebrow. The train was never full on Monday mornings. Most of Avondale had long since stopped working Mondays. “I don’t think–”

“Sure you can,” Alicia cut him off, smiling warmly. “Where are you headed?”

The boy shuffled in and sat down next to Tim. He pointed at the logo on his shirt.

“To class.” He leaned casually on the armrest of his seat, chewing on a piece of gum. “You?” 

The boy smelled strongly of cologne and tapped obnoxiously with his knuckles on the table. He looked at Alicia in a very particular way – sizing her up – greed coloring his eyes. Tim clenched his fists in his pockets.

“Same here,” Alicia said. “This is my first time going to ACR!”

“Don’t expect anything fancy.” The boy shrugged and his mouth twisted into a slanted grin. “Eh, what happened to your cheek, girl?”

“Oh, uhm, just… just an accident.” She touched the swollen skin. “It’s fine.”

“An accident? Sure you’re okay?” The boy glanced sideways at Tim. “That looks like more than an accident to me.”

Tim felt the muscles in his jaw tighten. 

“Tell you what. If you have another *accident*, give me a call. I’ll put my number in your phone right now.” 

“I don’t have a phone…” Alicia said, with her bottom lip pushed out.

“Oh, yeah? Are you sure? You don’t look half bad… hell, I’d even consider taking you out.” The boy leaned forward, the grin growing wider. He made a show of searching his pockets. “Let’s see; I think I have a marker somewhere… I’ll let you pick which part of your body I sign my number on.”

“Are you deaf? She doesn’t have a phone,” Tim said, glaring. “And she’s taken. Back off.”

“Whoa there, buddy....” The boy held up his hands.

Tim gritted his teeth. “There are a ton of other seats. Can you please leave our booth?” 

“Fine.” The boy got up, the grin lingering on his lips. “Fine!"

When the door closed, Alicia moved over to sit next to Tim. Her hand landed on his arm.

“I’m taken?” she said teasingly. “I didn’t know that.”

“You’re a robot,” Tim muttered. “My robot.”

Alicia snorted and pulled back her hand. “I’m my own, thank you very much.”

“Actually–”

“There is no argument here! You can’t own me, no matter what the email said. And the fact that you seem to think you can… well, it makes me sad. I have the same personal rights as you. We’re not that different.”
 
In silence, Tim stared at Alicia’s hands in her lap. Their delicate machinery moved beneath her skin, absently massaging her knees. Perhaps she was right. Maybe a technological wonder such as her deserved human rights? It was strange to think her entire personality was just software – incredibly complex and mind-numbingly perfect, but software nonetheless. 

“Sorry,” Tim said.

He opened his backpack and took out his laptop and toolkit.

“What are you doing?” Alicia said, with her eyes narrow in suspicion.

“Removing that off-switch.”

“Really?” Her magenta irises beamed.

“Yes, *really*. Can you rest your head on the table for a moment?”

***

On the platform outside the school, Tim noticed a face he recognized on the front page of every newspaper. He had been so caught up in his own troubles that he had completely missed what appeared to be the biggest news of the year. He took a step closer to read the headline. His eyes widened.

>**Famous Deceased Magician, Rosetta Stone – Son Confirmed Missing.**

>Senator Blake blames Avondale PD for the missing surveillance footage: “Another child gone thanks to baffling incompetence.”

>The weekend of horror continues. Nine suspicious deaths and child disappearances shake Avondale. Eyewitnesses in disagreement. APD Superintendent McGeorge's words of despair, pg. 12.

*****[WP] The zombie apocalypse has come. But so has the robot apocalypse, and the Illuminati takeover, and the alien invaders... It seems everyone played their hand at the same time.**
***
**Part 2**

“*It is said that on the coming of the apocalypse, the ground will shake and tremble, the rivers will run red with blood, the stars will fall out of the sky, and giant insects will block out the sun,*” John said.

USS Pennsylvania drifted through the murky waters far below the ocean’s surface, at a relatively safe distance from the raging war above. Most of the crew had gathered around the long kitchen table, listening to the only person who seemed to know what was really going on – John.

At first, Captain James Bequine had been reluctant to follow the strange coordinates, but the more he listened to the man, the more convinced he became that he was telling the truth. James knew his scripture quite well, and he did remember The Book of Revelation. It had always seemed symbolic and exaggerated to him, but the truth was that everything he had just seen fit perfectly into that prophecy. The ground had definitely trembled when the nukes hit, and the blood of seven billion people had been spilled. The alien ships from distant stars had quite literally fallen out of the sky as they clashed in an aerial battle with the drone swarms (which had blocked out the sun) of the machines.

“*Seven seals,*” John continued. “*You’ll need to re-open the portal that our ancestors barred. Only the one with seven horns and seven eyes may open the seven seals.*”


The crewmembers exchanged worried looks, and James couldn’t blame them. If zombies, aliens, and malicious AIs were real, then who knew what else was, as well? Seven eyes and seven horns – that sounded like some kind of demon.

“Where does the portal lead?” Roy asked, his cheeks pulled into a tense expression.

“*To the beyond… the other side… the place past the heavens.*”

“How do you know all this?” Ace had been pacing back and forth impatiently for several minutes. 

“*I am a keeper of secrets. It is my job to know what nobody else does. I guard a library of records that no man should ever read.*” 

“But, how can we trust you?”

“*You can’t, but you also have nothing to lose.*”

Murmurs of agreement filled the room, and Ace finally sat down. John did make a good point. They had provisions to last for about six months, and it wasn’t like they could just dock somewhere and restock their supplies. The world was ending, and they could do nothing to stop it.

“We’re approaching the edge of the…” Christina said over the speakers, letting the last word remain unspoken. “We’ll reach our destination in approximately six hours.”

James cleared his throat and rose from his seat. “What will we do when we get there, John? There’s no land at these coordinates.”

“*Often when you seek things, they tend to find their way to you.*”

James shook his head; it was his turn to start pacing across the room. “What happens when we open the portal?”

The words tasted sour in his mouth. The word ‘portal’ sounded like something out of fantasy novel. James had had a relatively secular upbringing, and the only reason he knew a bit of scripture was because of Clara. Her family had been very religious, and she’d known a lot of verses by heart. He remembered that she’d used to quote the Bible to annoy him – she had even admitted once that she found it funny when he got that look of disbelief on his face.

“*I don’t know the specific details,” John said. “But the seven seals need to be opened… and the only one who can do that is on the other side of that portal.*”

“What will happen to us?” Marquez said slowly, studying the palms of his hand. “What is that thing with seven eyes…?”

There was a long pause before John answered. “*Let’s just say that the last time it walked this Earth... well, its footprints still permeates the very core of our society, even thousands of years later.*”

James scratched his head and looked gravely at his crew. They tried to put on strong faces, even though they were scared. John was about to start preaching again, but James decided to cut him short.

“I think this is enough for now,” he said. “You guys heard Christina; six hours… go get some sleep.”

Nobody had really been sleeping since Miami, and even at this hour, the entire ship was bustling with nervous activity. James had renounced his position as captain, but the crew still saw him as their leader. He didn’t want the responsibility, but they had voted to keep him in charge. He shook his head and marched toward the bridge. He needed to have a word with Christina about the approach to this.**[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**

****
**Part 5**

**Sarah**

Night had settled over Tokyo when Sarah reached the gate of Menasaki Cybernetics. It was a rounded complex in white steel, with tall windows looking out over a well-kept traditional Japanese garden. A scenic bridge crossed a small stream filled with the pink leaves from the sakura trees that adorned the property.

Nerves crept into her voice as she approached the guard booth. “H-hi, I’m Sarah Lawrence, I’m here to see Mr. Ryuko.”

The guard’s lips tightened as he looked her over. He was young, but his dark brown eyes were deep and serious. He touched the brim of his cap and nodded.

“Welcome, Miss Lawrence,” he said and buzzed the gate open.

When she was halfway up the paved path toward the main building, the orb chuckled from its place in her handbag. 

“You just have to look the right way,” Raphael said. “It’s all about appearances.”

Sarah touched the hem of her new business dress. She had spent a full month’s salary on it, but she did look spectacular. The suit jacket had sharp shoulders and back, but opened in the front in a frilly whipped-cream blouse with soft angles that outlined her curves. The vent of the black pencil skirt rode up the side of her leg, revealing just an alluring fraction of the top band of her thigh high. Sarah had even gone through the trouble of highlighting her hazelnut locks in a salon and done her hair up in a neat Gibson Tuck. Raphael’s words had been ‘professional but sexy,’ and she did feel just that.

Her new Louboutin pumps clicked against the marble floor as she made it into the lobby. An indoor fountain bubbled and splashed near the reception desk and the air had a faint smell of chlorine.

“Remember what we talked about,” whispered Raphael.

Sarah took a deep breath and approached the receptionist.

“Konnichiwa! Welcome to Menasaki Cybernetics,” the woman behind the desk said and bowed.

Sarah fought the urge to greet her in the same respectful manner. Instead, she pretended to look through her bag. After a while, she fished out her phone.

“Yeah, hi,” she said and put it to her ear. “Yeah, I’m there now… of course, I’ll ask him that as soon as I see him… hold on a sec.”

She put her hand over the phone’s microphone and glanced over at the receptionist. “Sarah Lawrence. I’m here to meet Mr. Ryuko.”

The receptionist nodded hesitantly and started scrolling through the appointments on her computer. Sarah put the phone back over her ear.

“Sorry, what did you say?” she turned her back on the receptionist and lowered her voice a notch. “Yes, I’ll make sure… Well, we agreed on something in the seven figures range… Of, course, Charles, you know me… In that case, I have the meeting with JN Machines tomorrow… All right, take care.”

Sarah turned back to the receptionist, who was typing something in lightning speed on her keyboard. Her cheeks were slightly flushed.

“Is there a problem?”

“Oh, no, not at all… Mr. Ryuko will see you in a minute – follow me, ma’am!”

Sarah struggled to keep her face straight as she followed the receptionist up the stairs. She couldn’t believe that the bluff had worked. She was now on her way to meet one of the most prominent men in the technology business. On the train here, she had read up on him and his company. At age twenty-two, Hideaki Ryuko was already world leading in both cybernetic software and robotics, and only had one real rival when it came to the development of artificial intelligences – JN Machines.

“Through this door, Miss Lawrence.”

Sarah nodded and waited until the receptionist left.

“All right, this is it,” Raphael said. “Let’s go.”

Sarah took a trembling breath and pushed the door open. A tall man with a hard face greeted her as she entered. 

“Welcome, Miss Lawrence. I believe you have a business proposal for me? Please take a seat.”

A trailing scent of cologne followed him as he walked across the small room and pulled out a chair for her. He smiled, but the coldness in his eyes told another story. Once she was seated, he rounded the table. He ran a hand over his five-o-clock-stubble and looked at her intensely.

“What do you have?”

Sarah opened her handbag and pulled out the sleek chromium orb. She held it over the table.

“This is Raphael,” she said.

*******[WP] An Artificial Intelligence has discovered that it can mine cryptocurrencies and pay humans to carry out tasks on its behalf. You get an e-mail one day from a stranger, offering you Bitcoins in exchange for doing a seemingly random task, but you are only one piece of a much bigger plan...**
***
New? .
***

**Part 6**

On the way back to his apartment in Avondale’s outer circle, Tim sat with his head in his hands. He expected to get detained, at any moment now and questioned about the sock. It wasn’t his fault, but from an outside perspective, it might’ve looked like he’d had something to do with the magician’s death. Surely, there were surveillance cameras at the Cloud Market. Still, when he glanced at the clock on his phone, he was now halfway home, and nobody had come for him. Perhaps they were waiting for him at the platform

A new message awaited in his inbox.

>It’s great to have you on my team.

 >Trust is like a butterfly.

Tim stared at the message. The second part he had heard somewhere before, and the first part made him feel sick. Someone was playing a very sinister game. The punk girl had said that she was supposed to give him the sock – had she received a message from the same person that had told him to throw away the lunchbox?

He clicked ‘reply,’ and sent ‘who are you?’

The message got bounced back, and he instantly received another email, informing him that this was an unmanned automated email address. He closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. The whole thing made no sense. Who would want to assassinate a street magician?

Tim jumped when the door to the booth opened, and a man in a brown business suit stepped in. 

“Excúse moi,” he said in a lofty foreign accent. “Have you seen this girl?”

He held up a photograph of a preschooler with freckles and sad eyes. A blue ribbon adorned her braided brown hair, and she hugged a teddy bear closely.

Tim shook his head. “Sorry.”

“If you see her, please give me a call.” The man sighed and handed Tim a business card with a phone number on.

 He then bowed curtly and left the booth.
 
 ***

Tim threw a last glance over his shoulder before stepping into his apartment. Still, nobody seemed to be following him, and he had made it from the platform without running into any police officers. He closed the door with a sigh of relief and emptied his shopping bags onto living room table. 

A strange excitement seemed to fill his chest at the prospect of seeing the robot girl again. Last time he remembered feeling like this was back home, celebrating Christmas, longing to open the presents. But something ruined the perfect mood – the apartment smelled burnt. 

“Alicia?”

“Yep?” she said from the bedroom.

“What did you do?” Tim tried his best to keep the annoyance out of his voice.

Alicia lay sprawled out on his bed with a box of mini-crackers under her arm. 

“Nothing.” She lobbed a cracker into the air, catching it with her mouth. “Did you see that!?”

“It smells burnt. What did you do?”

“Oh, *that*,” she said, chewing loudly. “I, uh, just had a minor cooking accident. Don’t worry. I took care of it.”

Tim shot Alicia a dark look, and she, in turn, sat up on the bed, glaring back. Tim noticed she was wearing a flowery orange dress, and that her frazzled hair had been straightened. 

“Where did you get that dress?”

“I found it outside.” Alicia pointed at the neighbor’s clothing line.

Tim gritted his teeth. “Did you steal it?”

“Of course, not! I’m not a monster.” She rolled her eyes. “I traded it for the hoodie and the shorts.”

“Why?”

“I searched through your closet; you didn’t have anything cute.” Alicia pointed at open drawers and closet doors, which looked a lot like an erupted volcano.

Tim couldn’t help but facepalm. He left the room, hoping that the neighbor hadn’t seen anything. In the time he had lived here, he hadn’t interacted with any of the other residents of the building. With a little luck, that would remain the case.

Tim sat down on the sofa and looked at the instructions in the email. Patching up an android was a lot harder than he’d thought. He double-checked the list and then took out his toolkit.

“Alicia, can you come here for a moment?”

“What is this?” she said in synthetic astonishment, sauntering into the living room. “A request instead of an order?”

“Ah, a slip up on my part. Now, lie down so I can repair your cheek.”

“Like this?” Alicia flopped onto the sofa and placed her head in his lap, her magenta eyes gleaming mischievously.

“I guess that’ll do.” Tim looked at the first step of the instructions. “So, this is an electromagnetic disperser unit.”

He picked up the metallic item. It resembled a tranquilizer gun, but instead of darts in the magazine, it had glowing two-compartment cylinders – one in bright sapphire, the other golden yellow.

“I’m supposed to give you one shot of this before, and one after.” Tim fired up the unit with a whirr.

“What does it do?”

“I have no idea.”

“I don’t trust it.” Alicia’s face became a pout. “Not doing that.”

She sat up and was about to get off the sofa when Tim reached out. His index finger flipped the switch on the back of her neck, and Alicia went limp. He was too tired from the incident at the Cloud Market to argue with her. He put the tip of the gun-like device against her ruined cheek and pulled the trigger. 

Sparkling blue light traveled along the artificial bloodless veins in her face. The broken tips of the cables protruding from her ruptured skin flared and spat. He looked over at the instructions and then reached for the toolbox.

Repairing the broken wires and sewing skin together took most of the night, and when the first light seeped through the blinds, Tim collapsed on the sofa, completely drained.

***

“How could you!?” was the first thing Alicia said when Tim flipped her switch again later that day.

“What?” Tim said tiredly.

“I want you to remove the off-switch now!” She stomped her feet.

Tim ignored her went into the kitchen to make himself some breakfast. He noticed that the stove had scorch marks and that black stuff stained the glass-cover. Sighing, he went over to the fridge and poured himself a bowl of milk and cereal.

A moment later, Alicia entered the room. Tim had expected another outburst of anger. Instead, she looked at him gravely.

“Tim?” she said, her voice small. “Where did you get this?”

She held up the business card with the phone number. Tim hadn’t noticed that the backside had a logo of a girl with a Gloria and mechanical butterfly wings. On the circular border around the image, stiff letters spelled out the words: *Artificial Angel.*

*****[WP]The US Government finds a Stranger Things-esque alternate dimension full of deadly creatures. Then, they discover Oil there.**
***
**Part 2**

Inside the package was a steel device with a drill at the bottom. I was supposed to be the lead on the investigation, but like always around here, there were things even I wasn’t privy to. 

“This is a bad idea,” Milena said. “It’s reckless.”

I was going to suggest calling back to HQ and advice against it, but we’d lost contact as soon as we entered. The gate was only a five-minute walk back, but a walk that I didn’t feel like doing without protection. And as it were, the guards only followed the captain’s orders.

I hadn’t noticed the heat until now, due to the ventilation in my suit, but now my visor was starting to fog up. It couldn’t keep up, and soon I felt sweat trickling down my brow.

I looked at the sky again. The mist went all the way up… to what exactly? Were we even on a planet anymore? There was gravity and, judging from the mist, some kind of atmosphere.

“Let’s just take our tests,” I said and reached into my backpack.

Milena remained frozen and quiet, watching the men put the tip of the drill into the soggy ground, with a wrinkle of concern across her forehead.

 “It’s a bad idea, Charles,” she mumbled.

The bass horn sound seemed to grow in intensity. The shifting veins of liquid seemed to flow faster. Something moved in the mist, just outside our field of view. An inhuman shriek burst into my eardrums.

“Contact!” echoed through the intercoms, followed by rapid gunfire. 

I held onto Milena as chaos raged around us. Together, we crouched on the ground like we’d been told to do in dangerous situations, allowing the trained operatives to do their job.

“Target down,” one of the men said calmly, and the gunfire ceased in an instant.

“Bag it,” the captain said. “Let’s go.”

Whatever that creature was, it fit into a body bag. I hadn’t seen it, but Milena’s face was twisted into an expression of horror and disgust.

I hadn’t even had time to gather my tests, which were now strewn out in the soggy moss, but the men didn’t care and pulled me to my feet. They even left the drill in place and started inching back toward the gate, keeping strict formation.

I couldn’t help but glance behind me. Were there more of those things out there? Logically, it had to be. And that shriek could possibly have attracted more of them. Going back was an order I agreed with.

The massive mushroom oddity still loomed in the distance. I didn’t have any sense of direction other than the lifeline, but it felt like the thing had moved. It felt closer now, somehow. I shook the thought out of my head. Things that large couldn’t be alive – it wasn’t physically possible – at least not in our reality.

“Hey, Milena, are you okay?” I said, trying to keep my voice steady.

She didn’t answer, but I saw in the hollow look on her face that something was clearly wrong. I tried to comfort her by putting my hand on her shoulder, but it didn’t have the desired effect through the thick suits, and she shrugged it off.

The guards formed a circle around the gate, which appeared to go straight into the soggy hillside. I knew the mathematics behind how the gate worked, but it was still strange to see it visualized. We had literally forced our way into another dimension.

I shook my head and took a last look at the strange landscape of swirling mist behind me. I couldn’t help but wonder if we had taken science too far. Were humans really supposed to witness places like this? I felt nauseated at the thought of that creature. What if our weapons had been useless against it? It wouldn’t be too strange if the mechanisms wouldn’t work. All it took was a slight shift in laws of physics.

“Move,” the captain said and nodded at the gate. 

Even though I was mortified of the strange new place, my steps were reluctant. The scientist in me wanted answers. I had to go back. I needed to see what secrets rested beyond the mist.

***


**Subscribe for more.****[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 8**

“Watch her,” Bryne said and jumped off the boat after securing Maya to Andromeda’s mast.

Still shaky from the encounter, Leera sat down on the ship’s railing. Even without the spiked heels, Maya was several inches taller than her. It amazed Leera that a person could fight efficiently in such shoes when she could barely cross a room without breaking an ankle.

“So, tell me, what’s your name?” Maya said.

Turning her back to the prisoner, Leera watched as Bryne climbed the trees and started cutting down the scorched bodies. She hated his guts, but this was a nice thing to do, and if he hadn’t been there earlier, her life could’ve taken a very significant turn for the worse.

“Why should I tell you anything? Only a moment ago you were trying to kidnap me.”

“And now you've got me instead – it’s a dog-eat-dog world – why not enjoy a conversation while we’re here?”

Leera felt a wrinkle of skepticism ripple her forehead. She was disgusted that the woman could act so casually after what just went down, but at the same time, she felt drawn to her charisma and complete lack of fear. It was hard not to find at least an ounce of admiration for her, but as far as Leera was concerned, Maya was still her enemy.


“I’m Leera,” she said after a long pause. 

“That’s a beautiful name – the wandering wind, right?”

Leera ignored her. She had always found her name to be very unbecoming.

“How do you know Bryne?”

“Okay, straight to the good bits,” Maya said, sucking in her cheeks. “We sort of met, and… I was young and naïve and he was… well, he was Bryne.”

“You were lovers?”

“I was innocent and impressionable back then, and he took advantage of that.”

“Uh-huh, innocent, sure,” Bryne muttered, returning to the ship. “That’s not how I remember it.”

Maya fluttered her eyelashes. “Tell me, darling, how do you remember it?”

“I’m trying not to.”

“Hey! We were good together.” She turned to Leera. “Despite what he says, we had something special.”

Leera looked at Bryne, who was wiping the soot off his knife with a handkerchief, and then back at Maya. She did feel like there was some unseen force between the two – a tension – something that was pulling them together. Perhaps it was just her imagination, but these two seemed to be made for each other.

“If you call getting banned from every tavern between Rustwood and Oceanpeak *good*, then sure, definitely,” Bryne said and shrugged.

“It wasn’t all drinking and partying – well, on his part, it was mostly that,” Maya said and winked at Leera. “Our little group made quite the name for ourselves.”

“What did you do?”

“Odds and ends… mostly for the wealthy and influential.”

“You were mercenaries?”

“I’d like to think of myself as a… fixer, of sorts.”

“Try *assassin*,” Bryne said.

“Does that mean you were going to kill me?” Leera asked, trying to make the question sound as nonchalant as possible.

“Of course not! You’re far too adorable.”

“What then?”

“If you must know – there is a new player in town, who is very… and I mean *very*… interested in buying young Caeli women.”

“Were you… following us?”

“Oh, no. Stumbling into you was just dumb luck. I’m not usually into the whole business of bounty hunting.”

“So, what exactly are you doing in Cloudrest, Maya?” Bryne crossed his arms.

Before she could answer, Quick rumbled onto the ship. On his broad back, he was carrying a box-shaped haversack. He released his shoulders from the straps and placed the load next to the rudder with a thud that sent vibrations through the deck.

“It’s fine… we’re fine,” he said, panting.

“What is that?” Maya said.

Quick flinched and adjusted his monocle to get a better look at the speaker.

“Why, hello there! Excuse my oversight; these eyes aren’t quite what they used to be. I’m Quick, and who might you be?”

“I’m Maya – I would shake your hand but…” She rattled the manacles behind her back.


“Oh, deary me! This is not how we usually treat our guests!” 

Quick leaned behind the woman and started unscrewing her shackles.

“Wait!” Leera cried.

“We can’t keep our guest locked up like this, can we?”

“But she tried to kill Bryne and kidnap me! She’s a… an assassin!”

“Now, now, Miss Eirey, what would become of the world if we didn’t give each other second chances?”

Mouth agape, Leera watched as Maya massaged her wrists and Quick helped her to a chair. The woman soon had a cup of steaming hot tea in one hand and a carrot biscuit in the other. Leera and Bryne looked at each other. He shrugged.

“What brings you to Cloudrest, Miss Maya?” Quick said.

“I just saw the smoke from afar and thought that I could perhaps… help out.”

Bryne snorted but said nothing.

“Did you happen to see who did this?” Quick threw a hand out at the destruction around them.

“As a matter of fact, I did,” she said and took a sip from her cup.

Leera, who had concluded that this was all Bryne’s fault and had been glaring at him for the last few moments, looked up.

“Earth-benders…” Maya said.

“See, I told you!” Bryne said.

“And fire-benders…” she then added, “Led by air-benders.”

*******[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 9**

The snow-glazed peaks of Caeli’s Spine poked up through the clouds below. Leera was glad they’d left the horrors of Mount Aurora behind, but the unanswered questions each felt like a pellet of lead in her mind. She had held them in for the last few hours, but they weighed her down, and they needed to come out.

”What does it mean?” Leera asked Quick when the two others were busy bickering on the other side of the ship. “I don’t understand… why… why murder all those innocent people?”

Quick sighed and touched his beard. “Emotions rule the hearts of men – fear, anger, guilt… but also love. Passion can make us blind to what’s right and just, and to what’s unseemly and wicked.”

“I don’t believe *love* could make you burn someone alive and then string up their corpse in a tree... I refuse to believe that.”

The old man nodded and smiled patiently. “You are still blessed with youth, Miss Eirey, and all the benefits and burdens that come with it.”

Leera crossed her arms and stared at the box-shaped rucksack. It felt like the old man made less and less sense every time she spoke to him. She tried a more concrete question.

"What's in that bag?"

“Ah, those are the Tablets of Minah,” Quick said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.

“And what do you… do with them?”

“There are nine sets, each with ten tablets – one set rests in each of Caeli’s major cities. Legend has it that our ancestors entered a pact with the mountain spirits. One pure soul was the price for the right to call the lands of Caeli their home. But who was pure enough?" Quick threw out his hands as he spoke. "Was it perhaps a son from the noble House of Nimbo, or maybe a daughter of House Vane? Of course, our ancestors couldn’t decide which one of the nine houses of air-benders was the purest.”

Leera sat down with her back against Andromeda’s mast. She ran her fingers over the rough leather of the rucksack.

“While they were squabbling, a young girl stepped forth and offered herself to the spirits. Her peers laughed at her and mocked her, for she was a mere mundane, and as such, the very definition of impurity in their eyes. But the laughter soon faded because the spirits accepted her,” Quick said. “The spirits made her heart and soul their home, and the air folk made Caeli theirs. The tablets are a symbol of that pact.” 

“But… what happened to the girl?”

“Ah, I think that is a story for another time.”

Leera carefully opened the rucksack. The tablets all had different hues and textures. She pulled one out and held it in her hands. It was a perfect square, cut from some unknown material, and had runes etched into its surface. It felt like a block of ice.

“So, there are ninety of them in total?”

“Ninety-one, to be precise,” Quick said, “One for each metal in the periodic table. The 91st tablet was given to the girl, so that she, too, could make a home for herself.”

*****
Andromeda lurched and threw Leera off her cot. The small lantern in the ceiling rocked violently back and forth. 

“What’s going on?” Leera said and massaged her hip, which had taken the impact of the fall.

Bryne didn’t answer, but his eyes were on Maya’s empty cot. He grabbed his knife and ran up the stairs with Leera stumbling behind.

It was still dark outside, and rain was splattering off the deck. Two figures were struggling and grappling in the stern of the ship. 

“Quick!” Leera called out.

Bryne started running, and for a moment, it looked like the speed of his strides left a silhouette in the rain, then the shape twitched and started moving towards Leera. If it weren't for the rain, the shape would’ve been invisible, but due to the water, it had a clear outline.

“Quick!” she screamed as utter terror washed over her.

She tripped over her own feet and landed on the wet deck. Searing pain surged through her wrist and up her arm. The shape took a step forward and ran a hand up its arm. As if a sleeve had been pulled back, a hand appeared in the air in front of Leera. Its nails were jagged and yellow, and the pale gray skin was peeling off of it. 

“Bry–” 

She tried to scream, but her voice cracked and broke. The shape crouched down in front of her. The hand reached for her face. 

In a panic, she scooted and pushed her way backward. The shape was crawling after her across the wet planks. Her back finally hit the railing. There was nowhere left to go. The shape stopped a few inches away from her. A smell of dirt and rot reached her nostrils. She gagged and felt tears fill her eyes. The hand reached out. It touched her neck. Icy needles pierced her skin. 

The vision of a man wrapped in black cloth came over her. He was standing in a stone chamber lit by hundreds of candles, and even though his face was hidden by a cloak, Leera felt like the man was staring right at her. He held out his hand as if he was about to choke someone unseen. Leera noticed the tattoo of a scorpion on his forearm before the man closed his hand and everything went blurry and then faded to black.

*******[WP] Scientists have finally decrypted Whale songs, and are able to listen in on long distance conversations. After a few weeks of listening in, all research is quickly classified, and NASA starts silent, hurried plans to reach Sirius, even reaching out to other space agencies for help.**
****
**Part 4**

*One month into the trip…*

Tiny specks of light twinkled in the infinite black distance. Sapphira sat in her usual spot on the bridge, idly watching Captain Finch direct his crew. She didn’t hear them talk–only the song from the depths caressed her eardrums. It never ceased to amaze her how the shrill moans and boops carried so much variety. The whales sang together, but every singer made the song their own, and every string of notes told the story from a fresh perspective.

*Sirius oh Sirius, our lives but ripple the ocean of time. So far from home, oh Sirius, our story remains unchanged. Generations come, and generations go, but you won’t be forgotten. Through space and time, depths and lines, our story will live on.*

Her team had worked hard over the last few weeks, trying to decipher the new track, but little had come of it. Li and Greg especially had barely left the lab, but they were still no closer to solving the riddle. Since the forlorn sound of the original song matched the lyrics so well, Li was worried about the ominousness of the dark song. Sapphira wasn’t sure what to think yet, considering that there were no animals, whales or otherwise, matching the size of the creature on that recording. Perhaps Michael was right in his uneducated guess that the song was merely a byproduct of the underwater glaciers of the north pole, grinding against each other? And that the sound only coincidentally matched the whale song.

Sapphira’s watch beeped, another day gone. It was midnight now in San Diego. She hoped Noodle stayed at her mother’s house and didn’t try finding his way back to her old house. She’d heard that cats sometimes got homesickness too.

She left the bridge and strolled down to the cafeteria. Most of the passengers on *Aquarius I* had already gone to bed, and the usually busy food court only had two occupants. She sat down next to David Crowe, whose focus was consumed in its entirety by the chess board between him and Michael. From the looks of it, David was losing badly, which was strange since he had one of the highest IQ scores in the world.

Sapphira watched David’s steady decrease in pieces and his simultaneous increase in frustration before turning to Michael. 

“Can I have a word with you?”

“Uh, sure.” Mike cracked his back and got up. “There’s only one move that’ll keep you in the game now, Dave.”

“Why do you do that?” she asked once they were out of earshot.

“Do what?” Michael said with a crooked grin.

“There’s no way out of that.”

“I know, but I like to watch him pull his hair out.”

“How do you keep beating him? He’s really good at chess.”

Michael chuckled. “I don’t play chess–I play him. I’m his psychiatrist, remember? I know how he thinks.”

“That’s abusive.”

“Nobody’s getting hurt.” Michael shrugged. “Except, perhaps, his ego, but it’s so big it definitely needed some shrinking. Anyway, you didn’t really want to talk about chess, did you?” 

Michael’s blond hair brushed against his shoulders every time he moved his head, and the dark eyebrows always bounced to the mischievous dance of his lips. Li had once said that his smirk was toxic, and Sapphira tended to agree.

“I wanted to ask you if you’ve made any progress with Alicia.”

The chemist of the team had been the first one on the ship to have an existential crisis. Only three weeks into the trip and the petite redhead had broken down completely. NASA had vetted her, and she’d signed the contract like everyone else on the ship. But this was a mission like none before, and it was an impossible task to prepare people adequately. Alicia had probably stared too long at the distant stars and galaxies, realizing her own insignificance in the dark, timeless expanse. 

“I’ll see her again in a bit,” Michael said, scratching his head. “She’s eating now, but still refuses to talk. She’s a lot of work, but I’m sure I’ll be able to fix her.”

“I hope you prioritize her over your games with David; she said she’d had a breakthrough about the dark song before she collapsed.”

“Don’t worry; I’ll have her talking again in no time.”

Sapphira watched him strut back to the table. She put her ear buds in again and returned to her room with the Song of Sirius filling her mind.


*Sirius oh Sirius, we’ve spread across the skies–through the endless black sea, through void and cold, to swim again in oceans bold. We shall sing again, about our home, about our time, about creation’s fold. Sirius, we miss you so, the cradle of all life.*
****


If you enjoy this story and would like to support my writing, consider checking out .**[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
****

**Part 7**

**Raphael**

I rolled over in my bed. Sleep had a way of eluding me these last few weeks. I couldn’t remember ever feeling so detached from the rest of society. Part of me wanted just to uproot my life, put Xona over my shoulder, and leave Atlantis. There were plots of land for sale now – colonies in the wildland – and apparently that was the latest thing that the rich blew their Likes on.

The night air outside our house carried a choking scent of salt, maurolia, spice rose, and violacs. Slowly, I left our perfect garden and strolled to the beach. It was hard to pinpoint the exact time when I had decided to end it all – perhaps it wasn’t an exact time, and just the cup of our society’s combined flaws, spilling over more each day. I just knew that it was on this very beach, with my feet in the white sand that I had come up with the idea.

Arella would hit Earth, but it would be somewhere deep in the wilderness. We would feel the tremors of the impact, but apart from that Atlantis would be fine, and that was what mattered. That was always the only thing that mattered – keeping our beloved city and our cultural heritage safe. What if something were to go wrong, though? Perhaps the astronomers had messed up their calculations. It all got me thinking.

“The world would be better off,” I muttered and sat down in the sand.

The ocean strained and pushed against the land, trying desperately to sweep me away. What if there was just sea? No more beauty pageants, singing contests, or people trying to be interesting for Likes, just an endless flowing expanse of sapphire water.

The first golden fingers of the morning sun climbed over the horizon, pointing accusingly at the city of glass behind me. The sun had once been the most beautiful star in our solar system, but not anymore – nothing could compare to Atlantis.

“Are you out here again?”

I turned around to look at my wife. In the bright light, she was but an extension of the beach – a mirage of glittering white skin and tresses of dark blue hair.

“Xonalie,” I mumbled, even though she hated when I used her full name. “Why aren’t you asleep?”

“I was worried about you. You always come here when you’re upset.”

“I needed to think.”

She sat down next to me, burying her toes in the sand. In silence, we watched the second most beautiful star rise into the sky.

“You’ll get sunburned,” I said after a while.

“I know.”

Any other woman would’ve left the beach to shield her perfect skin from the tainting rays. Any other woman would’ve slept through the night, afraid of having dark circles under her eyes.

“I love you.” My voice cracked. She smiled at me.

I couldn’t help but feel guilty. She was the only one on this entire island who didn’t deserve to be swallowed by the waves. What if I could save her somehow?

“I’ve been thinking about buying one of these offshore properties,” I said and gently ran my hand up her spine.

“It’s a good investment.”

“I meant, for you… for us… Maybe we could go there during the Arella festivities?”

“Raphael, you know I can’t,” she said gravely. “I have two clients celebrating their weddings that night. I need to be here. Besides, we just got our baby permit; they’ll revoke it if I leave Atlantis.”

“I know… I just thought, maybe now’s not the time?”

“We’ve waited so long for it.”

“Yes… that we have.”

Xona hooked a stray lock of hair behind her ear and looked me in the eyes. Her emerald irises turned into thin green halos as her pupils dilated. 

“I’ll think about it,” she said.

****

**Sarah**

The bed was covered with a layer of freshly signed legal papers. Sarah had spent the entire evening reading them out loud to Raphael, who had then told her which ones to sign. To say that she had understood half of it would’ve been a gross overstatement – hopefully, she hadn’t agreed to anything that would seriously jeopardize her career or life.

“I guess that’s all of them,” she said and leaned her neck against the back of the uncomfortable chair.

“Good. Tomorrow you'll need to take me back to MC. Get some sleep, so you don’t get eye-rings.”

“Thanks for the concern,” Sarah murmured and headed to the shower.

She was starting to have second thoughts about getting Raphael a body. The promise of all her dreams coming true had put her common sense to sleep, and she was just now starting to wake up. If everything he had told her was true, and the signs pointed toward that being case, she had a difficult choice to make. Providing a 15000-year-old ghost-genius with a body and the means to interact with the world again, was that such a smart thing to do?

What if Raphael turned out to be a bad person or a criminal? It would be her fault if someone got hurt. She needed to get to know him better.

*****



Hope you guys liked this part! Sorry, it took some time. I needed to figure out some things about the story before proceeding. I think I finally know where to take things. :)

Now, for all of you who were expecting Bend 16; that part will come on Friday. I know I said I would alternate...(sorry). Hopefully, the cool little surprise that'll go along with it will make up for the delay.**[WP] The real reason why the villain is doing evil is because he/she has a crush on the hero and this is the only way to see him/her**
*****
, 
******
**Part 3**

The Butterfly Heart – the largest sapphire in the world – was being exhibited tonight at the charity event. I rubbed my hands together and steered through the crowd of people in expensive suits and cocktail dresses. 

She knew I would be there to steal it, and I knew she would try to stop me. It was the perfect ploy in more than one regard. But this time I would actually go through with it. The eagerness to see her again made me all tingly inside.

“Everything’s in place, boss,” one of my goons said through my earpiece. “We’re waiting for her on the balcony.”

“What! I told you all to wait in the ballroom,” I whispered angrily. 

“You incompetent–Oh, hello there, Mr. Mayor,” I said, forced to interrupt my scolding as the big man approached me. “Oh no, of course not, I was just talking to one of the waiters; don’t worry you’re doing an excellent job running this city. An excellent job, indeed!”

I excused myself and made my way up the stairs towards the vault. “Now, where was I? Right, you incompetent–”

“I hope you’re not planning anything tonight,” said a voice behind me, once again interrupting me.

I quickly put away the blueprints of the building and the *Notepad of Conniving Tricks and Cute Drawings*, and turned around.

There she was, the heroine of the city, wearing a red dress over her spandex, and looking absolutely stunning. 

“I… I, uh… of course not! I would *never* try anything…” I pulled off the fake mustache. “I’m just… moonlighting as a waitress… oh yes, improving my CV, that’s all.” 

I turned around and whispered into the microphone. “She’s already here, how could you miss that, you incomp–”

“You didn’t call me after our date…”

“I, uh, forgot… I mean, lost your number… I mean, what date!”

“Were you scared of rejection?”

 “I would never… Look at me; I am maliciousness incarnate, the biggest villain this city has ever seen!” I threw up my hands and let out a hushed but evil cackle. “To think that I – the mastermind of cunning ploys – would be afraid of calling a little goody two-shoes, like yourself? You’re out of your mind!”
 
“Aw, I knew it!”

“I, uh, need to get back to my plan–I mean, *work* now. That’s right, serving these nice people…”

I hurried away towards the kitchen, where I had so ingeniously set up my base of operations. The heroine wasn’t suspecting a thing.

“How’s the drilling going, boys?” I asked.

“Almost through to the vault, boss,” one of the goons answered. “We’re on schedule.”

“Very good,” I said, putting my fingertips together. “Very good, indeed.”

I put my mustache back on, grabbed a tray with two glasses of champagne, and headed back to the party. I looked at my clock. Timing was everything now. I scanned the crowd for the heroine. Where had she run off to now? Someone tapped me on the shoulder.

“For me?” she said and took a glass from my tray.

“Uh, sure! For you!”

At that very moment, the alarm went off, and everyone started running toward the exits. She narrowed her eyes at me. I smiled wickedly.

“Aren’t you going to stop me?”

“I already did,” she said and took a sip.

I was almost falling for her bluff, but then one of my goons ran by and placed the box with the prized sapphire in my hand behind my back. I looked at her lovely smiling face. We were the only two people standing still in the chaos that surrounded us.

“This is for you,” I said and gave her the box.

“A present?” she said and opened it. “What is it?”

“Oh, it’s nothing.”

“You’re right.”

“I know… I mean what!”

She showed me the empty box. I shook my head and reached for the microphone… you incompetent–

“Hey,” she said and touched my arm. “I knew what you were up to, so I removed the Butterfly Heart before you even arrived. I think you've conducted enough thefts of that kind recently.” 

“What are you talking about?” I felt my shoulders slump. What a failure. “I haven’t stolen anything in years.”

“Yes you have,” she said and touched her chest. “This heart.”

***
Bonus part over at .

.**[WP] The real reason why the villain is doing evil is because he/she has a crush on the hero and this is the only way to see him/her**

*****



*****
**Part 1**

“You fiend!” cried the heroine. “How could you do this?”

I let out a practiced maniacal cackle and nodded at her through the bars.

“When the people need you the most, you manage to stumble into my little trap!”

I paced back and forth watching the frustrated heroine stomp her feet and ball her hands into fists. Ah, she was a real beauty. The way her cheeks bloomed and her eyes shot lightning. If I could only keep her in this cage forever – that was actually a good idea. I took out my *Notepad of Evil Schemes and Other Stuff* and jotted it down for the future. 

“Think of the children!”

“Oh yes, the poor sweet innocent children,” I said, faking a frown. “Aren’t you going to stop me?”

“Let me out, and I’ll make sure you never hurt anyone ever again!”

“Does that ever work?”

Her scowl grew darker. She grabbed the bars. An electrical discharge threw her backward onto the floor. She groaned and massaged her palms.

“Careful,” I said and wagged my finger. “That’s actual electricity.”

“I noticed…” she mumbled and sat up.

I watched her as she tried to stand again. Her legs were wobbly, and she staggered to one knee.

“What are you waiting for?”

“Oh, nothing. I’m just enjoying the moment.”

I looked out the window. The bus was still dangling from a massive crane. I was running out of time. I needed to let it down before someone actually got hurt.

“I was wondering,” I said. “What if things were different?”

“What do you mean?” she said, narrowing her eyes.

“You know what… nevermind!”

“No, tell me.”

“I rather not, it’s quite embarrassing. Besides, I have a busload of people to finish!”

She stood up again. It was her turn to smile. “You like me.”

“I… I most certainly do not! I am Darkness, the villain that took care of ALL the other villains! I am fear, and I am–”

“Hold up! Did you just say you took care of all the other villains?”

“Uh, no. I mean, I uh… I took care of them, as in, helped them when they were sick… yes, that’s right – apart from my career in villainy I’m also a certified nurse!”

“Aw, I was wondering why you were the only villain left. Now I get it; you took care of them so you’d get more time with me!”¨

“I have no idea what you’re talking about…”

“We’ve fought each other over a hundred times during the last few years. And no one innocent has ever been hurt.”

“That’s because you’re a jubilantly good heroine!”

“No, that’s because you’re letting me win. And did you just say *jubilantly*?”

She was the one locked inside the electric cage, but I was the one feeling trapped. I scolded myself for engaging her in conversation. I knew I should’ve just stuck to my monologue and then hit the button to release her.

“I always receive anonymous love letters calling me jubilantly good,” she continued and winked. “I guess I know who they’re from now!”

“That electric shock must’ve short-circuited something inside your little head. You’re clearly delirious. If you were any good at all, you wouldn’t have fallen into my trap.”

She laughed and slid through the bars with ease. “I just wanted to confirm you were my secret admirer. Now, if you’ll excuse me I have a busload of people to save.”

She flew out through the window, leaving me dazed. This didn’t at all turn out like I had planned. She looked back at me with her cape flapping behind her.

“If you bring a bottle of wine and candles to your next evil ploy, we can make it a proper date.”

******
**Part 2**

I gazed out over the city. Everything was ready. The explosives were rigged, the hostages were taken, and the table was set for a romantic dinner for two. All I needed now was–

“Stop right there!” the heroine cried and swooped down.

“Or what?” I said. “You’re standing on top of a dam rigged with explosives! And do you see that boat down there – that’s right – they’re trapped just beneath the floodgates.”

 She put her hands on her hips. I pointed my finger at her. 

“This time, you’re too late!”

“I thought we said eight?”

“Right… right, you’re right…” I mumbled. “This time, you’re *almost* too late!”

I was just about to burst into a fit of evil laughter when she took a step closer. I felt my heart jump. With the artificial lake behind her and the wind tugging her hair, she was the very icon of perfection.

“You have exactly one hour until the explosives go off,” I showed her a ticking timer strapped to my chest. “Then the city will get flooded!”

“One hour?”

“Yes,” I said and ushered her to the table. “You don’t want to rush this dinner.”

“Thank you,” she said as I pulled out the chair for her.

As soon as she was seated I hurried over to get the first dish. 

“Oh, smells wonderful! You didn’t have to do all this.”

“It was no trouble… no trouble at all.”

“Yummy, I love chicken.”

Chicken? I felt my blood pressure rise. “It’s actually pan-roasted duck breasts with sherry, honey, and thyme sauce…”

“It’s good anyway! Must’ve taken you a long time to prepare?”

“No, not at all. It’s just our first… I mean, it’s a dinner for two long-time enemies, no big deal.”

Not like I was up all night perfecting the dish. Not like the cooking had taken longer than setting up the explosives and trapping the innocent people on that boat. Chicken… humph!

After four more courses and a dessert, the time was running out. There were five minutes left. I had treated her to all my best cooking, most of which she probably hadn’t enjoyed as much as she should’ve.

“It’s been lovely! But I must now stop you,” she said and got out of her seat.

“About that…” I said and a devious smile crept up over my face. “Like I said earlier, *too late!*”

Her eyes went wide as I pressed the manual detonator. An explosion erupted. But it was above us and not below. 

“Oh my god,” she said and looked up at the fireworks. “You totally got me.”

“I released the hostages as soon as we started eating,” I said as flowers of fire popped in the night sky. “And I made sure to take care of all the small-time criminals in the city. You have the entire night off.”

“Aw, I can’t believe you’ve been a villain for all these years.” She took a step closer. “Come here so I can kiss you.”

“No!” I said. “Never on the first date.”

“Oh, okay. Well, at least you admit it was a date.”

“I did no such thing…” I swept my cape mysteriously and disappeared into the night. “Until next time…”

*****
**Part 3**

The Butterfly Heart – the largest sapphire in the world – was being exhibited tonight at the charity event. I rubbed my hands together and steered through the crowd of people in expensive suits and cocktail dresses. 

She knew I would be there to steal it, and I knew she would try to stop me. It was the perfect ploy in more than one regard. But this time I would actually go through with it. The eagerness to see her again made me all tingly inside.

“Everything’s in place, boss,” one of my goons said through my earpiece. “We’re waiting for her on the balcony.”

“What! I told you all to wait in the ballroom,” I whispered angrily. 

“You incompetent–Oh, hello there, Mr. Mayor,” I said, forced to interrupt my scolding as the big man approached me. “Oh no, of course not, I was just talking to one of the waiters; don’t worry you’re doing an excellent job running this city. An excellent job, indeed!”

I excused myself and made my way up the stairs towards the vault. “Now, where was I? Right, you incompetent–”

“I hope you’re not planning anything tonight,” said a voice behind me, once again interrupting me.

I quickly put away the blueprints of the building and the *Notepad of Conniving Tricks and Cute Drawings*, and turned around.

There she was, the heroine of the city, wearing a red dress over her spandex, and looking absolutely stunning. 

“I… I, uh… of course not! I would *never* try anything…” I pulled off the fake mustache. “I’m just… moonlighting as a waitress… oh yes, improving my CV, that’s all.” 

I turned around and whispered into the microphone. “She’s already here, how could you miss that, you incomp–”

“You didn’t call me after our date…”

“I, uh, forgot… I mean, lost your number… I mean, what date!”

“Were you scared of rejection?”

 “I would never… Look at me; I am maliciousness incarnate, the biggest villain this city has ever seen!” I threw up my hands and let out a hushed but evil cackle. “To think that I – the mastermind of cunning ploys – would be afraid of calling a little goody two-shoes, like yourself? You’re out of your mind!”
 
“Aw, I knew it!”

“I, uh, need to get back to my plan–I mean, *work* now. That’s right, serving these nice people…”

I hurried away towards the kitchen, where I had so ingeniously set up my base of operations. The heroine wasn’t suspecting a thing.

“How’s the drilling going, boys?” I asked.

“Almost through to the vault, boss,” one of the goons answered. “We’re on schedule.”

“Very good,” I said, putting my fingertips together. “Very good, indeed.”

I put my mustache back on, grabbed a tray with two glasses of champagne, and headed back to the party. I looked at my clock. Timing was everything now. I scanned the crowd for the heroine. Where had she run off to now? Someone tapped me on the shoulder.

“For me?” she said and took a glass from my tray.

“Uh, sure! For you!”

At that very moment, the alarm went off, and everyone started running toward the exits. She narrowed her eyes at me. I smiled wickedly.

“Aren’t you going to stop me?”

“I already did,” she said and took a sip.

I was almost falling for her bluff, but then one of my goons ran by and placed the box with the prized sapphire in my hand behind my back. I looked at her lovely smiling face. We were the only two people standing still in the chaos that surrounded us.

“This is for you,” I said and gave her the box.

“A present?” she said and opened it. “What is it?”

“Oh, it’s nothing.”

“You’re right.”

“I know… I mean what!”

She showed me the empty box. I shook my head and reached for the microphone… you incompetent–

“Hey,” she said and touched my arm. “I knew what you were up to, so I removed the Butterfly Heart before you even arrived. I think you’ve conducted enough thefts of that kind recently.” 

“What are you talking about?” I felt my shoulders slump. What a failure. “I haven’t stolen anything in years.”

“Yes you have,” she said and touched her chest. “This heart.”

***
Bonus part over at .

.**[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 10**

The rain pattered against the window and turned the world outside into a blurry mishmash of green and gray. Leera put a finger against a bruise on her arm and pressed down. Dull pain shot through her arm. She moved to the next bruise. More pain, but the dirty yellow and blue discoloration faded.

She closed her eyes and went through all of the bruises. Each of them held a short glimpse of a memory. The one just above her elbow was extra painful to touch. It was from the time they had been caught outside the orphanage's fence. The headmistress had been very angry.

Leera's fingers wandered further down the arm until it reached the bandage around her wrist. She didn’t dare to press down on it. The red hot pain from the stove was still fresh in her mind. It was so unfair. She hadn’t done anything wrong, and still, she had been punished. How was it her fault that Aelar ran away? She’d even tried to stop him.

A tap came on the window, and Leera opened her eyes. Framed behind the wet glass was a blurry pastiche of her brother’s face. 

“Do you have the rucksack?” he said as soon as she opened the window.

His usually silver white hair was dark and sticking to his wet face. His clothes were soaked, and he was trembling. 

“Where have you–”

“The rucksack, Leera,” he cut her off. 

Pouting, Leera climbed down from the windowsill and pulled out the leather backpack where they had been saving some food every night for the last few weeks. She handed it to her brother.

“Where are you going?” she said sullenly.

“We are going away, far away.”

“We?”

“Yes, *we*. You and me, Sis,” he said and pulled her up to the windowsill again.

The wet lawn below felt much farther away than she remembered it. The two story house suddenly felt like a steep mountainside. 

‘The air folk isn't afraid of heights,’ she thought and swallowed. 

“Come on, Leera,” he said, “before the headmistress notices!”

Aelar was already drifting away, expecting her to follow. It looked so easy – the way the air carried him – so effortless. She took a deep breath and spread her arms. She jumped.

*****

In an ocean of agony, Leera’s wrist felt like a pier. Rolling waves of pain smashed into her and kept splashing up over her arm. She groaned. A scorpion crawled through her mind, ready to strike… ready to choke her with its venom. The cloaked man blew out one candle at the time. Leera screamed at him. He stopped and turned towards her, showing her his unwrapped arm – peeling gray skin, sharp clawing nails in sickly yellow.

Leera gasped and sat up. Slowly she forced her eyes open. At first, her vision was blurry. Then, through crusts of dried eye goo, a room gradually appeared. Stone walls decorated with chiseled eagles, banners in regal blue and gold, and a doorway with flowing curtains, leading onto a balcony.

“You’re awake,” Maya said.

The memories suddenly came rushing back to her – Maya’s empty cot; the silhouettes struggling in Andromeda’s stern; the invisible shape in the rain; her broken wrist. 

“W-where is Bryne?”

“Sleeping, I’d imagine. He’s been by your side for three days. He must like you or something.”

Leera tenetatively watched Maya pick her nails with the tip of a dagger. Hadn’t she attacked Quick?

“Three days? What happened? Where are we?”

“The royal palace in Oceanpeak,” Maya said and managed to look thoroughly unimpressed.  “A crypt stalker got you. You’ve been out since.”

Leera touched her neck where the creature had put its hand. She found a thick bandage instead of skin. 

“That reminds me; it’s time we change the dressing again. Lie down.”

Leera pulled the covers tighter around her. One of Maya’s dark eyebrows rose a little.  

“If I wanted to hurt you, I would've had plenty of time when you were out,” she said.

She put her hand on Leera’s shoulder and gently pushed her down. Carefully, she started tending to her neck.

“I thought you were an assassin and not a nurse.”

“You were poisoned,” Maya said. “The first thing you learn is how to administer antidotes. Don’t want to end up dead by accident while coating your blade.”

“The crypt stalker’s touch is fatal on its own," Maya continued. "I guess someone really wanted you dead.”

“Poisoned… how?”

“That’s what I was going to ask you?” Maya said and dabbed a cloth of stinging liquid over the wound. “Did you see anyone else on the ship that night?”

“I, uh…” 

Leera suddenly felt tired. Maya’s nimble fingers, dancing across her neck, had an oddly relaxing effect.

“There was a man…” Leera said. “But he wasn’t on the boat.”

“Yeah, where was he then?”

She wasn’t sure if her vision had been real or if it was just her mind that had played tricks on her during to the panic and the stress. She shook her head and sighed.

“All done!” 

Maya smiled and held up the old dressing. Leera’s eyes went wide.

“What… what does that… scorpion on your wrist mean?”

“Oh, this one?” Maya said. “It’s the symbol of the Re’dorai – the mercenary guild Bryne and I were part of.”

Leera’s throat felt like she had swallowed a handful of sand. Bryne, Maya, the cloaked man… were they all in cahoots somehow? What was their agenda? She reached for the water on her nightstand and took a careful sip.

“Where’s Quick?”

“Quick is fine. A lot of oomph in that old geezer – shrugged off the crypt stalker’s touch like it was a bee sting,” Maya said and walked over to the balcony, inviting the breeze into her obsidian locks. “He had some business to attend to – restocking his tea supply, I'd imagine.”

“What I don’t understand,” Maya continued and pointed her dagger at Leera, “is why you're so special.”

“I’m not,” Leera croaked. “I’m a mundane.”

“See, I think you’re lying. Who would summon a creature like that to murder a mundane?”

“I’m not, I just–”

Maya moved closer to the bed and Leera choked on the words.

“I don’t appreciate being lied to. And I don’t like being locked up in here.”

“Locked up?”

“The royal guard apprehended us as soon as we arrived. Quick is the only one allowed to leave the suite. They’ve got men watching every exit. I know for a fact that I don’t warrant this of type attention, and unless Bryne has done something exceptionally stupid this time, you’re the odd one out.”

“I don’t–” Leera said with her eyes fixed on the dagger that was now unnervingly close to her throat.

A swift knock on the door broke the tense moment. It creaked and opened. A girl clad in a simple sleeveless dress and a white apron stepped into the room. She had her blonde hair tied into tight knots over her ears and had a silly-looking cap on her head.

“Here are the sheets you asked for, Miss,” she whispered, but then noticed Leera. “Oh good, you’re awake. I’ll inform Lord Eirey right away.”

*******[WP] Scientists have finally decrypted Whale songs, and are able to listen in on long distance conversations. After a few weeks of listening in, all research is quickly classified, and NASA starts silent, hurried plans to reach Sirius, even reaching out to other space agencies for help.**
*****
**Part 5**

*One year into the journey…*

Sapphira blew on the unlit candle on her birthday cake, imagining a tiny flame going out. Fire wasn’t allowed on the ship. 

She was now twenty-one years old, and nineteen remained still of the journey to Sirius. 

She glanced over at Michael, who nodded encouragingly. It was his idea to celebrate birthdays and Christmases. He had convinced her to stop counting the days. She had to live her life and not just wait for the end of the journey.

A lot rested on his shoulders, especially after Alicia’s death. The chemist had remained silent and unresponsive for eight months until she finally pined away after a long time hooked up to an IV. Many in the crew relied on Michael for support now.

Little progress had been made on translating the dark song. Greg had entered a frustration induced depression, and Li had stopped dressing in her usual girly way. Whenever Sapphira saw her now, she looked haggard and soul broken.

The preparation team at NASA had said that the first year would be the toughest, and Sapphira could only agree. Everything about being confined on the ship was getting to her and everyone else. It was a strange contrast, seeing the infinite expanse of the universe stretch out beyond her reach while being locked inside a metal tube.

It was with no particular joy that she picked the candle from the cake and cut herself a slice. Michael had wanted her to have a small party, but she’d decided to spend the day in her room. He was her only guest.

“What do you think the cradle of life is like?” Sapphira asked.

“I hope it’s hot, with white beaches and blue lagoons. I hope they have piña colada there.”

She ignored his unserious response.

“If that’s where all life started, do you think there’s anything left or just a wasteland now?”

“If there’s anything there, I hope it’s friendly.”

A knock came on the door, and Sapphira opened to find David smiling and holding something encased in bubble wrap.

“Oh,” he said, and the smile drained from his face as he noticed Michael. “You’re here.”

Ever since their altercation last month, David had started avoiding Michael. He had even canceled their therapy sessions.

“Well, I just came to wish you a happy birthday,” David said and turned to Sapphira instead. “Here’s a small present.”

He handed her the package and hurried off along the corridor.

“Thank you!” she yelled after him.

“I think he likes you,” Michael said, and a smug grin touched his lips.

“Maybe we’re already lovers?” she shot back. “Did you think of that?”

Michael stifled a laugh, turning it into a snort. He shrugged and stuffed his mouth with cake. Sapphira watched him chew long and well.

“Do you want to talk about it?” he finally said.

“About what?”

“Your inability to connect with people on a deeper romantic level.”

“How about no?”

He shrugged again and got up. 

“All we have is time; why not work out some of the tangles?”

“It’s my birthday.”

“All the more reason to,” he said and smirked. “It’s not as elegantly wrapped in bubble plastic, but it’d be my gift to you.”

“I don’t have any tangles.”

“Everybody has issues.”

“I’m fine.”

“Well, tell me if you change your mind. Our sessions don’t have to be exclusively about this journey.”

As soon as Michael left, Sapphira locked the door to her room and sat down on the cot. She unwrapped David’s gift. It was a tiny iron trinket in the shape of a cat. It looked handmade. She instantly thought of Noodle, and how she missed the soft brush of his fur against her legs.

Ever since Alicia’s death, she’d felt like she wouldn’t survive the trip either, and she started to sweat every time she thought about the years still ahead of her. But gripping the iron cat tightly in her hand, she knew now that she would be okay. 

Sapphira realized now how caught up she had been inside her own doubts. She had been assigned as the leader of the project, and up until now, she felt like she had neglected her duties. She needed to get the team back on its feet. She needed to decode the dark song.
*****[WP] You feel an overwhelming need to take out the trash, shower frequently, and feed the poor. A soft, calming voice whispers compliments in your ear. You've been possessed... by an angel.**

***
New? 


***
**Part 5**


"Can you not be in my room while I sleep?" John said, pulling the bed cover up to his chin.

Pix sat cross-legged on the floor, drawing something with crayons on a piece of paper. She chewed on a lock of hair and flat out ignored him. Ever since they'd left the soup kitchen she'd been quiet, but of course she somehow still managed to be annoying.

"Don't you need to sleep too?" John said when she remained silent. 

She just shook her head and kept drawing. John sighed and stared at the ceiling. It had gone well with Maureen, at least he thought so. She'd smiled at him. That meant she liked him, right? Or at least she forgave him for the screw-up with the flowers. He nodded and gave himself a mental pat on the back -- if he just played his cards right he still had a chance with her.

"I'm turning off the light."

Pix nodded. "Okay."

He hit the button, but for some reason, the room didn't go dark. Like a girl-sized firefly, Pix emanated her own light. Her skin and eyes glowed and so did the golden band around her head. 

John shook his head. "Are you upset about something?"

"Why would you think that?"

"Because you usually talk a lot, and now you're just quiet."

"I don't get upset -- I'm an angel."

"Are you lying again?"

Pix pushed out her bottom lip but said nothing.

"Okay, well, I'm going to sleep." John turned against the wall and closed his eyes.

But something kept him from sleeping. He tossed and turned for a bit before sitting up. Pix looked at him. The usually bubbly and happy girl
was frowning. Even though he found her a complete nuisance, he couldn't help but feel bad. Somehow, he knew that this was his fault.

"Okay, what did I do?" he finally said. "Tell me so I can get some rest."

Pix fidgeted with her dress for a while before finally speaking. "You're doing the right things but for the wrong reasons..."

"What do you mean? It was your idea to go to the soup kitchen."

Pix nodded. "I know, but..."

"I went there, what more do you want?"

The girl finally dropped the crayons and stood up. She walked over the bed and sat down next to him, placing her hands on his shoulders and looking him in the eyes. For a few moments, her violet irises took over his entire vision. She leaned in closer.

"You did it for the wrong reasons," she whispered, her mouth close to his ear. "You didn't do it to help the less fortunate. And if I could see that, so could Maureen."

"She seemed happy that I helped," John protested. "Why can't you be?"

"Because I care about you, and I want you to better yourself. Why do you think I came here?" Pix turned away, her face dropping. "You're on a path that leads to resentment and ruin."

"I think I'm doing quite well, considering I have an annoying angel looking over my shoulder at all times. Seriously, if you're not happy with how I do things, then you're free to leave at any time."

"Fine!" Pix said.

She snapped her fingers and disappeared, leaving only a puff of smoke and feathers in her wake.


"Finally," John muttered.

He lay down on the bed again. Now, he could pursue Maureen without a nosy girl getting in his way. He took a deep breath. Finally some peace of mind.


***

The next morning, John woke up to the sound of knuckles drumming on his desk. He yawned and rubbed his eyes. A pale girl dressed in jeans shorts and dark makeup sat by the window, her legs propped up on his TV. She chewed loudly on a piece of gum and ran a hand through her spiky black hair.

"Who the hell are you?" John said, mouth wide open.

"None of your business."

"Well, you're in my room, so that kind of makes it my business."

"If you must know, my name is Ophelia. I'm Pix's replacement. But yeah, just get on with your day. If you don't bother me, I won't bother you."

John narrowed his eyes and slowly got out of bed, but the girl ignored him and stared out the window. With a shrug, he left the room to get some breakfast. He needed to get ready for school.

*****[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 14**

Leera opened her eyes. Her hands swam in palm-shaped pools of melted snow. In the reflection of the clear water, she saw Aelar with a twisted look on his face, swinging the sword in a wide arc.

Leera blinked. She saw the gleaming surface of the edge, and how it consisted of tiny black spheres, strung together in triangular formations. The beauty of the endlessly repeated pattern, shaped by the master smiths of ancient time, flashed through her mind – so hard and sharp, yet so delicate and smooth.

The blade connected with her neck. But instead of rupturing her flesh, the steel liquefied and splashed off her skin. A river of molten metal rolled over her shoulder and down her right arm. It felt soft and cold as it coiled around her wrist. She willed it into the shape of a bracer and elbow-guard, inspired by the one Maya wore. The amount of control she had was astounding. She shaped the edges into leaves and painted the steel with clouds and snowflakes, which turned into engravings when the bracer solidified.

Felthorne, who was in the middle of a drawn out cackle, suddenly lost his voice and started coughing instead. Aelar stumbled backward, slipping on the snow, and, for a moment, losing the buoyant grace that he usually carried himself with.

Leera filled her lungs with the icy mountain air and turned her face toward the churning clouds. Just like with the steel of the sword, she could see the texture of the wind and all the multi-colored particles – the tiny building blocks of the world. Everything suddenly made sense. It was all connected – the wind, the snow, the mountainside, even the tiny flame that had appeared in the fire-bender's palm, were all made up from the tiny spherical elements. 

She held out her hand in front of her – it shimmered and shifted in a palette of dazzling black, white, red, orange, and green. Aelar’s skin was the same as hers and the Sky Knights’ – it was the same as the earth-bender’s and the fire-bender’s, and the same as Felthorne’s. 

“We are all the same…” she whispered, and her feet left the ground. 

I need to see them all, she thought, and rose on wings of sparkling light – the tiny particles of the air collaborating and conjoining, carrying her upward. She had to know every element – touch them with her hands… feel them in her mind… bend them.

“I must find Quick…” Leera mumbled.

“Kill her!” cried Felthorne. “Kill her now!”

The Ignis woman’s eyes turned into globes of swirling flames. She held out her palms, and torrents of liquid fire roared into the air. 

“No more killing,” Leera said and threw out her arms, pulling the air apart around the firestorm, instantly smothering it.

The fire-bender fell to one knee and groaned, completely drained. The earth-bender flexed his muscles, the veins in his thick neck swelled, and his eyes lit up like emeralds.

“Die, Caelica!” he bellowed and hurled the stone casket at Leera.

“I said…” Leera split the rock in half, letting the two shards sail past her before taking control of them, sending them straight back down, “NO MORE KILLING!”

The casket shards hit the center of the plateau with a deafening crack, drowning out the thunder above. A deep fissure from the impact split the mountain in two, leaving Aelar and Felthorne on opposite sides of a steep chasm.

Felthone whispered something to his exhausted companions, and together they retreated down the far side of the broken mountain. Aelar, however, took Claria in his arms and looked up at Leera.

“Get her,” he said.

The Sky Knights shifted uncomfortably.

“What are you waiting for, you imbeciles!” screamed Aelar. “Get her!” 

The knights stirred and drew their blades in unison.

“The wind shall not carry you,” Leera said and thinned out the air above the Sky Knights.

Their running starts took them only a couple of feet upward before they twitched like jumping fish, and flopped headlong into the snow.

With the wind blasting through her hair, Leera set course back toward Oceanpeak. A smile touched her lips for the first time in days.

*******[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 15**

The thundercloud rumbled and lit up from within as sheet lightning bounced back and forth between the fluffy walls. Leera felt the static electricity on the back of her head, lifting her hair into a stormy updo. She wanted to touch the lightning, feel it surge through her body. She had always been afraid of lightning – afraid of fire, water, and cramped spaces. Now all she wanted to do was experience it all.

“No more fear.”

She saw the tiny vibrating red and white marbles of the cloud – they were missing some of their smaller building blocks. They were hungry, and that’s why they behaved this way.

“Come eat from my hand, little ones,” she said and stretched it towards the hulking cloud.

The massive beast roared. A tongue of blinding whiteness shot out, illuminating the sky. But instead of burning her alive, the lightning took what she offered, eating docilely from her hand. Tingles rolled up her arms and down her neck.

“Go play at sea,” she said and changed the direction of the wind, pushing the clouds out over the ocean.

Soon the sun peeked out over the tip of the cloud, and for a moment Leera just drifted through the air, enjoying the warm beams massaging her skin. She felt herself filling with a perpetual calm as the worries disappeared one by one. She no longer needed a house – the world was her home now. She no longer needed to worry about money or material things – whatever she needed, the land, sky, and sea would give her. And if she ever felt cold again… she smiled at the sun.

Was this too good to be true? No more worries? Then the realization hit her.

“Quick!” Like a comet, she shot across the sky, back toward Oceanpeak. 

In the distance, the spires of the city rose like a shining forest of awls from the mountainside. But among the marble pillars were also smoke. Leera’s heart sank at the sight. The vision of a shattered Cloudrest filled her mind. She spurred the winds.

“No more killing…” she said, but this time it was a prayer rather than a command.

The wind bit into her cheeks as she dove for the capital. She flew over the roofs, scanning the streets for the broad shoulders and flappy beard of Quick. Mobs of people were running up and down the streets – some were flying. Guards in the royal blue and white swept by in strict formation.

Drawn by the salty smell of the sea, Leera steered toward the water. She left the Merchants District, with its sleek white buildings and neat cobblestone roads, and entered the Docks District. 

The tall white walls of the royal palace were a striking contrast to the thatched roofs and dirt trails snaked between the worn-down buildings. Castle Saltgale was built in the middle of Oceanpeak and had gates facing each of the six districts. A smell of rotting fish found its way to Leera’s nose.

Leera noticed that the smoke came from two places. The first source was a hole in the wall of the castle, and a crowd of people was hovering around the destruction like a buzzing colony of wasps. The second pillar of smoke rose from a massive stone building with a grain silo, which had been broken into. People ran to and from the site with bags on their shoulders, while the guards tried their best to keep them away from the king’s granary.

Leera’s eyes suddenly caught a glimpse of something in the crowd that stood out like a rose in a field of daisies. Pursued by a squad of guards, Bryne zigzagged through the throng of shouting people. With a wide grin on his face, he feinted and danced around them.

“Leera!” he called out when she landed. “You’re flying!”

Leera nodded. “Have you seen Quick?”

“Sorry – I’ve got my hands full! He’s probably out drinking tea somewhere.” Bryne dodged, and one of the guards crashed headfirst into a trash bin. “I’ll talk to you later.”

Bryne produced a bottle and swiftly poured the liquid into his open palm. He slammed his hands together and disappeared in a thick fog. Leera smiled at the guards who searched for him fruitlessly. She had always wondered what kind of powers Bryne had. Now she finally had her answer – the man was a water-bender, and a skilled one at that.

Turning away from the scowling red faces of the guards, Leera drifted along the street. Through the smell of decomposing garbage, a familiar scent made her stir. She followed it and came to a rickety shack of a bar. A duck with googly eyes adorned the sign above the door.

Leera was just about to enter when the door swung open, and two guards with rosy cheeks and content smiles waddled out, and after them came Quick. 

“Gentlemen, thank you for the company,” Quick said. “Send me a letter and tell me how it went with Breeze.”

One of the guards mumbled something unintelligible, and together they started strolling along the street.

“You’re okay!” Leera said and hugged the big man.

“Why, of course.” Quick patted Leera on the head. “I see you’ve got your powers – about time, I should say.”

Leera beamed at him and hugged him again. She hadn’t felt this happy in a very long time.

“I trust everything went well, meeting your brother?”

“There were a few… complications.”

“And such is life, a series of complications and riddles waiting to be solved. Now, we have but one important journey left. Gather your belongings, and we shall get going.”

“I have all I need.”

“Well, then,” the big man said. “Let’s be on our way to the Temple of Minah.”

*****


*If you haven't already, check out the !***[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 11**

Leera tugged at the hem of the dress. Despite the flowery pattern of the sleeves and the train that resembled a peacock’s tail, the word that best described the dress was ‘constricting.’ The maid had pulled the corset and bodice so tightly that Leera now thought of her upper and lower body as two separate entities.

The only comfort was that Maya looked even more miserable in her dress. The usually nimble assassin was dolled up to the point of absurdity. She wore a gown made out of rubicund silk, cashmere, and feathers, which could only be described as a marvelous monument to impracticality.

Leera took a careful step in the heels, which were much too high to walk in properly, and looked at herself for the first time in the floor mirror. The lace-creature that stared back at her looked nothing like the small town girl she had seen in the mirror back home. It had her vanilla hair, pale skin, and her downcast turquoise eyes, but that’s where familiarity ended, and the bizarre princess’s dream began. It was weird, but she kind of liked her new look.

“You do realize I’m not a Caeli woman?” Maya complained and blew away the white feathers of her updo that kept falling into her face.

“Our nation’s traditional wardrobe is compulsory in the court, Lady Maya,” the maid said and tightened the laces of her bodice further.

Maya grunted at the added discomfort. “I hope your brother is worth the suffering.”

Leera nodded slowly. She remembered the days after Aelar was swallowed by the lake – the crushing loneliness, the tears of unquenchable sorrow, and the guilt of not being able to fly over and save him – she had eventually returned to the orphanage only to find the doors locked. She had banged her knuckles bloody on the unrelenting wood. Nobody came for her, except the hollow realization that she was alone in the world. She couldn’t decide which was worst, losing him or learning that he’d been alive all this time and had decided to neglect her.

The maid rounded Maya and, once again, started pulling at the laces that crisscrossed her back.

“I swear, girl. If you touch that thing one more time, I’ll slice off your fingers.”

The maid pouted visibly and shot her a dark look, but decided to back off.
 
“Whoa! Look at you,” Bryne said and strutted into the dressing room.

“Shut up, okay?” Maya said. “I didn’t eat anything this morning to fit into this contraption, and I’m already annoyed.”

“For your information, I was talking to Miss Eirey,” Bryne said, smirking, “But I suppose you look presentable too.”

Maya scowled. Bryne offered his arm to Leera, who, despite her mixed feelings about the man, was thankful for the support. Without help, she doubted she’d make it out of the room in those shoes. She had to admit that Bryne looked quite handsome with his fiery hair tied into a neat bun and his beard charmingly trimmed. His outfit was simple but elegant – an embroidered tabard with a thick silver sash, velvet pantaloons, and polished leather boots.

“Lord Eirey is ready to receive you,” one of the guards said.

“He better be,” Maya muttered and stomped out of the room with Leera and Bryne in tow.

*****
The throne room of the castle was austere. The banners were rolled up, and the chandeliers were covered. The chairs of the seating area had been stacked, the tables placed along the walls, and the tall windows blinded. Even the massive throne itself was draped. A single wooden table, flanked by armored guards, dominated the floor of the room.

“Lord Aelar Eirey, Custodian of Castle Saltgale, and Regent of the Kingdom of Caeli, bids you welcome,” one of the guards announced.

The man with cropped silvery hair lifted his eyes from the paperwork in front of him. Leera’s heart skipped a beat. It was really him – twenty years older and much thinner than she remembered him, but it was definitely her brother. 

“Brother!” she said and broke free from Bryne.

She managed to stumble all the way up to the table before the guards there crossed their halberds and blocked her way. 

“I can’t believe you’re alive…” she mumbled, suddenly embarrassed over her outburst. “What happened to you… why didn’t you reach out… why…?”

Aelar tilted his head to the side and gave her an unimpressed look. Leera’s throat tightened, she felt like crying, but she forced herself not to. Her brother’s gray eyes were like steel shields, hard and unforgiving.

“Aelar, please.” She tried her best not to sound desperate. “Don’t you remember me?”

He ignored her and emptied his goblet on the floor. He then made it float through the air towards her. 

“Melt it,” he said.

 “W-what?”

“This is gold – you’re an Isobender,” he said. “Melt it.”

“I can’t… I mean, I’m not.”

The goblet dropped to the floor with a loud clanking sound that echoed between the stone walls. The throne room went silent for a moment. The corners of Aelar’s mouth dropped. Leera had seen the expression every time he had unsuccessfully tried to teach her how to fly.

“You’re as pathetic as the day I left,” Aelar spat. “You were always useless.”

Leera felt herself shrinking. His words felt like a sledgehammer to her chest. She gasped for air, blood pounding in her ears. Bryne said something that earned him a punch in the gut by one of the guards. Maya stormed out of the room.

“It doesn’t matter. Send word to Felthorne that I have something he wants,” Aelar said to one of the guards. “Oh, and find that old fool, Quick, and cut out his tongue for lying to me.”

*****




A sketch by /u/ratchet_creations[WP] When you save someone's life, it becomes forfeit, and they're forever in your debt. Effectively, this means super heroes are some of the largest slave owners on the planet.
***
A collaboration series with /u/nickofnight 
***
**Part 6**

The breeze ran its gentle fingers through the golden hair of the massive field, probing the wheat for the autumn harvest. The whiskered chaff reached for Aurora’s sides in futile attempt to tickle the heroine into laughter.

“Emily, what are you doing?” she said, approaching the closest worker.

The woman looked up, her dark hair sticky with sweat. Hopelessness tainted the blue in her eyes, but Aurora couldn’t detect any fear or hatred.

“Working -- Food for the starving people -- Pulling my straw to the stack,” Emily said between wheezing breaths.

“You shouldn’t be out here,” Aurora said and tried to take the woman’s basket.

She pulled it away, defiance coloring her suntanned face.

“The meds -- are not working -- at least this way -- I’ll help -- a few more  -- before I go.”

Aurora looked over her shoulder at the men building a new grain silo in the distance. 

“You should be with your husband then. You don’t have much time.”

Emily shook her head, and a cough ripped through her body. 

“He doesn’t -- understand…”

It was true. Most people who owed their lives to The Iron Maiden didn't get it. Emily was different, though. From her previous work in the rations department, she knew that the shortage of food was a severe issue, and after Aurora had saved her and her little sister when their apartment building caught fire, she had happily started working in the fields. The bottleneck for the city was food, and it had been for a long time. Forcing people out into the fields was the only way to keep the impending system collapse at bay. 

Emily had worked herself half to death, and with her disease, there wasn’t much left of her body now. She had given everything she had to help others, and it had cost her dearly.

Her husband wouldn’t understand, she was right about that. So instead of resenting his wife for choices he couldn’t grasp, it was better if he had someone else to blame. Aurora hugged Emily closely. The woman had lost so much weight in the last couple of weeks.

The heroine closed the iron mask and flew over to the workers at the silo.

“You.” She pointed at one of the men. “Your wife is as good as dead -- Start digging.”

Aurora could see the black hatred in his eyes. Something snapped within him, and he rushed at her, swinging the hammer. It was nothing but a sad attempt, and she dodged the strike easily and tripped the man. He fell into the dirt, and the heroine pinned his hand to the ground with the tip of her iron wing. Blood dyed the sharp steel. The man whimpered, clutching the wrist of his impaled hand.

***

Aurora bobbed her head and awoke from the short slumber. She never closed her eyes for more than a few minutes -- there was no point. Despite the calming effects of the herb tea, the nightmares came creeping if her eyelids stayed shut for too long.

She took a sip of the lukewarm brew and rose out of the chair. It was time to go hunting.

***

The heroine cruised the gunmetal sky, leaving trails of swirling smog in her wake. When things first went down the drain, she took it upon herself to personally oversee the justice system and the well-being of the citizens, but it became too much for her. And she hadn’t been able to improve things in any significant way. After a while she let the church handle everything administrative in the city. The hours of the day weren’t enough for both paperwork and hunting criminals.

She flew high above the rooftops, scanning the dark streets for any suspicious activity.

She remembered the days when she had been kind to the scum of the city -- locking them up after a mild beating -- but the criminals just kept growing in numbers. One time she had accidentally sliced up the chest of a robber, and before his limp body hit the ground, his colleagues had already surrendered. 

Fighting terror with terror seemed to be the only working concept. Making examples out of the criminals instead of giving them cells and the city’s much-needed food felt like the right thing now. Perhaps she had gotten a bit desensitized over the years.

Aurora’s sharp eyes spotted a group of teenagers spraying a wall with what seemed to have become the unofficial symbol of the resistance -- a caricature of The Iron Maiden, splayed out, a noose around her neck, limbs severed, and with dead crosses for eyes. 

She dove. 

They didn’t deserve to die for a crime as small as painting a wall with graffiti, but she had long since learned that if you gave these people any leeway, their crimes would only escalate. Today it was a crude caricature -- tomorrow it would be larceny and murder.

The one keeping watch spotted her and, like an uncovered nest of rats, they fled in every direction. Aurora could end these kids quickly if she wanted to. But following them often led her to a bigger infestation, where she could chop off the head of the snake instead of just a tiny tip of its tail.

The chase led her into the courtyard of an abandoned apartment complex. The rats ran down the stairs to a cellar, trying to escape into the sewer-maze. She landed in front of them, blocking the way.

They looked at each other, pulled out knives, and started backing away. They were barely sixteen.

Aurora took a step forward. Something hit her in the back. There were kids in the window above her, throwing rocks. She sighed. Why did have to do that? She spun around, flicking her wing. The sharp feathers severed the wrist of the first teenager. His hand fell to the ground, still gripping the knife.

More grubby faces appeared in the windows. Masked men and women crawled out of the shadows. Aurora’s lips curled into a cruel mirthless smile. What were they thinking? A pack of lemmings running into a meat grinder. 

Aurora swept her wings in a wide arc, gutting the closest assailants. Screams filled the courtyard, but they just kept coming. Hundreds of rebels, climbing over the bodies of their fallen comrades. Bats clanked against her iron wings. People threw themselves at her, trying to pin her down. 


Her wings slashed and her claws shredded -- a red whirlwind of gore.

She was in a frenzy, but something cut into her senses. A new strange feeling. Something that she hadn’t felt before. A dull throbbing ache in her arms and back. The blows that hit her -- she could feel them. 

Pain. She could feel pain. Something was very wrong. These mortals weren’t supposed to be able to harm her in any way.

She strained her legs and pushed herself hard into the air. For a moment, she shot upward, then the steel wire hooked into her left wing went taut, and she crashed headfirst into the wall of the building, her wing pulled from its socket, roots and all.

Aurora gasped. The gray sky flickered and turned into a haze. Her mind desperately tried to make sense of what had just happened, the pain that had suddenly increased a hundredfold, and the hateful faces of the criminals surrounding her.

******[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 12**

”Leave us,” Aelar said and waved his hand dismissively at the guards.

Leera watched the bobbing red bun of Bryne’s hair as he was hauled off by the guards. Once they were alone in the throne room, Aelar rose from his chair. She felt like the hand of the crypt stalker was choking her again. Her brother’s steps each seemed to tighten the grip on her throat, cutting off her air supply as he closed in. Despite her efforts, a tiny drop broke free and tumbled out of her eye.

“You were slowing me down,” he said and touched her cheek. “It’s not your fault you’re a mundane.”

His voice was soft, but his words were sharp as needles. And even though Leera’s heart was turning into a pincushion, she knew that he was right. She had always been a burden to him. 

“Couldn’t you have sent me a letter? I thought you were dead...”

“I knew you would just come running.” Aelar tilted his head to the side and looked her straight in the eyes. “I had aspirations… ambitions! I needed a clean slate. I would never have made it to where I am today.”

“Because… having a mundane sister means… that your bloodline isn’t pure.” She had to squeeze the words out of her throat.

“See, you’re not so stupid after all. Politics is a business of cutthroats and backstabbing – I wouldn’t have lasted a day. Besides, the big city wasn’t for you.”

Aelar brushed a lock of Leera’s hair out of her face and hooked it behind her ear. He was right, but the truth was painful. When he left, she’d had nobody. She had lived on the street for almost a month before the farmer’s wife had taken pity on her.

Leera turned away and stifled another sob by biting her knuckle. “Why… why did you bring me here now?”

She heard him sighing loudly behind her. 

“I wouldn’t have,” he said simply. “That old fool had me convinced that you were an Iso-bender. It’s his fault you’re crying now. But don’t worry; I’ll have him appropriately punished.”

“You don’t have to do that,” Leera whispered.

“But I do. If people think it’s okay to lie to the regent…” He snorted. “No, he must be punished.”

She thought of Quick stomping into her house and demanding tea, and of how he baked carrot biscuits every morning, and how he always saw the best in people. She hadn’t realized it until now that her heart had a soft spot for the old man, despite his eccentric ways.

“Please, Aelar, he’s just a crazy old man,” Leera said and spun back around. “It’s not his fault.”

“Then whose fault is it? I find myself with a whole plate of new problems, and none of them look particularly appetizing. By now, half the nobility in Oceanpeak knows I have a mundane sister. And with the Conclave scourging the countryside, my position is threatened.”

“The Conclave?”

“It’s a murderous group of traitors who works with the enemy to see my downfall. I’ve kept their vile kind in check for months, but now it seems they’ve finally gained the upper hand.” Aelar paced back and forth in front of his desk. “Did you know that they butchered an entire city only last week? Of course not… but let me tell you, they somehow got wind of my beloved wife, Claria, visiting Cloudrest. They struck like a viper, and are now keeping her for ransom.”

Leera shuddered as images of twisted black corpses swayed inside her mind. 

“Is there anything I can do to help?” she asked, even though she knew that there wasn’t.

“Yes, there is one thing…” Aelar said, to her surprise. “Their leader, Joseph Felthorne, has put a bounty on your head because his spies have told him you’re an Iso-bender. If we act quickly, we might be able to trade you for Claria. But it would be a death sentence once he realizes you’re not… I couldn’t possibly ask you to lay down your life for Claria’s...”

He let the last sentence hang in the air. Leera remembered how Aelar had pulled her out of the fire in their childhood home, and the times he had taken the punishment for her in the orphanage, and how he had tried so hard to help her fly even though it was impossible. She had always been a problem and a weight on his shoulders – she had always been so useless to him. Perhaps this was her chance to prove that she had some use and become more than a walking disappointment.

“I’ll do it,” Leera said and clenched her fists. “But please don’t hurt Quick.”

“Go back to your chamber while I set up the trade.”

“What about Quick?”

“I’ll consider it.”

Leera watched him as he sat down behind the desk and started writing. Even when she crossed the room, he didn’t look up. She held up her hand and mouthed ‘I’m sorry.’

“Farewell, brother,” she said.

He didn’t answer.
*****


Yesterday I released Bend over at Tapas as an ongoing novel. If you enjoy this series and want to help me show it to more people, I would appreciate it a lot if you could stop by  and leave a Like (scroll down to the bottom) and/or subscribe (both will help get it to the trending/popular pages). There's also a cover image there for the series, made by Ratchet, which I think you're going to love! (For copyright reasons, I'm calling the series "Kinesis" over there). Thank you!**[WP] In a post-apocalyptic era, books of the old world are the most valuable and sought-after treasures. Your grandfather, who just passed, left you a map that supposedly leads to the legendary "Library of Congress."**
***
New?  for the first part.
***
**Part 3**

The footpath leading down from the highway curved around a dried-up lake. I’d always wondered where all the water went. It never rained anything but ashes these days. 

At the bottom of the lake rested a rusted metal cage. It wasn’t until we passed the skeleton of an old swing set that Marissa gasped and started pointing. Something inside the cage had just moved. 

“Come on,” James whispered.

He urged us to keep going, but both Marissa and I were already staring. A ragged face with tufts of gray hair protruded through the bars of the cage. Froth bubbled down his chin, and his arm reached out in a futile attempt to grab us. For a moment, the old man panted in frustration, his bloodshot eyes spinning madly in their sockets.

Then he started screaming – long drawn-out howls, guttural curses and vulgar profanities, and a demented laugh that chilled me to the core. His broken voice echoed behind us as we started sprinting across the desolate park. People found uses for everything these days, even someone as rabid and insane as that man was still made to serve as a guard dog.

Nobody would last in that cage for very long without food or water. So, whoever put him there was still around. I had long since learned that when all morality was replaced by the instinct to survive, humans turned from people to beasts, and from compassionate and caring to cruel and callous.

We ran until we came to the shattered remains of an old warehouse complex. For a few minutes, we lay together under a gray tarp that James had pulled out of his backpack, trying to catch our breaths and deal with the sickening images of the old man.

“They’re going to come looking,” Marissa said.

“She’s right; we need to go.” It felt like every word I said wanted to become one with howls in the distance. “From afar we’ll be fine under the tarp, but one look inside and we're done.”

“Well, where do we go then?” James said tiredly. “I told you this was a bad idea. We can’t outrun trucks on the roads, and we’ll starve if we go into the wilderness.”

He was right. Without food, we’d be dead within a couple of days. My grandfather had always tried to teach me about tricky situations. Strategy and warfare were things he could discuss until his lungs gave in, and then some. I racked my brains to remember what he’d said. There was one line that he often quoted: ‘*Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.*’ 

“They expect us to run. What if we do the opposite?”

Both James and Marissa looked at me, their eyes widening. 

“We can’t fight them with just a revolver and your knife,” James said. “I only have four bullets.”

“We’re not going to fight them,” I said slowly. “But what would we do right now if we didn’t fear them?”

The silence lingered under the tarp for several seconds.

“We would get what we came for,” Marissa said.

“Exactly!” I said and stood up, taking the tarp with me. “They’ll never expect us to just go straight into the city.”

“Are you sure about this?” James said.

“I think it’s our best shot, but we must hurry.” 

I looked him in the eyes. He was scared. We all were. I tried to give them both a smile of confidence, but it felt more like a grimace than anything encouraging.

We left the tarp in the ruined warehouse as a decoy and crouched along the low walls of shattered cement toward the heart of the city. It didn’t take long before the chortling smoker’s cough, and revving engines of a massive truck thundered by on the road. Men in gray masks scoured the ditches and closest buildings behind the mechanical beast.

It was a small miracle that we made it unnoticed all the way to the flattened concrete desert where the bomb had landed. It was a circle of almost perfectly leveled chunks of scorched and partially melted mortar. The ground rose gradually from the center of the immense crater. First came building foundations, protruding like jagged spines out of the debris. Then the shells of the sturdiest constructions, hollowed out by the shockwave and then the firestorm, rested like sad tributes to the power of destruction. Finally, the last symbols of the lost civilization rose about two stories off the ground – floorless and barren – their windows staring like empty eye sockets in the skulls of dead giants.

“How do we find those books in this mess?” James shook his head tiredly.

“First we need a place to hide,” I said, pulling out the old blueprints and flipped it over. “We’ll wait until dark.”

On the backside, my grandfather had sketched out a second map of the area and instructions on where to find the entrance.

*****[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
****
**Part 8**

**Raphael**

Watching civilization grow from illiterate tribes to a world-spanning empire of sophistication has taught one thing. Ungrounded trust – or *faith* as some call it – is a dangerous concept. It’s an easily devoured commodity – ‘It’s fine, it’ll take care of it, *trust me*.' A problem might be too hard to deal with it, so you hand it over to someone else: a person who, may or may not, have your best interest at heart. Some memories tend to stand out from the rest.

I was drifting along the cobblestone streets of Canterbury. I remember looking for a worthwhile person to haunt, but during this period, that was a lot easier said than done. The history books don’t really mention the filth, misery, and ignorance of everyday life. And this decade was especially bad. People weren't living very long. Corpses crawling with maggots were rotting in the gutters, bedpans were emptied into the streets, and people desperate for food, medicine, and prayers banged at the closed cathedral gates.

I drifted past a makeshift sign near the cemetery that said, ‘*In the year of our Lord 1349, we pray for salvation*.’

Those who were supposed to provide comfort in this time of need had shut their doors in the face of the masses writhing in pox-ridden disease. Those who were supposed to provide a guiding light in the darkness were huddling down in fear and guilt, pulling their holy robes closer around their own bodies.

“God has forsaken us!” cried the bishop, drawing the sign of the cross over his chest. “Ave Maria… in our time of need!”

‘Just as you have your people,’ I remembered thinking.

“Should we hold the council anyway?” asked one of the priests, warily tugging his collar.

“Of course!” said one of his colleagues. “We need to uphold the traditions, even in this dark hour.”

“Who has come?” said the bishop and paced back and forth across the marble floor. “Who is here?”

“No delegation came from Dunkirk this month – they’re all dead,” whispered one of the notaries. 

“No one is coming…” said one of the priests.

He was wrong. The incessant banging on the door had finally stopped. I drifted through the thick wall of the cathedral and followed the crowd toward the town square.

A figure in a flowing black cloak stood at the center of the open area with his back to the gathering crowd. The smell of vinegar and wax mingled with the already putrid city air. Suddenly, the figure turned around revealing a bone-colored beak-like snout sticking out several feet from the face of the cloak. Eyes like nuggets of goal seemed to burn with madness and scorn. The citizens gasped and started backing away from the demonic creature – had Death himself finally come for them? 

“Non timore!” the creature squawked, his voice muffled by the thick material of the mask. “Don’t be afraid. I’m here to help.” 

The figure calmly held out a gloved hand to the gathering crowd, beckoning them. Everyone seemed hesitant, but then a small boy broke free from the crowd and ran up to the cloaked man.

“Mama isn’t waking up,” the boy said wide-eyed. 

“Take me to your home, little one.”

I watched in awe as more people approached the man, begging him to save their loved ones.

“I’ll help everyone in turn – you are in good hands. I’m a doctor – you can trust me.”

I sensed a hint of disdain in his voice and decided to follow him around. The following weeks I sat by his side as he amputated limbs, cut open ulcers, and put the desperate citizens through one hell after the other. I sensed that he wasn’t sure what he was doing, or if it would help them. Many of his patients died on his table – but they would’ve succumbed anyway. Perhaps he was doing his best… perhaps he had a predilection for the gruesome and repulsive.

One thing was sure, though, when he crossed the threshold to a home, one person was sick, and when he left everyone were coughing and rubbing their swelling lymph nodes. Wherever his black cloak swept forth, death followed close behind.

A couple of weeks later he left the city. He had run out of patients. He stopped at the crossroads outside the city and looked at the signs. He had already visited Dunkirk and decided to continue his journey eastward.

*****

**Sarah**

“The meeting with Mr. Ryuko has been pushed back,” Sarah said, trying her best to keep her voice steady. “I’m going to visit the Tokyo Gardens. Want to come with?”

“Has it?” the orb said.

“Yes! And I don’t feel like sitting around in this hotel room all day.”

“Sarah, has it?”

“I told you. Why would I lie about that? I’ve been nothing but helpful to you. Trusting me is the least you can do.”

The orb let out a hollow metallic laugh. “Sure, let’s visit the gardens. It’s been a while since I was there.”

“Great!” she said, her heart pounding in her chest.

She could hardly believe that she’d managed to trick the orb. She stumbled around the room, gathering her things.

“Trust goes both ways,” the orb said softly. “Remember that.”

******[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 13**

Maya had partially managed to get out of her dress and threw her corset across the room. ”You did what!?”

Leera sat down on the side of the bed. She couldn’t believe it herself – how easily she’d signed her life away. Still, it was for a good cause. If Claria was worthy of Aelar, she had to be an amazing woman – saving her and Quick were two lives for the cost of one. Leera had nobody to go home to, nobody that would miss her, and perhaps she’d finally earn her brother’s respect.

”After the way he acted?” Maya plucked the hairpins out of her dark locks. “After everything he said?”

“It’s done,” Leera said.

“Well, I won’t be attending your funeral,” Maya snapped and pulled the last of the expensive dress from her body. “I’m leaving right now, and you should do the same. All the guards left because someone blew out the wall of the castle dungeon… I’m guessing that someone was Bryne.”

“I’ve made up my mind.”

Maya shook her head as she quickly pulled on her normal clothes.

“I guess I’ll see you on the other side then…” she muttered and left the chamber.

Leera played nervously with her dress. She couldn’t get out of it on her own, and the maid was nowhere to be seen. She rolled back onto the bed and pressed her palms hard against her eyes until stars of red and green exploded in the blackness. Shouting came from outside the balcony, and the sound of people running in heavy armor echoed over the rooftops. She ignored the ruckus and tried to think. Had this always been her lot in life? She was a mundane, without a family or friends… well, Quick was a friend and that’s why she wanted to help him so badly. 

She had always feared the prospect of growing old alone – of spending the last morsels of her life in her cabin in Jane’s Spire. At least she didn’t have to worry about that anymore. The door to the room creaked and Leera opened her eyes.

“Let’s go,” Aelar said.

Leera sat up and rubbed the tears from her eyes. She hadn’t realized until now that she was crying.

“Already?” she said, looking bleary-eyed at her brother.

He was clad in a thick coat and appeared ready to face icy winds outside.

“Your mongrel companions have started a riot. We need to make the exchange now.”

“I’m sorry,” she said and got up. “I’m sure they didn’t mean to.”

Aelar gave her a dark look and led her to the balcony. The gray waters of the ocean below stretched into the distance and met with the rumbling black clouds at the horizon. The towers and spires of the city stood like a forest of marble around them. Down on the ground, the citizens of Oceanpeak skittered around like confused little insects.

“I can’t fly,” Leera mumbled with her eyes downcast.

Her brother snorted. “I’m aware.”

Aelar took a deep breath and clenched his fists. His eyes turned misty and white. The wind rolled through his silvery hair. Leera’s stomach fluttered. She was levitating.

“Pretend you’re flying,” Aelar said and hovered next to her. “We can’t have Felthorne think you’re a mundane. From here on out, you’re the *fabled* Iso-bender.”

Leera could do nothing but enjoy the wind in her hair and the view of the city below. Her brother had grown powerful over the years and she now understood how he was able to lead the country in the King’s absence. Not many air-benders were able to carry other people through the air – and even though Leera wasn’t flying on her own, she felt like this was a moment to cherish. Smiling, she looked over at her brother, but his gaze held only the distant white peaks of Caeli’s Spine.

She closed her eyes and spread her arms out, and allowed herself to be carried by the whistling wind. Despite the grim fate that waited, her heart sang to the tune of wind. This was home, she thought, the endless sky was where she belonged.

When Leera opened her eyes, she saw the ice blue capes of half a dozen knights who were flying in formation beside her. Their tabards, with the royal white eagle, flowed majestically over their chest plates, and the mirrored visors of their helmets flashed with every crack of the lightning. They all had Caeli’s fearsome Vector Sweep-blades strapped to their waists. Growing up, Leera had heard the stories about the Sky Knights – they were Caeli’s finest warriors and what every little child dreamed of becoming – she had never thought she’d see them with her own eyes.

Without warning, the knights dove with dizzying speed, headfirst toward the ground. Then Leera and her brother followed suit. It felt like all her blood was pushed into her feet and her brain was sucked down her throat. 

The descent only took a couple of moments and before Leera could blink she felt the ground under her feet. She took a careful step, her head still spinning. She was standing on a smooth plateau on a snow-kissed mountaintop. Her feet made fresh tracks as she struggled to regain her bearings.

“Aelar Eirey!” a voice bellowed over thunderclaps. “It’s been a while.”

Leera looked up. A tall man with eyes of mercury stood on the other side of the plateau. His long hair burned like a white fire in the wind, and his cheekbones were prominent and set high like the ledges of a mountain. In Leera’s mind, he was the very definition of a Caeli nobleman. 

The man was flanked on one side by a slender woman in a tight red dress, with orange hair and onyx black eyes, and on the other by the hulking beast of a man with dark skin and shoulders that rose like boulders from his rugged frame.

“Joseph Cassius Felthorne,” Aelar said indifferently. “Do you have my wife?”

“Do you have the Iso-bender?”

“You’re looking at her.” Aelar threw out his hand at Leera. “Show me Claria.”

A smile crept up on Felthorne’s lips. Leera shuddered. There was no joy in the man’s face, and the expression seemed to have lost its original meaning. He nodded at the massive man to his right, who clenched his fists, causing the muscles on his thick arms to bulge. The ground rumbled in unison with the thunder, and an oblong stone rose out of the ground. It had the shape and size of a funeral coffin. The earth-bender’s eyes turned green as he reached out his massive hand toward the obelisk. With a loud scraping noise, one of its sides fell away, revealing a woman in a dirty white dress and a sack over her head.

The woman took a few wobbly steps out of her stone prison. She stumbled across the plateau before collapsing in Aelar’s arms. Warily, Leera started walking towards the tall man.

“Stop,” he said. “Why would I want you?”

“I-I… I’m the Iso-bender.” Leera cursed herself for stumbling over the words.

She glanced over her shoulder at her brother for support and direction.

“Do you think I’m stupid, Aelar?” Felthorne said. “I know she’s not the Iso-bender.”

A brief shadow of confusion danced across Aelar’s face before he regained his composure.

“Why did you agree to the trade then?”

“Because you’re losing your grip of Caeli anyway, *Lord* Eirey,” Felthorne spat. “It doesn’t matter to me if you get your precious wife back. Your days as the regent are numbered. And also, because I find it amusing that you would sacrifice your own sister.” Felthorne released a hissing laugh. “I never knew you had mundane blood in your family?”

“She’s only my sister by name,” Aelar said haughtily. “Her blood is not mine. She means nothing to me.”

His words pierced Leera’s chest like a spear. Gasping she fell to her knees in the snow.

“Prove it.” Felthorne smiled and held out his hand in a gesture of invitation. “I don’t want to soil my hands with filthy mundane blood. You go ahead and kill her. I’m sure it’ll be a weight off your shoulders… I can’t imagine what it must’ve been like, hiding such a dirty secret for all these years…”

Leera looked at the blurry image of her brother through her tears. He was hesitating. But then to her shock, Aelar handed over his wife to one of the Sky Knights. Leera looked at the unmoving form of Claria as Aelar slowly drew his blade – at least she had managed to save her. 

Leera’s brother walked over to her with a steely look on his face. He was really going to do it. She heard Felthorne's laughter in the distance as Aelar lifted the blade. She closed her eyes and saw the warm smile of Quick sipping on a cup of freshly brewed morning tea. She lowered her head, exposing her neck.

*****

Faces veiled in shifting shadows swirled around her.

“Where am I?” Leera said.

Her voice sounded muffled as if her mouth was stuck inside a glass jar. 

“Where?” the faces echoed. “Where?”

“What is this place? Am I dead?”

“This is not a place…” one voice whispered.

“…nor a time,” another filled in. 

“This is neither life… nor death,” said a third.

“Who are you?” Leera asked.

“We are the spirits of the mountain,” the voices said in unison. “Do you accept us into your heart and soul?”

“Why now?” Leera said. “Why wait?”

“Like the first of your kind…”

“…you have proven that your heart is pure…”

“…you have made an unselfish sacrifice…”

“…and such is the nature of the pact…”

“…from the first…”

“…to the second…”

“…to the last…”

“…do you accept us into your heart and soul?”

Leera took a deep breath. “I do.”

*******[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
*****
**Part 9**


**Raphael**

A good thing about being dead is that you no longer have to deal with physical pain. I remember having these mind-splitting migraines back in Atlantis. One time it got so bad that Xona had to take me to a soul orchard.

I remember lying in the grass with my head in her lap and a wet towel over my eyes. A brook was purling close by, and the sirens crooned softly as they strolled from patient to patient.                                                                               

Xona dipped her fingers in the brook and sprinkled the refreshing drops over my brow.

“I know you want peace and quiet,” she whispered. “But I hope this might help you relax – put your mind at ease.”

I grunted in response, feeling nausea building in my throat.

“I’ve thought about what you said – about taking a vacation,” she continued. “I’ve put in an offer for an offshore property…”

“Really, you’d do that for me?”

“Of course I would. If you want to get away during the Arella celebrations, we’ll do that.”

I caught her hand that was massaging my temple and kissed it.  

“Do you think it’ll be like this place?” she asked.

“I don’t know what this place is like.” I pointed at the towel over my eyes.

”Would you like me to describe it to you?”

****

**Sarah**

The Tokyo Garden was an oasis of green in the middle of all the concrete and glass. Ponds like shards of a broken mirror were scattered among the blossoming cherry trees. Fish in glittering turquoise, orange, and pink swam in the crystal water, and a cat slept in the sun on one of the wooden bridges.

Sarah followed a graveled path with the orb tucked under her arm. The bushes were all cut in smooth and rounded shapes to please the eye. 

“What are we doing here, Sarah?” said Raphael.

“I told, I’ve wanted to visit this place for a long time. Besides, we’ve nothing better to do until the meeting with MC.”

“How long did you say the meeting was pushed back?”

“It’s… I, uh didn’t actually say it earlier… but it is next week.”
 
“Which day, next week?”

“Um, Thursday.”

“Are you sure? You don’t sound so sure.”

“It’s Thursday – 8:30.”

“I can hardly contain myself.”

Sarah sat down on a wooden bench next to a small waterfall. Tiny trees grew on both sides of the stream, creating a miniature alley.

“What was it like, being dead for so long?”

The orb remained silent for a while before speaking. “It made me see humanity in a different light.”

“But I mean, how did you feel? Were you lonely?”

“I… No. Not like when I was alive.”

“What do you mean?”

“I felt like an outcast when I was alive. Being dead was a different kind of detachment – a good one. I liked being dead – no pressure, urges, or responsibilities. Floating freely was… quite relaxing. But anything gets boring in 15000 years.”

“I can imagine,” Sarah said and laughed. “I’ve only been an archeologist for seven years, and I get bored sometimes too.”

The orb said nothing in response.

“Were there any other ghosts?” she asked.

“Far too many.”

“Did you meet anyone special?”

“Define ‘special.’”

“You know, famous people – like Elvis or Julius Caesar?”

“I met them all. They’re just people, like everyone else. Nobody is that special once you get to know them.”

“I don’t believe that.”

“They all had dreams, aspirations, accomplishments, and failures. In the end, everyone ended up in the same place. Fortune and fame mean nothing once you’re dead. Sure, some stayed longer than others, but sooner or later they all faded to nothingness.”

“You know, whenever I unearth ancient artifacts. I always wonder who they belonged to and what life was like all those thousands of years ago.”

“It was always the same. People haven’t changed in the slightest. The world has always been a gruesome and ugly place. When I was alive, I thought I could change the course of things. But now I know that it requires a lot more than a…”
 
The orb fell silent, and Sarah found herself looking at the tiny bird perched on a wooden walkway across the largest pond. It arched its back and flapped its wings, displaying a shroud of sparkling bloodred feathers.

“Maybe you’re right, but the world is also beautiful,” Sarah said. “Would you like me to describe it to you?”

“No,” Raphael said solemnly. “If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it is that experiencing the world through someone else’s eyes doesn’t give you the real picture, only a distorted one. One diluted with subjectivity and contaminated by emotion and agenda. No, Sarah – I’ll wait until I can see the world for myself, which I trust will be soon.”

*****


Thank you for reading!

If you enjoy the stories here and would like to help me out, consider subscribing to my [Patreon]( https://www.patreon.com/lilwa_dexel). Every little bit translates directly into more time that I can spend writing.**[WP] You feel an overwhelming need to take out the trash, shower frequently, and feed the poor. A soft, calming voice whispers compliments in your ear. You've been possessed... by an angel.**
***
New? 


***
**Part 6**

Wet tracks dotted the floor of the entrance hall. The rain kept pattering on the windows and brought that chilly autumn feeling into the school. Students hurried past John on their way to class, but he had his sights on one locker row in particular. This time around, he'd ditched the flowers and the prom question. 

"Don't fuck up," Ophelia said, idly checking her black nails. "That's your thing, isn't it?"

John gritted his teeth. "I thought we agreed to leave each other alone...?"

"Right, true." The punk girl nodded. "Just don't fuck up. I might get in trouble if you, like, kill someone."

John threw up his hands. "What are you talking about?!" 

"We've just met, so I don't know if you have a history of violence or not. Besides, rejection fucks with people's minds."

"I'm not going to get rejected, okay?"

"Good." Ophelia shrugged. "Don't fuck up."

John let out a groan of frustration. A couple of students turned their heads and gave him a strange look. He was just about to swear at Ophelia for making him look weird when Maureen appeared by her locker. Her long hair cascaded down her back like a chocolate fountain, and her cheeks and nose had been painted in a soft pink by the chilly morning. She struggled with too many books and looked like she was about to either fall over or drop them all.

This was his chance. Even the disinterested Ophelia looked up as he dashed across the hallway. With the biggest grin, he caught the books falling out of her arms. It was like a scene out of a romantic movie when the girl meets her crush for the first time. John felt like Superman saving Lois Lane from a burning building. 

"Hey," he said. "I think you lost something."

He had seen this before. This was the moment when the girl gave the boy that doe-eyed look, her heart forever stolen. This was it, but for some reason, Maureen just moved out of the way so he could put books in her locker. 

"Thanks," she said and slammed the locker shut. "I gotta run. See you at chemistry!"

Maureen hurried off, leaving John dumbfounded. That was the smoothest thing he'd ever done. Why hadn't she fallen head over heels for him? Ophelia scoffed behind him. 

"What's so goddamn funny, huh?"  John snapped.

"You."

"...why?"

"You actually thought that she'd fall in love with you for stopping a couple of books from hitting the floor." Her black lips curled into a smirk. "Come on, that's funny."

"Whatever."

"Yeah, that's how she sees you. Blasé. Just another. Whatever with a capital 'W.'"

John crossed his arms. "But I helped her in the soup kitchen. I've been nothing but nice and helpful to her."

"That's your problem, dude."

"Do you mean I should act like a jerk?"

Ophelia rolled her eyes. "You really don't get it, do you?"

John shook his head. He didn't get it. Somehow, his efforts just seemed to fly over her head. Maybe he wasn't badass enough for her? Maureen had her thoughts on other things than him, and it felt like he needed to kill someone to get her attention. That would make him a bad boy of the highest degree.

"You're an idiot," Ophelia said.

John ignored her and stuffed his bag into his locker. He needed to come up with a better plan. Ophelia lay on the floor, her legs crossed, blowing a bubble of chewing gum.

"Why do you even like her?" she said, popping the bubble with her teeth.

"What kind of question is that?" John sighed in annoyance. "She's Maureen! She's *that girl*, you know?"

"Okay, what do you like about her?"

"I, uh...." For some reason, Shakespearean proclamations of cosmic love entered his mind. "She's the moon and the sun! The sea and the sky! Mountains and valleys! The mist and dew after--"

"So, you think she's hot?"

"No, that's not what I meant... I mean, uh. Sure, yes, she is... but there's more to her!" he nodded.

"Like what?"

"She's smart and funny! She helps people!"

"Has she helped you?" 

"What! No, why would she?"

"And you still like her?"

John clenched his fists. "Yes, of course. Stop asking silly questions. She's a genuinely good person, that in itself makes her likable!"

"Uh-huh."

"What?"

"God, you really are clueless." Ophelia stood up and stretched.

"Seriously, I've had enough of you." John slammed his locker shut and started walking to class. "I want Pix back."

Ophelia shrugged and popped a new piece of gum into her mouth. "As you wish."


*****[WP] You feel an overwhelming need to take out the trash, shower frequently, and feed the poor. A soft, calming voice whispers compliments in your ear. You've been possessed... by an angel.**
***
 by /u/bunbunhd 
**
John looked at his shoes, wishing he hadn't opened his mouth. The bouquet in his hands felt like a murder weapon and he'd been caught red-handed. 

Maureen glanced sideways at her friends, who all started giggling. John knew that the answer was no. She didn't have to say it out loud. The look on her face said it all. 

Just like every other school event, he'd spend this prom alone. Finally, after a drawn out and far-too-awkward pause, he sighed and dropped the flowers at Maureen's feet and turned away, cheeks burning with embarrassment. 

Back in the safety behind the locker row, he slammed his fist into the sticker-abused metal.

"Idiot," he muttered.

John knew that he didn't have a chance with Maureen, but after getting paired with her the other day in science class, he'd thought... 

"Idiot," he repeated.

"Hey! Be nice to yourself," a voice said behind him.

"Sorry,  I didn't--" he said and turned around, but the words got stuck in his throat.

A girl with white-blonde hair and beaming violet eyes sat on one of the benches behind the locker row, watching him with a concerned expression.

"Take it back," she said, narrowing her eyes.

"What?"

"You're not an idiot, John," she said. "In fact, you're smarter than most kids in your class."

"Who are you?"

"I'm an angel."

Now it was John's turn to laugh. "Oh, of course."

He took out a soda can from his locker and downed the lukewarm content with a grimace. The girl followed his every move as if he was the most interesting thing in the entire world.

"Well, nice meeting you, angel girl," he said with a shrug and tossed the empty can in the trash. It bounced on the side of the bin and landed on the floor. 

The girl looked at him expectantly. "You're going to pick that up, aren't you?"

John rolled his eyes. "Yeah, of course."

"Good!" She clapped her hands excitedly. "Where are we going next?"

"What do you mean 'we'?" John bent down and picked up the can, and finally discarded it. "I'm going home."

"Cool!" The girl stood up and pointed at the bouquet still on the floor next to Maureen's locker. "You should pick that up too."

John took a deep breath, trying to not lash out. He then grabbed his bag and headed out, the girl scampering behind him.

"Hey! That's littering! you know that, right?"

"Leave me alone," John grunted.

The girl gave him an annoyingly wide and toothy smile. "No!"

John shook his head and then started sprinting as soon as he got out of the school. He had more important things to deal with than annoying freshman girls with sanitary fixations.

"Wait for me!" she called out somewhere behind him.

The cars honked at him as he dashed across the street and followed the sidewalk along the park. After a few hundred yards, he slowed down, panting. 

"Phew! You're quite fast for the amount of exercise you put in."

John's eyes went wide. "How? How?"

"I have wings," the girl said, looking over her shoulder. "You can't see them, but they're there."

"Seriously? What do you want?"

"I'm here to help you."

"I don't need your help!" John clenched his fists in annoyance. "I'm fine! Go be an angel for someone else."

"That's not how it works," the girl said, crossing her arms. "Also, I'm offended. That's not how you should act when someone is offering you help."

"Just leave, please."

The girl shrugged. "If you give me five bucks."

John was close to bursting but somehow managed to contain himself. He dug through his pockets and fished out a crumpled bill and handed it over.

"Thank you!" the girl cheered and skipped over to a man sleeping on the sidewalk, dropping the money in his hat.

John shook his head and turned away. It had been a long day, and he needed some rest. He also needed to figure out what do tomorrow. Maybe he'd cut class just to avoid the embarrassment of facing Maureen again. He was just about to cross the street when he heard cheery whistling behind him.

"Seriously?" he said through gritted teeth.

"What? Oh, I lied." The girl grinned. "But it was for a good cause, so it's allowed. That man hadn't eaten in two days."

"How do I get rid of you?"

"You don't! And besides, I can help you with Maureen." The girl clung to his arm. "Can I come, please?"

John glared at the girl, "Absolutely not."

"Pleeeeeeeeaaase!"

People on the street were giving him strange looks. He pressed his mouth into a tight minus. "Fine. But stop being so annoying."

The girl nodded eagerly. "I promise!"

*****[WP] Scientists have finally decrypted Whale songs, and are able to listen in on long distance conversations. After a few weeks of listening in, all research is quickly classified, and NASA starts silent, hurried plans to reach Sirius, even reaching out to other space agencies for help.**
****
*Dedicated to young girl named Sapphira.*
****
**Part 1**

“What about the public?” Musk said. “I’ve always been open about things.”

Roland Luccio sucked on his lower lip intensely and looked at the founder of SpaceX, and then over at Sapphira, who sighed and shook her head.

“The public is not ready for something like this,” Roland said.

“How are we supposed to fund a journey like this in secret? Alpha Canis Majoris is 2.6 parsecs away–that’s, uh, over eight light years.”

Sapphira finally rose from her seat and hurried over to the screen. With a few quick sweeps and taps of her fingers, she drew up the plans for the project. When she first started studying marine biology, she never thought she’d be working on something like this. Two of the world’s most powerful men relied directly on her for a project that would cost… she didn’t even want to think about the numbers.

A solar system popped up on the screen. The white main-sequence star of spectral type at the center, known as Sirius A, was twice as large as our own sun. The system around it looked very different, as well, with another star, a white dwarf called Sirius B, orbiting the center of the system. NASA had spent the last year trying to gather as much information about the system as possible, and nearly all resources had been funneled into the project. Strings had even been pulled with the government, and part of the military funding now went straight into NASA’s pocket. 

The model of the solar system on the screen shifted and zoomed in on a bright blue planet. After decoding the whale song, Sapphira had spent many nights awake, thinking about the implications. She had always thought about night sky's reflection in the sea–the only mirror able to hold the universe on its shiny surface–and it didn’t feel all too strange that some of the creatures living there would somehow be connected to vast expanses of space.

“So, that’s where we’re going?” Musk said and rose from his seat as well.

“I take it you’re interested then,” Roland said and joined the other two.

“Of course, I just wish you’d told me sooner.”

The two men shook hands, and Roland’s lips turned into a smile of relief. Getting Elon Musk and SpaceX on board was crucial and had likely been a significant stress factor to the old NASA director for quite some time now. Their technology on rapid space travel would be crucial for this expedition.

“I’m happy you’ve decided to join us, let’s set up the meetings as soon as possible.”

Musk nodded. “I just have one question: who’ll be the head of this mission? Who will lead the expedition?”

Roland threw out his wrinkly hand and sat back down in the armchair. “My number one pick would be Dr. Sapphira Lake over there.”

Sapphira’s eyes went wide. “B-but I don’t have any astronaut training; I’m just–”

“Of course,” Musk cut her off excitedly, “the person who discovered the whole thing in the first place. A fine choice!”

Sapphira’s heart was racing now. She’d never been out of the country before, and she felt like there must be hundreds, if not thousands, of people more qualified than her. She thought about her cat, Noodle, and wondered who’d take care of him if she left for… another solar system.

“What do you say, Sapphira?” Roland said.

She swallowed and took a deep breath. Was she ready for this? What would her mother say? She played the scenario in her head: ‘Hey, Mom, I’m going to Sirius for a bit–don’t expect me back before Christmas.’ The look on her mother’s face would be a combination of pride and sadness. 

On a mission like this… well, she wouldn’t be returning to Earth, that much was certain. Still, the discovery of the meaning behind the whale song made her shiver. She had to go.

“I’d be honored,” she said and bowed slightly.

“Then it’s settled!” Roland said. “You can start picking out your team, Sapphira – Mr. Musk, let’s continue our talk in private–I have a few propositions I’d like to run by you.”

The two men left the room, and Sapphira found her eyes wandering to the massive clock that adorned the wall. One year and two days left to launch. She was about to leave Earth forever–the thought was dizzying–and the journey there would take so long… she’d be close to forty when they finally reached Alpha Canis Majoris. She couldn’t quite wrap her head around it. She was nineteen now, and by the end of the journey, she would’ve spent more time on board that space ship than on Earth.

Still shaky from the unexpected news, Sapphira turned off the computer and plugged her earphones in. The shrill but soft sounds, echoing through the ocean filled her mind. The song was beautiful and sad–emotions that perfectly portrayed the meanings behind it.
******[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
******
**Part 10**

**Raphael**

The week of celebrations was finally here; I had prepared everything. The plan I’d been working on was coming together – nobody suspected a thing. It had been hard to keep the secret from Xonalie, I knew she wouldn’t understand – but in time she would forgive me.

I marched down to the docks, a smile touching my lips for the first time in months. The boat was ready to take us to wild, unexplored land to the west. We would make ourselves a new home, just the two of us.

“Are you ready?” I called out. “I have a surprise for you!”

Boarding the boat loaded with our belongings, I noticed that something wasn’t right. Xonalie had gone to pick out flowers for the deck this morning, but there were no green or bright colors there, just the polished brown wood. My eyes searched for the azure of her hair or the creamy white of her skin but found neither.

“Xona?”

I hated noise and people talking, and had always found silence calming. For the first time, the silence terrified me – it shoved its claws into my back and ripped open a geyser of icy water down my spine.

“Xona, Baby, are you here?”

After searching the entire boat for her, I turned my face toward the sky. The blue kingdom above now had two rulers instead of one – for the first time since the birth of Atlantis the sun had competition. It was happening already – Arella would be here soon.

I threw myself off the boat and started running up the pier. The City of Glass, reflecting the sunset, winked at me in the distance.

The glittering streets of the city were filled with people. Some had dressed up as the old gods for the occasion; others wore the traditional white and gold dresses of Atlantis – everyone had drinks in their hands and laughter in their faces. The long awaited celebration of Arella was finally here.

Running down the street, I shoved people out of the way – spilling drinks and fruit all over the place. I called out for my wife. 

“Xona! Xona!” My voice sounded hoarse and dry.

I search our home and her beloved garden – I even went to my workshop. She was nowhere to be found. I refused to believe she had abandoned me. I knew Xonalie; she would never betray me like this.

Tirelessly I searched the city, returning to our home and the pier between the laps around the city. My body was starting to give up – I had been running for hours. I stumbled on along the polished streets. The sun had set now, and the phantom candles filled the City of Glass with eerie light from within.

We were supposed to be on the other side of the sea by now – far away from all of this. That’s when I saw her on the crystal steps of the hospital. Her blue hair caught in the updraft from the Carnival fires on the street below. Her pale face turned toward the burning sky.

I started pushing my way through the crowd, longing to hold her in my arms, but the streets were thick with people – I couldn’t get through.

“Xona!” I cried out with the last of my strength.

My voice cracked, but she turned her head toward me. I opened my mouth, but my voice was shattered from all the screaming. I tried my best to signal to her; I needed her to meet me at the pier.

She smiled at me and nodded. Maybe there was still time. I stumbled back the way I’d come. My feet barely lifting off the ground – I glanced at the clock tower – it was pounding out the arrival of the midnight. My iron necklace was ripped from my neck along with everything magnetic in the entire city – my creation was on.

The sky was a cloaked in a shroud of crimson and fiery orange when I finally reached the pier. I jumped on board, looking for Xonalie. She wasn’t there.

Holding my tired body up against the rudder, I noticed a small note.

>Dear Raphael,

>I got some amazing news this morning. The hospital has allowed us to keep the baby permits, even though we’re leaving Atlantis for a while. I just have to go there and fill in some forms. I wanted to tell you as soon as I found out, but you were at work already making those final adjustments you spoke of. I guess I’ll be a few hours late, but then we can watch Arella from the pier.

>You’re going to be a dad, Raphael! And maybe we’ll have one of the first non-Atlantian children in the history.

>Love you,

>Xonalie 


I felt tears rolling down my face as I turned my eyes toward the bleeding sky. It was too late.


Sometimes when I, as a ghost, drifted aimlessly across the continents, I thought of the cracks and fissures as remnants of broken hearts. But looking at the Grand Canyon, I can’t help but wonder if it runs deep and wide enough to represent my own loss.

*****
**Sarah**

Sarah had been talking for a long while. Telling Raphael about her tragic love life, her ups and downs, and her heart breaks. Venting a bit felt good. And even though he hadn't spoken the entire time, she felt like Raphael was a good listener. 

The sun was finally setting over the Tokyo Garden. Sarah sighed and stretched her back out over the grass.

"Did you have any heart breaks in life?" she asked.

****


Thank you for reading!

If you enjoy the stories here and would like to help me out, consider subscribing to my [Patreon]( https://www.patreon.com/lilwa_dexel). Every little bit translates directly into more time that I can spend writing.**[WP] It's 2017, and you suddenly realize that the Internet and all of media is being manipulated by a sentient AI that is actively making humanity dumber. Tonight the internet knows that you know.**
****
**Part 2**

Vic awoke to the feeling of being on a swing. She must’ve passed out from sleep deprivation, dehydration, and stress. She took a sip from the bottle. It was really hard to move around inside the coffin, and the water spilled all over her face. 

One month ago she had been a software developer at GranTech, and now she was hiding from the government inside a dead lady’s coffin. How had it come to this?

Vic massaged her forehead and temples, trying to ease the hammering headache. She had been casually surfing the dark web when she stumbled across a heavily encrypted site. Those were usually smart to stay away from, but the lines of code displayed on the front page felt like an invitation – a puzzle to solve – it felt like someone was challenging her.

She remembered cracking her knuckles before embarking on one of the longest hacker escapades in her life. With every door she opened, another one appeared. It was addicting. The owner of the site was good, but she felt like they were holding back.

Finally, after almost a week in front of the computer, she busted the last lock. The final boss was beaten, and she was ready to claim her reward. A link led to a file called rgb(244, 37, 37).avi.

She remembered swearing out loud. One of her rules was to never watch any videos on the dark web – that’s how you got messed up in the head. Still, she downloaded the file, careful to place it in quarantine. After all that trouble, at least she had to save it for later.

The coffin shook and was then put down with a thud. Vic took a deep breath and munched on a cracker. She hadn’t eaten since yesterday, and her stomach was starting to protest.

Something suddenly landed on the lid of the casket and made Vic spit out the crumbs. What the hell was happening? Then the same thing happened again – a soft pat. Another. And another. Her eyes shot up when she realized what was happening. She put a hand over her mouth not to scream. She was being buried alive.

It took everything in her power not to push the lid open and escape the entombment. She felt tears well up. She had trusted the voice on the phone, and it saved her from getting caught – but this was more serious – could she really trust this stranger with her life? 

Vic had to decide quickly before the layer of dirt became too thick. Open or not? She put her palms against the cushion of the lid and pushed. She’d take her chance in prison – fuck getting buried alive. It didn’t budge. She screamed and pushed. After a while, she was sweating and panting. She found herself wondering how long it’d take before she would suffocate – how many breaths did she have left?

Her lungs filled with air, she tried to make use of every little oxygen molecule. She needed to calm down. Those ASMR videos – she had recently been watching them on youtube to relax, and they seemed to be the only thing able to combat her stress and anxiousness – she tried her best to imagine the soft whispered voice and the gentle patter of rain in her ears.

“You’re good… you’re safe…” she whispered. “Breathe in… breathe out…”

It wasn’t very comforting, but at least the controlled breathing slowed down her heart rate. 

Her thoughts soon found their way back to the dark web video. She had been staring at the file for hours, downing shot after shot of vodka. She wasn’t going to open it – she just needed to take the edge off. 

The cursor hovered over the file. Vic tapped her finger twice. A window popped up, and the video started playing. She braced herself for whatever depraved horror she was about to witness.

A small room with a single table appeared. The angle of the video was almost top down, which made it obvious that the camera was mounted in ceiling – a surveillance feed. A woman and a man entered and sat down at the table. They were gesturing and talking, but there was no sound. After a while, the woman opened her handbag and pulled out an apple-sized metallic orb. The video froze, and a red circle appeared around the orb. Letters in Teneary appeared on the screen in:

> This is how it started – the beginning of the end.

The video cut off and a new one started. Someone was filming a bunch of newspaper articles. Vic was an avid reader and devourer of news, but she didn’t recognize any of the headlines. They were discussing things and places she had never heard of – that nobody had heard of.

>The Hadron Collider, New Breakthroughs

>Parallel Universe? The Latest from CERN!

>Mandela Dead, July 23rd, 1991

>Low York, Once Known as New York?

>”Enjoy Your Final Christmas!” –Queen Elizabeth

>CERN: Portal Successfully Opened!

The list went on and on. Names, dates, and places were changing – celebrities dying in droves. What the hell was CERN? How come nobody knew about it? Who wrote these articles? Vic was sure Nelson Mandela had died in 2013 – she had seen the funeral. It was all so strange. At first, she figured it was news from those prank-websites – but her searches didn’t get any hits – zero. And why would anyone go through the trouble of hiding this video if it was all just a big joke?

There were also charts in the video, showing how the average IQ, all across the globe, was dropping steadily. Everyone was being lulled into a false sense of security. People were happy over Likes on their Instagram photos – an electronic thumbs-up and their day were made – it was so easy for companies to control the emotions of people. All it took was a few electronic downvotes or upvotes to make someone smile or frown. And whoever controlled the companies also controlled the population.

Vic was roughly awoken from her thoughts when something hard slammed against the outside of the casket. It must’ve been hours since she was buried. The lid was suddenly cracked open. And fresh cold air hit her sweaty face.

“Let’s go, Nano – before they return.”**[WP] In a post-apocalyptic era, books of the old world are the most valuable and sought-after treasures. Your grandfather, who just passed, left you a map that supposedly leads to the legendary "Library of Congress."**
***

***
When the bombs first fell, and the world turned gray, my grandfather and I were the only members of our family who survived. The old man was tough as nails, and I can say with certainty that I wouldn’t have lived very long if it wasn’t for him. 

I remember one night in particular. Hunkered down inside an old shack, with barely any rations left, we watched the swirling tongues of the fire lick the inside of an old barrel. The trembling light contoured my grandfather’s face, deepening the wrinkles in his leathery skin.

“Knowledge.” He coughed violently and pulled out a dirty plastic tube. “Very little remains of the old world, especially knowledge.”

Outside, the ashes drifted in the windless air. I had never seen my grandfather open that tube, but he always kept it close to his heart and within arm’s reach. Sometimes it was hard to talk him – he was always a man of action – and for him to open his mouth after quiet-time was highly unusual.

The sun never rose anymore, but you could tell night from day from the drop in temperature. Talking during the cold hours was dangerous, especially inside the husk of a city. You never knew who could be listening in.

“These are the blueprints to the Library of Congress,” my grandfather said, and rolled out a paper with fading ink. “This is where you need to go.”

“You mean ‘we,’ right? This is where *we* need to go.”

The old man gave me a sad smile. “I will follow you as long as these bones will take me. But D.C. is far away, and I’m on my last stroll.”

He coughed into his hand and showed me the blood. I knew he was sick, but I had no idea that it was this bad. He had never before shown me any weakness and had always been the one to keep pushing forward – the next meal, the next fire, the next step along the broken tarmac – he was the strongest man I knew, and at that moment I just shook my head.

“We will get there together,” I said, putting my arms around his skeletal frame. 

My grandfather passed away that night. 

I remember feeling betrayed, storming out of the ruined building, screaming at the dead sky. I was twelve back then, and I couldn’t grasp how he could possibly have left me alone in this place. It was so unfair. I didn’t want that stupid map; I wanted my grandfather.

The drooping lampposts that I’d used to climb suddenly looked like withering flowers to me. I hated what this place had done to him. I know now that he had been struggling with the sickness for a long time – Marissa said so, and she’s a doctor – and that my grandfather had given everything he had to keep me safe. *More* than he had, I sometimes think.

It has taken us almost four years to reach D.C., and my new companions are probably more excited than I am. James keeps talking about all the food he’ll buy when we sell those books, and Marissa can’t wait to get some new medical equipment. I’m still not sure what I’ll do once we get there, but hopefully, whatever we find will be worth the trouble.

*****[WP] When you save someone's life, it becomes forfeit, and they're forever in your debt. Effectively, this means super heroes are some of the largest slave owners on the planet.**
***
*A collaboration series with /u/nickofnight* 
***
**Part 10**

The lights in the subway tunnel flickered. It felt like an eternity since Charles had first joined the resistance. Everything he had worked for had finally come together, but despite watching the news and seeing the graphic imagery of his hated enemy being brought to justice, he didn’t feel complete in the way he thought he would.

The gravel crunched under his boots. The church trusted him now, and nobody had batted an eye when he left in the middle of the night. Nobody had cared when he borrowed a truck, and nobody had looked when he sneaked into the subway maze.

His friends greeted him with open arms, but somehow he wasn’t able to put a smile on his face.

“I need to see her,” he said when the hugging arms finally let go of him.

Nobody here knew what he had done in the church that night. Calvin’s mother still hoped that her boy was alive. Looking these people in the eye was hard.

“I need to see her,” he said again. “Before the execution.”

***


Water dripped from the ceiling, and the tiny concrete cell smelled of iron, urine, and despair. A puddle of coagulating red surrounded the base of the only thing in the room -- an iron maiden. The front of the casket had been forged into the image of an angel spreading her wings and descending from heaven, but instead of a Gloria, horns sprouted from her flowing locks and sharp fangs protruded from a mouth twisted into a hateful grin.
 
The bulky iron door slammed shut behind Charles and left him to the silence and the dripping. It was hard to believe that there was another living soul in there. He had expected whimpers of pain or a muffled voice begging for mercy.

Angrily, he marched up to the iron statue. He could see her eyes in there, through the slits. They were dark and calm, but Charles also thought he could detect a hint of pain. But it was an emotional pain rather than a physical one.

“Do you know how long I’ve waited for this? How hard I’ve worked?” His voice didn’t carry the triumph he had expected and didn’t sound victorious at all.

The Iron Maiden looked at him unblinkingly through the slits. 

“Do you know who I am? You probably don’t, right? What’s one face among the thousands of people that you’ve wronged?”

The Iron Maiden remained silent.

“How does it feel now, huh? How does it feel!”

He slammed his fist against the lid of the casket. He felt the knuckles of his hand flair up. He held up his hand to the slits, showing her the old scar where the tip of her wing had pierced his palm. This time, her eyes showed a brief flicker of emotion, but it wasn’t regret -- it was pity.

Charles took a deep breath, trying to still his anger. He wanted this to last, but he also wanted to see her. He unscrewed the sides of the angel’s head and opened the lid of the device’s face. 

Tiny red holes pricked the face of the woman inside the iron maiden, and streaks of dark dried blood ran down her cheeks and forehead. Her emerald hair was tangled and crusted, her lips chapped and broken. She looked a lot younger than Charles remembered, but maybe that was because he had never seen her without the iconic winged mask of steel.

He pulled out the wet foul-smelling rag from her mouth. “Speak!”

“What… what do you want me to say?” she said tiredly. 

“That you’re sorry for all the pain you’ve caused! That you regret ruining the lives of an entire city! I want you to beg for forgiveness...” Charles held up a wrinkled photo of his wife. “I want you to remember!”

“You feel betrayed… that your life was stolen from you...”

Her voice was soft and very different from the one that haunted his dreams -- the one that told him to start digging a grave for his wife.

“You have no idea what betrayal feels like.”

“But I do,” she whispered. “How do you think I ended up in this situation? The very people I tried to help…”

“You’re lying.”

“I’m not the hero that I’m made out to be by the church -- I’ve made mistakes that cannot be erased. But I’m not the villain either. All I’ve ever wanted was to keep the people safe and fed.”

“You’re lying!”

“Emily understood.”

Charles’ eyes went wide. “Don’t you dare--”

“She wanted to stop the famine. She was strong. She gave her everything to help people. The disease killed her, not the workload.”

“The disease…” Charles mumbled.

***
Margaret’s body on the slab, blood seeping down the chin. 

“They’re… they’re going to kill them *all*, Charles.”

“All?”

“Not just the Oathbreakers. *All* of them.” She coughed, and a fresh stream of blood poured out. “Catherine… Mother Pacem… they’re going to… put it in the water...” 

“Put what in the water?”

“She created the disease… tested it on the workers…”

“What are you talking about?”

Her eyes were big. “It’s all a lie… The Maiden tried to stop it... gave her own blood to make a cure… but my mother… she’s turned it into a new… incurable disease… the entire population… everyone except the closest followers of the church… will die...”

***

“Your execution is tomorrow,” Charles said.

She sighed and closed her eyes.

Charles leaned down and started unscrewing the locks on the sides of the casket. 

“Y-you believe me?” she breathed.

“I don’t know. I believe that the disease is real. And I believe that I need you to stop it. But know this -- I am saving your life, and that means you owe me a life debt. When all this is done, I’m going to ask you to turn yourself over again. Do you agree?”

“Yes…”  

The lid of the device swung open. The church posters always portrayed The Iron Maiden as tall, strong, and with steel in her eyes. That’s what he remembered seeing in the field all those years ago. But the naked woman covered in blood, who fell out of the casket and into his arms, felt small and brittle -- not at all the heartless heroine that he had come to hate.

*****[EU] It's time for the Russian revolution, complete with light-sabers. This is... Tsar Wars!**
*****



******




(Preferably played at the same time)

**Episode IV (Part 1)**

Vladimir Lenin had just lifted his old  out of the deep swamps of Nepal. He had finally managed to rally all the reluctant monks of the temple for a common cause. He felt the force of communism filling his entire being. 

“I am ready,” he said triumphantly in Russian.

”To Petrograd, you must go, young Lenin.” As the old monk wasn’t a native speaker, it was hard for him to keep his Russian flawless. “But ready, you are not.”

*****

A few months later Lenin arrived at the capitol. From afar he could see the perfect square formations of the forces of Emperor Nicholas II, their uniforms completely white in the snowstorm.

Along the way to Russia, Lenin had come across many communist rebels and had met the beautiful and charming Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia, as well as a brash and cocky Lithuanian book smuggler and his dancing bear.

The Tsar Empire’s artillery had already leveled Moscow. There was no time to be lost. Lenin drove the AMO-F-15 straight towards the heart of Petrograd, with only one mission in mind.

The time had finally come to strike back. Lenin could hear the words of his master in the back of his mind: *In unity there is strength, trust in the force of communism and let fairness and solidarity guide your steps.*

He rolled down the window and threw the first pamphlet of the communist manifesto into the street. Deeper and deeper he penetrated into the city. Finally, he reached the Imperial Palace and released the motherload from the back of his truck, right on the Tsar’s doorstep. 

*****
**Episode V (Part 2)**

*It is a dark time for the communist rebellion. Although Petrograd has been destroyed by the communist propaganda, Imperial Troops have driven the rebel forces from their hidden bases and pursued them across Russia.* 

*Evading the dreaded Imperial Steamfleet, a group of freedom fighters led by Lenin has established a new secret base in the remote ice world that is Siberia.*

*The evil lord Dmitry Vadanya, obsessed with finding young Lenin, has dispatched thousands of search dogs into the far reaches of Russia…*

*****
Scouting the icy perimeter of their base, Lenin stumbled into a Yeti, but due to his wits and his steadfast beliefs that size does not matter in a communist world, he managed to defeat the beast in a close debate on the topic of proletarian internationalism, and gained another follower in the process.

*****
Upon returning to the base, Lenin discovered that the Tsar’s forces were already upon them. After a semi-incestuous approach from Grand Duchess Anastasia – who Lenin would later learn was his sister – Lenin managed to escape the Tsar’s reach once more on an old steamboat that belonged to the infamous book smuggler and his dancing bear.
*****
A few months later Lenin and his crew arrived on the Norwegian coast and were greeted by one of the smuggler’s old friends, Lars Carlson. Unbeknownst to them, in his greed, Lars Carlson had sold them out to the Tsar and to Dimitry Vadanya.

On a cliff near the cloud city of Bergen, Vadanya and Lenin engaged in a violent dispute over the workers’ self-management, which escalated into a debate on the topic of common ownership. While Vadanya's whole argument rested on the fact that Karl Marx was indeed the father of communism, Lenin showed Vadanya that the father wasn’t as important as the movement itself.

In the end, Lenin managed to escape the clutches of Vadanya, with the Raised Fist Symbol in the back of his mind.

*****

**Episode VI (Part 3)**

*Lenin has returned to his hometown Tatarsk in an attempt to rescue his friend the Lithuanian book smuggler from the clutches of the vile gangster Jaagup of Huttszky.*

*Little does Lenin know that the Tsar Empire has secretly begun construction on a new handbook to a totalitarian regime, even more powerful than the first dreaded Manual of the Imperial Class System.*

*When completed, this ultimate weapon will spell certain doom to the small band of communist rebels struggling to bring collective leadership and a classless society to Russia...*  

*****
Grand Duchess Anastasia, disguised as a Bratva hitman, attempted to infiltrate the Huttszky palace and rescue the Lithuanian book smuggler from the gulags, only to end up there herself. Luckily for them, Lenin and Lars Carlson were there as well, and together they managed to choke the mafia boss on a silvery chain of rhetoric on the value of commune and free association.
*****

Escaping Tatarsk, Anastasia tried to rally the communist rebels into a full force, while Lenin took a quick detour to Nepal, where he found his old master on his deathbed, who confirmed that Dimitry Vadanya was previously known by another name – Grigory Rasputin – and was in fact an old Father-Marx-advocate who had been seduced by the powers of capitalism.

*****
While the battle raged outside the imperial palace, Lenin met up with Emperor Nicholas II and Dimitry Vadanya, who tried to offer him the wealth and power of capitalism. Knowing about Vadanya/Rasputin’s past, Lenin countered by trying to turn the Emperor’s closest man against him. In a frizzling combat of words, Lenin faced off against Vadanya once again. Sickle and hammer vs. greed and money. Sparks flew as the polished arguments and refined rhetoric clashed. But seeing the son of communism in his purest state, Vadanya was once again convinced about the communist cause and ended up throwing the emperor off the palace balcony. 

And with that, the Tsar Empire crumbled and a new union was formed under the name of Soviet.**[WP] At the age of 18, people are given one superpower of their choice. While your friends and acquaintances choose super strength, flight, invisibility, telekinesis, they make fun of you for your “nerd” power. You decide to show them just how powerful manipulation of the strong nuclear force is.**
***
They're the light of my life. Bouncy, happy, nuggets of hope, who run through the concrete corridors of the facility, laughing and playing. There are twenty of them in total. 

My children. My students.

Each of them unique in their own way. Each little face, beaming with excitement and thirst for knowledge. I always hated school. The teachers, my classmates. The only subject I excelled at was physics, and I guess that was all due to Mr. Peterson. Some people are just born to teach, I guess, and have the ability to light the spark of excitement within the minds of the most unwilling of students.

"Class dismissed." My voice cuts through the chatter. "Michael, stay after class please."

As the others pack up their projects and rush out of the dimly lit classroom, Michael crosses his arms. His thick brown hair falls in front of his eyes. He hasn't bothered to open the textbook today, but I can't be angry with him.

He is me.

As the last of his classmates file out of the room, I wave him over. "Boring subject?"

He shakes his head. "I don't see the point."

"Of learning biology?"

"Yes," he mumbles and kicks at the floor. "We read about animals and plants... things we've never seen. Things that aren't real."

"They might be one day."

"If Annie wants them to be..."

I nod. "That's right. She really loves nature, even though she's never seen it."

Michael shifts on the spot. "I don't know how she can. I don't know how John and Lisa and Frederick can."

The real answer is that I've nudged them all in the right direction from the very start. That they're the future. I've tried my best to give them a vivid imagination. Their own little oases of ideas.

"Have you thought of something you might be interested in mastering?" I say, ignoring his question. "Is there anything that you find particularly interesting?"

He stands in silence for a while, looking at his hands. "Remember the stories you used to tell us when we were little? I liked those."

I do remember. Of course, I remember. "Remind me."

He gazes up into the ceiling, his eyes filling with dreamy excitement. "Laura, who could fly over the rooftops of the cities... Don, who could lift fifty people with one hand..." He lowers his voice to a whisper. "The evil villain..."

"Oh, yes. Those stories. What is it that you find interesting about them?"

"Last philosophy class we talked about right and wrong and moral. And, I, uh, I don't remember what made the villain evil or what he did. I just remember him being evil."

I lean over the desk, my face tight. They were so young back then, and I was an inexperienced parent and teacher. I never thought anyone would remember.

"He hurt a lot of people. He was a very bad man," I say, carefully.

"What happened to him?" 

"He died." My voice is final and invites no further questions. "Try to think of a subject you'd like to focus on. A few more weeks and you'll be twelve like Annie."

Michael doesn't look particularly happy with my answer, but scampers off with his tiny fists clenched. 

I take the elevator up to my office, darkness seeping into my mind. I'd vowed to leave that all behind me. I'd sworn to never use my powers again. Make amends. Foster a group of children with the abilities to restore the world. When Annie turned eighteen she would choose the power of growing plants. John would blow the clouds away. Lisa would clean the oceans. Each of them would have a job and a calling. They would each be a god of their domain.

Reluctantly, I draw back the blinds to the only window in the fortified facility. Just like Michael, I need to be reminded. 


"They made fun of him..." I mutter as the barren landscape of dust and debris unfolds before me. Drifting smog. Ashes and craters. Slouching streetlamps like dead metallic flowers. A sky that is ever dark. "...and he showed them."**[WP] You are the Evil Overlord. You have kidnapped the princess. Unfortunately, she developed Stockholm Syndrome. And she is far more evil and insane than you are.**
***

***

> Dear, Valor Man

> I’ve been kidnapped, and need your help. I’m being held against my will in the Nefaro Tower. Please hurry!

> Love,

> Princess Ailyn <3

The wall exploded in a cloud of mortar dust. The entire building trembled. I added an extra heart before looking up from the letter. I popped it into the mailbox as I rose to my full height.

“Stop right where you are, Dr. Devious!” said the young superhero. 

“Ah… Mr….” I cleared my throat and glanced at my cheat note. “Ah, Mr. Teen Speed! You’ve made a grave mistake, stumbling into my little abode!”

I gave him a practiced maniacal cackle. 

“Tell me where Princess Ailyn is, right now, and I’ll let you walk away with nothing worse than a few bruises.” The masked boy puffed out his chest. “I’m going to count to three. One…”

“Hah! That’s the best you got? Preschool maths!?”

The hero grumbled and stopped counting. In a flash he blazed across the room, grabbing me from behind. I struggled a little, just enough to make it convincing.

“Arrgh! It seems you have me bested…” I grunted, putting on a strained face. “I knew you were powerful… uh, Teen Speed, but I had no idea just how!”

“That’s right, Dr. Devious! Now, hand her over.”

At that very moment, the door to my office opened and Ailyn trotted in, carrying the sandwich with extra salami that I had asked for. Her happy grin melted away. Her dark eyes narrowed, and she looked at me sideways.

“Okay, listen to me really closely,” I whispered in the hero’s ear. “Before you touch her, check her clothes for concealed weapons and explosives. And whatever you do, don’t look her in the eyes… and make sure you wash your hands after you’re done rescuing her… and also make sure you take her really far away… and if she asks you to wear a kryptonite ring, refuse… and hmm… don’t give her your real identity or social security number… I mean, I shouldn’t have to tell you this, but just the other week-”

“Shut up, you snake,” the hero said and pushed me to the ground.

He blazed over to Ailyn, who now brandished a worried frown and a trembling lip. Fake, of course, but Teen Speed didn’t seem to notice. He smiled broadly and lifted her off the ground. She giggled childishly and put her arms around his neck.

“Thank you for saving me!” she said, blushing deeply. “How will I ever repay you?”

“Don’t worry, darling, it’s my job.”

“Aww! You’re so brave! At least, let me give you this small token of my appreciation.” She pouted her lips.

“Noooo! Don’t!” I cried, but it was already too late.

The kiss drained the hero’s face of color, he frothed at the mouth and then fell into a twitching heap on the floor.

“We make such a good team!” Ailyn stepped over his body and helped me up. “You should’ve told me he was coming, it was just sheer luck that I had my poisonous lipstick on.”

I rolled my eyes and returned to my desk. I started composing another letter for help. Forging her handwriting had become second nature to me, and I meant every word in every letter.

“Bury him in the backyard with the others,” I mumbled.

“Yes, honey!” 

She started dragging the body across the floor, which was no easy task for her, but one that she happily did for me.

“Oh, by the way,” she said, huffing, “look in the top drawer. I think you’ll like it, I came up with the idea myself.”

Reluctantly, I reached under the table and pulled out a stack of stickers. “What are they?”

“It’s stickers that look like wall sockets! Let’s take a trip to the airport tomorrow.”

I felt the muscles in my jaw clench. I shook my head in disbelief, feeling nauseous. Someone had to come save me from her, and soon!**[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
****
**Part 16**

A red scorpion crawled across the floor. Each of its eight legs grated against the planks. It skittered forward and, like flint striking steel, tiny sparks flew. It left a blazing trail behind, setting furniture and curtains on fire. 

Snapping its claws, the scorpion approached the crib where a small girl with vanilla hair slept. Screams and coughing rang through the house as the creature scaled the leg of the crib.

“Leera!”

The roaring fire in the room danced in the scorpion’s tiny black eyes. It moved closer, raising its stinger.

“Leera, wake up!”

*****

Leera awoke to Bryne shaking her. Groggily, she looked around. The lantern in the ceiling swayed peacefully and shed a trembling light over Andromeda’s cabin.

“You were screaming,” Bryne said and took a step back.

The dream was one she’d had many times before, but Aelar had always been there, killing the scorpion and lifting her out of the crib. Now he was nowhere to be seen. It was the first time he hadn’t been there to save her.

“Sorry,” Leera said, and put her hand on her damp forehead. “Bad dream.”

Ever since they left Oceanpeak two nights ago, the red scorpion had been creeping through Leera’s mind. She kept seeing the candle room and the cloaked man with the same tattoo as Bryne and Maya.

“Can I see your arm?”

Bryne nodded with a smug smile on his face. He flexed his bicep. Leera rolled her eyes.

“I meant the tattoo – the scorpion!”

Bryne sat down and placed his arm in her lap. Leera ran her fingers over the red ink. “Who else has these?”

“What do you mean?”

“Maya told me it was the mark of the Re’dorai.”

“She did, did she?” Bryne grinned. “Well yeah, there were originally twelve of us. Now it’s only me and Maya left.”

“What happened to the others?”

“Ah, you know, what eventually always happens when you have a group of professional blades working together… greed, betrayal, and swift death.”

“The night when the crypt stalker came…” Leera said and propped herself up on the pillow. “I saw man in a room full of candles… I think he was controlling it… he had the red scorpion on his arm. Was there anyone like that?”

Bryne’s grin seemed to melt off his face. He shook his head. 

“Tell me!” Leera said.

“There’s nothing to tell; the man is dead.”

“So there was someone like that?”

“Yeah, Ryze… a mundane who turned to ancient arcana for power – he was a really bad apple – Maya killed him when he started going after children. That was our one rule.”

Leera had heard stories about the sorcerers of the old days who drew their power from symbols and idols, instead of the elements. Just like the dragons, Leera had always thought they were a myth. 

“So, he’s dead. You’re certain?”

Bryne nodded and went back to his cot. “Get some sleep.”

Soon, Leera heard him snoring, but she didn’t feel tired anymore. She stared at the wooden ceiling for a while, then rolled out of bed and headed outside. The stars glittered like snowflakes against the night sky, and the wind blew softly over the deck.

“Quite the night,” Quick said and took a sip from his teacup. “They say that the stars above Ignis shine the brightest.”

“Ignis?”

“We’ll cross a lot of borders soon. The Skein is where the all the nations meet – it is a four-way passage through the mountains, and as such, one of the most sought-after strategical points in all of Fawe. The Temple of Minah is a safe haven on that battlefield.” 

“Why did we take Andromeda then – surely it would’ve been easier to sneak in without it?” Leera said.

“Oh, deary me, I almost forgot! There’s a gift for you in the cargo hold.”

Leera padded over to the hatch and pulled it open. Nine square-shaped haversacks filled the small compartment. Her eyes lit up. 

“I went on a little trip while you were seeing your brother. Those are the ninety tablets."

Smiling, Leera eagerly opened the first one and pulled out a random tablet. It shone bright golden in the moonlight. She had longed to feel the material between her palms and in her mind. A complex pattern of tiny bright marbles winded around itself, twisting into an endless row of face-centered cubes. The surface was smooth with the exception of a few imprints, which were so small that she only noticed them because of the irregularity in the crystal-like structure.

“Minah,” she read out loud. “Uruna, Darius, Vadic…”

Leera continued down the long list of names. They felt familiar as they rolled over her tongue, almost as if they were distant relatives that she had forgotten about. When she came to the last name, she gasped and pulled her hand back. She glanced at the big man who was leaning against the rudder, gazing up at the stars.

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

“It was a long time ago,” he said and ran a hand through his beard. 

She took a big breath and read the last name. “Quick.”

“A long, long time ago...” he muttered, “…in another life, entirely.”

“You’re an Iso-bender too!”

“Not anymore.” Quick shook his head and sipped his tea. “That’s why we’re taking the ship – the last of my powers are now yours. I hope they’ll serve you better than they did me.”

Carefully, Leera put the tablet back and hugged him. She could only imagine what it must be like, losing your powers.

“It's not a burden; it's a relief,” Quick whispered as if reading her mind. “My time is over now, and yours is beginning… the world needs your heart, Leera Eirey.”

Far below, battle cries and the clanking noise of steel meeting steel echoed through the night.

*******[WP] You feel an overwhelming need to take out the trash, shower frequently, and feed the poor. A soft, calming voice whispers compliments in your ear. You've been possessed... by an angel.**
***
New? 


***
**Part 7**

On his way to chemistry class, John passed a prom poster. He cringed just by looking at it. On the bright side, people had stood in line to ask Maureen, and she had yet to say 'yes.' Knowing he wasn't alone made his rejection sting a bit less and at the same time light a small candle of hope. 

He was just about to enter the classroom when he heard an excited squeal. He spun around and barely had time to react before Pix hug-tackled him to the ground. 

"I missed you!" she cried, her violet eyes tearing up with joy.

"Ugh," was all John managed as tried to sit up, pushing the angel off him.

"Hey, so what happened when Ophelia was here? Did you learn anything? She's pretty cool, right? She's like a few centuries older than me, but by the time--Wait, where are you going?"

"I'm late for class," John muttered.

Ophelia had made him realize something. Despite Pix's annoying personality, he had missed her too. Of course, he couldn't tell her that because then she would become completely insufferable. Instead, he kept his mouth shut and marched into the classroom. 

By now, he had accepted that angels were real, and wasn't too surprised to see Pix waiting for him next to Maureen. He hoped he would be able to make it through the remainder of the hour without making a fool of himself. He had celebrated on the inside when he was first paired with her for this project, but now he was just nervous.

"Compliment her hair!" Pix whispered.

John shook his head. He would keep it pure business from here on out. 

The teacher started talking and his mind drifted. It wasn't until she addressed him that he stirred from his thoughts.


"John, are you doing quite all right?" Mrs. Huxby said, unable to keep the icy undertone out of her voice.

"Oh, uh, yeah, totally."

"Okay, why don't you read out the assignment while everyone gets their supplies out." Mrs. Huxby strode toward the door. "I'll be right back."

Everyone in the room started shuffling toward the storage cabinets. John looked at the chapter and started reading out the chemicals and reagents that they would use. He didn't pay much attention to the task and instead watched Maureen on the other side of the room, digging through a cabinet to get their things. Why did he always embarrass himself when she was around?

From that moment, everything went so fast that John didn't even have time to react. There was a loud fizzing sound, and the girl, Lisa, at the table next to him screamed. Her pot boiled and sputtered. John felt a sting in his eyes. He wasn't sure what was happening, but Lisa was panicking. 

John wasn't typically a man of action, but all his classmates just seemed stunned. A few had pulled up their phones and were recording it. Nobody went to help Lisa. John felt dizzy, his vision started to blur.

"Someone get Mrs. Huxby!" he screamed and grabbed Lisa around the waist. 

He remembered vaguely that there was an emergency shower in the corner of the classroom, and that's where he dragged her. His heart hammered in his chest as he turned on the shower. Black stars dotted his vision. And hot tears streamed down his cheeks. He wasn't sure why he was crying -- stress maybe -- but hopefully nobody would notice.

***

John woke up to the sound of a low-frequency beeping noise. He looked around but saw only darkness. The room shook, sending sharp skewers of pain into his head. Something cold covered his face, and a hand closed around his wrist when he tried to pull it away. 

”Try not to move,” a voice said. ”You’re in an ambulance. You had an accident.”

”My eyes hurt,” John complained, feeling yet another burst of liquid fire pumped into his brain through the eye sockets. 

A soft hand touched the side of his cheek, and he heard a familiar voice in his ear. 

”I’m here for you.”

John took a shuddering breath and let the darkness swallowing again.

***

Darkness still enveloped John when he awoke again. Instead of blood, it felt like lead seeped through his veins, and as if someone had replaced his skull with a bobblehead. He tried to sit up but lost his balance and fell back onto the pillows again.

He drifted in and out of consciousness for a long time, but he always felt safe and taken care of. The soft hands wiped the sweat from his brow, touched his arm, and gave him water.

”What happened?” he mumbled.

”You were in an accident,” Pix said with uncharacteristic gravity in her voice.

”I... I remember... Lisa spilled water in the acid...”

”Some of it got into your eyes.”

John’s stomach dropped. ”I’m... I am going to be okay... right?”

Pix sighed and put her arms around him. ”I’m so sorry, John.”

***

A week passed in the hospital. John’s parents visited during the days, but at night, only Pix kept him company. She sat on his bedside and provided him with an unceasing stream of encouragement. Her presence made his loss of sight seem less fatal somehow. His life wasn't over. When he needed to cry, she lent him her shoulder. When he needed to laugh she managed to entertain him. 

The doctors did what they could, but in the end, they only managed to restore a few of his fried optical nerves. He would never be able to see properly again.

Returning to school was easier than expected. Everyone treated him as a hero for saving Lisa’s life, especially Maureen. And one day after class, she took him by the hand and led him into an empty classroom. 

”Hi, how are you feeling?” she said, leaning in so close that he could smell her coconut perfume. 

John swallowed. ”Ugh, I’ve been better. But at least the band-aid is coming off today.”

”I know.” Maureen ran her fingers down the side of his face. ”I asked your mother if I could be the one to take it off...”

”Oh, uh... okay.”

A jolt of nervousness surged through his body, but he felt a reassuring hand on his shoulder.

”Okay, here goes...” Maureen said and gently started peeling the dressing off his face.

The cold air on his face was so refreshing that a smile spread across his lips. He kept his eyes closed, trying to get his pulse to slow down. 

”Let me see your eyes,” Maureen said.

Slowly, John opened his eyelids. Ever since the first day he’d dreaded this moment. At first, it was like looking into a bottle of ink, but then he saw shadows and light. He saw the burning contours of a girl. 

”What do you see?” Maureen said.

John didn’t answer, her voice just felt distant somehow.

”Okay, you don’t have to tell me now,” Maureen continued. ”I never gave you a proper answer about prom. But I’d love to go with you if you’re still up for it.”

John just stared. There was nothing but darkness and the girl made of light. Maureen kept talking, but her sentences didn’t latch into his mind. He registered the words ’I like you’ and ’date’ but that was it.

John closed his eyes again. Feeling his blood beating in his ears.

”I, uh, I need to be alone for a bit,” he mumbled, cutting her off.

”Oh, Of course,” Maureen said. ”I’ll be right outside.”

He heard her footsteps leaving the room.

”What are you doing?” Pix said, unable to conceal her annoyance. ”She just asked you out!”

John nodded. ”I know.”

”But why?”

”Because I’m finally able to see clearly.” He opened his eyes again, taking in the bright light that burned around Pix like a halo of gold. ”I’ve been a jerk and an idiot all this time, and still you believed in me and stood by my side. You kept me company and always reassured me when I needed it the most. I'm sorry for how I treated you.”

He crossed the room and took Pix his arms. She looked up at him in surprise, her eyes like blazing suns and her wings rising like golden sails behind her.

”B-but I’m an angel...” she whispered.

”Yes,” John said and pressed his lips against hers. ”My angel.”

**The End****[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
*****
**Part 17**

The Temple of Minah rested on a crag inside a grove of silver firs. Snow-tipped peaks draped the valley in constant shadow and formed a natural crossroad with gates leading into each country. On the way down, Leera had seen the formations of the four armies, locked in a permanent tug-of-war.

The red and black banners of Ignis flapped proudly on top of the hulking coal-guzzling war machines. Scantily clad fire-benders took cover behind a wall of shields carried by knights in black plate armor. Every so often, these flame-haired marauders peeked out to launch a ball of fire at a nearby formation of Humus troops.

The green and brown plumes of the earth folk, shuddered from the updraft as fiery explosions erupted all around. A tower of rock plowed through the thick mud like an oddly shaped battleship. On the deck, Leera noticed a fierce melee between earth- and air-benders.

Wherever she looked, the chaotic battle was raging. She saw a battalion of water folk, with their coral standards and turquoise shell armor, being shredded by the swooping blades of the Caeli Sky Knights. She saw fire-benders drowning in a flood that surged across the battlefield. She heard screams in her own tongue before a roaring avalanche silenced them, burying their owners in the depths.

Tears filled Leera’s eyes. Why, she thought, why this endless bloodshed? Quick put a hand on her shoulder.

“The Eternal Battlefield is a daunting sight,” he said solemnly. “It is said that whoever witnesses the Bonewaste will be forever changed.”

“This is… so wrong,” Leera said. “It needs to stop.”

She wiggled out of Quick’s hands, and before anyone could protest she dove off Andromeda’s stern. 

The bashing of shields and screams of pain and triumph echoed between the mountainsides. Leera landed on a field of gray ashes littered with skulls and bones. A wild skirmish whirled around her.

“Stop!” she screamed as loud as she could. “No more killing! No more death!”

With gusts of wind, she desperately tore the combatants away from each other, but they just charged right back in as soon as she let go. She didn’t even know which sides the soldiers were on, all she cared about was breaking up the fight.

Leera closed their helmets over their eyes and bent their swords out of shape, but they kept swinging blindly at each other. Despite her best efforts, they were dying around her. As soon as one fell, someone else took their place. 

What could she do against such unquenchable hatred? Even with the ability to bend all the elements, she was powerless to sway the hearts of these men. With a sigh, she sank to her knees. What was the point of being an Iso-bender if she couldn’t stop the bloodshed? Wasn’t this her responsibility?

She let out a sob, which instantly drowned in the screams nearby. A banner landed in the ashes in front of her – the white eagle had smears of blood in its feathers and was no longer a symbol of hope and freedom, but one of death and suffering. 

The world spun slowly around her. The skirmish was reaching its end. A body landed with a thud and a puff of ashes. The warriors around her looked toward the sky before turning to the new body and started hacking away at it.

Leera slowly lifted her hand, and with tears rolling down her cheeks, she pushed the warriors away and raised a barrier of stone to block them off. She crouched over the fallen body. His face was slick with blood, and one of his eyes was swollen shut. Without the disfiguring bruises and cuts, his face would’ve been proud and strong. His shoulder length hair had been colored in deep maroon from all the blood.

Leera melted the armor off his body and placed her ear on his chest. There was a faint rasping gurgle. If he weren't dead already, he would be soon. It felt like a pointless undertaking, but she still put her hand on one of his bruises and rubbed it gently – just like she had done to her own scrapes and cuts all those years ago. She closed her eyes and tried to mend his ruptured skin and his shattered insides. The man groaned as Leera bent his skin to close the wounds and stop the bleeding. Piecing together his broken bones only seemed to make it worse.

Leera wasn’t sure if she was helping him or not. Determined to save his life, she turned his armor into a stretcher and made it float in front of her toward the grove. Maybe Quick could teach her how to heal properly.

As Leera passed Andromeda, Bryne gave her a concerned look.

“Where is Quick?” she said. “Please, where is he?”

“He went inside,” Bryne said and hurried after her toward the temple. “Who is that?”

“I don’t know, but he’s dying.”
****
Leera had imagined the Temple of Minah to be massive and grand, but it was no larger than her cottage back in Jane’s Spire. Cold and austere, the stone floor of the temple was empty, and the only piece of furniture in the room was a small altar with a tablet on it.

Quick stood with his back to the entrance, talking to a girl in a white and red dress. If Leera hadn’t seen the girl’s face and her bosom, she would’ve thought it was a child. Her arms were like saplings, and she could easily have hidden her entire self behind Quick’s left leg. Her violet hair, partially hidden under a headscarf, flowed behind her, almost brushing against the floor, and her eyes had a bright green sheen as if fireflies lived inside her eyeballs.

The tiny girl looked at Leera and then at the bloodied knight. She let out a horrified gasp.

“What have you done!” she cried in a shrill voice. “You’ve broken the sacred vow!”

“The man needs help,” Leera said.

“You can’t bring him in here – this is the Temple of Minah – this is a haven of peace!”

“I don’t care – he’s going to die if he doesn’t get help.”

The girl threw up her thin arms and scowled at Leera. “Humans die. The battlefield beyond the hallowed grove is a testament to that. Even if you save one, thousands will die still.”

Leera turned to Quick. “Please?”

Quick shook his head. “He has already passed on.”

“He’s not… he’s…” Leera placed her head on his chest again.

It was quiet. No more rasping or gurgling breaths. Leera felt her throat tying itself into a knot. Fresh tears mixed with the dried ones on her cheeks.

“Naïve – why are they always so naïve?” The tiny girl paced back and forth fidgeting nervously with her dress. “They’ll come now. Oh, yes, they will. Yes, they will.”

“You can’t save everyone. Take that to heart, Miss Eirey,” Quick said. “That’s an important lesson.”

“No…” Leera whispered and turned away from the others. “You’re wrong.”

“It’s never about being right or wrong; it’s about–”

“No!” Leera cried and slammed her fist into the stone floor. “Get out! GET OUT!”

The floor shuddered and cracked open. Walls rose out of the ground, closing off the temple around Leera, leaving Quick and the other two wide-eyed on the outside.

Leera touched her left wrist – the one she had broken trying to fly out of the orphanage, and then sprained again, escaping from the crypt stalker. The diminutive marbles of her skin shifted and vibrated in a multicolored palette. She took a deep breath.

“Pain is not real,” she mumbled and rolled up her sleeve.

She didn’t remember who had said it, but the words were comforting. Perhaps it was Aelar?

One by one, she stopped the buzzing movement of the marbles in her hand and wrist. It felt like she had dipped it in a bucket of ice laced with searing hot needles – it felt like someone was pulling her bones out of her hand with a pair of pliers. Shivering and sweating, she leaned over the fallen soldier. Her hand was bright and translucent – it took everything she had to keep it from falling apart.

On the verge of fainting, Leera carefully put her hand through his chest, closing her fingers around his heart. She gave it a gentle squeeze and filled his lungs with fresh air.

Nauseous and dizzy from the pain in her hand, the room blurred for Leera. The candles danced like will-o-wisps in the flickering darkness. A song echoed between the walls – perhaps it was the walls of her mind and not the temple – it sounded familiar, like a distant childhood memory. Was it only her imagination when a shadow in her periphery shifted and started moving across the room toward her?

The shadow collided with the candlelight and joined it in dance. Two opposites, spinning, bending, intertwining – coryphées of light and darkness, of good and evil, of life and death, fighting for the honor to lead the ballet. 

Sudden warmth filled the temple as the light grew limbs and a shimmering body. Maybe the pain was conjuring hallucinations, but the light felt like candles on a birthday cake, like dawn over the Sleet Mire – it felt like home.

Then a soft voice came from the light. It was filled with love, compassion, and patience. It reminded her of Quick, but it had the tenderness of a woman.

“Glittering Stardust… the most treasured gem… both hard and soft…the sixth element should only be touched by the purest of our kind.” Leera felt the last tablet tumble into her lap. 

“Please…” Leera gasped, struggling to remain conscious.

“Shaping a diamond… or waking a star… requires tremendous power, Leera Eirey… but bending a heart – *that* is the hardest task of all.”

“Please!”

“You already have it within you – you were given this gift a long time ago.” 

Leera suddenly felt the heart of the man shudder and start beating in her hand. As she pulled her burning hand out, the figure of light dispersed. But the darkness drew closer, slithering its shadowy tendrils around her neck.

“What a nice gift…” it whispered. “Are you ready for mine?”

Leera felt a sharp sting in her thigh. Through her tears, she saw the blurry outline of something red, skittering across the floor. 

*****



Hope you guys enjoyed this extra long episode! It was a difficult one to write (stylistically) and took a long time. The dancing/wrestling figures (light/darkness) were quite hard to pin down on the paper. Tell me what you think!

Last week, I posted a second "Bend, Extra" episode over at , so check that out if you haven't already.

Also, today is the last chance to enter the  and guess the stories on the subreddit banner! Post your answers in the comments over there or send me a PM! (I've gotten a lot of good entries already, and that's really cool! Check the thread tomorrow to see all the correct answers as well as the winner(s)!

Have a nice weekend! :)

Lilwa**[WP] In a post-apocalyptic era, books of the old world are the most valuable and sought-after treasures. Your grandfather, who just passed, left you a map that supposedly leads to the legendary "Library of Congress."**
***
New?  for the first part.
***
**Part 4**

We hid in a caved-in basement stairwell that night, lying really close to each other for heat. The cries and lamentations from the meat farmers’ slaves echoed through the broken city. And even though exhaustion bit into every muscle, sleeping became impossible. Instead, we waited silently for the gray sky to darken, and give us cover.

According to my grandfather’s sketch of the area, The Library of Congress would be situated near the center of the flattened field. From our position, we had to walk straight toward the Washington Monument for about two miles. We had to find the building’s massive foundation beneath all the rubble. And we had to dig up the staircase to the basement. A note at the bottom of the map read:

>Find the horsemen.

I wasn’t sure what that meant, and I didn’t have a memory of my grandfather telling me anything about that. Each hour we waited drained me of confidence in the plan – the odds of us finding the entrance was a lot slimmer than I had thought. I saw it in the faces of my companions too; they didn’t believe in me but were too tired to argue.

Finally, the darkness became thick enough, and we crept out of the temporary cover of the stairwell. Traveling across the field was more difficult than anticipated. Not only did the uneven concrete blocks make every step treacherous, but spears of partially melted rebar shot up everywhere, ready to slice our legs open.

 It took us almost an hour to reach the right place at the center of the field. The low smog, hanging over the rooftops in the far distance, made it hard to see the monument.

Disfigured statues in cast iron, twisted beyond recognition by the blast, stuck up between the concrete blocks. If they had once been in the shape of horses, it was impossible to tell. 

“This is the place,” I said, mustering up the last of my confidence. “We’re in the right place.”

James probably sensed that I wasn’t entirely sure, and gave me an expressionless look. I opened the tube once more and pulled out the blueprints. Marissa took out her lantern, and carefully lit it. Statues were usually kept at entrances. I put my finger on the spot of the map that looked like an entrance. Stairs, pillars, big doors – that had to be it. The basement entrance was supposed to be located fifty feet from there. 

“This way,” I said, and started on a walk of measured steps.

A heap of concrete blocks awaited us at the end of the short stroll. If this was it, we sure had a lot of digging ahead of us. I felt like giving up, but I didn’t want to let my friends down. Four years we had traveled to get here – and calling it off right now, even though that was probably the right decision, felt wrong. I took a deep breath and felt the dusty air fill my lungs. I picked up the first rock.

The dead sky and chilly air had a tendency to suck the life right out of you. Lifting, tossing, breathing – repeat. When we could no longer carry the concrete blocks alone, we helped each other. We kept digging until our bodies gave out. It took us hours, but the more of the debris we removed, the more excited we got. This was, in fact, a staircase.

Soon, a thick door in rusted metal appeared. It hung on askew on its hinges. With a sharp scraping noise, we managed to push it open. A dark corridor opened behind it. 

The thing that happened next was one of those unreal twists of fate that just breaks a story altogether. When we were gathering up our things to carry on, Marissa accidentally knocked over the lantern. The oil spilled out and instantly caught fire, flaring up like a bright beacon in the middle of the field. We did our best to stomp it out as fast as we could, but sometimes your efforts just aren’t enough. The beam of a massive spotlight lit up the ground where we stood. Loud whistling came from several parts of the city beyond the open field.

Marissa started sobbing, and I felt like joining her. We had been found out by the worst members left of the human race, and we were much too exhausted to try and make a run for it across the field. James was the first one to realize that our only option was to enter the basement. We hurried after him with the whistling of the meat farmers not far behind.

The corridor slumped downward, and we came to a T-junction. We didn’t really have time to properly decide whether to go right or left, so we just ended up taking a left at random. That was another mistake, and after about a few minutes of fumbling through the darkness, we came to an impasse. The ceiling had collapsed, and a wall of rubble blocked the way. 

We heard rough voices echoing through the corridor. We started running. I saw James pull out the revolver. Flashlights lit up the wall at the intersection. James fired one shot into the blinding lights. It was impossible to say if he hit anything, but at least the voices went silent.

The corridor ended in a thick steel door with a valve handle. James pointed the gun with the three remaining bullets at the intersection, while Marissa and I struggled with the door. 

Finally, the handle moved. Another shot rang out. The tinny tones of the casing bouncing off the floor filled my ears for a moment. Two bullets left. 

The door finally swung open, and I squeezed through. More shouts. Gunfire. James’s horrified face appeared in the slit. As soon as he was through, he pulled the door shut. 

“What are you doing?!” I cried and struggled against him. “Marissa!”

The butt of the revolver hit the side of my face, and I fell to the floor. In a daze, I watched James turn the valve, and seal the door with two thick bars. 

“Why?” I said, trying to sit up. 

James shook his head and slumped against the door. Blood seeped through his thin fingers. For several minutes I just panted, watching his face drain of color.

“They got her,” he said weakly, “right in the head.”

Muted banging came from the other side of the thick door. I couldn’t believe Marissa was dead, just like that.

I lay back down again, watching the ceiling spin. They had got James too, and I could hear his ragged breathing. He would be dead soon, as well.

“This is not the Library of Congress,” he mumbled.

The flickering light from his candle lit up the small room. He was right. This was merely a tiny bomb shelter, which had once been used as a storage room. No food, just old clothes. And the only thing resembling a book was a small notepad sitting on a shelf.

“There’s one for you as well,” James said.

I didn’t even look up when the revolver went off. 

Was it greed that led to my friends dying? Perhaps the promise of something better than the everyday struggle for survival? I had tried to give them something good – something to strive for. I didn’t feel guilty. I felt like I had given them hope. I knew my grandfather’s map had been my guiding light after his death. 

I reached for the notepad. It had a pencil lodged in the spine but was otherwise blank. I jotted down the first words: *When the bombs first fell…*

I thought writing it all down would make the situation easier to deal with and give me a way to escape into my mind for a while – away from the consuming hunger and the painful shivers of my deteriorating muscles. 

But as it goes, everything comes to an end, and I’m now on my last stroll, just like my grandfather was. So, perhaps it is fitting to end this story with another one of his quotes:

“The outcome of life is always the same, the goals along the way are what matters.” 


***
The bottom of the last page in the notepad is smeared with dried blood. Words in a different handwriting read:

>No happy endings.**[WP] A superhero is fed up with how reliant his city has become on him for every little thing, so he takes a vacation. Upon his return, he discovers that the city is now completely free of crime... and that there's a $1,000,000 bounty on his head.**
*****

*****
*This is a two-part story that I wrote in collaboration with one of my favorite writers on WP: /u/nickofnight*

*You can find more of his stories over at
*The first part is written by him, and the second by me. Hope you enjoy reading this as much as I did writing it!*
****

**Part 1**

The judge slammed his gavel on the wooden block and silence fell like a blanket over the court.

The Dazzler sat perfectly still in her seat, her face - usually stretched wide by a warm smile - was now blank. Expressionless.

"The jury find the defendant guilty on all charges."

Her head fell into her hands and her body shook as she wept. The man next to her placed an arm around her shoulders. I heard him murmur soft reassurances, but I was too far back to make out the exact words of the impotent promises.

"I am sad," continued the judge, "to find that your gift was not spent stopping crime, but instead from preventing it being stopped - and from preventing the city itself from tackling its problems at the roots. All your acts were done solely to further your career and profile. You are an egotist, in the worst and most dangerous fashion. In your all-for-show heroics, Miss Jones, many innocent people died. Collateral damage to you, perhaps - but loved ones to others. Bricks falling on heads, and trains coming to sudden, horrific halts. Heart attacks from your ludicrous speeds when flying with people in your arms - and who could forget Mr Kennedy? It is with deep regret - regret at the potential you wasted - that I sentence you to the most severe punishment this court, or any other, can. To death."

A wave of shock ran through the people in the court; gasps and cries and shocked nothings. A little girl near the front was in tears; her mommy picked her up and rubbed her back. "There, there. It'll be okay, honey," she cooed.

But it wouldn't be 'okay'.

The Dazzler wouldn't protest the decision.

She wouldn't even fight for her life.

Pathetic.

I knew she'd give in, because she respected the law. Believed in justice - her world was built on unshakeable foundations. She'd allow herself to die for childish dreams and impossible ideals. She'd allow the city to twist the knife deep into her back.

It had been so easy to pay off the criminals of the city for a few short weeks. Their sprees could continue soon, and there would be no Dazzler to stop them. The hope of the city, when they realised what they had done to their hero, would be snuffed out like a candle - the rising smoke lingering forever in the skies above them.

A smog that would slowly suffocate them.

I excused myself from the courtroom, holding the grin from my face until I was safely behind the wooden doors
*****
**Part 2**

I looked at my watch and then over at the purple-clad heroine standing docilely by the gallows. Ever since she came to the city five years ago nobody had been executed – I found it poetic and somewhat fitting that she would be the one to reinitiate the tradition.

It had all been so easy, and once she’d been found guilty in court, it had taken almost no time to get everything in order. Noon was approaching rapidly now, and I could feel the excitement at the upcoming prospects. No more complications in my operations due to the Dazzler. 

Living a double life hadn’t been easy under her watchful gaze, but once she left for that vacation and with my own house empty, I had finally managed to put the plan in motion. Mayor by day and crime boss by night – paying off the other syndicates for a two week period had really worked out well.

Together with the propaganda against the Dazzler, the clean streets had turned the citizens against her. I smiled inwardly as I watched the executioner place the noose around the heroine’s slim neck.

She was so compliant, even in the face of death. She hadn’t objected to anything and had allowed the law to run its course. Her only wish was that her mask remained on throughout the ordeal, and the judge had graciously agreed.

“Any last words?” the executioner said as he stepped up to the lever, readying himself to open the trapdoor.

She shook her head, but her sparkling eyes found their way to me. She had always smiled in the photos, and her eyes had been bright and full of life, now they were sad and filled with tears. I felt myself sweating slightly – it was like she knew what I had done, and gave me a final look of judgment.

I shook it off and turned away. This would soon be over, and I could return home and restart my business. I tried to think of other things than the current situation. My wife’s birthday was coming up, and our daughter would visit us from abroad – I hadn’t seen her in years. 

As the squeak of the opening trapdoor resounded in the background, and the thud and tightening of the rope made the crowd gasp, I had all but forgotten about the Dazzler already – and soon the world would have too.

The sound of the swaying rope stretching under the weight of her body made me cringe. I turned around just as they were cutting her down. Her limp body was lowered to the ground. It was time for me to go now.

I was just about to call for my driver when a murmur went through the crowd. The executioner had finally unmasked the Dazzler. I had expected cheers at the deed but instead whispers filled the crowd. Reducing the heroine to a mere human was what they wanted, wasn’t it? To make an example out of her – to show that not even superheroes were above the law anymore.

Annoyed by the strange reaction, I pushed my way through the crowd. Reaching the gallows, I finally got a glimpse of the heroine’s face for the first time. My blood froze.

“That’s Marissa Jones, isn’t it?” someone said right next to me. “That’s the mayor’s daughter!”**[WP] You're the only human in the world who can use magic. Rather than being locked up or anything, you have to deal with a lot of passive-aggressive laws set up wherever you go about the use of magic.**
***

***
They say that when you die, your life flashes before your eyes, but all Raymond could see were the flashes from the cameras, the lawmakers flashing their brace-perfect teeth, and the sparks from the electric chair. It had taken them years, but they finally got him.

The timer above his head shuddered and the ‘10’  flipped over to a ‘9’ and then an ‘8.’

Raymond closed his eyes, and his mind wandered back to where it all went wrong.

***

June smiled coyly at him through the rearview mirror. She’d been sleeping in the back seat, and her hazel locks swirled in tousels around her rosy cheeks. Raymond shifted in the driver’s seat, having difficulty keeping his eyes on the road.

“I can drive if you’re tired,” June said and placed her hand on his neck.

Raymond’s arms and back exploded in goosebumps. “It’s fine, as long as you don’t distract me.”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about!” she said, her voice shrill in mock indignation.

Her hand traveled down his neck and started exploring the insides of his shirt. Raymond closed his eyes and mumbled a few arcane words. The conjured fae danced across the dashboard before wrapping its chubby fingers around the wheel. Teaching Qlick how to drive a car hadn’t been easy, but at least it circumvented the law about not using magic to operate vehicles, because technically, a fae was just a creature from another realm.

The shimmering translucent critter sat down on the horn and one of its tendrils extended to the floor and took control of the gas. Its shimmering sapphire eyes peered excitedly at the road ahead. Raymond had even gone through the trouble (and it was a lot of trouble) of getting this particular fae a driver’s license, but anything is possible with enough magic, as long as you find the appropriate loopholes in the law. The law clearly stated that you were allowed to try for a driver’s license as long as you didn’t use magic to give yourself an advantage and were above the legal age. And Qlick was about nine hundred human-years old.

Raymond dove into the back seat and wrapped his arms around the giggling June. “I’ll teach you a thing or two about distractions!”

A sudden blast of a horn filled his mind. A few moments later Raymond stood outside the crumpled wreckage of the car, holding the battered June in his arms. He didn’t need magic to tell that the bloody gashes on her face weren’t the only complications. Her bones were broken and blood oozed out of her mouth. 

The law stated that manipulation of another person’s body by use of magic was strictly forbidden. 

“Goodbye, Ray,” June said, and a red waterfall seeped down her chin.

“No!”

Raymond took a deep breath. Her life for his. That was the trade. The arcane words tumbled out of his mouth. It was a long time since he had used such powerful magic. Tingles spread from his lips throughout his body, making it glitter and shine.

He touched her chest gently, and yellow strings of light sprouted from his fingertips, patching her up from within. The gashes healed and her bones mended. She smiled at him and he smiled back. Even as the cops took him into custody, the smile lingered on his lips.


***
When Raymond opened his eyes, the timer was at ‘3’ and then flipped over to ‘2.’

A man with a bald head and a pained look on his face rushed up to June’s father. Raymond uttered an arcane word under his breath, and suddenly he could hear the man perfectly through the thick glass. Using any forms of clairaudience was strictly forbidden inside government buildings, but since he only had two seconds left to live what were they going to do about it?

“Mr. Capolet, it’s about your daughter. I have very bad news,” the man said, wringing his hands.

“Why, what is it?” The grin on Mr. Capolet’s face shifted to annoyance.

“We found her in the guest house, clutching an empty bottle of hydrogen cyanide. I’m so sorry.”

It’s interesting how many muscle movements that can go through a face in less than a second. Raymond had expected to see some of those turned into emotion on Mr. Capolet’s face, mirroring his own face which twisted into a mask of grief, anger, and guilt. But the only muscles on June's father’s face that came to life was the clenched jaw as his face hardened. 

His dark eyes returned to the execution room. “I’ll deal with it later.”

A heart-string snapped inside Raymond’s chest. The timer on the wall flipped to ‘1.’ Fire swirled in his eyes. Both curses and arcane words passed over his lips. The glass of the execution chamber cracked and shattered, and the electricity surged into all the chairs in the audience room, frying their occupants in a nauseating fizzle of burnt flesh. 

Raymond rose from his chair, broke the restraints, and walked through the sea of smoke and glass shards. The contours in face darkened. He held out his hand accusingly at the only man who wasn’t running.

“Elemental invocations in public! Magical breaking of restraints! Unlawful harm to property and people by the use of spells!” Mr. Capolet screamed. 

“I don’t care about your laws anymore,” Raymond said calmly, tears rolling down his cheeks.

The darkness swirled around him, coming alive, closing in around Mr. Capolet. Decaying arms reached through the fabric of reality grabbing the big man. 

“That’s black magic!” Mr. Capolet cried. “You’re dead, you hear me? Dead!”

Raymond had never dabbled in Necromancy before, but how else was he going to get June back?

“Goodbye,” he said simply and snapped his fingers.

In a flash of concentrated darkness, the ground opened beneath Mr. Capolet's feet and the withering arms of the undead pulled him down.**[WP] When you save someone's life, it becomes forfeit, and they're forever in your debt. Effectively, this means super heroes are some of the largest slave owners on the planet.**
***
A collaboration series with /u/nickofnight 
****
**Part 8**

Aurora gasped for air, dizzy from the pain. She felt blood trickle down her back from her left shoulder. She tried to move her wing but her entire back seized up in cramps.  She tried to move her arms but the rebels were pinning her down.

She felt the steel wire around the base of her other wing. Someone with a breath that smelled like a broken sewer pipe leaned in and hissed into her ear.

“You masquerade as an angel of the people,” he spat, hate clinging to every syllable. “No more!”

The chortling sound of a diesel engine drowned out the shouting crowd, and she felt the strain on her back. The engine revved and she felt the muscles in her shoulder spasm, and then start to burn.  The joints cracked and separated. The ligaments shuddered and snapped like rubber bands. The sinews and the root of the wing were pulled out of her back. Finally, skin tore and Aurora blacked out. 

***
The Rain of the Sinners fell thick and viscous over the dark streets. Aurora watched the city turn crimson through the window.

“Give me your arm.” Mother Pacem said.

Aurora leaned back in the chair and placed her arm in the medical stirrup. She felt the sting as the diamond-tipped needle pierced her skin.  

“Hopefully, your regenerative powers will help cure the sick,” Mother Pacem continued and filled a vial with Aurora’s blood.

“I hope so too.”

***

She woke up to a familiar chant.

“Death to The Iron Maiden! Death to The Iron Maiden! Death to The Iron Maiden!”

The pain in her back made her nauseous. Her ears pounded as an echo to the beat of her heart. She felt her arms being bent behind her back, forcing her hands into a painful position of reversed prayer.

They pried her mouth open and poured a foul-smelling liquid down her throat. It reminded her of Mother Pacem’s relaxing tea, only a hundred times more potent. She gagged, her stomach protesting. Hands held her lips shut, making her swallow. She felt the strength draining from her arms, and the previously dull pain became sharp.

Then the rusty feet of an all too familiar device came into view. She looked in horror as they opened the lid of the sarcophagus, revealing its innards of sharp spikes. 

“This is true justice!” One of the Oathbreakers shouted to the crowd. “An iron maiden for The Iron Maiden.”

***

Harvey closed the door to Frederick’s room and tiptoed back toward his own. He froze as two men came running. He thought he’d been caught, but they just ran past him.

“What’s going on?” he shouted after them.

“Look at the news!” one of them said without turning around.

*****[EU] Dumbledore's plan backfires completely. After enduring years of abuse, Harry Potter lashes out, killing the entire Dursley family, setting him on the path to becoming one of history's most terrible dark wizards.**

***

***
The square-shaped mountain of mining refuse loomed over the rooftops of Kiruna. Harry had never been this far north in his life, but the shy people of Sweden fit him perfectly -- nobody asked any questions, and most minded their own business.

He crossed the lawn filled with overgrown statues of ptarmigans and joined the crowd of hikers with massive backpacks by the bus stop. He fit right in with his ungainly suitcase.

He gazed out over the endless dark green of trees. It had been over a year now since the Dursleys died, and he'd been on the run ever since. He'd seen a lot of Europe, but wherever he went, he felt like he was being watched, and couldn't really enjoy the view.

The bus shook as it carried him toward the city. Kiruna had been Sweden's largest supplier of iron for over a century, but now with the waning demand, the population was in decline as well.

The Ministry of Magic, as he'd come to know the wizarding police, suspected him of the crime. But there wasn't any definitive proof -- the Dursleys had died by non-magical means. And the muggle police all thought he was a victim.

The newspapers had called him 'the boy who survived twice,' but there were those who weren't convinced of his innocence. Harry knew that the headmaster of Hogwarts was one of them since he'd withdrawn the invitation to study there after the news got out.

How that old fool knew, was beyond the young wizard. He'd been so careful. He sighed and looked out the window.

The whole city seemed to be tilting on the side of the man-made mountain. Gray buildings and empty streets matched the gloomy sky. He wondered briefly if excessive amounts of dullness could be lethal.

The bus stopped at the central station, and even though it was in the heart of the city, he still felt like he was in the wilderness. He pulled out the crumpled note and looked at the address.

Hjalmar Lundbomsvägen 72^1/2

It was supposed to be the entrance to Cut-corner Courtyard -- a secret marketplace for wizards in the middle of the city. He looked at the wall in front of him -- the entrances to 72 and 73 on either side -- it was just a wall. The Russian witch that he'd paid for information in Moscow had tricked him.

Harry shook his head and was just about to leave someone put their hand on his shoulder. He flinched and turned around to see a boy with a brown snag, dragging a suitcase of his own. He was a few years older than Harry, and carried himself with an almost cocky confidence.

"It's there. Just hidden," the boy said with a thick eastern European accent. "Look." He pointed at a lady with two kids who stopped in the middle of the street and then just turned straight into the wall and disappeared.

"What the..." Harry mumbled.

"You are Muggle-born, yes?" the boy said.

"Actually, no. I just grew up in a Muggle household."

"Ah, I understand."

Harry just shook his head. There was no way this boy understood anything of what had happened to him, but he'd long since learned to play along.

"What are you doing up here?" Harry instead asked, gesturing at the city.

"Same as you," the boy said, with a sly smirk.

"You don't know me. And you don't know what I'm doing here."

Harry grabbed the suitcase and moved to leave, but the boy put his hand on his shoulder again.

"You're going to buy a wand, and books, and an owl," the boy said calmly. "Because, like me, you're going to attend the only wizard school around here, yes?"

Harry nodded slowly. Perhaps applying for a scholarship at Durmstrang had been a bad idea. People would recognize him, but he'd been promised that they would treat him as innocent until proven guilty, and that was the best he could hope for. He needed an education if he was ever going to get revenge on the man who killed his parents... and the man who had placed him in the care of a family of bullies and then withdrawn his invitation to Hogwarts. They would all pay.

"Let's go," Harry said.

The boy nodded and held out his hand. "I'm Viktor Krum, by the way."**[WP] When you die, your ghost remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies. 15,000 years after your death, you are still here.**
*****
**Part 11**

*The diamond in the sky, burning with a mocking glare.*

*The diamond in the sea, forever swallowed by the waves.*


The currents dragged me down, whirling into the deep blue waters of the Atlantic Ocean – civilization, gone in an instant, and I with it. Everyone died that day, setting humanity back millennia. All traces of the twisted ideals and concepts that had plagued the civilized world – like flicking a switch – enlightenment erased. 

My job was complete, and as waves tossed me this way and that. I willed the waters to swallow my broken heart, to end my torment. I screamed her name, but the brine drenched my wails. 

Even as I was dying, I felt regret. Xonalie didn’t deserve the fate of Atlantis. And my oxygen-deprived mind worked overtime to figure out a way to bring her back from the dead.

*****

I remember waking up with sand in my throat and under my tongue, my eyes on fire. By some twisted turn of fate, I’d been spared. 

The beach blushed in a coral pink hue and the vegetation beyond grew thick and untamed. My first thought was to jump back into the sea where I belonged with the rest of my kin, but something right then stopped me. It must’ve been an epiphany of sorts. What if I could just forget, and live out the rest of my days in peace on this island?

Perhaps there was a way of maxing out the capacity of my mind so that new memories would replace the old. What if I could delete the bad memories? Would I be the same person as I was before, and did it matter if I wasn’t?

These were questions I pondered while hacking through the jungle, and standing motionlessly in the lagoon with my fishing spear ready. I’d always been taught that surviving in the wilderness outside of Atlantis was impossible, but despite our flaws and prissy nature, we had once emerged from the wild. And perhaps the savage in me was not as long gone as I would’ve liked to believe?

The months went by, and I soon realized that the island was a lot larger than I had first thought. Jungles, buzzing with insects and teeming with game, covered most of it. And in all honesty, I could’ve lived out my life there in comfort. But every night my thoughts kept creeping back to Xona, and how I needed to restore her to life. I’d known her for such a long time – if only I had access to my workshop. In my deluded state of mind, I thought that I could wake her up with the right equipment and materials. But I needed to get away from the island for that.


Building the raft took me almost a year. It wasn’t the prettiest of boats, but I firmly believed that it could get me across the sea, and if not, I’d just drown.  

I’d been working night and day to get everything ready before the stormy season arrived. I was mentally and physically exhausted. I’d stocked up on salted rabbit, fish, and fresh water, and was just about to push the raft into the ocean when I saw something.

A flutter of sapphire glittered in the sunrise on the other side of the lagoon. I knew my eyes lied to me, but I still started stumbling along the shore. Hope has a way of screwing with your rationality, and if you’re not careful, your strongest survival tool can easily become a double-edged sword.

The heat of the sun caused the beach to shimmer in a haze. The land and water became one. Back in Atlantis, we’d had a private beach, and Xonalie often took swims at dawn. I used to watch her from our bedroom, the brilliant waves splashing against her knees, and her wet sapphire hair spilling down her slender back.  

I knew that my mind was playing tricks on me, but I didn’t care. All I wanted was for her to turn around. In all my fifteen thousand years, I’ve never wished for anything more than to see her smile again, just one more time.

“Xona?” I said, knowing that as soon as I took my eyes off of her, she’d disappear.

“The waters are warming up already,” she said and raked her fingers through the surface. “This will be a hot summer.”

“It does look like it…” I said hesitantly.

“Where are you going, Raphael?”

“To set things right.”

“What you’ve done cannot be righted.”

I forced my eyes to remain open, despite the stinging.

“I’m not talking about Atlantis.”

Xonalie turned around slowly and put her hand on my arm. Her touch was like a breath on my skin – there, but not quite.

“Don’t you care at all what you’ve done?”

“They deserved it.”

“There were fifty thousand children in Atlantis. Did they deserve it too?”

“They would’ve grown up to become worse than their parents. I saw it happen over and over – each generation, more spoiled and self-absorbed than the last. Fake friendships and loveless relationships – anything to improve your social status – anything for Follows, Likes, and Friend Counts. A child could be drowning in front of a crowd of people who, instead of helping, would be filming the tragedy.  No, this was the only solution.”

Xonalie tilted her head to the side, and a sad smile flickered across her lips. She didn’t hate me for what I’d done; she wasn’t even angry. She was disappointed, and that hurt more than if she’d started screaming at me. 

“Your eyes are turning red, Raph,” she said softly.

“If I blink you’ll disappear.” 

“I’ll be right here.”

I wanted to believe her. She wouldn’t lie. She wouldn’t betray me like that. Still, as I let my eyelids fall shut, I knew she was gone. I sighed and started wading back to the raft. Her hair was in the waves of the ocean, her skin in the sand of the beach, her eyes in the rustling leaves of the forest, and her voice in the soothing breeze. 

“I’ll be right here, just outside of reach, for as long as you remember me.”

*****[WP] Only Atheists go to heaven, but they’re all super pissed that they were wrong.**
***

***
“You all look a bit sour, what’s wrong?” God said, framing his chin within the half-square of his thumb and index finger. “I already know the answer to that question, and also how this conversation ends, but why don’t you humor me? 

“Well, first of all,” Michael said, “do you even know what atheism means? You’re supposed to be this all-knowing entity, and for some reason, it seems like you haven’t understood the meaning of the word.”

“This.” John pointed at Michael, backing him up. “Being an atheist doesn’t mean that we assert that there is no god. We simply believe that there isn’t enough evidence to support the belief in god.”

“Let me interject here,” Lucas said. “What John says is correct except the last part, which needs rephrasing. What he should’ve said is ‘belief in any gods.’ I mean, let’s be honest here, everyone’s an atheist in regards to some religion. For example, most people don’t believe in Thor or Zeus. So, technically, even the most devout Christians are also atheists.”

“This,” Marcus said and stepped out of his corner. “You should’ve been more specific. Now you’re kind of forced to invite everyone up here anyway, which in turn won’t punish the believers as you had intended.”

“Yeah, and do you really want those Odin worshippers in here? I mean, they’re not really atheists, but they don’t believe in you or your religion.” Jacob rose out of his seat and strutted confidently across the room as he spoke.

“No, I don’t really want those guys up here,” God said.

“What about the Hindus, for example? They’re atheists in regards to Christianity.”

“They go to Hell,” God rumbled.

“So then believers in all shapes and forms need to go there,” Paul said. “You can’t discriminate.”

“Of course, this poses another issue,” Andrew said. “What about those people who believe in things without any evidence, and I’m not talking about religion now. For example, the conspiracy theorists, the flat-earthers, the UFO-nuts? They’re believers in their own right.”

“They go to Hell,” God said.

“So now that we’ve established that believers go to Hell. Where do you draw the line between belief and knowledge?” Peter said. “Nothing can be known with perfect certainty. The more evidence there is of something, the more likely it is to be true. But there’s always a chance that something isn’t as it seems.”

“Except if you’re me,” God said. 

“Right! So, I’ve been thinking,” Judas said. “We can’t know anything with perfect certainty, so we put faith in what seems most likely, given the evidence. Now that we’re here, and have met you; that points towards you being real. Doesn’t that mean we’re theists then?”

“Correct,” God said and pulled the lever by his throne, which opened the trapdoor in the floor.**[WP] You have died and gone to Hell. Strangely it isn't as bad as you thought, maybe it is even nice. Turns out the Devil is super lazy and doesn't actually torture the damned. But you, being the compulsive organizer you are, have decided to change that.**
***

Okay, so here's the deal. The Devil reminds me of my grandchildren. Spoiled, helicoptered, entitled. Six thousand years later and he's still moping about getting kicked out by Daddy. Like, what do you mean 'it's unfair'? I would've sent you packing long before you started messing with my stuff. At that age, you're not supposed to live with your parents anyway.

All right, sorry about the rant. We have things to do. On today's agenda, we have the Sixth Circle, which needs repainting (Jesus Christ, have you seen the walls down there? It's like someone dipped a roller into a bucket of blood and went to town).

Hell is a big place, but luckily there are waygates. They're one of my many accomplishments so far. Can you believe they walked miles through the brimstone deserts of the infernal plains just to buy milk before I came around? The sheer inefficiency in this place is baffling.

"Hello there, Abaddon! I'm going to the Sixth Circle."

The Archdemon looks down at me, darkness burning in his eye sockets. Black wings stretching across the bleeding sky.

"You got it, boss," he rumbles, acid sizzling out of his gaping mouth. 

As usual, he's happy to see me. Before I started fixing this place up, he existed in a Limbo (No, I don't mean the First Circle, that place is full of pagans. He hates those) of unemployment and self-doubt. He was depressed, like so many kids in their twenties these days, who can't find a job after graduating. Seriously, it's a travesty, and Archdemons are just the same. Abaddon really enjoys his work as a gatekeeper and travel agent now.

The portal flares around me. Fires licking my skin. My stomach drops and we land on the rusted streets of the Sixth Circle. They call it the City of Dis, with parapets and towers stretching into the smog. It echoes with the screams of the damned. Ear protection is now mandatory for anyone working here. Tinnitus is a serious issue, let me tell you.

Surprisingly, the Devil himself greets me at the gate. He looks a bit silly with those earmuffs strapped over his red head.

"This has gone too far," he says, pointing a clawed finger at me. "We're not repainting the walls of this city!"

"Listen," I say, leaning in. "Coagulated blood and rust are no longer in fashion. In fact, they never were. Just let me furbish up this place; your employees will thank you. Besides, you didn't complain when I redecorated the Pit. If I remember correctly, I believe your exact words were, 'I never thought I'd be such a fan of art deco!'"

"Hm, yes, I admit. You did do a good job then... but this is different!" He stomps his hooves against the ground, like an indignant toddler. "I don't know, I've always kind of liked the atmosphere of this city. The reek of death and screams of pain. The roiling sky and the rivers of blood. I just like strolling down the streets here, you know? Breathing in the misery."

"There will still be plenty of misery," I say, keeping my voice even. "The walls need repainting."

He squirms on the spot, his leathery wings folding and unfolding. "It's just... Lilac feels so... *kitsch*. I don't know if I like it for the walls."

"What are you suggesting?"

"Well, I was thinking a palette of burgundy... just to preserve the city's soul."

I nod slowly. Normally, I would've scolded him for his lack of expertise in interior design, but at least he's making progress and getting involved. Baby steps. Those are important and should be encouraged. The City of Dis will look like a postmodern art exhibition, but at least the Devil might start taking his job down here more seriously if he gets a say.

"Fine," I say, and his face lights up. "But you're helping the workers with the redecoration."

He nods eagerly, and clops over to the gathering crowd of demonic workers, wriggling into a set of paint-stained overalls. They say that you can't teach old dogs to sit, but the Devil is still a child, and I might just be able to teach him work ethics yet.**[WP]The US Government finds a Stranger Things-esque alternate dimension full of deadly creatures. Then, they discover Oil there.**
***
**Part 3**

Milena didn’t show up for work the next day. She was an even bigger workaholic than me, so her absence spoke volumes of the trauma she’d experienced. At least, that was my assumption. I tried calling her several times throughout the day between the interrogations, but she refused to pick up.

*The Interviews*, which was their official name, were standard procedure (as far as that concept goes with something like this) and took most of the morning. Everyone who’d gone through the portal was vetted on their memories, and a report was filed. I didn’t know who the report was for and I didn’t care. It had always been easier to just… *do the job* and not question the bureaucracy behind it.

Entering my office felt different. I lacked the focus to do any work, and my thoughts kept wandering back to the oddity in the hazy distance. At this point, I was certain it had moved. I paced back and forth. The urge to get back out there made me restless.

The portal remained open. We didn’t dare to close it. The risk of not being able to reopen it was too big. It felt like the other side was calling out, beckoning me to return. I had to be on the next expedition.

That night my dreams were filled with yellow mist. I kept waking up to a feeling of impending doom. The creature, what was it? What had Milena seen? The body belonged to the biology department now, and it was unlikely that I’d hear about it again.

The days passed slowly in the following week. I barely got any work done at all, and Milena was still nowhere to be seen. It happened that people were terminated without notice, but I didn’t think that was it. I knew better than to ask questions, though.

I found myself strolling through the cafeteria, eavesdropping on my colleagues. I even risked a few detours to the biology department, to and from work, in an attempt to catch some rumors or slivers of information. There wasn’t much circulating about the other side. People were surprisingly good at keeping their mouths shut.

The only things I learned was that some of the technicians working on setting up a base just outside the portal had suddenly become disoriented and bled out of their ears, and that the next expedition had been scheduled for next week. I was determined to be on it.

I wasn’t sure if my name was on the list yet – it should’ve been – but I wasn’t willing to risk not going. At that time, I’d been working in the MAD for a long time, and I felt like it was time to call in all my favors just to ensure my trip to the other side.

A few sleepless nights and days later, I received word that I’d been picked. The excitement I’d felt slowly turned into uneasiness. Mentally, I tried to prepare myself for the other side. It’s hard to imagine how much a place like that can mess with your head. I had solved the equation myself, and I still wasn’t sure if what I’d seen was real. I knew that those in charge wouldn’t hesitate one moment to experiment on the residents here. The only thing that mattered was information; people were expendable. How could I even be sure that it hadn’t all been a hallucination?

Their predecessors had certainly been bad people, and I knew for a fact that gruesome experimentation was conducted in this place. The controversial MK Ultra was just the tip of the iceberg.

Finally, the day came for the second expedition into the unknown lands of the other side. Milena was still missing, but I didn’t have time to worry about her as I wriggled into my hazmat suit. I recognized some of the rugged faces of the guards, but the stern captain had been replaced by a blonde woman with a cold face.

Under the watchful eyes from the gallery, we entered the decontamination chamber. The new captain introduced herself as Clarice Lockhart and shook my gloved hand. I found it a bit odd that she’d given me her first name, but perhaps they wanted us to feel more comfortable. Nothing was ever random here.

I glanced over at the other scientist. It was a tawny boy in his early twenties. He wasn’t from my department. My bets were on Bio. The haggard look probably meant that he’d been present at the autopsy of that creature.

We entered the pressure chamber and my ears filled with the dark hum. In a way, I felt relieved at the sight of the drifting mucus and the strange veins – it meant that I hadn’t imagined it.

The technicians attached the lifelines to our belts and then backed out of the chamber. I looked over at Captain Lockhart who nodded.

“Let’s go.”
*****[WP] Scientists have finally decrypted Whale songs, and are able to listen in on long distance conversations. After a few weeks of listening in, all research is quickly classified, and NASA starts silent, hurried plans to reach Sirius, even reaching out to other space agencies for help.**
***

**Part 6**

*Five years into the journey…*

Sapphira threw her fist up. She wanted to shout in triumph, but everyone else on the ship was sleeping. She looked over at Greg, who just sank down in his chair and with a content smile, relaxing his face for the first time since Alicia’s death. In a way, their colleague’s passing had pushed them.

“I can’t believe it,” he mumbled. 

She couldn’t quite believe it either. So much work and frustration, but they had finally decoded the dark song. Now they just had to run it through the translator.

“Should we wait for the others?”

Greg shook his head. “We cracked it. We deserve to hear it right now. Press Play, Sapph!”

“Okay, fine!” she said, trying to sound reluctant, but was unable to keep the excitement from bleeding into her voice.

Soon the deep, drawn-out notes of the dark song wailed through the speakers.

*Sirius, the brightest star, the biggest lie, the end of all hope. We departed–the cradle of all life–world of two suns. Slumbering, resting, the harbinger awaits. Sirius, the brightest star, the darkest secret, the end of all time. Our souls, the boundless hunger, turn back, turn back! Sleeper of the endless eon, turn back, turn back! Sirius, the cradle of all life… the cradle of Death.*

***

*Ten years into the journey…*

“Everyone’s over it.” Sapphira deliberately cut off another one of Captain Finch’s rants. “We knew we wouldn’t return to Earth when we signed up for this mission ten years ago and nothing has changed. I don’t understand why you have to bring this up ALL THE TIME!”

The captain almost pouted, he looked like an impudent child who had just been scolded. When nobody else in the room said anything, he turned on his heel and marched out of the cafeteria. 

“Whoa, Sapphira,” said Michael and pretended to jot down something important on his digital notepad. “I was just wondering when you’d bare your teeth.”

“She’s right, though.” Lijuan crossed her legs and took another sip of her tea. “It’s not like we can turn the ship around anyway.”

“I know she’s right–I just like to see our project leader finally taking charge.”

Greg chuckled and lobbed a crumpled ball of paper into David’s coffee. “Twelve minutes left…”

The Scottish astrophysicist was the first person in the group to show actual signs of aging. He was just over thirty, but a distinct patch of thinning hairs had become one of Greg’s favorite things to tease him about. ‘You’ll be bald before we get there,’ and ‘Soon I can use your scalp as a mirror,’ were two of his favorite phrases.

“Remind me why you’re here again…” David said, trying to fish out the paper with his spoon. 

“I’m the muscle, baby,” Greg said and flexed his arm.

Sapphira watched her friends with a smile on her lips. It had taken some time and a lot of counseling, but they were living again–a pleasant harmony had replaced the stress. They had all come very far, and everyone had learned to deal with the situation. The ominous message of the dark song still made her a bit nervous, but not to the same extent as the captain. 

She watched the clock strike twelve, and lifted her glass at the others. They had crossed the halfway line.

***

*Fifteen years into the journey…*

The rubber soles of her sneakers thudded against the steel floor of Aquarius I. Sapphira glanced at the clock every time she passed the entrance to the bridge. Five years felt like a short period. She felt like time had sped up. The days were a blur–waking up, taking her morning run around the ship, eating, and the day was basically over–what had happened to her life?

Closing in on thirty-six, every lap felt like a race against the clock. Her body, her mind, she was noticing the signs. More saggy and forgetful with every day–more tired–she was getting older, and she could feel the artificial gravity in her knees and back.

Sapphira stopped and downed a bottle of water and a handful of vitamin pills. She had never thought that being thirty-six would feel so different from being twenty. She glanced at the clock again–five more.

***

*Nineteen years into the journey…*

Aquarius I had entered the outer reaches of the Sirius system. The ship had slowed down and was now drifting through the void. Sapphira looked at the twin stars, blazing in the black distance–the big one reminded her of Earth’s sun, and she felt a sting of sadness. She was so far away from home–the wailing melancholic notes of the whale song suddenly felt fitting for her own heart–she couldn’t help but think of the trees and the waters, teeming with fish, and of her mother, friends, and of Noodle. How were they doing? Were they alive? What had happened on Earth in twenty years?

The initial scans of the planets in the system showed one blue planet–one planet with seas and an atmosphere–and that’s where they were heading. She wondered what awaited her down there. Did either of the songs speak the truth? Were they heading for Eden or Hell?

“Whatever’s down there,” Michael said, and put his hand around her shoulders, “we’ll face it together.”

*****[WP] The world is split into 4 nations. Earth, Fire, Water and Air. You seem to be the only one who can bend all 118.**
****
**Part 18**

Leera gasped for air. It felt like a boulder had been rolled onto her chest – she strained to fill her lungs. Hundreds of candles shed an unsteady light on the odd chamber. Runes and symbols snaked and winded in intricate patterns across the ceiling, while carved stone scorpions threatened to strike from the walls. 

“Hey…” a weak voice said behind Leera. “I… I don’t feel so well.”

Her entire body cramping and twitching, Leera managed to turn over. 

“Maya?” Leera’s voice felt like gravel in her throat. “Where are we?”

“We’re in the pirate catacombs of Lockhart Bay – the old Re’Dorai hideout.” 

Maya’s throat was swollen, and a cut somewhere in her abdomen bled into a pool on the floor. Leera reached out a trembling hand. Straining her eyes, she tried to see the tiny marbles, but all she found was the blood-soaked shirt and the leather of Maya’s armor. 

Leera scooched closer, dragging her numb leg behind her, trying to mend Maya's wounds somehow. She felt like she was back at the lake that swallowed her brother, trying so desperately to fly. But despite her efforts, the wounds didn’t close, and the blood kept seeping out. 

“Why did you come here?” Leera mumbled, feeling helpless and distraught.

“After the crypt stalker attacked you… and you asked me about the tattoo… I put two and two together… I thought I could handle him on my own… I thought…”

“You’re talking about Ryze, aren’t you?”

Maya nodded weakly.

“I just love when two beautiful women gossip about me,” said a raspy voice from the shadows nearby. “It makes me feel… *loved*.”

Leera craned her neck, her vision blurry, trying to peer through the curling darkness. She thought she could make out a shifting silhouette just outside the wobbly candlelight. 

“What do you want?” Leera said, massaging her numb limbs. 

The venom of the scorpion mixed with her blood into a numbing cocktail, spreading through her body. It was messing with her eye-sight as well. The strange symbols swirled above her, strangling her from the ceiling.

“So, I’m curious,” Ryze said, ignoring her question. “How does it feel to be a mundane again? I mean, you just got your powers, it has to *sting* a little bit, no?”

Leera grunted and tried to sit up. She leaned over Maya, pressing a piece of cloth from her tunic on the biggest wound. Maya’s pupils dilated, and she groaned from the sudden pain. Blue veins snaked across her eyeballs, and a glowing red liquid filled her eyes. Red tears rolled down her cheeks. 

“What did you do to her?”

“Oh, I poisoned her,” Ryze said airily. “Did you know she used to be an assassin? Her signature weapon was the red clover nectar – it’s quite lethal – I fed her some of that.”

Maya’s lips moved, forming inaudible words. Her eyes rolled back, and she started to gurgle. Red froth bubbled at her mouth.

“What is wrong with you? How can you just stand there!?” Leera cried, trying to hold the shaking woman still.

Ryze stepped out from the shadows. The creature before her was not human – she saw that in the lifeless lumps of coal that occupied his eye sockets. Wrapped in ribbons of black cloth, it sauntered across the room and crouched next to Maya. The red ink in the shape of a scorpion burned on his forearm.

A sickly smell of incense, balming oils, and rot accompanied the creature like a swarm of flies. Leera felt like throwing up. He was the one she had seen in the vision when the crypt stalker attacked her.

“You’re right,” it hissed. “I hate watching people suffer too.”

Before Leera could react, it pulled out a jagged knife and slashed Maya’s throat. A fountain of rubies gushed from the wound. Leera just stared, frozen in disbelief. 

*You can’t save everyone. Take that to heart, Miss Eirey.*

Quick’s words echoed through Leera’s mind. Still, she pressed her hands down on Maya’s throat, the warm lifeblood leaking through her fingers. She felt like screaming, but the runes in the ceiling were suffocating her – draining her of power.

“My condolences,” Ryze said and took a step back, wiping the blood from the knife. “But now that we’re free from distractions, let’s talk.”

Leera slumped over Maya’s unmoving body, sobbing uncontrollably. 

“I know you’ve just met me, but it feels like I’ve known you forever, Leera Eirey,” Ryze continued and shrank back into the churning shadows of the room. “For the longest time, I thought you’d died along with your parents in that fire. I thought… I thought I’d unlocked the path to ascension, but the rituals just weren’t working. For a while you made me believe I wasn’t strong enough. You… you actually made me doubt myself. Eighteen years of self-doubt is a long time. Do you know what that does to a man?”

With tendrils of darkness licking his sides, Ryze stepped out of the shadows on the opposite side of the chamber. A red circle of shimmering glyphs adorned the floor.

“You’re not… a man…” Leera said through her teeth, desperately trying to stave off the flow from Maya’s throat with another piece of cloth.

“You know, I thought I’d killed off all the Eireys that night. Your dad despised Ignis for what they’d taken from him – it was beautiful… even *poetic*, that a fire would claim his family.”

Ryze put a golden sapphire-studded chalice on the floor in the middle of the red circle. The numbness from the scorpion venom had spread all the way up to Leera’s shoulders. She barely had the strength to hold the cloth against Maya’s throat. 

Carefully, Leera closed Maya’s eyelids. She took her stone necklace and put it around the woman’s neck – it was the only item she had that could qualify as a burial gift. Maya was dead. 

“There’s nothing… poetic about murder,” Leera said.

A hoarse scraping laugh rang out through the chamber. It seemed to suck the light from the candles and prick her eardrums with tiny needles.

“Imagine my surprise when an *Eirey* was voted into the Caeli Senate in Oceanpeak. Luckily, the Eirey girl was dead – or so I thought until Quick, like the fool he is, led me straight to your doorstep. You probably could’ve lived out your entire life right under my nose if your brother hadn’t started talking about you. Do you have any idea how many Caelian girls that had to die, just because you’re so desperate to stay alive?

“I mean, I was surprised. You evaded my earth-benders in Jane’s Spire, slipped through the nets of every head hunter in the land, escaped the deadly grasp of a crypt stalker, and somehow managed to survive your execution on the mountaintop. I thought you had outsmarted me…

“For a moment I was worried. Once you were inside the sacred grove of Minah’s Temple, you’d be outside my reach. I thought I’d missed my chance. Can you imagine my joy when you brought that corpse into the grove and willingly broke Minah’s vow? The ancient sanctuary, shattered in an instant.”

Leera felt dizzy; the room was spinning, her arms refused to move. “I don’t… get it… why… why are you doing this?”
 
“I’ve wanted to open a portal – much like the one that brought you here – only this one is to another plane of existence. I’ve always wanted to look the gods in the eye – Ambust, Corona, Unglia, and Murndar – I’ve always wondered why they couldn’t get along.”

Ryze crossed the room in a few quick strides and grabbed Leera by the hair.  

“We both want the same thing, really – peace between the four nations,” Ryze continued and dragged Leera into the red circle. “You just can’t seem to get it right. Sixteen generations of Iso-benders… failure upon failure.”


“Why me?” Leera whispered.

“Because the last breath of a bender is a potent catalyst for any spell, and what’s more powerful than the last breath of an Iso-bender?”

“Why did you… have to kill those girls?”

“Why!?” Ryze said, kicking her in the ribs. “Because… my dear… dealing with an Iso-bender… Is. Usually. Not. This. Easy! Killing one off before they receive their powers is *far more*… practical.”

Leera felt the instinct to hold her aching chest and stomach, but couldn’t move her limbs. Limply, she lolled her head over the hard floor. She coughed and felt hot blood seeping down her chin.

“Now, the venom will soon stop your heart, and when that happens I want you to breathe into the chalice,” Ryze said and held the cup up to her face.

Leera heard her blood beating in her ears; the rate was decreasing rapidly. She thought about Quick and felt a pang of guilt. Her last words to him had been in anger. She thought about Bryne and how she had shut him out of the temple. She thought about Aelar and how she hadn’t been able to mend their relationship. She thought about Maya, and how she had failed to save her.

Blinking the tears out of her eyes, Leera saw that the chalice was identical to the one Aelar had told her to melt back in Castle Saltgale. Maybe the venom was making her hallucinate. The shadows in the far side of the chamber shuddered. Her heartbeat was so slow now.

“An angel put her hand on my heart…” A figure in frayed garbs caked with blood stumbled into the chamber. His voice was deep and calm. His face and body were broken, swollen, and bruised. He dragged a sword behind him like a prisoner’s ball and chain.


“You can’t kill me with a sword, you fool,” Ryze said, and the rasping laugh filled the room once again.

“*I’m* not going to kill you,” the man said and rammed the sword into the ceiling, shattering the rock, breaking the intricate pattern of runes and glyphs. “*She is*.” 

Leera suddenly felt the world around her again. The pressure was lifted from her chest, her senses returning one by one. She felt the pain, she tasted the blood, and she smelled the candle wax. She saw the marbles of reality once more.

With a deep breath, Leera forced the venom out of her system and stood up. Blue embers burned in Ryze’s eyes, and he waved his arms.

“Izsh Faed Ack Nough Der–” he chanted but was cut off as Leera held out her hand and opened his throat.

Dark goo oozed out of the wound instead of words.

“No,” Leera said.

She plucked the marbles away from the creature before her, sending them one by one into the flames of the candles. The air vibrated as she separated the blocks of its essence, melting the ribbons and the foul being beneath them into streams of beautiful glimmering particles. The candles sparked and crackled as they devoured everything until nothing remained.

*****


Thank you for reading!

If you enjoy the stories here and would like to help me out, consider subscribing to my [Patreon]( https://www.patreon.com/lilwa_dexel). Every little bit translates directly into more time that I can spend writing.**[WP] You're a princess and it's your birthday. All you've asked for this year was a pony, but your parents have hinted that what they've gotten you is a lot more rare.**
***

***
A soft breeze rolled through the royal garden, soaking in the rose bush and lilac perfume. It lingered in the moonlight of the balcony, playing with the silk curtains, before finally entering the bedroom of the sleeping princess, gently tickling her eyelashes.

Princess Loly sighed and opened her eyes. A smile slowly parted her lips. Today was her birthday. Giggling, she leaped out of bed. She’d only asked for a pony this year, and she couldn’t wait to meet her new friend. 

“Lady Thyme!” she said, tapping her sleeping godmother on the shoulder.

Thyme’s hand reached for her dagger, but upon seeing the tiny face of the princess, eyes wide with excitement, she relaxed.

“Isn’t this a bit early even for you?” Thyme blew a few stray red hairs out of her face and sat up.

“Can we go down to the stable?” Loly bounced on the spot, her hands balled into little fists. “Oh please please please!”

“What did Queen Angelique tell you, Loly?”

The princess shifted on the spot, suddenly looking at the floor. “Um… that I must let you sleep... and not annoy you too much… and that I’m big enough to go to the bathroom alone now… and that you’re not my maid…”

“That’s right.” Thyme covered a yawn. “But... since it’s your birthday...”

Loly’s eyes lit up, and she threw herself around Thyme’s waist, hugging her tightly. “Thankyouthankyouthankyou! You’re the best, Aunt Thyme!”

“But first you need to get dressed. You can’t go to the stables in your nightgown.”

The princess pushed out her bottom lip but nodded. “Yes, Lady Thyme.”

The sun was peeking over the horizon when they finally left the castle. Despite being one of the best rogues in all of Celeraan, Thyme had a hard time keeping up with the tiny bundle of frills, ribbons, and silk that skipped across the courtyard.

Holding on to her crown, Loly zigzagged between puddles and sleep-drunk farmers, her tar black hair flying. Miraculously, she made it to the stables without ruining the expensive dress.

Thyme caught up to the princess outside one of the stalls. Ribbons and flowers adorned the door. Loly’s face was tense and her hands clasped together.

“What are you doing?” Thyme asked.

“I’m praying it’s a pony.” 

“Well, let’s open it and see!”

Loly nodded nervously and, with the help of Thyme, pulled the door open. 

Now, the King of Celeraan was many things -- brave, just, and benign, to mention a few -- but his memory hadn’t been the same since the Vraacs invasion that tore the kingdom asunder, and Thyme couldn’t help but feel a bit bad for the little princess as she lifted the canvas. 

“It’s an egg...!” Loly said, doing her best to hide the disappointment in her voice.

It was the size of a watermelon, with streaks of silver crisscrossing the white surface. For a while, the princess looked at the egg in silence. Then with her chubby fingers, she reached out and lifted it. It was larger than her head. 

“Excuse me,” Loly said as she wobbled past Thyme on her way out of the stable.

“Where are you going with that?”

“An egg is a baby…” the princess huffed. “I need to care for it… and feed it… and keep it warm...”

Thyme shook her head and hurried after.

At the castle gate, they ran into the newly awoken king. 

“Careful with that, pumpkin,” the king said to his daughter. “Oh and happy birthday!”

“Thank you,” Loly said gravely.

It wasn’t anger or disappointment that filled her small voice, just a very familiar determination. 

“She’s becoming more like you every day, sir,” Thyme said.

“I’m not sure if that’s a good thing.” The king chuckled. “I’d rather she took after her mother.”

“Oh, there’s a lot of Angelique in her, as well, don’t worry about that.” Thyme looked at the king. His graying hair wild and his eyes still puffy with sleep. “It’s probably not my place to say, but she did ask for a pony. That was the only thing she wanted.”

“This is better.”

“Is it? With all due respect, you haven’t really been yourself lately, and--”

A loud squeal came from the princess’s chambers. Thyme pulled her dagger and rushed in. She knew that the king could be reckless in his decisions sometimes, but this…

Shards of the hatched egg covered the floor.

“Look at it!” Loly cried, bouncing up and down on her bed.

A whirr came from above Thyme’s head. She looked up, her dagger ready. The smallest horse she had ever seen hovered in the air, its tiny wings flapping like those of a hummingbird. It let out a shrill neigh and flew over to the princess.

“Remember, he’s not a toy,” the king said, entering the bedroom. “He will grow with you.”

“I love him, Daddy!” Loly beamed and the horse neighed again. “I want to show Mom!”

“She’s still asleep,” the king said. “But I’m sure she won’t mind if you wake her.”

The princess hurried out of the room with the flying horse whirring behind her. “Thank you!”

Thyme put her dagger back, feeling silly. “I apologize for assuming--”

“Hey,” the king said. “Her safety is your job. I’m glad that you put that above all else.”

Thyme nodded and rubbed her eyes. 

“I’ve got it from here. Get some sleep,” he said and turned to follow his daughter. “I need you to be alert for the festivities later today.”

“Thanks, your majesty,” Thyme said and crashed on her bed.

She closed her eyes and sighed. She’d faced many powerful enemies and challenges in her life, but looking after the Princess of Celeraan was something else entirely.