matig123
I patiently waited for the signal to indicate that it was safe to cross the street. Autonomous cars whizzed by, sightless people sitting idly. The alley was empty and for a moment I thought I had imagined the colored man. I didn't quite trust my vision, much less the dash of color in this grey world. But halfway into the alley a door sat propped open and a face quietly stared at me from the darkness. I glanced behind me surreptitiously as I approached and he pulled the door shut behind me. For a fleeting moment, I panicked as I was pitched into darkness once again. Then a light flicked on and I found myself in a grey room leading to a similarly grey staircase. "Don't tell them you can see," I read on the wall once again. I shuddered.

The man was about my age but his eyes were more youthful and alive than mine had been in the mirror that morning. They had color. He held out a hand that I rudely ignored. "Welcome," he said with a coy smile, shrugging and putting his hand in his pocket. I didn't smile back. I had more questions than seemed appropriate to ask right then. Part of me felt like he was my savior but part of me felt I was being dragged into something more sinister and illicit than I felt comfortable with. There wasn't much other reason to lead somebody into an alley and down a staircase. "Come on," he said with a nod of his head.

He turned to lead me down the stairs but I hesitated. "Who are you?" I demanded. "How are you colored? How did you find me? Who is them?" I stayed where I was, tensed as if to make a break for the doorway if his answers were not to my satisfaction. The words all referred to *them* but what if being sightless was saving me from *them*? What if my best approach was to keep pretending I couldn't see and go about my days as I had for the past two years?

He chuckled as he turned back towards me. "I'm Adam," he answered with a smile. "I can answer some of your questions where it's safer. Others I don't know the answer to."

"How did you find me?" The other answers could wait. This one could not. 

He tilted his head at me curiously. "I didn't," he responded mysteriously. "You found me." I shook my head at him. That was absurd. The words were on my wall. He was waiting across the alley. He was looking right at me. "Whatever this is," he said with a wave of his hand, "this Great Blinding. It's loosening its grip. We're finding more and more people like you and me. Some can see again. Some can even see color. Some can even *be* colored." He was raising more questions with each sentence and barely getting around to answering any of the ones I had asked. "You got lucky," he said finally by way of answer. "If you hadn't seen me, you would still be wandering around not knowing what the hell was going on. I'm a Watcher. My job is to find the people who can see." He paused for a moment, as if lamenting the countless people who might have sight again but were just going about their lives pretending they were blind. Or perhaps they had let *them* find out, and that's why they couldn't be found. "Downstairs we have a Colorer. He might be able to give you color, too."

That was all I had to hear. I nodded and followed him down the stairs and through another doorway. I was greeted by a normal looking room. Not normal like the grey office I had been in earlier that day but normal like the way things used to be. The walls were painted green and red and rainbow. There was a table with a stack of beautiful pictures. People bustled around in conversation, most of them fully colored. Adam sat me at the table and told me he would be back in a moment. I thumbed through the pictures, admiring the landscapes and the brilliant colors. "Would you like a drink with those?" a voice asked. I glanced up to a grand-fatherly old man. "They're to help recruits relax," he explained, gesturing to the photographs. They were relaxing. I had missed the ocean and the mountains and the trees even more than I thought.

"Do you have juice? Orange juice?" I asked hopefully. He laughed boisterously. 

"We do," he said when he was done laughing. "You aren't the first person to ask for it. It's still orange, you know?" It was, and I couldn't help but marvel at the liquid in the glass that was brought to me. 

"I see you've met Charles," Adam said when he returned. "He's our resident Colorer. In case you're refusing to shake his hand too, I suggest you shake it. We might be pleasantly surprised." I felt the blood rush to my cheeks and by way of apology, I stood and shook Adam's hand first.

I mumbled an apology and he laughed it off. "Drew," I said, introducing myself. "I was a bit... Overwhelmed. And suspicious. I still am, to be honest." 

Charles extended a hand which I eagerly took. "Call me Chuck," he said with a grin. I looked down in awe as the color started to seep into my arm, the hue I hadn't seen in two years returning to my grey skin. I was left speechless for a moment and then for another moment when Adam turned me towards a mirror and I could see the color of my skin and hair in full. 

"What happened out there?" I stammered finally. The world was grey and lifeless from top to bottom; the trees and the people and the clouds and everything in between. Yet here they had found the secret to color, the secret they seemed to be selfishly holding instead of spreading it back into the world again.

For the first time, Adam's smile faltered and he directed me back to the table. He wrung his hands for a moment, as if agonizing over the right words to use. "We don't know. The only difference between you and us is that you don't know what you don't know. We've been working to get answers but...". His sentence tapered off and I took it to mean that there were more unknowns than knowns at this point. "We call ourselves the Roseistance." He chuckled at the wordplay. "We don't know what or who we're resisting, but we figure it's something."

I looked around. There were dozens of people going in and out of what seemed to be a network of rooms. I caught a glance of the next room over which was painted in the same bright colors. People sat at computers, furiously working away. "What are they doing?" Communications had to be tracked. They were tracked before the Great Blinding and there was no reason to think they wouldn't be tracked now. Even if they were using secured connections, somebody had to be seeing the work they were doing.

Adam seemed glad to hear a question he could provide an answer to. "They're trying to find answers. It seems like, at some level, somebody has to have answers. Everything was too ready for the Blinding. There was barely a hiccup up there," he said, pointing up towards the surface. "Except for people like you and me." I had gotten the same vibe at the firm. There had been disaster recovery procedures in place for a disaster that nobody should have ever foreseen. "Everybody seems to have gone dark for a year, but then people started to see again. We don't know where it started, but we all eventually bumped into each other and started recruiting. Now we each have a role."

"What will mine be?" I asked curiously. I clearly couldn't color since I probably would have been able to color myself. This cell of the resistance movement seemed to already have enough Watchers to fill their ranks. 

"We'll work to figure that out." He stood abruptly and led me through another door into a grey bedroom. I saw the writing on the walls again and I felt my heart start pounding. A young boy sat at a desk near a bed, duly listening to a book, his sightless eyes staring blankly at a wall. His skin was a familiar grey pallor and my stomach churned uncomfortably. 

"Dad?" the boy asked, pausing the book and looking our way. His eyes didn't quite settle on us. He couldn't be much older than six. I imagined the panic he must have felt waking up blind one morning. We had all felt it, but as an adult I had the twisted comfort of knowing that we were all in the same situation. It would have made less sense to a child. 

Adam sighed and seemed crestfallen. "Hey, buddy," he answered quietly. "Drew here, he's going to hold your hand, okay?" The boy frowned but nodded and reached out blindly. "This is the first test," Adam explained. His eyes were sad but hopeful, as if he expected me to work some sort of magic. "I need you to hold his hands." I did as instructed, feeling the boy's small, soft hands in mine. 

"Now what?"

"Chuck says you have to will the color into them. We don't let him near him. I need you to will the sight into him first."

"Sight? Like will him to see?" It didn't work that way, I didn't think. The sight had come to me randomly, or at least it seemed like it. I had woken up and suddenly the world was a little more normal than the previous evening. I thought back to yesterday and if I had been jostled by anybody or if a hand had lingered on mine for long enough to will the sight into me. There were always awkward encounters in a bustling city full of groping crowds of blind people but if somebody had given me sight I imagined they would have said something. Or they would have been ready to recruit me the next day.

Adam nodded. "Please. Just try. We think some people might be Seers. They may be able to give sight." So I did as instructed, holding the boy's hands and willing him to see again. When I had exerted whatever effort it seemed appropriate to exert on such a futile task, I let go and turned back towards Adam. His eyes were damp but he gave me a half smile of appreciation. "Thank you," he said, directing me towards the door to the room. I paused and turned around as I heard Adam helping his son to his feet. "Alright, buddy, time for bed now," he said to the boy. "We'll see if you feel better in the morning."

*****

 is available!First of all, apologies to anybody who commented on Part 2 that I didn't respond to. 2.2k comments is more than I or my computer could handle. There is a note at the bottom for how to follow future developments of this story.









*****

I couldn't resist the urge to slip out of the base early the next morning to catch a glimpse of a sunrise over water. Security was surprisingly relaxed for a resistance movement. In spite of the weight that the words on the walls seemed to carry over everybody, the mystery of whatever entity had caused the Blinding and written the words seemed to result in indifference when it came to guarding the door. A Watcher sitting at the door shrugged as I crept out the door. "Be careful out there," he said sleepily. 

"Careful of what?"

He shrugged and waved his hand vaguely. "Them." If them was people, the guard was ill-suited to do anything. If there was something else... I shook my head in frustration and stepped out into the grey alleyway. At the far end, I could see people bustling by without even glancing down towards me. I had to remind myself that they were blind. All of them were blind. I fell right into step with them, doing my best to avoid collisions without drawing attention to myself. Several times somebody would stare right at me and I would feel my heart flutter. But the looks were consistently empty and sightless.

I found myself drawn to a riverbank where I had spent many hours walking on lunch breaks and before then when I needed breaks from my studies. Benches lined the walkway that ran along the water's edge. Once there would have been lovers strolling along hand in hand or parents walking as their children skipped along in front. That would be hazardous now, given the water and the propensity of children to get themselves into dangerous situations. It was emptier now but a few people still walked along, occasionally grasping for a stone and tossing it into the water. I smiled at the ripples that I could finally see again and I pitied those unseeing souls. They still said excuse me when they bumped into somebody. They still felt the warmth of the sun on their faces but were blind to its brilliant splendor. I could see it through the fog now, the grey haze unyielding.

The same wretched words were scrawled on the benches and the walkway. "Don't tell them you can see," repeated over and over again as I walked. I passed the occasional walker in the other direction, always making sure to stay away from the edge of the water. They ignored me, and I figured they just couldn't hear me. In the distance, a well-dressed woman approached, her pantsuit a dark shade of grey that contrasted sharply with her deathly pale skin. She wore sunglasses, an odd fashion choice given the dim sun and an even more bizarre choice considering she was blind. We were on a clear collision course - clear to me, at least - and I shuffled to avoid her. She moved with me in an awkward dance and her thin grey lips turned into a sneer. 

"Why don't we have a chat?" she asked, pointing a fingernail as black as her hair towards the nearest bench. I felt the bile rise in my throat as she smoothly removed her sunglasses revealing brown eyes almost dark enough to match the rest of her discolored being. She smiled at me cruelly, knowing she had caught me in some sort of trap reserved for those who could see. I glanced around and she shook her head. "Maybe don't," she snarked, quashing any ideas I had of fleeing. I sighed and sat, looking out over the waves that lapped gently against the concrete side of the walkway. She sat with me in silence for a moment and we watched a pair of gulls amble by. "It's nice, isn't it?" Her sunglasses were back on now.

I nodded. It would be nicer in color, but I was glad to even be able to see. "You're one of them, aren't you?" The words marred the view, a constant reminder of this twisted reality and I wondered what terrible fate would meet me now that they knew. 

"Oh, my," she responded with a chuckle and a shake of her head. "No, not at all. I have no idea who they are."

"Then who are you? Why are we chatting?"

She glanced sideways, casting me a long, pensive look. "Do you know what happens when they discover somebody can see?" I shook my head. I knew people just disappeared sometimes, but that had always been the case, even before the Blinding. She pursed her lips and nodded as if this proved her point. "It's not good." I arched my eyebrows at her, prompting her to expand her explanation. "They die, to keep it simple." 

"How? You must have seen it. Somebody must have seen it." She seemed to know more than she was letting on and it made me doubt everything she had said so far.

"Something in the fog..." She paused, looking out over the river to where the fog thickened so much that you couldn't see the other side. "They disappear, just like the world did for all of us two years ago. One minute you can see them, the next minute you can't." She shook her head like she dreaded the thought, having seen it so many times already. Then she switched gears, launching a renewed assault on the little bit I thought I knew. "You know that little group of yours? The Roseistance I think they call themselves?" I kept a straight face and neither confirmed nor denied. She shrugged. She seemed to already know the answer. "They're going to be the end of us."

I gawked at her. That was absurd. I had seen dozens of them colored and seeing and they were perfectly fine. "How? They just want things how they were. There was color. People could see. There's nothing wrong with wanting that back." 

She stared at me and I could see my reflection in her sunglasses as we sized each other up. My hair was trimmed short since yesterday after a couple years of letting it grow long and unkempt. I had shaved in the evening too, removing two years of a tangled, brown beard to reveal my boyish face. I didn't love the look without facial hair but there was no salvaging the mess it had been. "All the coloring? Trying to find a Seer? If they succeed, we're all done. They'll be granting sight left and right and once whoever this them thing is finds out we can all see?" She scoffed. "Well, that'll be the end."

"So what are you suggesting? Are you going to kill them? Are you going to kill me?" 

She laughed again that laugh that I found exceedingly unpleasant. It was as if she was mocking me, not just for my ignorance but for the dreams I had of returning things to some semblance of normality. "No, that's not my job," she corrected, enunciating the *my* in an alarming way. I felt a chill run up my spine. "We try to take a preventative approach instead of facing that ridiculously named resistance movement head on."

"A preventative approach? You kill people before they can see? That doesn't make you any different than whoever they are," I said, waving my hand around. It seemed to be the widely accepted gesture for referring to them. 

She sighed at me. "Stop jumping to conclusions. What we know is a lot simpler than you think. We don't kill anybody we don't have to kill. We just locate Seers and..."

"Kill them," I interrupted again, trying to finish her sentence.

She shook her head and sighed again. "Stop doing that. We don't kill them. We just prevent them from giving more people sight. We keep it under control. We make sure we won't get discovered."

"You're scared." It wasn't a question. It was a statement, as true as her skin was pale. "Your fear makes you the enemy. You're keeping people from seeing."

She looked at me curiously and she looked more human than she had up until now. "I don't want to be blind again," she said simply after contemplating for a moment. "You don't either. You wouldn't be here admiring this little bit of a view otherwise, right?"

I sighed mournfully. She wasn't wrong. I had never quite grown accustomed to not seeing like some others seem to have. I missed the colors and the movement too much. I couldn't stand the idea of losing it all again. "Right," I said finally. "I don't want to be blind again either."

*****





I plan to continue but responding to ~2200 comments is going to be quite the task and I'd rather not do it again. In order to subscribe to this mini-series and whatever it becomes, simply comment the following and the (hopefully) wonderful Butler Bot created by /u/elfboyah will alert you when I post something else with this tag. Make sure you get a confirmation message from the bot, otherwise you did something wrong. 

HelpMeButler <The Great Blinding>We were still sitting on the bench in silence as the sun reached its peak. The fog had given no solace, no little gap through which the sun could reach us unimpeded. I sat there, a reluctant and pensive prisoner, her a mysterious captor, each ignorant of the other's thoughts. Finally we both moved to speak simultaneously and I laughed awkwardly as she ignored my interruption and spoke anyways. "We could use your services," she said simply, not turning towards me. "Your discretion would be encouraged, of course, but your position could help guarantee everybody's survival."

I shook my head. "I don't think you've been completely candid with me. I want answers. Then you'll get your answer." She considered my request for a moment before shrugging. I took it as an indication to continue. "The words. Did you write them?"

"I did not," she responded simply and without expanding. I glowered at her, starting to understand the rules she was playing by.

"Do you know who wrote them? And who are you?" I asked. 

"Carissa," she responded. "And yes, I do." I sighed and tenderly rubbed the bridge of my nose, cursing her stubborn taciturnity. She chuckled at my visible frustration and seemed to decide that she would humor me. "There are people. All they do is write."

"Can they see?" She shook her head and I looked at her in surprise. 

"No," she answered. "Often its people who aren't... Quite right. I suggest steering clear if you bump into them."

"How did they get into my apartment?" The words had been everywhere. On the floor, on the ceiling, on the walls. They were on the streets and on the sidewalks and on the walls. Whoever these Writers were, they really wanted to make sure I saw their work. And if they had been in my apartment, I hadn't noticed or they had come through when I was gone. Neither thought was particularly comforting. 

She cocked her head at me irritably and then picked at a black fingernail in apparent boredom. "This is a lot of questions for me to get one answer." When I stayed silent, she sighed with exasperation. "There are Handlers who help them and direct them." She paused before deciding there was more to say. "This," she said, pointing a finger first to me and then to herself, "was not a coincidence. You have skills..." She tapered off and reevaluated her words. "Not skills like me or a Seer or a Colorer. You have connections and a position that happens to coincide with where we think the answers are."

"The firm?" She nodded and I felt vindicated by my suspicions that they had in fact been too prepared. This cult or organization had come to the same conclusion. 

"We need you to keep going to work. Keep pretending you're blind, obviously. Don't draw attention to yourself. And we need you to keep interacting with the Roseistance. Tell them you're keeping an eye out for others. I don't care. Just do as you're told, help us find answers and keep Seers away from the Roseistance, and we'll both be happier for it."

"Okay," I agreed, standing. "How will I find you?" I reached out a hand to seal the deal. She ignored it and I sheepishly slipped it back into my pocket.

"Same way you did this time. I'll be here."

I glanced behind me as I walked away and the fog had almost completely concealed her. She was still sitting at the bench, staring impassively over the river. Had I not seen her eyes, I would still be convinced she was blind. That was the point, I guess. Convincing whoever they were that she couldn't see. I liked the idea of a safer approach to recovering our sight and discovering the cause of the Great Blinding but I couldn't help but feel a sense of unease at being part of the systematic suppression of sight in the meantime. She had also all but confirmed that they had had a Seer give me sight so part of me felt I should be thankful for that. 

I weaved my way back through the crowd of laborers out getting lunch. It shocked me how little had changed, in spite of everybody being blind and, as if for good measure, the world going grey. Cars still whizzed by - albeit driverless cars now - and stoplights still blinked, just slightly different shades of grey instead of red or green or yellow. Televisions in cafes and delis still ran the news, the background noise providing a sense of familiar comfort. At tables, people listened to books or to podcasts or chatted with similarly dressed associates. The spontaneity - catching somebody's eye in a coffee shop or connecting over a book - seemed to have gone the way of their sight. 

In front of the office building where I worked, I paused. I resisted the urge to look upwards at the behemoth structure that eclipsed the sun even back when the fog didn't. Once familiar colleagues rushed by, their hair now over-grown or their make-up disregarded. I felt a twinge of suspicion, too, wondering which of them might have known more about what would happen than they were letting on. From the corner of my eye, I could see a dash of color in the alleyway where the Roseistance was headquartered duck back into the doorway to continue their watch. Where their resistance had yesterday seemed brave and selfless, it now struck me as foolish and short-sighted.

Adam's voice beside me caught me by surprise and I realized I had been staring in fascination through a window to a television. "Way to be subtle," he said with a grin, gripping my shoulder. I laughed it off, snapping my gaze away from the anchorman. His tie was impressively straight and he stared fixedly at the camera, his eyes less empty than the eyes of the people around us. 

"Sorry," I mumbled. I glanced around furtively in case they had seen us. I turned back towards Adam. The sadness I had seen the previous night as he kissed his son goodnight was gone, replaced by the familiar cheeriness I had seen amongst the Roseistance members. "How's your son?" I asked. I immediately winced. Misery loves company and his smile drooped now.

"Same old." He shrugged. "I guess you weren't the answer to our prayers," he added with a chuckle. 

I laughed back humorlessly. "I could have told you that." 

He misread my reaction for self-pity and gave me a pat on the back. "Don't worry, Drew. We'll find a role for you yet."

I shifted uncomfortably and avoided his gaze. "I have to get to work," I said lamely, pointing up at the building as I changed the subject. He stared at me in confusion. "For money. For food. And rent. To live." I waved my hand around, encompassing everything around us as evidence. 

He must have thought I was joking. "We supply everything you need. We have people who... acquire it." It was a boldfaced euphemism for theft. Everybody had heard reports of the increased looting since the Great Blinding. "You're with the Roseistance now." 

I brushed off his hand that was still on my shoulder. "I'll be there after work, Adam," I said and I slipped into the building. The lobby was bustling with people and I maneuvered my way past them and then badged through the turnstiles to reach the elevator. An attendant stood patiently inside, waiting by the buttons. I looked them up and down and he smiled at me pleasantly. 

"Which floor?"

"Sixteen," I answered. Blind fingers reached deftly for the right button. I thanked the attendant as I got off. I was less than a quarter of the way up the building, quite some distance from the c-suite offices at the top but some sort outline of a plan was beginning to formulate. "Sorry I'm late," I said meekly to my boss, peaking my head into his office. He was facing the wall and squeezing a stress ball. I think he did that more than he worked. He didn't care if I arrived at eight or at noon or if I didn't show up at all.

"No worries, Drew," he responded with a smile, pausing for a moment to turn his head my way. Then his attention was back to the stress ball. He had been squeezing it and bouncing it off the wall for two years now. I shook my head and made my way back to the elevators. 

"Fifty-four," I told the attendant. He looked my way oddly and I felt obligated to explain why I was back. "Boss wanted me to run something up," I explained. He smiled politely back and as the elevator started to move I slipped a hand behind him and pressed another button. "Thanks," I said as the elevator came to a stop on the fifty-fourth floor and I stepped forwards. The doors opened to an office space not much different than my own and then slid to a close again. 

Then the elevator continued its upwards trajectory and I could see the attendant shifting in confusion at the upwards movement. The elevator heralded our arrival to the topmost floor with the usual ding and I slipped out before the attendant realized he hadn't been alone. 

"Sorry, Sandra," he said apologetically to the receptionist. "I must have pressed the wrong button." He seemed to doubt himself but I stayed silent and he shrugged and the doors closed shut behind me. The top floor and everything on it was as grey as anywhere else and I felt disappointed to have apparently not stumbled across some sort of eye-opening revelation. Maybe I expected a circle of colored executives plotting how to keep us all blind. There was nothing of the sort. Everything was grey except the receptionist, who stared straight ahead unseeing but basked in a full array of colors. At some point, she seemed to have been graced by a Colorer and not even realized it since no Seer had stumbled upon her. Her eyes were adorned in carefully applied mascara and her cheeks rosy with blush. I carefully stepped aside, out of what would have once been her line of sight. Her eyes didn't follow me and I let out a silent sigh of relief. She sat still as a statue, hands clasped idly on her lap atop a professional brown skirt. If it weren't for the occasional blink, I would have thought she was a mannequin.

To the left, there was a black wall. I knew the building extended further that way but there was no indication of a door and asking the receptionist to allow me through didn't seem a viable option. So I went right, towards the glass-walled conference room with a dozen chairs set neatly around a wooden table and the glass-walled office that would have once overlooked the city. Now the sight was obscured by the fog, so thick that one could not quite see the ground and instead only the tallest other buildings peaked out over the fog below. Above the fog the sky was blue. I stared speechless for a moment, admiring the simple beauty of it. Then I busied myself with rifling through the contents of the desk, a task that proved fruitless and left me frustrated. There were client contracts and pages of notes but nothing about the Blinding. 

Back in the lobby of the top floor, the receptionist was still sitting perfectly still, seemingly oblivious to the presence pacing back and forth in front of her. There was a stairwell near the elevator but the door was locked and for a moment I thought she might have heard my clumsy attempt at opening the door. Pressing the button for the elevator would make a sound; then she would surely hear and alarms would go off and I would find myself escorted off the premises. Or worse. I glanced around nervously. She looked amused. "I take it you didn't have a plan for leaving?" she asked and I felt my blood run cold and the color drain from my face when I heard her voice. She was looking straight towards me now, her head pivoting mechanically as I stepped from side to side.

I shook my head and backed towards the elevator and grasped backwards for the button. She stood robotically and walked around the desk before stiffly turning towards me. Her eyes never deviated from staring straight ahead. The elevator dinged and the doors opened and I sensed a presence behind me; something ominous and inhuman and definitely not the elevator attendant. The receptionist was close enough that I could see the tiny imperfections in her red lipstick and her trembling eyes as she forced herself to not look past me at whatever the elevator had brought up. "What did the words say?" she hissed. 

"Don't tell them you can see," I responded, reciting the phrase I must have seen several thousand times now. She chuckled darkly and nodded, her eyes still fixed on me.

"Well, now they know," she whispered and she turned back towards her desk. Fog began to dissipate from the elevator and little tendrils began to creep past me, snaking around my arms and legs. 

*****



Since this is turning into a bit of a longer series with the potential to be a bigger project, I would hugely appreciate any feedback, critiques, guesses about where it's headed (that I may use as inspiration since in some ways I'm as much in the dark - pun intended - as the reader or the blind characters) etc. 

If you didn't subscribe to the story last time or if you didn't get an alert this time, make sure to write a comment saying:

HelpMeButler <The Great Blinding>

I don't know if it's case sensitive or anything but if you write exactly that, it should work. If you got a message when I posted this, you should be good to proceed without subscribing again!"If we get back to Earth, even with just one ship..." I muttered half-heartedly as I lay in my bunk toying with the blade Commander Bartus had given me. 

Josh grunted from his desk as he pored over maps of Earth on his tablet. "I'd bet Chichen Itza and Stonehenge have other buttons," he said with feigned certainty. I frowned as he listed off a few more monuments that were likely to have survived the wars. 

"We'll need more than two people and a single ship to explore each of those and press all the buttons." He nodded in disappointed agreement. "Is there anybody else we can convince? Another pilot, preferably?" I sighed in desperation. It was hopeless. Any questions asked would lead to increased scrutiny from the council, followed by our untimely demise. "We'll have to go at it on our own." I sat up abruptly, swinging my feet off the edge of the bed. "Let's take a pair of ships, you've managed one before. They're locked in at night but I know the code. We can be back on Earth before they even notice."

"And then what? Go from monument to monument looking for secret passageways and buttons?" I nodded and he cautiously rose to his feet and gave me a shrug. "One last hurrah, I guess," he said with a nervous smile. "Then they'll execute us and that'll be that."

The landing wing of the mothership was deserted at that hour of the night and we stealthily made our way between the armory and the landing dock. "Everything we need is in the ships," I explained to Josh, pointing out the extra weapon for the pilots and the emergency rations tucked beside a grapple in each craft. "Just fix your tracking on me once we leave and she'll do the rest. I've set them to a secure radio channel so we can keep each other updated."

"What do you mean?" He asked me with a concerned frown. "Won't we be doing it together?" I stared at him hesitantly before slowly shaking my head.

"That'll take twice as long. You'll take half the monuments, I'll take the other half. You can start with the pyramid so you know what to look for." A look of sadness crossed his face as understanding crept into his eyes and he pulled me close for a hug.

"Good luck, man. We'll need it." Without another word, I climbed into my craft and watched Josh climb into his before disappearing into the darkness at maximum speed. The pale ghost of what was once our habitable planet appeared in the distance, doubling in size again and again as we zoomed closer. 

"Charlie Unit here," I said out of habit before correcting myself, catching his eye as I slowed down to let him pull up next to me. "Josh, it's Alex, obviously. Head for the coordinates of the pyramids and just do what I told you I did." He nodded and confirmed and I watched the tail of his craft disappear towards the pyramids. I turned and made my way towards the Mayan counterpart, half a world away. 

A voice over the radio made me jump. "Alex, this is Commander Bartus," it growled menacingly and I cringed. We had barely made it to Earth and they were onto us. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" I said nothing and from the speakers came an exasperated sigh. "Cut the bullshit now. Something bugged you about the pyramid and the president is a politician to the core so I know he lies as often as he breathes. What did you see?"

"You really don't know?" I asked tentatively as the Mayan ruins came into a view. Thousands and thousands of years and hundreds of civilizations and here I was, amongst the handful who managed to truly ruin the world. Commander Bartus growled a negative and I frowned in confusion. "You're with them though. You're in it as much as them and told me not to go further into the pyramid."

"I'm not in anything except a pissed off mood," he spat in response and I shuddered to think of the poor soldiers who would have to deal with him in person. "Now tell me what the fuck is going on or I'll have you executed as a deserter faster than you can blink." I swallowed hard and explained, detailing the chamber at the end of the passageway and the realizations Josh and I had had. Commander Bartus was silent as I finished and when his radio finally came to life, he sounded every bit the ruthless killer he was known to be. "Do some magic, boy, and let me know when you're ready and I'll announce to the motherships what you've discovered. Let the people tear those conniving imbeciles apart limb from limb. Best of luck. Out." I stared at the radio in shock as I landed the craft near the first steps of the biggest pyramid. The man seemed as clueless as anybody else.

"Pyramid is done," Josh breathlessly reported over the radio. "You weren't kidding about any of this..." I snorted derisively, truly wishing it had all been a cruel joke. "Heading to Stonehenge now." From the top of the Mayan ruin I could see a landscape nearly identical to what I had seen the previous day. A dead wasteland spanned in every direction; gone were the dense forests and wildlife that would have once greeted my arrival.

In the belly of the ruin, down a passageway identical to the one in the pyramid, I found the next button. "This says five," I mumbled in horrified realization as I shone my flashlight towards the button. "There's still at least three more," I repeated into the radio and Josh let out an audible groan. 

"And we have company," he whispered hoarsely and I gulped down my fear as I heard the whirring of a squadron of ships echo down the passageway.My craft shuddered lightly as I docked her into the mothership. I felt for my gun out of habit before remembering that the unit sent to pick me up had disarmed me first thing. I thought that my execution would come next but instead they had ordered me to find my way home and forget everything about the mission. "You're unharmed?" Commander Bartus asked urgently the moment I stepped out of my craft, his vice-like grip squeezing my arm. I nodded numbly as I remembered to limp and he steered me towards the debriefing room where the president awaited. "Smile and nod," he suggested as he pushed me into the room. 

"Alex," the president greeted me as I entered, standing to shake my hand. I eyed him suspicously before paying my respects. "I'm so glad you arrived safely," he added with a dangerous smile. "We wouldn't have wanted anything to happen now, would we?" I shook my head as I assumed was expected. The man reeked of deceit. "I'm sorry to have brought you back from the pyramid so urgently. Is your ankle alright?" I nodded silently and he smiled politely. Directing me to sit, he dismissed the guards until it was just the Commander and a few high-ranking members of the president's council. "So we almost had a mishap today," the president began as he made his way to the front of the room. A few of the council members seemed to stifle chuckles as they glanced at me. "Alex here stumbled upon our apocalypse shelter beneath the pyramids. Not a disaster in itself, but if word was to emerge that not everybody would fit... Well, we would have a riot on our hands." The council members laughed heartily at this apparent joke. One even went so far as to pat me on the back, saying he was glad I had come to reason. 

I gave my best impression of a smile and raised my hand to speak. "No worries, ladies and gentlemen. I saw nothing." The president nodded in approval and Commander Bartus let out a sigh of relief, running a hand through his close-cropped graying hair. After describing to me again what I would have found had I continued down the passageway and mentioning a couple other shelters scattered about certain landmarks, the president dismissed the council, leaving me alone with the Commander. 

"You sure you're alright?" He asked again, turning towards me. I nodded and responded meekly. "Look at me, boy," he commanded and I lifted my eyes to meet his. "Did you see anything out of the ordinary? Did you make it to the chamber? What was it like?" I shook my head at each question, not breaking eye contact.

"Nothing out of the ordinary, sir. Other than the passageway which surprised me so much I twisted my ankle stepping down. I didn't get far." He narrowed his eyes at me before nodding in approval.

"Pity, I was curious about their preparations," he mumbled softly and I struggled to hide my racing heart behind a deep breath. "Anyways," he continued with a shrug, "let me know if anybody gives you any trouble. You have my word that you'll remain safe." He stood to leave and I followed before he stopped me at the door, thrusting a narrow blade into my hand. "In case you run into an issue. Make your way to the hospital ward before that ankle gets worse and report to the armory for a replacement weapon when you're ready. I won't have one of my men walking around naked." I saluted and remembered to hobble off to the hospital. 

"'Sup, bro?" Josh asked with a grin when he saw me enter the hospital. Having been a doctor before the evacuation, I knew that if he wasn't in our shared room, I would find him in the hospital ward now. His smile disappeared when he saw my empty holster and fake limp. "Quit limping, you look like an idiot," he jibed but led me to a private room nonetheless. 

"My ankle is fine," I said when the door was closed behind us. He frowned and pointed questioningly at my empty holster. "I was on Earth," I started and he nodded enthusiastically, urging me to continue. "It's a shithole now. Literally. Smells like shit, looks like shit, nothing but shit." A flash of darkness crossed his usually bright eyes. He had taken the loss of our home planet a bit harder than the rest, if that was possible. Nature had been his escape ever since we had met in highschool and the sterility of outer space combined with the cramped quarters of the ship were enough to nearly drive him crazy. "I was at the pyramids," I said simply and he glanced up at me from the ankle brace he was dutifully preparing, figuring I would need it if I had been faking an injury. 

"Without me? Man, that's low," he said with a chuckle and a shake of his head. I grabbed his arm and pulled him close. 

"There's a passageway that opens from the top of it," I hissed urgently, watching his rollercoaster of emotions continue into shock. 

"Illuminati level shit, man. You're messing with me." I shook my head.

"I was just in a debriefing with the president and his council. Something isn't like it should be. They claim there's a shelter at the bottom but..." He looked at me impatiently, begging me to continue. "There's a tiny room. And there's just a button. And it just says reset four." Josh sat down next to me onto the hospital bed and pinched the bridge of his nose.

"So there's at least three others, right?" I nodded. At least that many, and the president had seemed to confirm the presence of others in the debriefing. "You remember the guys in the psych ward at University Hospital?" I nodded. He had brought home countless stories of the conspiracies the men in the ward swore by and when the core started cooling, many of them had become violent with passion as they repeated their theories. They had all been left to die when the evacuation happened, the leadership figures not looking to have fountains of nonsense reserving valuable man-hours and supplies. "One of them... One of the craziest, he claimed to have been on a team of people tasked with cooling the core of the Earth and that he was kicked off when he started voicing his concerns. Crazy as they come. But he said there were reset buttons and that when the time was right, the leaders of the evacuees would flip the switch to make the Earth livable and repopulate it with loyal subjects. And beneath the layer of ash and shit, there was supposed to be a basically endless supply of fossil fuel."

"That's insanity. They won't even be around by then," I stuttered, failing to understand how their plan would work. 

Josh shook his head. "We've nearly confirmed that the cyrogenic chambers work. They've been tested short-term with complete success. We've frozen people for a few days and they wake up without having aged. The only question is if they'll work for times longer than a lifespan. Some old man who looked hours from dying is actually in one now. If he wakes up..." He paused for emphasis. I had seen the chambers with the seemingly lifeless faces staring out from the window. It was theorized that an eternity to the people outside would pass like a blink to the people within. "Have you told anybody else? You need to tell your Commander. You trust him, right?"

I shook my head, running my hand through my hair as I thought of Commander Bartus. "He's with them. I don't know who to trust. But we need to get back and find the rest of the buttons and press them for whatever hell they might do."A sense of peace came over me, just briefly. Then colors flashed; the round blue logo of the company, the rainbow assortment inside the candy jar on the receptionist's desk, the geometric patterns of the carpet flooring. The fog was blue and it was black and it swirled and churned even where moments before there had been no fog. Then it went dark again, a darkness so black that even a hint of grey would have been comforting. I pulled against the sinewy tendrils wrapped around my arms and legs. I felt them tear and dissolve and momentarily release their hold just to wrap around me again. They tore my clothes and left long gashes down my arms that seeped black blood. 

Lights flashed and the world was grey now; her brown skirt grey and my hands the deathly pallor of the colorless and sightless masses outside and the logo and the candies back to a muted shade. Figures moved in my periphery, shadowy creatures of the fog, humanoid but diffusing as quickly as I could discern them into tentacles and reaching arms. There was color again; I could see the terror in her eyes and the agitated red luster of her cheeks as I clutched her blonde hair and pulled her back towards me desperately. The wisps of grey grasped furiously, hungering for something or someone. I saw them rip into her face, tearing at her eyes and ears as they took a hold of her arms and legs. Her blood was as black as mine.

Everything went dark. Blackness. Oppressive and ominously familiar but I faced it with renewed resolve. It was different than the Great Blinding when the shock was overwhelming and I had staggered into the street to see if anybody else's sight had been cruelly torn from them. Then, people had confirmed numbly. Indifferently. Something had compelled them to stumble their way to work and continue as if nothing was amiss. They had told me it was for the best. They had told me it was necessary. My blind quest for answers had predictably led me nowhere in spite of being fueled by anger and confusion. Search results were curated and censored and the answers were unsatisfactory and concocted, intended to assuage people's fear and keep them from prying any further. Eventually I just went about my quotidian routine, internally incensed but externally acquiescent and subservient. Like we were supposed to be. Like most everybody else was, robotically performing their expected duties like lifeless slaves to some invisible master.

This time would be different. I had seen again. I had seen what they had done to the world but I had also seen that there could still be color. I had connected with the Roseistance and I had connected with Carissa and I knew that there were people out there who could restore my sight. I had hope now, and I knew that something could be done, unlike when the Blinding occured and hope eventually gave way to helpless resignation. 

My arms were free, released from the fog's fateful grip. I groped blindly, my hands settling on a motionless body. "Don't touch me, please," a voice said quietly. Meekly. It was the receptionist, as alive as me. I was surprised but relieved, grateful that pulling her into the fog in my place hadn't killed her but fully expecting her to be gone. She was, in a sense. At least to my eyes. The flat apathy of her voice was the same I had heard in coworkers and family members and strangers when the fog first rendered us blind and thereafter. Gone was her amusement as she cornered me and toyed with my desperation at the end of my impulsive exploration. Gone was the fascinated tremor of her voice as she ruthlessly sacrificed me to the fog. My fingers lingered on the steely cool of her leg for a moment before I moved them away. 

"Sorry," I mumbled awkwardly. I was apologizing for touching her. I was apologizing for pulling her into the fog and allowing it to violate her how it had. If it was anything similar to what it had done to me, she deserved an apology. I was apologizing for being blind and unable to know quite where my hands would land again. I heard her sigh and stand and straighten her skirt. 

"Security will be here shortly," she reported simply. I heard her pace back to her desk, the footsteps muted by the carpet. It felt rough under my hands. I tenderly rubbed my arm where the tendrils had gripped. There was no indication that anything had ever been there; not a scratch or a blemish I could feel. My clothes were intact and untorn. I punched the floor in rage. I hated being blind again. I hated that the fog had managed to wrest away from me that iota of a triumph and good fortune that regaining my vision had been. I hated that Carissa had lied to me, telling me that the fog would kill when I had heard and felt both of our bodies laying here after the fog had done its work. I hated that I would have to go crawling back to the walkway by the riverbank, groping blindly to find the right bench and then hope that that deceitful woman would pity me enough to have a Seer grant me back my sight. It was like a nightmare where I ran and ran but my feet didn't move and my inevitable demise just came closer and closer.

I barely cared that security would be there to escort me out of the building. I could manage, I was fairly certain, between the support of the Roseistance and... Well, that was it. Carissa was unlikely to think I had anything to offer now that I was no longer employed at the firm and I would be fortunate to convince her that I deserved to have my sight back.

"Can you see?" I asked the receptionist as I gathered my wits and stood shakily. I was convinced she could see before. Maybe I had been a little bit louder than intended as I snooped through the office and around her desk. But the way she came at me and did everything possible to avoid a glance at the terrifying fog preparing to attack convinced me she could see. She had just gone about hiding it in that stiff, robotic manner. Everybody who could see seemed to have their own way of hiding it, refined by practice but still an awkward mimicry of how the actual blind acted. 

"No," she answered, her voice demure and resigned. So that was that. I resolved to convince Carissa to have a Seer restore my vision, be it with words or in some less savory manner. She had the Seers that the Roseistance couldn't find. She had planted this little seed in my mind. She hadn't asked me to come snooping through the top levels of the building but I couldn't help but blame her for confirming my suspicions and giving me a little trickle of information and half-truths. I was convinced she knew more than she was letting on. 

"Are you okay? Your face... The fog... There was blood." My voice tapered off, reluctant to relive the carnage that the fog had ravaged upon her face.

"I'm fine," she answered resolutely. "I don't know what you're talking about." Her voice was more confident now. I didn't doubt that she had no recollection of what had happened. I had seen my own arms torn and punctured by the tendrils of the fog but now felt no pain and had no physical mark indicating that any damage had been done.

The elevator dinged and the attendant greeted the receptionist warmly, as if the fog hadn't just assaulted and maimed us both all over again. He must have traveled up with it, ignorant to its presence as it quietly lingered all around him. I wondered if it was still around us now, lurking hungrily or curling around my arms ready to seize me again in a moment's notice. He had other people with him now, I could tell by the bustle of footsteps and clothes rustling against clothes.

Hands confidently grabbed each of my arms, the grips much more tangible than the grip of the fog but still far less terrifying. There was comfort in what was known. The hands didn't grasp and reach like tendrils of fog or hands of blind people. I let them pull me towards the elevator and paused before stepping on. The guards acquiesced, allowing me a brief moment. Out of habit, I turned my head back towards the receptionist. I couldn't see her but I knew she was there by the sound of her fingers deftly typing away. "Doesn't it bother you?" I gestured with my head in spite of neither of us being able to see. "That they've taken away your sight?" One of the guards pulled at my arm again, beckoning me onwards. I had asked so many people the same question in the early days of the Great Blinding. I always got the same answer. It never seemed to bother them, at least not nearly as much as it bothered me. 

"You'll get used to it," she finally responded ominously as I stepped on and I heard the doors begin to close. I had heard that answer a thousand times before. I never did quite get used to it and I could never quite comprehend how other people did.

The attendant rode down in silence. I wondered if he enjoyed the rides with company more than the ones without. Surely this ride in particular couldn't be enjoyable. Unless it was routine. The thought had crossed my mind that perhaps people like me - those who had unintentionally regained their sight - were gently encouraged to divulge their secret. That way it would seem natural once their sight was taken away again. As natural as a manipulative, blinding fog could be. Maybe the attendant enjoyed the countless indistinguishable voices carelessly discussing business and personal matters alike. Maybe he enjoyed the silence; the whir of the elevator mechanics gradually growing louder as the apparatus accelerated and the eventual ding to indicate that the trip was over. Maybe he enjoyed life this way, invisibly going about his routine indifferent to the ulterior motives of his passengers. It had to be easier to just press the buttons and ride up and down than to start asking questions and be escorted out of the building.

The grip on my arms loosened and the guards chatted idly between themselves as we skipped every floor on the way down. Finally, one of them let go of my arm. I waited a moment to ensure he wasn't just scratching or adjusting his grip then I blindly lifted it towards where I knew the button panel was, taking care not to betray my movements by stepping in that direction. My arm was pulled aggressively downwards again and the guard regained his grip. We fell into an uncomfortable silence, not willing to acknowledge the preemptive and inexplicable reaction to what they shouldn't have been able to see.

*****



Thank you so much to everybody for the ideas, feedback, critiques etc. They were hugely helpful and I did my best to respond to all of them! The general consensus seemed to be that I had rushed headlong into the last section and had to slow things down. I've done my best at that here without making it too short or boring or without any insight as to our protagonist's situation. Thanks for sticking with me as this story continues to develop!

If you have **not** subscribed but would like to, you can comment the following to have the bot update you about future sections:

HelpMeButler <The Great Blinding>I was maimed in the Great Blinding just like everybody else. One day the world was a colorful pastel full of life and movement and the next day we were blind. Not just some of us. Everybody was blind. Color became something that was instead of something that is. I could pick up an apple and not know if it was red or green or yellow or maybe it was just something made to feel like an apple. For a time I would talk about the delicate red feathers of a cardinal I could hear chirping outside my bedroom window. Soon it was just a cardinal, and finally it was just a bird. We lost color, and with the color left a little part of us.

I felt the life trickle out of me the longer I was enveloped in darkness. Walks at the park were monotonous now, meaningless as the darkness there was as dark as the darkness anywhere else. I could feel the leaves; the little veins that coursed up from the stem and the ridges and edges of the bark of a tree. I could hear the splash of water when I tossed a rock into the pond but I could no longer see the ripples of the water or the ducks scurrying away. I knew there should be a meaning to all this, some entity encouraging me to learn to utilize my other senses or to appreciate the sounds of the world, but all I could think of was how beautiful it all used to be.

It has been two years since the Blinding. Two years of darkness. Two years of indoctrination. Verbal illumination, as they called it. We were told what we would see if we could see. We were told how it should look and what it should mean and why things were never quite the way we thought they were. It has been two years since the Blinding, and it has been two hours since I opened my eyes and things were different again.

My world was no longer black when I awoke, suddenly a long unfamiliar contrast between my eyes being open and my eyes being closed. It was offputting but relieving; terrifying but intriguing. There was color again. Not the beautiful oranges and reds and greens of autumn leaves, but at least there was more than just darkness.

The walls were grey and the world was foggy. Shapes turned to letters as I read the words scrawled on my bedroom walls. "Don't tell them you can see," I deciphered, barely construing the different shades of grey that outlined the words. So I didn't. The paranoia overtook me as I hid my vision from whatever power had rendered me blind. I did my best to play it off, to not look at the little grey bird perched on my windowsill and to hide my excitement from my colleagues. I went about my day as I would a blind man, using my hands like feelers as I groped and grasped my way about.

I tapped away at the keyboard on my desk, the lifeless machine reciting back to me my keystrokes and any information it considered relevant to my role. The firm had adopted seamlessly to the Blinding, installing backup measures as if they had been preparing them for years. I peaked. It was the same monotony it had always been.

In the bathroom I saw the words again, etched into the mirror they hadn't bothered to remove. Why would they, after all? We were all blind and mired in the misery of endless introspection. Mirror or no mirror, it made no difference. Everything was grey; the colors no more diverse than light grey and grey and dark grey. But there were those words again, "Don't tell them you can see." I just stood there, looking at myself. My clothes were grey and my face was grey and my eyes that had once been the faintest shade of blue were grey and lifeless as the darkness we were supposed to be in.

I shook my head. I fought back the sadness. I had assumed until now that color still was; if the darkness ever ended, the birds I heard would still be yellow and blue and red and the plants would still have green leaves and purple flowers. Instead they were all grey. I told myself that it was my vision, not that somebody had removed the colors themselves from our beautiful world. I found comfort in convincing myself that my vision was still impaired. The alternative was far worse.

Outside the office, the street was grey and the sky was grey and the buildings that stretched towards that grey sky blended into the clouds just a slightly different shade of grey. But as I looked out, a flash of color caught my eye. A man stood in the shadows of a building, looking out at me from an alleyway as grey as everything else. His shirt was red and his pants were blue and even from this distance I could see the pink of his skin. It dawned on me that if he had color then the birds really were grey and my curiosity struggled to overcome the overwhelming sadness I felt. He stared, and when I finally met his eyes he waved me towards him and disappeared into the alley."Commander? Over," I hissed over the radio. The silence as I waited in the pit of the ruins was deafening. "Commander?" I repeated, fearing the worst. "Now would be a good time to make the announcement. They've come for us." I wiped away a bead of sweat that had formed on my brow and cautiously started making my way back up the stairs. Two buttons were pressed but at least three remained. 

As I emerged into the blistering sunlight, I could see a half-dozen pilots idling beside their crafts. They snapped into motion as I began to creep downwards and I fired towards them, waiting only to watch the nearest of them collapse in a heap before ducking behind the cover of the corner of the monument. A flurry of shots came back my way, tearing apart the ancient stone steps. And then there was silence, broken only by the quiet sizzling of a ship that must have been hit by a stray shot. "You can come out now," a soft voice announced over my radio. I peeked over the step at the scene of carnage. Four pilots lay dead and one gasped for air before being dispatched by a shot to the head. "Commander Bartus sent me," the surviving pilot explained as I carefully made my way to the surface. "Name is Sean. Whatever you need, I'm here to help." 

"What's happening up there?" I asked, nudging my head upwards in the general direction of outer space. 

He shrugged unhelpfully. "Commander said something about making an announcement soon. Sorry about your friend." I frowned at him and demanded clarification to which he duly obliged. "Radio chatter confirmed a kill at about 20 degrees south and 100 degrees east." 

I shook my head in confusion, refusing to believe it. "Not him," I stated assertively, ignoring the inklings of doubt that were creeping in. "What the fuck was he doing there? He was going towards Stonehenge." Sean shrugged and I felt anger boiling up at his indifference. 

"He was heading south so could be he hit it already. Commander says next spot should be somewhere in South America. Don't really tickle my tentacles this time of year but I'll be with you," he drawled annoyingly and I resisted the urge to punch him. The Earth was covered in toxic filth and he just executed his own squad and he still felt like making jokes? I made my way to my ship in silent anger. 

"Machu Picchu or Christ the Redeemer statue," I announced with confidence. Man-made monuments seemed to be the theme amongst the button locations and those were the first to come to mind. "You go to Machu Picchu, I'll hit the statue."

"What do I look for?" He asked curiously, his confident demeanor cracking slightly as he squinted at me.

"Whatever the fuck tickles your tentacles," I answered sarcastically, engaging the engine on my ship and preparing to depart. He chuckled but stared at me blankly. "Just look for a passageway and a button and if you can't find it, keep looking." I watched him disappear southwards before changing direction towards Stonehenge. "Commander, do you read me?" I repeated over the radio, beginning to grow concerned by the silence. 

"Let him be," Sean answered over the same secured channel, making me shake my head in annoyance again. "If he done things right, he'll have a war up there any minute." I scowled and sped northeast over the top part of skyscrapers and mountains and then the empty depths of the once majestic oceans. Keeping low to avoid radar detection, I sped through never-explored crevices and mountains of the old oceans. The walls of the oceanic basin gradually crept upwards as I honed in on Stonehenge's coordinates. "How many of these things are there anyways?" He added as I approached.

"At least 5. Two are taken care of. Another should be in your area, I'm hoping to find a fourth," I explained sharply, tensing as a pair of crafts appeared in front of me and another materialized from above the clouds. "Running into trouble here. Look for where they've sent pilots, they'll be sent to guard the last buttons."

I pulled the trigger to release a burst of tracer bullets that tore into the approaching crafts. A wing tore off the first one, sending the unbalanced remnants hurtling groundwards. The next burst struck the remaining craft head-on and I watched in a mixture of awe and horror as the pilots face disintegrated. Glancing back, I saw the rest of the squadron tailing me and a line of bullets whipped underneath my wing as I spun and turned evasively. Endless hours of training paid off as I pulled upwards and then some to come full loop to wind up behind the remaining crafts.

Another short burst and I nodded in grim confirmation as another spun out of control then watched in satisfaction as a fourth craft plummeted into the ground as he unsuccessfully attempted an evasive maneuver. The remaining pair disengaged and escaped eastwards, disappearing over the bleak horizon as I touched down near Stonehenge. "Just dealt with a squadron," I reported back to Sean. "They're headed eastwards. My guess is we'll find another button in Asia. Over."

"Roger that," he responded with a chuckle. "I'm all up inside Jesus now, where you were supposed to be. Where's the trust, man?" He laughed to himself and I shook my head in irritation. He might have shown up on Commander Bartus' word but he could just as well be betraying us both. "Picchu was empty so I went out there to find a squad of those bastards laying in wait. Ripped 'em a new one and just climbed down the Redeemer's throat. You know there's a passageway here?" I gave a small fist pump of joy before blasting the largest stone apart with my weapon. "Still nothing from your buddy? Over."

I ignored him and trekked through ash and rubble to the steaming hole that had been Stonehenge's largest stone. "Another here," I reported dutifully, glancing around to make sure the sky was clear. If they happened to swing by and destroy my craft, I would be stuck begging Sean for a ride and few things seemed worse than that at the moment. Taking the stairs two at a time, I came across a door just a few dozen steps downwards. "One," I said quietly as I pressed the button. "We're missing two and three, over." Josh should have been here but the area was undisturbed. Somewhere between the pyramids and Stonehenge he had been pushed wildly off course to end up closer to Australia than anything. I glanced at the radio longingly, hoping that the next voice would be his.

"Two down," Sean reported and I sighed in gratitude and disappointment. "I'm headed Asia-ways, boss, over," he added perkily.

I confirmed tersely before beginning a climb back towards outer space. "I'm stopping by the motherships, it's too quiet out there. Out."A few blobs appeared first, dancing around the otherwise empty display of the radar. As I came closer, an inferno appeared; motherships burned as smaller crafts darted around torn chunks of metal and bodiless limbs. "It's a war up here," I murmured into the radio for Sean or Commander Bartus or whoever might be listening. Spotting my own mothership still intact, I darted in her direction, spinning to avoid several shots before squeezing my trigger to watch an anonymous craft burst into thousands of pieces. "What's the status on button three, over?" I asked on the secure channel. 

A breathless voice answered, spouting unintelligible gibberish before finally finding his composure. "Fought off like a dozen but they just keep coming," Sean reported in a panicked voice as I listened to the shots in the background. I slipped into the docking port of the mothership, pulling out my weapon before jumping into the landing wing. Bodies lay dead and dying; soldiers in uniform next to pilots next to plain-clothed citizens, all in a twisted carnage of limbs. Apart from the occasional moan of the wounded, there was an eerie silence as I picked my way through the bodies, the usual chatter of radios and loudspeakers missing. 

I made my way to the president's chambers, ready to execute him and his cronies for the devious plan they had been so close to completing. The same carnage greeted me, only this time the majority were soldiers who had been fighting for hours, judging by the abundance of bullet holes puncturing the inner walls of the mothership. "Alex," I heard a voice moan and I brought my weapon up as I advanced. Commander Bartus sat propped against a wall just inside the door of the chambers, his midsection torn by multiple bullet holes. His radio lay mangled in his hand, explaining why no number of messages had received a response. "It all went to hell. The people got angry and the soldiers... Some were with me trying to restore order and the others... It was a massacre." I glanced around, taking in the red-tinted gore. 

"And the president?" I demanded as I crouched next to the commander, weapon still drawn in case of an enemy. Commander Bartus nodded and gave me a sad grin.

"I got him. And the council. Don't worry, nobody will survive," he murmured softly, wincing in pain as he tried to keep his insides in. As if on cue, a massive explosion rocked the mothership, followed by screams and a patter of voices. I raised my weapon again, aiming out the door and down the hallway towards the sounds. "Get out," Commander Bartus ordered, giving me as strong a shove as he could muster. "Get in your ship and get out." I shook my head but he snarled and I stumbled out of the chambers, firing a round of shots to keep whoever was approaching at bay.

"I know where it is but I can't reach," Sean whimpered over the radio. "I've been shot down... Now they're hunting me..." I clenched my jaw, turning the corner towards the landing wing. A body moved, raising an arm in threat or greeting and I fired towards it until it fell limp. Another explosion rocked the mothership as I stepped into my ship, verifying that the rations were still in place before disengaging from the docking mechanisms. "Help me," Sean begged and I frowned, urging myself to speak with a level voice.

*****

Ending 1:

I stared at the radio, wondering what was left as a listless mothership floated Earthwards. "I'll be right there," I murmured softly. "Just hold on." The same bland expanse greeted me as I pierced through the clouds and the crafts peeled away from Sean to engage me in combat. I opened fire, watching in grim satisfaction as they burst into flames; first one and then another until the last of them disappeared back into outer space, back towards the motherships that floated helplessly. A shot had pierced my fuel tank and I gingerly leveled my craft to the surface as Sean broke from his cover and dashed towards the passageway. 

"And if it's not it?" He asked over the radio as he disappeared into the opening that hid the passageway. 

"It will be," I answered as I exited my dying craft. "It has to be." I stumbled after him, covering my eyes from the glare of the Sun. 

"It's done," he whispered over the radio and I sat onto the dusty ground. "And now what?"

"Now we wait," I answered softly as he sat down heavily beside me. A moment later, I heard the electronics in my craft scrambling as Earth's magnetic field reappeared. Through the clouds, a mangled mothership appeared, slowly drifting down towards the surface, filled with evacuees and supplies.

*****

Alternate ending that nobody liked:

"I can't," I whispered into the radio, my voice cracking in spite of my efforts. "I'm sorry." I separated my craft from the mothership just in time to catch the forward part of the ship splitting apart in a burst of sparks and flame. Checking my map and radar just like so many times before, I turned towards the emptiness of space beyond the fleet of burning motherships and mangled crafts and increased my speed, eyeing my weapon and wondering if I would go with a bullet or starve or collide into a random asteroid. I sped away into the void of space, leaving behind the dying remnants of the refugees and that beautiful, barren Earth.The entrance to the pyramid closed behind me, terrifying me at first before I confirmed that it would open again when I touched the nearby walls. I paused to look at the steps, shining my flashlight so that I could see my feet through the stifling darkness that enveloped everything. They were clean; devoid of the thick layer of dust that covered everything outside. I frowned, glancing at my radio.

"Base, this is Charlie Unit again... Over." I paused again, awaiting their response before continuing. A new voice warned me to not continue a step further down the stairs, the words still tinged with desperation and urgency.

"This is the president," the voice warned dangerously, causing me to pause. I had never met the man before but had seen his likeness on a thousand pieces of propaganda both when we were still on Earth and pasted on the walls of the motherships. "We are sending a unit to assist you," he continued and I immediately stepped further into the pyramid. "You are to remain with your craft until they arrive. Do you understand?" I shook my head quietly. He had been summoned shockingly quickly for what was usually a tedious bureaucracy. 

"Mr. President, sir," I began respectfully, masking the suspicion that was brimming within me. "Were we aware of this passageway? Over." There was a pause of several minutes, most likely as they conjured an acceptable answer. I continued downwards, relatively certain that the unit was not being sent to help me explore. The walls were pale and clean, reflecting the light as I searched for some sign of where I was headed. No sign appeared; in fact, nothing even suggested that the sterile passageway had been created by humans. Maybe the nut-jobs were right, I mused to myself, wondering which conspiracy theory I had suddenly become a part of. 

When the radio finally crackled a response, the president's voice was venomously sharp. "We were aware," he answered concisely, causing me to arch my eyebrows in surprise. Such a discovery was something that would have been plastered all over the Internet and every form of media. "If you turn back now, we will debrief you and provide you command of a mothership in exchange for your confidentiality," he continued, his offer coming across as an order more than anything. 

"And if I don't? Over," I responded, giving a wall a solid shove in search of another passageway branching from this one. It remained firm, bidding me further downwards.

"Then the dispatched unit will be given orders to kill you on sight." I froze, forcing down the bile that rushed up my throat. I could fly better than any pilot I knew and I had the curiosity of a child... But when it came to fighting? All I had was endless hours of combat training but I hadn't ever had to shoot a gun in anger or kill another man and most of the time I even forgot the gun in my holster even existed. I clenched my jaw and looked up the stairs, shining my light on where I had come from. The darkness swallowed it even before the first bend of the passageway. I had counted about a hundred steps and could probably do several hundred more before a unit showed up. 

I pressed the button on my radio allowing me to talk. "How do I know they won't kill me anyways?" I wondered genuinely. Something was hiding in the depths of this pyramid. Something they desperately didn't want me to see. "Or that you won't kill me when I'm back on the mothership? I seem to have some sort of leverage where I am... Over." Here I seemed safe enough, at least until they blew up my ship and any discovery I made died with me. But if I returned, I would become a hostage amongst my own people, my life teetering on the balance given the knowledge I had acquired.

Instead of the president, another voice responded. "Charlie Unit, this is Commander Bartus," the gruff voice began, ignoring any security protocols concerning the airwaves. I released a sigh of relief. I knew the Commander personally and he was a man of honor. "Turn back now and you're safe. You have my word. Over." I hesitated, considering his offer.

"Commander, sir, proposal. Debrief me now and I'll turn back. You have *my* word. Over." I started to rapidly descend the stairs, knowing that even if they agreed I had to discover the secret of the pyramid. The beam of light bounced back and forth, leading me further down into the darkness. The door appeared so suddenly that I almost ran straight into it. I caught myself and took deep breaths to return my heart rate back to normal.

"Fair enough," I heard the president's voice respond over the radio. I had nearly forgotten that we were still in contact and I wondered if the unit would be waiting outside or risk delving into the pyramid to find me. "If you were to continue, which you will not, you would find below the pyramid a massive chamber. In case of a scenario in which mutually assured destruction became a reality, the leaders of the free world, myself included, were to meet at these landmarks that would most likely not have been destroyed. We would remain in hiding until the Earth became hospitable again and we would then re-create the government and our best impression of modern society." The pale door whirred open and I stepped into a cramped chamber. From the back wall, just a few feet away, a single light glowed above a solitary button. I shined my light on the words carefully etched into the wall. **Reset 4**, it read simply. "We've kept our end of the deal. You heading up?" The voice broke me from my daze and I shook my head in confusion and irritation. *Bullshit.*

"Uh... Yeah. I twisted my ankle so it might take me a few minutes." I tore myself away from the button, leaving it untouched. Casting a quick glance to ensure the passageway went no further, I turned and began my way up the stairs at triple-pace. "I'll be up soon. Tell the unit to stand down. As far as I know, the pyramid is nothing but a pyramid. Out."**[WP] The evacuation of Earth is complete. You decide to do one final fly over of the world to see the monuments deserted. However, you slowly realize something about them that no one ever has.**









 

*****

The radio crackled to life, snapping me from my hypnosis on the waves of endless clouds. "Charlie Unit, report when you make visual contact, over." I confirmed, thrusting the yoke forwards to duck beneath the clouds as my wings sliced a path through them for a moment before I emerged below. 

"Visual with Earth confirmed. She's ugly as ever. Over." The grey landscape made me shudder; mountains and hills steamed with escaping gasses, reminding me to snap on my oxygen tank before the air became too toxic to breathe. What were once luscious forests and deep blue seas were now fossilized wood and empty basins large enough to fit the entire evacuated population a thousand times.  Famine had come first as the food supplies and water ran out. Wars followed as countries jockeyed for power of the limited rations with the traditional powers emerging victorious. But in the end, the celebration of conquests was short-lived as leaders came to grips with reality and realized remaining on Earth meant certain death. That's how we wound up in outer space; searching desperately for a habitable planet as we wandered aimlessly in the barely adequate motherships.

"Steer for 29 degrees 9792 seconds north, 31 degrees 1342 seconds east. Should see pyramids if they're still above ground. Do you copy?" I confirmed, repeating the numbers back to them, and sped towards the ancient monuments, long since abandoned as the land grew brittle and inhospitable. The pyramids were smaller than I remembered from pictures, courtesy of a thick layer of ash and dirt that had built around their base. The Sphinx peeked out nearby, only its eyes visible now. They stared at me ominously as I touched down; the last living creature to be on our once beautiful planet. The scientists claimed that the Earth's core had grown cold but no proposed solution worked and everything had fallen apart as we watched and warred like savages over the rapidly dwindling supplies.

"Visual contact confirmed. Pyramids are intact. Landing now. Out." I slowly hovered to the ground near the largest pyramid, taking care to touch down on a solid-looking patch. My orders were to only make visual contact but I figured no harm in exploring a bit. I had never had the chance to visit the pyramids while civilization bloomed. An item to cross off my bucket list now, it seemed. Donned in the safe-suit and with the oxygen tank strapped to my back, I grabbed the grapple I had smuggled aboard my craft and started the short but arduous trek towards the pyramid. The world reeked of noxious fumes that found their way to me in spite of the helmet I wore. And death. It smelled of death and looked of death and everything emanated death. I gagged softly before regaining my composure.

The pyramid loomed above me, massive in spite of the portion buried below. With a grin and a habitual glance around for any superiors who might reprimand me, I shot the grapple towards the top of the pyramid and steadily made my way upwards. Ashen winds whipped around me, stirring up vortices of the dust that had dealt death to billions as we scrambled to evacuate. I reached the top short of breath and sweating as the Sun beat down mercilessly on the endless wasteland. Looking out, I could see where the city once stood, only the top of buildings signalling that we had ever even lived here. Morbid and disgusting yet oddly beautiful.

I struggled to catch my breath, awed by the enormity of the emptiness we had left behind. Just a couple years back, the ground below would have been bustling with thousands of tourists as they gaped at the massive structure. Now there was nothing; not even Nature had survived the brutal apocalypse. Leaning back against the apex of the pyramid, I jumped and nearly became Earth's final victim as the top caved inwards, revealing a passageway into the depths of the abandoned monument.

"Base, this is Charlie Unit..." I paused, still struggling to understand what I was seeing.

"We copy, Charlie Unit. Is there an issue? All we needed you to check was that the pyramid was in fact intact. Nothing more. Over." The voice sounded harsh over the intercom, scolding me even as I took in the last of our planet. I shook my head numbly as I cautiously shone my flashlight into the abyss.

"I... I'm at the top of the pyramid," I started slowly, knowing I would be punished for my transgression upon my return to the motherships. "And... Well, the top just opened. There's a passage way into the pyramid... Permission to enter? Over." I stepped inside, knowing permission would be denied but that I had to see where the passageway led, the boy in me urging me to explore. I thought back to my history lessons back when the Earth was friendly and painted blue and green. No teacher had ever mentioned a passageway at the top of the pyramids or even a way to enter the massive structures.

"Permission denied. Abort mission immediately. I repeat, you do not have permission to enter the pyramid. Do you copy?" A tinge of desperation edged the voice as it repeated itself. "You will be severely punished if you proceed. Do you copy?" I scowled and would have spat had my breathing apparatus not prevented me. Ignoring the orders from base, I carefully stepped down the stairway as it spiraled downwards into the darkness.I almost dropped the milk when I saw the severed hand wearing a Rolex watch. I caught it, thankfully - the milk, I mean - and cautiously poured some into the waiting bowl. The cereal would come next, like a true heathen. "Honey," I yelled to wherever my wife might be. No answer. "Honey, is this your Rolex by the sink?"

Maggie walked into the kitchen a moment later, distracted with answering some text. "Rolex? No? I don't have a Rolex." She didn't glance up.

"Oh. Well there's one by the sink." Cheerios, meet milk. Milk, meet Cheerios. First name Honey Nut. Last name Cheerios. Perfect combo, you'll get along great. In my belly.

She glanced up now and her phone smashed into the floor. "What the fuck?! Is that a hand?"

I nodded and ate a spoonful of cereal. "Yeah," I mumbled with a full mouth. "But I know that's not yours. I was asking about the Rolex."

"I don't give a shit about the Rolex. Why is there a hand on my countertop?" Oh her countertop, as if we didn't both work to pay rent. Wrong time to bring that up probably.

I shrugged. "That was my question. Kinda."

She approached it. Brave woman. Another reason why I married her. She was the bug-killer in these parts. She was the one to touch the severed hands, apparently. Love lasts a lifetime if you keep discovering new things about your spouse. Finding random severed hands helps with that discovery process. "It has a wad of money."

This caused me to set down the bowl. "No shit? Really? How much?"

She shot me a nasty glare. "Really? How much? You're not wondering whose hand it is or anything?"

I shrugged again. "It's a left hand so I'm sure they're alright." Ignored. Such a lack of appreciation. It's okay, I made myself laugh.

"Mommy, daddy!" Sarah ran into the kitchen blanket in tow before Maggie could give a retort. "Did you get Leo's payment?" My wife scooted to block Sarah's view of the hand.

"Payment? What?" Maggie was baffled. I was no longer baffled. I stuffed another spoonful of cereal into my mouth and began the awkward shuffle out of the kitchen. Time to make my unceremonious escape. "Uh uh," Maggie snapped, pointing at me. "You know what's up here. Explain."

I turned to Sarah. "Sarah, is this because I asked your friends to help with rent if they were sleeping over?"

"Yes! Aren't they nice?" Sarah busied herself with eating Cheerios straight from the box and Maggie took a moment to pull the money out from the hand.

We moved our conversation into that other dimension, the one that happens with looks and head movements and eyebrows instead of words. I capped it off with a shrug and she rolled her eyes. I put a hand out and she tossed the wad of money. One month, two months, three months. This was probably enough for half the year if we sold the Rolex. "Yeah, they're really nice. Thanks for passing along the message. This is enough to cover the month."

Maggie trapped me in the corner before I could make my escape. Sarah was off playing with some toys. With her friends, of course, who she was excitedly telling they could keep sleeping here. I double-checked to make sure I couldn't see them and felt like an idiot when I saw her alone at her tea-table. Of course she was alone. There was no mafia boss named Leo hanging out with my daughter. "You're extorting our daughter."

"Easy there, Mags." I put up my hands defensively. "I'm not extorting anybody. I'm charging rent. We have renters."

"They're imaginary."

Shrug. "They might be. But that hand is definitely not. Same with the money. If cleaning up a hand each month is what it takes to get this," I waved around the wad of money, "I'm down."

She glowered at me. She knew I was right. As always, but I didn't say that. She finally nodded. "Fine. But you clean up the hands."

I bit my lip, running scenarios through my head. I wasn't good with blood, but I really liked money. I wasn't good with severed hands, but that Rolex was really nice. "Fine."Edit: sorry to people who got notifications about that... I thought I had to use [tags] but apparently not...

Hi all,

First of all, apologies for the delay on a Part 6 of The Great Blinding. I'll be putting the individually released parts on hold for the time being. 

I want to make The Great Blinding a longer work and maybe eventually an e-book or something, but I think that writing something like that requires being able to go back and edit previous parts, both because some sections are poorly written and also because it's necessary for continuity's sake. Obviously I can't really do that when I'm releasing part by part because I don't want people to have to go back and read previous parts. I've gotten fantastic and invaluable feedback from this community and I appreciate so so much, and due to this feedback, I would like to be able to rework previous sections' pacing, development, world descriptions etc. All of these could result in drastic alterations to the current story-line and could result in additional sections (section 2.5 sounds a bit weird). 

My question to interested readers is the following then: 

Should I do updates in some form or another? I have restarted the story at this point - part 1 is completely different, but I don't know whether or not it will continue to change. Should I build up a backlog of parts and make sure they're a bit more cemented before releasing? Should I not release parts of it at all? Do you all mind getting alerts for rewritten sections? Do you mind being directed to potential changes to a previous section as a note before a new section? 

Thanks to all who respond! Any and all ideas for how to approach this are welcome.

If you have not yet subscribed to future posts related to this story and would like to, simply comment here or on one of the parts:

HelpMeButler <The Great Blinding>She picked up on the third ring, like she always did. I could picture her with that old landline, sitting in front of the television waiting for a sound from the antique phone with the clunky buttons and the tangled cord. Her "hello" interrupted my reminiscing and I smiled as I heard her familiar raspy voice. It had been a couple weeks. I felt bad, but life got in the way sometimes.

"Yabba dabba deeeeee," I said with a smile, repeating that code-phrase we had used a thousand times before. Yabba dabba doooooo she would respond, and sometimes I would rhyme it with an "I love you". It was just a little thing we did; it started as a legitimate precaution, at least in the mind of a child - a way that mini-me could tell if she had been replaced by an evil robot mom - but soon became an inside joke that helped us start each conversation with a smile.

I was greeted by something akin to silence, broken only by an occasional robotic click and whir. I took it to be the landline. I had told her so many times to upgrade to a cellphone. "I'm too old for new things," she would say, brushing me off. I don't know if that meant that she didn't want them outlasting her or if she just didn't want to take the time to learn.

"Mom?" I asked cautiously. I could hear my heartbeat echoing in my ears. "Is everything okay? Yabba dabba dee?" I repeated less confidently.

"Hmm? What are you talking about?" Her voice sounded strained. Stressed. Like she was going through the motions without really understanding.

"The phrase, mom. You didn't respond with it."

"I'm not sure what you're talking about. Sorry, honey." She wouldn't mess with me, not with something as timeless as this. For a fleeting moment, a life of dealing with a dementia-riddled parent crossed my mind and I felt guilty for dreading that it would turn my life upside down. It should turn my life upside down. She had devoted her life to me, the least I could do was return the favor in her time of need.

"Mom, I'm heading up there." I checked my watch. It was seven-oh-three, just a hair past the my normal calling time. "I'll be up by maybe nine, if there's no traffic. Don't go anywhere, okay?"

"Don't come," she argued. "I'm fine." She paused for a second, the clicks and chirps of the landline now the gears of her mind slowly churning out an answer. "The phrase... Yabba dabba dee, right?"

"Yabba dabba dee," I said tentatively, testing her one last time. For old time's sake. Maybe it was a bad joke. Maybe she was preoccupied with something else. Maybe she had a movie on too loud in the background or she was incensed at the grocer for selling her a bruised banana.

"Yabba dabba dee," she repeated right back to me. I hung up, my heart pounding. I grasped for the car keys and I grabbed myself a granola bar in lieu of dinner. And right before stepping out the door I went back to the safe. I pulled out the gun, feeling its unfamiliar weight in my hands. Now part of me hoped that it was just dementia; that the gun would stay comfortably put away and that there wasn't anybody replacing or attacking my elderly mother.

*****

I glanced at my watch as I turned onto her street. It was a few minutes past eight-thirty. Any other trip, I might have been celebrating the record time it took me to get there. Now all I felt was dread. I caressed the grip of the gun and for a moment convinced myself that I was being silly. Maybe I should just leave it in the car. I didn't.

I parked three houses down and approached the driveway carefully. It's just age, I tried to convince myself. Unsuccessful. Something about her voice and the mechanical chirps of the landline had me on edge. The blinds were open and I could see my mom sitting on the couch next to the phone, hands laying idly on her lap. Her gaze was blank and unfocused, as if there was nothing at all playing on the television. From the sound of it, there might not have been.

If she saw me walking up the path to the front door, she didn't react. Even when I waved and smiled, her eyes seemed to go right past me, devoid of life or recognition. I knocked on the door, three raps in quick succession, and then stepped back to see her. Her head swiveled towards me. She smiled. I shuddered. It wasn't the smile that didn't look right. It was as beautiful and full as it had always been. It was the way she got to smiling. It was the way that first her lips curled and then her teeth showed and finally her eyes crinkled. Steps on a checklist, one by one.

Without pushing off the couch, she rose to her feet. I don't know many old people but mom hadn't had the leg strength to push herself up like that in years. I felt the gun holstered underneath my untucked shirt. It was comforting, and it really shouldn't have been. Not at my childhood home on a visit to my mom. She was still smiling when she opened the door. "Annie, honey," she said tenderly. "I thought I told you not to come."

I glanced around. The driveway was empty. I had heard her unlock the door. There wasn't any sign of an intruder. "Can I come in?" She didn't move to let me pass but I politely pushed through anyways. She closed the door behind me. "Hi, mom," I said, turning back towards her.

Her smile seemed to have been faltering. The eyes. It was something about the eyes. As I turned back, the edges quickly crinkled again to complete the smile on her face. "Hi, Annie," she said. I opened my arms for a hug. Up went her arms, slow and mechanically. Her hug was stiff and forced.

"Yabba dabba dee," I whispered. I was holding my breath, hoping it had all been for nothing.

There was another agonizing moment of silence. I felt vindicated in my decision to come, even if the gun was clearly superfluous. She might not have been feeling well but there was nothing here that merited bringing my gun. "Yabba dabba doo," she responded finally. I felt the breath catch in my throat and I smiled over her shoulder. Maybe it was nothing all along. Maybe she just wanted company.

I went to step back but her arms didn't loosen their grip. "Mom?" I whispered. She didn't answer answer. Her grip got tighter, even now that I had released mine. "Mom, let go," I repeated, my voice strained as she squeezed my ribs. No answer, and her grip tightened a little more. "Mom!" I yelled now. And then I was free and stumbling backwards and she was wringing her hands anxiously.

"I'm sorry, Annie," she said, her smile gone and her brow furrowed with remorse. "Did I hurt you?" The eyes. It was something about the eyes. A moment later, the last hint of a smile disappeared from them and was replaced by a hint of concern.

"No," I answered, shaking my arms to loosen them. There was an ache on my right side but I didn't want her to worry. One of us being worried was plenty. "No, I'm fine." I forced a smile.

"Have you had dinner?" I shook my head. I was hungrier than I had realized. The granola bar sat forgotten in the passenger seat and my stomach grumbled now that she was reminding me.

"Come have a bite," she ordered, stepping around me and towards the family room. She seemed to remember at the last moment that the food was in the kitchen and she corrected her course. "More than one, if you'd like. You can have a kilo-bite or a mega-bite even," she added. Then she laughed rhythmically and robotically. A forced laugh to a forced joke. I wondered if she had read that one in the morning paper or the Sunday comics.

"Mom?" I asked, making her pause before she turned into the kitchen. She didn't turn for a moment, but when she did the smile was plastered on her face again. "Are you feeling okay?"

She nodded enthusiastically. "Perf... Peachy, just peachy," she said quickly. A trademark expression of her's, if I had ever heard one. Peachy, not perfect. Peachy. I just stared at her.

"Okay," I said eventually. "Okay." I nodded, doing my best to let her convince me.

She sat me down in her usual place and set down a glass of water. "To cool you down." I smiled my thanks. Then she dipped a ladle into a steaming pot of soup and served me a bowl. I ravenously spooned the broth and the pieces of meat into my mouth.

"Thanks," I mumbled between bites. She just stood at the counter smiling at me.

"Annie, honey," she started once I started to slow down.

"Yes, mom?" I had set aside today's oddities as a figment of my imagination. Maybe I was stressed from work. Maybe she had other things on her mind. Maybe she was tired or had received a bad test result and didn't know how to tell me.

"Why did you bring your gun?" Her smile didn't waver.

I struggled to force down the next spoonful as I gave myself a moment to think. I felt silly now. Why had I brought the gun? What was I going to do? Shoot an intruder after they had been there for two hours? Fight somebody? They would easily overpower me. I couldn't shoot dementia. I couldn't shoot my stress away. Untrue, actually, but I couldn't do that here at my mother's house. "Just in case, I guess. I was scared. On the phone you just seemed..." I didn't quite know how to say it, at least not without offending her.

"Different?" Her eyes brightened for just a moment, like when we played Scrabble and she saw a way to demolish me with a triple-word Q that would set me back a hundred points.

I nodded. "Yeah. Different, I guess."

Then her eyes were back to their smiling position, the edges crinkled and her face wrinkled. There was too much teeth in that smile. Way too much teeth. "I know," she answered. Her voice sounded deeper than normal. More sinister. More ominous. "But the gun won't help you at all."

*****

I smiled at her pleasantly, desperately trying to defuse the situation. My heart raced. I chewed diligently. The meat was chewy. Sinewy. Different than normal. "I'm not sure what you're talking about. Sorry, mom." She chuckled. Not the pleasant chuckle I was used to hearing when I told her an amusing story about work or when she was talking to me about her knitting club drama. It was a different kind of chuckle.

"Why don't you stop eating for a moment?" She was reaching behind herself, grasping for the knife block on the counter. Too far to the left. A little more. There we go. Her hand rested on the hilt of the chef's knife, its smooth blade perfect for slicing meat. I heard the slide of metal on metal as she unsheathed the knife from the block. I remembered giving her the knife block for Christmas a couple years ago. It was one of those that sharpened the knives each time you slid them in and out. She cooked a lot. It was sharp.

I didn't take my eyes off her. Those old legs couldn't catch me. Were those old legs that couldn't catch me? I moved another spoonful to my mouth. "I'm still hungry, mom," I answered tersely. My other hand had drifted from my lap to the holster. She was still smiling, the grin stretching wider and wider. The wrinkles threatened to become cracks in her face, shattering it into a thousand pieces like a cursed mirror. People always said we had the same eyes. I didn't think that was true today.

She glowered for a moment, knife in hand. Of all the knives, she just had to choose that one. I would have much preferred one with a serrated edge. One that required a bit of sawing to really cut skin. "Fine. Once you're done."

I nodded in agreement. Once I'm done what? Then I could be made into the next batch of soup? Was this meat... I shook away the thought. Beef. It had to be beef. I set the spoon down gently. Maybe it wasn't beef. "I'm not done yet," I lied. "Do you have dessert, mom?" She always had dessert. Homemade brownies or freshly baked cookies. Sometimes if she wasn't feeling up to it she might just have ice cream. But there was always something.

She gestured with the knife at the oven beside her. "Brownies. Why don't you come grab them?" No, thanks. I wasn't about to get any closer to whatever she had become. Whatever it was, it seemed to contain little traces of my mother. She always wanted me to eat more. She would never interrupt a meal. I reluctantly spooned more soup into my mouth. That was broth, right? It had to be broth.

I heard a shy mew and my heart leaped. At least Jinx wasn't in the soup. A relief, to be sure. He was as old and frail as mom on a normal day. I wondered if he had days where he turned into a murderous beast with an insatiable lust for blood. He sure thought so, especially when he found a new toy and batted it as fast as those old legs could carry him. He was harmless, a lap cat at heart. I couldn't say the same for mom. He rounded the table, rubbing up against her legs lovingly. They stood there staring at me for a moment and then he continued on his walk around the house.

I took another bite of soup. Knowing it wasn't Jinx was comforting, but it still left me wondering what I might be eating. Ignorance is bliss. I would call it beef. That was it. My bowl was empty. The rest of the soup sat on the stove and the brownies were in the oven. If I didn't want to keep fill my plate again, it was time to deal with my mother. The only other time dinner had been such a welcome escape from dealing with a situation was back in high school when she caught me smoking in the garage. She hadn't had a knife in hand then. Her eyes hadn't been that creepy, lifeless void. They had been full of disappointment and betrayal but still my mother's eyes. She wouldn't interrupt dinner. Not then and not now.

I thought about Noah. I would probably catch him trying the same things some day when he was older. He would be sneaking around and I doing all the things he didn't know I had done as a kid. I wondered if he was safe. Now he was. But what about once I left here? She knew where we lived. She knew when to pick him up from school and what route he took home after the bus dropped him off.

"Have you eaten, mom?" I thought for a moment I could distract her. Maybe have her eat enough that she fell asleep. Then what? Call the cops? They would never believe me. Call dad? As if. I hadn't talked to him since God knows when. Years, at least.

"Yes, honey," she said with that same smile that showed far too many teeth. "I have eaten mom." My heart skipped a beat. Dad joke? Images of him flitted through my mind. This couldn't be good for my blood pressure. Maybe she would kill me of a heart attack. That would be ironic. Useless knife, useless gun, useless heart. Only one of those will kill you. Useless knife, useless gun. She had a knife and this was a gun fight. Should I still have been saying she? That wasn't my mother. I was sure of it now. "You've eaten mom, too." Oh. Oh, no. No. No. No. I stood shakily from the table, clumsily unholstering my gun and raising it up at her.

She smiled. Too much teeth. And then it happened. The ends of her lips began to split, unsightly gashes opening like she was the Joker's protege. Why couldn't she be Batman? If both of my parents were out of the picture after this, did that make me Batman? "Who are you?" I hissed. The gun trembled in my hands. She stepped forward, knife raised like an axe, prepared to bring it down on me once she rounded the table. "Stop, please," I begged. I stumbled around the table, dragging out one chair and then another to block her progress. She knocked them aside with ease, no longer hindered by elderly legs and a frail body.

"I'm mom." Her voice was a guttural hiss. "Yabba dabba doo, right?" No. No no no. So wrong. I approached the stove where the soup still sat simmering. A chunk of meat still soaked in the broth and I gagged. That was what mom looked like? No. I shook my head at myself. That was not what she looked like. That's what this monster made her look like. She was on the table now, having leaped up with shocking agility. Ready to pounce. I closed my eyes and pulled the trigger. Once. Twice. Three times. One more for good measure.

When I opened my eyes, she was laying on the other side of her table. At least two hits, somehow. A miracle, if you ask me. She had been hard to miss at that distance. It. It had been hard to miss. That wasn't my mother. Its mouth was finally closed. It looked at peace, so much like my mother that I would have thought it was her had I not seen the murderous monster moments before.

I grabbed one of the chairs that had been haphazardly thrown out of the way and sat. My heart was pounding. Tears streamed down my face. "Jinx," I yelled. "Jinx?" It would be small comfort, but I needed to feel that softness of that bag of bones right now.

There were sirens in the distance. One of the neighbors must have called the cops. Was the door locked? Did monsters lock the door before attacking their victims? Did I want the door locked? I numbly unlocked it and went to sit in front of the television. My gun sat beside the phone and I thought of dialing Noah to tell him I would be a bit late coming home. There was static playing on mute, little dots and dashes of black and white dancing around the screen.

They didn't need to kick the door in. They didn't need the guns pointed at me. I had only defended myself. All they had to do was perform an autopsy on the creature that had consumed my mom and they would see. They didn't need to be reading me any rights. I wasn't the bad one here. The cuffs said otherwise. The way they brusquely grabbed my arms and pulled me towards the splintered front door said otherwise.

"Wait," I said finally, snapping out of my trance as we reached the foyer. "Can you make sure the cat doesn't get out? Please?" I resisted against their iron grips, pulling myself around to look for Jinx. There he was, perched halfway up the stairs looking down on us.

"Don't worry about the cat," one of the officers answered rudely. He pulled me forwards again. And then Jinx smiled, his teeth bared and his lips stretching just a bit too wide into an expression unlike any a cat could make.

*****

To subscribe, comment HelpMeButler <Smiles>"It's been a while," I told Grim as he settled into the couch across the room. I never used it, but I always left it there in case he paid me a visit. We were on a first-name basis now, so many years after meeting for the first time. It had been my mother then, so many years ago that I had lost count. You know how hard it is to find calendars dated a thousand years past the next-to-last human dying?

"Been thinking."

I chuckled. "Me, too." What else would I be doing? I had read every book I could. I had mastered ever craft I had the energy to master. I had sat alone staring at empty rooms for months. I painted portraits of people I never met and wrote stories of lives I would never live. "I thought you'd abandoned me. Gone off to claim another species or something." I smiled, trying to comfort his perturbed demeanor.

"That's just the thing, Al," he said tenderly, the skeletal features emotionless but his voice tinged with sadness. "There is no other species."

I glanced towards the window, the ruins of affluent civilization now reclaimed by nature. Birds and rabbits, deer and stray cats. There were species galore. One was almost eliminated, but that one allowed a thousand others in its place. "Go kill mosquitoes or something. Get me some sweet revenge."

He smiled toothily and shook his head. "It doesn't work that way, Al. I've come to grips with it."

"What do you mean?"

Grim sighed. "I can't just pick another species. I'm the Human Reaper. If you go-"

"If I go, you go." He nodded solemnly and hung his head. Shame? Maybe. He had kept me around for millenia. I smiled at his smooth, bald head. He always politely removed his hood when he entered my home. "Grim," I said quietly. "Grim." He looked up. "It's okay. Death is scary. Hell, you scared the crap out of me the first few times. You probably don't remember, but my wife-"

"I remember."

"My daughter?"

He nodded again. I was surprised, but I appreciated his attention to detail. He must have known I would be last. "I'm sorry they had to go first."

I smiled. "It's okay. It happens. You just need to come to terms with it. There's no rush. I have gallons of tea and loads of time. No appointments in sight." I laughed. What dentist would I go to? What teeth would they tend to, anyways? "Stay as long as you like, but don't be scared. Death is natural. It happened to all of us, and it's okay if it happens to you."We were laying on the couch, legs intertwined and my arm around her. "I'll love you forever," she told me, looking up into my eyes. I smiled.

"Forever?" She nodded.

"Forever." And then she stuck out a pinky and we sealed the deal and she giggled.

"Hey, Siri," I said abruptly. She fell quiet and the robotic voice of my phone confirmed it was listening. "Set a timer."

"For how long?" the voice responded.

"Forever." She rolled her eyes and squirmed as I used another hand to tickle her.

"You're such a goon," she said with a laugh and another roll of her eyes.

"Timer set for thirty-six hours and counting," my phone reported. Then it fell silent and she stopped moving and we stared at each other in surprise.

"Hey, Siri," I repeated. Her eyes widened in surprise and she shook her head.

"Don't," she warned me. Siri was as polite as ever, asking me how I could be helped.

"When will my timer go off?" I felt her hands tighten on my arm. They were clammy. My voice trembled.

"When forever is over. Would you like to set a new timer?" She shook her head again, a little more desperately.

"Yes. Set a new timer for fifteen seconds."

She sat up abruptly and stared at me in annoyed surprise. "Why fifteen seconds? What are you doing? What if something will happen in thirty-six hours? What if we can do something?"

I shrugged. "What would you do? Where would you start? In fifteen seconds, we're getting off this couch. And then we're going out and living like we only have thirty-six hours left." She gaped at me. "Odds are, nothing will happen. But if it does, let's at least knock something off your bucket list."

She stared at me for a second. The timer rang, that ringing like a siren warning of our impending doom. Then she gulped and took my hand and pulled me to my feet. "Okay," she said reluctantly. "Let's live like we only have thirty-six hours left."I found myself still reading in the early hours of the morning. The creature in the cage had long since fallen asleep and it snored peacefully. I had dared take a peek at it only once I knew it was asleep and I was safe from its entrancing eyes. It truly was an ugly creature, and that's saying something coming from an avid animal lover such as myself. It had wrinkly grey skin intermixed with patches of pale human skin. It seemed to be balding, or perhaps in the early stages of growing a full head of hair. Its fingers and toes were disturbingly bony, as if they were missing the many layers of tissue and skin that would give them a more human appearance. 

I had initially read every word in the books. Soon, however, I had taken to skimming the pages and not long after I was skipping dozens and then hundreds of books at a time. As my master had said in his note, the seven hundred or so books that made up the bulk of the collection were all versions of the same experiment. It was the first book that offered to me his motivation and his objective. He wrote in his usual verbose manner.

*It was proposed to me after the showing of a popular play that perhaps the dichotomy of the human self is something that can be extracted in a manner such that the subject of the experiment suffers no ill effect. Take, I was told, the careful balance between good and bad that a productive member of society has within himself and skew it such that the scale tips in one direction. The whole is still a whole - a man still a man - in spite of the balance being gone. What has happened is that the bad has consumed the good, and our productive member of society is now a criminal miscreant. Or, better yet, the good has consumed the bad and our productive member of society is now more altruistic and generous and devout towards his societal duties. Take now that bad so that the individual can no longer access it; lock it away and discard the key so that it never can consume the good and so society now enjoys the security of a member that cannot be corrupted.* 

The rest of the book detailed his intentions to create a device that would extract this evil from a man. Had I not seen the ugly little creature in the cage, I would have thought that my master was fooling me with some impish prank or had perhaps been the subject of a mental break of sorts. But there it was. And somewhere, although clearly not in this study, there was a machine capable of extracting every last bit of evil from a human and cramming it into a wretched little creature. This explained his generosity of the last few months when he began to distribute his fortune amongst various charities and homeless shelters. It did not explain the coldness of his last days. Something of this situation did not sit well with me, and it was not the ominous presence lurking in the cage.

I put away the book I had been reading, duly titled Trial 675. I took back out the book that I had found upon the table when I first entered the study and I flipped back several pages to those preceding my master's note. Scribbled on the previous page, the lettering far more sloppy and frantic than any I had ever seen my master pen, I could just decipher instructions for accessing the machine such that it could be destroyed. It shook me to my core the arrogance or selflessness - which one I had not yet decided - that he had so clearly realized the gravity of his mistake yet not until his death did he dare share with anybody the cause of his demise so that we could help. Carefully, so as to not disturb the creature from its slumber, I pulled back the magnificent Persian rug that decorated the central part of the study. There was a basement access; an odd feature for a house that did not have a basement, or at least not one that I had found in all my years here. I slid back the door and shadows danced down the wall of the concrete staircase. This part of the house was not in the old Victorian style that the rest was and I wondered if he had had this built under my nose while I slept in the servants chambers or if he had added it before acquiring my services. 

It was cold in the basement and I shivered and flicked on the lights. A tunnel was illuminated, stretching about a dozen cages long. They were all empty, but the area reeked of death. I shuddered. Blood and death and everything in between made me queasy with just a thought. At the end in an open room sat the dreaded machine upon a table. I don't know what I expected, to be frank. Maybe something more sinister. Something with an aura that just screamed danger and that I impulsively wanted to destroy. It looked innocent enough for the terrible impact it could have, something like a non-lethal gun fired by an electrical impulse. I noticed there was a switch similar to a safety. It was labeled Good on one side. The other side said Bad. I would have to read more to see if that meant that Bad would be extracted or if only Bad would be left. I left the gun on the table and exited the basement, climbing back into the study. The creature awaited me, awake now and seeking my gaze. I kept my eyes low, ignoring it as I sat back down at the desk. I ran a hand through my hair, nervous and anxious and torn between respecting my master's wishes to destroy the creature and the machine and his life's work or to explore it and continue his legacy.

"You can talk to me, if you would like," I heard from behind me. It was uncanny hearing my master's voice and his phrases. It seems like a general consensus that dead men don't talk, at least not in a literal sense, yet the exception seems to be when they have cloned or extracted the evil within themselves and created a new being. I turned towards the creature and only caught myself from looking it in the eye at the last moment.

"What did you do to him?" I asked. I was in the anger part of my mourning, that was for certain. If I were more inclined towards violence, I think I would have killed the creature here and now and then dismantled the machine and ripped the books to shreds. My voice cracked as I repeated my question.

"Nothing," the creature said simply. I seethed in the chair, clenching my fists and holding back tears. This was an inherently deceitful and evil creature; it was the part of my master that I had never known to exist, and if it was even marginally as capable of evil as he was of good, I was certainly outmatched. "He did it to himself." I shook my head. It was right, in a way. But I could not bring myself to blame my master, and it would do little good if I could. I was on the first page of the book he had left on the table. It was dated a week and half before he died, just as the mysterious ailment seemed to take effect.

*If I had not committed a fatal mistake up to this point, I think that now I almost certainly have. Curiosity got the best of me and on an impulse I focused this weapon on myself again, this time switched to Good. Much like in the final trial, it was successful. I now had before me the two parts of myself. Good sat patiently and perhaps a bit cautiously in one cage while Bad ogled him from across the hall in a cage of his own. I wish I could say that it was the celebratory drink that clouded my judgement. In truth, I think I was convinced by the more evil of the two presences that they could coexist for the greater good. Be as it may, Good is no longer. He is devoured and I have cleaned the stains from the walls and floor. Bad is all that remains, and I feel within me a dangerous indifference that I can only justify as the absence of Good or Bad within me. He sits now, as human as I once was, his skin youthful and his hair luscious, laughing at me as the absence of self rushes to overcome me.*

I shuddered and behind me the creature chuckled darkly. I had smelled the death-stench of Good in the basement below. My master had given in to the temptations of Bad and his cause of death had been the void left behind by an absence of both Good and Bad. The writings of my master then launched into a deep thesis regarding the absence of self, the sentiment that it seemed only he had ever experienced and that he described as a torture akin to being held in a sensory deprivation chamber indefinitely. Welcome at first and free of anxieties and desires, the blessing did not seem to take long before becoming a curse of massive magnitude. 

*I am desperate*, he continued in a new entry. This would have been his final visit to his study, if my memory of his rapid deterioration of health served me correctly. *Bad has convinced me that the only way to escape this absence of anything is to consume the only part of me that remains.* I gaped at the paper. I shook my head, my grief retreating from anger back to denial as I refused to believe that he meant consume in the way that you or I consume beef wellington or sushi. I let out a sigh of relief as I continued to read. *He instructed me to sit across from him and we held hands and I gazed into his eyes in an act of intimacy I have been decades without. I saw him wither as we sat, but instead of the pain or terror that came over myself as I felt myself withering away, his grin only grew larger and his eyes more evil.* I remembered this day now, when I had asked my master if he needed assistance climbing up the main staircase to his chambers. He had snapped at me and cast me an evil glare and I had retreated back into the shadows that are a servant's second home. *I broke free from this evil embrace before he withered away completely, now having regained enough self to detail my final wishes. I refuse to indulge in the depths of that evil and the promise of delaying my death, tempting as it may be.* 

I sat back, stunned. There then I had the reason for my master's demise, and behind me I had the darkest parts of my master's being, and in the basement below I had a machine - a weapon, as he had begun to call it - capable of the very essence of good and evil.

*****"What are we playing today?" Billy was sitting in his room. There were Legos strewn about. A Bionicle here, Pokemon cards there.

"Let's build Legos today." And so we did. We always played what Billy wanted. Not because he said we had to, but because it made him happy. And that made me happy. It made me happy to see him happy.

To be cliche, we had always been two peas in a pod. Inseparable. I wasn't any more social than Billy and he seemed perfectly content with a single best friend.

"Are you ready for the school year?" He sighed. I was ready. I was excited to see other students and to help him with his homework and to somehow never be called on by the teacher. But he didn't like school. He didn't like being forced to socialize. He didn't like only having me to eat lunch with while the other students ate in big groups. "Maybe this year will be different."

"Maybe." Probably not, that's what his maybe meant. After years of friendship, I knew him well enough to know that.

"Maybe you'll make friends."

"Maybe."

But he did. Maybe it was the confidence I gave him. Maybe it was the new mix of students now that they were in middle school. "Are we having lunch, Billy?"

He had hung back, talking to a teacher after class. She smiled at him, and it actually seemed genuine. They used to smile out of pity, but I wouldn't tell him that. I didn't feel well, and I couldn't pinpoint why. I felt tired. Fatigued. My breaths were strained and my body ached. "Yeah, with some new friends," he answered. And we walked together down the hallway, step by painful step.

I saw Billy smile. That made me smile. They gave him high-fives and patted his back. He was one of them, and I wasn't. My body was cold. My hands tingled and my vision blurred.

You know those dreams you have where you try to walk but don't move? You're in a tunnel and you can see the light at the end but no matter how much you walk or run, you never get any closer? Maybe there's a monster behind you, hunting you down. This monster isn't real. I know that. But Billy kept walking and I stood rooted to my spot, my feet moving but my body not advancing.

"Billy?" I called out. My voice was faint. It barely echoed. "Billy?" Louder this time, but just to me. Nobody else turned. Students whirled around me, a maelstrom of bodies completely indifferent to me. The monster in this nightmare wasn't real. But I was starting to think that maybe I wasn't either.

He turned around, just barely. He might have mouthed thank you. Or maybe it was sorry. I smiled at him. I think that's what friends do; smile for each other even when the going gets tough. Even when the friendship fractures and one gets left by the wayside, I still smile at him. Maybe he'll come back. Maybe he'll save me from the cold loneliness.

But he didn't come back for me. He just gave me that sad smile, the one he would give when we would eat lunch just him and me. I looked down at myself. Students passed through my fading body, and I felt the last of me disappear.I scratched my head in undisguised confusion. "You two shouldn't have lasted 50 years. Hell, you shouldn't have lasted 50 minutes in a room together, much less married."

The couple glanced at each other with a look I couldn't quite describe. They were old and wrinkled now, the culmination of five decades together. Five wonderful decades, if they were to be believed. I was having some trouble believing them. Attraction? Zero. Spark? Less than zero. Friendship? Zero. Compassion? Negative. I was digging deep here, breaking down categories into as minute of pieces as possible thinking maybe some subcategories had rounded to zero. That would explain it. Fractional - infinitesimally small - subcategories could add up and lead to the bare minimum Compatibility Score needed to uphold a relationship.

The husband shrugged. "You must be mistaken. I don't think you're very good at this."

I scoffed in disbelief. The audacity. This was my gift. My career. My livelihood and passion. I could discern a Compatibility Score from any two people standing together. Usually I found myself at singles conventions, writing off or blessing random pairs of strangers thinking the Compatibility Score was what would make their relationship flourish. It wasn't, but it was still important. Certain categories and subcategories outweighed others, although the total score was just a simple sum. A lack of attraction paired with sexual needs might outweigh any amount of friendship. Spontaneity needed some spark from both individuals. These two, though... I shook my head in confusion.

They had come to me just for fun. Shits and giggles, he had said. She had called it an entertaining experiment and apologized for her husband's vulgarity. He had told her to suck his dick. That should have been my hint.

"No," I insisted. "I am good at this. The best, in fact. I'm not wrong. Not ever."

He shrugged again. "Fucking hell you're not wrong. We been married fifty fuckin' years and here you are telling us we shouldn't even be in the same room."

I held up a hand to calm him down. She put a hand on his shoulder. He gave her an evil glare. "I know," I said apologetically. "I'll figure it out. Just sit tight."

He snorted in contempt. "My legs hurt. I ain't going anywhere." She sighed mournfully and I scratched my head again. This was baffling. Incredible, but baffling. I kept exploring subcategories, trying to figure out if maybe certain ones had canceled out. Maybe that's what I was missing. There were too many though, and I wasn't sure how much time these old people had left.

I opted for a more traditional method. "So, Harold," I began, glancing down at my notes. "What do you like about your wife?"

He squinted at me. Then he glared at her. Then he looked back at me. "Nothing. Never have, never will. It's just gotten worse since the day we met." She rolled her eyes.

"Communication, Harold," she insisted. "You have to be honest with him and with yourself."

He glared back at her. "Shut up, you vile bitch." I think I saw her smile. "She's gotten fat. Hairy. Noisy. Deaf." She giggled.

"He's a big baby. He's all talk," she said, patting him on the shoulder again. He slapped her hand away.

"That's all I need," I said after a moment's contemplation. I knew where to look. I drilled into the mental categories. Then into the pleasure categories. I continued deeper, past some twisted scores that were thankfully all zero. Then I found it. "You're a pair of emotional sadists," I concluded finally. I nodded confidently. "That's all there is. You are wildly incompatible but you both relish the extent of your incompatibility. You love that you hate each other. You love to hate each other. It gets you off or something, I don't know." I shrugged. It was unprofessional, but it was accurate.

They turned to each other again, seemingly satisfied. That was that. "Ready to go home?" she asked him. Her voice was almost tender and I wondered if I had missed something in her analysis.

He nodded. "My knees hurt though. It will take me a minute."

She looked at him pitifully. "Your knees? I'm sorry," she cooed. I had definitely missed something in her analysis. "I'm not waiting though, you old grump. You can walk home, fuck your hurting knees." With that, she got up and marched briskly out of the room. He chuckled and limped after her and I scratched my head in undisguised revulsion."Something's not right." I keep seeing that phrase everywhere. On the tabloid magazine in the bathroom. On the billboard as I drive to work. In a text from Maya, who would never send just that. On the graffiti outside the building. When I blink, it's gone. It's replaced by the article title. It's replaced by an ad for an AC company, same as every other day. It's replaced by a heart emoji and a smiley face. It's unsettling. I brush it off. I'm a rational man. Text doesn't change with the blink of an eye.

As I wait at the coffee machine I hear it. I hadn't heard it yet, but now I do. "Something's not right." It's a whisper, heralded by an icy breeze. My neck tingles and goosebumps cover my arms.

I don't want to turn. What if it's me, but dead? What if it's Death, but alive? What if it's a threat? They're a shadow in my periphery, only as real as I want them to be. I blink. There's nobody there. The coffee comes out cold. I don't know why. That's not normal. I pour it out and fill my cup again. Something's not right, but at least the coffee is warm.

I'm at my desk and I feel it again, a presence lurking behind me as I sit in my cube facing my computer. "Something's not right." Everything is alright. I see the picture of me and Maya. Her text definitely said she loved me. Work is work, thrilling as can be. I can just make out a shadow before I blink and then it's gone. Something's not right, but I just can't pinpoint what it is.

I'm heading home early. Not feeling well. I hit send. Something's not right. I didn't send that. I blink. I was right. I didn't send that.

She must be busy. It stays on Delivered and never goes to read. Not when her normal arrival time goes by and not by the time I finish dinner, alone and browsing Reddit. A title scrolls by. "Something's not right." It's gone by the time I take a second look. Some dank meme. Is that what the kids are saying? I upvote and move on. What's not right? Everything feels just right.

I expect a phone call. Was there a car accident? Her phone keeps going straight to voicemail. "Something's not right," Fez says in his funny accent as I turn on the TV. He's staring right at me. He can't really see me, right? I expect a text. I expect the Delivered to turn to Read, at least. Is this desperation? Or is it impatience? Is this insanity or am I just uneasy?

Then I hear the garage. I flinch. The door opens, and I'm not sure what I expect. Her ghost? My mother-in-law? Equally terrifying, each in its own way. "Something's not right." The shadow is jumping up and down. It's desperate, and so am I. If I turn it's real, if I blink it's not. I blink and it's gone.

"Hey, babe, what took you so long?" It's definitely Maya. I would recognize that ass in those jeans and that long brown hair anywhere as she shuffles in the doorway and pulls the door shut behind herself, bags in tow.

And then she turns. Or rather something turns. I think I hear the shadow giggle that it told me so. And then I hear myself say it. "Something's not right."I sit impassively as I watch the defendant slowly crack under the onslaught of questions and accusations. Those sunken eyes and that unkempt stubble sear into my mind. Steak, nicely seared. Sounds delicious.

The face of a monster, to them. Or maybe he had been a good father to the two little girls I had seen during his public defender's opening statements. They almost tugged at my heartstrings. Almost.

Eventually, even he would be convinced of his guilt. Between endless interrogations and the guilty verdict I would make sure we passed down, he would start to wonder what he had truly done.

A fugue state, maybe, or a mental break. Sequences he wouldn't remember during which he committed unspeakable crimes that he couldn't remember. But the mind is a fickle creature. So malleable and so fallible. Memories are its feast, and memories it is fed. Bite by bite, the uncertainty grows, and suddenly he's a murderer, and the only one who knows the truth is me.

I'll visit him in prison, once this whole ordeal is over. A concerned citizen, worried about his well-being and how his family is coping. I'll sit across that glass and over time he'll grow to know me. He'll smile, and I'll smile back, and it'll be the same smile the victims saw before they died.

Maybe he'll even look forward to my visits. Maybe his wife will want to meet me, my name coming up during their conversations or the rare conjugal visit. I'll grow on her. I always have that effect on people. Today a friend, and tomorrow I'll wake up in her bed and go downstairs and we'll all make pancakes and his children will call me Dad.

That'll tug on my heartstrings. Not that miserable crying act they put on as the trial commenced.

I chuckle and shake my head as the prosecution goes on and on. They're wrong about some things, like the motivation. They're wrong about other things, little details only the killer would know. I like secrets.

I wonder how long he lasted until they coerced his confession. I wonder if the little morsels I left helped them conclude that it was him. I really should apologize, but I don't think I'll get the chance. Not before he fries. My stomach grumbles a complaint. I shouldn't have skipped breakfast.

Beside me, Juror Number Seven shifts uncomfortably. Susan, I think. Just like the girl in the pictures. I think. There were so many, it's hard to keep track. Ironic, and certain to strike a deeper chord in her.

The crimes were gruesome, that much is certain. That was my style. Still is, but it always was.

Evidence. Pictures of the bloodied corpses. Stained shirts and torn skin. A hunter, methodical in killing his prey. A high compliment from the prosecution. I blush, the same color as the autumn leaves outside. I glance out the window. It's a good day for hunting.

The heat has lessened in the afternoons. No longer the stifling heat where you could fry an egg on the blacktop. Fried eggs. I shouldn't have skipped breakfast. Not today. This was dragging.

Frying. I wonder how long it'll be until he fries. He's crying now, but he's not frying yet. Otherwise those tears would sizzle as they crawl down his flushed cheeks. They think he's acting. If only.

My stomach grumbles. We make eye contact, briefly, and he hangs his head in shame. I sigh. Case closed. This is easy. We all know it was him. I'm the foreman, so they think I'm more knowledgeable. Ridiculous. I've only done this once. Not the killing, of course. I did that dozens of times. But only one guy can fall for me and I chose him.is available!

It wasn't like mother to send me to a boarding school. She had never been one to let me out of her sight, much less let me run free and wild at a distant school. Being homeschooled gave me a special type of attachment to my mother. Not an Oedipal relationship, mind you. It was more she was more protective than she had to be. More watchful. She had a plan for me whose parts I would only be made privy to when I reached the right time.

I wondered if the right time was now as the bridge we were driving over swung dangerously. I tried not to look down. We were dizzyingly high, surely the final stretch of the several hour car ride. Only the GPS had talked, spitting out the occasional direction. Dad sat hunched over the wheel, hands gripped so hard they were white. Mother hadn't stopped gazing sadly out the window, somehow stomaching the vertiginous height.

I breathed again when we were on solid ground, losing ourselves in the darkness of the forest. Mother turned in her seat and gave me a loving smile. Dad finally took a sip of coffee, the only hint that he was more than a lifeless drone at the wheel. The tension was unfamiliar. It had been ever since the package arrived and the drive had been no different. Dad seemed to flit between anger and indifference. He seemed to blame me, just like he always had.

A murder of crows lifted off from the gate as we emerged from the forest and they retreated to the safety of the castle walls, soaring comfortably over the green of well-trimmed trees and hedges. The grounds were pretty, I had to give them that. It made sense, considering the exclusivity that my mother had touted. They weren't selling me on it because it wasn't a choice. I would either go and like it or go and hate it. The grounds reminded me of a castle from a fairy tale; sinister and foreboding yet its inhabitants misunderstood.

I skipped that stage of teenage angst, I think. Knock on wood. My relationship with my parents wasn't bubbly, but it never deviated far from being cordial. Doors had never slammed and plates had never flown. We had had our spats, but nothing that merited being sent away to a boarding school. Not in my opinion, at least. As much as that was worth. My first hint had been the previous week. Mom was out for coffee with a friend - acquaintance, she would correct me here - and dad was working in his study like he always did so I answered the door when the postman knocked. He handed me the package. It was marked Dreadfort Preparatory School. He gave me a sad look. "Good luck, kid."

They broke the news over dinner, but the school uniform in the package had already ruined the surprise. Mother broke the news. Dad just shoveled peas into his mouth as if he was seeing how many he could eat at once. Dryly. There was no fun or amusement in his attempts. Just a desire for complete separation from whatever the next part of the plan was. The same familiar separation.

It wasn't fair. This wasn't how things should have gone. I was supposed to take the ACT and SAT next year and then finally go off to a college where I would meet a girl and fall in love and then all that happily ever bullshit would happen. That's what mom always said would happen. She had a tear in her eye when she hugged me goodbye. Dad shook my hand. His fingers were cold, just like his stare.

"Good luck, kid." Gee, thanks dad. As loving as the postman. At least he had dignified me with a goodbye.

There was a headmaster, as these schools tend to have. He greeted us all on the far end of the drawbridge. Me, my parents, and another student. The other student had been waiting on this side of the moat when I arrived. He had a bag in each hand and was looking across the drawbridge like a child awaiting his first school bus. His hair and shoulders had been wet, but the rain had passed several hours before as we zigged and zagged up the mountainside.

Cornelius Dread was the name the headmaster used when he introduced himself, welcoming the smallest class ever at Dreadfort Preparatory. He seemed proud of that. I'm not sure why. More was always better. More students meant more money. More students meant more potential once they were set loose to conquer the world. Now there were two of us. Two of us who were walked up the old stone stairs with a thousand years of footsteps carved into them. Two of us who were unceremoniously ushered into the living quarters we would share.

The other boy's name was Marcus. He didn't offer a last name and I didn't ask. He got a 67 on his entrance exam and I immediately pegged him as being not the brightest bulb in the shed. There weren't many bulbs to choose from. Bright or less bright. Brightest or dimmest. Seven fewer points and I would be the brightest and dimmest. "It's a miracle anybody even passed," he marveled. The room was high up in the spire of one of the castle's towers. I felt like Rapunzel. All I was missing was the tits and the hair and somebody looking to get me out of here.

"Ian," I introduced myself, abbreviating and butchering my own name. I hated my name. I wished for a normal name. Charles. John. William. One good thing about being homeschooled is that the worst bully I had to deal with was my dad, and more often than not his chosen method was an artistic blend of the silent treatment and withering stares.

Marcus' eyebrows raised and I hoped he hadn't received some memo about my real name. "Like Aeneral?" I sighed dejectedly and nodded. Like Aeneral. "That's bad-ass," he whispered in apparent awe, oblivious to my discomfort. I hated my name but that made me smile inside.

I looked to change the subject. "How many people took the exam?" I had figured it might have been a couple dozen, at best. Some weird niche that my parents discovered and fully embraced, like a pyramid scheme where I'm lucky enough to be crushed by the weight of the entire structure. Just a little piece of the foundation, offering my full support and receiving nothing in return.

He looked at me oddly and I felt like I had somehow offended him. Maybe he took that 67 personally. I wouldn't hold it against him, if he convinced me I shouldn't. I had aced the test. It didn't seem particularly hard. My parents had taught me the material superbly. Mother, mostly.

He laughed. Maybe he thought I was joking. "What were you? Homeschooled?" When I nodded, his face got serious and he mumbled an apology. "Didn't realize." My question still lingered in the air and it seemed to smack him in the face demanding an answer. "Oh. Right. Thousands of people take the exam. Anybody who thinks they might have a bit of the blood in them, if you know what I mean." I didn't know what he meant.

"And just two passed?" He nodded grimly. Mother had told me it was my first taste of one of the standardized tests I would need to enter college. The content should have clued me otherwise, paired with the proctor who stood patiently observing me as I filled in countless bubbles and scratched hurried essays into writing.

"Like I said. A miracle. The most selective school in the world for people like you and me." I looked him up and down. He was fit. A meathead, maybe. I wondered if they would have him lifting blocks of stone in the dungeons this castle surely had. Maybe his bag was stocked with syringes so he could pump some steroids. I wondered if the other students looked more like me or more like him. We were nothing alike. He cocked his head towards the window. Towards freedom. Towards everything I thought was normal. "Them were your parents?"

I nodded.

"You sure? Your dad didn't look the part."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I retorted. We were making our beds with the sheets that we had found waiting on each bed. White, silky sheets, along with an order from the headmaster that not a wrinkle should be showing when we were done. I smoothed one out and it popped up somewhere else.

"The way he carried himself. Not like my dad. Not like any other I've seen. You really sure they were your parents?"

I furrowed my brow and scoffed sarcastically. "I was sure."

He shook his head confidently, casually dismissing one of the very few things I knew to be true anymore. "I don't think so. Headmaster Dread didn't seem to recognize your dad."

"So?"

"So that means he isn't a Dread. Which means he isn't your dad. You wouldn't be here otherwise."

 is available!

*****

To subscribe, just comment HelpMeButler <Dread>I awoke to a pounding headache to find myself restrained to a hospital bed. Peaceful, in essence, a sign of healing and the possibility of well-being. Disappointing, in practice, because it meant the world hadn't ended. Ironic, in retrospect, because they couldn't truly hope to keep me tied up there forever.

There were people all around me. There always were. Scientists and politicians. Soldiers and five-star generals. Forces for good, but good is relative. Men with nothing alike, united against a common cause. Men and women from all backgrounds with all sorts of histories sharing nothing but fear. That was what I smelled in that room as I pulled against the restraints. Fear.

The general removed the muzzle from my mouth. I stretched my jaw. I smiled. "Why?" he demanded. "Why?" A little more desperately this time. Tinges of sadness marred that steely voice.

"Why not?" And that was really all there was to it. Some men used guns. Some men used clubs. Other men used money and manipulation. My words had power, so I used my words.

"Why not?" The murmurs spread across the room like wildfire. Soldiers shrugged. Scientists questioned what they thought they knew. Politicians gaped and convinced themselves, as they tend to do. "Why not?"

"Let me go," I asked politely but firmly, raising my hands as far as the restraints allowed. An orderly obliged, and my hands were free. Then my feet, and then I sat up in the bed. "It didn't have to be this way," I told them; a father chastising a group of ill-behaved children. They hung their heads. It really didn't have to be this way.

For so long we had worked together. A collaboration, merging my powers with theirs to accomplish what might have once been impossible. But they got greedy. They got too ambitious. And when I finally tried to put a stop to it, they told me it wasn't up to me. The cracks of our fragile union began to spread like the gaping cracks in the city streets. They didn't stop when they swallowed cars or buildings. They didn't stop when molten lava poured out of the Earth and consumed the city. If I would be made to use my powers for bad, I would use my powers for bad. Simple as that, if you asked me.

"Take care of them," I said to the soldiers. Fear turned to terror. Shame turned to terror. Why does everything ultimately turn to terror? The soldiers couldn't resist. The politicians wouldn't lift a finger. The scientists weren't fighters. And the general just looked at me.

"Why?"I was laying in my bed about to go to sleep, exhausted from a day of... Well, that's irrelevant. My hand was dangling off the side when I felt a hand grasp it. Bony and sinewy, the fingernails long and jagged, the grip firm. It wasn't firm like a comforting hug. It was the type of firm that won't let go and it pulls you towards it a little more each time you try to break away.

More concerning was the fact that I lived alone and the hand was coming from underneath my bed. But I had been raised a gentleman, and part of that involved giving people - or non-people, as it turns out - a firm handshake. First impressions are important and a limp handshake can define that impression. Under-bed creature or not, I didn't want to spoil a first impression.

So I gave it a good shake. From below the bed there was a groan of what could only amount to satisfaction or intense gratification and for a moment I wondered if I was holding a hand or... "You're hired," a sinister voice said, its voice something between a hiss and a growl. I shuddered.

I shouldn't have shaken that hand. Obviously. Would you shake a hand that shouldn't be there? You reach into your washing machine for that last sock stuck to the top and a hand grabs yours - do you shake it firmly or scream and call the police? Your hand is dangling off the side of your bed - no longer a bunk-bed in the childhood room you used to share with a sibling - and a hand grabs it. Shake, right? I don't suggest it. Not after this.

But a deal is a deal. I'm a man of my word, and we had sealed this with a handshake. "Hired for what exactly?" I asked curiously. The hand had let go of mine, a long fingernail gently coursing down the length of my hand, tickling it just a little and sending a chill through my entire being. Now through the moonlight that crept in between the curtains I could see the creature below the bed had pulled itself out and risen to its feet. It dusted itself off. I don't vacuum under the bed very often.

It stood about as high as my waist, its hands over-sized and its whole body that same fibrous texture I had felt. It was so lean I could see its veins and muscles rippling under its black skin as it moved. When it turned towards me, those eyes were as black as a moonless night, teeth as sharp as razor-blades. It smiled a most unpleasant smile and I felt a chill run up my spine.

"You'll be my little assistant," it said with a grin. It was the opposite of cute or endearing but it wooed me with those words. A deal is a deal, after all. It rubbed its hands together and the sound grated my ears like a fork scraping against a dinner plate. We had shaken on it, I had to remind myself. Not that I would have been able to resist anyways. Something about the creature was alluring, its eyes hypnotizing and its words enchanting.

"Doing what?" I insisted. It was obvious I wouldn't be in charge of whatever devious operation this garish creature had in mind. I would be it's underling, a servant destined to become as twisted as the master he serves.

It smiled even wider, its mouth stretching further than seemed possible and a second row of teeth glowed in the pale light. Its eyes were colorless orbs, seducing me the longer I stared into them. "Fulfilling curses," it answered simply and then it began to convulse in villainous laughter.is up!

The aura of the little Tuscan flower shop drew me in like none had drawn me in before. Not even world governments or their secret spy societies; not even cults or churches or anything of the sort. It glowed red to me, pulsating like a living, beating heart. I was a moth to a flame; a drowning creature to the tantalizing safety of fresh air.

Bells on the door jingled as I entered; the smell of lavender and roses assailed my nostrils. I gave in to the temptation and looked around.

Flowers, of course, I was in a flower shop. But they were the finest, most intricate flowers I had ever seen. Roses with such detail that I could lose myself in the petals for hours. Pinks that turned to red in a different light. Purples that turned to a dark maroon and blacks darker than the darkest night.

"Welcome," she said, her English heavily accented. I must have looked a tourist with the t-shirt of the Italian boot hoofing a soccer ball and my backpack on. Her voice was mellow, the tone sweet. Her face was pretty, with plump cheeks. She smiled politely, and for a moment the pulsing of the walls stopped. "How are you?" she asked as I approached the desk.

"What is this place?" I said by way of response, looking deep into her eyes. They were a kaleidoscope of colors, tossing the reds and greens and purples of the flowers into a multicolored masterpiece.

"A flower shop, sir," she responded. She must have me a fool, asking what a flower shop was. She must have thought me a fool, that I was ignorant to the secrets that little shop held. I shook my head, breathing deeply. Petunias, if my memory served me right, sitting on the counter, patterned like the night sky. I reached for a petal and she stopped me. "No touching, please.

"Sorry."

She smiled pleasantly, my trespass forgiven. "What flower are you looking for?"

I looked her in the eyes again, fighting the hypnotic way the colors morphed and molded into different shades and shapes. "I'm not actually looking for a flower," I told her. I think she might have already known. She blinked carefully but her face remained impassive, helpful as a service worker strove to be.

"Then how can I help, sir?"

"This place," I said vaguely, waving around a hand. "This is the headquarters of an organization."

She didn't smile and she didn't frown. She tensed, maybe, but even that was so subtle that I could have imagined it. Almost imperceptibly, she shook her head. "No, sir. I think you're mistaken."

I shook my head. "I'm not mistaken. I don't make mistakes, not about this. This shop..." I looked around. Passerby walked by oblivious to the secrets of this little store. Some glanced in the window, their faces crinkling into smiles as they saw the magical flowers of the gallery. "This is the head of the world's most powerful organization."

She gulped and her jaw clenched. I was sure of it now. The ringing of the bell on the door snapped her gaze away from me and she glanced up towards the latest customer. Then her eyes were back on mine, the kaleidoscope now muted and black and her gaze steely. "You're mistaken," she answered firmly. She raised a hand, beckoning the customer towards me. "Mario," she said. It wasn't just a name. It was an order.

I stepped aside but an iron grip grasped my arm. The street was the other way, not towards the back room where I was being led. I voiced a complaint and he gruffly shushed me, saying something in Italian that I couldn't understand. I tried to plant my feet but the behemoth of a man pulled me forwards.

A bull in a China shop, I thought to myself, wondering how he managed to so gracefully avoid even touching any of the flowers. That was my last thought as he opened the door, throwing me inside and stepping in behind me.

 is up!The arrival of humans to the perpetuity of interstellar wars was met with little fanfare. One more species, to be eliminated like so many others. The domineering Ro'koors, the apex predators of this era of warfare, shrugged with indifference. Exploring always led to exploiting; exploiting to eventual extermination.

Most species died of shock quite quickly. Losing millions disrupted the hive-mind, that fragile societal network that made them a cohesive species - and a cohesive fighting force - and few species ever recovered. They withered away, the survivors stunned into a silent stupor from the shock of having essential elements of their very being ripped to shreds.

Humans were different. It wasn't immediately apparent. They still flew into battle with all the misplaced bravery of a angry kittens. They were still torn to shreds by weapons generations more advanced. Their dismembered bodies still floated through the galaxy, littering planets with a rain of wayward wreckage and limbs.

But the humans kept coming. Their ability to absorb the pain seemed endless, their bloodlust insatiable, and their desire for conquest insurmountable. When one fell, another replaced him. When a million fell, a million more stepped up to take their places.

It was in the ruins of their home planet that the interstellar envoys were greeted by a band of war-weary humans. Face-to-face with them for the first time, the Ro'koor gaped as they were greeted by one human and then by another and another each in turn. "Can you not all greet us at once through the hive-mind?" an envoy asked, his speech parsed and translated by the crude systems implemented for the unexpected bout of diplomacy.

"Hive-mind?" The one who seemed to be the human leader frowned, as if he wasn't familiar with the term.

"The network. The connection between your species." A simple concept for interstellar species. A way for all to experience one, and for one to experience all. Crucial in that crude era of slower-than-light travel.

At this the man laughed, and the Ro'koor envoy felt every inch of his blob prickle in fear of the way the human's eyes glimmered with cruelty. The man spat on the ground, grinding it into the gravel rubble with a dirty boot. "There's no connection," he answered with a sneer. "It's each man for himself."

By the time the envoy received the message and conveyed it to the members of his diplomatic mission, it was too late. The realization that they had met the wrong group of humans - a group of stateless mercenaries instead of a peace-seeking nation or an interconnected species - came to them once the cages slammed shut and they felt themselves dragged away.I awoke in a daze, struggling to remember how I came to be strapped to a chair in a windowless room, wires and tubes snaking out of my body like hungry little worms seeking to devour my very being. Two figures came into focus, first shadows and then clearly men, their faces the amused expressions of people relishing a spectacle they should regret enjoying but they don't. "That was life sentence 24," one of them says. He's older. His eyes are cold and cruel and sad and angry. "Only 356 sentences left."

I shake my head. I feel empty. I feel drained. It's an agonizing dj vu where I'm terrified of something and just can't pinpoint what. "No," I beg. "Please. Whatever you're doing. Please stop."

The other man chuckles. The younger one. He can't be much older than I am - or than I was, if it weren't for the decades I feel like I've aged. "Please stop?" He spits on me and I strain against the ropes, desperate to lap up even a drop of liquid. Anything to help my parched mouth. He picks up a water bottle and carefully streams the contents into my mouth until I am satisfied and I close my lips. He stops pouring. "Please stop? Did that make you stop?" I don't know. I truly don't know. It's all a blur, like a dozen lives blended together into one hellish existence.

"Make me stop what?" I stare at him pleadingly, asking genuinely. It's not a physical torture they're conducting. It's hard to even discern how I'm being tortured. The restraints aren't too tight, I am given water and my stomach is full. They haven't beaten me. They haven't even touched me. But somehow I feel dead inside, like they've carefully torn apart the seams of who I was and emptied me of my identity. They've left me barren and apathetic, as if they've removed my existence but left my empty shell. "What didn't I stop doing?" I couldn't remember. I wasn't doubting them. I just couldn't remember anymore.

The older man smiled with his mouth. His eyes didn't change. He crouched down, bringing his eyes to the level of mine. "How do you feel? Tell me. Then we'll stop."

"Empty," I sobbed. "I just feel like..." I grasped for the right words. They lingered on the tip of my tongue. "There's something missing. I don't know what. Just something. Or someone. Please. Don't hurt them."

They glanced at each other and they both chuckled wryly. Sinister chuckles that didn't seem to bode well for me. "It's too late. You've made sure of that." It was still the old man talking. His cruel eyes flared with anger and his jaw clenched and unclenched and I could hear his teeth grinding. "Tell me how you feel," he repeated.

"Like there's somebody missing. Like I want to talk to them but I can't. Like I turn a corner and I think I see them but it's not them, and then I remember it never will be because they're gone. They're gone for good. Something happens and I want to talk to them and I pull up their number on my phone but it just rings and rings and I hear their voice but it's the same voicemail and I know they'll never answer. They can't answer." He nodded at me, encouraging me to continue. My words were flowing now as I desperately tried to describe the emotions they were somehow forcing upon me. Describing them would end my torture. That's what he had said. "I feel like somebody has been stolen from me and all I want to do is rewind time back to when we were together. But I won't ever be able to. Not even for a moment."

The old man nodded. The younger one looked at me with nothing but hatred. "You're starting to understand how we feel. You're seeing what she could have had and then you're seeing how it feels to have it all taken away. An entire life ahead of her and you had to cut it short. 380 days you had her. And now you get to live that life 380 times. Once for each day."

"I'm sorry," I said helplessly. "Please don't do this. I can't take it anymore." Twenty-four times had rendered me incapable of keeping my emotions together. Another three-hundred times would kill me. I was sure of it. The look in their eyes told me they didn't care. In fact, they might prefer it.

"Sorry doesn't fix it. Not even for a moment." The old man tore his eyes from mine and glanced back to the younger one. "Run him through another life sentence, son. Number 25."The Book is our yesterday. The Book is our tomorrow. The Book is our past and our future and our present all bundled together into that infinite tome. It's not a Bible where fact is interspersed with fiction. It's not an encyclopedia where today's truth may be tomorrow's lies. No matter how outrageous, the information from the Book is always true.

There's just one rule to this crux of our civilization: once a page is turned, it is impossible to turn it back. If the newest page tells of an asteroid hurtling towards our solitary planet or of an invasion of demonic beings from another dimension, it is destined to happen. If the Book adds canon for events of long ago, they become the way they have always been. Each day we turn a page. Each day we will turn a page until there are no more pages left to turn.

I didn't think that day would ever come. We have been around for many thousands of years. From the times of the Early Men with their loincloths and their three-headed canine companions to the grandiose architecture of the Golden Age with those buildings that tore gashes into the clouds to bring forth the heavenly rains, the pages have turned. Presidents have usurped kings. Dictators have toppled presidents. The reservoir has dried and the locusts have ravaged the fertile fields. The orchards have given fruit to golden apples and the ocean's fish have leaped into our nets with suicidal glee. Through good and bad, the Book has led us.

And then today at the ceremony the new page told us it was over. Not humanity, I hope, and not the story of our developing civilization, but the pages of the Book. Caution, do not turn! was all the new page read. The council deliberated for hours. I don't know why. There wasn't anything to deliberate about. For thousands of years we had followed each instruction the Book gave us and crafted our history and future from the words that the magical volume sprang forth. This time should be no different.

But fall never came. The leaves never turned to red or orange. Grandmother never died, in spite of her raspy breath and the way her hands trembled as she guided the bowl of water to her mouth. Mother never gave birth. No mothers ever gave birth. The crescent moon never waned or waxed and the tides ceased to inch their way up the sandy beach. And so the council sat down again, and once more they found themselves locked in the same indecision. Or perhaps their indecision was a decision in itself, a decision to blindly obey the Book that had provided us with the blessings to survive until now.

The book still sat atop the altar in the city square, its pages weighed down by some invisible force. Only a hand could move it onward, and nothing at all could move it back.

That was until the riders came with an unusual fog, four of them trotting into the city atop those magnificent horses. A white horse, pure as the doves a bride releases at her ceremony. A red horse, painted with blood. A black horse as dark as the nights we no longer had. A pale horse, its ribs showing through that patchy hair. They stopped before the book, and one by one they dismounted and traced their fingers around its edges. They spoke amongst themselves in hushed tones. The council watched in perverse fascination as our fragile existence lingered at their fingertips.

And then the horseman cloaked black gently closed the book and they continued on their journey. With indecision came decision. The seeds never grew and the fish stopped swimming. The creatures of the forest dwindled and the aqueduct ran dry. Grandmother disappeared, walking off in the direction that the horsemen went. Others followed, undoing themselves of the restraints of their deathbed to walk into the emptiness. And still the council deliberated, reluctant to open the Book again.

Only when we found ourselves short of able bodies as we struggled to fill the gaps that our deserters left did we finally come back to the Book. Pestilence was naught, for we had no crops. War was sparse, for our enemies laughed at the frail remnants of what we were. Even famine didn't strike, because we had few people left to eat the little food we had. With our indecision came only death, as the horsemen had decided.

And so we opened the Book, and we found that it was blank now. Page after page was empty. Briefly, for a fleeting moment, we were a people without a past. But people remembered and they spoke. And instead of the Book dictating the way we would henceforth be, each day we put to writing the way things were. No longer did the Book tell of a past and future we could not escape. Now we wrote our own history.Much like a painting in the art museum or a photograph in a magazine that captivates you and makes you cast a second glance, there have always been some artifacts that I just feel drawn towards. The Pharaoh's scepter or an ancient Qin dynasty vase; an aboriginal spear or the flint arrowhead of a Sioux warrior. Sometimes it's hard to put words to the charm, like an impressionist painting where your only connection to its creator is the fleeting notion of what they intended to convey. They lure you in, capturing first your eyes and then your mind and before you know it, you've lost yourself in the history of mankind, wondering who held each item and with what purpose and what emotion.

"What's that one?" I asked Fred, the ancient curator who must have been as old as some of these artifacts. We often made our rounds together, pacing like two of Darwin's plodding tortoises through the halls and around magnificent galleries. We talked about his life, the story enough to fill several volumes of a biography, and we talked about the items around us, his little morsels of information enough for me to create entire delicacies with my imagination.

He glanced around to check that no patrons were near and then stepped towards the case that my finger pointed at. We were in the midst of ancient Mesopotamia, that cradle of civilization. He frowned. There was a vague description; no more than a guess as to whether it was a tool or a trinket or the head of a weapon, and a brief note saying that the origin was unknown.

There weren't many items with such an undefined past. The best archaeologists and historians in the world worked ceaselessly to discover and identify ever bit of our history, down to the food a dead caveman had for breakfast before dying. We knew how animals had died tens of thousands of years ago and how people dressed and the reverence they showed to Gods who had not shown their face in millennia.

"I'm not sure, to be honest," he said finally, scratching at his thinning white hair. If Fred didn't know, nobody knew. There were very few things that Fred didn't know about this museum and its contents. He was searching through the thick set of keys that dangled from his belt, serving as a little chime to tell you of his approach. "It might not even belong here. Sometimes we just place the unknown ones with our best guess until somebody comes along with new information and laughs us into putting it where it belongs." He quietly hummed an old tune to himself as he sorted through the keys before finally settling on one. "Let's see what we have," he whispered, reaching in and taking the artifact out of the case.

Only Fred had access to the keys like this. People joked that he owned the museum, or maybe that he had founded it. He had probably crafted a few of those things himself. Maybe the Sioux arrowhead, or maybe he had taken it to the knee and that's why he limped when he walked. "Is it heavy?" I asked as he handed it towards me, holding it between two fingers and cupping the other hand beneath it as if it might drip. He nodded. His lips were curled into a slight smile, as if he knew something about the antiquity that he wasn't revealing.

"Heavier than it looks."

And with his eyes fixed on mine he unceremoniously dropped it into my waiting hand, the misshapen gray object falling with the faintest of whistles. My hands descended with it, surprised by its weight, and I closed a fist to deftly catch it. Through my fingers escaped a blinding glow and I squinted and held it out towards Fred. Just as quickly, the glow was gone. "This is old," I whispered. It felt like a stone, but not like the graceful flint arrowheads or the weighty blocks of a Roman road. It was heavier than any stone I had held and it had a power coming from it that I couldn't quite describe. Memories from a different life rushed to me and I flinched at the sudden onset.

Fred chuckled darkly. "Everything here is old." I could now place from where he looked familiar, a young man in a busy bazaar with those unmistakable eyes. A hunter's eyes.

"I mean really old. This is the oldest thing we have." I said it assertively, stating as canon this that I knew to be true.

He scowled at me, deep creases appearing in his forehead and down the sides of his mouth. "How would you know? You haven't even looked at it."

"I've held this before, Fred," I whispered. I was looking at it now, admiring the glow and completely engrossed. He seemed unperturbed, completely oblivious to the metamorphosis of this magnificent artifact. "Don't you see it glowing?" I hissed, not taking my eyes away from it.

He didn't laugh now. He seemed to tense as he held out his hand. "Give it back now, boy. You're talking gibberish." In the stone I could see us both, him waiting a bit distressed for me to return the artifact while it glowed brilliantly as I turned it over and over in my hands.

I shook my head. I didn't want to let go. I couldn't let go. This didn't belong in a museum. This belonged with me, after all these years apart. "I need this," I whispered, finally glancing back up at him.

A change had occurred in those old eyes. Their pale blue was darker now, fading quickly to an inky anger. I could see the veins in his forehead pulsating and his outstretched hand trembled. "You don't," he retorted, his voice stony. "Give it back and we'll forget you ever said a thing."

I shook my head. "I can't, Fred," I murmured. I would fight him if I had to. I would fight him if it made me. He was past the age where old-man strength would help him prevail. He was too old. Too frail. Too much a part of the battles of ancient times to fight one now. "I can't," I repeated louder, my voice recalcitrant and edging on belligerent.

His hand grasped my wrist, clamping down like a vice. "You can. And you will," he hissed. His eyes were almost black now, his pupils barely discernible from the irises. "And if you don't, you should know that you weren't the first."I married Sandra in a lovely ceremony on the grounds of my elegant mansion, on the side without the graveyard. The sun was bright, and people smiled and everything seemed to finally be lining up for her, at least as far as love goes. I probably should have asked more questions before then. What was she doing at the ball that evening we met, dateless and definitely not of the right social class? What was up with that assortment of engagement rings she had in a jewelry box, each with a bigger diamond than the last? I was just loving it. I didn't ask any questions. I didn't want to scare her away, but I knew she was a gold digger if I had ever seen one.

I noticed her attitude toward me change soon after we wed and she dropped the little romantic facade she had been putting up. Little things, at first. She would leave shoes spread out in our bedroom, knowing that I get up before her and avoid turning the light on. I tripped over them more than once. Another time she jokingly pushed me towards the busy boulevard as we strolled down a busy city sidewalk. I caught myself, and she played it off as a joke. Funny enough, considering I survived. Poisoning my food? That was taking it a little too far and my patience was running thin. Jeremiah - I think he was my forty-fifth butler - pointed out to me the little vial he had found hidden in her drawers. I shrugged it off. What was the bother if it didn't affect me? I was just counting her attempts and wondering if she would get the hint.

You see, I've been married before. Many times, in fact. I get a little more involved than I should, just because I miss the way it used to be. They fall for the money and the unfathomable wealth I've accumulated in the centuries I've lived. Soon enough, they start plotting ways to eliminate me. Some are creative. I've had toasters thrown into the hot tub. I've been run over by cars. Some are more subtle, like Sandra. She wasn't coming after me with a baseball bat or a machete. She was sneaky, or at least she thought so.

You may have misunderstood and thought I was implying that I loved her. I don't. I have always known what she was after. I just love the little games we play. I love seeing her squirm uncomfortably as we stroll through the graveyard. She doesn't know that it brings back fond memories and makes me look forward to where she might one day lay. I love seeing the shock on her face when I down the poison and don't even blink. I love seeing the fear when I get up with my head beat in and it begins to heal before their eyes. I love to see how far they will take it before giving up, or if they're determined enough to never stop. Eventually, I'm sure I'll find the right one. Somebody who gives me a real challenge and a little bit of excitement to break the monotony of a thousand wives.We never quite were the traditional couple. She was the breadwinner, working days and some evenings as an accountant at one of the top finance firms. It seemed dreadfully boring to me but she was good at it. Really good at it. We decided early on that I would stay at home once we had kids; maybe I would work an odd job now and then if we could use the extra cash but otherwise I would be a stay-at-home dad. People can judge all they like. It worked for us though.

With things being the way they were, it was inevitable that I would be the first to experience Leo's milestones. I heard his first words, I saw his first steps. The usual. She would get to see them in the evenings after work as I did my best to get him to repeat whatever he had said.

Eventually he was walking enough that we would go on a morning walk. He would run through the dew of the neighbors' yards while I strolled on the sidewalk close behind him. He would point at squirrels and bunnies and birds and mimic their noises and leaps. Then one day as we walked, a squirrel darted towards the street, oblivious to the certain death that awaited it as a car sped way too quickly for these suburban streets. I was convinced my toddler was about to see a close-up of fresh roadkill and I started to move to cover his eyes. "Stop," he yelled frantically as loudly as his little lungs could manage.

I picked him up, pressing him against my chest and turning his back towards the grisly scene. That's when I saw the squirrel, safe from the oncoming car and suspended mid-jump just about the grass. "What the..." I caught myself before finishing my sentence and I carefully set Leo on the ground and we approached the squirrel. The car was long gone, having not even noticed the collision course it had been on.

"Go," Leo mumbled quietly when we were far closer to the squirrel than I had ever been to one. And then the squirrel finished its jump and darted across the street and into a tree. As uneventful as the rest of the day was, I obviously couldn't get his little commands and the image of the levitating squirrel out of my head. Something about the ease with which he said it and the tone he used seemed familiar.

"Hi, honey," Liz said when she got home.

"Mommy!" Leo yelled and he ran over to his mother. It was a lot easier to keep tabs on him before he walked. I stayed at the kitchen counter, staring at them Leo cautiously.

"Is everything okay?" she asked me when she walked into the kitchen and her eyes caught mine.

I neither nodded nor shook my head. I stood there with my arms crossed, not taking my eyes off her. "We need to talk," I said finally. I pointed at the stool on the other side of the counter and she sat, giving me a quizzical look.

"What's going on?" She seemed concerned and completely oblivious.

"We need to talk about Leo," I said quietly. Her face went pale and she glanced around for him in motherly concern.

"Leo!" He yelled in childish glee at hearing his name. It was an odd habit he had developed, like a miniature Hodor. He clutched her leg and she moved him away.

"Stop," she ordered gently, prying his arms from her leg. "Go." She nudged him towards his playroom and suddenly the familiarity of that tone he had used dawned on me. "What happened?" She asked innocently, turning back towards me.

"You tell me," I answered shortly. She should have already told me. We had a good foundation and good communication. We didn't hide things from each other, or at least I didn't hide things from her. "Leo froze a squirrel today."

She gulped. She knew I didn't mean he froze it in a freezer. She knew exactly what I was referring to. "I can explain," she said. Her voice was just above a whisper. She reached out to pet my arm and calm me down and I flinched and pulled away.

"What are you?" I demanded, raising my voice at her. Was it just stop and go? What else could she stop? What else could she control? I shook my head at her, the anxiety and panic boiling inside at how easily she had manipulated Leo and if she had...

"Stop," she whispered in that soothing voice."Ted," Mub said with a pleasant smile when he crawled out from under the bed. He dusted himself off. The room was long unused, just the memories of a child gone remaining. A rocking horse, swaying gently back and forth. A table, where Ted sat waiting. Three chairs, and three little plastic cups.

"Mub," Ted answered with a sad smile. "Long time, old friend. Mic will be here any moment now."

As if on cue, a long tentacle crept out of the slightly open closet door and Mic emerged. He sneezed, stirring up a cloud of dust which made him sneeze again.

"Dusty in here," Mic commented dryly.

Ted smiled sadly at his old acquaintance's antics. He always had a penchant for drama. "Have a seat, Mub, Mic," Ted directed. He pointed them to their seats. "I've missed you both," Ted said quietly. They had retired after the incident. It was for the best, they told Ted. And they promised they would visit.

Mic seemed entranced by the abandoned toys of the room. He looked up and down and from corner to corner. The door was closed, as it had been for years. Some of the drawers of the dresser were still propped open, as if somebody would return to don the clothes one last time. That wouldn't happen, Ted knew.

"What's been crackin', bud?" Mic asked once he was done surveying the surroundings.

"Yeah, Ted, you alright?" Mub added. Their old friend seemed beleaguered; there were dark circles beneath his eyes and one of his ears was half torn. Years of neglect, from the looks of it. It hadn't always been like that.

"It's been tough," Ted admitted. He looked at each of them in turn and then took a sip from the empty cup. The cups had always been empty, even when he had human company. Part of a game, Ted figured. A game he hadn't understood then and would never be able to understand now. "There's a whole new breed," he explained quietly.

"Of monsters?" Mub and Mic looked at each other in concern as Ted nodded. "Who?" Mub asked, pressing for answers.

"The parents," Ted explained.

"They were never monsters." That was true. They were loving and caring. They were gentle and understanding. When Ted was forgotten at the tea table and the car revved in the driveway indicating a road trip, one of them would always run up to get him before they went too far. Not by the ear, either, but they would hold him gently just like...

"They aren't monsters. They have monsters," Ted clarified. "The door is always closed, except late at night. Then they open it and just stand there and cry." Mub and Mic looked crestfallen, and they glanced down at their empty teacups. Mub shifted uncomfortably in his seat.

"Do they hurt you?" Mub asked quietly. He was always the more caring of the two monsters. Mic was more aloof.

"No," Ted answered hesitantly. "They don't. But they'll come in and sit on the bed sometimes," he explained, gesturing towards where the sheets on the small bed were creased from someone having sat there. "And their monsters, I can't help with them," Ted continued.

A tear rolled down from his eye and disappeared into his patchy fur. The years hadn't been kind to him, and Mub wondered how long he had been sitting at the table waiting. Ted had been the best once, foiling Mic and Mub at every turn. It was like a game, but the stakes were so much higher. Peace and comfort could be wrenched away to be replaced with fitful night terrors and tears.

"Some monsters can't be beat," Mic responded. If he meant to be comforting, he did a miserable job of it.

"I think they might be leaving soon," Ted said bluntly.

"Leaving?" Mub gasped. "They can't leave. What will they do with..." He glanced around the room. It was just as it had been on that fateful night, the last time he truly felt like a monster. He was retired now, the job having been too taxing.

Ted shrugged. "Someone else will move in."

"And how about you, Ted?" Mub asked. He leaned in close, deep wrinkles indicating his concern.

"To the bag," Ted responded sadly. "I just wanted to tell you that I missed you before I go."My wife didn't like the house at first. She said it just creeped her out. She's superstitious. I'm not even a little stitious. I am persistent though. The thought of a totally connected house, as the owners worded it, just wasn't something I felt we should pass up. The installation of smart systems that advanced would have been thousands of dollars, minimum.

I finally convinced her. I credit my bedroom prowess. She doesn't. We were visiting the house for the third time, part of a delicate tug-of-war between this house and literally any other house. I went about it cordially, of course. Cordially but tenaciously.

We were in the master bedroom when she finally folded. "Close the door," I commanded the house. The door gently closed. "Turn on some Marvin Gaye." I don't even know how they hid the speakers so well. I leaned her back onto the bed and it creaked under our unexpected weight. She shushed me bashfully, nervous about the oblivious realtor waiting downstairs. My hands crept to her hips and up her sides and she fumbled with my belt. And then she stopped me and put a finger to my lips.

"Not on their bed," she whispered with a coy smile. Fair enough. That did seem a little disrespectful to the old couple selling the house. I started to buckle my belt. "Let's do it," she whispered, those seductive eyes fixed on mine. Such beautiful indecisiveness. It's not like we were choosing where to go for dinner... I started to unbuckle my belt again and she rolled her eyes and shook her head. "The house. Let's do it."

"Are you sure?" I eyed her uncertainly, surprised by the effectiveness of my seduction.

She nodded, a sparkle in her eye. "You seem sure. Let's buy it."

So we did.

As cliche as it might sound, happily ever after was awfully close to our truth. We have a kid now, a baby girl. My wife works long hours so I don't need to, and instead I stay at home taking care of the house and of Lily. Being home so much, I've grown used to the house's quirks.

You can't be too rude when you make a request. Please and thank you at a minimum, and the occasional "thanks for existing" doesn't seem to hurt either. Sometimes if you move to a new room too quickly, the system takes a minute to update your location and fulfill your next request. Requests made in anger - no matter how much you follow them with please - tend to be ignored. Doors don't slam. Plates don't fly. And children can't be locked in rooms, even as a joke.

I started lingering outside our daughter's room after putting her to bed. It was like clockwork; once the lights were out and the door was closed, I would hear her quietly step out of bed and pull back the little chair to the tea table play-set. She wasn't nearly as sneaky as she thought she was. Then she would converse for hours, and I would never hear a response.

When I would ask in the morning who she was talking to, she would give me that adorable side-eye glance and giggle and tell me she was connecting with the house. "Completely connected," the previous owners words echoed in my ears. Of course, during those hours that she spent connecting, the house would steadfastly refuse to connect with me. I would have to demote myself to the tedious task of turning on the television by hand. Once I even had to turn off the living room lights myself.

I called an electrician finally, unable to find any warranty documentation for the system that the previous owners might have left. My wife laughed and called me spoiled for being frustrated at having to open and close doors myself. "I told you it would be hard to maintain," she said with a roll of her eyes. It really hadn't caused trouble for the first few years but I didn't argue. She didn't understand my struggles.

The electrician shrugged. "I don't know what to tell you, buddy. If I didn't know any better, I'd say you're pranking me." He was a grizzled old man with grey hair and a workman's forearms and a no-nonsense attitude. "There isn't a single smart thing about this house. Dumb as the bricks it's built with." He chuckled at his play on words. I paid him for his time and closed the door behind him.

"Why the heck won't you work, house?" I asked nobody in particular as I leaned against the door in frustration. I made sure to curate my language to keep it kid-friendly, just in case. Kids always had a knack for lurking in the shadows absorbing curse words like hungry little vacuums.

Lily peeked out at me from around the door to the kitchen. "Be nice to House, daddy," Lily said. I stared at her. "House doesn't like meanies."

"Who is house, Lily?" She bit her blanket and glanced around nervously and gave me a little shake of her head.

"You know who House is, daddy. House helps you. House said they just wanted a friend to talk to while they helped out."

"Show me house, Lilian." I wasn't asking now. She flinched at the use of her full name.

I was scared. Just as scared as her, probably. I was scared of who might be talking to my daughter and I was scared of my superstitious wife's reaction. The "I told you so" would never end. Lily hesitated for a moment and then hesitantly pointed at the wall of the foyer. I heard a dejected sigh from the empty space.

"Lily," I heard nobody whine in a child's voice. "This was supposed to be our secret." Invisible ghost children. Perfect. It did explain a fair number of the house's quirks though.

Tears brimmed in Lily's eyes. I looked on in shock. "Don't cry," we said together, and Lily rubbed away a tear.

"And don't tell mom," I urged quietly. I pulled her in for a hug. From the living room, I heard a little giggle and then her favorite television show turn on. "This can still be our little secret.""Everything set for landing?" I chuckled. I always got a laugh out of talking to myself on this solitary spaceship. I hadn't always been alone but... Well, you know. Shit happens, as the saying goes. I'd have to teach those Earthlings what the hip space travelers were saying these days.

"All set," I responded to myself. Earth grew rapidly as I approached. It was more populated than the reports had said it would be. Beautiful cities appeared, labeled by my trustworthy Informational Device; Detroit, Gary, Flint. I knew I would be greeted with skepticism at first, as a prophet bringing forth the future always was, but the incredible technology I would offer those people would surely win them over. The Talking Box and the Image Viewer and the Creator of Pictures. I would introduce them to the future, one advancement at a time.

I landed where I think a war had happened. My Informational Device had mentioned some wars with the continental natives but this seemed more like the ruins of a once prosperous nation. I was impressed, to say the least. I knew the Maya and Incans had built mighty cities but I did not expect too much from the local tribes. The natives must have won. They stalked around the streets with their shirts off and wrapped around their heads and touted old pistols they had pilfered from a colonist. Just like expected.

"Children of the Earth," I bellowed to them as I stepped out of my spaceship. They looked at me like I was crazy. I'm not. I couldn't wait until I saw their faces once I started to show and tell. "I have come to deliver you to the future."

"Gonna deliver yo' ass to the grass, bitch," one of the youths yelled back at me. I chuckled. Such crude humor was to be expected from such a technologically primitive people.

"I have here a..." I let the suspense build for a second as I reached into my bag of gadgets. A crowd had gathered and I basked in the company of this antiquated people. "A Talking Box!" I exclaimed, pulling it out and turning it on. I turned the knobs and the box began to talk. They gawked at me. I loved the reactions on their stunned faces as they got a glimpse of the advancements I had to offer.

"You call it what?"

"A Talking Box, my curious friend," I responded.

"I ain't yo' friend, bitch. That's a fuckin' radio." My technology was advanced, but my local lingo not so much. I took bitch to be endearing since the family she-dog could still be a man's most trusted friend.

"Pretty rad, I know!" They stared at each other. The look of awe on those native faces filled me with wondrous joy. I often imagined what it would have been like to see my child grow up. Alas, food had run short over the course of my trip. "Next I have a Creator of Pictures," I exclaimed, pulling out the next device. I pointed it towards their shocked faces and pressed the button and a moment later the picture was delivered into my hand.

"A fuckin' Polaroid," one of them said. They shook their heads. Such surprise was well worth the journey.

"Let me shoot him," another said. I smiled. They wanted to learn, such curious minds they had. I walked towards them, Creator of Pictures held out in my hand.

"Here, shoot me," I encouraged with a loving look.

"I don't need that. I got this," he responded lifting the pistol-like device he must have gotten from a colonist. The countless things I could teach them flashed through my mind. The technologies. The recipes. The drugs. The memes. I'm in danger.Things had been tense in the Penn household ever since Mrs. Penn caught Mr. Penn sifting through the neighbor's trash. She always knew he had eyes for the neighbor lady, but this was the last straw. She could only imagine what he might have been looking for. Something gross, surely.

"You're a fucking pig," she spat at him as they argued in the kitchen. He stiffened for a moment, wondering if she had discovered his secret. It couldn't be. They hadn't been intimate in weeks, ever since he was wiping and he felt that little tail that had sprouted out of his coccyx. She was kinky, but not like that.

"It's not what you think," he insisted. She was extra irritable due to bad sleep. She claimed he snorted all night. Not snored. But snorted. He wondered if that and the tail were related. "I promise. Something just..."

"Just what? Forced you to go looking through her trash? What are you? A stalker?" She slammed the bedroom door in his face. Mr. Penn moped about the rest of the day. He always felt terrible after they fought. He opted to give his aching legs a break and he crawled over to the sofa. It had been fight after fight since trash day the previous Tuesday. The weekend had brought no cease-fire and now all he could do was snort-cry into the blanket on the sofa. As if the tail wasn't enough, his whole body had started aching; his legs from so much walking on two feet and his arms for some undetermined reason.

He thought he heard Mrs. Penn calling and one of his ears perked up. Another recent oddity, maybe related to the tail. There it was again. "Honey?" he asked as he crawled to the bedroom door. Once there, he tenderly rose to his feet, groaning in pain as he did. "Are you okay?" He knocked on the bedroom door, his hand curled into a fist. It hurt to spread his fingers out, as if they belonged closed like a hoof.

"Can you come in?"

He opened the door cautiously and gasped. His wife's nearly flawless face - flawless, if she was asking - was marred by a giant protrusion from her forehead. "Oh, my..."

"Is it a zit?" she asked in horror. He shook his head. Definitely not, unless it was the King Zit himself come to wreak havoc upon her beautiful features.

"It's like... A horn?" She touched the area gently, her fists also balled into hooves.

"Nayyyy," she whined, sounding an awful lot like a whinny. "I'm like a unicorn," she lamented. Mr. Penn couldn't disagree.

"Honey, can I show you something of my own?" She nodded, tears creeping down her face. So he turned and mooned her, the little curly tail popping out of his pants. He heard her gasp from behind him.

"Oh my gosh. You... You're really a pig."

He nodded sadly. "I'm a fucking pig. You're fucking a pig. Now you're a unicorn."

"What is happening?"

"I don't know. I think this might have been why I was going through the trash..." He knew that explanation wouldn't quite soothe her worries. The neighbor lady really was attractive, at least before she grew three more pairs of arms. "Does this mean we're okay?" he asked hopefully.

She scoffed, or maybe snorted, and her foot scraped angrily across the floor in a weird habit she seemed to have just developed. "Yeah, right. The day pigs fly, maybe."

As if on cue, Mr. Penn felt an excruciating pain from his arms, right where that dull pain had been for the past few days. A large hump appeared below his shirt and he desperately tore it off, trying to find what was causing his pain. He couldn't help but smile through the pain. "I think we're in luck then," he said as he glanced down. "I seem to have just sprouted a pair of wings."**[WP] Youve been a loyal and faithful servant over the years. The only rule your master, a very wealthy businessman, ever put in place, was Dont enter the study. Your master has died of a strange disease, and in his will he left you half of his fortune and a note. Enter the study. Destroy it.**

*****

I entered the study carefully. I don't know why. He had allowed my entry and the house was empty but for myself. I wouldn't be scolded or reprimanded or banished from the premises for entering. It was as nondescript as the rest of the house, at least to somebody like myself so accustomed to the extravagant ways of the rich and eccentric. It was meticulously kept, from the mahogany desk to the spotless hardwood floors. He must have cleaned them himself, unlike the rest of the house where it was my responsibility to tend to the quotidian tasks of watering plants and dusting and mopping. 

The walls were adorned with books. I expected that, I think. He was a studious man who prided himself on his knowledge of matters far and wide. He commonly reported the formal Latin name of any species of plant or animal on the grounds, from ants to bees to the raccoons and squirrels. He knew of foreign policy issues on the news that were far beyond my grasp. He read perpetually, always entranced by a new novel or reference book. The plethora of books in the library created a panorama of colors and he kept them neatly sorted by genre and author. That's what I first noticed. The books in the study were all the same. There must have been a thousand of those thick, leather-bound books.

And there was his desk. It was as simple as I would have imagined. In spite of the columns that adorned the facade of the house and the ornate woodwork of the main banister, he was a man of simple tastes. Quality over quantity, he would always say. And the desk was of the utmost quality and kept in the most pristine order. I could almost envision him sitting there, hunched as he scribbled some complex thesis or as he lost himself in the minutiae of some topic. The chair was empty, though. I would never see him in this room. By some mysterious affliction he had seemingly aged two dozen years in his last week and by the end he could barely croak out his final words. He had grown cold and indifferent and had locked himself away in his study until he could no longer physically cope to walk down from the bedroom. And then, as he lay bedridden and surely on his deathbed, he had dismissed the doctors and his children and grandchildren and asked for only me to stay.

"Enter the study," he had told me. My face must have shown my surprise because he nodded to confirm. He had always told me to never enter the study. Never, under any circumstance, was I to enter the study. What he had said next shocked me just as much. "Destroy it," he murmured. I had frowned. Destroy the study? It was, in all its mystery, the keystone of the house. To destroy the study was to destroy the house. And to destroy the house was to destroy his memory and his legacy and everything he had done. And then he shook his head. "No," he gasped and I felt bad for forcing him to repeat himself in his dying moments. "Destroy *it*." And then he closed his eyes and he was taken away. The funeral had been a quiet affair. He was never one for fanfare.

I looked past the desk. The study was windowless, situated in the middle of the house, like an engine room whose inner workings I had never  been made privy to. Two walls had the brown books, each seemingly identical to each of its neighbors. Behind me was the door. And against the last wall was a box with a sheet draped over it, as if hiding it had somehow allowed him to forget about its existence. 

I am not an educated man. Books were of no interest to me, as much as my master insisted that I read a set number of them a month. I had complained and rolled my eyes but ultimately obliged his every wish. I like to think I am a better man for it. But that aside, the identical books would not be what I first explored. I saw a box and I wanted to know what it contained. And so I made my way to the back wall and, as if I was hoping to surprise whatever the box might contain, I ripped the sheet off with the aplomb of a practiced magician. 

Only then did I see that it wasn't a box. It was a cage. And inside was a creature that stared at me unblinkingly. It was disturbingly human-like, or perhaps more like one of the apes I had seen in the pictures of the encyclopedias my master sometimes read, more comfortable on four feet than on two. I innately knew that this was what I was meant to destroy. This was the *it* he was referring to with his last words. And a part of me knew that this was somehow connected to my master's demise. I tore my eyes away from the familiar dark eyes of the creature and towards the books. I was a fool, in spite of years of teachings. That much was certain. The answer was doubtlessly in the books but I, a brute at heart, had insisted on driving straight towards the question instead of first satisfying myself with an answer. 

I moved to cover the creature with the sheet again and it finally broke its silence. "No," it hissed and those long, spindly fingers grabbed the bars of the cage. Something within me urged me to obey and I dropped the sheet onto the ground. "Release me," the creature demanded and I nodded wordlessly. The key would be in the desk. 

I turned now, released from the void of the eyes. The drawers of the desk were locked. My master had not intended for me to indulge in the secrets of the study. I was to destroy its contents and nothing more. In the center of the desk there was one more book, again identical to the ones on the walls. There was something caught between the pages and I flipped it open. There sat the key and I heard the creature hiss in anticipation. But there was my name, as best as I could tell, and I could not help but start to read. 

*My dearest Noah,* it began and I smiled sadly. He always addressed me as such before he began to lecture me, indifferent as to whether I fully comprehended what he said or if I just smiled and nodded. Sometimes I think he just liked to have somebody who listened. *If you are reading this, I am afraid that this side of me that I always tried to hide from you has come to light. I hope that, by the end of the journey on which you have chosen to embark by ignoring my last command, your opinion of me does not change.*

I shuddered. He spoke from the grave as if I was already half buried myself. I had always obeyed him, but this time curiosity had gotten the best of me. I read on, ignoring the clamor behind me. The cage rattled and shook and from the throat of the creature escaped the familiar voice of my master, screaming in a rage I had never witnessed.

*Behind you is a creature that is every bit me, yet not the me that you ever had the privilege of knowing. This is, more than anything else, what I will be remembered by if you do not succeed in destroying it. I know how much you have hated the readings I have given you over the years, but I beg that you please begin from the first volume of this series and do not stop until you understand why I have given you this last command.* I looked around. It was a gargantuan task to read each book in the study, especially at the pace I read. *The first few will provide you the reasons that the younger, bolder and more ambitious me had for exploring this side of our existence.* I paused and wiped a tear from my eye before it plummeted to the page below. I remembered my master's younger years. He had been handsome and daring and ready to take the world by storm. Business ventures flourished and women ogled and fell for him and he quickly amassed a fortune only the extremely capable or fortunately endowed could manage. Age had made him cautious and private but just as curious as ever. The creature had paused its racket and wheezed raspy breaths now.

*The next seven hundred or so will detail the journey I have taken so that you need not make the same journey.* Seven hundred books? I could barely handle the three or four a month that he demanded. Hopefully they were riddled with sketches and empty space but I knew that was not the way of my master. The text would be small and cramped in order to fit the most detail on each page. I read on in a stupor, dwarfed by the size of my task and marveling at the life my master had led in this secret room that was the nucleus of the house.  

*Call them trials or call them tortures - it matters naught. I have always told you that my success would be my demise.* He did always say that. I always imagined assassins or hitmen dispatched by jealous heirs, not an other-worldly creature locked in a cage locked in a room. *My success has been my demise, as I'm sure you've already realized.* I had not realized, but now I did. This was what he had sought to achieve; not to parade around the world or display in a museum but for the sake of achievement. This was what had destroyed him, and he thought it sinister enough to demand its destruction, legacy be damned.

*The last few will provide you the reasons that the older, wiser me had for regretting ever beginning this wretched experiment.*A walk through the echoing halls of the home and around the neatly manicured grounds did little to ease my mind. I found Bennett, my master's youngest son, an innocent boy of just seventeen years, sitting on the bench below the willow that overlooked the pond. He was a sweet boy, by far my favorite of my master's sons, if I may show some favoritism. Quite the opposite for my master who saw him as soft and not suited for the horrors of the real world. In spite of that, his father's death had left him distraught and his incessant pacing had left his footsteps well marked in the grass on the bank and on the hardwood floor of his room. "Hi, Noah," he said to me sadly when he saw me approaching. I had been observing him from a distance for several minutes prior before making my way towards the drooping tree.

"Master Bennett," I responded with a curt bow of my head. A small smile escaped his lips and he rolled his eyes. None of the boys - men, given that some had children of their own now - required me to refer to them so formally but it was only Bennett who insisted that I drop the title and refer to him casually. I was glad to see his hint of a smile at our little inside joke.

"You were in father's study?" he asked me. I hadn't noticed that he was home. He must have seen the light on all night shining under the door. I nodded. "He never let me in there." He spoke matter-of-factly. He was neither jealous nor irritated that the privilege had been bestowed upon me. He seemed to think for a moment before correcting himself. "There was just the one time. I think it was near my eighth birthday."

My face betrayed my surprise. I did not remember the boy ever telling me this in all the years I had known him growing up. We had spoken at length on various occasions and I think he saw me almost more as a brother than he did some of his older brothers. He had been a cheerful boy as long as I could recall, walking with a certain spring to his step and greeting everybody from myself to random strangers with overflowing positivity and enthusiasm that the older can only muster on the occasional Saturday morning. I wondered how far along the research had been back then. I wondered if any books had adorned the walls or if any creatures had lurked in the cages below. I wondered what business my master could have had with an unblemished child in that accursed experimental chamber. 

"I had gotten in trouble at school, I think. A fight, maybe. Oh, I had talked back to a teacher." I nodded. I remembered now. My master had been disproportionately upset about the whole situation and had sent the boy off to bed without dinner. I had gone to run some errands early the next morning and the situation appeared to have been resolved by the time I returned. There had been peace in the house again and the affair had been all but forgotten. "He lectured me for so long about how being bad snowballs into worse and worse actions. It was ridiculous." A couple days ago I would have laughed and maybe dared a snide comment about my master - the type of comment that he would laugh about should it reach his ears but that I knew was a safe secret between Bennett and myself. Now I simply chuckled humorlessly. 

"And? That was that?"

He wasn't done. He shook his head. "I kid you not, Noah," he said with a more lively laugh. As absurd as the situation had been, talking about his late father seemed to be therapeutic for him and I let him continue. In fact, had he not continued, I would have begged him to. "When he was done lecturing - I think he had gotten to talking about Stalin or Hitler or something - I think his conclusion was that society needs to eliminate bad people. That's why I couldn't be a bad person. Because I would end up in front of a firing squad. Ridiculous, the whole situation. One of those that really makes me wish he had found another wife who could actually parent after mother died." I think he was too little to remember his mother when she had passed. I had not yet been hired at the time so I had not known her. The others had been old enough to really miss her and also old enough to disapprove of the occasional woman their father might bring home to dinner, flaunting her to the family like some interview candidate seeking a consensus. Their resistance was enough to convince him to cease his efforts by the time Bennett was old enough to remember.

"A firing squad?" I knew my master. In the day-to-day, he was not a dramatic man. He was level-headed and full of wisdom and, without exception, calculating and deliberate in his actions. With his children, it was a different matter. I understand there is not quite a manual for parenting - if there were, he would have read it - but I think most people must stumble into it a fair bit more adeptly than my master did. When it came to discipline with his children, he had a penchant for dramatic speeches and exaggerations and absurd comparisons. A dropped bowl of cereal became a priceless crystal vase. An unorganized toy became a briefcase full of money left out for a thief to steal. A poor mark in school became a desperate enlistment into the infantry for lack of better opportunities. And talking back to a teacher turned into becoming evil incarnate and ending up before a firing squad. Bennett nodded, his teenage demeanor edging on impertinence but always humorous.

"He actually put me up against a wall. Had me turn around. Do you know how traumatizing that is for an eight year old?" He couldn't hold back his riotous laughter now. It was the epitome of absurdity, yet so intrinsically my master that I could almost imagine being in the room. "When I heard that gun click, little eight year old me actually thought he was going to end me then and there." 

"I'm glad he didn't," I said, forcing a laugh.

"And then it whirred, making some ridiculous sound no gun makes." He sighed and wiped a tear from his eye. "Well, I never misbehaved again, did I?" I didn't answer. I think Bennett took my silence for a moment of deep remembrance about my master. I let him think that. Then I bade him farewell and offered for him to join me for dinner and then I returned to the study. 

It was just as I had left it. The creature - I resist calling it *him* or anything that might personify it more than needed so as to hopefully simplify destroying it - stared at me hungrily as I entered. I averted my gaze, fearful of the innate obedience I had displayed when I first met its eyes. I was back to reading the books of the earlier trials, trying to narrow my search to nine years ago when Bennett was almost eight. I couldn't find what I feared but I felt that the absence of proof was not enough to dismiss the idea. And once I had exhausted the books in that range of time, I returned to the summary books that served as prequels and sequels to the hundreds of experiments.

"Maybe I can help you find what you're looking for," the creature suggested. I shivered at the power that voice still held over me after years of unwavering obedience.

"I'm looking for a way to kill you," I answered with bravado that surprised even me. As I said, I am not a violent man.

"Trial 730, I think," it answered and I almost looked back in surprise. I did not expect this evil entity to be on board with being eliminated. When he saw me move for it, he spoke again. "I'm joking, kind of. That's around when he tried, though." I didn't sit but I didn't finish standing. I half squatted, as if any movement would deter the creature from continuing to help me decipher how I could kill it.

"To kill you," I said quietly, just to confirm. I think the creature nodded, from what I could see out of the corner of my eye. The longer I spent with it, the more human it seemed and I liked that feeling less and less.

"I can't be killed. At least not in a practical manner like a gun or a noose or lighting the house on fire." My shoulders dropped. I held my head in my hands. The estate would be distributed amongst the heirs and somebody else was sure to find this creature if I failed to appropriately deal with it. It could have been lying, but it seemed all too plausible that this non-human entity would not die by human ways. I would try those methods eventually, but my disappointment would not be increased when they failed to work. "You need to find somebody, Noah. You need to find somebody to subsume me."

"Is that what you want?" I asked it simply. "Instead of being locked in that cage in the basement for eternity?"

"It is."

"So if I find you somebody..." My voice tapered off and I hesitated. This was not in my nature. But desperate times and desperate measures... 

"I'll be eternally indebted to you," the creature said, interrupting my hesitation. I swallowed down the bile that threatened to rush up my throat in utter disgust for what I had suggested and had somehow begun to legitimately contemplate.

I wrestled the issue and my own moral stipulations for several hours, pacing up and down the hallway of the basement and up and down the concrete stairs and by the folded Persian rug and its elaborate designs. I could not, given my status as a servant to a deceased master, reasonably afford any type of device that would vaporize the creature, especially when it wasn't certain that would destroy it. I discarded that idea, as much by choice as by its infeasability. I could not, while still living with my conscience, have the creature be assimilated by somebody who would then use the dark side of my master for even more sinister purposes than what they were already capable of. I discarded that choice. The weapon sat on my desk now and I marveled at how complex the inner workings must be to accomplish such a powerful and unnatural feat. Only a man such as my master could conjure up such a creation. 

A sharp knock at the door snapped me from my thoughts. "Noah," I heard the voice question. "Dinner?" And the answer dawned on me. I tucked away the book I was reading and tucked the weapon into my coat. Whether I would destroy it or put it to use could be decided at another time.

"Come on in, Bennett," I answered with forced cheeriness. "I think there's something you should see."*Be polite.*

"After you," I said with a smile as I held open the door. She blushed, her cheeks flushing rosy red, and she held down her sundress as a gust of wind threatened to reveal her undergarments. Her eyes were bright, full of life and with a hint of mystery. 

"Thanks," she said coyly, turning back to look at me once she had entered the cafe. "Are you new to these parts? I haven't seen you here before."

I tipped my head at her and graced her with half a smile. "You could say that. Just passing through."

"Join me for a coffee?" She was pretty. That was the first thing I noticed.

I gave her the rest of the smile now and I could see her swoon. "It's on me."

*Be efficient.*

I don't mean to brag, but I'm good at talking to people. By the time she was done stirring sugar into her coffee, she was hooked. I'm not the bait. I'm everything. Hook, line and sinker. Literally, but I'll get to that later. "Will I ever see you again?" she asked, those blue eyes fixed on mine. I'm not a hypnotist, but I should have been.

"Why don't you come with me?"

"You mean..." I knew what she was thinking. This was her whole life, and she would be leaving it behind. Not literally though, not yet at least.

"Leave this little town behind. Join me on the road. You never know where it might take you." She didn't know. But I knew. The road was short. A little dirt path off the interstate. A dead-end, followed by a little path through the trees that you could just make out if you came during the day. It led to a lake. Deceptively deep. "I'm sure it can be lonely out here."

She shrugged and looked around. Strangers, but she knew them all. Alone, but surrounded by a whirlwind of gossip and drama. "Yeah..." She was considering it, eyeing the hook and wondering if she should bite. Hungry for adventure and ready for a new life. A short one, but infatuation was always short-lived anyways.

"You'd never be lonely again." I don't lie. That's impolite. She'd have friends down there, in the depths of the lake. Fish, sure, and fish are friends. Other people, too.

She smiled. She really was pretty. I had another plan, but only if that glimmer in her eyes was a little more twisted than she let on. "I'm in."

*Have a plan to kill everyone you meet.*

That should go without saying, right? I always had a plan. I don't play games, promising things I can't keep. But it doesn't hurt to plan a little. "Mine is the convertible," I said as I gestured towards the window. It had caught her eye the moment I pulled in. By the time I reached the door, a step ahead of her and ready to seduce her, I had a plan. It's that simple, really. 

Maybe nothing would come of it. Maybe she would panic the moment we got in the car. Maybe she would keep me on my toes, jerking the steering wheel away from me when she realized where we were headed. Maybe she would put up an admirable fight and I would acquiesce and tell her that she could live with me forever. Maybe she'd be interested in what I did. I'd still have a plan, of course. But maybe we could save it for somebody else.We received our orders the following week. Marching orders, they would have once called them. Were they spacing orders now? Flying orders? They heralded us as heroes before we even did anything. I think that makes us sacrifices.

Life on the asteroid belt is lonely, as expected. Even with the company of the other men. That's the worst kind of loneliness; the mental and emotional agony of occasionally feeling human touch but realizing there is nothing it can do to help you. I have to remind myself it's not a sentence. It's an assignment and I am - or was, at least - a willing participant. The days crawl by, endless hours of observation punctuated only by the daily measurements. There are two. One tells us how far we are from home. The other is derived from that and it tells us how much closer we are to the Slingthing as we slowly orbit.

It lingers in the horizon, a dark spot that doesn't seem to move. Sometimes it's a living, breathing, murderous creature that just hasn't yet noticed our brave incursion into its domain. Sometimes it's a lifeless entity, unable to tell right from wrong and life from death and live-and-let-live from bloodthirsty murder. Occasionally a streak of light shoots out of it, a cosmic tendril catapulting an asteroid in some direction. We lay siege; me and Sergeant Edwards and the two other privates, watching and waiting for our next orders. We have a spacecraft with us on the asteroid. The same one that put us on here and that someday will take us off. Whether that means moving towards the Slingthing or back towards home remains to be seen.

When the order comes, we'll abandon the makeshift building we've assembled with the parts we flew in. Anything we don't need for the next leg of the trip, we leave. "In, out or stay?" is the daily question. We place bets. The pool must have at least a paycheck in it by now. If we live, maybe we'll pay it out. Maybe we'll turn it into drinks and celebrate that we survived.

Today I move my name-tag to In. I don't know why. Each day for the last three months, we had been clustered on Out or Stay. I thought Sergeant Edwards would pull rank on me and force me to move my name-tag to something safer but he just stood there glaring instead. Maybe he knew. If I win, I win big. If I win, I might die. If I lose, we all win. If I lose, we'll live another day.

"Feeling risky?" Private Lin asks with a chuckle. He goes by Steve. 

I shrug. "A buck here, a buck there. They'll have to pay me a fucking fortune to re-enlist at this rate." That was a lie. I won't re-enlist, no matter what. 

As if on cue, the radio bursts to life. We stare at it for a second, the four of us grouped around that crudely-drawn chart that we've carved into the wall of the building. Jeremy Leblanc moves first. 

"Reading you loud and clear. Private Leblanc here. Over." It's a forecast of our doom. They tell us to expect orders later that morning. I wonder if they mean our morning or their morning. I don't recognize the voice. I don't expect to, but they also don't sign-off like they should have. I wonder if they're as anxious as we are. 

Sergeant Edwards seems perturbed. "They forgot the sign-off," I mention. It's a way to crack open that stony wall; to get my fingers in the crack of the door and pull in a desperate attempt to hear what he's thinking. He's staring off into the distance, towards the Slingthing. He doesn't answer. "What if it wasn't them?"

I hope it wasn't them. I hope the message is a hoax, in spite of coming over a secured connection. If it tells us we're going in, it's a hoax. If it's telling us we can go home, I'll gladly follow the orders to the letter. I have a feeling I know what the orders will bring. Maybe that's why I moved my bet to In this morning. Go big and don't go home. Win and die. Win-win. 

We receive the orders a nervous hour later. Sergeant Edwards reads them first and drops his head into his hands. I get up to take a walk around the building. We don't wander much further than that. I'll miss this rock, I guess. I'll miss this life more. Or maybe whatever the Slingthing is won't hurt us. Maybe it'll send us right back out towards Earth, a welcome respite from the asteroids out to annihilate humanity. Would that be after it compresses us into the size of a peach pit? The only thing the scientists back home seem to agree on is that, whatever that thing is, the pressure inside it must be immense in order to catapult asteroids with such intensity. I don't think they mean its blood pressure. 

"We have two hours," Steve says after reading the orders. I've never seen Sergeant Edwards so disheveled and unprofessional. I would have relished it once, back in the days of basic training. Now it scares me. When he finally looks up, his eyes are scared but his face is angry. Get it out of your system, right? 

"Pack up," he snaps. Only what we need, nothing more. There's nobody here to fine us for littering. No government watchdog to give us a slap on the wrist. The only dog out here is Canis Major. I don't think he's watching, much less watching out for us. We wouldn't be doing this otherwise. The odds of finding this asteroid again are minuscule. I leave a note just in case. I think about drawing a picture of the Slingthing but I would probably run out of lead. It's that black. 

We're ready before the two hours are up. Maybe the spaceship won't start. Maybe we're past the warranty so all the parts will break and we'll be safely stuck here until they send somebody to pick us up. I think this is fear. Not the fear of an asteroid hurtling towards Earth. Not the fear of what I know I don't know, like what the fuck the Slingthing is. This is a fear of what I don't know that I don't know; a fear of what will happen as we get closer and what will happen if it spits us out. I wonder if I should use the bathroom before we depart. I wonder if mom fixed the troublesome toilet back home or if she still had to balance the handle to keep it from running. I don't know why I'm thinking of that now.

Our ship starts without issue. I let out a sigh of relief. I breathe it in again right away, this time in fear. "Compose yourself, Private," Sergeant Edwards says from the seat next to mine, casting me what he thinks is an amused glance. "You look like you're gonna shit yourself."

He doesn't realize he looks just as scared. The eyes give it away. "Already shat, sir," I retort. "Did you?" He ignores me. 

"I did," Steve quips from the back. I smile. At least I would die next to brave men. At least my parents wouldn't have to worry about the funeral costs. I shake my head. Dark thoughts as we head to a dark place. Too much darkness. 

"Giddyup," I hear Jeremy whisper from behind me as we lift off. A farmboy at heart, like he always told us. I should have gotten to know him better. If we live, I will, I promise myself. 

The trip towards the Slingthing was as uneventful as a trip through the asteroid belt could be. We dodged and weaved the lifeless rocks with ease. I scanned each one, trying to see if any fellow space cadets were stationed on them. Maybe we were all headed towards the Slingthing for a nice little class reunion in the afterlife. Maybe it was just us, the sacrificial lambs to appease some twisted, intergalactic deity. 

"Breathe, Private," Sergeant Edwards reminds me. I'm trembling in spite of my best attempts to maintain my composure. Our orders are to approach the Slingthing. If I die first from self-induced suffocation, will they court-martial me? The line between this and a death sentence is awfully thin and I can't help but feel like a clown in awkward shoes walking clumsily along a tight-rope one-hundred-and-fifty million clicks above Earth. 

"Yes, sir," I answer. We all see the darkness of the Slingthing. It's getting bigger as we get closer. Or maybe it's coming to us. Or maybe it's growing and it'll swallow the whole universe and we'll be like its breakfast. The asteroids are all moving with us now. I have more faith in their survival than in our's and they aren't even alive. 

The stars start to disappear. We turn off the engines but we're still picking up speed. It's dark. It's so dark. The only light is from the control panel and even that is rushing towards the Slingthing, little strands of luminescence rushing into the darkness to be consumed. I expected colors, like in the movies; a swirling vortex of devoured existence leading to the inevitable end of everything. 

Steve confirms for the hundredth time that our expedition is being recorded. Jeremy is desperately trying to communicate with Earth, with nearby asteroid bases, with alien species, with anybody. He keeps repeating the same words, over and over again. Nobody answers. Nobody is there for us. 

"Enough," Sergeant Edwards orders finally. Jeremy's breath is labored. He might be crying. I wonder if he has a favorite cow back home. I should have asked. 

We're going way too fast now, like a car with snipped brake lines doing ninety towards a brick wall. I check the engines again for good measure. They're off, but we're still gaining speed. I can feel the pressure in my ears and in my suit and in the way even the air feels thick and compressed. I can see the Slingthing, tendrils of darker darkness swirling and spinning and flinging items in every direction.

We're nothing but another projectile to it. An asteroid, with a bit more life clinging to it. If it sees us, it doesn't care. It doesn't care if we live or die. It doesn't care to stop our journey or to claim us as victims. All it cares to do is send us back on our way.

Then there's a boom, lowercase intentional, as small as my ears popping as we were approaching the runway at JFK. It's dizzying, and suddenly the stars are back and the darkness is behind us and we're weaving at breakneck speeds through the asteroid belt, heading back to where we came from. It's almost anticlimactic, the way we haven't been turned into a marble and instead emerge entirely intact. It's almost anticlimactic not having died. 

"Holy shit," Sergeant Edwards mumbles. An uncharacteristic display of raw emotion. I almost comment but it doesn't seem like the right time. 

Jeremy is definitely crying behind us. He's praying between sobs. Maybe this broke him. For the first time ever, Steve has nothing to say. "We're heading back to Earth," I venture to say. The trip home is faster than the trip out here. We're moving faster than our ship should be able to move. 

"What if they need to stop us..." Steve lets the rest of the thought taper off. We've all seen the way they deal with asteroids. 

"Engines on," Sergeant Edwards commands. "We might just need a little something to avoid a collision."

And then the blue planet appears in the distance and we can make out some unrecognizable stretch of coastline. It's not the Horn of Africa or the Gulf of Mexico or either side of the Pacific or Atlantic. "We're home," Jeremy says, his voice marveling like a boy in a toy store. I don't have the heart to tell him how wrong he is.

*****

To subscribe to notifications for this series, comment HelpMeButler <Slingthing> and you will receive an update when I post a new part. You should get a confirmation from the Butler bot. If you don't, try again but type exactly what I did.You know the only thing more disappointing than being powerless in a world full of people with superpowers? Nothing. Sorry, I'm channeling my father who never missed an opportunity to tell me that hilarious joke. Funny guy, right? Like father, like son, meaning I'll probably grow up to be a worthless, sailor-mouthed drunk, minus the superpower of curing hangovers. Even something as trivial as that would have helped me fit in. "Fucking weirdo," he says after his joke. It's his little nickname for me.

Realistically speaking, nobody cares. Most people don't even notice, kind of like a micropenis. It just weighs you down - figuratively, because having nothing there can't actually weigh much - crippling your confidence and rendering you incapable of cultivating a proper relationship because you're afraid that your little secret might slip out. Puns intended. In truth, everybody just goes about their own lives, protagonists in a story nobody will ever care to read. It's like the biography of a child in the 1100s. Brief and meaningless. Well, it was just that meaningless-ness that took me to that point of no return and I found myself dejected and depressed on the roof of a building in the middle of downtown.

If anybody were to ever notice me, that would have been the time. It would have been enough to convince me to step back from that ledge. I would have been saved in the nick of time. All that generic bullshit you only see in rom-coms jam-packed with plot holes and plot armor that don't exist in real life. No such luck.

I stepped off the edge, or maybe I jumped. It was a long ways down. Enough to think back on my brief and miserable life and realize that this was not a mistake. And then I felt an impact. It wasn't the bone-crushing impact that I imagined the pavement to be like. You know how they say that hitting water from a height feels like hitting concrete? I figured that meant that hitting concrete from a height would also feel like hitting concrete. Instead, it felt like fabric, and then I ripped through the awning of a balcony that had definitely not been there moments before and I landed safe and sound just one floor down. Years of being tripped at recess had taught me how to fall properly so it was unfortunately painless.

I jumped again. Another balcony. I felt like an idiot this time so I checked below me, two stories down to the street. I confirmed that I would be landing on the pavement. No doubt about it now. So I jumped one more time, and a garbage truck just drove by and I felt myself nestle into the reeking piles of bags and waste. So there I was, safe and sound, minus whatever flesh-eating bacteria might be found in the back of a garbage truck. I pulled myself out, cursing my life and wishing for this misery to end. And then I tumbled over the side, landing in the middle of the busy boulevard.

Cars whizzed past, swerving to avoid me. Pedestrians shouted at me to get out of the road. And then I saw the oncoming bus. A wall of metal hurtling towards me at sixty miles an hour had never seemed so sweet. But the driver slammed on the brakes and tires screeched and cars piled up behind him, the sound of metal crunching against metal a horrible cacophony taunting me that it wasn't me being slammed by several the weight of a fifteen ton bus. I staggered to my feet, sadly confirming that I was still alive.

My ever-pleasant father was as drunk as always when I got home. I smelled of trash and urine - only one of those my own - and I was belligerent. I yelled at him. I egged him on. He came at me with that frying pan and somehow missed and it ricocheted off the table and he knocked himself out. I shrugged and showered and went off to bed, powerless as ever but a bit amused at life's insistence to keep me alive."Maia, this is Hermes, over," I said over the radio, ensuring in spite of my excitement to keep using the approved name protocols. The radio crackled to life and I heard Elliot's voice coming through. He was thrilled. We all were.

"Hermes, we have you loud and clear. What do you have?" The trip to Mars had been bumpy - not ours specifically but the entire Atlas project as a whole. The Electra trip had failed, the crew lost to the empty void of space. Merope had exploded during our ascent. Taygete was aborted before launch, the whole thing becoming a media scandal as tax-payer money continued to be wasted with those futile efforts. We were the only ones to have gotten this far; Maia had landed gently on the red planet, coming to a rest just a few dozen yards from the Voltaire crater, exactly as planned. I knew Sam would be right behind me. Everything had gone smoothly. I had suited up and the doors had fizzed open and then I was setting foot on the red planet, the first human to set foot on another planet since we last touched the moon, 75 years ago to the day.

I hesitated. I knew we were being broadcast around the world, seizing the attention of billions like the Apollo missions had done just a few generations ago. I had said those magic words, quoting Neil Armstrong and adding my own little twist about the new frontier of interplanetary travel we had finally breached. I had switched to a private channel now.

"There's a flag, over," I said simply and then I waited. The response came back a bit slower than I would have liked and I wondered what they were discussing. The safety of the mothership seemed agonizingly far away now. I was almost at the edge of the crater now and had been skipping along without worry and feeling as light as ever when I spotted the distant anomaly, a man-made object in this untouched world. Nature didn't make lines like that, not just jutting out of a lifeless planet.

A chuckle came over the radio, startling me. "Funny, Hermes. Let's keep the chitchat to a minimum." I glanced back to the craft. Sam was bouncing my way and I could see her face beaming behind her helmet. Man and woman, setting foot on Mars together. My hands were clammy and I felt nauseous and out of habit checked my oxygen tank. Everything was in order. This wasn't an air intake issue. Sam was next to me now. I pointed at the flag that hung limply and for a moment she looked at me as if it was some twisted joke and then the smile vanished from her face and her eyes turned into a cold and meticulous void.

"Artemis here," she said carefully over the secure channel. "Confirming the flag. Requesting immediate extraction." I gasped in spite of myself. We had set foot on Mars. By all indicators, this would be a massive success. But the mission wasn't nearly over. We couldn't leave now. We would be ridiculed back in the office.

"Vetoed," I snapped and she glared at me.

"There's a flag," she confirmed and this time the response from Maia was even slower. I knew they had received the message. They were talking, discussing how to approach this without including us in the conversation.

"Hang tight, guys," I heard Elliot command. "We're connecting with Atlas over here, transmissions may be delayed. Please keep the line clear." We were next to the flag now, the discolored piece of fabric hanging motionless in the windless atmosphere. I reached out my hand to touch it but Sam slapped it down. That was a solid no-go.

"Did the Russians beat us up here?" I joked. Nobody laughed. Nobody answered. If anybody beat us up here and they didn't share it, there must have been a reason. I glanced back at Sam. She was distracted, looking out over the horizon for either comfort or some indication of our fate. I touched the flag, unfurling it and barely making out a faded hammer and sickle. "The Soviets got here first," I murmured. She whipped back towards me, her eyes blazing like the fiery sun.

"Can you repeat that, over?" I heard Elliot ask. He hadn't misheard me. He was just confirming.

"There's a Soviet flag. On Mars."

The radio snapped to life again and I heard Elliot's voice, this time less relaxed than I had ever heard him. "This is Maia," he said, stumbling over his words. "We are ordered to exit immediately." I glanced back at the spacecraft. It was too soon to leave. We had traveled over a hundred million miles just to run from the unknown just after landing? Elliot had to be as reluctant as me. "Over," he finished, as if just then remembering the proper protocol.

"Maia, requesting reconsideration," I said pleadingly. We had just arrived after an ordeal that spanned years. To be torn away from it now was agonizing. I had trained my whole life for this.

"Rejected. Atlas orders your immediate return." I shrugged. Orders were orders. If it was just Elliot telling me to go back, I might have ignored him. If I ignored the Atlas headquarters, my career was good as over. But if we went back now, we might never come back and that didn't seem like an option I could stomach either.

"Copy that," I answered dejectedly. "Artemis, do you copy?" I turned back to where Sam had just stood. There was nothing there but the red sand and the seemingly endless mountains of Mars. The loneliness was overwhelming. I felt faint. The cold sweats were very much real now, beading down my back. "Maia, I have lost visual with Artemis. Requesting immediate assistance." I could almost imagine the organized chaos inside the spacecraft. We had trained for this type of event, ordered to throw it into the mix along with normal operating procedures as we prepared in the sterile Earth environment. Sometimes I was making the call, sometimes Elliot would call to me as I sat at the controls. It doesn't matter how many times you run it. When it really happens, it's hard to keep calm. My voice shook as I made my report.

"Confirming request," I heard him say. "Lost visuals seconded." Fuck. Neither of us could see her. The weather was spotless, no dust storm or anything interrupting my line of sight. I snapped into motion, following her footsteps towards where she had wandered. They changed abruptly into elongated gashes as if she had been dragged off by the darkness and had planted her feet in futile resistance, disappearing into the lonely expanse.I came to be employed by the venerable Demetrius Maginacious and his partner, the rather disreputed Cassius Attacon, one sweltering July morning as I ambled about Main Street, bottle in hand. The bottle was empty, as it always was just a couple hours after I scrounged up enough loose coins or pity to get myself a drink. The store was new. The sign reading Spellslingers had appeared under the awning just a few hours prior as I lay by the street in the shade of a wagon. Now Hiring, a sign hanging from the door read. I needed a job. A job meant money which meant drinks which inevitably meant I would need a new job. But that was neither here nor there; a problem for the future that involved getting a job first. I entered warily, glancing around as I let my eyes adjust to the dim lighting and stamping my boots on the welcome mat to let a thin coat of dust fall around me. It fell neatly through the floorboards, leaving the mat and the wood floor spotless with naught a trace of dust or dirt. "Welcome to Spellslingers," the man everybody knew as Cassius drawled gruffly. He didn't look up from where he sat with his feet propped on the counter, hat pulled low over his eyes, seemingly trying his best to nap.

I wouldn't quite describe his demeanor as welcoming. In fact, I almost left right then and there. Maybe I should have. That was Cassius Attacon himself. The infamous gunslinger had made his name through daring train heists and meticulously planned and wildly successful bank robberies. His Wanted posters decorated shopfronts and bulletin boards from sea to sea. The bounty was mouth-watering, enough to make a man for life. Regardless, he was a celebrity in these parts, at least until he took some hostages and a little girl wound up dead in the ensuing shootout. We didn't mind much for dead federales or the mean men of the posses that sought to hunt him down, but having a little girl die? He could barely show his face anymore. Being in business with Cassius Attacon was nothing but bad news.

"Make your problems disappear in a puff of smoke," the friendlier of the two men at the counter said, as if finishing a ditty he had written and his partner was only half-heartedly taking part in. He set down a small trinket he was fidgeting with and glanced up at me. He had a long, white, unkempt beard that reached halfway down his chest and contrasted sharply with his jet-black, closely trimmed hair. His eyes sparkled like the orb of the state fair fortune teller and he smiled at me with perfectly straight, white teeth. He seemed uncomfortable in the shirt and pants he wore, as if he would rather kick off his shoes and wander around in his undergarments or a robe. He had an air about him that reminded me of my grandfather, bless his kind soul and certainly rotted body. He would have been about a thousand years old now if he were still alive.

The old man's friendly nature and charm made me stay put, not quite exiting the little shop but not quite entering it further. "Come on in, we don't bite," he said with a disarming wave of his hand. I begrudingly walked forwards, pausing here and there to admire the beautifully crafted sticks and stocks that lined the walls. The odd old man must have caught me looking because his smile grew a little wider. "Lovely work, eh?" he asked rhetorically.

When I reached the counter, I set the bottle down and looked at the two shop owners. They made an unusual pair, with one so much older than the other. The old man's face was wrinkled with age but his eyes were sharp and scrutinizing. "You look like you've seen better days, friend," he said. It was rude and judgmental, no doubt about that, but something about the way he spoke made him sound kind and caring. I felt like he genuinely wanted me to see those better days again instead of wandering the streets of the town aimlessly.

Cassius lazily pushed his wide-brimmed hat upwards and peered at me through squinted eyes. His tan face was weathered and a long scar ran across his eye from his forehead to his neck. He was missing half of his left ear, courtesy of a bullet that had come just a little too close for comfort. He was a handsome fellow in spite of it. A mean one though. "He's a drunk, D," he spat scornfully.

The old man ignored him and looked me up and down. "Demetrius Maginacious," he introduced himself, extending his hand across the counter. His vice-like grip was at the same time warm and comforting and cold and refreshing compared to the stifling summer heat. "You look like you could use a job," he added with a hint of hope, not giving me time to introduce myself. I nodded.

Cassius pushed his black hat all the way up and testily rose to his feet. Everybody knew him to have a temper that could explode faster than a pile of dry kindling in this heat. He was not to be meddled with. In fact, it was best to cross the street or play dead or shutter everything from the tavern to the houses when he rode into town. "He's a drunk," he repeated. I felt my face redden.

"And you're a criminal, Cass," Demetrius retorted, turning towards him. Demetrius' slender body towered over the gunslinger's stout frame. They looked more like a father chastising a miscreant son than business partners. "But here we forgive and we help people become better, right?" Cassius glared at me but reluctantly nodded. It was an oddly intimate moment and I felt like I was intruding. I mumbled as much and reached for my bottle to shuffle out of the shop but it was held firmly in place by Demetrius' iron grip. "You won't be needing this," he said sternly, now casting his gaze back to me. The bottle dissolved in his hands, shards of glass disappearing through the floorboards like the dust and dirt had before. I opened my mouth to protest but he silenced me with a wave of his hand. "You're hired..." he let his words taper off as he waited for my name.

"Al," I said. "Well, Albert. But you can call me Al."

"You're hired, Al," Demetrius repeated, that caring smile back in full. He gracefully side-stepped the counter and brought me in for a hug, his tall, bony body surprisingly tender. Cassius scowled at me and didn't move to shake my hand but eventually ceded me a curt nod. Working closesly with a notorious criminal who seemed to already despise me would no doubt be lovely.

"No more drinking while you work here," Cassius made sure to note. It was something between a threat and an order, either way qualifying as an unsavory proposition. Demetrius cast him a long, solemn gaze but did not object. I shrugged, implicitly accepting the conditions of my employment.

"You can sleep in the office," Demetrius said after a moment's contemplation, smiling again to lighten the mood. "At least until you get back into sorts and decent." As he said this, he glanced up and down at me again and I struggled to remember when I had last bathed. He gestured for me to follow him into the back room. There was a safe and a small table and two chairs. A game unfamiliar to me sat unfinished on the table. There was a door propped open to one side and I could catch a glimpse of a staircase that led upstairs, disappearing into the darkness.

"You are not welcome upstairs," Cassius stated rudely. Demetrius sighed at his partner's blunt manner but nodded and gently closed the door. A wisp of darkness seemed to escape through the crack below the door as he pushed it shut and it spiraled slowly upwards until he shooed it away.

"Please don't go upstairs. It's private," Demetrius repeated more kindly but just as assertively. I nodded in agreement. Their private doings were their private doings and I wanted no part in them, especially if they were of the nature that Cassius often partook in. I wondered briefly how he would react if I called him Cass but I decided that being buried up to my neck in the desert and left to the ants was a less than desirable demise. "Sometimes a customer might come from upstairs," Demetrius continued. He looked at me as if expecting a reaction but I stared at him impassively. "If that happens, just treat them as you would any other customer..." His sentence tapered off, as if he was thinking of a polite way to word what he wanted to say. "However they may look," he added finally. I nodded again. I wasn't much a of a looker myself what with this scraggly facial hair and the dust and dirt caked onto my skin. Definitely not one to judge others by how they looked. Anyways, they hadn't had a customer enter since I had arrived and as pretty as the carved sticks hanging on the wall might be, a stick is a stick. I didn't expect much work, just enough pay to keep my tab open at the tavern and to comfort myself to sleep with the occasional bottle.

Demetrius Maginacious excused himself upstairs, encouraging us to chat and get to know each other as we tended to the storefront, awaiting customers who seemed reluctant to appear. Cassius sat down about a moment later and seemed to recommit himself to napping. I took the opportunity to wander around the store again, admiring the intricate wooden carvings. The sticks depicted men entangled in mortal combat with otherworldly creatures. Some looked like bears, others like cows or horses or some fantastical combination, others like monsters I couldn't quite begin to describe. The gun stocks had carvings of burning towns and wild desperados facing down a battalion of uniformed men. They were larger than life, immortalized by some artist into these killing machines. I concluded that the artisan of the two had to be Demetrius. His hands were nimble and his fingers thin and his palms uncalloused.

Cassius was rugged and brutish and his brilliance lay more in destruction and lawlessness than in creation and crafts. I wondered how the two had even found each other, much less discovered a similar entrepreneurial spirit. I reached for one of the sticks, picking it up off its perch. It had on it a man in a hat with his hands thrown up and a circle of soldiers being thrown away from him as if a cannonball had exploded between them as they huddled in conversation. It felt light and the thinner end bent like a freshly cut branch without cracking or breaking.

"I'll be able to use 'em someday," I heard from behind me and I nearly leapt out of my boots. The stick clattered to the floor as I unsuccessfully fumbled with it and tried to catch it. It bounced right back up and Cassius swiftly caught it. I hadn't heard him get up. The footsteps of our boots were silent in spite of the wooden floors. He creeped me out, to be frank. It didn't help that he could probably snap my neck and kill me three times over before I could even think about defending myself. But he was socializing with me at the very least. Maybe I would survive the day.

"Use them for what?" I asked, perplexed. There seemed to be little use for them other than waving them about like some sort of deranged lunatic. I figured both of these men fit the bill in one way or another.

"Magic," Cassius responded absentmindedly as he admired the stick in his hand. "These are wands."

I stared at him for a moment as I tried to figure out if he was deadpanning the delivery of a joke. "You're not serious," I ventured bravely. He turned his terrifying gaze towards me, evidently as serious as I was scared of him. Then, as if to prove it, he tossed the wand a short distance away. Just like it had when I accidentally dropped it a moment ago, it touched the ground and immediately bounced right back to his hands at an unnatural speed and angle. I stared at him in undisguised shock. "So you're magical? Or you can do magic?"

My question seemed to jar Cassius back to his sullen self. He placed the wand back on its perch with the same care with which he might present a decapitated head as an offering to his gods. "No," he answered bluntly. He made his way back to his perch behind the counter and I followed.

"How did you do that then? How did the wand bounce back to you both times?" It didn't feel right calling it a wand. They were fancy sticks, the bounce some perfected party trick. It seemed childish and ridiculous to think otherwise, like I was playing make-believe with a murderous gunslinger and the next rule he made up would be the end of me. I shook my head insistently. I had drank my fair share; enough that I had seen things that weren't there and made up a good number of fantasies. But now I was nearly sober, my last drop hours ago before I entered this shop. Crazy as this world might be, magic was beyond us. Illusions and tricks, sure. But magic? Only in the imagination of a madman.

Cassius Attacon waved around vaguely, gesturing towards each of the walls of the shop. "D put spells on this whole place. Demetrius, I mean." He paused pensively. "He said he'll teach me some day, once I'm ready."

"He's a witch?"

Cassius winced, as if I had used an offensive term. "Wizard," he corrected. "Sorcerer. Something like that. Did you see your bottle?" I nodded. It had just disappeared as if it had never even been there. "Helps keep the place clean," Cassius said casually, as if it were the most normal thing in the world. He pulled that black hat down again, trying to indicate an end to the conversation. I wasn't so easily dismissed.

"How did you meet Mr. Maginacious?" I demanded. What could an upstanding wizard like Demetrius see in a criminal like Cassius? I wondered now about the little wisp of darkness that had inexplicably drifted from beneath the stairwell door.

Cassius made a sound that was something between a tired groan and a dangerous growl. "Robbed a stagecoach. Shot the driver. Good shot, too. Got him right between the eyes." He mimicked a finger gun. "Went to shake down the passengers. Nobody resists if you shoot the driver," he added with a pause, as if to justify his cruelty. "Line them all up as one of my guys goes through the luggage. Then we just lock eyes. It was love at first sight."

I gaped at him, not that he could tell with his hat pulled low like that. "You mean..." I let my words trail off. He didn't move. "You guys are..."

Slowly and deliberately, he moved his hat away from his eyes and stared up at me, those nearly black eyes a void I suddenly found myself teetering on the edge of. "You got a fucking problem?" he drawled dangerously. The index finger on his right hand drummed rapidly on his leg as if to match my racing heart.

I shook my head. "No," I answered sincerely. "Not even the slightest."

He glared at me for another moment before humphing, sufficiently satisfied. "Then we'll get along just fine."The greatest disappointment as a demon is to never be summoned. It's like a child never being adopted or like being that last piece of sausage on the charcuterie board that everybody is too awkward to take. You just don't want to be the last sausage.

That was Tyler. He was the demon who was never summoned. It wasn't entirely his fault, to be fair. Much like the last sausage might look a little sketchy - maybe it's starting to turn an unsightly color or maybe it has a bite out of it - Tyler's shortcomings were quite frankly out of his hands. They were in his ears, to be precise. Tyler was a deaf demon.

As a child, he had learned DSL. Demon Sign Language, not to be confused with the Demonic Summoning Language found in spellbooks of the mortal realm. It was perfectly possible to summon Tyler. The only catch was that it had to be done by sign language because, in case you lack in literacy or memory, Tyler was deaf.

So for centuries, Tyler sat alone in the demonic hellscape he was so happy to call home and bided his time, twiddling his fingers and puffing out little clouds of smoke like the ultimate vaper who didn't even need a vape stick. He had gotten pretty good at it, as well as having had more than enough time to practice his demonic skills in the case of his eventual summoning. He was starting to lose hope, similar to how orphans might feel after seeing a mouse adopted before them. He was the odd one out. He was mocked and bullied relentlessly. Demons can be mean, believe it or not, and Tyler's extensive demonic powers were reserved for torturing and controlling humans, not his peers.

But there was still hope for Tyler. At a certain low-income high-school in a certain low-income area, a teacher either decided she had had enough and could not stand another day around the students or she was shot to death in one of the countless murders that went unreported or she was sick that day. Either way, a substitute was called to deal with this class of unruly special education students.

One would not necessarily describe Mr. O'Shaughnessy as competent enough to supervise a class of first graders at recess, much less competent enough for the class he was assigned. Not quite understanding that his students were verbal and could understand his English, he attempted his best impression of ASL - not Asinine Signing Language but American Sign Language, and accidentally stumbled into the world of DSL - the aforementioned Demonic Summoning Language. It involved a fair number of middle fingers, as he was quite sure that would mean something to his students, as well as thumbs-ups and other questionable gestures. The students were unfazed. Tyler was not.

By chance, Mr. O'Shaughnessy's indecipherable signings were actually rather intelligible for a certain demonic entity that was impatiently waiting in the demon realm. Completely unpredictably, Tyler was summoned. He had been caught taking a fiery shit in a summoned classmate's mug of coffee in an act of petty revenge, so when he appeared before the students, he was completely naked and his turd was soon burning a hole through the linoleum floor.

There are few things more concerning than a naked man in front of a class of special education students. One of those things is a pooping naked demon in front of a class of special education students. There was panic. Mr. O'Shaughnessy, with all his protective instincts, karate-kicked the door and ran. The students tripped over each other in their haste to follow suit and escape. And Tyler just smiled, fangs dripping with saliva as his watering mouth overflowed - not drool, you should note - and he began the odd possession ritual that would allow him to possess the entire class at once.

Tyler had practiced this for years. Not possessing the special education students necessarily, since it seemed like a uniquely dark and unlikely scenario, but possessing dozens of people in one fell swoop. He gesticulated wildly, resembling one of the Gothic dancers found at death metal rave parties or dancing under tunnels. And then it was done. He stood there, in all his naked glory, admiring the congregation of possessed students who sat before him.Father never came back from the shed. I told him not to go out there, but he wouldn't listen. He just buttoned up his flannel and shouldered the axe and stepped out into the moonlit yard.

People always said not to kill the spiders. They got rid of other pests. Flies, ants; all their ranks were thinned by those intricate webs and the patter of eight little legs before the inevitable pounce. Father never liked spiders. Crushed them any time he saw them. Sprayed entire nests with Raid and never thought twice about it. I always told him not to. People always said not to kill the spiders.

At first, we thought it was just the flies and ants. They blossomed, unimpeded by the deadly fangs of their arachnid predators. But ants are light, and flies don't make much sound when they walk. Not like the patter of hundreds of little feet. They started near the ground, the feet shaking the siding and their glossy, elongated bodies slinking up the windows. Hundreds of feet on hundreds of them. Thousands, even. I thought mother would have a heart attack, but father just laughed. Better than spiders, he always said.

I don't think he would say that now. Not because he disagrees, but because I think I hear the creatures still feasting on his body. I waited until daylight, as he should have. But a father's stubbornness is unique. He knew best. Yeah, right.

I stand outside the shed and look the door up and down. It's ajar, courtesy of somebody who went in and never came out. His axe is there, half inside and half sticking out. I think of reaching for it. Bait. Best I don't. Little antenna give away the plan and I hear the rush of thousands of legs as they scurry back into the cover of darkness.

Curiosity though, I just can't resist. It's just centipedes, right? Centipedes that surely couldn't take down a full-grown man. My hand rests on the door handle and I glance back towards the house. There's mother, looking out the window in abject terror. She shakes her head. Pleading, somehow, without a word. It's her eyes, I think. Bugged out, pun intended. She can't see what I see, like a centipede feeling its way onto its prey. The patter of little feet and the chomping of little fangs.

I pull open the door. There's father, gaping wounds desecrating what's left of his corpse. They've made quick work of him, the little buggers. They pause when the light shines down on them. Ugly little fucks. Quick and sneaky. Long, with far too many legs for comfort. And then I hear the chomping of jaws, but they're not eating at his body.

I look up, and the light reflects off rows of teeth. Big as fingers. The legs must be as big as mine. It starts to move, the king of the shed, unwrapping itself from the wall and sending thousands of its little minions scurrying towards me."Good morning, beautiful," Ross says as he shuts off his alarm and rolls over to kiss his wife before he gets up. Really, Ross? You selfish shit. She doesn't need to get up for another hour, and there you go making sure she can't get another REM cycle in before she wakes up. What kind of sleep-depriving, torturous sadist does that? Guantanamo level shit, Ross.

He sneaks into the guest bathroom for a quick shower before work. Instead of his own bathroom. Another bathroom for his wife to clean. It's hopeless anyways. He smells like BO no matter what. And nobody likes him at work either. And then once he's downstairs, he stops to pet the cats for a minute. Instead of emptying the dishwasher. Ross is lazy. The cats think so, too. Everybody does.

He parks outside - he claims so that the opening and closing of the garage doesn't wake up his wife but it's actually because he hates the world - so now he's out there doing his best to destroy the environment. The car runs and runs, it's been like ten minutes and he comes out now that it's warm enough. Really, Ross? Man up and go to work in the cold. Do you think the Amish heat up their buggies? Do you think laborers in the gulag wait for it to get warmer? No. They just go to work.

Ross smiles as he drives, pretending he's so much better than all the other commuters. Everybody glares at him because he sucks at driving. He slowly rolls into roundabouts instead of just committing. He stops on yellow lights. He waves pedestrians on like some sort of psychotic serial killer by proxy who just wants them to get slammed by an oncoming truck.

"Good morning, Sandra," he says with a smile to the receptionist when he enters the office. She's a lonely, unpleasant old person. Just like Ross will be someday. Nobody wants to talk to her and she doesn't want to talk to anybody. But Ross still talks to her, just to make her morning a little worse. Sandra smiles at him. They have this little ritual they do where Ross fake smiles and acts all pleasant, hiding the fact that he thinks that Sandra is the worst receptionist in the world and he would rather sprinkle roach dust into his coffee than talk to her. Too bad there are no roaches around. He deserves them.

"Hey, buddy," Alan says as Ross makes his way to his desk. See? Ross is so immemorable that even his cubicle neighbor can't remember his name. Ross has a picture of his wife on his desk. That's so he doesn't forget what she looks like because Ross is terrible with faces and terrible with names and terrible with everybody in general.

"Alan, how was your weekend?" Ross says with that same fake smile. Then he really puts Alan through the grinder, torturing him with not one, not two - not three through nine either - but ten minutes of small-talk. You cruel, pitiless pile of walking shit, Ross. Ten minutes wasted. Ten minutes of company time. Ten minutes that Alan will never get back. Give it another ten minutes - by the time Ross is done with his paid poop - and he won't even remember what Alan said. "How's Becky?" It's Rebecca, Ross. Alan's wife is Rebecca. Not Becky. She's not your side-chick. You're not that personal. Keep it professional, Ross.

Alan is smiling. It's a tortured smile, I can tell. It's just a little too wide. A little too happy for a Monday morning during Ross-time. Nobody likes Ross-time. Not even his wife. Ross is probably thinking about something else right now, instead of listening to this poor soul going on and on about his weekend. Once their useless and forced chit-chat is over, Ross sits at his desk. He clears his throat and then quickly says "excuse me". Really, Ross? Is that necessary? It's annoying and churlish and really just adds to the irritating ambient noise that is only exacerbated by your insufferable presence. Silence is golden, Ross. So shut the fuck up.The door to the cafe slammed shut and the bells tinkled as they swung. Little wisps of time swirled in before the door finished closing. A wizened man with sunken eyes and thin hair shooed them away and they scurried into nooks and crevasses of the hardwood floor. His skin was the pallor of a man who had seen better days. He sighed and stomped his feet and a little cloud of ash sprinkled down from his boots onto the welcome mat. "Welcome back," he was greeted by a voice coming from below the bar. A mug of coffee waited for him atop the counter.

"Thanks, Beansy," the old man said with a tired smile. He glanced around, taking note of the other customers in the bar, and then doffed a Baltimore Orioles ball-cap and placed it on the coat rack between a cowboy hat and a chain-mail top. He kept his long trench-coat on. A youthful face popped up from below the counter, lugging a bag of coffee beans in one hand and a wet rag in the other.

"Doug," Beansy said with a cheerful grin, setting the beans down next to the grinder. "I thought I recognized your voice." The grin faltered briefly as he looked the older man up and down. "You feeling alright?" As they chatted, he wiped down the counter, carefully skirting the area where Doug now warmed his hands around the coffee mug.

"Been better," Doug responded. He stared down at his coffee mournfully, contemplating the spiraling steam and the faint ripples in the surface. "They've been hounding me, you know?" He glanced up pleadingly at Beansy who stared back right back silently, the same lopsided grin still plastered on his face. "Oh, what would you know," he said dismissively, taking a long sip. Each trip was more harrowing than the last these days but he just couldn't resist the urge. It was an addiction, like coffee but better - infinitely times better, and with near infinite potential. Plus, there was always something new to see and something new to do. But some people didn't care much for new. They didn't care much for change, especially when it came to changing what was to change what is.

Beansy chuckled. It was humorless, but one could never tell by the grin on his face. "You'd be surprised," he answered mysteriously. He was a few seats down the counter now, wiping the leftover crumbs of a blueberry muffin into his hand. "Sometimes I feel like I don't even know what I don't know." He shook the crumbs into a trashcan and turned to the shelf, pulling down a short tumbler and a bottle of whiskey from the top. Some customers loved their coffee, others loved their liquor. Some customers sloppily ate muffins and left a trail of crumbs blatant enough to trace them through the Dark Ages and back, others were in and out without a word, taking just a moment to relax in the relative peace of the cafe before continuing on their journey. Beansy liked the ones who stayed and chatted. They always talked a little more than they should, and there was never a tidbit of information that Beansy didn't swallow up like a ravenous creature. Little beans of information for Beansy, he liked to think. Better to have it and never use it than to not be able to trade it for favors when times got a bit mixed up.

He poured half a glass of whiskey and slid it down towards the far end of the counter. It almost stopped right on time, coming to a rest just a bit past center relative to the stool. Beansy tsked quietly at himself. He knew how to never make it spill but sometimes it just didn't want to stop. Customers had their favorite seats and they always left a little extra if they came in and found their drink ready. "How do you know?" Doug asked. He was staring curiously at Beansy as the younger man went about his routine. A glass here, a wipe there and like magic another cup of coffee was on the counter just as Doug finished the last sip from his mug. He eagerly accepted the refill and shook his head in admiration.

"Just a hunch," Beansy responded with a wink. The mechanism within the cuckoo clock on the wall began to click and a moment later the bird popped out and began to chirp. It was always a few minutes fast. It was easier to be prepared like that, with just that little bit of insight about what the future might hold. The bells on the door tinkled again as the door opened. The latest guest let the door slam loudly behind him and then flinched at the sound and gave a muted apology through his clunky helmet. His suit crinkled and sent little reflections of light dancing across the floor and walls as he stepped out of it. He hung the suit and helmet on an empty hook on the coat rack and stretched his arms then smoothed out the blue uniform he still had on. "Keeping that on, I hope?" Beansy asked with the same familiar grin.

The man chuckled. "For now, Beans," he retorted, his voice a smooth baritone. With a hand, he combed a few strands of his close-cropped brown hair away from his forehead. He went for the stool down at the end and, before picking up the glass, carefully gave it a tiny nudge so that it was centered. Seemingly satisfied, he sat. Beansy gave Doug a sly wink. He always knew what the next customer would want. "Cheers, Doug," the man in blue said, raising his glass.

Doug's mug was halfway to his mouth. He paused and set it down, staring suspiciously down towards this newest customer. "Do I know you?" he asked cautiously. He seemed flustered and tense, one hand on the edge of the bar stool as if preparing to propel himself towards the door.

"Not yet," the man answered solemnly. He seemed pensive and he swished his glass around, the liquor threatening to leap over the edge. "But you will. I just figured I would introduce myself first." He downed the rest of his drink and stood up. In and out. Beansy stood across the counter from him waiting patiently for the exchange to end. "What do you want today?" the man asked, turning away from Doug to face Beansy.

Beansy thought for a moment, his eyes drifting out of focus as he searched through the annals of his memory. "Give me something new," he said finally with an impish smile. "Something from your 20s."

"That's steep, Beansy," the man said with a frown. He seemed perturbed, as if the very suggestion offended him.

Beansy raised an eyebrow at his gall. He spread his arms non-confrontationally. "What do you have then?" he asked with the faintest shake of his head. Prices were always negotiable. That was just part of the job.

The man reached into his pocket and pulled out a handful of translucent chips of varying colors. He sifted through them, deftly plucking them into his other hand until he finally settled on a blue one, pinching it between two of his fingers and placing it on the counter. "Fine," he said reluctantly. "Something from the 20s. You better give me a better deal next time," he added with a chastising wag of his finger.

Beansy scoffed and nimbly popped the chip into his own pocket. "That's why you have your drink waiting for you," he countered, nodding towards the empty glass. The man grunted vaguely but dropped the subject. Beansy collected the glass and wiped the area around it. Doug's eyes followed the man, his gaze the hopeful face of a sheltered pup longing for adoption.

"A future friend?" Doug begged as the man put on the crinkled suit again. He was still fixated on their earlier exchange. The man glanced up surprised, as if he had already forgotten all about it.

Then he shook his head and chuckled darkly. "Your optimism is as refreshing as it is naive," he responded before donning his helmet. He touched a dignified salute to the glass orb around his head and stepped out in time as the door slammed shut.He had in his eyes that hollow, thousand-yard stare. He moved stiffly - robotically, almost - as if the robots that dominated the epic wastelands of the Desert Wars had turned part of him into one of their own. I held his cold, limp hand as the device fitted itself over his head. "You'll just feel a buzz," I comforted him. He nodded blankly. I had found my calling in helping people like him.

We first truly came to grips with the terrible effects of PTSD near the turn of the millennium. Soldiers would come home shell-shocked and indifferent to their surroundings. We generally knew how to treat it. We would ease them into the new environment, gradually wiping their access to memories of the most traumatic of those recent events. It was effective. Lieutenant Peters seemed impervious to the treatment. So instead we opted for the more invasive approach, inspecting the location of his memories so we could target those areas of the brain specifically. I would be able see the memories as they played through his head, his hands clenching and his bulging muscles spasming as he relived them.

"The Desert Wars," I mumbled to myself, indicating on another monitor where those memories were stored. I tried not to look too much at the burnt villages and the dried and torn oases and what was once a splendid savanna turned had turned a whole continent into endless sands. Robots marched, their handlers following their path of destruction.

These memories didn't seem to elicit much of a response from him, as if the treatments had worked. I went further. He should have been a boy by now, memories of playing in the yard, chasing his dog around a sprinkler or learning to ride a bike or of grade-school detention. Instead I saw him fighting terrorists in the Middle East, bullets whizzing by as the dust settled in the aftermath of the IED. A soldier lay beside him, leg severed at the hip, blood pouring out as his eyes glazed over lifelessly. I saw a child wandering through the crossfire, the skin of his face hanging from a couple threads of flesh. Lieutenant Peters fired two merciful shots and the boy collapsed.

I went further. The jungles of Vietnam came and went, endless mosquitoes and snipers and booby-trapped tunnels. The carnage of Normandy was but another blip in his memories. He charged from the trenches of Verdun. He fought against the boys in blue and against the redcoats. If war was not following him, he definitely seemed to be following war.

There were few conflicts he didn't seem to be a part of. I imagined him in his prime, embracing every fight with the gusto of an undefeated boxing champ. He was a natural killer, a professional soldier, escaping unscathed as he harnessed hundreds of years of experience into those raw survival skills. I knew exactly the type of person I was dealing with. His hands remained limp, his arms relaxed. None of the familiar spasms had occurred yet. I went further, trying to find that crucial memory that had turned such efficiency into an incapable mess.

Finally, as I entered another war thousands of years ago, I saw his hands flex. Beads of sweat appeared on his brow. His jaw tensed. The beautiful hills of Greece appeared, crows and vultures feasting on the carnage of a slaughter. I continued my journey into his memories. There were the Persians, led by Xerxes. King Leonidas bellowed to his outnumbered soldiers, motivating them into an unparalleled frenzy.

I saw Lieutenant Peters at the forefront, thrusting his sword into countless Persians. And still more came, a ceaseless stream of the feared Persian Immortals, dying just the same as any other man. The Spartans maintained their lines. And then the arrows rained upon them, and he was laying beneath a pile of bodies, drenched in their blood and blanketed by limbs. And sweat was pouring down his forehead. He didn't move until the birds began to peck at his hand, once the Persians had gone and the bodies had been looted. His hands were clenched against the edge of the seat. I had dealt with men like him before. I remembered, too.

I had checked the bodies. I had stabbed each one I found, yet somehow he had escaped me. I had hunted men like him for thousands of years, until I was convinced that I was the only one left. I had found them in the desolate corners of Patagonia, hiding in a shack in terror at that fate that hunted them down. I had found them in the pagodas of Southern Asia, trying to channel forces of the mind to ward off their eventual fate. I had found them in the tundras of Siberia, hiding amongst the dismal prisoners of the Gulag, as if I couldn't infiltrate a place so vile to do what had to be done.

Yet here he was, coming to me, of all people, in one of those twisted turns of fate. They're all immortal until they're not. I left him to his memories and stood, walking around to where I kept my supplies. The hilt of the knife was carved from the bones of the first men. Only something that has survived forever can kill somebody who can survive forever. I let him enjoy a peaceful last moment, drinking and laughing with the men of the Greek rearguard the night before the battle. And then I ran the blade across his throat, and his hands went limp and his body sagged. He had lived long enough.Headmaster Cornelius Dread was not a pleasant man. I had learned as much in our brief interaction at the drawbridge, and by the way he carried himself with an entitled arrogance. In spite of that, I couldn't help but feel drawn to his mystery. Him and the castle, both enigmas sheltered deep in this mountain fortress under the pretense of offering some obscure and coveted education.

Bells rang to beckon us to a ceremony, and I found myself surrounded by no more than a dozen other students. They chatted amongst themselves as we made our way across the grounds towards the main hall. Four were girls, and for some reason that surprised me. I expected the boarding school to home nothing but boys. It was exciting, and I chastised my rampant hormones for thinking about that when there were so many other questions at hand. They all fell silent as we entered the hall and I could just make out their muted footsteps on the stone floors.

The staff inside outnumbered us; silent butlers garbed in forest-green robes shuffling back and forth in the background. They would have reminded me of leprechauns had the situation been more festive. Instead their demeanor was more fitting for a leprechaun's funeral. Platters of food sat waiting for us at two long tables. Two rectangular tables that seated six apiece, all seats facing center, and then one more small table that sat alone between them. A private table; somebody's personal exile.

And then there was the Headmaster. He stood at the front of the massive hall in the same black suit, his frame silhouetted by roaring flames in the fireplace behind him. The stone arches of the great hall dwarfed him but he was still at least a head taller than any of the butlers. The world seemed to revolve around him right then; a majestic figure dictating the destinies of more than just the handful of us in that room. The shadows thrown by the flames of the torches on the walls never obscured his face yet all their light seemed focused on him in a fiery spotlight. Thirteen marks indicated where we should stand, as pointed out to us by one of the wordless butlers. 

The room fell silent, the crackle of the flames somehow disappearing while they still shone bright and the patter of footsteps ceasing. The butlers stood frozen in place as the Headmaster stepped down the three steps onto the floor. He approached us, the row of seven staggered behind the row of six. I had found a spot at the far left of the row of six, falling into place beside Marcus. I cast a furtive glance towards him now. He stared straight ahead, a cadet ready for his drill sergeant's inspection. The Headmaster ignored the others and first went to Marcus, towering over his stout, muscular frame. "Marcus," he said simply. Nobody else said a word. I wondered if I had missed orientation week. Maybe that's when they were told how to stand and to stay quiet.

I took a moment now that no eyes were upon me to observe the Headmaster more closely. Headmaster Cornelius Dread had the chiseled jaw line and high cheek bones of a man accustomed to attracting stares. It was the face of a man who seemed to have reached a tacit understanding with nobody in particular that he was to be respected and obeyed. The other students seemed to be in agreement, having dutifully fallen into line without him uttering a word to them. His hands were veiny, surely packed with that notorious old-man strength. His eyes always seemed to sparkle as if there was a secret that only he knew.

He nodded and moved on to stand over me even taller than he had over Marcus. He looked me up and down derisively, and his lip twitched slightly making his mustache quiver ever so slightly. His eyes finally settled on mine and he smirked. "Aeneral."

I winced. Have I mentioned I hate my name? Especially so when he said it, enunciating each syllable carefully. "I prefer Ian," I corrected, holding his gaze. His eyes seemed to squint and his jaw seemed to clench.

"I didn't realize I had asked."

"You didn't, I just-"

"Right." The room was silent. I cursed at myself for not taking a moment to think before correcting the Headmaster himself. "I didn't ask. A simple yes would suffice. Or nothing at all."

"Yes."

"Sir."

"Yes, sir." He nodded approvingly. 

He lingered for a moment before continuing, gracing me with the bit of extra scrutiny I doubtlessly deserved after that inaugural misstep. "I can't expect you to live up to the name, but hopefully you won't embarrass yourself." His words stung deep, and I didn't even know how I was named after. Some guy named Aeneral, most likely. Educated guess. He sounded just like my dad. A wannabe-motivational guru mired in boundless anger. It seemed ironic, being so close to escaping that constant negativity just to fall in with somebody just as cruel. I shot Marcus a sidelong glance. His earlier comment about my dad still rang in my ears. He couldn't know who was or wasn't my dad. We had just met. But at the same time, he seemed so aware of what we were doing here while I found myself more clueless than they seemed to understand. "Eyes," the Headmaster growled and I felt my eyes being pried back towards him. "This isn't social hour, Aeneral. If you want to see your roommate, I'm sure he'll be more than happy to pose for you in the candlelight of your room." I felt my face flush and one of the older boys chuckled, earning him a withering glare from the Headmaster.

I composed myself quickly. I had dealt with a man like him all my life. It was nothing new, and it should be far less personal than what I was used to. 

When his eyes were back on mine, they were no longer full of spiteful anger. Instead they observed me keenly, as if the torchlight was illuminating me for the first time. "So you aced the test?" 

I nodded. "Yes, sir." He nodded, and I felt myself hoping it was a nod of satisfaction. I wanted to impress him. I wanted his approval.

"That'll be your table, then." He gestured with his head. Without turning, I knew which table. My Elba or my Saint Helena; the start of a new chapter or my place to die. He turned around and paced back up the steps to his place. A glance towards the butlers and they unfroze, continuing about their tasks as if nothing had happened. I did a double take, not quite understanding how they had kept still as statues as the Headmaster spoke, not even their bosoms heaving with breaths. I think I saw the faintest hint of an amused smile upon his lips as he looked down at me. Then he spread his arms wide. "Today we welcome the newest members of the Dread family," his voice boomed, echoing again and again off the walls of the hall. I marveled at the acoustics, and then he turned his palms downwards and the sound was dead. 

"Welcome, Dreads," the eleven other students around us said in perfect unison. I felt fleeting panic. Then it was fear; a visceral fear that threw my stomach into a Gordian knot I couldn't even hope to untangle. Maybe if I did, everything would fall neatly into place. I would understand how I came to be enrolled in this cultist school. I would understand what it meant to be a Dread and why nobody had ever mentioned it to me before. It was a hopeless task, untying that knot. 

But maybe if I untangled it, I would find myself back at home, receiving an innocuous package addressed to the wrong home. Maybe this was all a mistake and that's why I felt so utterly lost and out of place. Maybe the neighbor boy was a Dread, whatever that meant. I knew that wasn't true. I had been learning the test material since the first day of mother's lessons. It had been no surprise to mother when she ripped open the envelope containing my test results and she had seen that perfect score. She had just smiled and given me a firm hug and when we pulled apart her eyes were moist. 

My heart pounded in my chest. The way they recited their salutations in unison was uncanny. It sent chills up and down my spine. The Headmaster's palms were pointed up now, and he slowly raised his arms. The fiery spotlight was no longer fixed on him. For the first time since we entered, the other students snapped out of their diligently maintained positions and looked around with me at the wondrous spectacle that exploded into action. 

Shadows swirled. No longer were they twisted, elongated monsters outlining our static bodies. They took on a life of their own. The knot in my stomach intensified. The pounding of my heart grew louder, so loud that I thought I could hear it echoing off the cavernous walls of the great hall. Inhuman creatures were birthed from the light of the fires, dancing a macabre dance along the walls. Then they separated themselves, limb by limb, undoing themselves of the stone restraints and stepping out into our realm. We looked around, glimpsing one monster and then another and then feeling a warm breath upon our napes but the shadows disappeared from our peripheries as we turned. All eyes except Headmaster Dread's. His stare remained firmly fixed on us. I could see him smiling now, his grin stretched unnaturally wide as shadowy creatures gyrated and contorted to the rhythm of my pounding heart. 

Dark assassins wielding knives. Shadow monsters stalking prey. Silent killers on the hunt. Empty eyes that stole my gaze. They whirled past in that ghastly dance and traveled through me like I wasn't there. They disappeared into my chest; the icy plunge of an inky sword. They reemerged on the other side, transformed into a different beast.

And then his arms fell to his sides and the flames were snuffed out like candles in an sudden draft. The only light came from the fireplace behind him; lonely embers in the wreckage of the once magnificent castle. Corpses were strewn in the rubble, familiar faces I couldn't quite place, bodies battered and broken as hungry shadow creatures devoured what was left of them. I heard Marcus gasp beside me and I saw my mother, and I knew he couldn't be seeing my mother, too. She was consumed, as I knew she would be, by a shadow creature resembling my dad. Marcus stepped towards her, and like waking from a dream that world shattered.

I emerged back into the reality I had once been convinced I knew, the core tenets of my world replaced by an existential uncertainty. Marcus was pale and trembling. The upperclassmen looked suddenly small in their fear in spite of having entered that shadowy hell of an induction ceremony as veterans. I looked up towards the Headmaster who still stood watching us, his face returned to that irritable trace of a smile. His eyes were fixed on Marcus and me as we still stood rooted to our spots. The others were gone, having sulked away to their seats for the midday meal. I didn't want to be sent to my Elba, that personal exile between the two tables and the focal point of my classmates.

And then I found a word for that knot I felt in my stomach and the clamminess of my hands and the pounding of my heart. It was dread, and that was why I was here. 

*****

If you have not subscribed to this story but want to, just comment HelpMeButler <Dread>When the light turned on, she had joined him, delicate beside this hulking boulder of a man. His arms had the girth of my thighs. "Mario," she repeated, and I wondered what connection existed between the two of them for him to understand her implicit instructions. He stepped back and she stepped towards me. "What are you talking about?" she demanded. In any other context, her accent would be captivating. Here it had become terrifying. Her eyes were sharp and tinged green, the spines of a cold, flowerless rose.

"I don't know," I answered sincerely, shrugging. I stood without restraints, but I may as well have been wrapped up in a straight-jacket and strapped to a table. With Mario there, I wasn't going anywhere. Mario scoffed. I wondered if he understood my words or if he just guessed from my shrug.

"Organization," she said pointedly. "Why do you say these are headquarters?"

"It's just something I see," I tried explaining. It was a narrow line between sounding like a madman and explaining how the world looked through my eyes. "When I'm near headquarters, I see colors. Pulsing, like a strobe light." She frowned, and I wondered if a language barrier prevented me from conveying what I meant or if she had already decided I was absolutely insane. "CIA, Mossad, the Vatican, all of them," I continued.

"CIA?" Mario interrupted and I felt his massive hand on my arm again. She waved him off and he cautiously released me. 

"I just see colors, like-" I mimicked with my hands the way the colors first crept into my periphery and eventually became an overwhelming saturation of my vision, painting everything into shades of red or blue or green, depending on the dominance of the organization near me. "The stronger the color, the stronger the organization."

"And us?"

"The strongest." I shook my head, baffled. It was a flower shop. This was ridiculous, hopefully. A mistake - unheard of, but surely not impossible. 

She smiled now and said something to Mario. I should have learned Italian before my trip. Regret. I also shouldn't have said anything to the first person I met in the world's strongest and apparently covert organization. More regret. "Good," she said finally, turning back towards me.

"Yeah, congrats. Can I go now?"

At this, she laughed. "No. You cannot go. You know too much."

I gaped at her. "Really? I literally know nothing. You're a flower shop. Like, not even that, judging by this empty backroom and your habit of taking people prisoner." I was spewing, babbling anything I had to forestall my untimely demise. I wondered if Mario would do the honors, snapping me like a twig with those sausage-sized fingers. Would doing a bit of yoga have made me harder to snap in half? Again, more regret. 

"Prisoner?" She looked confused and shook her head at me. "Not prisoner. You work for us now."

"Work for you? I don't even know what you do."

"We are a flower shop. It is simple." Mario chuckled and now I was convinced he could understand English. Just a flower shop. Right. So this was all a mistake. And now I had what probably amounted to a minimum wage working for the mob. The *flower* mob, to top things off, as if my notoriety could only be accompanied by the rosy cheer of absurdity.

"I'm sorry, my visa..." 

"Not a problem. You will be abroad."

"Abroad?" 

She nodded and waved me out of the backroom and into the store again. With Mario close behind me, she led us to a rose. It seemed to be starting to wilt, it's white petals curling at the edges and it's aroma a sickly sweet. She waved her hand above it and it burst back into life, another flower emerging from a nearby bud. I stared at her in shock, not bothering to shut my jaw-dropped mouth. 

"These are not just any flowers," she pointed out. I wanted to say *no shit*, to laugh at how blatantly obvious her statement was. Either they were fake and she was a magician unlike I had ever seen, or I was in a group I had no business being in. Or maybe I did, because not everybody got a vision tinged with color when they passed by an organization. "There are other flowers like these," she explained, pacing around the store as she spoke. Again, obvious. Some things went without saying. "But we don't have them all. That's where you come in to play."

"I need to steal flowers?" She tilted her head unconvincingly. 

"No, not you. Mario will take care of that." The big man smiled, suddenly pleasant, and I wondered if he was maybe a little dull. "You'll visit flower shops. If they're more than what they seem..."

"You'll take care of them," I finished for her.

Mario chuckled to himself. "Mario," he affirmed, raising an over-sized fist.

"So where do I start?" Travelling didn't sound half-bad. I wondered what parts of the world I would see. I wondered what kind of chaos would follow me. I was still following her around the shop, wondering where she was leading me.

"There's a flower missing," she said finally, turning towards me. Her eyes were a kaleidoscope once more, the sharpness gone, replaced by a bright flame of intense desire. Not for me, of course. She gestured vaguely to encourage me to identify what was missing. I shrugged helplessly. "We need the tulip." I looked around again. No tulip, as expected.

"So you just need a tulip?" I could walk out to any flower shop and grab one if that was all she needed.

Mario laughed heartily and she shook her head. "Not a tulip," she corrected. "The tulip. You need to find the right shop, which we haven't been able to discover. And then we'll get the tulip."*Ignore the creatures that aren't there. Ignore them and they'll ignore you.* 

Or was it ignore them and they'll engore you? He stood three heads taller than the nearest person, staring hungrily as they passed. 

*Breathe in. Count. One, two, three. Breathe out. Count. One, two, three. Repeat.*

Ad nauseam. Shadows without light. People without shadows. People who aren't there to anybody else but me. Not people. Creatures. Always on the fringe, ogling us like fresh meat. Fresh meat. I wouldn't be fresh. I would be rancid and putrid and rotted from the inside out. 

*Stop staring. Ignore them and they'll ignore you.*

There were two of them now. Two creatures, too tall. Two creatures to tally. He reaches out a hand. It passes right through somebody. They'll die later. Sorry, person. I hope you had a nice life. I wish I could tell them so they could say goodbye. They laugh. I wish I could hear. Maybe it's a hiss or maybe it's a cackle. Maybe it's a beautiful sound that would make everything be okay. Doubtful. 

I remember the first time I saw the colors that weren't there. How do you describe a color? Orange is orange, orange oranges. White is white, white whites. Black is nothing. There is no black. Even when I close my eyes I can see them moving. Sometimes they crawl, like horrid, elongated babies mocking me. Twisted limbs tied like pretzels. Do twisted limbs taste like pretzels? I wouldn't know. They might be able to tell me. 

*Ignore them and they'll ignore you.*

I think that was right. I should have ignored them. I should have walked right by and pretended I couldn't see them. Those eyes aren't eyes. My eyes aren't eyes. They see everything, but not everything is really there. Not to anybody else. Now I see their eyes. Now they see me. Two creatures. Too tall. Legs that go too fast. I'm running. I dodge and weave. They don't. They just go through people. 

*Breathe in. Count. One, two, three. Breathe out. Count. One, two, three.* 

That should make them disappear. It doesn't work. They're still coming. They know I see them."Nellie Flowers is asking for you in room 347," the nymph told me as I idled at reception. There wasn't a lot for me to do around these parts. Our hiring protocols had taken a bit of a turn in the past years. We were hiring more specialists now, for lack of a better word. Vampires could sniff out blood diseases, restraining themselves from biting into the necks of healthy patients and turning their nose at unhealthy ones. Werewolves provided therapy in a more human way than even dogs had managed to. We had wizards and witches making the medicine. And usually, the nymphs would brighten up patients' rooms. So I just manned the reception desk, checking in patients and directing them towards the right kind of care. It was a bit of a drag, but at least I had a job.

Today though the nymph seemed exasperated. It was like nothing she had tried with the decrepit, dying Miss Nellie Flowers had worked. So in an unusual display of humility and deference not often seen in these supernatural creatures, she was asking me for help. "Me?" I asked in shock, partially facetious and partially sincere and just a little bit flirtatiously.

The nymph rolled her eyes and scooted behind the desk to relieve me. "No," she retorted. "Any human. She just asked for a human." I shrugged. I guess I fit the bill.

"Miss Flowers?" I said as I knocked on the door to her room.

"Come in," I heard her respond faintly. She was a lonely old soul. She didn't get many visitors, having outlived all her friends and most of her family.

"Are you feeling alright?" I asked, settling into the chair beside her bed and reaching out to hold her hand. I was no good at this. Of course she didn't feel alright. She was in a hospital. Nobody likes hospitals, except for the creatures we had begun to hire. Even less when they're the patient, dying all lonely and painfully.

"I'm dying, dear," she answered. "I've felt better."

"I'm sorry," I mumbled helplessly. We had done what we could for her but it had already taken over her body by the time she came in. She had spent years at home, clenching her teeth as her body fought her every step, stubbornly refusing to seek help. Only a fall as she watered her garden had alerted anybody as to her desperate need for medical attention.

"Don't be," she scoffed. "It's not your fault." I knew that, but I was still sorry. I glanced around awkwardly, not quite knowing what to do. Was I supposed to read her a book? Play a game with her? Tell her a story? Her eyes were clouded over, cataracts long ago having stolen the last of her vision.

"Would you like me to get you anything?" I asked finally, having exhausted all other options and shifting in uncomfortable silence.

"No," she snapped. "I just want some... human company." She paused and I looked at her face. Her wrinkles were deep and plentiful, curved into a perpetual frown. Years of sadness and heartbreak and loneliness did that to a person, I suppose. Her hands were gnarled but they held mine tenderly, a thumb caressing a gentle circle. She looked like she was about to say something but then thought again about it before finally committing. "Do you ever feel like you're just surrounded by..." her voice tapered off, sad and dejected.

"By what, Miss Flowers?" I prompted quietly.

"By things that just don't care for you? They sit here and they try to brighten the room or they listen while I tell stories about my life but in the end it's just a job. They don't quite care. They don't quite have that human element to them. Do you ever feel like that?"

Her pale eyes were fixated on me and even though I knew she couldn't see me, I still met her eyes. I chuckled. "All too often," I responded quietly. "All too often."

She humphed, seemingly satisfied enough with my answer. "That's all, then. I just want some human company." She smiled now, the wrinkles turned the other way, and she closed her eyes and her thumb slowly came to a stop.I glared at those insolent scum as they sat with their feet on the table, kicked back in their chairs, eating the burgers I had been ordered to deliver to them. It wasn't easy getting this internship and my mom keeps saying to just duck my head and do my job and maybe that way I'll find my place on the team. But each day I'm more and more convinced that all I should do is erase that team, and most of the people around me while I'm at it. Still, it pays, unlike most of the other internships out there where you sign a contract for voluntary slave labor.

"Quit daydreaming and get me another coffee," Dayman bellows. His superpowers come to light with the sun and he destroys villains as he prances around in his ridiculous Spandex and nonsensical theme song.

"My coffee is cold. Can you make it boil?" Nightman asks and they all erupt into boisterous laughter. Funny. No, I can't. As they found out during the interview. These two guys harness the power of night and day; the others harness fire and fleas and random elements and bugs to save the city from certain doom and all I can do is boil water. My measly power is boiling water.

So I go to the Keurig and I serve them another coffee and I seethe in silence as they pour it on the carpet. "Clean it, bitch," Fireman yells. They all keep laughing. I drown them out. But my temper is nearing a breaking point, and Sun Tzu's teachings can only take me so far.

"Know the enemy and know yourself," I tell myself each morning when I enter the office. It was on the top floor of the priciest plot of real estate in the whole city. Of course it was. They claimed it was so they could better see where the city needed them but I think they just enjoyed pissing off the top floor. They'd be cackling a different tune when I boiled their piss inside them.

That had been my plan all along. I would lay low until I identified their habits, learned their ways and how their powers could interfere with mine. And then, once all was ready, my dream would finally come true. I would become the most villainous villain of all time. The MVV, as I like to call it. I tell people it's a Roman Numeral when they ask me about that tattoo. They think I'm an idiot because apparently it's not 1010. I tell them it's because I want to be the tenth member of their crew. We'll see what they can say once their saliva boils in their mouth and they turn into a little heap of boiled mush.

Finally I snapped. It wasn't according to the plan, but I couldn't take it anymore. Fireman felt it first, that little burning in his urethra. Moments later he was screaming in agony as the water from his mouth to the other end all started to boil at once. Did you know humans are 70% water? I was about to see 70% of these scummy heroes boil.

I glared as they screamed and begged me to stop. Now they could see who really had the power. Fleaman couldn't jump away from me and Fireman couldn't harness any fire when the fire was inside him. Nightman had no night to fight in and Dayman couldn't sing when his mouth was boiling. Iceman just melted completely. I should have expected that. Somebody would have to replace the carpet.

And then there was silence, and they lay in soupy heaps on the floor. My first attempt at using my powers had made a bit of a mess, but I didn't think I would need to worry about the cleanup. That was a concern for a superhero, not for the Most Villainous Villain. I left the building, wishing I could make it explode in the background like a villain in one of those Michael Bay movies. Instead, I just made all the water inside boil and all those poor, innocent people exploded instead.His hand was clammy, the limp shake stirring a familiar irritation inside me. "It's great to have you back," Brian said with a mysterious smile. I figured it was a slip of the tongue, like saying "you, too" to a waiter who tells you to enjoy your meal. I didn't question him. The interview process had been brief; I had found an email from the recruiter in my inbox detailing a set of skills that I happened to have. And then, voila. An interview later and I had the job.

I didn't connect the dots at first when Zach bumped into me in the breakroom. I had met him during the interview. "Sorry," he mumbled, glancing up from his phone. And then his face broke into a smile, more the kind you would have when you're seeing an old acquaintance after a decade apart, not after seeing the new guy. "Hey, man," he said shyly. "Sorry about last time." And then it just kept happening. They kept apologizing for last time, like maybe they thought I had been laid off from my last job or they thought they had bumped into me a dozen times before or offended me somehow. I tried my best to write it off as the effect of working in an office full of senile office drones. I just kept my head down, minding my own business.

"No phones in the office, Matt," I heard Brian say from behind me as I opened Reddit to start my habitual browsing. I glanced around at the other cubes. People seemed to have their phones. But I couldn't. I shrugged. I guess I had to earn my place as the new guy. I would sit there in boredom then, waiting for more work. Everything was blocked. Not just the basics like fetish sites and porn, but music streaming and news sites and games and everything. Even Google and Wikipedia. It was dreadfully boring.

"Sup, Zach?" I asked, spinning around in my seat to where he sat at his desk, typing away a text message on his phone.

"No talking except in the breakrooms, Matt," Brian said from behind me. Interesting. Not quite a welcoming work environment. But I needed the job more than I needed to stifle the boredom. I could deal with this, I told myself. I just had to stay focused, find work to do. Busy myself learning Excel macros or something... No Microsoft license. Solid. I wondered what everybody else in the office did all day. I stood, glancing around surreptitiously and grabbing my phone for a long shit. "No phones in the bathroom, Matt, we try to keep it brief," Brian said from right over my shoulder. I jumped. I hadn't heard him sneak up on me. His overbearing management style was starting to get to me. So I took a phoneless shit. You know how dreadfully boring that is? I was in and out in record time.

Five o'clock finally crawled around and I stood to leave. "Have a good one, Zach," I told him in as upbeat a tone as I could muster. I was exhausted from the boredom. He ignored me.

"Actually..." I heard Brian's voice behind me. "We have a bit of a production issue. We'll need your support." I sat back down, dejected. Back to staring lifelessly at my screen, supporting absolutely nobody. When I was finally released, it was dark out. I drove home mindlessly, ate a plate of leftovers I didn't remember making and then went to sleep.

My alarm seemed to ring moments later and then I was back in the office, bright and early, staring at nothing in particular, just like my first day and the day after that and the day after that. I couldn't take it anymore. The boredom was making me sweat. My hands were trembling, desperately searching for something to do. Zach ignored my attempts at conversation, sometimes just glancing over his shoulder apologetically. My phone had been confiscated. My Rubik's cube, too. I had brought a pencil and paper just to have it taken by Brian. He seemed out to get me. I couldn't take it anymore. I felt myself breaking, turning to him in a furious rage when he told me I was taking too many bathroom breaks.

"What the f..." I was met with his delighted grin and then I was immobilized from behind and dragged down the hall of cubes, shouting desperately at my colleagues. "Get out of here before it breaks you," I screamed at them. Some of them seemed to laugh spitefully. Some seemed to hang their heads in shame.

I was sat rudely into a chair in a conference room, restraints strapped to both my wrists. "Time?" I heard Brian say, suddenly taking on the persona of a commanding boss instead of the meek dictator he had been in the office.

"Day and a half," somebody answered. "You really pulled out all the stops this time. Pushed him over the edge."

"Not nearly as good as last time," Brian said in response to the report, as if we had been through this all before. "I may have gone a bit too hard. Make sure to record that." He stepped in front of me, his lazy eyes now sharp and analytical as he looked at my face, still twisted in rage and confusion. He patted my cheek condescendingly. "I know you don't think so, but you're doing something useful," he said with a smirk. "Or we're doing something useful with you." Then he looked towards whoever was taking notes behind me and I felt hands push my head to the side and line a needle up with my neck. "We'll go a bit easier on him next time. Reset him."I was derping around the Internet - Reddit, to be precise, where I spend most of my waking hours watching cat videos and kids falling over - when I stumbled upon a relationship post that sounded all too relatable. You're probably thinking that my spouse is an over-sharer, announcing our problems to the world so that I can be appropriately judged and humiliated in front of all my Internet acquaintances. Then she'll receive advice to lawyer up, hit the gym... You know the drill, next thing I know I'm stuck with the half of the house with no bathroom, half my cat and only the upper half of my wardrobe.

There's a catch. There is no spouse. I live alone, unless you count Sylvester, my overweight but adorable cat. Cat. That's all I comment some days. He sleeps most of the time and only gets up when I shake his treats and doesn't do any chores except dirty the litter box so he barely counts as a roommate. Anyways, I digress. I stumbled upon this relationship post, all about some unfortunate woman madly in love with somebody who didn't even know her name. Hol' up. Weird, right? Sounds like a stalker. 

Well I wanted to comment as much, but then I saw somebody had beat me to it. C'est la vie. I never quite got there first. They got gold, too. Bastards. 

**Are you there personal FBI agent or something? Creepy lol**

They're, idiot. I almost corrected them but fifteen other people had already mistakenly commented **their***.

And there it was. That username. **MatisFBIAgent**. Could it be? It couldn't be. But wait, I thought to myself, stroking my unkempt and overgrown facial hair. Maybe it could be. 

I clicked on their post history. Pictures of my house, a picture of my cat, a picture of me seeing if I could squeeze my moobs together enough to have cleavage. I gaped at my monitor, and not just because it has fantastic resolution. Those were personal pictures, at least the last one. Those were pictures that one could only have if had access to my webca- Oh. Oh, this explained everything.

This explained the ads I had been getting. Ads for advanced spyware intermingled with ads for the finest restaurants in town. Ads for red roses and cat-buddies. Ads for cat leashes so that you could meet new people. Ads for those dating apps - although those might have been because even the Internet recognized the hopelessness of my romantic situation. I really shouldn't have been such a cheapskate and joined the Wi-Fi network named **FBIAgentNextdoor**. What could go wrong, right?

I slid into her DMs with all the grace of a chimpanzee in a china shop. Sylvester meowed. Almost time to feed him, almost time to feed me. Just a quick message first. **Sup, it's me**. Call me Romeo, I'm a hopeless romantic. And here I had it. My own modern-day romance.I've never really considered myself an envious person. I'm well aware that most people are better looking and they have straighter teeth and are more fit and smarter. I'd consider myself just about average as far as people go, at least if you disregard the best half of people from that equation. The years hadn't quite been kind to me, as my belly never failed to attest through those shirts that now fit a little too tight or how my thinning hair reminded me every time I showered and shedded strands threatened to clog the drain. That's just how things were though. Self improvement seemed a little too work intensive, plus who did I have to impress? I already had nobody.

Anyways, I had been reading a lot about running recently. It's the thought that counts, right? I was definitely thinking about training for a marathon, or maybe a half marathon or a 5K if my goals were too lofty. Honestly, I would have settled for a walk around the block. I would train for that eventually. So I was thinking about it as I sat on my living room couch, surrounded by a tasteful collection of beer cans and pizza boxes, browsing some blog about couch to 5K when a flash of movement caught my eye. It was Alan, that wretchedly perfect fellow that lived just down the street. He was always out running.

"I wish I could have his stamina," I murmured to the piece of three day old pizza crust I was munching on. And then Alan just dropped. Not like a beat drops where it's epic and super intense right after. He just dropped dead. Dead as a doorknob, if you want it in a generic simile that somehow conveys how dead he was. I called 911, anonymously reported that there was a dead guy on the street and then I finished the rest of the leftover pizza as I watched the paramedics fail to resucitate him. That's why I don't run, I guess. Last thing I would want is to drop dead of a heart attack somewhere other than my own home.

The next morning I woke up feeling more refreshed than I had in years and feeling a motivation to go running that I had never felt before. This was it, I guess. I disregarded the little warning bells in my head telling me that this was how Alan died, and if Alan died then I was certainly next, and out the door I went. I was halfway to work, all of three miles away, when I realized how ridiculous all those people training months for marathons were. All you needed was pizza and beer, clearly. But that still resulted in that wretched belly.

I slowed to a walk as I passed a gym and I admired a big hulking dude walking in the door, his arms bulging underneath his shirt. "I wish I could have his body," I marveled to myself. Suddenly he was gone, other than his head that kind of pivoted around helplessly looking for his body. People screamed. I looked down at myself and grinned. There were those awesome arms. There was that awesome 6 pack. I was jacked, and I think I was starting to catch on to how things worked.

I wished for a nicer looking face and looked away as it tore off a nearby gentleman, the degloved head standing there in shock. I wished for nicer teeth and felt a little bad as a beautiful young lady suddenly sounded like my grandmother after she takes her dentures out. It was devastating, I'm sure. Not for me though, and that was fine. They were faring better than Alan, after all. I wished for a cooler voice and some dude chatting on the phone went mute, his mouth still opening and closing like a stupid fish.

Once I was complete, or at least slightly more put together than I had ever been before, I swore to myself that that was it. I wouldn't use this newfound power anymore. I had left a path of destruction behind me, leaving people faceless or bodiless or hairless. Better job, more friends, all that little stuff that left some other chump lonely and homeless. I met a girl and she fell in love with this new and improved me and I made sure to get rid of all the pictures of how I used to be. I was living a lie, but I told myself it was for the best. Best for me, at least.

It was a couple years later and the spark was dead and I just got to feeling like each day was the same ordeal with her. She smiled and sang and talked about the house we would buy and the children we would have and as much as I tried I just couldn't muster the same enthusiasm. I looked into her eyes indifferently, willing myself to feel some passion or some emotion towards her but I just couldn't, even though her eyes glowed with love. "I wish I could love like you do," I said carelessly, not quite registering what I had said until it was out of my mouth.is available!

When the first asteroid came towards us, I remember being huddled in front of the television in the living room in eager anticipation. Mom crossed herself time and time again. My brother just gawked, sitting cross-legged with Buzz Lightyear clutched in his hands.

It was what I imagine the Moon landing must have been like for people back then, except instead of us going to another celestial body, the celestial bodies were coming to us. One by one, week after week, enormous asteroids came straight for Earth. Sitting in front of the television again now, I get a tinge of dj vu. It's much more real now.

The first time, we figured we were just unlucky. Like the asteroid that hit Earth when the dinosaurs were still around, it would have been enough to trigger a mass extinction and end life as we knew it. We were more advanced than the dinosaurs though, in spite of how much trouble grandma had with technology. For once, humans saved the Earth. We shot at the asteroid with just enough force that it missed us. The pictures were incredible - once in a lifetime, people guaranteed.

The second time, we figured the odds of the Universe must be stacked against us. Once was one-in-a-billion. Twice was what? One-in-a-trillion? Exceedingly unlikely, even given the twisted multiverse we occupied. Again, we sat in front of the televisions as ballistic space experts repeated their stunning feat and the asteroid seemed to pass within spitting distance of the Earth.

The third time, we realized something was up. Fool us once, shame on you. Fool us twice... Still shame on you. Fool us three times? No. Even the leading scientists and politicans couldn't contain their concern. Something was throwing rocks at us, as unlikely as it sounded. Something with the ability to harness fantastic amounts of power to slingshot those space stones in our direction.

It became the norm, like we were unwilling participants in a one-sided game of galactic dodgeball. It wasn't a fun game of dodgeball though, like the ones at recess where everybody tries to hit one kid in the face. We were on the wrong side of that. It was harrowing.

People prepared for the inevitable collision; for the one time that the calculations were off and we just didn't have the means to divert the massive asteroid. They got together cans of food that would probably taste pretty good to some carnivorous alien when paired with the minced meat we would all become. It became the defining moment of our generation; our Pearl Harbor or our Kennedy assassination or our 9/11.

It's in these moments that humanity proves itself. United for the first time against a common enemy - ignoring climate change of course, a problem all too real and whose solution was not nearly profitable enough - the people of Earth more or less set aside their differences to defeat the Slingthing, as it came to be known.

First we sent satellites that were easily knocked out of the air by smaller asteroids. Pebbles, compared to the ones sent towards us. Then we assembled a base on the Moon as an advanced vantage point from where to observe this enemy. There wasn't a lot to observe other than darkness and finally an asteroid headed for the expeditionary force that was diverted just before it hit the Moon. That would have thrown Earth into chaos, and this barely inhabited colony suddenly became a viable target that we had to defend.

The economy boomed as we churned out weaponized spaceships capable of avoiding the asteroids and firing back at the enemy. We had avoided over a dozen asteroids. We became desensitized to them, attack after attack being deflected by our reliable scientists and ballistic experts sending the payloads up to divert the collision. What was once worthy of front page news had been relegated to an afterthought; barely a mention in some compiled statistic lost in a sea of other articles about more Earthly concerns.

For some of us though, sitting around the television for the next asteroid is ritualized, something like the Super Bowl but about more than just the commercials. There wasn't an asteroid today though. Not on a Tuesday night. Today we will finally see the Slingthing.

I'm with my peers, the other brave men and women who answered the call of duty to join that 6th military branch once the threat became evident. I had been in the inaugural class of recruits; one of the first Space Force cadets. It was our base on the Moon used for refueling the unmanned ships before they continued towards the Slingthing. It was our men dutifully monitoring that lonely outpost in anticipation for the next attack.

"Do you think we'll actually see it?" I finally break the nervous silence. Debris was flashing by the camera as the finest of our ships maneuvered its way towards the calculated origin of the attacks. It was sleek; I had seen it when it was still parked in a hangar here on Earth. The newer models could fit people inside and we were all clamoring for the chance to go on a ride. Not a ride towards the Slingthing, but just a little ride around the planet at least.

"We're supposed to," Sergeant Edwards says with a shrug, all but asking me to shut up. The feed was delayed by several minutes between the time it took for the video to travel back to Earth and the pause as the censors ensured that there wasn't anything too scarring.

"And if we don't?"

"They'll deploy us, probably. Post us up on nearby asteroids to get visual." A bone-chilling possibility. Men were known to die in the solitude of those desolate assignments. We were better now at deflecting the asteroids before they got too close to Earth and the media hubbub had subsided significantly since the first time one had been headed towards us, but deployments and assignments were still scaling upwards.

A collective gasp arises from the group. There, in the distance, we were finally starting to make out the Slingthing. Or, rather, we were finally starting to see the absence of anything where the Slingthing should be. Part of me expected a tentacled creature with an array of eyes. Part of me expected some astral phenomenon we hadn't accounted for; some gravity hole that acted as a slingshot as it collected asteroids before launching them outwards. There's nothing there. Just a darkness that blocks the stars beyond it.

Asteroids kept rocketing towards the nothingness and eventually the Slingthing effortlessly spat them back out, sending them hurtling in all directions, including towards Earth. "Where do the rest go?" somebody asks. Nobody answers. It could be towards other planets. It could be towards other lifeforms. It could be both.

And then the feed goes black and an angry uproar erupts. I try to stay calm and poised like Sergeant Edwards. He's standing there in silence, his face grim as he watches us angrily shouting at the static feed. "Get it out of your system, private," he always says. That's what he was letting us do now before snapping us back to attention to await orders. Either the Slingthing had claimed our finest spaceship or the censors had decided that what was seen couldn't be broadcasted. Neither option is more palatable than the other.

 is available!

*****

To subscribe to notifications for this series, comment HelpMeButler <Slingthing> and you will receive an update when I post a new part. You should get a confirmation from the Butler bot. If you don't, try again but type exactly what I did.Total word count:

November 11: 50,019

November 10: 40,597

November 9: 38,802

November 8: 37,023

November 7: 32,526

November 6: 28,553

November 5: 21,842

November 4: 16,825

November 3: 10,325

November 2: 8,542

November 1: 5,665

Hi all!

For those of you who don't know, November is NaNoWriMo, short for National Novel Writing Month. The goal is to write 50,000 words - 1667 a day, every day - throughout the course of the month. That's a lot! I think I can do it though. Maybe it's misplaced confidence, maybe it's that I need the motivation to get through a project, but I've committed to achieving that goal. My NaNoWriMo profile can be found , but I think you may need an account of your own to see it.

The project I have selected for the month is *Spellslingers*, original prompt response . It didn't get a ton of attention originally, but I think it has potential and it's one of my personal favorites (added motivation). I'll be updating this post with my wordcount each day so that you all can follow along with my progress! 

*****

In other news, and maybe of more interest to many of you, I have been continuing to work on The Great Blinding. As you may know, I restarted it and have been trudging through a rewrite plus expansion plus continuation. I'm still struggling a bit with the direction I want to take the story in but I promise it'll be completed eventually! I've been outlining quite a bit to get unstuck and to make sure I have a good foundation for the rest of the story. 

*****

Thanks again to all of you for your support and your patience as I work through these projects! I especially appreciate those of you who comment and provide feedback on the stories!Marcus glanced impatiently at his watch. The second hand crawled by at an agonizingly slow speed, as it always did on Friday afternoons before the two weeks off. He needed the break. It had been a long month, or maybe it was two by now. It was easy to lose count. The job was, quite literally, soul-crushing. Long times away from the family, long times away from those sun-burnt Texas landscapes, long times away from the comforting rumble of that old Ford. He sighed mournfully and checked his watch again. All of fifteen seconds had passed.

Sometimes he wondered if it was all worth it, between the gruesome visions and the baffling reality that twisted everything Marcus thought he knew about the world. Maybe he shouldn't have sold his soul to the highest bidder. Well, to the only bidder. Not many people were in the business of buying souls. Things hadn't been going well in Texas, not since the Oil Age came to a close. The booming economy had ground to a halt. Lines for gas wrapped around the block and then around the next block. Alternative energy hadn't really been well received in Texas. Not anywhere in the country, for that matter. While other countries had modernized, turning to clean and renewable energy sources, people back home had stubbornly insisted on using fossil fuels down to the very last drop that could be squeezed out of the land.

Marcus remembered the day the gas ran out. The line to the gas station was brutally long. Sitting in the Texas heat with the windows down and the car turned off to conserve those last drops of gas was almost as brutal. He had his trademark ten-gallon hat pulled down over his eyes and his fingers lazily drummed a beat on his leg. People weren't even honking anymore, that's how long the wait had been. Finally, an attendant had ambled down the line, giving people a sad shake of his head. Cars began to pull out of line. Marcus sighed. He didn't need to be told what had happened. The masochist in him had just wanted to hear it.

"Ain't no more gas," the attendant said when he got to the green pickup truck.

"When's the next truck due?" Marcus asked, sitting up and pulling his hat off. He ran a tan, calloused hand through his wavy, shoulder-length blonde hair. Now it was trimmed short and he couldn't wear a hat or anything outside of the regulation uniform. He had been hopeful then, confident that he could wait until the next truck rolled in. It's not like he had a job anymore, not since the refinery shut down. Without oil, there was nothing to refine but his drinking skills and bitterness.

The attendant had chuckled nervously. He had glanced around anxiously as if afraid the answer might get him lynched. It wouldn't be the first oil lynching. It certainly wouldn't be the last. "There are no more trucks," he whispered finally, wringing his sweaty hands and leaning close as if divulging confidential information. "We're shutting down. They told us ain't no more trucks coming. Sent me home, told me to not bother with y'all." He had glanced down the rest of the line and looked a bit overwhelmed at the daunting task ahead of him. "Figured I'd do the courtesy."

Marcus closed his eyes and inhaled deeply. "Yeah," he sighed after a moment. He opened his eyes again and looked over at the attendant who stood shamefully with his head hanging low. "Thanks."

"Sorry, man," the attendant mumbled sadly before continuing down the line. He was just a boy, probably just sixteen years old. It wasn't his fault. Not that the line stretched a mile long or that Marcus hadn't gotten there in time. It wasn't his fault that his parents' generation had adamantly refused to modernize or improvise or do anything but continue head-long into the inevitable depletion of their beloved fuel source. It wasn't his fault that those rich, pigheaded bastards had decided to line their pockets and eat hamburgers off golden platters instead of exploring even the remotest possibility of renewable energy. Marcus wondered how the boy was doing now. Maybe he was still selling fuel out of the same station, now that they had retrofitted the old pumps. Maybe he had jumped ship and lost himself to the allures of unimaginable wealth down here.

He remembered praying to the cruel god of stalled automobiles and depleted resources to give him enough fuel to make it home as he turned the key in the ignition. The truck had mercifully roared to life one last time. Then it had sputtered into the driveway, the fuel tank dry as the summer heat, and there it had stayed. Marcus had gone inside, cracked open a beer and turned on the news. It wasn't just Texas where things had gotten tough. All over the country, riots were erupting as the last of the gas ran out. Even the police cruisers sat idly as angry crowds ran right over them, cracking windshields and tearing lights right off the top. Tight-lipped National Guardsmen rolled in, mounted atop camouflaged vehicles running either on stockpiled fuel or some undisclosed new technology. Neither idea sat very well with desperate people with families to feed. While tanks and armored vehicles idled at corners, cars sat collecting dust and civilians weathered rain or stifling heat to get to work or to pick up groceries.

He wondered if things were any better up there now. Here he didn't have to worry about a thing. Food and water were plentiful, beer and liquor even more so, and there was no lack of temptations where a man could blow half a paycheck on a few rounds of poker and still have enough left to send home. Marcus was a faithful man. He would never give in to the carnal seductions of the creatures of this underworld like some of the weaker-willed men did, but now and then he would indulge in a round. It made him feel like a king, drinking beer from a champagne glass as those inhuman creatures flaunted their bosoms and sidled up beside him with a sly wink. Men would spend hours here - entire work weeks could go by in the blink of an eye - but they soon came to realize that when they stepped back out into the fields, not a moment had passed and they were that much further from making ends meet.

Down there the rules were different. Men could be kings, at a steep price. Anything could be traded for money and power, even the intangible like an unborn child or a soul. Time could move in any direction that those horned overlords wanted and a shift could fly by in minutes if there was a quota to hit or it could crawl by in months if it was almost time to head home. The willing were the oil barons of the new age; the Rockefellers and the Kochs of Hellfuel, so long as they were willing to pay a price. The others were modern serfs and slaves; men who toiled endless hours just to go home with empty pockets at the end of an interminable shift.

Marcus shook his head, shaking away the intrusive thoughts. Sometimes he wanted to approach the throne where that red, soul-thirsty demon with those gnarled claws and wicked horns sat watching. But he couldn't afford to lose the job, and at the same time he wasn't ready to let go of those little things that kept him rooted to the real world. He missed Alexis and the way her hair smelled. He missed Lily and how she looked at him with those wide eyes and reach up with those little hands. Sometimes they were fleeting visions in the shifting tapestries of the molten lava, his house engulfed in flames with his wife and child stuck inside as he sprinkled coins instead of water at them with a garden hose. Sometimes he thought he saw them crossing the Elysian Fields, Lily desperately searching for him as his wife tried to shield those innocent eyes from the carnage and death. But the job had been the only option, and whatever agonizing torture he had to endure he knew he was enduring for his family.

"You need a job, Marky," Alexis had told him. They were standing in the small kitchen. He towered over her and rested his forehead on her head, wrapping her in his arms while she cradled the baby. The tile floor was cracked and the walls needed painting but the fridge was empty and they could barely afford to survive, much less improve the house. Dwindling job prospects had driven him to the brink of desperation, but still he searched. He was on the cusp of setting aside his pride and taking to the streets to riot with the others when he finally found a relevant job offering.

"It's for a new energy source," he had told Alexis over dinner that night as she spoon-fed Lily. Dinner was rice and beans for them again. It was all they could afford after buying baby food and diapers. She frowned and lifted another spoonful. Her apron was splattered with spat food and Lily cried incessantly. "It's not wind or anything cancerous," he added with a wave of his hand to assuage her fears. "They call it Hellfuel," he said meekly, avoiding her eyes and holding his breath. He knew she would worry.

"That sounds dangerous," Alexis declared simply without looking away from Lily. Marcus exhaled slowly and shrugged. Dangerous or not, something had to be done. Taking to the streets would be just as dangerous. Plus he had a family to support. He might be thrown in jail and God knew they couldn't afford bail. He might die out there too, given the violence that had broken out in some regions.

"They say there's no physical risk," Marcus had replied, trying to ease her worries. "I'd be away a lot though. A month gone maybe, two weeks back. It would just be for a little though, just until we can get back on our feet." Alexis had finally stopped feeding Lily and wiped a bit of dribble off her chin. Then she had looked up at Marcus with teary eyes. She had sighed and reached out a small hand that her husband enveloped in a loving clasp.

"Do what you need to do, Marky," she had trembled, a tear rolling down her cheek. He had dabbed at it clumsily with his napkin and done his best to stop tears from welling up in his own eyes. Tears now only brought more hardships. He had learned to ignore the visions, no matter what they showed. They could be as vivid and touchable as his own hand, but he knew his wife and daughter would never be here no matter what he saw.

"We need this, Lex. They even have a signing bonus. We could have some cash by the end of the week." He had glanced down at his plate. "Hell, we could afford some chicken or something even." She had smiled half-heartedly and reluctantly agreed. It wouldn't have mattered too much if she hadn't, given their dire situation. He had already submitted an application earlier that day. It was either that or the riots. Everybody knew oil was done. Even the deepest wells were dry. Here, up in the Arctic, everywhere. The Oil Age was over. Now there was Hellfuel.It was the eyes in the sky that gave it away. Home was no more, having been meticulously converted to an abysmal wasteland. Regular people - former neighbors and PTA moms and country club members - had turned towards crime, murdering and looting with barely a second thought. And still the eyes in sky watched, hovering above the desolation; lifeless, emotionless birds. It became an obsession, staring them down until they blinked and flitted away towards somewhere new.

"They did this," Max mumbled to nobody in particular. He wasn't wrong, but he wasn't quite right either. This time when they began to fly away he followed, hopping onto that beat-up motorcycle and tearing down barren streets in the arid air. The eyes kept flying when he reached the coast and they disappeared over the horizon as Max sat on the beach and glared. Then he closed his eyes for a moment, thinking back to the way things were.

Once the beach would have been a tranquil vacation with a cold drink and the chirp of seagulls. The breeze would have been misty and refreshing instead of bringing stinging sand. His son would have played in the surf while his wife tanned and the waves lapped up around their feet. He would have felt the touch of another human, a hand against his or the light weight of his child on his shoulders as they toiled through the sand. There would have been laughter. He would have smiled. Max swallowed back the overwhelming sadness and the tears, compressing them into an unparalleled fury and an insatiable taste for revenge.

A man like Max - a people like the people Max's people had become - they weren't to be stopped by an ocean. And a man like Max just wasn't the type of person one wanted hunting them down. Had the eyes in the sky or the masters that sent them known this, perhaps they would have picked some other place to trifle with and turn into this inhospitable hellscape. The bleak existence on the accursed island had made Max a methodical killer. He was resourceful. He was tireless. He was deadly.

To his surprise and disappointment, perhaps tinged with the slightest bit of relief, what came beyond the ocean wasn't like home. It wasn't grey. It wasn't dead. It wasn't an endless desert where people hunted each other in desperate search for their next meal. It wasn't a wilderness without rules. Max found civilization, and a beaming, well-dressed figure coming to greet him as he disembarked from his makeshift raft. Here there were trees. The desert didn't blend with the beach in an interminable stretch of sand. There was a distinct coastline. There were palms and people and boats and music. There was laughter.

"You've won it," the man said with a smile, holding out a hand to greet Max. Max took it wordlessly, casting an evil glare at the ample resources these people had acquired. It made what the Imperators had obtained seem like child's play in comparison. These weren't a successful people who had overcome the post-apocalyptic badlands. These were comfortable people who had never dealt with what he had seen. He wondered if they even knew what he had been through. Given the greeting, he didn't doubt it. They were staring at him, grouping around and smiling and snapping pictures and jostling for a better view.

"Won what?" He finally said, his parched lips cracking after so long without speaking.

The man waved his hand vaguely. "The game. Australia. You managed to escape. It had been so long, we were wondering if anybody would manage." Max glared at him, slowly gathering the words and mulling them over. Above them, another eye floated lazily and moved closer as if to capture the words the men were saying to each other. "Congratulations." The man hadn't stopped smiling. His clothes were clean and his hands were soft.

"You did this?" Max asked quietly. He clenched his teeth.

"Oh, not alone," the man said humbly, not quite understanding Max's fury. "I mean, the continent was basically all desert when we decided to kick things off. But I can't take all the credit for the planning or the execution. I'm just here to welcome you to your new home." The man hadn't stopped smiling, oblivious to the anger boiling inside of this man who had seen his family die and had been forced to kill in order to survive.

"You did this," Max repeated, this time not asking but stating the facts of the situation. The man turned pale and stuttered a half-hearted response. It wasn't enough. Max's hand clenched around his throat and he squeezed. The people around them gasped and scattered and the eye in the sky darted away. Inland.

Max dropped the wheezing man and followed. They did this. They would pay."A little salt with that, dear," I gently told Madison as she poured me a cup of coffee. She gave me that perplexed look that children often give adults, be it for a good reason or not. I suppose this was as good a reason as any, given the oddity of this habit. "It's to keep the demons away," I whispered to her and I reached out to muss her hair. She flinched. I think she thinks I'm crazy. I'm not. I'm just lonely.

I formed a little bit of a guilty pleasure over the years. Not crack or coke or whatever the kids these days are doing, thank goodness. I just tend to gravitate towards flea markets and antique shops and anywhere with a couple items that have seen their fair share of years. And, well, needless to say, with those years comes a history, sometimes more sinister than I would like.

I found this very mug somewhere like that. It was an estate sale for some old man. Apparently finding bodies in the basement deters heirs from coming for their inheritance. The latest was a suspicious looking spoon, forgotten under the felt of a silverware drawer as if it was hiding so as to unexpectedly curse some poor soul's home. Items like these always made me wonder about their history. I figured I would find out someday soon once I brought it home.

"I'll take that," I had told the shopkeep, I think her name was Erma. Erma bested my age by a handful of years and it irks me to know I just won't ever catch up. If she was any more pale and wrinkled I would almost mistake her for one of my ghosts. "Just the spoon," I clarified when she went to ring up the whole drawer. In spite of her pale complexion, she managed to get a little more pale.

"The spoon..." she had mumbled, glancing around nervously and holding it at arms length. "That spoon..." And that was all I got from her. I figured it would pair well with that cursed fork. If you could sentence a fork, that one would be guilty of murder. Instead, three generations sat in prison and a half-dozen people were dead and buried, all courtesy of that fork. Forking lovely, right? So much for passing down family heirlooms. I found it better not to, just in case. You could never know what those priceless antiques might bring with them.

If I were my daughter, I wouldn't bring the grandkids over to visit. Not anymore. Not with all the history I've collected. Sometimes I see myself stabbing something, fork in hand, plunging it into a lifeless item over and over again. It's not like I'm harming anything. But for the most part I get along with the ghosts. We enjoy each other's company. "When is mommy picking me up?" Madison asked me. She was eight now, a little short for her age, a little snarky, too.

"What's the rush, dear? We've got plenty of time." She didn't visit often. Mom had to run some errands. Walmart, the cemetery, the usual. She would pay a visit to the father, God rest his soul. Sometimes I spoke to him if I stumbled upon a certain mug. That one was for long-steeped black tea, no honey. It would be bitter and saltless. He never had kept his demons at bay.

"I don't like your house, grandma," Madison told me. I knew that. Nobody liked my house. Well, nobody but me and my friends. "It's scary."

"It's not scary, Maddie," I told her softly. I held out a hand and she took it and I pulled her to me. I turned her around so that we could see the family room and into the kitchen. "You just need to be friendly, and everything you see will be friendly back. They're just lonely."

"Who, grandma?" I chuckled. She knew who, she just didn't know she knew.

"The ghosts, honey," I whispered. The basement door creaked open and the napkins on the counter fluttered. My hands rested gently on her shoulders, her company so welcome after so long alone. She was so small and frail still. I wished she would never leave, but all good things must come to an end. Her mother would come pick her up and she would glare at me and snatch her away and I would be alone again. I caressed her neck, pulling back her hair into a ponytail and gently running it through my fingers.

"I don't like ghosts, grandma," she said back, her voice barely audible over the creaking of doors and the patter of little footsteps all around the house. The windows were closed but wind whistled under a door. Outside, the windchimes hung motionless.

"It's alright, honey," I told her quietly, my hands coming to a stop. "We just want your company."**[WP] You're a soldier in the army of a modern monarchy. A prince of the royal family joins the military, and is assigned to your squad. To the dismay of your gung-ho squad, this means you never gets tasked with anything dangerous or worthwhile. Surprisingly, the prince seems just as disappointed.**

*****

The first person you meet when you join is Squad Leader Petrovich. He's a beast of a man. He doesn't like small talk, but his talk will make you feel small. Better said, his bellowing voice will make you want to curl up in a ball and cry, and there is nothing more he would like to see. Tailor-made for a drill sergeant but he never could quite get those stripes. He towers above the rest of us, and what he lacks in creativity he more than makes up for in brute force. Sometimes I want to ask him who hurt him as a child or why his mother weaned him with pure testosterone. I don't ask him that. I wouldn't be writing this if I did. He'll greet you with the fewest words possible. Just enough to let you know you're in the right place but not enough to make you feel welcome. He would be an asshole if he spoke more.

Next you'll meet the rest of us. Jaxon probably gets up to Petrovich's belly-button. It doesn't seem to bother him. He's the one person the Squad Leader won't yell at. I think they must have tussled at some point and Jaxon came out on top, in spite of being half as big and half as tall. He is raw strength. His bulging arms are thicker than my torso. He could probably just use monkey-bars to get anywhere if he had the dexterity to shoot a gun with his toes. That would be ape-like. Don't call him ape-like, even if his stubby figure reminds you of one. That's how you die. He got tattoos at some point when he was smaller. They're stretched now. The face on his right shoulder might have been a pretty sight once but now it's distorted into a grotesque scream. "It's the pain of my enemies," he snarls when he catches you looking. I think it's his ex-wife.

Carl looks like your next door neighbor. He's balding. He doesn't have the iron-fused body that Jaxon does. He doesn't have the size that Petrovich does. He would probably pass off just fine as your run-of-the-mill stay-at-home dad, belly and all. At least until a gang of robbers tries to break in and he dispatches each one with his bare hands. He prefers a knife though. I've never seen somebody slit a throat more quickly. He can hold a conversation just fine, be it about the leak your kitchen sink has or the best limb to snap to make somebody talk. We've covered both topics. He will talk at length about the ways to torture someone that he most definitely has not - wink, nudge, etc - used. He will then switch to talk about the waffles he made for his two daughters when he was on leave and how many diapers he had to change.

Juan doesn't talk much. Not anymore, at least. Opposite of Carl. He took a beating when we were on a special mission in the Philippines. I don't know if it's his pride or a sudden language barrier that came out of nowhere, but the most we've gotten out of him since were one word answers. If he was part of any other squad, he would have been discharged for those injuries. We don't get Purple Hearts here. Shit happens and then you wipe and get right back to it. Don't call Juan John. He will beat you worse than he got beat. He says Muay Thai is his specialty. It's really a blend of every martial arts. He speaks every language better than he speaks English and knows as many types of martial arts as he does languages.

Boomer loves bombs. I get the feeling. Everybody loves to look at movies with lots of shooting and explosions. Rambo and Michael Bay don't captivate your attention with nothing. This dude is different. He feels the bombs. Caresses them. Tickles them and traces their every curve like its some sort of seduction until he finds the right wires. He likes to do it better with the lights off. At least that's what he says. And then the bomb is disarmed and off we go. Always let Boomer go up ahead. Always keep your distance, because it only takes once. After that once, it's not his problem anymore.

Manny used to be in the squad. Then I guess he forgot that booby traps are better left untripped. He'll remember next time. Having two functional legs is an unspoken requirement of being in this squad. He no longer meets those requirements even halfway. That's how we got Prince Harold. Just our luck, right? I get the feeling that something more is amiss. Nobody assigns a prince to a special operations unit. It's a death wish, and then you have one heir less and everybody is bitching about prince pieces all over the concrete walls of an enemy compound or about some unrecovered prince corpse deep in the jungles of Central America. But here we are.

Squad Leader Petrovich gave him his usual rundown. "Welcome to the squad," he said. And that was it. Thorough, right? He must have a certain quota of words he can't surpass. Carl smiled at the Prince. Then he bowed. Really? That shit wasn't going to fly.

"Chill out," Prince Harold said with a smile so perfect I don't even think he ever even fell off his bike. "I'm one of you guys now." He was like a piece of uncooked shrimp next to Jaxon and Petrovich. The dudes arms were probably as thick as Petrovich's thumb.

"We're sidelined, aren't we?" Jaxon asked. Harold didn't confirm or deny. It definitely seemed like that's how they would be avoiding picking up little pieces of minced prince off in a foreign land.

"Not quite," he responded and I almost started to kind of like him. "Won't be that way if I can help it." Juan stared at him impassively. Completely emotionless, like when you find a snowman without a mouth and those empty eyes just stare into your soul until you empty a couple rounds into its mushy head.

"Then help it," Petrovich said. A rare show of emotion. Fabulous. His therapist would be proud. He wouldn't tell him that though or he'd get his eyes gouged probably. These men have violent sides, I don't know if you've caught onto that. You don't get here without one. And now we had a prince who would serve like a base-magnet. We wouldn't move. I was skeptical that we would ever see a mission again other than walking the king's puppies down the street. Prince Harold bowed his head. I would guess this type of shit followed him around like the plague.

"Why you here?" Juan snapped. Holy-fucking-shit. He talks. This was serious. I don't think Prince Harold understood the gravity of the situation. I glanced at Carl who looked back at me rather perplexed. We had almost forgotten how surprisingly deep Juan's voice was.

Harold sighed. He looked down at his hands as if they were a book that would clue him in on the secrets of the whims of some commander further up the chain. "I'm here to help, actually," he said finally. "You guys are the best in the business."

"We fuckin' know," Jaxon interrupted. Petrovich growled at him to shut up.

"Well, I happen to know the business. There have been some characters who have been acting up. Princes and presidents and sultans. Their interests don't necessarily line up with ours."

"So what are you here for? We can do this ourselves," Carl said politely. Always polite.

"You're the best, but you're not unique. Every country has squads like you. Some have more than one. I'm here to help you get in. I'm the Diplomat. You guys will do the rest."*****

I woke up as the first light of the morning peeked into the crevice where we lay, our horse standing idly nearby. I took a moment to look at Gaial, resting peacefully and beautifully beside me, before I rose to check that everything was in order before we continued our journey. A black mass atop the peak behind us caught my eye, contrasting sharply with the red sands. 

"Your Highness, wake up. We need to move. The riders are close behind us." I shook her awake with urgency. The horse whinnied and stomped, sensing that something was amiss, and we started moving, desperate to get to the peak of this mountain and perhaps see the city before us. There was a shout in the distance as the riders spotted us, and we stopped, knowing we couldn't outrun them.

"My father taught me the art of the bow. Let me use it, Guide, and you fight them with the sword." I frowned, not convinced of her apparent fighting ability but accepting that there was no other option. I handed her the bow and the arrows and watched as she nimbly tested the weight of the bow in her hands. The riders were upon us in minutes; six men armed with swords, but lightly armored to allow fast travel.

I crouched and growled menacingly, sword in hand. The odds had been more against me before, but now I was fighting to protect her as well as to survive. Our biggest advantage was that they were likely on strict orders to not harm her. She drew back the bowstring as the riders came to a halt in front of us.

"We are here on the orders of King Raxar to take you back," the one in charge said gruffly. I scoffed, and it was his turn to frown as he realized we would not be taken without a fight. "The other groups are less than a day behind us. It's futile to fight. If we don't return, they will know in which direction to find you." He was right, but there was no other option. 

They sent out advance groups in all directions, each with a specific course to search so that if a certain group didn't return, they knew where the target could be found. Even if we managed to kill these six men, the others would be upon us as soon as they realized the group was gone. The commanders acted with complete disregard for the lives of their soldiers, but Raxar drove his men with handsome rewards and prizes to encourage loyalty and efficiency. We just had to hope that the last city was near and that we could get there before they caught up to us.

"Stand down and we will treat you with care, ma'am," the leader spoke again. "As for you, Guide... I can't say the same." I smiled. They must have found the many men I killed throughout the castle and were out for revenge. I spat towards him and he shook his head at me.

I glanced to my left, where she stood, bowstring still taut, ready to fire an arrow into the leader. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him start to lift his sword, giving the order to attack us, and she let the arrow fly. 

He grunted as the arrow flew straight and true into his chest. I was as surprised as the rest of them at her ease with the bow, but I reacted first and with a leap was upon the nearest of them, driving my sword through his belly. He stared at me, as shocked about the sword now releasing his entrails as he was about his leader dying at a lady's hands.

I turned, prepared to block the blow I knew was coming and my sword met sword as one of the men struck downwards towards my head. He grunted, thrown off balance as he expected his sword to meet flesh, and I grabbed his arm and pulled him down, running him through as he hit the ground. Another man fell, an arrow in his back as he spun, trying to decide which of us to confront. 

There were two riders left, and neither looked very interested in losing his life. As they glanced at each other, deciding what to do, she made the decision for them as a well-placed arrow struck one of their necks. The other panicked and turned his horse before galloping away, lost in the vastness of the sands, off to warn his army.

"Grab their horses. We must move quickly before they return." She nodded and soothed the leader's horse before ably mounting it. Clearly I had underestimated her, and it was comforting to know that King Erathron had raised her well, giving her useful skills. 

It must be the benefits of raising a child without a wife, if there were any. The Queen had died giving birth to a third daughter, several years younger than Gaial, who was the eldest. The two younger daughters had been sent off to other parts of the kingdom for their education several months before the King was killed. It was rumored that younger one was now in the last loyal city, but the whereabouts of the middle one were unknown to us. 

"I told you I could fight." She looked shaken from the combat and what were likely her first kills, but spoke with as much bravado as she could muster. 

I nodded. "I am impressed, your Highness. Your father raised you well. We must move." I took the water bags from the dead riders and mounted one of their horses, leaving the bodies to be found by their friends.

We moved quickly now, throwing up a small cloud of sand. There was no use trying to conceal our path. They knew we were headed for the last city through the most direct path, and with the last rider heading back to alert them, they would be upon us in a few hours.

I spurred the horse onwards, Gaial matching my speed. The top of the mountain came quickly now, the tedious pace of the previous day forgotten. As we breached the summit and slowed down to find our bearings, the shimmering glint of the sea greeting us. 

"We made it!" she shouted from beside me, and I nodded. Our journey was not over, but we were close. There, standing in all its splendor near a bay, stood the last city. 

"There's Braestol, your Highness. Less than a day's journey." She nodded and galloped away. I paused for a second and looked behind me as a black mass began to grow, riders pouring over the mountain as they chased us. Unless we encountered an unexpected delay, they shouldn't be able to catch up. 

I spurred onwards, bringing my horse abreast with hers as we galloped towards Braestol, the city by the sea; this last loyal fortress, where I hoped we would find her sisters and enough soldiers to fight Raxar.**[WP] One day, you find a note in your breakfast; one of the guards knows you're innocent and is going to try to help you escape. You aren't innocent.**


















*****

I smiled for the first time in weeks as I unfolded the note slipped under the small loaf of bread, hidden by the napkin that came with my meal each day. I had an ally, it appeared, who thought me to be someone I was not. I rested my back against the cold, hard wall of the small cell, looking out the small, barred window of my prison. I was trapped here, many lengths above the water, the endless freedom of the ocean taunting me in my claustrophobic isolation. The walls of this castle that had always kept our enemies out now served only to keep me in, and I longed for the days when I stood the right-hand man of the rightful King Erathron before these traitors ripped the power and life from his grasp.

I heard footsteps approaching and quickly tore the note to bits and released the shreds out the window. The voice at the door loudly demanded I return the wooden tray upon which my meal had been served, and then quietly asked if I had seen the note. I crawled to the door and spoke to the man through the narrow, rectangular hole in the door through which my meals were handed to me.

"When can we do it?" I asked. I had been stuck in here for far too many moons, this depressing cell driving me ever closer to madness.

My only solace for so long had been the rats, constantly scurrying around the cell, and we had developed a delicate treaty where they would not have their necks snapped if they did not disturb me. I spoke to them, and they spoke back, although the sounds came from my mouth and they were nowhere to be seen by then.

"Tonight," the young voice outside my door responded. He was so young, so easily influenced, more boy than man. I knew as soon as they had assigned him guard duty in the desolate corner of the castle, and he had ranted to me about his unhappiness at such a menial task, that my chance to escape was near. I was a master manipulator, and his conflicted morals and low self-worth made him an easy target, and a valuable ally for as long as I remained prisoner.

I told him my story, or at least the one I had invented in the endless hours alone in the cell. I told him of a family torn away from me by the head of the guards who was bitter because of the beauty of my wife. I told him of the guards waking us up one night and razing my house to the ground and locking me in this dungeon and taking my wife from me, and he believed every word as I told him of a past and a present that was as real as the words the rats said. I convinced him that it was all a huge misunderstanding, that I was just a humble farmer falsely accused of being the most wanted man in the land.

"Three nights from now, you will be with your wife again," he told me, proud of his decision. I smiled to myself, knowing he couldn't see me through the door. There was no wife and this was not an unjust imprisonment by this false king. I was an enemy, through and through; the rightful King's right-hand man, pledged to kill each and every enemy. The most wanted man in the kingdom before my unfortunate capture. More of this king's men had died at my hands than this boy could possibly understand, but somewhere along the way, his anger at how unappreciated he was had made him accept my words as truth.

He slipped me a blunt club and spoke to me through the door. "I will leave the door unlocked tonight after dinner. You need to disable the night guard. Do not kill him, please, for he is a friend." I smiled slyly and nodded even though he could not see me. He continued. "I will be just past the guard post as the bells strike midnight. Cough once the guard is out and the bell has rung twelve and I will come out to greet you. We will make our way to the docks, with me as your escort where you can board an outbound ship and someday return to your family a free man."

I gave my consent to his plan and shifted the club from hand to hand. Just incapacitate the guard? We would see how that went. The plan was sound, but there was nothing for me at sea. The armies loyal to the rightful King were inland, away from the ocean and across the mountains and desert, isolated in the last loyal city. Going to sea would only put me amongst pirates and ruffians, loyal to none. I could easily handle myself at sea, but my plan was not to abandon this cause. 

As promised, the young man left the door unlocked after dinner, and at the eleventh hour I started counting. As the strike of the twelfth hour approached, I slowly opened the door to my cell, the utter darkness concealing my movements. At the end of the hall, a dim flame made the shadows danced as the night guard struggled to stay awake through his shift. I made my way towards him, hidden by the shadows and darkness, until I was close enough to hear his breath. I wrapped my arm around his neck and crushed his windpipe, a gargled sound his last, and I snapped his neck cleanly, like so many other times. 

I quickly donned his armor and weapons, and as the bells rang for the twelfth hour, I coughed softly. My young friend made his way around the corner, oblivious to the danger until I ran him through with the night guard's sword and he crumpled to the ground, shocked. 

"But... I was helping you..." he managed to say, looking at me with pleading eyes, striving to understand why he had been double-crossed. I smiled at him and mercifully put him out of his pain. Dressed in the armor of my enemies, I made my way through the winding corridors of the castle, past countless guards who walked by me without a second glance. 

Deeper into the castle I walked, each turn and passage engraved into my mind. I had spent many years here with the rightful King Erathron before this the false king Raxar had overthrown him. Two men stood guard outside the doors to her chamber, which was more of a glorified prison cell at this point. I dispatched them with ease, the experience of a thousand kills making it seem routine, and I quietly knocked on the door. There was confusion in the face of the true King's daughter as she opened the door to find the two guards dead, but her eyes brightened as she recognized me beneath the helmet. I held a finger to my lips, warning her to stay quiet, and bowed my head.

"Get your things together, your Highness. We need to go. Now."*****

I walked slowly as I led the horse through the dusty, desert landscape, the sand blowing in my eyes but the top of the mountain always in sight. Gaial sat on the horse, leaning over to protect herself from the biting wind, hand on the reins as she drifted from side to side in rhythm with the hoofbeats. The sound was muffled, lost in the vastness of the desert, as were we, two minuscule specks, completely isolated from the rest of the world as we continued our journey. 

Her father, the great King Erathron, had taken me in as a child. I began as a servant, but he recognized potential and nurtured me into a warrior and trusted adviser. I led many convoys across the forests and deserts, guiding them past vicious barbarians whose respect I had fought to earn. They didn't bother me now, and in fact many considered themselves allies of King Erathron, who had insisted on coexisting with them and integrating them into the kingdom. What used to be an occasional raid when they needed supplies had turned into a full-fledged war against this false king Raxar. 

I paused, taking a moment for a sip of water and she gave me a tired smile which I acknowledged with a nod as I bowed my head. I do not speak unless spoken to, and few words passed between us.

"We can rest if you want, Guide," she suggested quietly, barely audible over the wind. 

Few knew my name, and I was content with being known as the Guide. It was, after all, what I did. I guided whoever it may be across the vastness of the kingdom, ensuring their safe arrival. This was the greatest test of them all. I traveled without a map and with limited supplies and weapons we had pillaged from the castle storeroom before escaping to the stables. I had eliminated any resistance along the way, but the trail of deaths would be easy to track and we had the night's travel as a head start, at best.

I shook my head. As long as there was daylight, we traveled. "No, your Highness. We must travel for as long as there is daylight to stay away from them." 

She nodded, confirming my decision, and I took the long end of the reins in my hand again and turn to walk after checking that the straps that held our little food and weapons were secure. She stopped me as I turned. "How far do we have left?"

I shrugged. There was little way of knowing. At the peak of each mountain, I hoped we would see the other ocean before us, but it was futile, these sands as endless as the ocean itself. "Two days? Maybe three? It could be more, your Majesty, or it could be less. I do not know." She grimaced and nodded again, and allowed me this time to begin walking again.

We were making worse time than I usually made, and each trip across the desert meant a different number of peaks to count, and the landmarks were few and far between. The horse was overloaded and we couldn't afford to feed it very much and our preparations for a tedious journey had been minimal.

Our pursuers could not be far behind, and the distractions we had left in the city would only have bought us so much time. I thought that escaping the walls would have been the hard part, but I was much mistaken, and when my horse gave way to the harshness of an ascent, we took to walking speed, now moving at barely a crawl as the horse she rode struggled and I pulled with as much effort as I could. 

Many times she offered to walk or suggested I ride instead of her, but I could not allow myself to disrespect her in that manner. So instead, I walked and she rode, each lost in our thoughts of how we had come to where we now were, somewhere in this desolate desert, in each other's company but as lonely as could be.

The peak of the mountain loomed over us as the sun started to hide behind it. The sand thrown up by the wind created small vortices that played and spun before disappearing, as small and inconsequential as us. The shadow engulfed us and the cold set in and I slowed as we sought out a place to spend the night. A small crevice seemed as hospitable a place as any and I helped her off the horse and removed the saddle to use as a pillow. 

I fingered the bow we had stolen for a moment and looked towards where we had come from, the city many mountains behind us, and I thought of the men on horseback chasing us, desperate to capture her. She claimed she could handle a sword, but the two of us against a platoon of men didn't stand a chance. I could fight quite well, but I was just another mortal. 

She lay down and I lay next to her, pulling her close to me, sharing our warmth. It was a concession I had grudgingly made the first night so that we wouldn't freeze to death in the desert night. In my eyes, it felt disrespectful, but was crucial to our survival.

"Do you know we are going the right direction?" she asked timidly, not wanting to offend me with doubts.

I nodded. "Yes, your Highness. I am the Guide. I know the map of your kingdom like the back of my hand. We are headed towards the great sea and the last city where we will find your allies and take back what is rightfully yours."

She nodded, seemingly content with my answer, and drifted off to sleep. I lay awake for a few moments, basking in the vastness of the desert. I had always been the Guide, the rightful King's right-hand man, leading him back and forth across his kingdom until he passed, murdered in cold blood. It was different then though, when we had guards with us and didn't need to worry about food or water. That was before they infiltrated his ranks and conspired against him before assassinating him in the safety of his own castle and opened the gates to our enemies. 

Raxar ruled now, a cruel and calculated man who had always wanted to call himself king. I had fought against him, killing many of his men in ambushes around the capital and sabotaging supplies, but he had captured me and sentenced me to be executed. The boy had helped me escape though, and now we were approaching the safety of the last city, where our allies would unite behind Gaial to retake the kingdom.

I closed my eyes, picturing the map in my head, from the beautiful valleys now behind us, through this treacherous desert, over mountains and through canyons, to the sea where the last of the loyal cities stood, an army ready to fight for her to the last man. Of course I was heading in the right direction. I am leading my Queen, and I am the Guide.**[WP]As a vampire you've always found an Open House as an easy opportunity to cross a threshold to feed on foolish mortals. But the place is charming, the master bedroom is lovely, the colors look great against the hardwoods, the neighbors seem nice, and the house is suprisingly within your budget...**

*****

"Come on, Harvey, you're not here to buy a house. You're here to find victims," I grumbled to myself. I was standing in a beautiful, dimly-lit dining area with the granite counter-tops of the kitchen on one side and open to a tastefully decorated family room on the other. It was tempting. It really was. It was all about those open floor plans and having all the finishes nowadays and this house seemed to have everything I was looking for. It even had things I didn't realize I wanted, like a tasteful, jet-black tile backsplash that seemed to try to absorb all the light out of the room.

I had been saving up for quite a while now, at least by human standards. I could comfortably afford a down payment and still have enough leftover to do some renovation work. Maybe I could add a cellar or expand the basement. Interest rates were low. The market was hot. This was almost as tempting as the realtor was. If only I had saved up more gold around the turn of the previous centuries, I could have just bought it outright.

The last place that had tempted me like this had been a castle off in the middle of Romania. It was too remote though - hard to get victi... visitors out there - and I had opted to just keep living in my parents' basement, gradually saving up. Plus, I could use all that spare time that I didn't spend doing laundry or cooking or being a functional member of society out here lurking at open houses and gorging myself on blood.

"I'm sorry, did you say something?" the realtor asked me from the kitchen. She had been writing something on a notepad but now frowned and looked up at me. I eyed the plate of still-warm cookies on the lovely granite counter-top beside her. Between you and me, as good as those cookies looked, they weren't what I wanted to sink my teeth into.

"I was just saying how the houses here are a lovely vision," I responded awkwardly, stumbling over my words. It wasn't far from the truth. The fly - er, I mean drive - in had offered me sights of lovely houses and well-kept lawns and as I walked up the driveway, the neighbor had smiled and waved. Friendly neighborhood and friendly neighbors meant plenty of invitations. Just what a lonely, blood-thirsty vampire such as myself needs.

She smiled back at me politely. Of course she did. She was the town's star realtor. She could probably smell the sale as much as I could taste the blood. My mouth was watering. "Oh, yes," she answered bashfully as if I was complimenting the prominence of her veins or the taste of her blood. "It really is a pleasant road, isn't it?"

I nodded. "Lovely throat, yes it is," I mumbled, my eyes fixed on her flawless neck, fortunately bare of any religious jewelry that could impede my approach. She frowned, maybe thinking she had misheard me again. From this distance, it might have looked like I was making eye contact. I had to focus. But it was hard...wood floors, the master bedroom had a spacious, windowless bathroom that would ensure I could poop for as long as I desired without worrying about the rising sun. "Can I see the basement?" I asked her excitedly. She gave me an odd look but was too polite to question my enthusiasm. Business was business, after all. I would be spending the vast majority of my time down there so it was important that it be perfect.

"Sure," she said hesitantly. I noticed how this time she let me walk before her. I was off my game. Normally I would be asking how many people were expected at the open house. I would be lurking in the shadows and picking off couples that wandered away from the realtor. And then, as she was locking up at the end of the open house, I would get her. Finally satisfied, I would disappear into the evening. But this house... I did some mental math to figure out what my mortgage payment would be.

"The foundation seems sturdy," I commented as we descended into the colder basement. The walls weren't caving and there was no sign of moisture. "Perfect for hiding bodies."

"I'm sorry?" I heard her stop a couple steps behind me.

"I said that it has plenty of character for anybody."

"Oh." She continued walking and I breathed a sigh of relief. "I thought I heard something else." I smiled politely, making sure my fangs didn't pop out. I marveled at the basement in darkness until she turned on the lights, giving me another perplexed look. I didn't risk telling her that I preferred it with the lights off. She might have taken it the wrong way.

Then I turned towards her, admiring her smooth skin and her flushed face and... An unfinished part of the basement? Could it be more perfect? I gaped at her, shrugging at how helplessly I had been seduced by this lovely house. "So what's the catch? Why hasn't this been bought in today's housing market?"

"It used to be an old morgue," she explained reluctantly, pointing towards the unfinished part of the basement. "It's been scaring people away."

I suppressed a grin. "I'll take it."**[WP] WritingPrompt: A man asks you in a shakey voice if you're alright. You hesitantly say yes, to which he responds by getting a look of terrified horror and screams "I knew it! You can see them too! Don't let them get you!"**

*****

He asked me if I was alright. His eyes were fixed on mine. "Yes," I answered, suppressing a sly grin.

His eyes went first. "I knew it," he mumbled. And then he started to yell. "You can see them, too." He pulled at the restraints. He fumbled over his words. He fought some invisible force.

Maybe it was my hesitancy. Maybe it was the look I gave him. Either way, it was enough to trigger him - enough to let him know that maybe he was a little less crazy than he seemed - and the guards strapped him into the straight-jacket and dragged him away. I took a note in my notebook, filled with over a year of scribbles now. Always the same result. Always the same reaction. And try as I might, I could never figure out the pattern. I could never figure out what they sought. I just let them do what they wanted. I just did as I was told. "Male, thirty one years old... As of today." Unfortunate birthday for him, to say the least. Hopefully by his next one we would figure out how to stabilize him. "Nervous, bloodshot eyes, complaining that they're all around him. Delusions and paranoia."

The director listened to my report keenly. "They've all been male?" I shook my head. There had been about two dozen females. Their reactions were just less dramatic. Less virulent. More controlled. I wasn't sure why the effectiveness was so different. "Age?" No pattern there. I swatted at a fly that buzzed near my ear, used to the motion by now. It landed on his sweaty forehead. He didn't notice. I stared, captivated as the tiny creature feasted on his salty secretions. "Patrick?" I snapped out of it.

"No patterns," I repeated. Even the computers couldn't figure out the patterns, at least not anything indicating any type of strong correlation. At least not anything more than they were supposed to. The patients were from all walks of life; young and old, poor and rich, white and black and everything in between. The fly paced up his forehead, onto his balding head. Another had joined it, two companions stalking their way to their goal. He wiped at his forehead, as if he was vaguely aware of the creatures helping themselves to the banquet. I knew he wasn't. He wouldn't be here with me if he was. And I wouldn't be here with them if they knew what I knew.

I had had several close calls. Once I swatted at a fly while I sat in the interrogation room across from a patient. The patient's eyes had gone wide. They had pulled against the restraints that held them to the chair. They had screamed. They had begged for mercy. They had begged me to tell the world they were real. But I didn't. I couldn't. I ended that session; I had them gagged and bound and thrown into solitary where they could lay in darkness, straining and drooling until they were feeble-minded and entirely unreliable. There were three flies now. They were gathered near the top of his skull. I stared at them in morbid fascination. It never got old. I could almost see my reflection on his head.

"Patrick," he said again. He was impatient. We had far too many patients to waste time. I was distracted, my eyes fixed on the mechanical little ritual he was completely unaware of. "They have no sign of infection. There is nothing noticeably wrong with them, other than their behavior. We don't know what came over them but it's always the same. It's like something else entirely has taken control." He was disturbingly close. The patients were often admitted involuntarily, thrust into our possession by worried family members or enraged pedestrians. "Don't let them get you," they would say. So I was careful. When they came near, I would swat and duck into a bathroom or casually put on a ball-cap. I knew what to look for. I wasn't supposed to be a target, but it was just in case. I didn't want to have to go through all that again. And then the first of the flies was gone, boring its way into the top of his skull. I smiled with satisfaction.

"No, sir," I answered. "No other symptoms." I had met the director in the interview process. We had quickly bonded. Of course we had. I had been meticulously briefed on his every interest; I had read his favorite books and tracked his favorite sports teams and begun to frequent his favorite restaurants. Plus, I had come with glowing recommendations. Several stints in a number of different facilities, all employments confirmed by phone calls. Of course my resume had been vetted and then vetted again. But it was solid. There were no cracks in the story. We were more careful than that. And now it was just a matter of keeping hold of the people who saw through it all. I had almost begun to like him. I would miss him. But it was necessary.

"Patrick?" He was nervous. The sweat had started to dissipate. Sweating was not a symptom. "Patrick?" he repeated, his voice a little more labored. "You can see them too?" He was desperate now. I could see it in his eyes. I had worked with enough patients to know the moment it took hold. Not the patients here; the patients we had in the lab in the development process. The patients who had made this all possible, God rest their souls, as we stumbled our way through the beta versions. "Patrick?" He was yelling now. He felt trapped in his own head, his arms and legs no longer in his control. His mind would be next. The straight-jackets weren't necessary. They were just traditional.

I pressed the button for the intercom. "I'll need a little help here," I said with faked urgency. "We have another case." I knew the guards would enter with the straight-jacket ready. They would look at him sadly, another colleague afflicted. I knew they would put him in one of the countless cells in the belly of the building. I knew that the position would now be empty and our grasp would become a little more firm. I knew that the tiny little things buzzing in my pocket were hungry for another strike and I patted the pocket gently to let them know that they would soon be unleashed.*****

"All rise for the Queen." I rose, bowing my head as the newly crowned Queen Gaial entered the room. She looked beautiful, her brown hair flowing down her shoulders, dressed in armor made especially for her.

"Sit," she commanded, and we did. She found her spot at the head of the table and looked at each of us. Borlor, head of the fortress of Braestol, sat to her right. The position was one more of gratitude for his loyalty than any type of trust, and we both knew this. He eyed me suspiciously, and I met his gaze, unblinking. He was a large, bearded man who occupied two seats; a highly skilled and feared fighter who was said to fight with an unmatched lust for blood. He had been King Erathron's head guard for many years until he was finally given trust of his own army and moved to Braestol to control one of the further reaches of the kingdom. He took with him his trusted men, and Raxar had planted the seed of treason in those named as replacements. Borlor made it clear that he didn't trust me and was convinced that I played a part in Erathron's betrayal. He spent his days now killing riders and chasing away the barbarians who pestered the people outside the city. 

It had been years, and word of my actions against Raxar would surely have reached Borlor, but clearly doubt remained. The cities had fallen one by one, their leaders backing the new king Raxar. But it was known across the land that Raxar had trouble in his own home as my group of men sabotaged his projects and killed countless soldiers. We stayed around the capital, a constant nuisance, forcing him to send thousands of men on wild chases in futile attempts to capture us. He had finally succeeded when we got too daring and tried to rescue Gaial from the heart of the capital. I smiled to myself, knowing I had succeeded, although not quite in the manner I would have liked. The few survivors from my group remained imprisoned somewhere in the kingdom, and it had taken months of my own imprisonment to finally free her.

To Gaial's left sat the younger of the sisters, who we had found to be safe in the city. The middle sister was said to be back where Raxar came from. Raxar belonged to the people on the other side of the capital, out of the reach of the old kingdom, where it snowed all the time and the mountains were cold and impassable and icy behemoths roamed, killing all travelers. I had never been there, and none of the others had either. Few people had, and even less returned. Now, the kingdom all belonged to them, as Raxar had claimed rule over the land of ice as well as Erathron's kingdom. 

I sat beside the sister, and to my left sat Glor, barbarian leader. Glor's men had intercepted us as we rode along the sea, trying to escape Raxar's riders who were rapidly gaining ground. He had recognized me from the many trips across his land I had taken, and had turned to fight against the riders as we reached the safety of the city. He sat with us now, an ally, his troops pledged to the fight against Raxar.

At the rest of the table sat leaders of various regional tribes, each allies of the former King Erathron, now allies of Queen Gaial.  All now turned their attention to the queen. 

"Thank you all for being here," she began, and they nodded and grunted their assent. "We are each here for our own reasons, united by our hatred for Raxar, the false king." Glor, mighty brute that he was, now spat on the ground and I raised my hand to calm him. Borlor cast him an icy glare, past transgressions causing tensions between the two men. Glor's raids often involved pillaging local farms and caravans, and although he took care to not kill any of Borlor's men, he caused them many annoyances. 

Gaial frowned and continued, well aware of the differences between the various parties present. She turned to Borlor, requesting a summary of the city's defenses and resources. 

"The walls are firm and will withstand any attack. The sands around the city will not allow siege machines to pass over them, so we are safe so long as we keep the bay clear of enemies." He began to read through the stockpile of goods that the city had but Gaial interrupted.

"We will not be defending." A murmur went around the table and several nodded in agreement.

"Your Majesty, we have no way to attack." Borlor began. "We barely have enough men to defend the city, and any trip through the desert will result in many casualties." Gaial frowned, and I frowned, too. He was right.

An army big enough to retake a city would be an easy target as we made our way across the desert. We would lose many men to raids from the riders, and even more would be lost to the brutality of nature. Even if we managed, we would leave Braestol undefended and Raxar had enough men to simultaneously attack the city while defending from our attacks. An attack through the desert was not an option. 

"The capital is weak by sea." They all turned towards me now. My little cell had had a perfect view of the bay, and the navy was small and decrepit. Under Erathron, it had been a powerful force, but the captains had scuttled their ships in protest when Raxar took power and no effort had been made to repair the ships. The bay was less protected than Braestol's, and the city itself was unwalled on the side of the bay. Reefs made the entrance dangerous, but if we could find one of the captains familiar with the area, we should be able to navigate through. 

"We have no ships, Guide. Look at us. We are surrounded by desert. Just the river allows us to live here. There are no resources other than those we can grow. All wood must be purchased, and with the rest of the kingdom hostile, we have no way to bring the wood in, much less the knowledge to build a fleet of seaworthy ships." Borlor was right again.

"The Oqaens." We turned towards the sound. It was Renea, Erathron's youngest daughter, just a dozen winters old. Gaial prompted her to continue. She did, timidly. "Father always spoke of them. They are across the ocean, past the Isle of Stones, in a land prettier than all the others. They have ships and know how to fight. Father always said he wanted to visit before he passed, but he never did." 

"She's right." The table turned back towards me. "I saw them once, when I was at sea. The ships are faster than any other I have seen, and they make them the color of the ocean to be invisible until it's too late. If we can convince them to fight with us, we can attack by sea while the tribes attack by land." Glor nodded beside me and loudly stomped his feet, receiving a stern look from Gaial, which caused him to turn red with embarrassment. 

She took a minute to assess the situation and then spoke, slowly and deliberately. "Guide, you will be convincing them to join our cause." I nodded and she continued. "I am sure there is enough wood for a single ship in the city, so find a way to make one. Pick your crew carefully. You will have fifty men, all counted. Borlor, work with him to ensure he has the best." Borlor nodded reluctantly as he looked towards me. 

Gaial continued. "Leaders of the tribes." A chorus of grunts responded. "You are to continue your raids on Raxar's men but you are not to touch Borlor's men or any resources that belong to Braestol. Anything you get from Raxar's men, you may keep for yourselves on the condition that you bring your tribes towards the city. Borlor will take leave of his post as leader of the fortress and will work to train your people for an attack on a walled city. Borlor, find someone to take charge of the city defenses." Borlor sighed deeply, frustrated at having to work with the barbarians but accepting this role of higher responsibility. "You are all dismissed. Guide, Borlor, stay." 

The leaders filed out of the room, bowing as they passed Gaial, who nodded in response, until only the three of us remained. She turned towards us. "You both know that the barbarians will lose thousands attacking the walls." We nodded. Somebody had to do it. "That is fine with me. They are a nuisance during times of peace and erratic during times of war. Better their men than ours." We nodded again. "However, there aide is crucial to our success. Borlor, you are to begin preparations as soon as the tribes arrive. Train them well, because we do not have enough men for a second attack, and we very well may lose their allegiance if we lose the battle." He nodded and she dismissed him.

"Guide." I nodded. We were alone in the room, still sitting. "I want you to start looking for supplies today, and find the best of the best men to accompany you. We don't have much time before Raxar launches his own attack, so I need you to go and come quickly." I nodded, and a look of sadness crossed over her face. 

"Your Majesty?" 

She sighed before continuing. "Be careful, please. Renea remembers you as the last of my father's men. And I need you to return safely. The attack cannot occur without the Oqaens. And without you, I cannot control these tribes and none of us will know how to proceed. Please, return safely."

"Yes, your Majesty. I hope to be back before the third moon. If that is all, I will go begin my duties." 

She nodded and I rose to leave. A light touch on my arm stopped me as I walked by her. "Thank you, Guide."

I bowed slightly as she stood. "You are the rightful Queen, your Majesty. We will beat Raxar and you will have your kingdom."**[WP] While jogging through the park, you find a small token on the ground with 'F12' etched on the front. When you give it a small squeeze, words and numbers appear in your view. You have found the developer token for this reality, allowing you to view the source code and statistics of everything.**

*****

I feel a bit guilty about this, but my first thought when I squeezed the F12 token and saw the developer tools for the universe appear in front of me was if there was an Alt and an F4 laying around somewhere so that I could end this whole miserable existence. Alas, that didn't seem to be the case and I had read-only permissions for the source code and statistics of... Well, to be honest, of everything. So I did what any anti-social loner like myself would do and I bunkered down in my apartment, opened my front blinds for the first time in weeks and I began to observe my neighbors and delve into the most obscure minutiae of their lives.

It's really less creepy than it sounds, trust me. It's not like I'm some peeping Tom looking in the blinds while the girl next door showers - at least not regularly. It was nothing physical like that. I was just looking into her dating history, her interests and hobbies, what her plans for the future were and her overall compatibility as a partner if I were to shape up and fix my life.

And fixing my life became a whole lot easier. I suddenly knew what my boss was looking for. I realized that my female peers were not getting promoted because they were willing to get down on their knees but because they were significantly more capable and friendly than me. Apparently, not reeking of BO and not coming to work dressed in sweatpants helps too. Oh, and doing actual work was not frowned upon. Soon enough, I felt like maybe I was getting the hang of things.

And once I felt like I maybe fit a loose definition of a rather put-together human, I casually bumped into her as she was coming back from yoga, and then I was asking her out to that hipster coffee shop across the street that she happened to love. What a coincidence, right?

When you know every last detail about a person, it's a whole lot easier to charm them, I have to admit. It's also a whole lot easier to get along with them and to avoid needless arguments and to stretch the relationship longer than any I had ever had before. You see, it's a lot easier to suppress my paranoia when I can easily check to see how many times she has cheated and, if the number is still at 0, then there was no issue. And I could see how many texts she had sent and a breakdown of who she sent them to. I could see what she wanted for her birthday before she even knew what she wanted for her birthday. It took away a lot of the mystery, but that's not a problem. I like being in control.

I think I got cocky. I can't see any other explanation. I thought I knew how things worked, but humans are fickle beings. I should have kept checking to see how she would react to me saying certain things. When I showed her what happened when I squeezed that little F12 token, I saw that she wasn't looking at the developer tools. She wasn't looking at the source code and the statistics that peppered the holographic display in front of us. She was looking past it, towards the past, thinking about all those little things I had ever done to make her smile and all the times I had ever surprised her, down to the very first time we met. I saw the tears in her eyes. There was no denying that I had spied and snooped into every last part of her life from long before we met in person. Our relationship was as organic as a Cheeto. She didn't need statistics or source code to figure that one out.[WP] You brace yourself for the worst as the witch tells you the effects of the curse she just placed on you. As she finishes, you blink. "So...what's the downside again?"

*****

I braced as the witch described the curse to me. Then I blinked and stared at her blankly. "So... what's the downside again?"

She scoffed. "Ha! Foolish mortal. You fail to understand the consequences of your actions!" That much was true. I had gone on a bender, downing shot after shot. Thankfully, I chose to walk home. I don't know if I got lost or what, but apparently I peed on her magic bush - a plant, that is, don't get any weird ideas - and then passed out on her lawn. I awoke the next morning already cursed. At least that's what she told me. "You've crossed me for the last time," she said with a cackle. As far as I knew, this was our first encounter, but I was in no position to argue as I laid on the grass with my pants around my ankles. "You'll regret this," she muttered and then the door to her little shack slammed shut and I stumbled to my feet, my head pounding from last night's debauchery. I thought back to her curse, trying to figure out what exactly she was cursing me with.

I curse you with the misfortunes of abundant portions, and with countless groin so you will never join and thus you will mourn that no son shall be born.

After a few minutes of ambling about her yard, I gave up. There was no figuring this out. I needed a bathroom and I needed answers, not cryptic riddles and curses. "Ms. Witch," I said loudly, pounding on her door. I knew she could hear me. I saw the curtains crack open and shut just as quickly. "Ms. Witch," I repeated and finally on the fifth set of knocks the door creaked open.

"What do you want, you peasant pond scum?" Ouch? I wondered how old she was. She looked to be about a hundred but who knows with witches. Maybe she was about a thousand. That type of insult seemed like it would have gone out of style around the time she was born.

"I'm just a bit... confused." She stared at me with those little weasel eyes. She reeked of moth balls. She was that kind of old lady. "Did you curse me or bless me?"

"I cursed you," she snapped. She started to close the door but I blocked it with my foot.

"Right, of course." I rolled my eyes. We had already established that. "What exactly is the curse behind abundant portions and lots of groins? Those both sound great."

She shook her head. Apparently they weren't supposed to sound great. "Your wife will hate you. Your family will abandon you. You will never have a son." Alright, hold up. This lady was clearly more confused than I was. I don't have a wife. I don't want kids. My family would love some money. I think our mutual confusion finally came to light and her face softened. "Are you not the boy who used to chase my cats?" I shook my head. "Oh, my..." she muttered and she let the door swing all the way open and she kind of shuffled into the darkness of her hut. It smelled even worse than she did. "Sit," she commanded. She offered me a cup of... something. I refused. I was already cursed, I didn't want to be poisoned too. Unless her poison was equally ineffective... "He was a thin little boy," she began. I sat back. I was in for a long story. "That is why I cursed you to be plump. He always spoke of that girl he liked, said he wanted to catch a cat for her. He chose one of my cats, of course. That is why I cursed you with so many groins, so that no woman would want to marry you. And of course, in this day and age, a son is the only way a man can make a legacy."

"Is it?" I was not aware that today, in the twenty-first century, a son was a requirement. And with Tinder being all the rage, a lot of groins seemed like my right-swipes and DMs would finally be met with something other than unmatches.

"Do you know the boy? I think his name was Arthur Dillingsly." The name sounded vaguely familiar, like something that would have been taught in my history class when they covered the origins of the town, hundreds of years ago. Oh, right. The elementary school was named after him. Apparently as a kid he was a little shit, chasing this old lady's cats.

"I... Uh... He died." Her face brightened. Morbid. "He died like, five hundred years ago." Her face darkened again. I flinched, preparing for another curse. Or, worse, for her to reverse this curse.

"I think I've made a terrible mistake," she murmured to herself, shaking her head. I disagreed. This sounded like it would work out pretty well for me. "Let me uncurse you," she said and she stood to make her way to her spellbook.

"Wait, no." I stopped her. She looked at me in confusion. "Can I keep the curse? It's been a little while since those things you cursed were bad." She shrugged now.

"Have it your way," she said with a shrug and then she walked me to her door.

"Which way to the city?" I asked. I'm not sure why I asked. She didn't seem like she had left her house since Arthur was around several hundred years ago. I could probably figure it out or just call an Uber.

She looked at me strangely and then pointed to the left. "That way, of course. Towards the castle." I glanced that way. In the distance, I saw a castle that was definitely not there when I got to the bars yesterday.**[WP] You were drinking with friends one day when you decided to have some fun and got a restraining order on Death. The court played along and got you the restraining order. The next day, you survived an injury that should've killed you.**

*****

I don't like to say I'm immortal - I'd rather call it injury-resistant or something that discourages people from taking potshots at me with a .22 or trying to hit me with their car. It was a joke. At least at first. We were just drinking, chatting shit and the topic of restraining orders came up. Most of them talked about some crazy ex-girlfriend or a mother-in-law they would rather not see anymore. I don't have anybody like that. Mostly because I don't have anybody, but silver linings and all that I guess. These guys are shitheads, they wouldn't move an inch for me unless I was about to drop a bottle. C'est la vie. So I said Death. And that got us thinking about everything we would do if we were immortal. All the hell we'd raise and all the beer we'd drink and all the objectively not-constructive activities we would partake in if there was no risk of death. So the next day I wandered down to the courthouse, because what else would you do on a Saturday morning when your friends are all trying to sleep off a hangover? I told them I'd like a restraining order on Death and voila, "here you are," said the judge and he handed me the paper.

"That's that?" I asked. He nodded. Simple as that. It was that night when we were back on the patio drinking that I noticed a difference. "I got a restraining order today," I bragged and my friends hooted and hollered.

"First one?"

I nodded. "I got a restraining order against Death." They went silent. They glanced at each other. And then they started laughing until their stomachs hurt and a couple of them even puked. I showed them the paper. They called me a dumb-ass. Fair is fair. And we just kept drinking. I took a few shots - maybe a few dozen, not that we were keeping count. And then when every last bottle was empty, I went ahead and drank the mouthwash. I was on a different level of drunk and as soon as I swallowed they went silent and shit got serious. "I'm fine," I insisted but I could tell they were prepping to call emergency services. I woke up the next morning hungover but no worse than normal and my useless friends who had refused to call an ambulance looked at me in awe.

"You drank the bottle of mouthwash," they said. I couldn't tell if it was a complaint because they would have liked some to cure their foul breath or if they were saying it in admiration. I opted for the latter. I had puked my guts out, but that's par for the course. C'est la vie. "You legit got that restraining order?" Danny asked and I nodded. I was looking for his reaction so I didn't notice someone creeping up behind me and then a bottle broke across my head and I was reeling and my head was spinning.

"What the fuck," I cursed and I felt the warm blood pouring down my back. I felt my head. Squishy. Brain or broken skull, don't ask me. Not a doctor. But I was fine, other than the gaping wound.

"What the fuck yourself," they answered and psycho Frank had their full support. The knives came next and I couldn't fight them all off. I felt the pain as the blades slipped between my ribs and through my organs. The clothes would need to be dry-cleaned or tossed, that was a pity. But then I was fine and now they were scared. Frank was the first to go and I let him keep stabbing my stomach as I gouged his eyes and bashed in his head. Charlie was next and I discovered that it was in fact squishy brain I must have felt as I broke bottle after bottle across his head. The others cleared ran, not even bothering to help with clean-up.

"So that's a confession?" the detective asked and I shrugged. Self-defense had been laughed off. I didn't have a mark on me and a half-dozen people were dead. I wouldn't quite call it a spree but again, not a lawyer or a cop so I'm not familiar with the official jargon. It was more like practice, looking at it now, and the detective didn't seem to like that wording. I told him about the eye-witness to all the events. The dude who would agree that it was self-defense. "Tall, bony dude in black robes?" I beamed and nodded. That was him! "Similar to the personification of Death common to fantasy television tropes?" Damn. He was mocking me. I had a knack for figuring out when people weren't taking me seriously and I was really getting that vibe with this guy.

"Not sure where you'll put me that I won't get out," I said and he chuckled.

"Don't worry, we'll find a place." Sure, until I climbed a fence and ignored them shooting at me because the bullets couldn't hurt me. He buzzed in the guards. "He's tripping bad," the detective told them. "Thinks he's invincible and all that. Classic meth mentality. Make sure he's in solitary." I gaped at him. He hadn't heard a word I had said. All he had to do was stroll down to the courthouse and they would corroborate my restraining order and then all the pieces would fall into place. He looked at me pensively. "We'll find you a place," he said and then he tapped the table twice and they dragged me away to solitary.

"You shouldn't be here," I said when I saw the robed dude chilling in the corner of my cell. Solitary was for solitude and all I wanted was some goddamn peace and quiet without somebody trying to shank me. Plus, five hundred yards or something, right? "Where were you when I needed an eye-witness?" I thought about calling a guard but they were always calling me crazy. "C'est la vie," I mumbled.

"Stop saying that shit," Death barked at me and he rubbed his bony temples as if I was giving him a headache. "Life isn't supposed to be like this. You're supposed to die."

"So kill me," I taunted and I swear I saw that bony bitch's bitterness nearly boil over.

"I. Can't," he enunciated furiously. "You fucked it up. You just had to go and get that restraining order. Look what good it did you. Locked up in here for good."

"For good? It was self-defense." He rolled his eye-sockets. Trust me. It happened.

"Self-defense, my ass. You murdered them in cold-blood."

"After they tried to kill me." He shook his head. Apparently self-defense might have applied for Frank. Charlie was a little iffier. The other four were apparently just cold-blooded murder, pardon my newly-learned legalese. "So why are you here?" Surely he had other things he could be doing. Like killing people.

"I need a hand," he said finally.

"Sure, have mine. I don't need them in here anyways," I joked and held my hands out and he tapped a bony index finger against his leg impatiently. Not one for jokes, this Death dude. I think he's just salty I got that restraining order. The guys were saying their ex-girlfriend's acted the same way.

"Keep your fucking hands to yourself," he ordered. "Don't touch me. I can't be caught violating a court order." I laughed. Salty was right. "I need your help. There are too many people for me to go around killing. You have a knack for it so I want you to kill people for me."

"What's in it for me?" He stared at me as if he had seen a talking potato. It's hard to shock Death but apparently the immense stupidity of my question did it.

"I'll get you out of here, dumb-ass." I shrugged. That sounded decent enough. That toilet-sink-kitchen contraption just wasn't cutting it for me. I was used to the finer things in life like a separate toilet for pooping. I could deal with peeing in the sink, but this was too much.

"Deal," I said and I held out my hand to shake. He flinched and backed away from me. Right, no touching. "So how's it work? Can I just kill whoever?"

He nodded a bit reluctantly. "Basically. You know how they say Death sneaks up on you, Death is random and all that?" Sure. People all shapes and sizes and colors were dying all the time. "Well, it wasn't always that way but the paperwork got tedious. Now I kill whoever, whenever. So you're hired."My death was as quick and unsatisfying as my life. Everything went black, as if I had finally fallen into the most peaceful sleep, and then I was rudely jarred awake by a presence standing over me. It was an old man; not the old decrepit kind that go to die at geriatric wards but the who still had that iron old man grip and eyes that bore right through you. His hair was white and shaggy, his face etched in wrinkles and scars and he looked me straight in the eyes as he knelt over me. "You're dead," he started simply. Well, fuck. That was my first reaction. I had drawn a cruel hand of cards and life hadn't ever really added up to everything people said it would. He wasn't done though. "You're not safe. None of us are." He handed me a knife, pressing the hilt into my hand. As he released it, the blade sliced a thin line across his calloused hand. "Take this," he said, ignoring the rivulet of blood that fell onto the dirt floor. "Be careful with spirits you trust, and never speak to anybody if you can't see your eyes."

With that, he glanced around nervously and disappeared. He didn't disappear like the mailman does after dropping off a birthday package you didn't want or the way a father disappears for cigarettes, ambling down the street never to return. He just stepped into the darkness and he was gone, dissolving as quickly as my optimism towards life once had. I glanced around. Skulls and skeletons lay scattered amongst the toppled walls of the mud hut, as if reiterating to me that this place wasn't safe. I rose shakily to my feet, and then I stepped outside into the ruins of a once affluent town, cloaked in a grey fog or mist that made my clothes stick to my skin like a shirt after a day at the beach. A shadowy figure disappeared behind a distant building and I shuddered and walked that way, much preferring to confront my enemy than have it hunt me.

I wondered what I could have done in my brief and miserable life to deserve a fate as cruel and ambiguous as this one. I hadn't been a bad person, but neither had I been particularly good. I wasn't mean, but I wasn't quite nice. I didn't love many people, but I didn't hate many people either. Maybe this was for people like me who didn't quite deserve the damnation of Hell but didn't quite obtain the scores to reach Heaven.

I shrugged, shuddering as a dry breeze chilled me to my core and then a spirit was materializing in front of me, its remnants completing their journey through my body. It turned to face me, its eyes meeting my own. I took that to mean I could trust it, because the old man had told me so. "Welcome," it hissed, its voice barely above a sinister whisper. Somehow still it echoed, bouncing off the walls of the abandoned hellscape and careening down the main roadway in little wisps that twisted and spun. Again I saw a shadow disappear behind a building, this time a little closer, and I clutched the knife a little stronger, hoping it was imbued with some sort of power that would help me fight the evil spirits of wherever I had wound up. "Join me for a drink?" it offered, nodding towards a tavern. I could use a drink, that was for sure. Maybe more than one, if that would help me forget death as easily as it helped me forget life. I wondered what they served in this cursed in-between; maybe flat Pepsi or something not quite poisonous but laced with laxatives.

We stepped into the tavern, one of the swinging doors sitting askew of its hinges and the other stuck open. Neither swung. A human - or perhaps a former human, if that's what I was - sat at a poker table, shuffling a deck of cards over and over again and then dealing them to the empty table. Each time he dealt the same cards appeared and he would collect them all and begin to shuffle again. He glanced at me when I entered, giving me a curt nod. Near him was a pool table forgotten mid-game. All the balls were black and the felt was thick with dust.

At the bar sat the shadowy figure, hood raised to conceal its eyes and the hilt of a slender scythe peeking out between its robes. If that was Death, I would avoid meeting him. And if he did not meet my eyes, I would avoid meeting him regardless of who he was. The bartender was reaching for a bottle of whiskey on the top shelf, stretching out a long, pale arm. "I'll have one of those on the rocks," I said simply to the back of his head. He grabbed the bottle and poured a glass. I was unsure if I would have to pay or if the friendly spirit that had bumped through me would pay or if I would have to use the knife to pay but he cleared any doubts from my mind.

"It's on the house," he said as he turned and I stared into those empty eye sockets, the holes a mesmerizing void. "And in return there's a little something you can do for me."**[WP] They arrived not with a bang, but with a whisper. By the time we knew they had taken over, it was already too late. They have taken over the minds of the populous, rendering humanity unable to resist their otherworldly control. Only a few of us remain, and we are running out of time.**

*****

They arrived not with a bang, but with the whisper of a quiet buzz, followed by the whispers of the mechanical boring as they entered our heads. I watched it happen, countless times. They took over the minds of the populous, rendering humanity unable to resist their control. Only a few of us remain. I think we're running out of time.

"You see them too?" I dreaded the question. It was the first sign that the contagion had found another victim. I've seen colleagues infected. I've seen family members infected. I've seen thousands of people infected. Some struggle as they become infected. Those are the ones I was tasked to deal with. They scream and panic and fight. We wanted the quiet ones; the ones who didn't even notice what had happened and who simply went about their monotonous lives as if nothing had changed. And in a way, nothing had. Except that at any moment, we knew we could flip a switch and take control.

"Hold on," I hissed. With a pair of tweezers I carefully grabbed the fly. I placed it on the mortar and before it could fly away I crushed it with the pestle. A spark flew. The mechanical beauty of the wings and the inner-workings of a creature that was almost alive turned into a thin powder. It joined the other two. Dead wasn't quite the right word because they were never quite alive.

I admit, I am partially to blame for the state in which we find ourselves. I helped the operation. I grinned as the flies bored into people's heads. I marveled at the way they took control and how each day we came a step closer to our goal. It all changed when I returned for a debriefing. "Good morning, boss," I had said when I entered the lab. We had a lively bunch, each of us dedicated to this common cause. Control wasn't just a desire; in today's world, it was a necessity. So we facilitated it. We did our research and we refined our methods and then we released our creations so that they could take control. What you don't expect is to become the problem. You see, once they were in control, they turned to us and realized we harbored doubts. They were not in control of us yet. We became the next targets. I see them everywhere now. He stared at me with glassy eyes. I knew the symptoms. I backed towards the door as they all stared at me with those emotionless masks.

"Good morning," they said in unison. And they all took a step towards me. Three flies. That's what it took. One was in each of their heads but two more remained outside. And then I saw them; those tiny little pairs of creatures with their lifeless eyes fixed on me. I slammed the door behind me and they slammed like bullets against it. I hadn't gone back.

"Did you get it, Patrick?" Marie was waiting patiently on the chair in my kitchen. I had extracted the ones from her head. They seemed to be from the second beta version; old and unevolved creatures compared to the ones flying about now. Ancient compared to the ones in my pocket. I wondered how long she had been in their control. I wondered how much control they still had, once the extraction was complete. The experiments had never really touched on that. Why would they? There was never really a reason to wonder what would come once we wrested back control. That wasn't supposed to happen.

I nodded. I looked at the little hole in the top of her head, right where her hair was a little thinner. It was perfectly circular. I dabbed away the blood. I felt movement in my pocket. They were quiet now, having been left in the dark for so long. But sometimes they stirred. When they sensed a nearby target, they stirred. I had carefully collected them, samples of the most advanced versions of the flies that I could find. It was survival of the fittest. Those old versions died and were turned to dust. We only wanted the most evolved versions. I removed one from my pocket and carefully set it atop her head and then I patted her back. She wouldn't feel a thing.

"You're all set," I said with a smile as she turned towards me. "Got all three of them." I showed her the parts that sat crumbled in the mortar.

"Thanks," she answered. She sighed. "There aren't many of us left." I know that. But there were still some left.

"I know." I nodded knowingly and looked at her sympathetically. "We're doing what we can."**[WP] You have just moved to a new school, and don't know anyone there. You go to the bathroom, and see a group of students gathered around a Pentagram, staring at you. They think you're the demon they were attempting to summom.**

*****

Reputation is everything. Trust me when I say that. I've been bounced around schools since I could first remember. Three elementary schools, two middle schools and now my third high school. If I could put all this on my resume, I'd be qualified to be president by now, at least by our current standards. So when I wandered into the little gathering in the bathroom, my first thought was that this is how I get an in with the dealers. Then I thought maybe this was how I became a druggie. Then I thought that this is how I get my ass kicked and dumped in a toilet. Really just being a part of any group would be a huge boost to my reputation. Right now, I was good as non-existent. Then I saw the pentagram and I realized I had entered in nick of time. "It worked," Drue muttered. Yes, that was really how his name was spelled.

I'm not quick socially. Being torn from every friend group you've ever known kind of does that to you. But I am not slow, and I realized the best thing to do here was to confirm to them that whatever tom-foolery they were involved in had indeed worked. "Hello, gentlemen," I said mysteriously, my voice a hoarse whisper. They gaped at me. "Why have you brought me here?" I asked.

They glanced at each other. There was Derrick and Chad - yes, I'm serious - and Jeremy. The Drue Crew. Notorious. Infamous. So popular. And then there was me. The new kid. The outcast. The weirdo. The demon, apparently. "We need help." I let my eyebrows do the talking and looked at them skeptically. "Please," they begged.

"What's in it for me?" I'm not sure a demon says that. But what did they know. I figured this was their first time. Inexperienced demon virgins. I shouldn't say that, I knew that much. They shrugged. I took it to mean whatever. "I'd like to infiltrate you humans," I said, rubbing my hands together deviously. Demonously? I'd have to get used to the lingo.

"Can't you do that without us?"

"I could. But I need to infiltrate the popular crowd. And if I can't..." I ran a finger across my throat, miming that that would be the end of the Drue Crew. They went pale. I clapped and they all jumped and I burst into an evil cackle. I was good at this. Maybe it was my calling. I felt like it wouldn't really fly with my parents or with the guidance counselor. It would require some spin. "Hey mom, hey dad, I'm going to go to demon school. It's about twenty-five grand a year, when I get out I'll be able to work minimum wage and pay off the loans by the time I'm seventy-five." That wouldn't work.

"Okay, yeah, dude," Chad said. He was palest. I wondered if he had peed himself or if that was water on his pants from washing his hands.

"It's sir," I hissed. I think that's when I realized this would not be a friendship. From my limited experience, friends do not demand to be called sir. Oh, well. It would do.

"Yes, sir," they said in unison. I liked it.

"So what do you need?" I asked. They glanced at each other nervously.

"We're failing chemistry," Drue said. Wow. If they were trying to summon a demon for this, imagine what they would do when they were really in trouble. Then I remembered they were summoning a demon. In a school bathroom. I wasn't dealing with the brightest bulbs in the banana bunch. I nodded knowingly. I wasn't any good at making friends but I guess I had a knack for making my peers tremble in fear and submit to me. "We need you to make us pass."

"Chemistry, eh?" I stroked my chin. I figured that's what a pensive demon might do as he pondered how to best utilize his powers. Part of me was kind of hoping they needed me to forge their report cards or murder somebody or convince a teacher to retire. I guess those thoughts help make me the weirdo. Some sort of demonic tutoring would have to do. "I can work with that," I said after a moment. They let out a sigh of relief and Jeremy high-fived Derrick as if they had actually done something remotely useful. "Meet me in the library after school." I leaned in close and they crowded around me and then I clapped my hands together and Chad yelped and the wet stain on his pants spread. "Don't be late."**[WP] You've been brought to the year 2631 for what you were told was a critical mission. Really, they're doing a table read for a TV series set between 1990-2020, and they needed a fact checker.**

*****

I glowered in barely bridled fury as the "critical mission" was described in the debriefing. A TV series? Really? They whisked me to a job 600 years out of my comfort zone for a damned TV series? The director was just finishing up his spiel, clever bastard that he thought he was. I was stuck here until the contract ended because they had all the time travel equipment where as I, being from the turn of the millennium, had nothing more than a smartphone with every other obsolete technology that one could imagine. "Sound good?" He finished, casting me an amused glance. I clenched my jaw and nodded. Good my ass. But I would make this good. *Real* good. "Awesome. Then let's get started."

"So you're focusing on the Oil Wars from those first two decades?" He nodded enthusiastically, apparently thrilled that he had convinced me to cooperate. "Well then you'll want to get rid of that word 'terror'," I explained. "It was slang for oil."

The editor glanced at the director who shrugged. "He's the boss now. He lived it, after all."

"And your actor for Bush has it all wrong. He was an incredibly articulate speaker.  It was Obama who was the thug. It has been edited, but actually 'nigga' was his most-used word. Even the rapers of the era had nothing on him."

"Rapers?" The director asked curiously. "You mean rappers?" The once-popular music had long-since been replaced by the ancient sounds of pianos and violins, but images of the musicians dressed in over-sized pants and painted like savages preparing for war still lingered.

"Common misconception," I corrected politely. "It was pronounced rapers. Also, there was no popular hatred for bin Laden. He was actually considered a folk hero on the level of Johnny Appleseed or Chef Boyardee, both of which you should probably include. They were critical to the social development of the era." The director scratched his head in confusion but gave a go-ahead to the producers. Clearly I knew best. 

"How about the 2016 elections? The information we have on the primaries is pretty contradictory."

"Well there was Sanders, who was generally seen as an incompetent old man who shouldn't have had his driving license renewed." The director nodded in feigned understanding and jotted a few notes. "And then Trump was basically seen as the second coming of Christ." 

"I see..." He nodded at me to continue.

"Clinton was thought to have magical powers. A big part of the reason her husband didn't get impeached is because we discovered that she actually shape-shifted into Monica Lewinsky so he technically didn't lie about having an extra-marital affair." I ignored his confused stare and continued. "Now, you'll probably want to change where you're getting your information from. You seem quite misguided." He nodded cautiously, accepting that my knowledge of the era was far superior to his.

"Well... What do you suggest?" He asked finally, handing me his device so that I could show him an accurate source.

"Reddit," I said, hiding a smirk as the archived site loaded. "All the users experienced what they talk about first-hand and it was widely considered the most accurate source of the century."**[WP]For hundreds of years your world has been under alien occupation. Your new job under your overlords is to scavenge ancient wreckage of your ancestors. One day you discover an ancient machine which upon activation shows a message. Contact reestablished,Support will arrive soon.**

*****

My footsteps echoed down the halls, bouncing back and forth until they escaped through the wreckage and into the quiet afternoon. I walked through the ruins of a city that would have rivaled the finest metropolis that our civilization had managed to rebuild after the Conquest. We were great once. We explored and expanded and exploited. And then we met the Roor, with their faster ships and better guns and bigger armies. They had crushed us as simply as a boy crushes an anthill, destroying the structures that had taken generations to build and scattering the survivors left and right. And then after the Conquest had come silence, and eventually we had emerged from the rubble to survey what was left of our empire. It wasn't much. Bodies had been whisked away to produce carbon-based fuel. The relics that defined our culture had been turned to dust or had been vanished along with the food and weapons and what we needed to survive.

But we survived. They never let us forget that they were watching, biding their time until we built a society that was worth exploiting. Then they would come and remind us who they were. They would remind us that they could take what they wanted and they would exact their tribute. Otherwise we would die, all over again. Some of us work farms, moving massive pieces of concrete out of fields and tilling the ashes to get to the fertile dirt below. Some of us scavenge, desperately trying to find caches of food from before the Conquest. Anything to reach that minimum amount that could last us through another winter. Then the snow would fall, the white mixing with the gray ashes. The leaves would disappear and the cold would sting your face and underfed children would die where they slept, frozen to the ground. And some of us search.

I first stumbled across Community when I saw a wisp of smoke in the distance, just beyond the next hill. Everything was always just beyond the next hill. But I walked that way, desperate for some human interaction beyond ducking out of sight from the Roor-bots that flitted in and out of the clouds and vaporized anything that moved. Only Community was allowed to survive, easier to control that way. I was met on the outskirts by a man who materialized from the stones. "Friend or foe?" he had said. There was only one right answer. The makeshift gun he held to my head guaranteed that. So I had shrugged. It would depend on who he was. He was not Roor. He showed me the tunnel that took him in and out of Community. He told me I would never enter through the gates, because I was never truly there.

So now I wander. That's the role the Committee ordered. Sometimes I run, sometimes I walk. They told me to search for the machine. They don't know how it looks but once I see it, I'll know what it is. And as my footsteps disappeared down the hall, I checked my map and prepared to mark off another building as clear when a door I missed caught my attention. I glanced around. It's habit. The Roor are loud. They've never had a need for stealth. But still I look around, ensuring nobody is with me, and then I tried the door. It stubbornly refused to open. I tried the lock, realizing it had a place for each finger. It was meant for humans. Roor do not have the limbs to do this. Once inserted, the door unlatched with a quiet click. Beside a dead machine lay the singed pages of somebody's final message. Their bones were on the floor behind me, a welcome sign of humans that is not often found.

Carefully, so as to disturb nothing but the dust upon the keys, I turned on the machine. It struggled, and for a second my heart dropped and I thought that all my wanderings were for nothing, but then a message appeared. "Contact reestablished. Support will arrive soon."

And then I waited. I didn't wander far, reluctant to draw the attention of a Roor-bot and unsure if I would receive another communication. Day turned to night and the night brought sounds. Rats scurried across the rubble. A snake hissed. In the distance, a child cried. A Roor-bot blasted and the crying stopped. I wondered how they had survived out here so long. The child must have been a newborn. I wondered if the machine was programmed to do nothing but to tell me that support would arrive, regardless of whether or not anybody was left alive to support us. I thought that I would wither away in that building before abandoning home. I could join the skeleton by the machine and detach myself from all this running and hiding and heartbreak.

The next morning brought no new message and it wasn't until the following day when I heard an unfamiliar whir. I peeked out of the door and, finding the area clear, closed it shut behind me. Soon, a unique spacecraft was hovering in the atrium of a ruined building. Weeds and vines climbed up the inutile support beams that held nothing and now their leaves fluttered in the wind. I hid behind a particularly large piece of concrete. It had upon it half of a crude graffito that read The end of times be up. I wondered if the writer had been killed before he could finish or if the other half of his final masterpiece was somewhere nearby.

Moments later, the spacecraft was gone and a man in black protective gear barked an order at me to reveal myself. I rolled my eyes. Of course they had heat sensors and such that could see where I was hidden. I felt foolish as I stood cautiously. If this was a Roor trick, they deserved to catch me now. "You sent the message?" he asked me, lifting his visor. His eyes were the same lifeless grey I had seen in the eyes of the guards around the Community. He removed a glove and held out a calloused hand. I shook it, the first human contact I had had in years. I looked behind him. He had only a couple dozen men with him. It wouldn't be nearly enough.

"I did," I answered hesitantly, assuming that was what I had done by starting the machine. "Is this all you have?"

"Pleased to find you," he said with a wry grin, ignoring my question. "I'm Lieutenant Edwards of the Human Expeditionary Force. Here to save your asses."*****

Queen Gaial greeted us with smiles and a modest celebration, but her eyes betrayed her concern. She was elated at the reinforcements enlisted, quickly becoming acquaintinced with Aella and her women warriors. Akuai and his crews had stationed themselves near our piers, their ships protecting the bay from intrusions. 

"You brought far more to our cause than I expected, Guide. I'm impressed." I bowed my head in gratitude of her praise. 

"You are worried though, your Majesty?" She nodded grimly.

"We've received news of Halna. Raxar has moved her to be imprisoned in the Land of Ice, in an outpost called Akull. She is to be executed if we launch any attacks against his men." I frowned. Halna was Gaial's beloved middle sister, nurtured by their father to lead by Gaial's side. It was supposed to be the three queens, each ruling a part of the ever-expanding kingdom. She was in her prime; eight years older than Renea, the child. Raxar held a powerful card now, blackmailing us into submission.

"I have heard of Akull, but I have never been beyond the White Mountains. It is said they are uncrossable except through Nix, but that is heavily guarded by the Ice Guard." The Ice Guard was where Raxar began, rising through the ranks of the white-cloaked warriors who knew how to use the elements to their advantage. Even if we had the troops to beat them, the journey to Nix would require us to pass the capital and several smaller cities first. The mountains ran across a thin strip of land with ocean on both ends. The water was frozen year-round, rendering any assistance offered by the Oqaens useless. 

"You know we need to rescue her. And I plan to go with you." I remained silent, considering my options. "I will call a council of all the leaders of the allies and tribes to discuss how to proceed. You are to be there." I bowed and took my leave, making my way out to the camps where the tribes were staying. I found Borlor, who had spent the past months training the barbarians, speaking with Glor outside a tent.

"You two are getting along now?" I said as I approached them, and Glor grinned his daft smile at me and nodded.

"Guide. You did well enlisting those allies." Borlor acknowledged me with a hint of politeness.

"You knew the Oqaens would side with us?" Borlor chuckled and nodded. He had been by Erathron's side since near the beginning of his rule and had surely been present when the aide was sent to Akuai. "Why didn't you tell us before we left?"

"I thought you might disappear on us, Guide. I figured if you were willing and able to enlist Akuai's help, I could trust you." I glared at him but said nothing, gesturing for them to sit down.

"Have you heard of the middle sister? Halna." They both nodded and Glor spat on the ground, as seemed to be his tradition when hearing bad news. "What's the plan?"

"She hasn't told us yet. It seems we can't do anything until the girl is rescued." Borlor seemed skeptical of the necessity of rescuing her, but leaving her to die was out of the question in my eyes.

"The Queen will call a council tonight. She wants to send a rescue party and she wants to come with us."  Glor spat again and Borlor shook his head. 

"We can't allow that. It's too dangerous and she will slow us down." 

I shrugged. "It's not up to us. I imagine it will be put to a vote considering the number of tribal leaders present. She can't just make all the decisions alone. I need both of you to vote with me." Glor nodded, as I expected, and Borlor reluctantly followed. "The rescue party will have to pass through the mountains. The pass at Nix is too heavily guarded. We will need with us anybody who has fought the Snowmen in the past."

The Snowmen were a tribe said to inhabit the White Mountains, ambushing and slaughtering all intruders regardless of their allegiance. There was a fragile peace between them and the Ice Guard, enforced more by the threat of mutual destruction than anything else. The outpost of Nix was off limits to the Snowmen but any travelers before and after the pass were at risk of attack. They showed no mercy, killing each and every traveler and eating the remains. Food was sparse in the mountains, and meat was worth more than its weight in gold. 

I left the camps and made my way through the city towards the pier. I found Leader Akuai aboard his flagship, resting at a makeshift pier they had constructed to dock the hundreds of ships.

"Guide, greetings. What can I do?" I bowed in greeting and took the offered seat across from him. He offered me a customary tea made from sea plants and I accepted, sipping the sour drink. 

"I need your help." 

He smiled at me. "That seems to be the reason we see each other. What is it?"

"As you have heard, we need to rescue Erathron middle daughter, Halna. She is in Akull, in the Land of Ice." I paused, and he raised his eyebrows, waiting for me to continue. "Your ships and men will likely not be of much use because the ice covers the ocean, but Queen Gaial wants to come on the rescue mission. I need you to help me convince her to not come."

He narrowed his eyes now, thinking. "It is not my place to decide for her to go or not go."

"So you will not help?" He sighed, considering the options.

"I will give my opinion and nothing more. She is your Queen and she will do as she pleases. I agree that she should not go, but it is neither my place nor yours to keep her from what she wishes to do." He leaned back in his seat, changing the topic to the state of Raxar's navy. No raids or attacks had been conducted against the capital or its affiliated cities since shortly after I left to enlist help. I finished sipping my tea and made my way to the castle in the middle of the city, walking past the strongly protected walls and the patrolling guards. 

As I passed through the gate to the castle, I saw a familiar face sternly lecturing two younger guards who had been practicing close combat. He looked up as I walked through the gate, smiling as he saw me.

"Guide!" He shouted, walking towards me.

"Thado! Old friend, when did you arrive?" 

"With the last moon. I heard you were at sea. How go things?" It had been a long time since I saw him. We had attempted to infiltrate the capital together in order to rescue Gaial but our plans had gone awry. We had breached the wall through the same tunnels I had later used to smuggle her out of the castle, but we had encountered more resistance than we expected. Dressed in cloaks, we stood out amongst the guards who converged upon us as we made our way through one of the ballrooms. The rest of the men had fallen in that room, surrounded by piles of dead guards, but Thado and I were captured and thrown into cells. I regretted not rescuing him when I escaped, but he informed that he had been taken to a distant prison, far from where I was held.

"It goes, Thado. The trip was long but successful. We depart soon to rescue Gaial's sister from the Land of Ice. Will you come?" 

He grinned, always ready for a good adventure. "I will go. She is in the Land of Ice, you say?" I nodded, curious as to why he asked. "I was imprisoned there, in the fortress at the pass at Nix. They made me work like a slave in the bitter cold and used me as a scout to roam ahead and serve as bait for the Snowmen." His grin grew larger. "I have a bloodfeud to settle with Raxar's men in the Land of Ice. I will accompany you and this time I will guide as you follow."

As night fell, the council gathered in the dining hall of the castle. Leader Akuai and Queen Aella were present with their advisers, as was Borlor and the leaders of all the barbarian tribes. We stood as Queen Gaial entered, closely followed by Akuai and Aella. She laid out a map of our known world, stretching from the Land of Ice to Mna to the Isle of Stones, past Braestol and past the desert to where the jungle started and our knowledge of the world ended. 

I had been to each corner of the kingdom, guiding the king and his soldiers through the desert. I had been through the valleys and hills around the capital. I had been to the edge of the jungle, venturing in as I hunted down a band of barbarians. I had been to the edge of the White Mountains, looking up at them in their splendid grandeur. But I had never been past Nix to the Land of Ice. The old kingdom ended at the pass, and the Ice Guard ensured that none passed without permission. 

"Ladies. Men. I bring you hear today because we must rescue my sister, Halna," Gaial began. "It is a long journey, and it will not be made any easier by the riders who patrol every step of the way." The leaders gathered around the table nodded, and Gaial turned toward Akuai, who nodded to her, prompting her to continue.

"Leader Akuai. Thank you for your support in the name of my father, the good King Erathron. A single ship of yours is requested for this mission to leave the rescue party as close to the mountains as possible. The Land of Ice in itself is inaccessible by sea because it has frozen over, but if we can disembark as close as possible, we will save ourselves a significant journey." He nodded and turned to an advisor, ordering him to begin preparing the best ship. "Guide. You know the land. Pick a group, as many as you need."

I stood, surveying the leaders and their advisers and best warriors, seated or standing throughout the room. "Thado will accompany me. He knows the area since he escaped from there. I want Borlor and Glor with me, too. Khaan will come as well. We need no more if we are allowed the best."

Queen Gaial rose again. "Very well. The five of you are to go, but I will join." A murmur went up through the room, quickly turning into shouts of disagreement. Some shouted for a vote, but she ignored them, sitting down to wait for the yells to die down. 

Leader Akuai stood, raising his hand to silence the room. "I disagree, Queen Gaial. You are of more use here and we cannot afford to lose you, the rightful heir to the throne." Beside him, Queen Aella nodded.

"Leader Akuai, Queen Aella, thank you for your concern. But I can fight, as Guide has witnessed, and I want to accompany whoever goes to rescue my sister." I shook my head ever so slightly and she glared at me, daring me to contradict her. I remained silent, formulating a plan in my head.

Finally I rose, nodding. "Very well. As you wish. We depart tomorrow at midday."

She nodded and dismissed the council. I fell into step with the crowd, avoiding her steady gaze, until I found myself in the passageway outside the dining hall. Borlor quickly approached me, grabbing my shoulder tightly.

"Are you mad? She can't come. It's too dangerous."

"Relax, Borlor. She won't be with us. Go find the others and meet me at Akuai's flagship within the hour. We leave tonight." He raised his eyebrows, surprised that I was ignoring a direct command.

"She can have you killed for ignoring her." 

I laughed him off, shaking my head. "No, she will not have me killed. She is too fond of me and we will be gone before she realizes. I will speak to Queen Aella to keep her entertained. I will see you in an hour." I broke free from his iron grip and made my way back into the dining hall. Gaial had retired to her chambers but Akuai and Aella remained. I bowed, as custom dictated, and they glared at me.

Aella spoke first, reprimanding me. "You barely objected to her plan. You know it's too dangerous. What are you thinking?"

"Your Majesty, don't worry. We plan on leaving tonight, without her." 

Akuai chuckled. "You are a crafty one, Guide. I hope she doesn't have you killed for this. The ship will be ready within the hour. Make sure to cut the ropes to make it seem as if you have stolen away without my permission. The last thing I want is to be the target of her anger..."

I turned back towards Aella. "Your Majesty, I need you to entertain Queen Gaial until we can depart. You will find her in her chambers. We just need you to entertain her for an hour."

She nodded in agreement before speaking. "Consider it done. I will head over immediately. One last thing, Guide. Take Hera with you. She is my best fighter. If we are all to fight together, the men need to see that the women can fight as well as anybody else." 

"Very well. Have her report to the flagship within the hour. We leave as soon as possible."

The two monarchs nodded and I took my leave, making sure to avoid Gaial's chambers lest I be seen by her before I could leave.

The five others met me at the flagship at the designated time, their packs overflowing with furs and cloaks to keep warm in the Land of Ice. Akuai met us a few minutes later, dressed in his blue robes. 

"Good luck to all of you. Travel safe. My ship will be waiting at the same place it drops you off each night at midnight until you return. Raxar has no navy to bother us with so we will be able to pick you up once your mission is complete. Best of luck." Each of us thanked him and we turned to board the ship. He stopped me as I prepared to jump on, laying a fatherly hand on my arm. "Guide, travel safe and please fulfill your mission. Gaial cherishes your guidance and leadership, but I'm afraid she may rip you to shreds if you return empty handed after abandoning her. Good luck." I smiled at him and boarded the ship, slicing the ropes that held us to the pier. 

Leader Akuai waved us goodbye and the land disappeared into the night, as we flew over the waves towards the Land of Ice and the remote outpost of Akull.**[WP] - 10 years ago today, on the 28th of June 2009, Stephen Hawking hosted a Time Travellers Party, only announcing the event after it had occurred. The press reported that no one showed up, but as the clock struck 12, the doors opened and Professor Hawking was met by his first guest.**

*****

Saying that nobody showed up was a necessity; a lie we had to share because the truth was much more terrifying. That goes without saying. It's a bit foolish to think that in the future of the human race, we never manage to accomplish the art of time travel, right? Flight was once nothing but a dream and now the skies are criss-crossed with the contrails. A horseless carriage once seemed absurd and now we have driverless cars. What we dream, we tend to turn into reality.

I interviewed Mr. Hawking - call me Stephen, the robotic voice had squawked when we first spoke decades ago - a few days before he passed. He seemed quite aware that his time was near and our conversation took us down paths we had never before ventured. "My time is near," the monotone voice informed me.

"What makes you say that?" His eyes twinkled and his chair whirred forward, deft fingers at the controls. I thought of a time when such a man would have long ago been dead. Modern science was a miracle. Future science even more so, as our conversation confirmed.

"June 28th, 2009," he said - you understand that it was his computer saying the words but Stephen who did the rest. I must have arched an eyebrow or otherwise reacted with surprise because he let out a single chuckle. "Ha."

"The Time Travelers Party?" It had been a dismal failure. No time travelers had shown up, somehow confirming that time travel never occurred. I know that right now time travel is nothing more but a motif in science fiction or fantasy shows and novels, but the idea of time travel in the future messes with the mind. If the time travelers come to today, time travel exists today. But I can see quite simply that time travel does not exist. So can time travel ever exist? It was a question we had grappled almost a decade ago as the little publicity stunt took shape.

"Someone came," he squawked. I smiled. Classic Stephen. Of course somebody came. There were throngs of reporters; there was a catering crew and an entourage of celebrities waiting to meet a person from the future. Why would they have that privilege? What interest would a person of the future have with us if all they need is to open a book or a web browser and read about our simple existence. "After the reporters left. After everybody was gone." He could tell a story, that was for certain. Of course he could. He was Stephen Hawking, the most brilliant mind of our time. Weaving together the independently useless words of the English language into a gripping story was child's play for a man like him. "The house was dark and we were off to bed," he continued and I leaned in closer. I scribbled notes, in spite of my phone sitting between us and recording the entire conversation. What he was suggesting... This could change everything about what we knew about the future. "A man stepped out of the shadows. At first I thought it was a caterer, perhaps he had missed the last car leaving the area. Then I thought it was a murderer. Perhaps my time was up. It wasn't." Yes, clearly. That's why we were having this conversation.

I shook my head. "Who was it?" I knew the answer. I didn't want to believe the answer. I would refuse to believe the answer until it revealed itself before me. Stephen was not a man for elaborate pranks or for lies; he knew his words carried too much weight.

"It was a man from the future," he said simply.

"Why are you telling me this?" His eyes seemed amused, as if my question was foolish. Every question probably seemed foolish for a man of his intellect.

"I trust you. I trust you to keep this to yourself." And then he continued. He told me of how they had talked for hours. First Stephen searched for proof, grasping at straws as he tried to comprehend the significance of the situation. How do you prove you are from the future? With today's technology, newspapers dated for any time are easy to create. Seemingly futuristic technologies can be created out of thin air with a three-dimensional printer. Even for a man like him, it was not something he could figure out. He could not bring himself to trust the man. "So I asked him to tell me the date of my death. Not to prove it to me, but so that I could prove it to somebody else. March 14th, 2018." I glanced at my phone. It couldn't be. I was talking to a dead man, or as close as could be. It was Tuesday. Stephen would be dead by tomorrow.

"Why are you telling me this?" I asked again. We both knew my question was different this time. I was not asking why me. I was asking why.

His eyes glistened now. It may have been tears. "The future is not bright," he reported. The monotone voice was chilling. One would expect emotion. One would expect this to be devastating. "They say the darkest time is right before twilight. For us, it's not. We fail to solve the issues that plague us. We fail to stop wars. We fail to stop climate change. We fail to save our world and we fail to save ourselves. One person came because one person is all that was left to come."

I sat there, stunned. I refused to believe him. I had never refused to believe him, in all our years of conversation. But now I refused to believe him. "What can we do?" He chuckled again. That ominous, robotic chuckle. It brought to mind that perhaps the robots won in the end. Perhaps that would be our legacy; the robots we had once designed and built would own the world and the solar system would be dotted with the ones we sent into space.

"Hope that I'm right," he responded. I wished he could seem less casual about all this.

"About this? I hope you're not."

"About the multiverse. I hope this man was from a different universe and a different timeline. I don't care that we never invent time travel and only in this timeline were we able to come back to my little soiree. I hope that the path we are on does not lead us to that fate."**\[WP\] You cannot tell a lie. Not because you're unable to, but because every time you do, a narrator's voice explains the lie in great detail!**

*****

"I appreciate it," I said to the middle-aged lady as she held open the door to the Starbucks. I had to do that awkward little half-jog to get the door since she started holding it when I was too far away.

**No, he doesn't**, the voice boomed and I averted my eyes and quietly got in line. **He thinks you're a bitch for making him jog to the door.** Fine. I did. But she didn't need to do that. I hated my narrator. It had been an on-going issues for years now. At first it was subtle, and my parents really said it was for the best. I would try lying to a teacher and my narrator would boom out the truth in agonizing detail. **He did pull Suzie's hair and kick dirt in her face and spit on her while calling her a pig,** it would boom while I sat in the principal's office and my fragile web of lies would fall like a house of cards. You'll be a better man, my dad said, always one to advocate honesty above all else.

"I hate you," I would yell, as if this was somehow their fault and not just some bizarre curse. **He doesn't,** the voice reassured simply. Sometimes it was for the best.

The line at Starbucks was long. I checked my watch impatiently. "Early meeting?" the suit next to me asked. Here we go again.

"No," is what I should have said and appeared rude and kept it at that. "Yeah, you know how it is," is what came out instead. **He actually really needs to poop,** the narrator announced and I felt my face turn bright red, like those Christmas cups that Starbucks released one year. \*\*Those are his farts you're smelling between the whiffs of coffee.\*\*Nice. Classy. Suit-guy inched away awkwardly and I heard giggles from further back in the line.

"How are you today?" the cashier asked cheerfully. I should have said bad. I should have said I was in a shit mood and just kept it at that.

"I'm fine," I answered and then I flinched. Why did I say that? **He's not fine,** my narrator shared. **He thinks your cheeriness paired with your incompetence is annoying and that you should do something about that faceful of zits.** Ouch. I had barely thought that. Barely. Come on, dude. Her cheeriness disappeared so at least I had accomplished that much. I felt like an asshole. I blame my narrator.

"I'll have... I'll just have a fresh brewed coffee, black." She nodded wordlessly and a moment later I had my drink in my hand. She could do that right, at least.

"Good morning, Ted," Janice the secretary said as I walked in.

"Morning," I responded. My curt response was rewarded by silence. If I said it was a good morning, my narrator was sure to comment on her hideous hairdo or the obnoxiousness of her shrill voice.

"How are you today?" She just had to ask. I hesitated.

"Been better," I said finally and I shuffled off to my desk. Neutral enough. My narrator remained silent and I wondered what barrage of truths he would unleash at my next slip.

"Did you get that report done?" my boss asked and I sighed.

"No..." I answered. He looked at me expectantly. An excuse was in order. "I... I was busy with another task," I added vaguely. "Laundry." Had I done laundry last night? I swear I had. Then I heard my narrator chuckle. I winced in anticipation. **Laundry?** the voice boomed. Apparently I had not done laundry. **You should have done laundry and washed that sock you're always jacking off into. You should have done laundry and changed your underwear instead of wearing the same pair for the fifth time this week. You were busy eating a frozen pizza and watching television while you swiped right on every picture that might have a heartbeat even though every single one of them swiped left.** Ouch. Low-blow. My boss stared at me impassively but I could sense the gears working in his head.

"Just get it done," he snapped and he turned back towards his office.

"Will do," I said with a nod and I unlocked my computer and opened Reddit. **No, he won't,** the narrator corrected and I threw up my hands in frustration. **He's going to click around on Reddit all day and then tell you he had to catch-up on emails.**** [WP] Uno is now a serious game and you are a gambler playing for your life. Your opponent is an 8 year old world champion that has bankrupted many before you. **

*****

"Uno," the kid said with a smirk. I hate that smirk.

"Green," I responded with an equal amount of smugness as I put down a Draw-Four wildcard. Green, you little octadic, green-lacking stinkbug was what I wanted to say but didn't. There was no use risking a card draw penalty, especially not with this much on the table. He drew four and then drew some more and finally put down a green three. I eyed his hand, wondering if he could even count as high as how many cards he had now, about a dozen I would say.

"It's a dangerous game," my mentor would have said. If only he was still around. He had put the ultimate bet on the line and he had lost and now he was nothing but a memory and a name on a plaque of former victors. "U-no what I'm saying?" he would joke and he would start giggling like a child. Because he was a child. Twelve years old and his life had been all but snuffed out. You don't put that kind of collateral on the line. Not anymore. Tournament rules changed after that debacle. His family had moved away, not able to deal with the news coverage. That's the thing around here. You play with the big boys, you better be ready to pay up. This was my chance to avenge him.

"Draw two," I taunted as I put down a green draw-two card. "Bitch," was what I didn't say. I hated this kid and his smug face and his spectacular record of wins. I hated that he had goaded me into putting my life savings on this game. I hated that he had gotten down to one card three times now and that only a stroke of luck had saved me. I hated his rich parents who could afford to front him obscene amounts of money as they flaunted him around as some sort of rogue investment tool. I hated that I was drenched in sweat, backed into a corner and playing for my life while he enjoyed his little childish bubble of safety and no consequences. I had three cards left. I was close. I could smell victory. Maybe it was body odor, though. They seemed to come hand in hand. I had my secret weapon in hand, the two green nines that I could put down at the same time. Tournament rules.

"Draw two," he responded mockingly and put down a blue draw-two.

"What the fuuuu...rrrrrick," I interrupted myself as I caught the referee's eye. Cursing was strictly prohibited. That was part of playing with the best when the best happened to be a bunch of pre-pubescent little people who thought they were hot shit. Let's be honest - they kind of were. They could play Uno like few people I had ever seen. This kid was my mentor's vanquisher and I could see why. Each time I thought I had him - each time I let loose a barrage of skip-turn cards and draw-twos, he managed to dodge and parry and return his own salvo of shots and put me further back than I was before. Now I could almost taste victory and it smelled like the sour taste of rancid body odor. They really needed showers at the tournament venue.

"Draw two yourself," I responded and he gasped as I turned the color back to green. He put down a green one. I put down a green four. He looked at me, staring into my soul in the way only little kids with no friends can. He looked at me the way a growth-stunted ninja looks at his opponent and thinks "oh shit, maybe I should have grown taller or brought a secret weapon." Too late now, sucker. He put down another green and BOOM. "UNO," I yelled and he stared at me, mouth agape. The crowd gasped and my heart pounded in my ears. Nobody expects the double play and now I had one card left. One single, measly card and he had no idea what it was. He kept staring at me and I thought I noticed a hint of tears in his eyes and my heart yearned with compassion. "Don't worry," I told him. "I have no more greens..." And he smiled sneakily and played a green one. And I played my green three. "Just kidding," I said with a smile and he burst into tears. "Pay up, bitch," I taunted and held out my hand. The referee scolded me but I ignored him. I had survived. I looked at the check. I had doubled my money.

"You're mean," the kid cried at me and I shrugged.

"Revenge is sweet," I smirked at him. "And life is cruel. Get used to it, buddy." And with that I tussled his hair and he slapped at my arm and I strolled out of the tournament grounds feeling like a gladiator who had just vanquished his opponent against all odds.**[WP] You just got fired, you're pretty sure your girlfriend is cheating on you, you're 75k in student loans debt, rent was due last week, and to top it all off? You're all out of beer. Oddly enough, you just got an email titled "Would you like to change the difficulty? Current setting: Very Hard."**

*****

I broke my fixation on the woefully empty bottle of beer to glance down at my phone as it *dinged*, notifying me about an email. I sighed. Debt collectors and spam. That's all I ever got anymore. At least the latter allowed me the pleasure of pressing the fun little trashcan icon. 

**Would you like to change...**, the preview of the subject read. Hell, yeah. I would give anything to change everything right now. My girlfriend was gone on some escapade with her not-so-secret lover, my student loan debt was three times what I made in a year, pre-taxes, the eviction notice was still taped to the door... I hadn't been too broke to buy beer since college, but here I was. Same old.

I swiped right and typed in the double 69 password; a relic from more cheerful times. The email was short and to the point.

**Would you like to change the difficulty? Current setting: Very hard.** Seemed about as legit as the Nigerian prince my grandpa was always helping out. My finger hovered over the trashcan icon but my phone *dinged* again, the echo bouncing off the walls of the nearly empty room. A text this time with the same message and a simple instruction: **Reply YES for details**. I shrugged and typed the message, arching my eyebrows skeptically as the message *whooshed* away and I turned back to the bottle hoping to leach out a couple more drops.

**Pick your level: First World Problems, Easy, Medium, Hard, Very Hard**. I sighed. Whoever this was, they were persistent. A cruel joke, most likely. Getting my hopes up that my life could be anything more than a miserable shit hole. I chose the first option and hit send, shrugging in mild irritation before sighing and heading to my bed. Without the electric bills payed and nothing to entertain me, I was sleeping by dusk, my schedule more Amish than an Ohioan's. My phone rang a moment later, just as I was settling in and starting to tell myself a bedtime story.

"Mom?" I said hesitantly, surprised that she would call after six months of not talking to me. She let out a muffled sob and I sat up in my bed. "What happened?"

"It's dad..." she stuttered as she struggled to catch her breath. I frowned. My dad had been getting cigarettes since '95 and if he was suddenly showing up now, I wanted nothing to do with him. "Your grandfather passed away," she said quietly and I scowled. Disrupting my 8 o'clock bedtime for this? The man was a grade A dumbass and had provided more for random hookers than he had for me.

"I... I'm sorry," I managed to say half-heartedly.

"You barely knew him," she answered softly. "I can't see what he saw, but he must have thought very highly of you. He left you his fortune and the house by the lake. You're rich..." she said mournfully and I quietly gulped as I tried to fathom the idea.

"Goddammit," I sighed knocking my head against the headboard of the bed. "I'm gonna have a shit ton of taxes to do."**[WP] Adults and children are separated into two dimensions. When a baby is born, it is sent to the "kid" dimension, and will only rejoin the adults when it turns 18. A mother and father are anxiously waiting for their child's 18th birthday tomorrow.**

*****

"Number?" the Caretaker demanded rudely, peering up from a pile of papers. The couple smiled timidly as they nervously held hands. "Number?" the Caretaker repeated impatiently and they stuttered the identification number in sync, engraved into their minds after eighteen years of waiting and repeating it before bed each night. "He'll be right out," the Caretaker mumbled and turned back to her papers.

"How do you think he'll be?" the mother asked nervously. The father shrugged with a smile and held her a bit closer.

"He'll be perfect," he answered reassuringly. "He's our first," he said to the Caretaker who could truly not care less. She didn't bother looking up from her papers. The door to the meeting room hissed open and a couple stepped out, flanking a newly picked up young lady. She glanced around curiously, taking everything in as she refilled her memory. There was no crossing of the dimensions; babies entered the First Dimension and emerged educated and behaved and prepared to fit seamlessly into the Second Dimension.

"You can enter," the Caretaker said irascibly, nodding towards the door. The parents nearly stumbled as they leapt from the chairs in excitement and entered the meeting room. A moment later, the door on the opposite side of the room hissed open and a stolid youth stepped gingerly into the Second Dimension.

"Mother. Father," he said politely, nodding curtly. The mother broke into tears and rushed forwards to pull him into her arms. The father stood back, admiring the marvelous specimen they had created eighteen years ago. "Let's go," the young man demanded, leading both of them out the door with a slight limp. The father frowned, curiously observing his son's tense demeanor. They drove home in silence, the young man soaking in the world of the Second Dimension without emotion.

"Leave us," the father commanded his wife as they got home. Alone in the room, he stared sternly at his son who matched him inch for inch, breathing sharply. "Ground rules," he began. "I'm in charge-"

He fell silent as his son sat and removed first his shoes and then his socks, one by one. He dropped them on the clean floor, staining the polished tile with blood. He scooted back on the chair, lifting his legs to show the soles of his feet and the letters finely etched into the skin. The father gasped slightly and the son nodded, clenching his jaw in pain. 

"I knew they wouldn't let us remember so I carved it into my feet. Everything they do to us to make us exactly how they want."*****

The Oqaens ship left the six of us on a remote beach in the middle of the night, the glow of the moon revealing the White Mountains in the distance. There was snow up to our ankles, but we had come prepared and our gear kept us warm. A light snowfall began as we started walking through the foothills towards the mountains. We had slept on the ship until the beach was in sight so that we could travel in the night, planning on resting in a cave once we were in the mountains. I led the way and Borlor brought up the back, making sure nobody fell behind. 

Thado walked beside me, and we filled each other in on the events since our capture. We walked through the night, making excellent progress, unbothered by riders who rarely ventured towards the mountains. As the sun rose, we could see smoke from cooking fires at Nix curling up in the distance, the pass itself hidden by the massive mountains. Hera, Thado and myself carried bows and a pair of lighter swords while Glor carried two massive battleaxes. Khaan carried throwing knives and a long staff, his weapon of choice. Borlor, by far the biggest and strongest of us, carried a large maul and a thick sword, both of which would have required both arms if any of the rest of us used them.

We painted a fearsome image, armed to the teeth and hardened by countless battles over the years. Hera was tall and blonde, as most of the warrior women were, her facial features pretty and defined. She had a scar that reached from behind her right ear down to her left shoulder, but wore her hair to cover it. She was the one I knew least, but Aella had assured me that she was reliable and resilient.

Thado was the smallest of the group, and relied on his cunningness and wits instead of the brute strength of Glor or Borlor. He was quick to smile, and loved a battle where he could out think an opponent and leave them wondering how they came to have a sword run through them. He had been a stable boy before Erathron was overthrown and over the years he had taught me many finer skills with the sword. We had met each other in an adventure in the castle when we were younger and had remained friends since, fighting Raxar together.

I thought of Gaial and hoped I would be forgiven for leaving without her. She had always been close to her sisters and wanted nothing more than to be among us rescuing Halna. I remembered back to when the three of them would play in the castle grounds, the watchful eye of the guards keeping them protected. Gaial was twelve years older than Renea, and four years older than Halna, so she was quite the young lady by the time Renea was born. There had long been suitors, but Erathron had insisted that the girls find their own man in their own time. 

A hand on my shoulder broke me from my daydreams and I turned around to where Thado pointed. Atop a nearby peak, a lone figure stood, too far for us to tell if it was looking our way or not.

"Snowmen?" Hera asked, and Thado nodded grimly.

"I guarantee they have seen us already. They let their victims know their presence before striking, knowing there is nowhere to hide and nothing to be done."

Glor spat, as I expected he would, and Khaan spoke with his usual calmness. "No point stopping. If they've seen us, they will attack when they do. Let's continue." And we did, pacing our way through the snow as the foothills grew larger, seamlessly turning into the mountains. To our left, the smoke from fires at Nix still curled upwards, and we steered well clear of paths that might be patrolled by the Ice Guard. We would much rather face the Snowmen than the Ice Guard since the last thing we wanted was for the guard at Akull to know we were coming.

A figure materialized from the snow in front of us and Hera raised her bow threateningly. We drew our swords, prepared for an ambush, but the figure held up a hand, commanding or requesting that we pause.

"What business do you have in these mountains, travelers? Do you not know that us Snowmen kill all who enter?" The man was pale, and the fur he wore was snow white, making him difficult to see even though we knew he was there.

"We travel avoiding the Ice Guard. Our destination is Akull, and we request safe passage through your lands." The man chuckled evilly, shaking his head.

"We offer safe passage to nobody, unless they come bearing an abundance of food, which you do not. As far as I can see, the six of you are food, so you will be killed if you do not turn back. You have been warned." Without another word and before we could react, he had disappeared, invisible in the snow. 

Khaan broke the eerie silence that had set in. "We travel with swords drawn now. Let's continue." We did, but I couldn't shake the feeling that we were being watched. As we entered the depths of the mountains, avoiding peaks as we criss-crossed through the valleys and passes, an invisible enemy always seemed to be behind each rock and tree, eyeing us as we made our way.

We paused to rest as we came across a rocky clearing. "Three stand guard, three rest. We continue in an hour." The land around us seemed clear, but each mound of snow could have been a Snowman, concealed in his element. I rested first, taking a quick nap before Glor shook me awake.

"Guide. You, Hera and Borlor guard." I grumbled but rose to my feet and he lay down where I had been. 

The three of us stood with our backs to each other, each facing a different direction. Hera broke the silence after a few minutes.

"How many days travel is it?"

"A week," I answered, and Borlor grumbled something about the Snowmen slowing us down.

"We'll take care of them," Hera stated with confidence, and Borlor chuckled to himself, shaking his head doubtfully.

A low whistling made us snap to attention, and Thado started from his sleep, a concerned look on his face. "The Snowmen. It's the Snowmen," he said loudly, jumping to his feet and preparing his bow. There was no movement, but the whistling sound continued, stirring the others out of their sleep. 

"What is the sound for, Thado? Where are they?" His eyes were darting from side to side, trying to spot an imperfection in the mounds of snow that would reveal our enemy.

"They whistle before attacking or sometimes just to scare their enemies. It could be anything and they could be anywhere." Borlor swung his maul at the nearest snow-covered rock, crushing it to bits. The whistling stopped abruptly, and we stood in silence, grouped in a circle facing outwards. We waited, peering into the whiteness trying to spot somebody until Khaan decided we had to keep moving.

"Let's go. There's nobody here," he stated, and nobody objected. We began moving again, glancing behind us and to the sides suspiciously. As we came to the top of a peak, we found a set of fresh footprints that disappeared into the trees.

"The whistler was here. He won't be far," Thado stated, and he looked towards me. I nodded, and he broke into a run, following the tracks into the trees. The rest of us followed, weapons drawn, hunting down our invisible enemy. Thado leapt over a ditch, skillfully spinning around in the air to unleash an arrow into the bottom of the bank where the rest of us stood. There was a muffled grunt and he jumped into the ditch, drawing his sword. I followed him into the ditch to find one of the Snowmen bleeding from the arrow in his leg.

"How did you know he was there?" I demanded, and Thado just grinned at me, holding his sword to the neck of the Snowman who stopped squirming at the touch of the cold metal. The man looked up at us, blue eyes devoid of emotion. 

"When is the attack coming?" Thado asked, crouching down next to him. The man laughed and I recognized him as the same one who had confronted us as we entered the mountains. Thado drew a dagger and held it near the man's knee and the laughter stopped. He stared at us defiantly, but a hint of concern crept into his eyes as Thado started digging the dagger into him. 

He finally broke as the knife crept under his kneecap. "Tomorrow night. You sleep fine tonight, they don't plan on coming. Tomorrow night they strike at dawn, right when the guard is about to change." It was Thado's turn to laugh now.

"That wasn't so difficult, Snowman. Tell your people to not attack us and nobody else gets hurt." Without another word, he cut through the man's knee, crippling him as he lay on the ground, and his eyes widened in shock and pain which quickly turned into fury. He reached up, grasping for Thado's neck, but a swift kick to the head knocked him out. Thado removed the arrow from the man's leg and stripped him of his weapons to hide them in the snow. He then removed the Snowman's white furs, throwing them over himself and turning to me grinning. "Five more and we'll all be as invisible as them."

"Let's go. They'll find him soon enough but this gives us some time," I said as we climbed out of the ditch, leaving the Snowman with his mangled leg lying unconscious in the ditch. 

They fell behind me again as we continued into the mountains, always keeping Nix to our left. We found a small cave as night fell and we broke out the dry food from our packs. Two stood guard together as the others rested, and the night passed without commotion. 

I awoke with the sun the next morning, checking to make sure that Khaan and Hera were awake as their guard shift ended. 

"Anything?" I asked, and Khaan shook his head. The Snowmen were somewhere, most likely watching us, but the attack didn't come. 

Loud shouts from near our cave startled the others out of their sleep, and we crouched in the darkness of the cave, prepared to fight. 

"Snowmen?" Glor asked and I shook my head.

"Too loud. It must be an Ice Guard patrol." Thado nodded in agreement and signaled us to remain quiet, hidden in the shadows. The guards strolled by the entrance, laughing as they talked. We stared at them, hoping their inspection was cursory. I finally breathed again as they shouted that the cave was clear and continued their patrol, making their way in the direction we came from.

"Guide," I heard a whisper from my side and realized Borlor had been crouching beneath me. "I thought we were staying clear of Nix. What in the name of the gods are you doing?"

I shook my head at him, more annoyed with myself than anything, and we packed our stuff to continue walking. As we came to the top of the first peak of the day, we stared down towards a mighty pass, cleared of rocks and blocked by a series of massive fortresses. We must have wandered too close to the pass when we chased the Snowman, or perhaps we had drifted that way as we wove through the mountains. 

"Nix?" Hera asked as she lay beside me, peering over the cliff that bordered the pass. 

"Nix. We have strayed a bit off course but should still be on schedule. We should move before they see us." She nodded and we scooted away from the edge. As I stood, Thado nudged my arm and pointed in the direction we were headed to where a group of Snowmen observed us. "An attack party?" I asked him.

"No. They're just watching. They must have found the whistler by now, or realized he was missing. They will attack tonight like he said." The Snowmen had disappeared as silently as they had shown themselves and we made our way down from the peak, continuing towards Akull. The mountains would turn back into foothills sometime tomorrow, and then would come the tundra. They said it was an endless frozen desert of rocks, only broken by the occasional outpost here and there. The nearest of those outposts was Akull, where it was said Halna was held. 

The Snowmen trailed us throughout the day, letting us know they were there but keeping a safe distance. We didn't fire at them, looking to conserve arrows, but Hera threatened them several times and each time they disappeared into the snow. 

"How do they hide so well? It's more than just the furs," she complained, peering into the whiteness for a hint of where they had gone.

"They are only half human," Thado started, earning a surprised look from Khaan. 

"What are you saying? Only half human? That whistler seemed all human."

Thado nodded knowingly before continuing. "When they lay down and breathe with the ground, they become the snow. It is when they panic or fight or run that they are human. That's when you kill them."

Khaan frowned as we walked, kicking a chunk of ice out of his way. "How do you know so much of them, Thado?"

"When I escaped from Nix, the Ice Guard and Snowmen hunted me down. I spent two months in the mountains, hiding and running, until the hunter became the hunted and I turned on the Snowmen, gradually hunting them down and killing many of them. The longer you are here, the more you learn how to blend in with the snow and rocks, how to become one of them. And if you stay long enough, a part of you freezes over and you become more like the Snowmen than like one of us." I shook my head, unsure if the last part was fact or myth but not particularly caring to ask.

We found a cave, larger than the one we had occupied the previous night. Nix was a day's walk behind us now and the Ice Guard was unlikely to venture so far on a patrol. This was Snowman territory now, and we could feel their eyes on us as we prepared defenses for the inevitable attack.

"If we can make a fire, we will hold the power of a hundred men against them. They fear it and it harms them more than anything," Thado explained to us as we prepared a small meal and he searched for dry wood. 

"How do they cook the meat they hunt then?" Hera asked, making Thado laugh.

"They don't. They eat it all raw. They are savages, the worst of the tribes around the kingdom." Glor spat in response to this, perhaps wishing to claim the title as his own. In comparison, the tribes we had gathered around Braestol were tame and cultured civilizations next to the savagery of the Snowmen. The Snowmen had no allegiance and ate the raw meat of their victims, indifferent of who it had been in life.

We decided to sleep in groups of three to be better prepared for the attack, and Thado directed us to keep the embers of the small fire he had prepared glowing so that they could be called upon when they came. I was up for the shift at dawn with him and Borlor when a dozen shapes materialized at the entrance to our cave. A low whistling went up, stirring Khaan, Hera and Glor from their sleep, and we stood, preparing to fight. Thado turned towards the embers, nudging them and fueling them with dry branches as he revived the fire. Soon, dozens of Snowmen stood outside the cave, hungry blue eyes glowing in the dim light as they drew their weapons.

"Light your arrows," I commanded Thado and Hera as I did the same. We had coated the tips in flammable oil wisely brought by Thado, and I could see the eyes of the Snowmen tremble as they realized what we were doing. "If they so much as step into the cave, fire at them."

The whistling gradually grew louder, presumably signalling the start of the attack. The moment the first of the Snowmen stepped into the cave, we let our arrows fly and their fiendish, pale bodies burst into shards as the fire licked at their furs and cloaks. With a mighty roar, the Snowmen charged, and Borlor and Glor took the front line, swinging their maul and battleaxes, crushing the Snowmen where they stood. Khaan guarded our flank with staff in hand, disarming and disabling them with finesse. To our left was the wall of the cave, offering both protection and prison as we either fought or died, nowhere to run.

I let another arrow fly into the mass of Snowmen and they screamed as the fire shattered them. But still they pressed, more pouring in through the entrance to the cave. Thado yelled at me through the roars of battle, concern pressing at his face.

"There are far too many and they keep coming!" I nodded as I notched another arrow into my bow, picking out a target before letting fly. 

Hera responded, picking up a cloak and soaking it in the fire oil. "If Borlor wraps his maul in fire, we can fight them back to the entrance of the cave." I shouted my agreement but Thado shook his head, not wanting to pull Borlor back from the line. I drew my two swords, replacing him as he took a step back, and leapt into the fight, swinging at the nearest Snowman. They fought like brutes, whipping their swords around with no specific plan. I channeled what Thado had taught me throughout the years, attacking with purpose and defending tactically. I stepped back, inviting the Snowman before me forwards, and he eagerly advanced, his face turning to surprise as I ran him through. I cut down another as he swung and missed, leaving his face exposed.

A massive hand grabbed my shoulder and pulled me back as Borlor retook his place in line, his maul flaming as he swung it in unison with his massive sword. He advanced, carving a circle through the middle of the Snowmen ranks and they turned and ran, escaping the fiery death that awaited in the cave. 

"They will be back," Thado stated as we looked at the remains of countless Snowmen strewn about the cave.

"We won't be here. Let's go." Khaan crouched beside Thado, who was rolling the embers of the fire into a small ball, mixing it with a substance he had pulled from his bag.

"This way the fire won't stop burning. Next time they attack, we will be ready," he explained as he packed dry leaves and some wood into his pack. He gingerly placed the ball of embers into a small bag, taking care not to choke it of air or let it touch the dry material. The rest of us grabbed the furs laying around, making sure we would be as white as the snow itself.

The Snowmen didn't show themselves that day or the next, finally approaching us on the fifth day of our journey. The moment a figure materialized from the snow to our right, Thado dropped to his knees, rejuvenating the embers he had taken care to keep alive, and Hera prepared an arrow. The Snowman raised his hands cautiously, not looking to bring our wrath upon himself, and approached us.

"Travelers. You are brave, and we respect bravery in these parts."

Thado interrupted him. "You are scared. We fight better and you fear our fire." Glor spat towards the Snowman, who shrugged.

"Perhaps. Our whistler who you crippled informs us that you travel towards Akull." I nodded and the Snowman continued. "Our council has met and our great fighter Sumalak has decided to spare you." Glor spat again and Hera doused her arrow in the fire, prompting the Snowman to get to his point. His face turned fearful as he eyed the fire and he quickly continued. "We offer you safe passage, through this land and back."

"On what condition? You don't have the reputation of being the most benevolent of tribes," I responded, and Thado nodded in agreement. Borlor stood with his back to the Snowman, on guard for any others appearing. I heard him gasp slightly and I turned. Over a hundred Snowmen stood before him and around us, surrounding us in the middle of the open. 

"We know you seek the middle child, Princess Halna. You don't just rescue her. You help us destroy Akull, and the guards become our food. You receive safe passage to Akull and back to your ship." I surveyed the army around us, realizing this was not so much a suggestion as a threat to comply, and nodded.

"Agreed. Together, we attack Akull. Your leader orders you to stop attacking us, and we harm no more Snowmen." The group of Snowmen behind us divided to allow someone to pass.

A massive figure, standing a head taller than Borlor and several heads taller than the other Snowmen, stepped forward.

"I am Sumalak, the greatest fighter of the Snowmen, look forward to fighting beside you. You are invited to our feast after the fight, if you so wish." I snorted and shook my head. "Very well. We see you outside Akull." With that, they disappeared, leaving us shaken but relieved that no other attacks would have to be dealt with.

We saw Akull on the seventh day, as I had said we would. The outpost was pitifully small next to the vastness of the land it was supposed to guard, its wooden walls offering more protection against the elements than against an actual enemy. They relied on the fact that the Snowmen feared their fire. We painstakingly crept through the rocks, taking care to conceal ourselves from the pacing guards. Snowmen gradually joined us, appearing out of the snow. Sumalak appeared next to me, his massive frame still managing to blend into the snow. 

The Ice Guard and Snowmen had an unspoken understanding to not attack each other, but a large part of it was due to the Snowmen's fear of fire. We crept ahead of the Snowmen, preparing to launch the attack. With Thado's ember glowing, we now had the means to attack the outpost, and as we neared the walls, he prepared to light a fire. A shout went up from the outpost, and as they launched a volley of flaming arrows that landed harmlessly in the open snow, Thado, Hera and I fired back with ours. The fire caught in the wooden walls of the outpost as the guards scrambled to their posts.

Sumalak cackled beside me, delighted at our use of fire against a common enemy. He ordered his men forwards, led by Borlor and Glor who smashed their way through the walls, opening Akull to the hungry Snowmen. I followed them in, ignoring the Ice Guards who would be dealt with by the Snowmen, and rushed towards the commander's lodge before the others got there. I found him preparing himself for battle, and I rushed in, holding my sword to his neck.

"You are human... Yet you fight with the Snowmen?" He stuttered, visibly surprised.

"I come for Halna on orders of Queen Gaial. Where is she?" His face turned grave and he shook his head before pointing me out the back door of the lodge. I led him out, sword still held high in case he attacked me.

He directed me to a small mound tucked against the back wall, covered by snow. I ordered him to brush the snow off and he obeyed, crouching down to reveal what was underneath. I stared in shock as a face appeared, and then the rest of a body, frozen solid from being left out in the snow.

"Raxar sent her here on orders that she be left to die. She has been dead since he sent the message to Queen Gaial warning her to not attack." I felt the anger grow in my chest as I stared at her frozen, lifeless body, killed far before its time. Thado burst outside, followed by a dozen Snowmen who quickly set upon the commander as I pushed him towards them.

"She's dead. She has been dead," I told him, and he stared at the body in disbelief.

"Gaial will kill every last one of them," he muttered, and I nodded. "What do we do?"

"She will kill us too if we don't deliver the body. We will have Borlor carry her. She is frozen enough that she will last until we return to Braestol. Let's go. There's nothing for us here." I spat at the ground and kicked the wall in anger. Carefully, taking care to not harm her body, we carved Halna from the icy grip of the ground.

Sumalak approached us as we exited the smoldering outpost, his men feasting on the bodies of the Ice Guard. "Travelers," he said, and we stopped and turned, Borlor carefully setting down Halna's body which he was holding over his shoulders. "When you return to wage your war upon the Ice Guard, as you surely will, consider our help. If you help us attack the outposts and give us the guards as food, we will allow your armies safe passage and will fight by your side. We are at war with the Ice Guard now, and will gladly fight with you if food is promised. Safe travels. My men will be watching you but we will not attack you." He bowed slightly and took his leave, off to feast on his victims. I shuddered at the thought of the gruesome feast the Snowmen were having inside Akull before turning back towards the mountains.

Borlor shouldered Halna's cold, hard body again and we began walking, heads hanging. I wondered how Gaial would react to the death of her sister, our premature departure without her now irrelevant. I shook my head to myself, ruing that I had not been able to protect Erathron's children as he would have expected, and now one was dead and the other would be filled with a destructive bitterness. Now, at least, we could wage war unhindered, and none of us doubted that the armies at Braestol would soon march towards the capital and that Raxar would feel Queen Gaial's wrath.[WP] Your guardian angel has finally decided to make her presence known by moving in next door. That would be fine and all, if you weren't actually a demon possessing the person they came for. Now you have to try your best to not let your cover get blown.

*****

She brought me cookies when she moved in. Seriously? Who does that? Some nefarious, twisted bitch looking to exacerbate my gluten allergy, that's who. "They're gluten-free," she said sweetly. Bitch. I smiled my nicest smile, making sure my mouth wasn't stretched too wide and that no horns were sticking out through my head.

"You are too nice!" I said in that tone that mother's at the local PTA meetings use when they absolutely despise the other mother but need to save face in front of all the other bored, middle-aged mothers who are way too involved in their children's lives. "Just the sweetest," I cooed. I would love to grind her up and put her in my coffee. So sweet. Just kidding. I'm a demon. I like my coffee black like what remains of the souls I possess once I'm done with them.

"My name is Angelica," she said with a smile that would make heads turn. Mine turns 180 degrees. Want to see? I'll show you once I remove myself from this hideous human outfit. Of course her name was Angelica. So fucking angelic, I could puke. "Do you mind if I come in?" she asked innocently. "I love getting to know my neighbors and your house is so pretty!" Pretty? Really? This dump? Pretty is the molten pits of a volcano or the bottomless pits of Hell. This piece of plaster wouldn't stand a chance against a volcano, I'll promise you that. I'll show you once I'm done destroying the rest of the city. I have so much to show you... Maybe we can have a sleepover afterwards, I just have to get the okay from Lucifer that it's okay to feed you the souls of the damned. They are delicious.

"I'm sorry, Angremlinca," I said quickly and she frowned a little. Shit. Not a gremlin and definitely not her name. "I'm feeling a little bit... in the pits today." I could really use a pit right now. A bottomless pit down which I would toss this impractical human body.

"Oh no," she said and I could see her eyes tear up. Seriously? I wasn't even a dead puppy or a starving child. I was a lying person who doesn't want a filthy outsider in their house. Imagine how she would tear up if a demon burst out of this human's chest and sent red splatter all over the place like some sort of modern art exhibit. I resisted the urge to do just that. "I'll bring you some soup," she offered. I don't think she heard my rejection.

"Why are you being so nice to me? You just met me," I asked accusingly. Her eyes softened a little more. Somehow. Softies. She wouldn't last a second in a soul-eating contest.

"Well," she said quietly, scooting up uncomfortably close to me. I'm a stickler for personal space. I love invading people's space and destroying their world but I would really rather not be close to strangers on their terms. "I'm your guardian angel," she said to me with that horrible, beautiful smile. She winked. I swear that wink could drop pants. Not mine though, otherwise she would see those gnarled knees and clawed feet. I wasn't entirely ready when she came to the door.

"Lovely," I responded mindlessly. I knew this already. Lucy - that's what I call Lucifer - had given me a heads up about this. "Ishmael," Lucy had said to me, using my current human's name just to rile me up and make fury fire come out of my nose. "Ishmael, you'll be having a visitor," he had warned. Lovely. I love visitors. I love visitors to the fiery entrance of Hell, not to this place. He had cackled when he told me who it was and had given me a pretty detailed dossier about her. I couldn't take it anymore. She was too nice. "Why do I need a guardian angel?" I asked. Maybe I could gain some insight into the workings of that miserable happy place they call Heaven. What a stupid name. Heave-in a bag would be more accurate.

"There are bad things happening," she explained, a dark cloud of concern passing over her face. I love dark clouds. Especially combined with massive claps of thunder and lightning bolts that could fry the sun. "We've received word that a demon has been sent to possess you."

"Oh, no," I said dramatically in mock horror. She bought it, hook, line and sinker. Hook her, line her up and sink her. That'd be better. There's a pond out back that would do just fine. "What if they succeed?" I asked, pretending to be immensely interested in what the worst case scenario could possibly be. Surely we couldn't let the demons succeed. That would be catastrophic.

She frowned now. Nice. I love frowns. Not quite as much as screams of pain, but it would do. "They won't," she said confidently. Yeah, right. "Anyways," she said, her face brightening again. Ugh. Awful. I preferred her frown. "What kind of soup would you like?"

I thought for a second. Soup. Human soup would be lovely. Blood with a sprinkle of bones and maybe a little bit of hair in there. "Anything spicy," I said. "As spicy as you've got." She nodded and smiled and left me the cookies and sort of skipped back to her house. I kept hoping for her to trip and fall on a forgotten spike or break her neck or something delightful. I was disappointed. Just like I was disappointed in the cookies. I sprinkled some hot sauce on them. Much better.*****

The tribes gathered around Braestol were itching for combat by the time we returned, and the instant they saw Halna's lifeless body, groups set off across the desert to raid Raxar's armies. Queen Gaial rushed out to greet us, and her eyes darkened as she saw her sister's corpse. She retired to her bed chambers, commanding not to be disturbed under any circumstances. 

Borlor set the thawing body down gently and a group of servants rushed to take it away and prepare it for a royal burial. "What now?" Borlor asked me as the other travelers set off to rejoin with their peoples. 

I shook my head, unsure as to how Queen Gaial would react. "War, I imagine. The only question is when and how." Borlor nodded and took his leave, and I wandered across the piers to where Leader Akuai's ship still rested. 

"Guide," he greeted me quietly. "I imagine today you do not come to ask me for anything."

I didn't respond as he poured me a cup of tea and I took a couple sips before speaking. "I come for advice, not for help." He nodded and I continued. "Having known King Erathron well, and seeing how the queen has responded to the news, I imagine war is imminent."

"Thank you for saving me a trip to the oracle, Guide," he responded with a hint of resentment. "When kings and queens wage war, its the soldiers who die. She is angry and will be reckless, and our men will be decimated."

I nodded, knowing he was right. "That's why I'm here. We are on strict orders to not disturb her, so I would like to call a war council so that we can discuss how the attacks should occur. She need not be told. Once she requests our presence, we are better off having agreed on a plan than going in empty handed."

Akuai turned to send his men out to call the tribe leaders and Aella and Borlor to a meeting, but stopped to speak to me before leaving. "Do not think everything will go exactly as you expect, Guide. Many things happen that you might not see." I cocked my head at him and opened my mouth to ask what he meant but he excused himself, only returning once the first of the leaders had been summoned. We huddled inside the cabin of his ship, cramped around a makeshift table that had been erected to display a map of the kingdom.

"Borlor, how suited are the tribes to storm the walls?" Before our trip to the Land of Ice, he had been working with them day and night to instill some discipline and tactics into the ranks.

"They are forty thousand strong and will do what needs to be done. I warn you though, the city will be pillaged if they enter first. The men are wild and thirsty for reward." I frowned in spite of knowing this would happen. Their reward would be full control of the lands to the north of the capital, assuming the capital was left standing. I turned towards Akuai, prompting him to describe his forces.

"I have twenty thousand men not counting crews and enough ships to carry all our armies twice over," Akuai said. "The bay is said to be weak, and a hundred ships have already set sail to destroy what might be left of their navy and to create a blockade on the ocean side of the city."

I nodded in approval. "Excellent. You will take Aella and her army to the end of the bay. She will take care of the towers protecting the bay and then march on the city while you and your men will attack the harbor itself. It will be stronger than I last saw it, but they will be preoccupied with other fronts."

"And you, Guide?" Borlor asked, staring at me keenly. 

All heads turned as the door to the cabin opened and a voice interrupted us. Queen Gaial stood at the entrance to the room, flanked by Akuai's aides who looked sheepish at their failed attempts to prevent her from entering the cabin. I bowed my head, as did the others in the cabin. She glared at each of us, her eyes resting on me. "I will lead Braestol's four thousand men against the wall." It was a statement, not to be contradicted.

"Your wish, your Majesty. And where shall I be then?" I had planned on leading the army at Braestol and now found myself without a command. I dreaded the idea of joining Akuai on the ships, helpless to fight as the oarsmen avoided projectiles as they moved us to shore. An assault on the wall was more glorious, but without men behind me I would stand as any other soldier. 

"Raxar's men are a hundred and thirty thousand strong. They outnumber us near two to one. How do you propose to deal with that? A man behind a wall is worth well more than a man on a ladder trying to fight his way in," she asked without answering my question. There were murmurs of agreement as heads turned back towards the map. "You said so yourself, Guide. If an army is led across the desert, the Riders will pick away at men until there is but a skeleton left. The Riders number five thousand, give or take some units. What do you plan to do with them? Let them attack our rear as we bunker down to lay siege to the capital? Reinforcements will stream in from all around the kingdom. The capital has thirty thousand men. It's the least of your concerns once the rest of the armies surround you."

"What do you propose, your Majesty? Striking at the capital gives us the best chance of bringing Raxar's commanders to their senses and siding with the true heir to the throne."

She shook her head, still glaring at the men in the room. I had expected a stern rebuke for setting off without her to rescue Halna, and the men in the room seemed to have been expecting her to recklessly order a full frontal assault, but she had arrived far calmer than anybody expected. "I do not care who they side with. They are already traitors. No matter who they fight with now, I will have them each executed or I will die trying." There was another wave of agreement and Glor stomped his foot, delighted with her bravado.

"What do you propose, your Majesty?" I asked again, all eyes carefully following our exchange. I looked at Akuai, having expected more support from him but I realized he was smiling quietly. Queen Gaial turned towards him, allowing him to answer instead.

"As you know, Guide, we are all here due to our loyalty to the late King Erathron and the true heir to the kingdom, Queen Gaial. However, loyalty and bloodline count for little when we are outnumbered two to one against a king capable of buying any allegiance." He rose to open the door to the cabin, allowing in a slender man with dark black hair and piercing blue eyes. Borlor and Thado lurched forwards, hands at their swords but a barked command from Queen Gaial made them freeze.

I glowered at the man who stood with a smirk in the doorway. "Captain Agayus," I said coldly, and he bowed his head towards me.

"At your command, until the war is over," he responded and I turned my head towards Queen Gaial who now stood beside him.

"What is the meaning of this? He is Raxar's right-hand man. What is he doing amongst us? Who captured him?" He was more than just Raxar's right-hand man. He commanded the Riders who were set to terrorize us on every step of the journey towards the capital. He had once been a knight, sirred by King Erathron, and had accumulated several thousand soldiers over the years, practiced at fighting on horseback. When Raxar took power, Agayus had sold himself to the highest bidder, and Raxar, eyeing his five thousand Riders with a greedy eye, had immediately bought his services.

She shook her head at me and invited Agayus to sit with at the table, as only the leaders had been allowed. "He is no longer Raxar's right-hand man. Raxar purchases his men, and a man purchased once is easily purchased twice. Agayus fights for us now, and you will together lead his Riders around the kingdom to draw troops away from the capital.

I slammed my fist down on the table, losing my temper. "At what price? What city have you promised this man who shifts allegiance more easily than the wind?" I found myself yelling, and only Thado's hand on my arm stopped me from drawing my sword.

Queen Gaial shifted uncomfortably before softly clearing her throat. "If he helps us defeat Raxar, I will wed him a fortnight after the kingdom is mine again and he will be King Agayus." Without another word, she turned and left the cabin and the leaders of the tribes followed suit. Soon just Agayus, Thado, Akuai and Aella were left with me. 

"I should kill you now, you traitor," I spat at him. 

He smiled at me mockingly and Thado again restrained my arm. "You kill me, and my Riders ride against your Queen, and nobody gets through the dessert. Think, Guide. What's it to you who she weds? We leave tomorrow." He turned and followed the others out and I looked despairingly at Thado who shook his head.

"Sit, Guide," Akuai commanded, and I joined him and Aella at the table.

"You knew about this?" I asked accusingly, and he nodded gravely. "Why did you let this happen? She will be queen only in name. It is he who will wield the power."

Akuai held up a hand to silence me. "Like he told you, Guide. Think." I frowned at him and he continued. "Many things happen in war. You will be riding with this man for several moons as you draw forces towards you."

"What are you suggesting, Leader Akuai?"

He shrugged. "Nothing, Guide. Just know that sometimes things happen. A horse slips and takes its rider down with it or an arrow finds the wrong target."

I gaped at him. "Are you suggesting I kill Agayus once he is no longer needed? That is treason."

Akuai shrugged again. "Do as you must, Guide. Just remember that when you depart with the Riders, you will not be among friends, and if you allow the marriage to happen, this kingdom will not be your home for much longer. Agayus is not an honorable man and I know there is no love lost between the two of you. Do as you must, and know that whatever you choose to do, you have my full support."

"And mine," Aella added before they both left the cabin to me and Thado.

"Thado, old friend, what do I do? It is treason and as honorless as what Raxar did."

He looked at me, taking a deep breath before speaking. "You loved King Erathron and you love Queen Gaial. Agayus is a man who loves nothing but the sound of gold in his pocket and the look of gold trim on all he owns. He is no friend of Queen Gaial's and no friend of the kingdom. Ride with him for as long as the kingdom needs you to, but do not forget that he will always be your enemy."*****

The fire licked at my legs for a second before I burst into the beach beyond it, my shadow outlined against the flames. Khaan was fighting a warrior woman, arrow still sticking out of his arm. He parried a blow before smashing the hilt of his sword against her face, sending her stumbling back. Arrows flew by in both directions and warriors poured out of the trees to engage us in hand-to-hand combat.

I swung my sword towards one of my attackers, forcing her back, before kicking out, catching her in the stomach. She doubled over and I brought my shield down against the base of her neck and she crumbled in a heap.

"Khaan, fall back!" He was isolated, surrounded by a half-dozen women. Our archers had advanced off the safety of the boat, passing through the fire to pin-point their targets. I charged forward, catching one of the women around Khaan with a blow to the back, then turning to face the enemies that surrounded us again. We fought back to back, but each time we cut down one of the warriors, three seemed to replace her. We fought our way back to the rest of the crew, a semi-circle forming around the archers, our backs against the fire. The flames, meant to keep us at bay, served as protection from flanking and as fuel for flaming arrows to light up the forest. 

We surveyed the bodies littered across the beach as the first hint of dawn broke, the embers of the fire glowing behind us. The attacks lessened in strength and frequency until just the occasional arrow flew out of the trees to keep us on guard.  We had lost eleven men, the young Serna among them, and another several were too wounded to fight.

"We need wood to repair the ship." I nodded. That was why we found ourselves on this godforsaken land of warrior women. We ventured a few men towards the tree line but they were beat back by arrows that flew dangerously close. We were prepared to move as a unit when a horn sounded and several women on horses emerged from the trees. They carried a plain flag, symbolizing a truce.

"Archers, weapons down but on guard," I quietly commanded and they obeyed, staring towards the procession suspiciously. 

The riders parted to reveal a woman dressed in ornate golden armor with a flowing plume coming from her helmet. She removed it, handing it to one of her soldiers, and spoke to us from a distance.

"Strange men who have arrived on the land of Mna with intent to fight, we respect your valiant effort." The men chuckled, the casualty count pointing towards a quite successful night for us. She continued, ignoring them or not hearing them. "I am Aella, Queen of the Warrior Women. We come in peace now, as we do not wish to lose more warriors just to needlessly crush your brave souls. Our heavy weapons have been kept at bay, but if you continue to defy us we will bring them forwards to kill every last man."

"We come from the kingdom across the ocean. Our fight is not against you. We seek the Oqaens so that they may provide us ships to fight against an enemy back home. We stop here only to repair our ship." I looked at our ragtag crew, now under thirty able men. If these women had an army at their hands, as it was rumored they did, we would not last the day. The men were tired and most were injured.

She dismounted her horse now, coming towards us as her guards scrambled to keep her protected. She waved them off and stopped between the two groups. I set down my sword and approached her, hands empty at my sides.

"We respect your warriors," she said to me as I introduced myself. "Your men fought better than any enemy we have encountered."

I nodded, bowing my head in respect as I imagined was appropriate. "We only need wood. We do not wish to kill more of your warriors, but I have been given a mission to service my Queen." 

She tilted her head, clearly interested at this. "You serve a Queen, you say?" I nodded in response, detailing the story of Erathron and Raxar and Gaial's rightful claim to the thrown. She signaled for me to wait and turned to walk back towards her warriors to discuss the situation. A group of them rushed off as she returned.

"We will align ourselves with your cause. Rest your men. My women will bring you wood to fix your boat, and tomorrow you will leave with a full crew, my best women travelling with you. Pass by our land as you return, and my warriors will accompany you to your kingdom. We stand by your Queen Gaial and any woman who fights a wretched man." I bowed, smiling, and she nodded at her warriors. A group advanced, following me back to my men who still stood tensely.

"At ease, men. They have aligned themselves to our cause, and tomorrow we sail for the Isle of Stones. These women will accompany us to ensure that we have a full crew." A few of the men collapsed, relieved at finally being able to rest, and the women climbed aboard, beginning to patch the damaged ship and to restock our supplies. I rested in a makeshift shelter erected on the beach, speaking to Queen Aella and her most trusted soldiers.

She stood by me as we completed our preparations the next morning, hundreds of her women bustling around the beach as we finalized the repairs and became acquainted as allies.

"Take care, Guide.  Travel safe, I've grown fond of you since our battle." I smiled and took my leave as we pushed the rejuvenated ship to sea. The women rowed beside the men as we set out towards the Oqaens.

Khaan approached me as the crescent moon marked our first month at sea. "We should see the cliffs tomorrow," he interrupted as I opened my mouth to greet him. 

I nodded, picturing the map in my head. The Isle of Stones lay between us and the Oqaens, a deep fjord through which the local tribe pummeled ships with stones from above. There was no way up the cliffs from the ocean side. One had to cross the isle into the sea before the cliffs could be easily scaled. Only the Oqaens were allowed safe passage, and their city lay within, protected by the Stonethrowers.

Khaan took his leave without another word, leaving me to my thoughts. There was no way up and no way around the isle, and we had nothing on board to threaten them except arrows. The rocks appeared before us early the next morning, lined with Stonethrowers eager to rain destruction upon us. We paused, just out of reach of their throws and launched a flurry of arrows towards the top of the cliffs. They scattered, and we sat uselessly, trying to take our toll on an enemy that now stood just beyond our reach. 

"Ship," Khaan said simply, before the rest of us saw anything, and a moment later a fast-moving blue vessel emerged from the isle and approached us, several dozen fully armored men threatening us from the side, colored head to toe in a deep sea blue. The Oqaens; the people of the ocean, had emerged from their protective shell to greet us, or perhaps to sink us. I raised my empty hands, signalling that we came in peace, and they brought their ship alongside ours.

"You cannot enter unless you wish to fight the Stonethrowers," the leader informed us bluntly, as if we saw another option. 

I shook my head, explaining our situation. "We come in need of favor from the land across the ocean. We need ships to attack an enemy and we will pay handsomely once the deed is done." Braestol had little to offer now, but the capital had enough riches to pay any debt. 

"One may come. The rest stay." I nodded and stepped aboard their ship. "We return him later, unharmed. Do not approach the isle and you also will not be harmed." The captain nodded his understanding and we seemed to fly over the water, through the isle and into the sea on the other side.

The openness of the sea changed into narrow canals which wound through the city in place of streets, people going about their normal business on boats as we floated past. Homes rose from the water and children played on the rooftops, one of the few outdoor surfaces that weren't water. We floated into a massive palace and I was led off the boat onto dry land where a council stood.

I was greeted by an aging man dressed in the same blue as the others who introduced himself as Akuai, Leader of the Oqaens. "State your business and what you request of us."

"I come from across the ocean, from the city of Braestol, by command of Queen Gaial, daughter of King Erathron." Akuai cut me off sharply, not giving me an opportunity to request his ships.

"What happened to the good King Erathron? He was to visit me and it is many years since I send ships that way. We have everything we need here, after all." They were a secluded people, these Oqaens, harvesting food and resources from the sea and from the swamps on which they built their city. They had little dry land, save for up on the cliffs and within their buildings, but further inland there were trees to make excellent ships, of the type that allowed them to fly over water.

They rarely ventured in our direction, seemingly content with the privacy of their city and restricting themselves to an occasional raid for resources.

"He was killed by Raxar from the Land of Ice, who joined the two kingdoms as one. The old King Erathron's daughter rules what is left now, as Queen Gaial, and we wage war against this false king to retake what is rightfully hers." Akuai's face turned grave and he muttered something to an adviser. 

"What do you need of us, Guide? We stand by the proper heir of King Erathron, who once helped us in our time of need." I sat, slightly shocked, not expecting the warm reception. I came to ask for ships and nothing more.

"May I ask, Leader Akuai, what it is he did?" I was not versed in the happenings of the years before the kingdom took me in. He nodded and stared into the distance before fixing his pale blue eyes on me.

"It was many years before your time, when the gods of nature conspired against us. King Erathron was in his third year as king. We did not know of him or his land before. Mighty waves sped through our cliffs, bringing a man's length of water rushing into our city, destroying everything in their path, and when they left, the fish left with them. We saved the people by rushing to the top of the cliffs, but were left without food and without a city." He paused for a moment, recollecting the events. Erathron spoke little of the past, but had been King for many years before I joined him.

"We sent one of our few remaining ships out to seek help, and by fortune we came across good King Erathron and his kingdom. Twenty days later, before our people began to starve, our ship returned with hundreds of his ships in tow, filled with food and stone and workers to help rebuild our city. Now it still stands, wiser and with protections from the gods of nature, but forever in King Erathron's debt. If his kingdom needs help, we will help."

"Leader Akuai... You mean to say you will send your armies with us?" He smiled now, nodding his head. A coalition of the troops and barbarians in Braestol with the warrior women of Mna and the Oqaens and their navy was a force to be reckoned with. Raxar would begin to grow concerned at the swelling of our ranks and the speed and power with which we would be able to strike. 

"All of them, Guide. Consider it done. An ally of King Erathron's is an ally of ours. Within the next moon, we shall send our ships towards Braestol to meet with your armies. We will help retake the kingdom, and we will help take the Land of Ice to repay our debt."[WP] It is discovered that the longer and more extravagant your death, the more status you gain in the afterlife. The rich and powerful have their deaths planned before they're even born. Your job is to make sure those deaths happen as planned.

*****

I'm an executioner, for lack of a better word. To most people, it brings up thoughts of the guillotine or a hangman's noose. Maybe your mind wanders more to decapitations or electric chairs or firing squads. That type of thing. That's what I would do for you, as an average citizen. A bullet to an artery is a cheap solution. The wrong combination of fatal injections like they used to do back in the twenty-first century is another decent option. You'll last a few minutes, maybe. It'll get you a pretty average spot in the afterlife. People of all ages and shapes and sizes come to me. Some of them pay out the ass for my services, it's crazy. A three-hundred pound dude who can't be more than a few months away from a fatal heart attack as he chows down on a two-pound burger paying me a few thousand dollars to shoot him in an artery so he can go while he snacks? I mean, sure, I'll do it... Business is business and you don't say no to good business.

The rich have it right, I'll tell you that much. They pay me to kill them in ways so excruciatingly slowly that sometimes I almost forget to do as I've been asked. Bacon gives you cancer? There is one elderly lady who had me wallpaper her house in bacon and cook it for her every morning as she smiles and breathes in those supposedly toxic fumes, just to maximize her chance of cancer. Bananas and radiation? You've heard of bubble baths - how about banana baths? I had never seen so many bananas in my life. Everybody is in such a hurry it seems like, trying to make themselves die as slowly as possible so that they can enter the afterlife in an elevated status, that none of them really start to think. You see, sometimes it's not about what you do to ensure your demise. It's about what you do to ward it off and prolong the inevitable. I don't believe in reincarnation or any of that, but when this thought occurred to me, I swear it must have been some long-dead guru whispering in my ear. Forget the nooses. Forget the guns. Forget the poison or the electric chair or getting run over by a truck so that you slowly die from internal bleeding. It's all unnecessary. Really, the only reason I keep doing it is because I love helping out. It's all about self-acceptance, and I accepted my fate long ago.

In a way, it's an industry secret. If I were to tell people the truth, I'd be broke. I wouldn't be able to afford this extravagant lifestyle and this fantastic healthcare. Most jobs cut benefits so long ago that I'm one of a rare handful actively seeking to prolong my life. All part of my realization. It's not about what you do to end your life. It's about what you do to have it not end. We're never actually any more alive than the moment we're born. From that minute on, we are all slowly dying. So my approach is to prolong my life as long as humanly possible. I'll be dying for as long as possible and enter the afterlife in unprecedented status. And you know what they say about longevity? Happy people live longer. A glass of red wine with dinner helps. Eat the placenta. Shit like that. So here I am. Drinking a glass of red wine over dinner as some rich lady bleeds to death in front of me. I do what I can to help. It's what makes me happy.**[WP] Words have literal power. A well constructed sonnet can make a skyscraper. A curse word can actually hurt someone.**





*****

"Quiet," Professor Donegal commanded and the class fell silent. "Precisely my point," he continued as the kids sat in a mixture of terror and awe, their mouths moving but no sound emerging. "For the first ten years of your lives, you have been free from the power of words, for better or for worse." Instead of words, children were disciplined through a mixture of shame and fear, parents tasked with beating into them the severity of misspeaking. The room was quiet now save for the occasional shout of children playing in the courtyard of the academy. 

A student hesitantly raised his hand, his eyes wide with fright. "Release," Donegal whispered under his breath and the room broke into a cacophony of shouts and yells. He tried not to smile but couldn't help himself. Every year their reaction was the same. "Silence!" he bellowed finally and the room snapped into silence again even as the students continued to move their mouths. "Dymitri, speak," he commanded, releasing the boy. 

The boy spoke hesitantly at first as if he were rediscovering his tongue. "I... You... How... What happened?" he finally stammered as his classmates looked on in silence. Professor Donegal warned them to behave and quietly whispered their release and they broke into hushed whispers, desperately trying to avoid his wrath and harmlessly trying to silence each other.

"Words have power, students," he began, glaring at each of them carefully to ensure they were focused. None dared speak in spite of no word having silenced them. "Power to silence, as you just saw." He walked over to the cage covered by a towel in the corner of the room. A mouse scurried along the edges of the cage, oblivious to its impending fate. "Power to kill," he continued. "Die," he hissed. The mouse stiffened and dropped where it stood and the students gasped, one of them even letting out a sob. "Not just mice, students. Power to kill people, if they are untrained or if their mind is weak. Power to do evil."

One of the students timidly raised his hand. "Alex," Professor Donegal called out. 

"Just evil, Professor?" the boy asked and the professor smiled and shook his head. Once, just good, or so it was said. But slowly the evil words began to find a foothold in the vocabulary until they could no longer be ignored. Now they were taught in academies across the planet in hushed tones and dark rooms, preparing students for the inevitable day when they would need use of them.

"No, Alex. Of course not just evil. We would have outlawed the spoken word long ago if it only did evil. It is an all-powerful weapon, yes; but it is also an all-powerful tool." He upturned a cup that was on his desk and water poured down the sides of the table. A few of the students giggled. "Up," he commanded and the students gasped again as the puddle of water turned into a cube and then stretched into a long strand leading from the ceiling to the table, Donegal whispering words as it flowed through the air. "Bubble," he said and a ball of water formed which he poked and prodded, showing how it kept its shape so long as no other command was given. "And back," he said finally and the water flowed neatly back into the cup. The students watched silently, mouths agape.

"That was with water, with which we can barely build and is as fickle an element as we have. With brick or stone? This building was built with words. The entire city was built with words. In fact, little of what mankind has accomplished in the last thousand years has been through anything but the spoken word." The students were clearly impressed, having been shielded from anything but mention of this power for their first ten years. "That is why you are all here today. Up until now, you have been free from the power of words. Starting today, not only do you have power but you are also vulnerable." A misdirected curse could kill; it was said to have happened constantly in the days before the Elders instated the academies. Children would yell and damn each other and on occasion one would unintentionally wield the power he didn't know he had. "The next five years you will learn calmness of mind that will allow you to wield them not only as a tool, but also as a weapon in the most desperate of times."*****

The spray from the sea splashed against my face as the wind pushed us headfirst into the waves. I looked back at the disappearing shoreline and the walls of mighty Braestol growing smaller in the distance. The captain of the ship had been more than willing to join us, saying he would do anything to avenge the late King Erathron. He was one of the old naval captains from the now defunct navy; a stout man with white hair, face weathered from years at sea but with an easy laugh. 

Like so many others, he had led raids against Raxar in the months following the treason but his crew had grown thin until he no longer had enough men to fight. He had taken his ship up the coast of the ocean and into the sea until he got to Braestol, one of several loyal cities at the time, and had dragged her ashore, thinking the wood could be sold for a fortune in the desert city. He was mistaken, and when we sought him out as our captain, the ship still lay abandoned on a nearby beach. 

We patched together enough wood to repair her and now she carried us towards the Oqaens, a crew of fifty on board. Men of all types made up the crew, and I had wandered the camps for several days picking out a seaworthy crew. The captain had insisted on choosing his own first-mate, a black man by the name of Khaan. He spoke little, but silence fell upon the crew when he did speak, and all seemed to treat him with the weary respect given to a man who has been to the ends of the earth and back. There was a sharp contrast between his stony demeanor and the captain's smiles but they seemed to have a firm understanding.

We traveled day and night, replacing the wind with mighty oars when she didn't blow enough to move us. All knew the urgency with which we traveled, and Queen Gaial had made it clear with an impassioned speech before we left. 

A strange calm fell over the ship on the tenth day at sea as we approached the Isle of Stones. The sail hung limp and the oars sat still, leaving us motionless in the water. The ocean lay flat, with barely a ripple interrupting the endless expanse. Above us, the sky was blue, but on the horizon a shape loomed.

"The men refuse to row, Guide. They say the water is heavy and the wood is weak." The men were all on deck as the captain stood beside me, looking over the port side. Even Khaan looked concerned, eyes narrowed as he stared over the ocean to the mass that approached us.

"All men to their posts. Only those who must be are to remain on deck." He spoke with urgency, and the men broke from their trance, rushing to their places below decks. Khaan turned towards me, nerves edging into his calm demeanor. "It's an island, Guide. An island that should not be there."

I frowned, wondering what he meant. We could not have lost course. The most able men in the kingdom guided us and no storms had crossed our path. I grabbed his arm as he turned to leave.

"What do you mean? Are we lost?" The captain chuckled now as he overheard and shook his head.

"All men are lost when they set out to sea, young man. But no, we are on course. That there is a floating island, and we will be fortunate to escape its grasp." He looked at me gravely, and I broke from his gaze to look towards the island, its features now visible against the water. It was densely wooded, with luscious beaches masking the treachery within. It was rumored that a tribe of ageless warriors lived on the island, feasting on the bodies of unfortunate travelers who were drawn into its grasp.

Khaan tore himself from the hypnotic sight of the island, rushing towards the bottom deck.

"All men row. Now!" He yelled to them, but the island only drifted closer, the oars straining hopelessly against the water. Reefs rushed past us, reaching dangerously towards the ship, ready to tear us to bits. 

"Call the best fighters up, Khaan." The best men made their way above decks, swords in hand, prepared to fight the islanders, supposedly hidden among the thick foliage. The ship ground to a halt, hull scraping against the shallow sand of the shore. I jumped off onto the floating island, with Khaan close behind me, quickly followed by two dozen of our best men.

An eerie silence fell over the beach as we stared into the dense forest, imagining an enemy in every shadow. 

"Do we push her back into the water?" Khaan whispered to me, keeping his voice quiet for no reason but to match the silence of the trees.

I nodded and a group of men turned back towards the ship, struggling against the water to push her back into the open. There was a movement in the trees, not imagined this time, and the men collectively raised their swords, prepared to fight.

One of the trees staggered forwards, its roots taking hold of the ground and twisting as it came to life. A branch swung towards us, and the men flinched as the trees of the forest began to move and make their way over to where we stood, backs to the ocean.

"The forest... The forest will eat us alive..." one of the men shuddered, a panicked look on his face, and I glanced to my side, watching him take a step back into the water. Behind us, the men were struggling to push the boat away from shore, the oars creaking as the water fought against them with every ounce of strength, the forces of the island conspiring to make us its meal.

I crouched, preparing to pounce on the nearest tree creature in desperation, but paused as Khaan whispered from beside me. "Fire. We need fire." The men on board seem to have thought the same and without waiting for a command, a flurry of arrows zipped over our heads, tips flaming. A massive roar emerged from the closest tree as the flames spread through the leaves and it charged us with abandon, swinging its mighty branches in epic death throes. I watched in awe as the nearest man was impaled by a branch before being thrown several lengths back, his limp body coming to a rest further down the beach. The other men turned, terrified at the raw strength of the trees as another man was crushed where he stood. Arrows rained upon the trees from our men aboard the ship, starting fires throughout but the flames not spreading fast enough to stop the attack.

"Pull back. To the ship!" We turned and ran, leaving eight men on the beach, soon to be devoured. The ship lurched and broke free of its invisible hold as the tree creatures paused to feast upon the bodies of our men, seemingly content with our tribute. The crew rowed with passion now, desperate to escape the island's deadly clutch before some entity changed its mind and chose us as the next feast. The wind picked up as we left the island, and when I looked up from the wounds of a lucky survivor, it was gone, and not even a wake remained.

"Few escape the floating island. The gods must be smiling upon our mission, Guide," the captain said to me, a smile returning to his face after the bloodbath.

I nodded reluctantly and thanked the one who had thought of using fire. I hated losing men, but there were enough trees on the island to make a feast of our entire crew, so luck was not against us. The men rowed even as the wind caught the sail, desperate to get as far as possible from the deadly island. The ship creaked and strained against the waves, the coral having taken its toll against her hull. Khaan returned from below decks soaked in sea water that was pouring in through holes in the side, his face grave and concerned.

"We need to stop for repairs or we won't make it to the Isle of Stones," he informed the captain and I matter of factly. I thought to the map, picturing in my head the kingdom and Braestol and the Isle of Stones. We were somewhere in the ocean, closer to the Isle of Stones than to the kingdom, but our exact location unknown. 

"Land of Mna. We must travel towards the morning sun. It should be closest." Khaan stared at me, deep eyes judging the accuracy of my claims before nodding and disappearing below decks again. 

"I hope you're right, Guide," the old captain said to me, shaking his head. "Because if you aren't, we'll all be dying very wet deaths as soon as a storm comes." I'm the Guide. Of course I was right. I hadn't been this way before, but years of studying countless maps had made me well versed in separating the existing lands from the mythical ones. 

One of the younger crew members approached me that night as I stood on deck alone, gazing at the stars in their eternal splendor, guiding me towards my destination. He greeted my quietly and took a deep breath as he stood next to me, arms crossed. 

"Serna." I nodded to him, acknowledging his presence. 

"Guide. Where do you take us?"

"To the Oqaens. We need ships for the war." 

He shook his head and repeated himself. "No. I mean now. Where do you take us?"

"To Mna. We need wood to repair the ship. From there, we are close to the Oqaens."

"You know what they have in Mna, don't you, Guide? Why do you take us there?" I sighed and opened my mouth to answer but he cut me short. "Don't underestimate the warrior women of Mna. Their reputation is not undeserved. I come from the land beside them and my people used to live in peace. That was until the warrior women attacked. Our women became their soldiers and our men and boys became their slaves, serving only to reproduce. They will outfight any army. Don't underestimate them."

"I picked the best men for a reason, Serna. We knew we would encounter enemies along the way and I know these men can fight. Don't worry. We will fight the warrior women." He shrugged and took his leave, off to get some sleep before his shift on deck. I sighed again and fingered the hilt of my sword, my mind wandering towards memories of the old kingdom and friends I had lost. 

Many lived still, but would be better off dead. They rotted in remote dungeons in far off corners of the kingdom, passing their days imagining faces and conversations that they would never again hold. As soon as we advanced on those cities, the order would be out to execute all prisoners and they would die slow and painful deaths at the hands of Raxar's men. Erathron had outlawed that slow torture, forbidding the peeling of live skin or the burning of the eyes and other senses. Raxar, villainous king that he was, had brought the torture back and his captives were better dead than remain prisoners. I shuddered, thanking my good fortune that I still had my sight and all my fingers. 

I heard a shout from the front of the ship and quickly made my way over, quieting the night guard who pointed excitedly over the bow of the ship. In the distance, a faint light flickered.

"Mna?" The night guard asked excitedly, and I nodded, gripping my sword a bit tighter. 

"Wake the men, tell them to stay quiet. We land tonight." The man eagerly nodded and rushed off to fulfill his duties as I remained at the bow, eyes fixed on the flickering light of the fire. They lured men in with promises of abundant food and sex, withholding the fact that these men were slaves to be fucked and discarded when no longer suitable.

"All hands ready, Guide." Khaan stood next to me, running a small ribbon between his fingers. "I hope you know what you are doing. I have a wife to get home to who won't be happy if I become a sex slave." I let out a quiet chuckle and turned to face the men. They stood forty-two strong now, including those still rowing below decks. Fifteen archers and the rest better at close combat. 

The fire grew closer, off to our port side now as we led the ship towards what would hopefully be an empty beach. We heard the twang of a bow from the shore before we saw the arrow, and it imbedded itself deep into the mast. A mighty yell went up from shore and the beach burst into flames, creating a fiery wall through which we would need to cross. 

"Full speed now. They know we're here." I felt the ship lurch as the men below put their all into the oars, and as the bottom of the ship scraped against the sand, I leaped overboard, landing in the waist-high water, the flames hiding us from the warrior women on the other side. A barrage of arrows flew through the flames, and our men responded in kind, hoping to ignite the forest to force our enemy out. I heard a grunt beside me and turned to find Khaan clutching his left arm, an arrow sticking out. He roared in fury and rushed forwards, ignoring the fire as he barreled towards the treeline. I ducked as an arrow whistled by my head, then raised my sword and we charged behind him, each man shouting his own battle cry.**[WP] You have found out that you are stuck in a time loop, reliving the same week over and over. Instead of trying to find a way to escape the loop, you train yourself mentally and physically for hundreds of years until you've become the ultimate human. Then one day, the loop breaks...**

*****

I thought the monotony would be what would break me. It took me a few weeks to catch on, but then the calendar never seemed to flip past June and the automated task that did my entire job for me kept being deleted each Monday when I walked into the office and I would sit down and rewrite it and grind out another week. Janice said "Happy June, Bob," and I smiled at her and said good morning and then I spilled some coffee as I walked to my desk. I swear, I thought the monotony would be what would break me. Soon though, I was like a well-oiled machine. The bad moments during the week stopped affecting me because, you know what? They would never come to anything. That client I lost? It never actually impacts the quarterly report so it'll never show up. My boss yells at me and I brainlessly sit through it, nod my head and mutter an apology and then I'm back at my desk and life goes on. And then Sunday happens and it all starts again. I'm good at this. I'm not very good at anything else. But I am very, very good at this week.

A few loops ago I decided to do everything I could to cause variation. I spilled the cup of water when I was brushing my teeth. I opened Solitaire instead of Minesweeper when I got to work. I ripped through that yellow light that's just about to turn red and I take the parking spot closest to the door when I get to the office. And slowly but steadily, it seemed like at least my actions could be unique. I could order a frappuccino at Starbucks on Wednesday morning. They would still give me a fresh brewed coffee because it was over nine-hundred weeks running, but I could at least order a frappuccino.

"Are you having fun?" I almost fell out of my chair when I heard the question. I knocked my mug and the coffee stain spread over my papers. I quickly alt-tabbed to try to flip out of the game I was playing but my monitor seemed stuck.

"Just... Just a break, boss," I stammer but he looks right through me, his smile a bit too wide and his eyes unblinking.

"Break," he repeats. I frown. Is he broken? Is this loop broken? It's been what? Nine hundred fifty loops? Something around there. My memory doesn't reset each week but it sure has gotten dull remembering the same things week after week. "Break," he says again. His eyes are glazed over and I wave my hand and he doesn't even blink. I glance around. The rest of the office is staring at me with those unblinking eyes and that wide, terrifying smile. Even Margaret who never smiles is smiling but I really think I would rather she didn't smile. That's when I know something is broken. The loop is wrong. "Break," they all say in unison and I break out of my seat and push my way towards the door. I push past Todd as he slowly paces back to his desk, his mug full to the brim, and his coffee sloshes over the edge and Janice stares at me and just repeats the same thing, time after time... "Break."

I glance down at my phone. Two unread messages. I open them, an hour earlier than I normally do. "Break out of it," she had messaged and I stop in my tracks. "Break," I mumble and I read the other message. "I love you," she had messaged that morning after I left for work, just like every other morning. Only this morning I hadn't responded. Another attempt at variation. "Break," I repeat and I look down at her first message and I smile. I smile because it makes me happy to see that daily message. I smile because that repetition was comforting and far easier than the alternative; the wild unpredictability of variation. I used to think the monotony would break me. "Break," I say as I smile as wide as I can and I pace back to my desk. I close Solitaire and I open Minesweeper. "Break," I repeat and my boss nods and paces away from my desk. I thought the monotony would break me but it's comforting. I hope this time loop doesn't break.**[WP] You're a robber who robs a certain bank so often that they practically treat you like a customer. Everyone knows you and says hi as you kick down the door and hold up the teller for the thousandth time**

*****

"Good morning," she says as I burst in the door, gun held out in front of me like a gangbanger - or do the kids nowadays say gangsta?

"The money, Sandra," I demand and she rolls her eyes and neatly counts out the bills and sets them on the table. The security camera whirs and turns towards me and I give it a devious grin and flip it off. They couldn't catch me. Well, they could, I guess. From my understanding, they did. But for what? For this? I know the workings of the bank inside and out; I know the schedule the guard paced and I know the tellers that have the most money and the ones who have access to the vault. I know the routes the policemen patrolled and the time it would take them to arrive. I know to refuse the first wad of money she hands me to avoid the dye packs and order her towards the vault. "No games," I growl and her face turns serious as I grab the stacks of money and I'm out the door before the cops can arrive. Clean, efficient and victim-less, unless you count those too big to fail banks as victims. I'm the victim. They took my house, they took my car, and now they want to take my life. I know where to stash it so they don't ever find it and I was doing it time and time again. Now I just never quite get to finish.

I grab the bills and burst out of the bank. People shuffle out of my way, averting their gaze. I wave the gun around, threatening nobody in particular. Victim-less crime, that's what this is. My car sits outside, idling in the summer heat. I tear off my mask and jump in and tear down the street, politely nodding to the officers who speed towards the bank as I exite the town.

The houses quickly turn to cornfields and I look down at the seat next to me to start counting the bills. Then the car careens into a ditch and my head slams into the steering wheel and the world goes black.

I awake tied to a seat in a cold sweat. That's how it always is after the vivid visions that make me relive the crash over and over. "Detective O'Donnelly," I say politely to the big man with the gnarled hands of a former boxer who sits across the table from me. He taps impatiently, the scar running through his eye twitching indignantly.

"You've got to stop the distracted driving," he says disgustedly and I shrug. "That's fourteen times now that it ends like that," he says to the tinted glass behind which my audience observes. I imagine they're the ones taking notes.

"You done?" I ask hopefully. It's draining. The terror on their faces. The times I hit a car. The times I have to take hostages. The times it ends in a shootout. I always inevitably die.

"Until you stop messing with us or you tell us where the money is," he repeats for what must be the thousandth time. I chuckle. They have nothing. That's why we're doing this. He nods towards the glass again. "Rerun him."**[WP] "Well you managed to fucking do it. You slept through the apocalypse"**

*****

She stared at me in a mix of disappointment and awe, shaking her head as she tsked quietly. "Well, you managed to fucking do it," she said finally, raising her eyebrows in resignation. "You slept through the apocalypse." I glanced around, realizing for the first time that the fluffiness upon which I sat was not my bed but rather a never-ending cloud. I chuckled at the intricateness of what was surely a prank or perhaps I was in some elevated state of lucid dreaming.

"The apocalypse, you say?" I responded with a sly grin, deciding to humor her. "What was it? Zombies? The four horsies? Kim Jong-un finally crapped himself?" She frowned a bit deeper at each suggestion before finally stopping me with a wave of her hand, realizing I was clueless about this apparent apocalypse. 

"Enough," she announced, rising from a throne that melted back into the clouds as she got to her feet. She was a frail old woman, definitely older than any of the grumpy crones from the neighborhood. She held out a hand and a staff materialized and she used it to carve a hole through the cloud, creating a window through which I could see the remnants of the world. Billowing smoke obscured the view but as the haze shifted and morphed into ghouls and demons, I could see the ruins of what had once been. "War," she explained softly, a look of sadness coming over her face. "First one country with those overpowered bombs and then another country and by the next morning, we have this." As if to shoo away the dark thoughts, she shook her head and allowed the hole to close. "All is not lost, though. My creation still stands. I will simply have to repopulate it once the radiation is gone."

"Your creation?" I asked in confusion, casting her a second glance. "You some type of God?" It was her turn to chuckle now as she nodded.

"Some type of God? I am *the* God. Creator of Earth and all the animals and even you," she explained, sounding a bit disgusted as she finished the sentence. I scratched my head and pouted, a bit skeptical about her claims but deciding there was no other explanation.

"So why am I here?" I looked around again, noting that we were alone on the cloud. I thought back to the previous night; the evening of the G20 summit. It had been rumored that tensions were at a breaking point, but to result in this? I wondered what had become of my family and friends. 

"You're my specimen," she said simply and I scowled, unsure as to what she meant. "When I made humans long ago, I made them hardworking and motivated. How else would they have become what they were just a day ago?" I nodded, thinking I understood. Me? Hardworking and motivated? She had clearly made a serious mistake. "You being here is not a mistake," she continued as if she could read my mind. On second thought, she probably could. She nodded as if to confirm my thoughts. "You see, clearly I allowed you humans to over-evolve, developing into monsters capable of putting my creation on the brink of destruction. You're here to help me start over."

"Why me?" I wondered aloud, still not quite comprehending why I had been chosen before the billions of other humans she could have picked from. She smiled now, like an old grandma does before calling you an asshole and kicking your shin.

"I realized that in order to prevent humans from over-evolving again, I had to start with a human who is... under-evolved, so to say. Severely under-evolved, in fact." I looked at her, unsure as to whether or not I should be offended. My confusion seemed to satisfy her and she continued. "It was noted to me by Peter that you are the least developed human he had met for eons. The only ones less capable than you were the ones who passed through before spoken language was invented, but they're basically fossils by now."

I scratched my head and frowned at her, starting to get a bit offended. "So you want me because I'm stupid?"

She shrugged. "Not just stupid. You're also lazy and have a complete lack of motivation and sleep for like 18 hours a day. I mean, you managed to sleep through the apocalypse. Starting with you, I will create a race of humans that simply lack the ability to ruin the world."*****

"Allow me control," Elder Arnold urged the small group of children who sat in an arc around him. They relented, first one and then another until finally all had succumbed to his command for silence. "Do not fight me. Accept it."

"Why?" Dymitri demanded, the last yet to relinquish control to the elder.

"Silence is precious, Dymitri," the Elder said tersely, scowling at the boy as the others looked on. "And sometimes one must be silenced instead of choosing to be silent." Dymitri frowned but allowed the Elder control and fell silent. Soon the boys were standing and walking in aimless circles, the Elder giggling at their expense. Dymitri scowled and glowered but remained silent. "Release," Elder Arnold said and the boys sat back down into their seats. "Dismissed. Dymitri, stay." The other boys left to train for the First-Year Games while Dymitri stayed back at the Elder's request.

"Elder," he said with a bow. The man stared at him in silence, as the Elders so often did. Outside in the courtyard, boys and girls were splitting into groups, preparing for the First-Year Games. Capture the flag, freeze tag, human bowling; each required a different skill-set deemed important by the council of Elders. 

"You have a gift, Dymitri," Elder Arnold said quietly, forcing Dymitri to lean close to hear. The Elder glanced around cautiously before continuing. "Everything we do, we do for the good of your development. If we think you should allow us to control you, it is for the best, I promise you that."

"Why can't I just practice my powers on my own? Like with freeze tag? They're stronger powers. They're more useful," the boy complained. Elder Arnold shook his head. 

"That is relative, Dymitri. I have known men with the power to move mountains - which I promise you is no small task - yet are incapable of deflecting a curse or of keeping silent when they should. I have seen men who could cause waves as large as trees but whose powers were not honed enough to write their name." Dymitri frowned. He had jumped through the lessons with ease, his mentor Elder Daniels quickly moving him to advanced courses involving complex sentences and even paragraphs. Some involved seemingly simple tasks like threading a needle, but then the thread had to be doubled over and then tripled until the needle was wrapped in a cocoon of thread, all while sitting untouched on a table. He had formed capsules of water around grains of salt, willing them to not dissolve and then panicked to restructure his commands once the salt was removed. "A powerful man can make a ball of water with all the water from the oceans," Professor Donegal had said. "But when he does that and the oceans are no more, what do his words mean? His ball will fall apart because there is no ocean left to speak of." 

"I can write my name," Dymitri pointed out and the Elder chuckled. "I can keep quiet. I just showed you."

The Elder shook his head. "That was a trick, Dymitri. You did well to keep quiet but you relinquished too much control. I could feel it. A trained wordsmith will relinquish only the amount of control necessary, setting up impassable barriers against any other command. If I want silence, you must give me nothing but silence." Dymitri nodded tentatively, struggling to understand. 

"May I go?" he asked quietly, edging towards the doorway. The Elder nodded, waving his hand to dismiss him before following him out to the courtyard. In the field, the kids stood in groups, each playing a different game. The ones playing tug of war pulled both ends of a rope while those playing freeze tag were stuck in ridiculous positions and the bowlers were tossing bodies haphazardly. He knew the battles were within as each willed an opponent to work against his team or fought for the flag that was whipping from side to side of the field as different powers took hold of it. Elder Arnold paused as he passed through the Arch of Sound, whispering quiet words to the imbued stones and listening as they bounced around, echoing back. 

"Do they speak to you?" Professor Donegal asked as he joined the Elder, staring at the keystone with the indecipherable engravings, its translation long lost. 

"They just repeat what I say," Elder Arnold answered with a sigh. "And sometimes I'm afraid the students do the same."

"Dymitri?" Donegal asked with a worried smile. Arnold nodding, the corners of his mouth drooping into a frown. "What did you feel today?"

Elder Arnold shuddered. "More power than I felt comfortable around. I spoke to him of limited allowance and controlled power..." he paused, choosing his words carefully. "He is a good kid, as you said. He bears no ill will towards the students or the Elders and is more than eager to learn. It's the Senate that worries me. If they catch wind of his power, they'll send him to War with the others who had such talent. And then what's left for us? We can do tricks and talk philosophy but what good will that do when they try to dispose of us?" Professor Donegal took a deep breath and nodded.

"We need to protect him. The question is if we do that by teaching him what there is to fear or if we keep him in the dark and hope they don't find out.****

Note: A more complete version that incorporates this story can be found starting .
*****

I walk slowly as I lead the horse through the dusty, desert landscape, the sand blowing in my eyes but the top of the mountain always in sight. She sits on the horse, leaned over to protect herself from the biting wind, hand on the reins as she drifts from side to side in rhythm with the hoofbeats. The sound is muffled, lost in the vastness of the desert, as are we, two minuscule specks, completely isolated from the rest of the world as we take our journey. 

I pause, taking a moment for a sip of water and she gives me a tired smile which I acknowledge with a nod as I bow my head. I do not speak unless spoken to, and few words have passed between us.

"We can rest if you want," she suggests quietly, barely audible over the wind. 

I shake my head. As long as there was daylight, we traveled. "No, your Highness. We must travel for as long as there is daylight to stay away from them." 

She nods, confirming my decision, and I take the reins in my hand again and turn to walk after checking that the straps that held our little food and weapons were secure. She stops me as I turn. "How far do we have left?"

I shrug. There was no way of knowing. At the peak of each mountain, I hoped we would see the other ocean before us, but it was futile, these sands as endless as the ocean itself. "Two days? Maybe three? It could be more, your Majesty, or it could be less. I do not know." She grimaced and nodded again, and allowed me this time to begin walking again.

Our pursuers could not be far behind, and the distractions we had left in the city would only have bought us so much time. I thought that escaping the walls was the hard part, but I was much mistaken, and when my horse gave way to the harshness of an ascent, we took to walking speed, now moving at barely a crawl. 

Many times she offered to walk or suggested I ride instead of her, but I could not allow myself to disrespect her in that manner. So instead, I walked and she rode, each lost in our thoughts of how we had come to where we now were, somewhere in this desolate desert, in each other's company but as lonely as could be.

The peak of the mountain loomed over us now as the sun started to hide behind it. The sand thrown up by the wind created small vortexes that played and spun before disappearing, as small and inconsequential as us. The shadow engulfed us and the cold set in and I slowed as we sought out a place to spend the night. A small crevice seemed as hospitable a place as any and I helped her off the horse and removed the saddle to use as a pillow. 

I fingered the bow for a moment and looked towards where we had come from, the city many mountains behind us, and I thought of the men on horseback chasing us, desperate to capture her. She claimed she could handle a sword, but the two of us against a platoon of men didn't stand a chance. I could fight well, but I was just another mortal. 

She lay down now and I lay next to her, pulling her close to me, sharing our warmth. It was a concession I had grudgingly made the first night so that we wouldn't freeze to death in the desert night. It felt disrespectful, but was crucial to our survival.

"Do you know we are going the right direction?" she asked timidly, not wanting to offend me with doubts.

I nodded. "Yes, your Highness. I am the Guide. I know the map of your kingdom like the back of my hand. We are headed towards the other ocean and the last city where we will find your allies and take back what is rightfully yours."

She nodded, seemingly content with my answer, and drifted off to sleep. I lay awake for a few moments, basking in the vastness of the desert. I had always been the Guide, the rightful King's right-hand man, leading him back and forth across his kingdom until he passed, murdered in cold blood. It was different then though, when we had guards with us and didn't need to worry about food or water. That was before they infiltrated his ranks and conspired against him before assassinating him in the safety of his own castle and opened the gates to our enemies.

I closed my eyes, picturing the map in my head, from the beautiful valleys now behind us, through this treacherous desert, over mountains and through canyons, to the ocean where the last of the loyal cities stood, an army ready to fight for her to the last man. Of course I was heading in the right direction. I am leading my Queen, and I am the Guide.**[WP] You are a immortal being who has outlived all of life. One day you are sitting in ruins and hear a voice calling for help.**

*****

The voice echoed off the concrete walls of my prison cell that was the world, stirring me into a feverish thrill as I searched for its source. "Help...," it echoed, my ears throbbing as they welcomed the sound. I stood quickly, reaching out a hand to steady myself as the blood rushed to my head.

"Help..." the voice echoed, and I laughed in delighted delirium, rejoicing as my cackles reverberated through the empty streets, finding their way to the mysterious source of the voice and back to me.

"Who is it? Where are you?" I hissed, desperate to not let this fellow human slip away into the barren wasteland. Silence answered, deafening and crippling and pushing me to the edge of tears. "Help," I mumbled softly, and then repeated myself a bit louder until I was screaming. "*Help*," I shouted desperately, running through the empty streets of the concrete jungle, my footsteps stirring up dust untouched since the next to last human took his last breath. And when I had tired myself and stood sweating and panting as I leaned against a rusted car, the metal hot from the relentless sun, I heard the voice again.

It echoed off the concrete walls of my prison cell that was the world, stirring me into a feverish thrill as I searched for its source. "Help," I cried again, a tear rolling down my cheek as my own words echoed back unheard in this desolate dungeon. "Help..."**[WP] Genghis Juan leads his army over the Great Wall of America to begin his conquest of the New Confederacy.**

*****

*Genghis Juan*, Governor Abbott growled with a shudder as he read the report. Two dozen more casualties since the previous day as the *Confederados* poked and probed, searching for a weak point. The National Guard was standing ready, as were several contingents of the reserves that the Commander in Chief had been able to spare. The enemy struck on mules and donkeys, striking as fast as indigestion after eating Taco Bell and disappearing as quickly as illegal immigrants when Border Patrol appeared. *That was then, this is now*, he murmured as he glared southwards across the endless sand, knowing that the flimsy wall was not nearly enough to keep the mustached men away.

The attack had long been coming ever since the belligerent clod had been elected president with his ridiculous tuft of gold-white hair and his big promises about a wall. *Make them pay, my ass,* Abbott thought with a shake of his head. The money had come entirely from the pockets of the American people. The ten feet higher part was true, for better or for worse. It stood nearly six hundred meters tall now and grew with each speech the president made. *Yards. Six hundred yards*, he corrected himself, knowing that not using the Freedom Units could result in a demotion and a hefty fine. 

"Governor," the aide said interrupting all thoughts. "The attack is imminent. There are twenty-thousand mules across the wall at Eagle Pass." The height of the wall mattered little to the attackers. After so many years of menial work in the United States, they were more than patient enough to chip away at the wall until creating a hole or causing the section to collapse.

"Sombreros?" The aide nodded grimly. The elite units, capable of decimating the National Guard. He had seen as much in the few missions he had sent southwards in search of enough refried beans to satisfy the defectors in his ranks. They charged forward screaming obscenities and wielding machetes and even the veterans scattered under the onslaught. *Frijoles* and *Guey*, they would scream and Abbott shuddered at the thought of the battlecries that haunted him day and night. "How many do we have?"

"Three hundred there, sir. Our mobile units are waiting in Jeeps and Hummers but we're low on fuel while their mules can last for days." Abbott ran a finger through his thinning hair, wondering how the situation had gotten so royally fucked. He still sported the spurs and cowboy hat he always had, but it was more to hide the signs of stress than anything else at this point. 

"Pull the men back. We live to fight another day." The aide nodded curtly and set off to purvey the order as Governor Abbott turned back to his maps that lay scattered atop an American flag tablecloth. He slammed a fist against the mahogany, snarling as he spotted a picture of his mustachioed nemesis. "I will find you, Genghis Juan. And when I do, I will deport you so far south that you'll never rise to fight again."**[WP] You discover that the Earth is flat, surrounded by the Antarctic Ice Wall. However, you also learn that the world's governments did not hide this out of malice, but to protect us from the horrible truth that lies beyond the walls.**

*****

"Careful with the wall," I warned as we maneuvered the drone ever upwards past protruding spikes of ice. "We should be getting close." I looked up, the drone just a black speck against the towering white wall. My hands were thrust deep in my pockets, taking a respite from the controls that required our fingers be exposed to the elements. I shivered in spite of the dozen layers I wore.

"There we go," Alex mumbled quietly and the wall of ice disappeared from the display of the camera and open space appeared. 

"What the fuck?" I asked with a chuckle and Alex frowned. Below us there was nothing but the void of space; pitch black spotted by stars and countless pods. "What is that?" I asked, pointing to the display. There was another wall of ice the same height as the one we stood beside. He stretched his fingers, numb from the cold, and I took my gloves off to take control. "Here," I said, reaching for the remote. He put his hands in his pockets and turned his attention to the monitor.

Smoke rose from beyond the other wall of ice, the thick plume disappearing into space. I maneuvered the drone towards the wall, traveling fast to avoid radar detection. "They'll send us off if they catch us now," I laughed and Alex glanced around suspiciously. Keeping the drone close to the wall, we had been able to avoid detection. We were near one of the desolate corners of the world where the wall never ran wet and the bitter cold kept even the craziest citizens away. I chuckled to myself and Alex glanced at me with irritation. 

"Easy now," he said quietly as I pressed the drone close against the other wall until I was able to sneak over the top. The view in the display turned from ice to sky again and we peeked over the wall. "Oh, fuck," we murmured softly in sync. Before us, a world burnt as black robed figures drifted through the ashes and ruins of a city. A hand reached out and touched a child who was wandering through the rubble and he crumbled into a heap, a robed figure emerging from the body.

"They're all dead..." I whispered to Alex as he stared pale and white-eyed at the monitor. "Wait, what's that?" I said and pointed at the screen. A road wrapped around to nearly form a question mark and a brick house remained nearly unscathed near the top of the arc. "That's my house," I murmured, shuddering.

"Go to mine. Now," Alex commanded. I turned the drone and shot deeper into this hell, not bothering to stay low. "That's my mom," he mumbled as a figure peeked out of the door and decided to make a dash across the street to where a man lay injured. One of the black robes swooped down and with a touch she crumbled and it drifted off to touch the man laying across the street. Alex gasped. I hovered closer, looking at her face. It was definitely her except for the black voids that were now her eyes. His father was the same as he had always been, save the dead black eyes.

"We must be somewhere," I realized and I turned back towards the wall, not wanting to see myself die. Alex was sitting beside me, mouth agape, still shocked from the sight of his parents.

"There," he said and pointed to the base of the wall where two small figures huddled over a monitor, their backs turned. I glanced behind me uncomfortably, in spite of knowing this was a different world.

"Alex..." I croaked, barely a whisper. He turned to look at the drone that hovered above us, whirring quietly. "That's..." I tapered off, glancing back to the monitor where we had seen ourselves. One shape looked to the camera now while the other glanced at the monitor. "That's us." He nodded dumbly.

Beyond the drone sirens whined and a column of smoke rose above the city. "They're dead," Alex said quietly, tears in his eyes. I shook my head vehemently. 

"We crossed the wall," I started and he grimaced sadly.

"We did more than that. We crossed realities."**In-Progress Works or Serials:**

: 5 parts, currently working on turning it into a book. ~12,000 words written in the revised version 

: 2 parts so far.

: 2 parts so far.

**Completed Serials:**

: 3 parts, done for the time being.

: 6 parts, done.

**Possible Serials-To-Be:**

. This is my NaNoWriMo project! 

. Another personal favorite with a lot to explore.

. Rude demons are fun to write. That might be a good reason to expand this one.[WP] A 7th son of a 7th son in the magical world is supposed to be an incredibly powerful wizard. Poor Jeremy just wants to be an accountant.

*****

"Life is about compromises, Jeremy," Jebediah's voice boomed. The walls and windows shook and Jeremy rolled his eyes. It wasn't the booming voice. It was a little spell his father liked to cast when he yelled, just to make his voice seem stronger. "And in this compromise, you do as you're told because I am your father!" Not very compromising, but then again, neither was life.

"Compromise? I don't want to be a wizard, I want to be an accountant," Jeremy complained. His brothers and sisters at the dinner table rolled their eyes. There were six of them, not counting Jeremy. Seven, counting him. Quick maths, Jeremy thought to himself.

"You are the seventh son of a seventh son," his father continued and now it was Jeremy's turn to roll his eyes. Yes, Papa Smurf. That much had been established. Considering six older siblings sat at the table, it made sense that the youngest was the seventh. "And you all know what they say about the seventh sons of seventh sons," his dad said and he paused to allow the children to fill in the blanks.

"Powerful wizards to fight powerful lizards," the other children chanted in unison. If only meticulous accounting from behind the safety of a desk could defeat the lizards, Jeremy thought to himself sadly. Alas, he had no such luck. Seventh sons of seventh sons did not come around every day. There were not nearly enough wizards for that and carrying a baby to term took something around nine months, according to those of them who could count. It would require many more wizards for it to happen daily, Jeremy concluded.

"Exactly," his father said smugly. Jebediah would have loved to have been the seventh son of a seventh son but to his great despair, his grandparents had only had six children. It was said they lost count somewhere along the way and thought that Jebediah's father was the seventh. Instead, he was stuck with the relatively mild powers of an average wizard. Impressive, but not enough to fight a powerful lizard. "Off you go," he said to Jeremy as the boy finished breakfast. Jeremy stood dejectedly and moped out of the house, taking special care to drag his feet and not move his arms in order to convey maximum sadness.

"Cheer up, Jeremy!" his wizard tutor said as Jeremy entered the school. The seventh sons of seventh sons met daily in a special classroom designed to maximize the potential of the students. When Jeremy refused to cheer up, Walter the Wizard Tutor shook his head and tsked at him. "Very well then, Jeremy. Fake it at least!" And then it hit Jeremy like a sock full of batteries hits an inmate when the guards aren't watching. Fake it.

"I have an idea," Jeremy announced and his classmates groaned. Jeremy always had ideas. Jeremy's ideas were often bad. They had extrapolated that Jeremy's next idea would be equally bad. "Instead of having a wizard defeat a lizard," he began and everybody rolled their eyes. He was always going on about how he could avoid fighting the lizards. "We can fake them out."

"That's dumb, Jeremy," his classmate Wizliam scolded.

"Let him finish," Walter the Wizard Tutor said. Perhaps Jeremy the seventh son of a seventh son was on to something.

"Right now we pay tribute. We feed the lizards wizards so that they can eat their gizzards." This was true. The lizards were very fond of rhyming punishments. For a time, they had required mounds of gold with traces of mold and the metal cold. That was a hard one to find and the wizards had worked for years to pay the tribute. Walter nodded. What the boy said was true. Obvious, but true. Perhaps something useful would come out of his miserable mouth, he thought to himself while smiling politely. "What if instead of giving them all of the useless children," he continued, cruelly referring to children who were born after the seventh son of a seventh son or simply entire families who might have been infertile, "what if we use our wizarding skills to create what the lizards want?"

Walter shook his head sadly. "We have tried, foolish, young, idiotic, Jeremy. We have tried. We lost many brave wizards in that tribute laundering scheme. I will not allow that to happen again."

But Jeremy was persistent. You see, the other wizards had tried it to save their lives and nothing more. But Jeremy would try it to fulfill his dream of being an accountant. A corrupt, money-laundering, fraudulent accountant, but an accountant nonetheless. And he insisted. And with the powers that are only found amongst the seventh sons of seventh sons, he created a wizard gizzard out of thin air. "It's perfect," his schoolmates marveled. And his tutor, who had started to taste the wizard gizzards to see if he could somehow become a lizard, tried a bite.

"I would believe it's real," he said in awe. Jeremy smiled. Life was about compromises. By compromising his morales and an accountant's code of honor, he could at least be an accountant. And so the wizards started to create gizzards to feed the lizards and Jeremy, the powerful seventh son of a seventh son who never really wanted to be a wizard, began to count them and note down the quantity and outflow, as an accountant would.[WP] Your daughter has always had imaginary "alien friends" she would play with and speak to in a funny, nonsensical language. You never thought much of it, until some real aliens arrived and asked for their ambassador, your daughter.


*****

We used to call it sabble-babble when Sabrina was younger. She was like a cat; she would become fixated with a random, definitely empty corner or wall and just start babbling at it like some sort of possessed witch doctor mid-exorcism. It was cute at first. Then it was creepy. Kids can be creepy, but this was different. It wasn't just random babble every time. We would notice patterns. Like it was a language and she was referring to something by name. We wrote it off as imaginary friends. But then it continued. She was in middle school and she kept doing the sabble-babble and we started to get worried. We took her to therapy. We conducted exorcisms. I went online and looked up how to cure your daughter of her insanity. We were desperate for a time. And then we gave up, because what else are you going to do? You just learn to live with your kid's disabilities or mental deficiencies or whatever you want to call it. Out of sight, out of mind, and she would just do the sabble-babble to her heart's content. Other than that, she was a perfectly normal kid.

I heard a knock at the door one evening as I was watching a game of football and my wife was knitting a straight-jacket or maybe a scarf for Sabrina and Sabrina was off... well, she was off doing the sabble-babble, because what else would she be doing. When the door knocked, she fell silent. That was a first. Usually she would just become more animated and keep looking at the corner and talking to nothing. Instead she ran to the door and stood smiling as I opened it. A weird looking dude stood there. He looked like somebody who had never seen a human before tried to draw one from somebody's description. He had long arms that reached his ankles and stubby legs and it really didn't seem like he had knees. His torso was way too long so he was nearly as tall as me. He had two eyes and two nostrils but not a nose. Odd looking fellow. "Sabrina, is this your friend?" I asked, turning towards her. She was beaming. Not like beaming up to an alien spacecraft, that would come later. She was just smiling real big.

When he spoke, I almost fell over in surprise. He was speaking the sabble-babble. Fluently. And she was speaking back. "This is my ally," she said. Creepy. Kids have friends. Kids have bullies. Kids have buddies. They don't have allies. My wife was peaking around the stairs, looking pretty concerned. I wished she had been knitting a straight-jacket that could fit both of these weirdos.

"Your friend?"

She shook her head nervously. "No, daddy. We are allies. I have been elected ambassador to his species." Right. Ambassador to the weirdos? What an honor. What did that make me and my wife? Regent King and Queen of the weirdos? "He has come to take me to his people." The swamp people, from the looks of it. The dude looked like Slenderman's little cousin.

"You're not going anywhere," I ordered and I started to close the door. The thing at the door started babbling louder and I heard Sabrina's name in there several times. "Honey, call the cops," I said to my wife and she nodded and started dialing. And then the door swung open, slamming against the wall. Sabrina's freaky little friend entered the house, his fingers still smoking from whatever he had done to my door. "You're paying for that, dipshit," I cursed and Sabrina stared in awe. The babbler babbled. Both babblers babbled. There was some intense babbling going on.

"Daddy, he says I need to negotiate terms of our surrender."

"What? This is my house. I'm not surrendering." My wife had frozen. Literally. Not like she was frozen in shock. The little weirdo had literally frozen her in place when she tried to call the cops. I glanced outside, trying to figure out where this kids parents were. That's when I saw it. There were dozens of similar looking weirdos, marching out of a spacecraft that was ruining my carefully manicured lawn. I cursed again. You work all spring and summer to get your lawn looking nice and trim and then an alien spacecraft lands in the middle of it, definitely burning it up and leaving bad dirt patches. Stupid aliens. And then I looked back inside and there were more of them materializing out of thin air.

Sabrina looked at me, her eyes serious. She wasn't babbling anymore. "I'm serious, daddy," she said and for some reason it finally hit me. "I've been talking to them all along. They couldn't let you see them before they were ready." So what was she? A traitor to the human race? Could they exile you from Earth? The Moon seemed like it could offer some peace and quiet and respite from mowing the lawn. "I need to go with them."

"Or what?" What would they do? I wouldn't allow them to take my daughter from me.

"Or they'll destroy the Earth. I need to negotiate the terms of our surrender."

"You have no authority," I argued. She was a middle-schooler. "You think the President will listen to you?" She nodded. Confidence. 'Atta-girl. I shrugged. If I didn't allow it, I would probably end up having a bunch of holes in me like my door now did. "Can he unfreeze mom?" She babbled something to the guy who had knocked at the door and he seemed to laugh. And then my wife was gasping for breath and looking in shock. "Alright," I said reluctantly, not bothering to thank the thing. "When will you be back? Curfew is at ten." It was like eight in the evening already. Two hours should be enough to negotiate Earth's surrender.

"I'll try. Otherwise we'll have a sleepover." No. Way. A middle-schooler sleeping over at a boy... Wait, they weren't boys. They're just weird random creatures from another species. It would be like letting her sleep in a petstore. Whatever.

"Be safe," I told her as they escorted her out the door. She smiled and gave me a hug and then made her way to the spacecraft. I could see the neighbors watching. This would take some explaining. And just like that, the spacecraft was lifting off and burning the life out of my lawn and trees and up it went into the sky where an array of thousands of identical spacecraft waited.

"Will she be okay?" my wife asked, as if I was some sort of magic genie who could tell the future. I shrugged.

"She will be, I would say. They seem to like her. I don't know about the rest of us though, considering our future is in the hands of a middle-schooler."**[WP] As an archaeology student in a dig, youre quite surprised to find an older-style cellphone inside a sedimentary layer containing a fossil of a modern human which dates to before the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event. Then the phone begins ringing.**

*****

I knew those old Nokia phones were rumored to be indestructible but this seemed like a bit much. Three-quarters of all species die and this Nokia phone still works? And it somehow still holds charge? They really made things better quality back then... "Snap out of it, Matt," I heard Duffy say. "This is dinosaur-era rock. There weren't cellphones back then." He was right. Obviously. You knew that already. As far as we knew - and granted, there is a lot more that we don't know than what we do know - dinosaurs had not invented cellphones.

"Could somebody have planted it?" Duffy shook his head. I knew that, too. There was no indication of any disturbance to the rock or to the surface or to anything in the area. We were far out in the desert on this dig. Odds are, no human had ever even stepped foot out here. We had taken it back to the lab and were basically just staring at it when a phone began to buzz. "Not me," I said. Duffy said that too. Our eyes met and, in unison, we looked at the phone still embedded in the block of pre-historic stone. Cautiously, I began to chisel out the phone. It stopped buzzing and then it started again and on the third call, I finally had it loose and I flipped it open. What stuck with me is that it had been years since I flipped open a phone to answer.

"Hello?" I asked into the cold phone.

There was a shuffle of papers and beeps on the other end of the line and somebody seemed to yelp in surprise. "Loud and clear," a voice suddenly said, as if this was some sort of radio. "Time and date?"

"Umm... Three forty five... Monday," I said and the voice sighed impatiently.

"Full date," it snapped. Of course. Monday grumps.

"Three forty-five PM, Monday, June 17, 2018."

"Holy shit," I heard from the other end of the phone and Duffy stared at me in a mixture of confusion and surprise. This was an elaborate prank, if it was one. "Location?" they demanded. I carefully said our coordinates after checking on my more modern phone.

"We'll be right there," the voice said and the call ended. A minute passed and Duffy and I looked at each other, shrugged and started laughing. Whoever that was, they had taken their time in setting this up, that was for sure. We were still laughing when a man walked in the door. More precisely, he walked through the door, as if it wasn't there.

"You... You can't be here," Duffy stammered. "It's a restricted area. You need a badge."

The man was in a white lab-coat and his face was like that of a stereotypical grandfather. "Badge my ass," he responded and I giggled.

"The phone," he demanded, holding his hand out. I shook my head.

"Nah," I responded with more confidence than I felt. "We'll need an explanation first."

"Phone first. Then I'll explain," he insisted.

"Explanation, then phone."

"Phone first... Or else..." I raised my eyebrows at him and he made as if to punch me.

"Ok, ok," I said, flinching. I handed him the phone. My hand should have brushed his but it didn't and suddenly the phone was in his hand. He seemed to consider leaving without an explanation.

"I've traveled time," he said simply, as if that could explain away all the confusion.

"Oh, shit, nice!" Duffy said, clearly satisfied with the answer.

"When are you from?" I asked.

"I'm from your past." He lifted the phone. Fair enough. Nobody in the future would be caught dead with that phone. But we were in the present and time travel did not exist. He seemed to know what I would ask. "And time travel is from the future," he added and I must have looked baffled. He glanced around furtively, as if scared his superiors would see him. "Want to come on a trip?" he asked and Duffy shook his head.

"Nah, bro, I'm already tripping," he answered. I nodded. I would give this a shot.

"Doctor Zeitman," he said, extending a hand. I went to shake it but my hand went right through him and he laughed. "Grab the other end of the phone," he chuckled and he held out the phone. I grabbed it and then the world disappeared in a blur and when it finally slowed down again we were standing in the parking lot of my job and the lab was still under construction. I checked my watch. We had traveled back four years and three months. I reached for a wall to steady myself and my hand went right through it and only Zeitman's tug of the phone we both held kept me up. "You can't touch things not in your timeline," he explained. "Not until they grow into it."

"Into what?"

"Into the timeline. If something stays in the timeline long enough, it becomes a part of it. That's what happened to the phone. I dropped it on a trip way back. I wanted to see dinosaurs. They aren't friendly. The phone has been there millions of years so it has become part of your timeline, just like it was part of my timeline. That's why we can both touch it."

"How is it charged?" I asked. Got him. He wouldn't have a suitable explanation.

"Time knots is what I call them. I thought about calling it Schrodinger's Time. Schrodinger's Phone, in this case. The phone is charged and it isn't charged. It's in every state of charge that it has ever been in through every timeline it has been a part of."

"So it appears charged?" He nodded half-heartedly.

"Yes and no. It can look charged and not work. It can be plugged in and never turn on. It depends on the time continuum. I've tried calling it for decades. Haven't completely figured it out yet, I just hope I just don't get stuck in the same state. Wouldn't want to be turned on and not turned on at the same time," he finished with a chuckle.

"How did you do this?" I asked in awe, gesturing at the construction site around us where my office would later stand. Or where it currently stood, in my timeline.

Doctor Zeitman shrugged. "No idea." He pulled out a device. "I just put numbers in this thing and it happens. Like I said, time travel is from your future. I'm from your past. Somebody dropped this device and I've just been using it since."