Shadowyugi
&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:||
|:-|:-|


Xioden swallowed, trembling as sweat dripped down his face. He couldn’t stop his hands from shaking so he put them down on the ground instead, bowing to the skull in front of him, his head touching the cold ground. He couldn’t describe what was before him, he didn’t know what god had chosen to listen. None of the scripts from world past had detailed a god with black mist and a skull. So he guessed.

“I-I thank thee, Esteemed God of…” Xioden’s voice caught in his throat as the air changed.

He could feel his life force ebbing away almost instantly and he fell to the ground, gasping from the excruciating pain. The air changed instantly, and he found himself struggling to breathe. The idea was as surprising to him as it was terrifying even though he had heard it happened occasionally. His uncle, the Mad King’s own brother, had been suffocated by Thoth for insubordination. He hoped his wasn’t the same.

“So..s.sor..ry.” Xioden struggled to say.

“I am no god.” The voice replied coldly and his whole being shook from the vibration.

He cried out in pain as visions filled his mind. Visions of wars, of death of explosions that destroyed lands bigger than all the kingdoms he had ever known. He saw visions of men holding cold metal weapons that spat metal that tore into flesh indiscriminately. He saw visions of iron dragons, ridden by men spitting lead on the ground below them. He saw death in its numerous forms till he couldn’t stop screaming from the pain. He felt the pain of victims in a room, covered in a strange gas that made them gasp for air, their nails torn off from scratching on the doors for escape.

And as soon as the visions began, they stopped. Xioden was gasping for air but the pain had ceased. He felt like a stranger in his skin.

*Visions of the old world. Gods.*

Xioden shakily got back on his knees, unable to look at the skull, still struggling to breathe. The message in the experience had been clear. The being before him was not a god. It was far worse. He knew what the being was. Or represented but he couldn’t fathom how. He had never read about it ever happening like this. There were no records about the being, except for references. The closest reference was in the god, Thanatos but his power was vastly inferior to the being before him.

The atmosphere in the black room created by the being changed once more. Xioden’s lung filled with air and he inhaled deeply. He was terrified more than he had ever been when his mother told him stories of iron dragons of the air. He had thought that to be myth but after the visions he had seen, not anymore.

The black mist stopped whirling around him but the darkness deepened. A single light emanated from above him, from the skull itself. He glanced briefly at the edges of the skull face before looking down.

“Do you know who I am...now?” The voice came from his sides and from above, from the skull in the black mist. It came like a whisper, the words echoing in his ears, lingering a bit longer than words do.

Xioden nodded profusely.

“Say it. Say my name…” The skull commanded.

Xioden knelt upright facing the skull with tears sliding down his face. He knew his life was never going to be the same again. He knew there was no going back from the promise, no shelter that could hide him. At that point, Xioden knew that he was wholly bound to the being before him. SO he opened his mouth. And he replied.

“Death.”

&#x200B;

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


NB: Sorry about the short. I'm trying to balance work with writing at the moment, but I figured I could give a second part to it.

In regards to updates about this, please use HelpMeButler <Death-Bringer>, alternatively, the announcement will have details on it going forward.&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:|||
|:-|:-|:-|


As soon as the name was uttered, the dark mist began spinning again, more violently than before. The glow of light that had emanated from the skull reduced and before Xioden’s eyes, the light split into two. The small spheres of light moved into the eye sockets of the skull and for the first time in the encounter, the skull’s mouth began to click.

He soon realised that the click sound the skull was making was Death laughing. Sweat trickled down Xioden’s face and he struggled to keep his trembling under wraps, but he couldn’t. The dark mist whirled round uncontrollably around him and he could only swallow the nauseating vomit that had been forming in his throat since the visions he had seen. All to suddenly, the darkness came to a stop.

“You are bound… to me,” Death whispered, the skull snaking down through the darkness to look Xioden in the eye.

Xioden could see his life flash in the eyes of the being in front of him. All his lives. The lives his soul had been reincarnated in. The souls he would be reincarnated to. He nodded, tears rolling down his face uncontrollably.

“Mine…” The whispers filled Xioden’s mind, drowning out his own thoughts.

The dome of darkness vibrated around him before shattering into a thousand pieces of a dark smoke-like material. Sound came flooding back and Xioden could hear the priests gasp collectively. The materials rotated slowly and Xioden shakily extended his finger to touch one of them.

As his finger came in contact with one of the wisps, the shattered pieces of Death’s dome came back together with a concussive force, throwing the onlookers to the ground. In front of Xioden, spinning with a mad fury unlike that of one of the sand twisters he had seen growing up, was a small dark sphere. He was held in place by the force of the wind and of the power he was experiencing.

A thread came free from the sphere and it latched onto Xioden's left arm. The prince screamed like he never had before, as the thread unravelled faster, forcing itself to graft onto his skin. His vision blurred as he thrashed around on the floor, holding his arm. He heard voices around him shouting his name and rushing to get him. But it made no difference. He kept screaming till he couldn’t scream anymore.

And as his consciousness began to fade, the lingering whisper of Death was the last thing he heard.

“Mine.”

Xioden awoke to birds chirping outside his window. He found himself staring at a cream coloured high ceiling and tried to recall how he made it back to the room. Last he remembered, he had been praying to the gods for a boon in preparation for the tournament. He couldn’t recall if he had gotten an answer.

Maybe I fell asleep on the altar. Wouldn’t be the first time, he thought to himself as he tried to sit up. He felt weak, like all his energy had been drained from him.

“Young Master,” a voice called from his left side, and he turned to face his Chief Manservant.

“Farooq.” As he spoke, he felt the rawness of his voice and put his hand to his throat. He watched as his elderly man hurried off to a counter in his room.

Farooq quickly returned, a small ceramic cup in hand. The prince felt the warm hand of the man behind his head, gently pushing him up so that he might drink comfortably. He obliged and brought himself up a little bit, using most of the energy his body could muster. The cool water washed down his throat and he felt relief swell from within him. He finished the cup and Farooq helped him lay back gently.

As Farooq returned to place the cup back at the counter, Xioden extended his hand to grab the manservant by the hem of his cloak - only to recoil back in shock. His left arm had been marked. The memories from before he fell unconscious rushed back to him, and his insides worked against him. He forced himself to the edge of his bed and let the vomit escape him.

So much death.

“Master!” he heard his Chief Manservant exclaim before barking orders to the other servants in the room.

He had been marked by Death itself. He found himself wondering how he was alive. He had thought, amidst his scream, that the entity was killing him. A white cloth dabbed at the corners of his mouth and he smiled weakly at Farooq.

“I am okay…” the prince whispered, too tired to talk.

“It is going to be okay, Young Master. I have sent for the Clerics. They will have you back in top shape in time for the tournament,” Farooq said and Xioden couldn’t help but feel like the old man was chanting a prayer for him.

“No clerics,” Xioden responded quietly.

“But Master…”

“No clerics.”

His Chief Manservant bowed his head stiffly, before exiting the room briefly. Xioden swallowed and his face blanched as the taste of the vomit clogged his senses. The man returned to the Prince’s side and Xioden gave him a smile.

After a few moments of silence, Xioden tried to sit up again and Farooq helped him to.

“Does anyone know who marked me?” he asked.

“No, sire. There are speculations but no one has any idea. Which is par the course of how the boons are given. Only those who get blessed with the higher gods are known, but that’s because the pompous brats won’t shut up about it,” the Old man spat out, grumbling as he absentmindedly straightened the bedcovers.

Xioden laughed weakly. He had always enjoyed the man’s honesty, though it was limited to the confines of his room. Outside of his room, such honesty would earn the man a swing from a rope.

“Who marked you, master?”

Xioden opened his mouth to speak but stopped once he felt a heat on his left arm. He flinched and Farooq got to his feet, dabbing at the Prince’s forehead.

“You will need the Clerics, sire.”

“It’s fine. I need rest…” Xioden gently waved the man away, “...I was marked by…”

The pain in his left arm intensified and he gritted his teeth. As soon as he discarded the idea of talking about it, the pain subsided to a light throb. Xioden closed his eyes and exhaled.

“Every time I try to mention the g… the being who marked me, the marked arm starts to hurt. I think he doesn’t want me to tell you.”

Xioden smiled and his Chief manservant laughed with him, thinking it to be a joke.

“Leave me be, for a few hours. I think I need sleep.”

“Oh yes, sire. Lunch time is more or less over but I shall wake you at Dinner. Is that acceptable, Young Master?”

“Very much so.”

Farooq bowed and exited the room leaving Xioden to his thoughts. He wasn’t sure what to do or where to start from especially after being chosen. He had called for a boon and Death had answered. When he added the extra line in his chant, it had been a desperate hope for a god like Ares or Whiro. But instead he got Death.

Emotions welled inside him and he started to weep. He hadn’t been interested in the contest for the throne till his home got invaded and he had been forced to flee with his mother. They had spent the months after that, travelling with merchant caravans. Once they had almost fallen to a trap that would have forced them into slavery.

He didn’t care for the contest until his mother told him the truth of his birth. So he had journeyed to the capital to stake his claim on the throne. To replace the Mad King and give his mother the life the king had cheated her out of. Xioden buried his face in his hands, muffling a shout. He had read up on all the gods. It had taken him years. He had learnt the customs. He had saved up all his wealth. And he had hoped for a god to help him.

And still here he was. He had, in his willingness and desperation to carve out a life for himself and his mother, found Death.

&#x200B;

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|


Prince Xioden let the blade clatter to the ground as he stopped to catch his breath, his hands on his knees. He had spent the whole morning training for the upcoming battle with his brothers and while he still wasn’t sure if he could do it, he knew had to. He knew it was the only way. The battle was still a few months away but he had to practice. It was the only way he might survive against the skills of the first prince of the kingdom, Prince Arsa.

Xioden had seen him fight only once, back before he had staked his claim on the throne. He had been entranced by the first prince’s swordplay that he was lost for words.

*“It was like he was dancing,”* had been the only thing he had whispered along with the captivated audience.

“Is that all you have, Marked One?” one of the knights of the King’s guard called out in a mocking tone, pulling Xioden back to reality.

The prince gritted his teeth but he didn’t rise to the bait. He instead, found himself rubbing his left arm. He had truly been marked by Death. When he had been strong enough to get off his bed, he had inspected the markings properly in a mirror. The tattoo had begun from his forefinger, wrapping around his wrist before snaking up his arm all the way to his shoulder. The further up his arm it had moved, the bigger the tattoo had gotten. He hadn’t told anyone who his patron was and he wasn’t going to.

*The rumours are better,* he had thought to himself a few times over the days since the event.

“Just tired is all. I am going to take a break now,” Xioden said, standing upright.

“Yes, sire,”

The knight did a faux bow before turning on his heel and returning to camp. The prince let his gaze linger on the knight for a few seconds, frustration building inside him, before turning away.

Farooq came half-running to him, maintaining the public facade of their relationship.

“Your Highness,” The chief manservant said, bowing his head and extending a washcloth to the prince. Xioden noticed the man struggling to not look up at him and he, in turn, tried to suppress the smile forming on his lips.

“Thank you, Farooq” the prince took the washcloth and wiped his face with it before returning it back to the old man.

His chief manservant accepted the used washcloth and moved away from the prince, choosing to walk behind him instead. A soldier of the king’s guard stepped in line with the old man, behind Xioden. Another servant rushed forward, handing Xioden his robe and he draped it over his shoulders instead of wearing it. The servant looked confused and then distressed as they had expected to help the prince dress up.

“I choose to not dress now. I feel to have a bath first instead,” Xioden said noticing the servant’s torment.

The servant nodded and ran ahead of him to his chambers. He still found it weird, having people bend to his every whim. The idea terrified him. Growing up, his mother had stressed that he learn to be kind to everyone and to treat everyone as an equal. It was how his village was. But in the kingdom, everyone was either of nobility or in a lesser caste. And those in the lesser houses served the elite. It was the rule of the land, a rule he planned to abolish.

*I have to be king first. There is no other way.*

The Kingdom of Elemira was a large kingdom built on a hill and broken into ringed districts, with the outer rings being the poorest. The closer one got into the city, the more the kingdom seemed to change. King Roedran had personally seen to it that the districts were strictly divided, forbidding anyone from the lower houses from entering the inner rings of the city unless personally invited by the nobility.

The castle was in the innermost ring, pretentiously referred to as the Diamond fields by royal cohorts. The nobles closest to the King’s infrequent grace were in the next ring known as the Pearl province. Xioden himself was relegated to the Thorn district, the next ring after. He had found out early on that the nobility in the Thorn district were the noble families the king despised. Every other district after that was deemed lesser.

*Royalty is royalty, young master.*

Xioden looked up at the castle in the distance and grimaced, recalling the work he had done to get himself to where he currently was.

\---

He had worked as a farmer when he first entered the city, helping struggling families to keep their crops alive, after which he transitioned to merchant guard as a lot of merchants were being robbed by the thieves in the slums in the outer districts. As a merchant guard, he had been lucky enough to travel into the first of the inner districts. Any further and the merchant would require an invitation from nobility to get past the guards.

His employer was an esteemed merchant known as Glo Maxima. The man had walked in through the gates like royalty, commanding a small troop of twenty warriors and a procession of ten camels. Behind the camels was a red carriage adorned with golden edges and pulled by two black horses. It was in the carriage that Glo Maxima had been sitting in, taking in the awe of the people as his procession walked past them.

Xioden had been returning from the market then, his hands full with goods to be delivered to the families he served. Unbeknownst to him, he had walked into the path of the camels, and warriors, forcing them to come to a stop. One of the warriors had moved on Xioden, striking him down with a heavy blow to the head. Xioden watched as his purchases fell to the floor, some of which could not be salvaged. He attacked the warrior after that and the two fell to the floor, rolling around in the dirt.

“Stop!” a voice had called out even as another heavier looking man waddled towards them slowly.

The warrior Xioden had been fighting with untangled himself and bowed before the fat man. The man that stood before Xioden was short in stature but with a great weight to him. He wore an obnoxious shining green robe that had silver edges as well as small little diamonds sewn into the fabric.

“Who are you?” the man had wheezed, his nostrils in the air.

“Xioden, sire,” Xioden had replied, bowing until his forehead touched the dirt.

He wasn’t sure of who the man was but there was an unspoken rule in the outer rings of the city; if someone dressed better than you, they were better than you.

“Rise, young man. I haven’t seen anyone wrestle with any of my warriors in a while. And looking at you… you’re from the Kingdom of Nafri, aren’t you?” the man said, rubbing his chin.

“Yes sire,” Xioden replied, still bowing on the ground.

“Good. I have been wanting to buy someone from that kingdom. And seeing you wrestle with the men I specifically chose… I want you,” the man looked away from Xioden and barked to another warrior behind him.

“Take this boy and make him presentable. He’s to become one of my warriors,” the man said before returning to his carriage.

“But…” Xioden had stammered but another warrior hastily pulled him to his feet and dragged him away.

“There’s not ‘but’. The esteemed Glo Maxima owns you now. That’s all there is to it,” he remembered the warrior saying.

\---

“Your Highness? You’ve been rooted on the spot for a while now and people are beginning to stare,” Xioden heard Farooq whisper behind him and he waved his hand dismissively.

“No matter,” Xioden replied casting his gaze elsewhere before moving.

The training ground was situated in the fourth district of the kingdom, positioned away from the royal family, but not so far into the outer district to render them unworthy of helping whenever the king needed soldiers. The king had another army, however, hidden in the Diamond Fields. And apart from the noble families who had gone into the innermost district, no one had seen his Elites.

Xioden walked briskly through the districts’ winding road. He really did feel grimy and he had promised Jonshu a game of wine and cards before the day was up. He didn’t want to turn up late. He had been given a small humble cottage by his father as a ‘gift’ to ensure that they never met, not even by chance. The prince hadn’t complained. The house was his and that was enough for him. He had tried to move his mother into his house but she had declined strongly. She never explained why and after a couple of letters back and forth, he had given up on the idea. He would bring her down once he became king. That much he had resolved himself to do.

As he rounded a corner, getting onto the main road leading to the gates of the inner districts, his left arm began to itch. He gritted his teeth, a tight smile on his face as he waved hello to a few of the vendors he was familiar with. The itch got worse, and he found himself running his right hand over it.

“Young Master?” he heard Farooq call from behind him.

“Your Highness?” the soldier called from behind him.

“I’m fine,” the prince forced the words out and kept walking.

Just as the itch got unbearable, he heard a sound coming from one of the smaller lanes that broke away from the main road, sandwiched between two buildings far too close to each other. He found himself walking towards the direction of the sound.

Turning slightly to look into the gap, he saw two men arguing quietly in hushed tones. He couldn’t hear what they were saying but the bigger of the two held the other, speaking harshly at him. The smaller man flinched and shied away, pleading sounds coming from him.

Before Xioden could interfere, he glimpsed a dark hooded figure standing behind the bigger man. The lane seemed to grow darker almost instantly.

“Wait here,” he ordered the men behind him.

Confused, Xioden took a step forward. A flash of light caught his attention, drawing it back to a blade the bigger man had pulled out of his sash. Xioden watched as the blade lifted up in the air temporarily before coming down to sink into the smaller man’s chest. As soon as the blade pierced skin, the dark figure glided past the murderer, extending a shadowy hand towards his victim. Time seemed to slow as the smaller man fell dead to the ground.

“Catch him!! Catch the murderer” he heard a voice shout from behind him but it sounded far away.

He was transfixed by the dark figure in front of him. The dark figure grabbed the dead man by his hand and pulled him up, except it wasn’t him. It was a translucent form of the dead man. The ethereal form of the dead man vanished while the dead body remained still on the floor.

“You! In the dark hood. Who are you?!” Xioden called out, suddenly find his voice again.

The figure turned to face the prince as if surprised it could be seen. It raised its hand to his face, in a ‘shh’ motion before vanishing. With its exit, colour returned back to the prince and his surrounding came alive.

His soldier guard ran past him chasing the murderer while his manservant ran to his side.

“Your Highness, Are you alright? Are you safe?” The old man said, worried.

Xioden looked at him and then back into the lane. His gaze passed from the dead man to where the dark figure had been. He absentmindedly rubbed his left arm before he noticed that the itching had stopped. Instead, the tattoo felt unnaturally cool to his touch.

“I am not sure,” he replied.

Turning away from the lane, he resumed his walk slowly, towards his home uncertain of what he had witnessed. He knew it had something to do with his new markings. He discarded the thoughts brewing in his mind and quickened his steps, choosing to focus on the getting clean. Xioden remembered Jonshu had a very peculiar way of wasting all the good wine at the beginning of his card games and he really didn’t want to have to make do with whatever was left.

&#x200B;

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

||
|:-|


"I am the 37th Prince of the Elemira Kingdom, son of the Mad King Roedran. I have come to beseech thee, O Gods, for your blessing in earning the throne. My offering will be the deaths of my other brothers, a thousand silver pieces and a 100 gold pieces from my personal coffers, as well as a shrine in your name."

Xioden intoned quietly at the Altar of Sanctuary, doing his best to not laugh at the absurdity of the whole process. His ancestor, the Tyrant King had been the one to start the throne ritual. He had taken many wives in his life, some from within his kingdom and others from foreign land. And he had hated them all. So, on his deathbed, he made it a rule. Any one of his princes could take the throne after him, but they had to prove themselves in the arena. They had to fight, and kill and win.

And though the Tyrant had been the one to start the custom, the gods did not get involved till the second time it began. There were numerous rumours regarding why this came to be but Xioden had heard from the priests of Sanctuary that this was the only way the gods could sort out their differences without having a full scale war, the last of which destroyed the old world.

The popular gods like Zeus and Neptune would usually attach themselves to the strongest and richest princes. The average princes would get the lesser gods. And the weak princes would be lucky to get a god at all. Xioden hoped he didn't fall into that group. He didn't think he was Zeus worthy but he could at least compete with a lesser god of the heavenly pantheon. He knew his talents laid in being devious and extremely knowledgeable of the numerous aspects of the body but he had no faith in his strength.

*Maybe a god like Loki can bless me*, Xioden couldn't help but pray.

He continued his chant, repeating his birthright and his claim to the throne, as well as what he was planning to offer to the gods in exchange for their help. The minutes had passed by and he was beginning to feel hopeless. He could hear the mumbling of priests behind him, as well as a very obvious snicker of some of his brothers. He didn't face them however, choosing to focus only on his chant.

The Altar of Sanctuary had been the only place the gods had taken to be their neutral ground. Prospects can worship any of them at that altar or ask them for assistance. The altar itself was simple enough, a short high table upon which a gold circular signet was placed. Around the table on the floor, were small red candles of incense. Atop the table, around the gold signet, were two pale candles. The order in which they were ignited were privy only to the priests.

The incense was beginning to get to Xioden as he chanted, the smell clogging up his breathing and he began to lose hope. No prince without a god had ever lived long enough to survive the first night in the arena. Most didn't even survive the first few seconds. He didn't want that to happen. He couldn't let it happen. He had promised his mother. He had promised himself. In his desperation, he added one extra line to his chant.

"I am the 37th Prince of the Elemira Kingdom, son of the Mad King Roedran. I have come to beseech thee, O Gods, for your blessing in earning the throne. My offering will be the deaths of my other brothers, a thousand silver pieces and a 100 gold pieces from my personal coffers, as well as a shrine in your name. And should you wish it, more deaths in your name."

As the last word left Xioden's lips, he heard the priests exclaim and opened his eyes to see the smoke from the incense wrap whirl around him. It wrapped around him faster and faster, growing darker till it obscured his view. The darkness was thick and suffocating and he found himself panicking at the sight of it. Every time he tried to reach for it, or extend his hand out of it, it was like his life was getting sucked out of him. The shouts from the priests outside the dark smoke grew fainter and fainter till he couldn't hear them anymore.

And then, out of the darkness, a face peered out.

A skull.

"More deaths, you say... Tell me more..." A deep voice reverberated through Xioden, like he was hearing it from every angle and from within.

The prince nodded and then began to speak.

&#x200B;

|Next Part:||*)*|
|:-|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:|||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|


&#x200B;

Xioden gently sipped from the goblet he was holding, taking time to savour the taste of the wine before swallowing. It was a horrible habit he had picked up from living among princes but it was a practice he did enjoy on the occasion.

*And this is the occasion for it, else Jonshu will complain about me not being appreciative,* he thought to himself, chuckling quietly.

He watched as his best friend entertained the guests he had invited. Prince Jonshu had been the first to offer a sympathetic hand. And while he was thankful, their first meeting had taken him by surprise. He still chuckled at the memory of it.

\---

Glo Maxima had treated him fairly as a guard, and he served under the merchant for a few years before an opportunity presented itself. The king was to hold court for some of his nobles and by chance, on that very day, Glo Maxima had come to present his wares to be sold. Whilst the king hadn’t requested his presence, one of the noble houses had, in an attempt to win favour with the Mad King. The merchant had marched in with his chest puffed out, as usual, while Xioden had followed behind with his eyes to the ground.

Before Glo Maxima could speak, however, Xioden had stepped forward and shouted.

“I am Xioden, son of Murena and King Roedran. I am here to claim my birthright as prince of the kingdom. And to also put forward my claim to the throne of Elemira.”

The merchant had exclaimed with a shout along with the nobles. Within seconds the entire court was on its knees, bowing their heads to the king in a plea for mercy. Xioden had held the king’s gaze however.

“You’re from Nafri, I take it,” the king had said dispassionately, his chin resting on a fist.

From where Xioden stood, he could feel the intensity of the king’s stare but he held his ground.

“I am.”

“I remember. Taking your mother’s body to bed had been an unexpected pleasure. She was a fighter, though easy to subdue.” The king smiled evilly. “I take it she still has the fire in her eyes? Maybe I should bed her again as a response to your impudence.”

Xioden had averted his gaze then, afraid of the anger that was filling him.

“Very well. Hear me, all of you. This is to be my 37th Prince. A low born of Nafri. He shall be given a house in the Thorn district. And…” The king returned his gaze to Xioden, “...I accept his claim on this throne. We shall see if his bloodline can survive the battle.”

Word had gotten around almost instantly, with majority of the noble houses holding him in disdain. The princes saw him as low born and treated him as such, all except Jonshu.

Prince Jonshu had arrived in his new house, while he was still marvelling at the change in his situation. He had only ever lived in huts and a few highborn houses, but never had he had one to his name. And never to this level of affluence.

“Greetings. I am Prince Jonshu, son of Kukou and Roedran. 25th Prince of the kingdom.”

“Nice to meet you,” Xioden had replied, meekly, unsure of how to act now that his status had changed.

“Likewise,” The prince had gently pushed his way past Xioden into the small house, taking some time to look around before turning back to face him.

“We are going to have to give you a full makeover. I don’t know of your reasons for stating your claim but you’ve entered a hellhole of sorts. A lot of the other princes will hate you just because. Others, because of your supposed lowly status. I’m here to help you fix that - if you would have my help, that is.”

“And what’s in it for you?” Xioden had asked.

“A new friend,” the prince had replied.

\---

Xioden watched as Jonshu seemed to glide across his hall, greeting fellow princes and some of the princesses. He'd invited a few of the nobility, and Xioden could only stare as the prince transformed into the picture of a devoted host. Xioden watched as he shook hands, planted kisses on maidens and laughed at jokes told by men too old to be at an event such as this.

*Lecherous men looking for easy beddings, at that.*

Xioden caught Jonshu’s eye and the prince came towards him almost immediately, moving across the floor like an apparition.

“Do you always have to be antisocial?” Jonshu said as he drew near.

“I prefer the solace, you know that. Besides, I can’t compete with you,” Xioden replied, smiling at his friend.

“It’s not a competition. Come, the games are about to begin.”

Jonshu hoisted himself on one of the tables and raised his voice, drawing everyone’s attention.

“Ladies, lords, in the next room I have prepared some card games for us to have fun with. There are different tables with different games and different rules, as well as a servant of mine at each to explain said rules to you. Drinking is encouraged for maximum enjoyment. And if you would join me, we shall begin now.” Jonshu pointed towards a servant, who bowed and opened a set of double doors.

Xioden gazed inside and marvelled at the lengths to which his friend had gone..

“Come, come.” Jonshu grabbed Xioden by the arm and into the room.

The room had a high ceiling from which a chandelier hung from, casting light around the room. There were numerous circular tables placed about, each having no more than five small stools to sit on. On the table itself, in front of each stool, was a goblet and Xioden turned to face his friend who only grinned wider.

“You’re trying to get everyone drunk.” Xioden said, surprise in his voice.

“Drunk people play the best of games, my friend. Drunk nobles, even more so.” came the smug reply.

“Where shall we sit?” Xioden asked.

“Over there. Our special table. Amari, Nafar and Masimu will be joining us.” Jonshu replied.

“Ah! Now we’re talking.” Xioden replied.

\---

Time passed as they drank and played - and the hall only got more rowdy as the night continued. Noblemen fell to the ground, drunk out of their minds. Maidens were showing more than their ankles to anyone who would look their way. Xioden himself was beginning to feel lightheaded and relaxed.

“You’re not saying anything, Xio… Who’s your patron?” Jonshu asked, draining the remaining wine in his goblet.

“Someone powerful, I think. I can’t say though,” Xioden replied, giggling.

“Come on. We won’t tell, I’m sure. We won’t. Right?” Amari looked around the table, his cheeks reddened from the wine’s strength.

“I can’t say. He would kill me,” Xioden replied.

“So it’s a he. That narrows it down to like, all the male gods,” Jonshu said and the twin princes began to laugh.

“Maybe it’s Anubis,” Nafar teased, and Xioden shook his head laughing. Jonshu seemed to choke on his wine, which made Xioden laugh harder.

“Hecate?” Masimu asked.

“He said ‘He’. That’s a male. You know, members and such,” Jonshu chastised him playfully.

“Do gods even have that?” Nafar asked and Xioden shrugged, still laughing. Masimu and Jonshu joined in the laughter soon enough.

“They’d have to. It’s the only way they could screw the world like they’ve done,” Amari replied.

The sound of a goblet hitting the floor forcefully shook Xioden up. Jonshu was standing with his fist clenched, his eyes sharp on Amari.

Amari looked up at the prince and shrugged adamantly. “Just saying the blasted truth, my friend.”

“I told you to stop insulting the gods in my presence. Or in my home. I can tolerate it anywhere else, but I won’t let you bring ruin to my personal space,” Jonshu said, his voice rising in volume.

“I can’t help if it's true, Jonshu. The gods are unfair. And the scrolls and parchments from the old world have proved that much. Why should it be any different now?” Amari countered, getting up to his feet.

Xioden could feel his inebriation ebb away as the argument got more heated between his two friends. He looked into his goblet uncertain as to whether or not he finish the drink before setting it back on the table.

“Guys, settle… everyone’s watching,” Xioden said quietly, raising his hands up to them.

“It’s too late for that,” Jonshu replied, blood draining from his face.

At once, Xioden’s tattoo began to itch. He looked around and saw a soft wisp of ash coming out of the shadows of the curtains and under the tables. He got up to his feet and moved backwards to take a better look. The black ash continued to grow - and everyone was beginning to notice. Xioden looked back to see Jonshu biting his lip, mumbling to himself.

“What’s happening?” Xioden asked quietly, grabbing his friend by the arm.

“Amari has angered a god. I’m trying to stave his anger. Let me be,” Jonshu said, freeing himself of his friend’s grip. He resumed his mumbling in a low voice and Xioden’s gaze returned to the ash which had grown to tower over Amari.

Xioden looked around to see everyone still rooted on the spot. No one had moved. The tension in the room was high and Xioden swallowed, trying to steady his breathing. He wasn’t feeling the same thing he had felt when Death marked him but the air felt electric. Amari was sweating, choosing to not look behind him.

The ash solidified steadily, forming itself until a pair of eyes and snout like that of a dog could be identified within the ashen blackness. Xioden heard the collective gasp of the room.

“Lord,” Jonshu cried out and got to his knees, bowing his head to touch the ground, “...please forgive the ignorance of my friend.”

“Why should I?” A voice whispered from the ash form and Xioden could feel his insides turn. He made to bow down, as the whole room had begun to do, but he found himself frozen.

“I… I will increase my...my offerings to you as well a..as a new venture to grow in...er-” Jonshu stammered an answer.

“I warned you to warn your friend. You didn’t listen. Why should I?”

“I… I mean, what can I offer? I… I will-”

“You. You do not bow,” the god turned to face Xioden and the prince gulped, “You do not fear me. You do not… wait… who has marked you?”

“I can’t say, my lord…” Xioden cleared his throat, averting his eyes away from the god. He tried to bow his head but his body refused to listen.

“You refuse to answer me? Your friends are too insolent, Prince Jonshu. I shall rid you of them.” The god spoke to Jonshu before rearing up, gathering the ash like a massive hand.

As the god’s attack crashed down on Xioden, he felt his left hand move on its own, upwards towards the ash. The moment the ash touched Xioden palm it exploded outwards with a loud noise, dispelling all traces of the ashen figure. Xioden’s arm ached as he struggled to breathe.  The room returned to silence and then a whisper.

“I see now. You will pay, O marked one. That much I promise to you.”

The atmosphere in the room changed, but the tension in the room remained as Jonshu’s guests began to excuse themselves. No one wanted to remain in the presence of a man who had angered a god. Nafar and Masimu made their exits too, giving excuses and reasons as to why they had to leave ‘so early’. Amari muttered an apology to Jonshu, nodding curtly to Xioden before leaving.

Soon, it was just Jonshu and Xioden left, still in the spots they had been when the god had showed himself. After what seemed like hours, Xioden finally spoke.

“So you had Anubis,” he said quietly, massaging at his left arm.

“Yes,” came the delayed reply.

“How long?”

“A few months. I got his blessing the moment the altar was opened to us. To the princes,” Jonshu replied, getting back to his feet and taking a seat opposite Xioden.

“I thought you didn’t want the throne”

“I don't. I just needed some assistance.”

“In what? Wine and games?”

“You think all this was gotten by being the mad king’s 25th prince?” Jonshu gestured to everything around him before continuing. “I don’t want the throne. I don’t want to fight. I want to live lavishly and have everything I want without having to risk my neck for it. I made a proposition to Anubis. And in return, I get this.”

“What did you offer?” Xioden asked.

His friend looked away and grabbed a wine vase on the table.

“When were you going to tell me?”

Jonshu didn’t answer, instead pouring a drink for himself. Xioden waited for but didn’t push his friend.

“I wasn’t going to say anything. I had no reason to. Besides, you haven’t told anyone who your patron is, so I don’t know why I’m the bad one here.”

Xioden tapped the table absentmindedly. He looked at his friend and opened his mouth before closing it back. Even now, he didn’t think he would be allowed to say it. He looked away and got to his feet.

“I guess both our patrons are forcing us to keep secrets then.”

Xioden bowed to his friend and made his own exit, disturbed by the sequence of events and the fact that a god now had him as an enemy.

&#x200B;

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:||||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|


&#x200B;

Xioden walked briskly back to his carriage, his gown flapping in the wind. He grimaced. Farooq had been the one to convince him to dress in the expensive long and grey robe he was wearing. The old man’s argument had been that the dress would only serve to make the other nobles warm up to him before the main event. Xioden had argued back that it was just a normal gathering. Nonetheless, he reluctantly agreed.

The front yard of Jonshu’s house had been cleared in haste and only his ride remained. He sighed as he entered his carriage, his thoughts clouded by the events that had just transpired.

*I can’t believe he didn’t tell me. I can’t believe he would hide that from me.*

When he had arrived at Elemira, he had promised himself to not show mercy to any of the other princes. All he wanted was to win. All he cared about was winning. Then he made friends, and the idea had become harder to bear. It was why when his friends had told him they weren’t participating, he had been glad. Now he felt uncertain as to whether or not they were telling him the truth.

*I’m going to have to question Amari, Masimu and Nafar later regarding this,* he mused annoyingly to himself.

“Where to, my lord?” his carriage-driver asked.

“To my cottage.”

“Your… cottage, sire?” the carriage-driver asked, his confusion evident.

“Home. Take me home, Mathias. You’ve driven me long enough to know I call it my cottage,” Xioden said, raising his voice. He swore in his native tongue before turning his gaze to look out the window of his carriage.

His driver gave a reply he missed and the carriage began to move away from Jonshu’s. He looked back at the house, just as his friend came out. They locked eyes briefly before the carriage moved him out of view.

He sighed again, unsure of what to think or what to do. He had angered a god, by not doing anything. His marked hand had moved up against his will, and the god’s attack had been dispelled harmlessly into the surroundings. None of it had been his doing, save his unwillingness to reveal who his patron was. He hadn’t tried since Farooq had asked but he knew that Death would still grant him a swift death if he did.

Xioden chuckled at the dark humour his mind had concocted in form of a play on words. He looked ahead, seeing his carriage-driver and felt an instant regret. Matthias had always been good and respectful, and he knew that in a different life, they could have been best friends or even co-workers.

*You are a blasted fool, Xioden. You were raised better than to let your anger control you,* he thought angrily to himself.

“I am sorry, Matthias. It has been a trying night. Forgive me,” he said, calling out to him.

“It’s okay, my lord. You were right. I should have known.” Mattias replied, looking back to smile at him. Xioden returned the smile, albeit awkwardly, and relaxed.

It was only minutes before his carriage came to a stop in front of his house and he exited, waving to his driver and walking up to the door. He had barely reached the door before it opened inward for him. As usual, against his wishes, a servant was standing by it, bowing as she held the door open. He walked through and waited for the door to close before addressing her.

“I believe I said there wasn’t to be anyone opening the door for me,” he said calmly and he saw fear flicker across the servant’s face.

“It isn’t right, my lord. You are a prince,” she replied, bowing her head to him.

“Yes. And I have agreed for you to do the needful *outside* the house. Not inside. Did Farooq put you up to this?” he asked.

She didn’t reply but instead knelt on the floor and touched her head to the ground in front of him. He pursed his lips, looking at her, before glancing around the foyer of his home. His eyes searched the stairs which climbed up a few meters from the door, as well as the corridor underneath it, that led to other parts of his home. Satisfied that his chief manservant wasn’t anywhere in sight, he turned back to face her, crouching and touching her by her shoulder. She flinched and he rolled his eyes, before grabbing her by the arm.

“Stand up, Arissa. I won’t have you doing this in my own home.”

He pulled her up to her feet slowly, though she seemed extremely resistant. He shook his head slightly before letting go of her. She still looked downwards, hesitant to look at him. He thought about addressing that aspect of her but decided to push it to a different day. He was tired and he really wanted to call it a day.

“Where is Farooq?” he asked, looking away from her.

“He’s in your bedchambers, sire. He said he was going to get your bed ready for whenever you return from your night out.”

“Thank you. Retire to bed. You won’t be needed anymore tonight. And I don’t want to find out in the morning that you chose to not listen to me,” he ordered. Her face snapped up to meet his before scurrying down the corridor towards the kitchen.

He chuckled softly to himself before making his way up the stairs to his room. He found himself thinking about his mother again. He would have liked to show her how the naming system in the kingdom changed what they had grown up with. In his home in Nafri, sleeping quarters were called rooms, no matter how big or small they were.

*Over here, everything is too much. Bedchambers and carriages, instead of horse-carts.*

Once he got to the top floor, he saw that his room door was already open. He took a few seconds to compose himself before walking in. He saw his chief manservant sitting next to his bed, reading what looked like a parchment of sorts. The old man looked up from his reading and frowned at him.

“Young master. You’re back early. Is all well?” Farooq asked almost immediately.

“All is well, Farooq. I wish to sleep,” XIoden replied.

The old man got up and moved to him in one breath, holding him by his arms. Xioden looked down to peer at him, leaning away slightly.

“You don’t look like all is well,” Farooq said.

“All is well for tonight. Should I be feeling up to it, I might explain why all might not be well tomorrow. For now, I need to sleep.”

“Alright, young master. I shall let you have your sleep. But I will pester you tomorrow. The battle draws ever near and you have been off your game since you went to pray for a patron. I have to ensure that-”

“Tomorrow night, Farooq. Please. Let me have this night to myself,” Xioden said, interrupting him and the old man narrowed his eyes.

“Tomorrow! Not tomorrow night!”

“Agreed. Good night.”

Xioden freed himself from Farooq’s grip and bowed to the old man. He saw the old man almost march up to him before turning and walking towards the door. He smiled to himself. He still knew how to rattle his old friend.

Farooq had been a confidant of his before his royal declaration. Back then, his chief manservant was just another servant working within the palace of the Mad King. They had hit it off when Farooq had come down from the palace to do some shopping for the kitchens and they only drew closer over time as the man once confided in him that he looked like his son. Xioden had felt honour and sorrow at that. When the king accepted his claim, he specially requested Farooq to be his chief manservant. He had thought that it would mean that they related with each other on a level ground but the man had been adamant that Xioden hold himself to a royal standard.

Xioden got under his bed covers, dressed in shorts. If Farooq had stayed to see him undress, the man might have lost his mind. He hated the night gown that he was told to wear. It made him sweat at night, which only got worse when he was under the bed covers. He preferred to sleep in his shorts. It calmed him at the very least.

*And that’s what I need tonight.*

\---

Xioden found himself falling from the sky, just above the clouds. He wanted to scream but found that he couldn’t. He fell past the clouds and the scenery changed. The approaching ground in front of him was covered with machinery he had never seen before. He swallowed, his fear mounting. Sound returned to him with a loud bang, and his vision shook. There were explosions of fire and smoke in the sky he was falling through.

The metal dragons he had seen in his vision roared above him. They were several in number, chasing after each other, spitting their metal barrage against each other. He felt his hand move and that’s when he noticed that his hand looked different. His whole attire looked different. He was wearing a shirt of sorts, with what he could only guess to be an armoured vest over it as well as a heavy set of trousers, all of which were coloured the same dark green colour.

The *hand-that-was-not-his* pulled on a rope on his chest. He felt his body jerk backwards and he looked up at the sky. There was a large cloth hanging above him, hold him up and slowing his descent to the ground.

*Amazing.*

He swallowed as he looked around to find he wasn’t the only one on flying cloth, getting closer to the ground. Xioden could hear the sounds on the ground now. The large machinery with metal wheels had tube-like protrusions coming from their top. Every couple moments, he would notice the machinery jerk back as it shot something into the air. He could hear the shouts of people beneath him. They were dressed like he was.

*They must be soldiers. This has to be a dream. But of what? The world before?*

His feet hit the ground heavier than he thought, and he fell to his knees. He had expected the flying cloth to take all the weight. He saw the feet of another soldier rush towards him, to help him remove the cloth off. The soldier was shouting at him but he couldn’t hear what was being said. The noises of the dragons above and the large machinery deafened him.

The soldier grabbed him by his shoulders and shouted at him.

“We have to go now! The russians moved further into Paris,” the soldier shouted at him, “Our squadron is to push through the city and uphold the barriers till we get reinforcements.”

Xioden raised his brow.

*Paris? Russia? What blasted fever dream was this?*

“We have to go. Come on!” The soldier shouted at him before turning away and running.

He found himself running behind the soldier, a large metal object in hand. Xioden was unsure of what it was but it felt cold to him. It felt like an object of warfare. He glanced around and saw how his fellow soldiers used it. He observed as a few would point it forward, in the same direction as the large machinery and pull on a small lever on the weapon and the weapon would spit fire.

*Gods… what am I looking at? Is this the old world? This is how they fight? Where is the honour?*

He stumbled and hit the ground. There was a loud bang next to him and the ground exploded in a mixture of dirt and smoke. He felt pain in his shoulder and his leg. It was intense. He turned his head to see blood seep out of a cut in his cloth. He gasped and turned his attention to his leg, only to find none where there should have been.

Then he screamed, from a mouth that wasn’t his. He felt his hand close on a metal object and his attention shifted to it. It was like the large metal weapon he had been carrying. It was smaller. He felt the coldness and the familiarity of it. His hand moved to place the metal barrel of the object underneath his chin. His finger pulled on the small lever as he screamed.

\---

Xioden woke up with a gasp, his bed soaked from sweat. He found it hard to breathe. He put his hand to the place on his shoulder where he had been hit in his dream and he found a scar. His hand shook as he threw the bed covers off himself and checked to see if his leg was still attached. He exhaled. He was still whole.

“Gods…” he breathed to himself.

“I’d prefer if you don’t mention that word too much. Not with your unique situation.” a soft voice called out from the darkness and Xioden inhaled sharply.

He rolled off his bed, his hand reaching for the sword he kept beside the bed. His hand wrapped around the hilt and he drew the blade clean from its scabbard, as he stood to face the direction the voice had come from. He remembered the candles in his room being lit except they weren’t anymore. He breathed in once more to calm his nerves, before exhaling slowly.

“State your name, intruder. Face me like a man.”

The candles in the room instantly lit themselves and the suddenness of it startled Xioden. His grip on the sword tightened, as his eyes searched around his room. It rested on a figure in a dark cloak, whose seemed more interested with what was happening outside his room. The prince took a few cautious steps forward towards the figure before the figure spoke, in a soft but clear voice.

“I'm sorry to disappoint. But I am not a man.”

&#x200B;

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:||||||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|


Farooq walked purposely to the prince’s room, thinking of ways to chastise his charge. The events of the night before had scared him, as the thought of losing his master had flashed through his mind. He stopped before the door to Prince Xioden’s room and sighed, taking a moment to compose himself before knocking lightly and opening the door.

The sun’s glare through the open windows made Farooq wince briefly. He moved smoothly to escape the intensity of the sun and waited a few seconds for his vision to clear itself. He looked up at the prince’s bed and gritted his teeth. He hadn’t expected to find it empty.

*Blasted prince is probably still in the library,* he thought to himself angrily, putting down the tray of breakfast on top of one of the cupboards in the room.

He walked towards the side of the bed that the prince had thrown up and inspected the place once more to ensure that it was clean, before closing the window and the curtains of the room. He smoothed the bed down, taking his time to ensure that the room was presentable when the prince returned though he had a feeling the prince might decline. He paused briefly and sat on the bed, feeling a weakness disabling him.

Farooq wasn’t sure what was going on with him but he had been feeling more tired than usual. His aged bones groaned against each other every time he moved and he found that any excess work would cause him to pause at intervals to catch his breath. He had considered telling the prince but he knew that Xioden would just order him to go see a healer.

*It’s not like I have to listen to what he says*, the old man thought weakly to himself before dismissing the thought. He would have to obey what the prince said. It was the only way to reinforce the teachings he had been trying to instill into him.

The old man had no respect for the royals, save a few that had no real power except for the title. Finding out the kind, soft spoken man who was always helpful to him was actually of royal blood was a shock to him. More so after the prince personally requested for him to join in his service. He had sworn to himself to make him fit to be king after that.

Farooq sighed and got off the prince’s bed slowly, smoothing away the wrinkles he had caused and returned back to the tray of food. He picked it up and made his way out of the room, taking a last glance at the bed before closing the door.

The ‘cottage’, as the prince loved to call it, was not cottage-like  in any form. It was a sizeable mansion, similar to that of the nobles that lived in the same district. It had held five royal sized rooms but Prince Xioden had converted the three of the rooms to serve different purposes. The top floor of the mansion held two rooms, one of which was the master bedroom. Farooq had debated hotly with him to reserve the other room for guests, even though the prince could not understand why. Nonetheless, Farooq had won that argument.

The ground floor held the rest of the rooms, as well as the kitchen, the pantry and the servant quarters which was placed to the back of the mansion. One of the rooms was built close to the servant quarters and that had been converted to a miniature library. The old man and the prince had mutually agreed that a library would be a beneficial addition in order to catch up on the studies the other prince had gotten in the palace. To further this, Farooq had found a skilled hand to create copies of some of the scrolls in the royal archive to stock up the library.

For the other two rooms, Prince Xioden had converted one to act as an in-house bakery with its wares sold in the lower districts to bring in some gold to his coffers. The other was turned into a tailoring room. Farooq, under the prince’s orders, had also hired a skilled tailor to sew garments with adornments on, which was subsequently squirrelled down to the lower district and sold as premium wear for royalty. No other prince, save Jonshu, knew about this.

Farooq made his way down the stairs, passing the servants who were sweeping the halls and he greeted them gently. When he got to the library, he took a moment to steady himself before knocking on the door three times.

*He’s probably asleep but this way he doesn’t get to whine that I didn’t knock,* the old man thought, smiling to himself.

He raised his hand to knock again when the door opened.

\---

The table before Xioden was littered with numerous scrolls and he still could not find the one he was looking for. He ran his fingers through his hair and gritted his teeth in frustration. He couldn’t tell how long he had been in his library and he didn’t want to know. He just wanted information.

As soon as he had entered the library from his chance visit with Thanatos, he had been focused on finding some details regarding everything. He wanted to know more about his patron, more about his predicament and more about the old world that Thanatos wanted him to learn from.

He had found himself lamenting about the pit he had fallen into since the day he prayed at the Altar of Sanctuary. And while he had allowed himself to feel pity, he knew that he couldn’t change the past. He could only change his future. And he was tired of being caught unawares. When he was left to his own devices, he had opened the map the god had given him and placed it on the table. What he had seen had made him swear.

*The map is blank. He gave me a blank blasted map,* Xioden had thought to himself.

He had considered discarding the map before reasoning that for a god to give it to him, it would probably be special in some way so he had pocketed it in his gown and gone searching for scrolls that might have anything on the old world.

The scrolls on his table mentioned the old worlds as a title but never with specific destinations. Rarer still were the scrolls that mentioned anything to do with ‘guns’ or any  metallic object with the ability to shoot metal. There were passing mentions of it, discarded by the scribes as children’s fancies and they never said more than that. He was unlucky in his search for Death as a patron. He hadn’t expected much success in that area but he had hoped.

Xioden shut his eyes and inhaled deeply. He exhaled and bent down to check some of the scrolls that had fallen to the ground before he heard three short knocks on the library door.

He paused for a moment debating whether or not to open but he had a feeling whoever was knocking probably needed his attention. He had stressed to the servants that he preferred to not be disturbed whenever he was reading. And he knew all of them will keep to that order.

*Except Farooq*, he thought.

He got to his feet and grudgingly walked to the door. He opened the door and grimaced.

“That’s not a good way to greet a person, Xioden,” Farooq muttered before pushing past the prince.

Xioden sighed as he watched the old man glance at the cluttered table. He closed the door and returned to his chair. With a hand, he swept the scrolls off the table and down to the floor after which he shot his manservant a lazy smile and the old man dropped the tray he was carrying on the table.

“You’re making it hard to help, Xioden,” Farooq said in a low voice, as he set up the table for the prince, placing the freshly baked pastries to the side of the meat and fruit on the plate.

The prince looked at him for a moment before nodding and sighing again.

“I apologise. The stress of the oncoming tournament is getting to me…” Xioden replied.

“It’s not the stress, I’m referring to. That much is visible to everyone in the Kingdom to see.”

“The kingdom? Ah. This is one of your rare jokes,” the prince replied blithely.

“Ha! Ha! You are stiff when you’re stressed. And you tend to bite everyone’s head off. Matthias told me about the incident yesterday night,” Farooq said, pausing as Xioden grimaced before continuing with a smile, “I’m talking more about you. And how you carry yourself as a prince.”

“What did I do now?” Xioden said, exasperated.

“It’s not about what you did. It’s what you’re *not* doing,” Farooq replied, stepping away from the table and giving Xioden a look.

Xioden half-shrugged, still confused by what the old man was trying to say. He grabbed a piece of bread from his plate and bit into it, savouring the texture in his mouth before looking at Farooq. He opened his mouth to speak but his chief manservant beat him to it.

“No talking with your mouth full. That’s the basic of basics, Prince Xioden. And if it is to ask what it is you haven’t done, I’m talking about socialising with the other nobles,” The old man chided, passing a napkin to the prince to clean his mouth.

Xioden begrudgingly nodded, focusing on the meal in front of him.

*I have to commend the bakery some time. This is magnificent*, he thought to himself briefly returning his focus back to the topic at hand.

“I haven’t had time to ta-,” Xioden began.

“You’ve had time, Prince Xioden. Plenty of that. Yes, your elusive patron is going to help, but you need the nobles. You need their backing or finance or insight and if you know the right ones, details about the setup of the battle royale,” Farooq cut him off.

“And I will get to-”

“No, you won’t. You say you will, and I know you mean it in the moment. But that’s it. It’s only in the moment. Once you’re done, your mind moves to other things and whatever inkling you might have held to live up to your word is gone.”

“I get it. I have-”

“...been busy. I get that too. What I’m trying to say is-”

“Will you stop cutting me off and let me talk?” Xioden said in a louder voice, raising a hand to Farooq.

The old man looked shocked for a moment, before making a curt bow towards the prince. Xioden wiped his mouth clean with the napkin and focused his gaze on Farooq.

“I hear you. I have not been socialising for my own reasons, which you are privy to. Yes, I have *planned* to try but I haven’t gotten to it yet. But I will do it. In fact, let me make you a promise. I have some things to sort out first, in regards to the battle. Once that is done, I will do just that. Socialise.”

Xioden watched as his Farooq’s brow raised in mild surprise, before his mouth broke into a small smile. The prince nodded and returned to his meal quietly. He intended to keep the promise, though he wasn’t too keen on meeting nobles and worse yet, princesses.

All his life, all he had heard of, was of the ‘Princes of Elemira’ but he had never once given much thought to whether or not the king had daughters. As it happened to turn out, the king did and they were much worse than the princes, in the way they treated him. The thought of the king having a son, born of Nafri blood, wasn’t a concept that was as accepted as he would have liked.

Still, he had to socialise.

*The plan for after I win the throne,* he thought to himself.

Farooq had made it clear that winning the deathmatch was half the battle. Getting the nobles to his side would mean he could change the laws in the kingdom to better serve everyone and not just the elite and those who lived in the upper districts. He had plans to review the terms of service of those who lived in the lower districts but he would need the nobles on his side before enacting them, in order to stave off a revolution by those who would not enjoy the change.

He had thought being king meant his rule was absolute but Farooq had made him understand how naive that line of thinking was.

“So what is it that you plan to do?” Farooq asked, pulling the prince out of his ruminations.

“I had a dream yesterday night that I think is a clue from my patron. It is about the old world. I have been going through the records you have helped me gather but I can scarcely find any reference to the old world,” Xioden replied.

“But why?”

“That is private, I’m afraid. My patron is extremely… averse to people knowing about him. At least, for the moment.”

“That’s an odd god, if I’m to say so myself,” Farooq said. XIoden smiled tightly as his arm began to itch.

“Regardless, that’s priority for me at the moment. Do you reckon there will be information in the royal archive?”

“There might be. But the royal archive is in the palace. I don’t think the king will tolerate your presence and it would be a travesty to lose you before the battle even begins.”

“Agreed. That’s why I’m not going. You will be,” Xioden said, glancing at his chief manservant with a coy smile on his face. Farooq’s eye narrowed before replying.

“And if I do this, you will socialise?”

“After my studies, yes,” the prince said, nodding.

“Then sure! I shall go now even. Speed up events, as it may.”

“Ah great!”

Xioden watched his manservant bow low to him before he turned to leave. The old man was at the door before the prince called out to him. He wasn’t sure if his servant would have any idea but he figured it was worth a try.

“Say… if someone of power…” Xioden began, running a hand through his hair.

“Someone of power?” Farooq asked, his brow furrowing in suspicion.

“Humour me here. If someone of power gave you a map to read but the map is blank, would it mean something?” he asked and the old man rubbed his beard, falling silent for a moment before answering.

“Perhaps the map can only be read in special circumstances?”

“I thought as much. Just wanted to confirm my reasoning. That is all.”

“You keep a lot of secrets, Prince Xioden. Especially of late,” the old man said, narrowing his eyes at the prince.

“Aye. It’s weird to consider, but such is the pit I have fallen into.”

Xioden nodded at his manservant, who bowed once more and exited the room, leaving the prince to his devices. He stopped eating and sighed, getting to his feet. He wasn’t hungry but had eaten to prevent Farooq from chastising him. He was more concerned with figuring out how to read the map.

The battle was due to commence in a fortnight, and he was more uncertain than ever about his chances of success. Prior to beseeching the gods for help, his resolve had been firm and unshaken by the fact that his half-brothers had been training far longer than he had. It had simply been made him more driven and determined to win. The meeting with Thanatos, however, had now sowed a seed a doubt in his mind. A doubt that all he had done was for nought.

He exited his library and briskly walked back up to his room. On his way, he considered what Thanatos had said in regards to the map.

*There’s nowhere more private than a private library,* he thought annoyingly to himself.

“Bah!” he grumbled quietly, under his breath.

On his walk up the stairs, one of his female servants walked past him, curtsying as she saw him and he called out to her.

“I had my breakfast in the library. Can you please help me clear it? Also, send someone to prepare a bath for me,” he said and she curtsied again, hurrying off.

Returning to his room, he opened his curtains to let the sun shine through. The warmth on his skin drew a small smile from him before he returned to sit back on the bed, in the same spot as he had the night before. He removed the map again and laid it out on his bed briefly. It still remained blank. Xioden sighed and began to fold it until the sun touched an edge of the paper and he saw something different.

As if spurred on by the sunlight, inked lines began to appear on the map. They were soft at first, as if faded. Xioden exclaimed in quiet surprise before rushing to his curtains and opening them wider. He brought the map to his window and let the sun shine squarely on it.

The faded lines deepened and he could see them distinguish familiar and unfamiliar locations, with accompanying names depicting the places. He could see the entirety of Elemira, the frozen lands of Lliacin and even Nafri. He could see the smaller lands of Iresha, situated not too far off from Elemira, but closer to the forbidden lands of the East. Most of the ocean ran along the north and south ends of the map, though there was some body of water separating the west lands and the east lands.

Then the map changed in front of him. The lines depicting the borders of Elemira to the south pulled downwards, showing more land where there should be water. Nafri grew much larger too, as well as Iresha. There were more lines now, demarcating sections of the maps and the names of the locations began to change.

Xioden let out a gasp as he saw the two names from his vision-dream. He dropped the map hastily and reached for an inkwell and a quill. When he checked the map, it had gone blank again so he exposed it to sunlight and waited for the lines to deepen once more. As soon as the map began to change, he began to use the quill to mark the positions he had seen in his dream. He marked a cross on ‘paris’ which was in the lands of ‘France’. He circled some of the names he had seen and marked them down for future reference.

And then he saw a thinner red line snake its way up the map to a location in the northern parts of Elemira, ending with a red cross. Xioden marked down the location with his ink and folded the map away. It was only then that he noticed he had been holding his breath.

“Your highness?” a voice called from behind him and he spun fast, reaching for a sword on his side, except he had none. The servant looking at him jumped in shock and fell to the ground, her head to the floor.

“Apologies, Prince. I was just here to inform you that your bath is ready,” the servant said, her voice shaking.

“It’s fine. Sorry for frightening you as such. Thank you. You can go,” Xioden replied and she got to her feet, curtsied and hurried out of his room.

He took a quick look around his room to see if there was a place he could conceal the map until he needed it before settling on the scabbard of his sword. He folded the map once more, neatly, before inserting it into the scabbard to rest on the side of his blade. His mind was racing on the things he had seen and he couldn’t wait to see what Thanatos had marked out for him.

*First things first, I need to go have a shower before Farooq loses his mind.*

&#x200B;

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


*It's xmas eve so I make no promise. I will try.*&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:|||||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|


Xioden froze on the spot, unsure of what action to take next. He inspected the figure a bit more. His intruder was easily taller than he was, slender with bony arms that grasped the frame of his window panel. He could see a dark wisp-like smoke dancing around the edges of the figure’s cloak, close to the ground.

The figure turned around and Xioden frowned, confused. The figure had a young man’s face, handsome, far more than any of the other princes he had seen, with kind eyes. The prince took a step back and the figure moved slowly towards him till he easily towered over the prince.

“You should sit down. We need to talk.”

The dumbfounded prince nodded absently and walked backwards towards his bed, unwilling to take his eyes of the intruder. He sat down on the edge of his bed but didn’t let go of his sword. The figure’s gaze shifted from him to his sword and back again before seemingly letting it be. The cloaked figure waved a hand in the air and a stool materialised behind them. Then the figure sat.

“Do you know *what* I am?” the figure asked.

“A god.” Xioden answered shakily, his voice almost a whisper.

“A god,” the god repeated before changing his seating position, as if to rest his back and Xioden watched as the stool transformed into a high-chair.

“Do you know what god I am of?” The figure asked and Xioden shook his head. The figure smiled sadly before continuing.

“Your kind popularly know me as the ‘God of Death’. Does that give you enough information?”

“Thanathos.” The prince whispered and the god nodded.

“For the sake of the discussion we are about to have, I am going to correct you, simply because our business aligns. I am not the god of death, for no one controls death. Except Death itself. Nay, I am the god of ‘dying’, for it is the role your patron, and my lord, awarded to me.”

Xioden could feel the chill in the room as the temperature dropped and he shivered. Sweat beads formed on his forehead and he knew it was from what he was hearing. It rattled him to his very core.

“How…” the prince cleared his throat, “...how is that possible? The parchments… they record you as the god of death or death itself. Is it not you who marked me? You’re the personification of-”

“I am the god of dying. I have been mistaken for that which I am not and that is why you have been marked,” the god said, sighing deeply, “The people that lived in the world before yours, they are recorded as Grecians or Greeks. They named me, and worshipped me as death, because my face would be the one they saw before life ended for them. Or rather, before it didn’t end for them. As such, I was put on a pedestal that isn't mine, with temples and art that isn't mine.”

“But...how?” Xioden asked, more confused than ever.

“It matters not. Perhaps I shall explain a different time. I am here to tell you what your patron requires of you. And how best to achieve it.”

“I promised Him death,” the prince replied, looking at his marked arm. He shivered again before bringing his gaze back to Thanatos.

“Ah, yes. I heard that as well as the rest of the heavens. Such a brave and yet, stupid thing to offer. As you can now tell for yourself,” the god responded, smirking as he said it.

Xioden swallowed but said nothing.

“You will deliver it to him. Not by a sword. It is useless. Your skill with a blade is commendable, but your brothers have been at it far longer than you have, and their patrons won’t spare you any favours. Against a blade, you are bound to lose. You have to use something more.”

“Like what? I have practiced with a blade, and a bow and staffs and spears. What more?”

“A gun,” the god replied, and Xioden could hear something different in the way he mentioned it.

“A…. gun? What is that?”

“The metal object in your dream, with a barrel and a trigger you pull that shoots metal and fire. That is how you see it as, do you not?”

Xioden gasped and leaned away from Thanatos, clutching his shoulder. He remembered the dream and the visions he had seen. His vision blurred as the memory of the dream returned.

*So much death.*

“That thing in my dream has caused a lot of death. It isn’t honourable.” Xioden retorted angrily.

“Death doesn’t care about honourable. He only cares about death,” Thanatos replied, deadpan.

“As you can see, I don’t have a… a..” the prince stammered as he tried to find the words in his mind.

“Gun.”

“I don’t have a gun. I wouldn’t even know where to find one. I will rather fight with a blade and look my opponent in the eye. He can give me that much, can’t he?”

“He can. But why should he? He wants death. You promised him death. Why do you think he cares about what you want?” Thanatos leaned forward, interlocking his bony fingers together.

Xioden’s mouth opened and closed wordlessly as his sword clattered to the ground. He knew that the demands that the gods accepted from the princes would usually entail subservience in most things but some part of him believed that there was a mutual understand of sorts. That a prince would promise to help the gods and in turn, the gods would lend their power, not control their every action.

*By the gods…*

“You need to stop mentioning the ‘gods’ too much. Your patron doesn’t care for it. It’s why your arm itches when you think about it.”

The prince looked at his arm and it occurred to him that he had been holding his arm. He swallowed and looked at his markings. They felt cool to touch now, as if it was absorbing all the heat in the room.

“What if I decide to not do it? To not use a gun?”

“Then he takes what you love the most from you. And whatever he chooses to take, you do not get back. No matter what you do next. You can’t kill him, so don’t even for once entertain the thought. You can’t *‘get him back’*. You either do what he wants, or face the consequences after.”

Xioden looked at the god in front of him. Their eyes met and the prince felt an unbearable sorrow wash over him. He turned to the side of his bed and threw up the remnants of the food and drink he had enjoyed at Jonshu’s gathering. The god stood from his seat and walked to the bed, sitting down next to the prince. Thanatos opened his palm and in the center was a folded piece of parchment. Xioden took it gently, afraid it might do something to him but nothing happened.

“Open that in a private place. It marks where you might find the means to making a gun, for there are none anymore in this world. Tell no one of tonight. We shall speak again. I pray, for your sake, that it won’t be an unlucky visit.”

And with that, Thanatos faded away into the wind. The chill in his room vanished and he threw up again. He heard the sound of footsteps running to his door and he shoved the map underneath one of his pillows. The doors opened, revealing Farooq and another of his servants. They ran to him and he raised a hand to calm them down.

“Are you okay, young master?”

Xioden bit back his initial answer and instead, drank the goblet of water the other servant had brought to him. After emptying it, he exhaled and replied.

“I am fine. I am very fine. I just had a lot to drink, is all,” the prince lied, the lingering taste of vomit causing him to grimace.

His chief manservant bowed and ordered the other servant to get some clothes and mops to clear up the vomit on the floor. Xioden got to his feet and steadied himself on his bed frame. He knew he couldn’t sleep anymore so he chose to do something different.

“Open the library for me, Farooq. I think I need to study.”

“That can happen in the morning, young master.”

“It is morning, understandably early but morning nonetheless. I have a lot of things to study for, and unfortunately for me, not enough time.”

Xioden noticed Farooq eyeing him up and down before the old man bowed and replied.

“Very well, young master. Follow me.”

&#x200B;

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:||||||||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|


Xioden rolled down the sand, getting faster, till he came to a stop, hitting the ground with a dull thud. His arm had stopped itching but his body ached from the pain. He remained a moment, trying to catch his breath and compose himself. He turned around on the ground, and felt the chill underneath his palm.

*The ground is too smooth for my liking,* he thought as he tried to stand.

He rubbed his hands to remove the chill before looking around in the darkness. He cursed to himself quietly for not having something to light a fire with. There was a silence that made him uncomfortable.

“Kattus?” he called out into the dark but got an echo of his voice, but no response.

He felt around his body to confirm he still had his sword before drawing it out and calling for his guard once more. He had expected his eyes to have adjusted to the darkness but he couldn’t pick out anything in it and it bothered him.

“Kattus?” he said more loudly, ignoring the ominous echo that spoke back to him.

He heard a muffled groan and what sounded like a reply come from close to him.

*Blasted suns. He’s buried,* he thought as he unsheathed his weapon hurriedly.

Xioden got back to his knees, feeling around till he could touch the sand. Without wasting time, he began to dig into the sand with his palm, as fast as he could move. He kept calling for Kattus and the guard’s sound increased until he felt his hand clasp around what looked like an undershirt. He pulled with all his might and Kattus came free from the sand.

“So much sand,” the guard muttered annoyingly as he tried to breathe.

Xioden laid on the floor next to him and the two men remained on the sand for a few moments. The darkness still remained but Xioden didn’t get the oppressive feeling he had gotten when he was alone. He didn’t think he was afraid of the dark, but he silently admitted to himself that his nerves were still on edge after Thanatos’ visit the night before. After a few minutes had passed, Xioden got to his feet and pulled Kattus up.

“We’re in darkness, Kattus. Any ideas?” Xioden said quietly.

“It depends, my lord. We just fell into a hole. And the ground we are standing on is unlike anything I’ve ever felt. Are you certain we want to see what the light reveals?” Kattus replied.

“We can’t really stay in the dark in any case. Light a fire, if you can. Let’s see what it reveals,” he answered the guard.

The sound of two objects striking each other filled the air and with that, the sudden ignition of a flame, dancing precariously on a small piece of wood. The light barely illuminated Kattus’ face but soon enough, the guard had secured a torch.

“Where were you hiding that? Why would you have an unlit torch?” Xioden asked, bemused.

“For situations like this, my lord,” Kattus replied with a grin.

“Cave-diving into strange holes?” Xioden asked.

“You never know, sire. You never know.”

And the two men broke into a quiet laughter before observing their surroundings. Kattus held the torch high and whistled. Xioden could see why. They had fallen a great deal, and the sand was the only reason they survived. The sand that had fallen in with them now towered over both men like a small mountain. The height of the ceiling was such that the light could not even shine enough for Xioden to see what had closed above them. Instead, he looked around, catching glimpses of what looked like small tubes running along the wall. He moved towards one of them and Kattus followed him.

“What is it, my lord?” Kattus asked quietly.

“*By the gods*,” Xioden whispered to himself, tracing the pipes along the wall till it curved upwards away from reach before answering the guard, “I believe these are known as pipes. Inventions from the old world.”

He heard Kattus swear quietly and he smiled to himself. The guard moved closer to the pipes, tentatively touching it.

“Like the nobles use? For baths?” Kattus asked.

“More than baths. For washing, for drinking. For heat too, from what I’ve read in a few records. With this, they stopped fetching from wells and rivers unless absolutely necessary.”

“But it isn’t metal. It has a different feel.”

“Aye. Stand back. Let’s see if we can still get some water,” the prince replied, letting go of the pipe he was touching.

Xioden unsheathed his sword and struck the pipes. The blade cut through the unfamiliar casing but stopped as it hit something else. His brow furrowed as he tried again but once again, his blade stopped short of going through. He sheathed his weapon and waved for Kattus to bring the torch closer to the cut so that he could see what had stopped his sword. In the glow of the light, he held the pipes with both hands and tried to pull them apart.

*They won’t even budge, though they don’t sit level with each other anymore,* he thought angrily to himself.

Before he could do anything, Kattus hit the place he had tried to cut with his palm, smashing the casing in. Xioden looked at the guard who only shrugged as he began to pick out the broken pieces. Inside the pipe, Xioden could see smaller tubes bunched together. He felt them underneath his fingers before moving backwards. The tubes were far tougher that the casing he had sliced.

“The pipes run upwards if we follow it to the left. Let’s trace it in the other direction,” Xioden said, leading the way and Kattus followed.

“By the way, how did you know to hit it as such?” he asked.

“Just a guess, my lord. It seemed weak from how your blade sliced through it. Figured it was worth a try,” Kattus replied with a shrug.

The pipes lining the wall continued on for a bit and the two men followed it, taking care to observe their surroundings. Xioden noticed that though they had been there for a while, the air never seemed to lose its cool. If anything, he felt that the longer they remained, the colder they would begin to feel.

“The pipe splits off,” Xioden said, pointing ahead.

At the point Xioden was indicating too, the casing housing the smaller tubes had been stripped off while the smaller ones had split. A single line ran further on while the bulk of the tubes went into the wall.

“We follow the small one.”

Kattus nodded and both of them continued on. The single line led them further along the wall till it stopped next to a square object on the wall. The object had a small protrusion on it that resembled that of a lever. Without pondering on it, Xioden brushed his thumb against it, and it flicked to the other side.

A hum filled the room and instantly a flash of light blinded the two men. Xioden rested on the wall, using it to steady himself. He covered his eyes with his hands and fell to his knees. Slowly, after the initial pain had passed, he slowly removed his hands, focusing his gaze to the floor.

When he was sure that he could handle the light, he gently rose to his feet. He looked up to see Kattus had been staring around with his mouth open in awe. Xioden looked up and gasped. Up above them, a few meters above the pipes they had been following, was a bar of light that went around the room. The light was unlike anything he had ever seen. It was attached to the wall in a way that it looked like it was part of the wall itself. He couldn’t see any dancing flame behind the glass case at all and even if there was, he couldn’t explain why the light appeared as white as it did.

Up above the first bar of light, was another and Xioden could count at least three more upwards to the ceiling. It is also then that he noticed how large the room they were in was. He had suspected as much when he was tracing the pipes on the wall, but the room was larger than the king’s throne room.

“My lord, where are we?” Kattus asked and from his voice, Xioden could tell the man was terrified.

“I don’t know, Kattus. I really don’t know,” he replied back.

\---

After the awe had left them, Xioden began to walk towards the next wall. He felt like he was imposing in unknown territory and wanted to be out of the place as soon as he could help it. The dull grey colour of the walls, as well as the design on the walls reminded him of the nightmares he had the night before. It was the lights that bothered him more.

*Those are werelights. The lights of mages and sorcerers. We shouldn’t even be here,* he thought.

Kattus had followed him wordlessly but Xioden caught the man looking up at the lights ever couple seconds. He knew that Thanatos had sent him to an old ruin, but he didn’t expect anything like this. This was far beyond anything he knew. He knew it was foolish to attribute what he was seeing to the work of mages but he couldn’t help it. He had seen them firsthand, conjuring floating balls of light as bright as the room held and for such a *‘trick*’ to be possible by similar flicking a lever put him on edge.

*And these are just the lights.*

The third stretch of wall had no door and Xioden’s face hardened. He continued walking on towards the last wall of the room, desperately praying for a way out. He tried to not consider the possibility of the room having no exit. It would mean that he and Kattus would spend the rest of their lives in a room with an impossibly high ceiling and limited food. He didn’t even think they’d last the week.

As they moved past the sand hill, Xioden could see the that last wall had a sectioned hollowed out and Xioden found himself running towards it, cutting across the room. Kattus followed him closely.

*An exit!*

He reached the section and true enough, there were a set of indistinct double doors waiting for him. He unsheathed his sword and walked tentatively towards the door before he felt a hand on his arm.

“Let me go, my lord,” Kattus said, moving to take the lead and Xioden moved back.

The guard stood in front of the door and took hold of one of the door’s handle. He looked back to Xioden and the prince nodded, exhaling heavily. Xioden readied himself to strike should anything dangerous reveal itself from behind the door.

“Open it,” Xioden said and Kattus turned the handle.

The door opened to reveal a dark passage behind it. Before either men could do anything, a single line of light appeared on the floor, between both doors, tracing itself into the passage. It extended further into the passage, with a line of light branching off to the right into another passage running perpendicular to the one they were looking at. On the ceiling, rows of light similar to that of the room they were in, began to glow. They weren’t as bright as the ones in their current room but they illuminated the passage well enough.

He stepped through cautiously with Kattus and both men slowly made their way down the passage. He wasn’t sure of what he was looking for. The god’s instructions had been vague and it bothered him how little he had questioned it. He had simply jumped when the god told him to jump.

*“Take the left turning, brother…”* a voice whispered softly to him and he wheeled around.

His eyes darted around, looking for what had spoken to him. Xioden was about to turn away when he saw a wisp of black smoke disappear into the thinly veiled slit in the floor. Kattus turned around, poised to attack when Xioden waved him down.

“What was it?” Kattus asked.

“A little help,” Xioden replied, turning back to face the passage. He noticed the perpendicular passage to the left had no light trace which made him frown.

*No light at all coming from the left, it seems,* he thought.

“We’ll be taking the left turning,” he said to Kattus who looked at him questioningly.

“The light, my lord…” Kattus began before stopping at Xioden’s raised hand.

“I know. I know… Just… Let’s continue for now. We will return should we need to,” Xioden said. The guard nodded and they took the turning.

The passage they had entered was dark, the only light being that from the passage behind them. Xioden could see what looked like rubble in front of him but he wasn’t certain. He looked to Kattus who reignited the torch.

As soon as the passage was bathe in light, Xioden could see why the passage was dark. In front of him, was the ruins of a collapsed passageway which prevented them from walking further in.

“It’s like the ceiling and walls caved in,” Xioden said.

“Looks more like the work of explosives,” Kattus said

“Explosives?” Xioden asked.

“Aye, my lord. It’s not the destruction itself. It’s the destruction when you compare with everything else. Why is the other passage clear and well-lit? Why is this one destroyed? Why are there scorch marks on the edges of the remains of the passage?” Kattus said and Xioden looked back at the debris.

“Could be dust,” he offered weakly.

He could understand the reasoning in Kattus’ words as well as the unanswered questions it presented them.

“People who set explosives in a passage are usually trying to hide something,” Xioden said, scratching his chin before looking at Kattus, “or at least, that’s what I’ve heard in some tales.”

“You’re not too far off, your highness. It’s usually one or the other,” Kattus replied, grim-faced.

“The other?” Xioden asked.

“Well… it’s either someone is trying to deliberately hide something, or someone is trying to prevent something or someone else from leaving,” Kattus said, turning his attention back to the blocked passage.

Xioden grimaced. From the size of the rubble and the broken wall pieces that blocked the path, he could tell that it would take them days before they could clear it. He looked around, searching for a path before his eyes follow another wisp of black mist disappearing around a broken wall piece closer to the ground.

“Over there,” he said, pointing to rock, “let’s try to move that.”

“You sure?” Kattus asked.

“Aye. Let’s move that.”

Xioden sheathed his sword and moved ahead of Kattus, getting to his knees when he was close. He wrapped his arm around the edges of the broken wall, and began to pull it away. The guard joined him, putting his weight behind pulling it free and the piece moved. Xioden could see a hole which had been hidden by the rubble so he pulled harder. He saw Kattus positioning himself in a manner that allowed him to push the wall away as he pulled and it proved successful. Soon enough, the hole was visible.

“That’s where we are supposed to go through,” he said, catching his breath.

“Would we fit?” Kattus asked.

“We should. Looks wide enough. That said, it is deep, so we might have to crawl for a while.”

“Hope you don’t mind crawling, my lord.”

“I grew up crawling, Kattus. It will be like I’m home,” he joked.

After taking a few moments to compose themselves, Kattus took the lead though Xioden wanted to. He had argued with the guard but the man didn’t budge so he relented. Kattus crawled ahead of him through the hole and Xioden followed. He felt trapped underneath the debris and he worried that the weight would fall on him and Kattus both.

“Almost free, my lord,” he heard Kattus say though his voice sounded muffled.

Sure enough, the man crawled out of the hole a few seconds after that and helped the prince out too. As soon as they were free, there was a loud groaning sound of the rubble shifting as the debris readjusted itself.

“No way out through that anymore,” Xioden said, tightly.

“Aye. Let’s find what your patr-”

A loud scream echoed through the dark in front of them and the two men unsheathed their swords immediately. Xioden watched as Kattus held the torch higher in the air, in an attempt to light up the rest of the passage but they saw nothing.

“You were right, it seems. Maybe they were trying to keep something in,” Xioden said quietly.

“Hopefully, we don’t get to meet it,” Kattus replied.

And with that, the two men continued their slow walk into the dark passage.

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|Previous Parts:|||||||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|


Xioden patted the horse down as it shifted repeatedly on its feet, nervous. The horse shook its head and Xioden could feel it’s skin twitching. He rubbed the animal’s neck and spoke to it until the horse relaxed.

*That’s a good boy,* he thought to himself.

“And you say, that to rent the horse is 5 gold coins? I hardly think that to be fair…” the prince said, turning to face the stable’s owner.

“Aye. But you’re a prince. Surely, 5 measly coins are nothing to you, your highness,” came the reply from the short, balding man.

Xioden eyed the man. The stable owner was much shorter than he was, with strands of hair still left on his head. The man’s complexion worried Xioden, as he looked incredibly pale and sickly. He attributed it to the conditions of the overcrowded district. Once he had left his house, he had made his way down to the lower districts by himself.

He had wrapped his head with a cloth and dressed like a commoner to avoid drawing attention to himself. He also obscured his face with a scarf, creating a slit around his eyes. Usually, he would have had to be escorted by one of the king’s guard for any foray outside his district but not this time. He wanted to be by himself.

“5 gold coins for the horse and your silence,” the prince said, turning his attention back to the horse.

“My silence?” the man asked.

“No one must know of this, in any form. As it is, my servants will probably be looking for me. And they will try, on account of one particular. But you are not to divulge that I have visited here.”

“But why would they-”

“It is well known that I leave the upper districts whenever I feel… No matter. They know I come down to the lower districts every now and then. Some will come.”

“Aye…” the man rubbed his chin as Xioden watched him, “Aye, you have my silence, your highness. And the horse.”

“And the horse,” Xioden repeated quietly to himself.

He climbed the horse, using the stirrup attached to the saddle the stable owner had given him for free. Obscuring his face once more with his scarf, he put the horse into a quick trot towards the gates. He hadn’t gone far when another rider accosted him by blocking his path. It was a one of the king’s guard. A familiar face to boot. The guard was also dressed in common wear, akin to that of a mercenary.

“Prince Xioden…” the guard said quietly, doing his best not to bow his head towards the prince and Xioden narrowed his eyes.

“What are you doing here, Kattus?” Xioden said, through the cloth covering his mouth.

“I am escorting a *friend* on a journey,” Kattus said, scratching his head before looking at the prince knowingly, “Isn’t that what you’d prefer I said?”

“Where I am going, you can’t follow me,” the prince replied curtly, turning his horse to move around the guard.

“But I have to. Unless you care so little of me that my death won’t bother you,” Kattus replied, moving his horse again to block the prince.

“Meaning?”

“The excursions you take to the lower districts by yourself are not frowned upon by the king. But the king is not a fool. He has enemies everywhere, even among his sons and he is very aware that some seek his downfall in other ways, except the one he has stated,” Kattus said.

“In other words, the king suspects I might be scheming with one of the nobles or lesser houses?” Xioden said, leading his horse away once more.

“Not you, perhaps… but everyone. He’s distrustful,” Kattus replied, getting into step next to the prince.

“You still haven’t said why you’re here, Kattus…” the prince said quietly, his eyes darting around and his hand on his sword.

“I’m here because my job and life depends on it. You haven’t once gone down to the lower districts without me, so this is something new, I suppose. But with your servants searching, it will be my detriment to remain at the barracks and not with you. The king is not merciful,” the guard said wearily.

“I wouldn’t know about that,” Xioden replied glibly before adding, “Kattus, I go to a place that my patron has told me to go. It is why I move in secrecy. If you wish to follow, for your own sake, you have to promise me that no one finds out about the particulars of our excursion.”

“Well… your highness. I’m dressed in common wear, as are you. And my mandate is to be your shield outside your district. If you also wish my lips to be sealed, so be it,” the guard replied and Xioden nodded.

He still didn’t trust the guard as he should, especially as the man was part of the king’s guard; the king’s own personal army. His loyalty was to the king before all else. Xioden didn’t let himself worry, however. He had a feeling that Death or Thanatos might intervene should Kattus try to sell him out.

They continued trotting through the districts, increasing their pace as they passed the district gates, going further and further away from the castle. They slowed their movement when they reached the towering form of the main gates to the city. It awed him every time he saw it, as if it was his first time.

The gate was massive, standing tall at about 20 feet. It was bronze in colouring, with gold and silver ornaments engraved onto it. He had heard many merchants, when he still worked in the lower districts, call it the ‘Great Gate of Elemira”. He could understand why. The gate had a small opening to the side, which led to a holding for whoever the gate-guards deemed suspicious. Xioden had seen the inside of the holding once in his life. He wasn’t a fan.

“I’ll handle the talking to pass the gate, my lord,” Kattus whispered and Xioden nodded.

Kattus moved ahead of the him and Xioden fell back to follow him quietly. They joined the line of merchants and traders exiting the city as well as some of its citizens. Xioden couldn’t help but wonder why they would be leaving. He knew Elemira wasn’t as rosy as the tales and the bards made it seem, but it was far better than the other kingdoms.

*Or at least, that is based on what I’ve seen. Though, I haven’t travelled the other kingdoms except Nafri,* he thought.

“Hold!” a voice called out.

Xioden rested his hand on his sword casually and looked ahead. Kattus nodded towards a man who walked briskly towards them. It was a gate-guard.

“What is your reason for leaving?” the gate-guard said.

“We are taking a quick excursion. My charge is a scribe and wants to explore a bit of the outer kingdom. I am to be his guard for the journey,” Kattus said.

The gate-guard inspected Kattus before turning his attention to Xioden. The man looked at the prince questioningly before narrowing his eyes at the hand on the sword.

“Why does your scribe cover his face, mercenary?” the gate-guard said.

“Because...” Kattus scratched his beard and leaned closer to the guard, “...he doesn’t want to be recognised by his fellow scribes. There is a race, you see, to find what it is we are looking for. And my charge doesn’t want his peers to know he has beaten them to the chase. There are spies everywhere, you see.”

Kattus peered around suspiciously before returning his gaze back to the guard. The gate-guard did the same before stepping away and straightening his back.

“Go. Make it quick,” the man said and Kattus nodded, moving his horse into a gallop.

Xioden smiled underneath his scarf and followed Kattus out the gate.

\---

“So where is it that we are going, your highness?” Kattus asked when they were farther away from city.

“Just follow me. Keep an eye out for anything suspicious. Or interesting,” Xioden replied, taking the lead from Kattus.

“Aye,” Kattus replied and followed behind silently.

Once they had moved away from the city some more, Xioden began to lead them up north, slowing their movement to not tire the horses too quickly. He removed the map from a pouch on his chest and exposed it to the sun. The marking began to show themselves again, but this time, with a new addition.

There was a small arrowhead on the path towards where Thanatos wanted him to go. The  arrow was light blue in colour and seemed to move as he moved.

*The map has the precise location of where we are? What kind of map is this?* Xioden wondered in awe.

They were still a ways out from their destination but Xioden was clearer on how they needed to go. He folded the map and hid it back into his pouch, taking great care to not allow Kattus to see it. The king’s guard himself trotted quietly behind him and Xioden couldn’t help but question the king’s motive. He understood the weariness of not trusting other nobles and the steps the king was taking to be safe but he found some fault in it.

“Is the king aware of the folly in this mandate?” Xioden called out to Kattus, who sped up to ride beside the prince.

“What folly, my lord?” Kattus asked.

“That of having his own army follow the princes wherever they go outside the districts. If what you’ve told me is true, and I choose to believe it is because you don’t strike me as a dishonest man, then surely the king must be aware that there is little reason for the princes to trust their respective guards,” Xioden said.

“Well, it depends on how many of the princes are aware, my lord. You weren’t aware but you probably suspected it was a way for the king to keep his eye on you. Especially after your reception when you declared you status,” Kattus said.

“Aye…”

“The princes born directly into royalty don’t have the same eye. They believe it is their birthright to be protected by the king’s guard. The truly insightful princes have more than just the king’s guard protecting them,” Kattus continued, “Like Prince Arsa, for instance, has a retinue of six guards. He has none of the king’s guard in his service.”

“And the king allows that?”

“The king understands his hands are tied. Pardon me, my lord, by the politics of the throne are layers deep. Prince Arsa understands the king’s intentions with the guarding mandate. In his play, by getting his own guards he is telling the king that he knows. The king, aware of this fact, knows he can’t force his guards to then follow the prince. It sends the wrong message to everyone who is watching,” Kattus explained.

“And everyone's watching. Every noble is eyeing the throne,” Xioden replied in understanding.

“Aye, my lord. It gets deeper. Prince Arsa, coming ahead in this play, can’t relay the information to any of his favoured brothers,” Kattus said.

“Information travels fast. It does make some sense,” Xioden said, rubbing his head, “My issue with all you’ve told me lays in what will be happening soon. The princes will be locked in a deathmatch and the winner shall ascend the throne. All the subtlety is wasted by that process.”

“Not as you think, my lord,” Kattus said.

“Nothing is as I think, Kattus. These last couple days have forced that much truth upon me,” Xioden said, absently rubbing his left arm.

\---

“What do we hope to find at where we are going?” Kattus called out to the prince after some time had passed.

They had been travelling for close to three hours and were taking a quick break. Xioden had removed his scarf and cloth he covered his head with, basking in the sun and hoping for a cold wind to balance out the heat. Kattus had stripped down to an undershirt, and patches of sweat was visible on his chest and underarms.

“Not too sure, to be honest, but it is something I would need, I hear,” Xioden said, stretching.

“Your patrons sent you out without telling you what to do?” Kattus asked.

“Well… the will of the gods,” Xioden shrugged, ignoring the itch in his left arm.

They gave their horses some water to drink before climbing back on. The map had shown Xioden that they were close to the mark, but he still wasn’t sure what he was looking out for.

*The heat and the copious amount of sand is not useful either,* he thought tiredly to himself.

The farther they had moved from the city, the more the kingdom seemed to appear barren. Large swathes of sand, with minimal civilisation anywhere. Xioden finally understood why the lower districts of the city always seemed to be overcrowded.

*There is no life outside the city.*

Barring some of the nobles houses and the sparse cities, that dotted the land, all Elemira held was sand and stubborn weeds. He had hoped to see some farmlands or something more but he was disappointed. And baffled that it only got hotter instead of colder.

Xioden brought out the map once more, uncaring as to whether or not Kattus saw it. The sun shone on it and the little blue arrowhead danced around the cross that indicated that they had arrived where Thanatos wanted them to be. He rubbed his left arm absentmindedly.

“We are here,” Xioden said, getting off his horse.

“There is nothing here, my lord,” Kattus said, doing the same.

“Well aware, Kattus,” the prince muttered to himself, turning the map around to see if the view changed from a different angle.

*No difference.*

He sighed and looked away from the map, to his surrounding. He was surrounded by some sand hills and the broken pieces of what looked like pillars. He muttered annoyingly to himself. There were some trees that stood alone towering higher than any he had seen in the city. He patted down his horse and led it to the shade the tree provided. He secured the horse around the tree and sat in the shade. Kattus performed the same action, sitting next to the prince.

“So what do we do now?” Kattus asked quietly, fiddling with his water bag.

“Not sure yet,” Xioden replied, checking the map. He cursed to himself as the markings had disappeared.

“Special map?” Kattus asked and Xioden instinctively hid the map, narrowing his eyes at Kattus.

The guard raised his hand and shrugged, “You’re not the first prince with a special object from their patron.”

Xioden stared at him for a few seconds longer before getting up to his feet and moving into the sun. He laid the map down on the sand and looked at it again. The markings came back into view even as Kattus moved closed to see it.

“It does say we’re on point. Maybe you’re supposed to do something, my lord?” Kattus asked.

“I wasn’t told what to do,” Xioden replied, gritting his teeth.

“Well… what else do you have apart from the map?”

*What else do I have?*

Xioden looked to his left arm. It had been itching for a while but he had largely ignored it. He had attributed it to the cursing he had done but it was still itching. He removed the wrappings covering it until the marking was fully exposed and he heard Kattus exhale in awe.

He folded the map back and stood to his feet. He turned back to face the broken pillars had had seen and just then, the itching intensified. He grabbed his left arm and walked. Kattus followed him from behind. With every step he took, the itching only got worse until he found himself hesitating.

“Kattus?” Xioden said quietly and the guard came to stand beside him, “If I fall, drag me up and continue to walk forward.”

The man stared at him intently before nodding curtly. Xioden continued walking forward until the pain became unbearable and he fell to the ground. The pillars were just a few feet away but the pain made him want to cut his whole arm off. He felt the guard put his head under his left arm and lift him up.

“Just a few feet, my lord,” Kattus said, groaning.

Xioden’s brow furrowed, even in the pain he was feeling. He turned to face Kattus only to see the man becoming pale quickly. Xioden jerked away, pulling his left arm from the Kattus and the guard fell to the floor, panting.

The prince stood to his feet unsteadily. He didn’t think he had the strength to move forward anymore so he stretched his left hand towards the pillar and wished it to do something. Suddenly, he heard a loud groaning sound come from beneath him and the sand began to sink inwards, pulling Kattus and him in. The guard tried to scramble out and only got pulled deeper in.

Just before darkness took him, Xioden could see metal edges appear from beneath the rushing sand and a realisation dawns on him. A hole had opened from underneath them and they were falling into it. As soon as he and Kattus had passed the metal edges, he heard a deafening sound as they snapped shut over him and they were plunged into darkness.

|Next Part:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden moved, faster than he ever moved before, his blade out of its’ scabbard and soaring through the air. He watched as the creature tried to avoid his blade but it moved too late as his sword plunged into the creature’s throat. Without hesitating, he slashed horizontally and the creature’s blood covered the opposing wall.

More screams filled the passageway and Xioden turned to face them, scowling. There were three other of the creatures standing away from him snarling and swiping at empty air, but none of them walked forward towards him. He glanced down at Kattus, and his scowl turned into urgent concern as he bent down to help the man. He ripped apart Kattus’ shirt, wrapping it around the large wound on the man’s shoulder. As he stood over the man, he could see a soft wisp of a dark smoke wrap around Kattus and he understood what was happening.

He growled softly, his hand tightening around the hilt of his sword. He knew he had to get the man out before he bled out but he wasn’t sure how it was going to happen.

*First things first. I need to rid myself of these pests*, he thought angrily to himself as he got to his feet.

Xioden turned to face the creatures who still hadn’t moved towards him. Instead, he felt like they had shied away further from him. Still, he couldn’t let them escape. He didn’t want them to. Stepping forward towards the group of creatures, he flicked his sword and leapt towards the creatures.

The closest to him screamed in a human sound that would have caused him to hesitate but he didn’t. It lunged forward towards Xioden as his feet hit the ground and he sidestepped the attack, digging his boots into the midriff of the creature. It slammed into the wall but before the creature could right itself back up, Xioden drove his sword into the creature’s head, killing it. As the creature’s body slid down the wall, Xioden swung his sword again, decapitating it.

The other two creatures rushed towards him. He dodged the swipe of the closest of the two, stepping backwards as its’ claws narrowly miss him before sidestepping once more, dodging the other that had lunged at him. He attacked the first one that had taken a swipe at him, slashing downwards. He managed to cut off its arm, as the creature moved away from him. It screamed and he moved forward to press his advantage. He had taken two steps when a hand grabbed his neck from behind and threw him backwards over Kattus.

He hit the ground with a hard thud which knocked his breath out of him. His vision swam for a few seconds while he silently swore to himself. As he struggled to get his bearings, he heard a snarl from behind him and turned in time to see one of the creatures jump towards him. Without thinking, Xioden moved his left hand, catching the creature by its throat. The creature snarled and he growled angrily in response, tightening his hold on the creature’s neck as it tried to claw at him. He ignored the pain, choosing to instead, slam the creature on the nearby wall. The wisp he had seen circling Kattus was beginning to circle around the creature as he tightened his grip.

Xioden kept his grip on the creature and he saw the wisp darken until it completely covered the creature. By the time he let his grip slacken, he knew it was dead. Scrambling to his feet, he felt better than he had when the fight had started. He felt his focus sharpen. He felt something solidify in his hands and glanced down to see a sword made of shadow. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he could feel himself question the weapon he was holding but he dismissed it, his attention levelled at the foe in front of him. The creature he had cut was backing away from him and he let out an angry growl.

He took a step forward and immediately found himself in front of the creature. Before the creature could react, he pulled the creature into an embrace, impaling it with the shadow sword. He pulled back staring into the creature’s eyes and he felt something akin to a quiet voice in the recesses of his mind.

*“Thank you…”*

He removed the sword and beheaded the creature in a swift motion. Silence returned to the passageway and suddenly as if energy had been drained out of him, Xioden sagged on the wall. His hands felt empty and he glanced to see the sword had vanished. He waited a few seconds before dragging himself back to where Kattus’ unconscious body lay. He could see the wisp surrounding the man get darker and he grimaced. His body ached and every motion seemed to make him ache more.

“Thana…” he said, before clearing his throat, “Thanatos!”

The wisp of smoke stopped swirling. He watched as the wisp gathered together into a mass before solidifying. In its place was the god that had started him on the journey. Thanatos was crouched over Kattus, inspecting him with a mix of amusement and surprise. Even in the mage light bathing the passageway, he could still see darkness swirl around the god.

“He can’t die,” Xioden said quietly, pointing towards Kattus.

“But he is dying. You’re asking me to suspend natural law. I don’t have that power,” Thanatos replied.

“I have to save him somehow. How can I do that?” he asked. Xioden closed his eyes as he tried to wet his lips. With every word he uttered, he felt more tired. He just wanted to leave. He had gotten what he had come for. He wanted out.

“Well, the exit you’re thinking about is a few minutes walk in that direction,” Thanatos replied, pointing towards where the last creature had fallen. Xioden nodded absently and got to his feet. He walked towards Kattus slowly, taking time to steady himself.

“He won’t make it if you choose to carry him. Not even if I extend his death by the minutes it would take you to leave this damned place. You still have to consider the journey back to the city,” the god said softly.

“You’re giving me no options. And I can’t just *not* do anything,” Xioden replied. He found it difficult to breathe and it seemed like the light in the passageway was beginning to dim.

“Well, I said I can’t but you probably can,” Thanatos said so softly, Xioden thought he misheard it.

“Sorry?”

“I said, the act you wish of me, is probably within the abilities gifted to you by our patron,” the god said clearer.

Xioden stopped walking for a brief moment, staring at Thanatos before turning his gaze to Kattus. He closed his eyes and tried to steady his breathing, clenching and unclenching his fist.

“I take it you’ve begun to see...?” the god asked quietly.

The prince didn’t reply but instead looked at his arm. He remembered just before they fell into the hole leading them to the building. He remembered Kattus trying to carry him. He remembered the guard’s discomfort and pain. He turned his attention to the corpses of the creatures on the ground and then back to Thanatos.

“The wisps… They are the sign of death, aren’t they?” he asked quietly as he stooped low to sit next to Kattus, resting his back on the wall and propping the guard’s head on his shoulder.

The god nodded sadly.

“And with my left arm, I seem to be able to cause death on those I touch?”

“If you wish. Death will leak out regardless but it can be controlled. As I explained to you the night before, I govern the act of dying itself but never cause the death. I can’t kill but I can tell when a person is about to die. Your powers are different from mine. Death imprinted a part of its direct power on you. As a result, you can halt death itself.”

Xioden looked at Thanatos and was taken aback by the sadness in the god’s gaze. He found himself drawn into an eternity of sorrow, as strange memories filled his mind. Memories of last rites and the minutes before death. Memories of the indiscriminate passing of young and old. He blinked and the memories were gone.

“How do I even use it?”

“That’s for you to discover, I’m afraid. And you will have to discover it fast. He’s fading faster now.”

He looked at Kattus and saw the pale look on the man. There were wisps surrounding him once again, darker than it had previously been. They twirled around him faster and faster. The light in the passageway was dimmer now and he thought he was hallucinating.

“Why… why is everything getting darker?”

He saw Thanatos glance around before narrowing his eyes in concentration.

“Nothing is getting dark, young prince. I believe your senses are beginning to open. The light has been the same. If it’s getting darker for you, then you’re seeing something different. Tell me. What do you see?”

Xioden paused for a moment, before looking around the passageway way. He shifted his gaze to Kattus before finally resting on Thanatos himself. He swallowed as the god appeared darker to him now, with his cloak seemingly trying to hold back a torrent. He exhaled heavily and then he spoke.

“There’s a smog of sorts in the passageway, flowing through, like a stream. The same fog is where the wisp surrounding Kattus is from. The fog circles you in an odd way, dancing at the edges of your cloak. I think your cloak is holding back far more and it is drawn to it,” Xioden replied.

“Look at your arm,” the god said, solemnly.

Xioden obliged. He watched as the smog circled his arm like it did on the god’s cloak. He brought his other hand up, gently brushing against the marking on his left arm and immediately his vision blurred.

\---

*“The containment has broken. We need to leave now,” a man in a white cloak said, calling to another dressed in khaki wear.*

*Xioden watched as the white cloaked man stumbled to the floor as an explosion rocked the building. The other man seemed focused, holding what the prince now knew to be a gun. There was a snarl and Xioden turned to face one of the creatures he had fought, barrelling down the passage in rage.*

*The man with the weapon pressed on the lever and a loud sound filled the passage, even as the creature’s body is jerked violently backwards.*

\---

Vision returned to Xioden and he took his fingers off his arm. The light seemed dimmer, obscured by the flow of smog.

*“Call it to you. Call the darkness to your arm,”*

He heard Thanatos whisper to him softly.

*“Call us.”*

He heard a multitude of voices whisper around him as he slipped in and out of consciousness. He felt tired, burdened by the weight of the marking on his arm and the decision he had made to fight for the throne. He thought of his mother, he thought about his home.

\---

*Xioden watched as a familiar woman descended into a coughing fit, a hand on her chest and another trying to cover her mouth to avoid getting blood anywhere other than her palm. She wheezed slowly, dragging herself off her bed and into the washroom to clean up.*

*“Mama…” Xioden whispered quietly to himself.*

*The woman turned around and her eyes sharpened before widening in surprise and fear.*

*“Xio… My baby…” the woman said, tears filling her eyes.*

*“Mama?” Xioden said, his voice clearer now. He stretched his hand towards her, struggling to touch her. Just as his hand brush by hers, his vision darkened once more.*

\---

“Mama…?” Xioden moaned as his arm began to itch.

He couldn’t see anything anymore, no matter where he looked. The ever moving smog had covered him completely.

*“Call them to you, brother… You can stop it,”* he heard the god’s ever quiet whisper, like a lullaby to sleep.

“They won’t listen,”

*“We will. Call us.”*

The chorus of whispers answered Xioden. Mustering himself with the last of his strength, he inhaled and spoke a word into the silent passageway, stilling the moving smog for a moment.

“Come.”

And with that, Xioden’s head lulled, as the darkness rushed in to answer him.

\-------------------------

Xioden awoke with a start before his arms moved to cover his eyes in a desperate attempt to escape the sun. In his scramble, he felt himself tilt over and fall, hitting the floor a moment later. His hands brushed the sandy ground and he frowned in confusion as he struggled back up to his feet. His vision was still blurred but the fresh air he was breathing in was unmistakable.

“Morning, my lord,” he heard a voice say to him with amusement and he looked around till his gaze settled on a man riding a horse.

As his vision sharpened, he found himself speechless as Kattus looked at him with a small smile on his face.

“You look like you’ve seen an apparition, my lord,” Kattus said, smiling wider.

The guard still looked the same to the prince, albeit shirtless. He saw that the wound was still wrapped up but Kattus showed no sign of difficulty nor any hint of pain as he sat on the horse.

“I might as well have,” Xioden whispered to himself before looking up at Kattus, “What happened?”

“Not too sure, my lord. I remember the pain from the bite. And hitting the floor. I don’t remember much after that apart from this odd dream of death coming to claim me...”

Xioden felt his hand itch ever so slightly. He glanced down on it, frowning as he saw a black cloth wrapped around it.

“...When I woke up, you were passed out next to me, with that wrapped around your arm, if that’s what you’re thinking about,” Kattus said, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.

Xioden tried to remember the events but found his memory to be hazy with details. He remembered talking to Thanatos briefly before the god disappeared. He remembered the black smog. And then, like a spark of lightning in his mind, he remembered his mother.

*But it had been a fever dream. It can only be a fever dream,* he thought.

“Sire?”

“Hm?” Xioden answered, looking up at Kattus.

“Something happened in those passages, didn’t it? Something you’re unsure about?” Kattus asked.

“Aye… I think my patron came to help,” Xioden said, choosing his words carefully. He inhaled deeply before sighing. He knew Kattus was still watching him but he tried to keep as calm as he could. He wasn’t quite sure what had happened either, but he felt he needed time to sift through it all.

*...but until then*, he thought quietly to himself.

“Let’s be off, Kattus. How far away from the city?” Xioden asked.

“About an hour’s trot, my lord. I was getting ready to wake you up before you fell off my horse,” Kattus said, grinning.

Xioden chuckled softly before asking, “Where’s mine?”

“Behind you. I was leading it on with a rope. Figured you paid a good amount to not lose it, prince, or not.”

“Thanks, Kattus.”

“I think the pleasure is mine, your highness. You saved my life,” Kattus said solemnly, with his hand across his chest in a salute. The prince nodded and looked away from him.

Xioden walked slowly to his horse and climbed it. He felt lighter than he had ever felt in his life and it was a feeling that confused him. While he felt like his visions were nothing more than hallucinations caused by the wisps of smoke in the passageway, he couldn’t help but feel like he was missing something within them. He patted down the horse gently, before leading it to ride next to his guard. Kattus smiled gently at him and he nodded back gratefully, before continuing their journey back to the city.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;——————————Day 110——————————

I think I've spent enough time crying. Honestly, I'm kinda ashamed about the amount of crying and shouting I've done. To bring you up to speed, I'm a long way from home.

I left when the crying got bad. Every day was just more difficult, and sleeping was still an issue. I had found a way to sleep in the house but it meant using a blanket to block the windows and the door. It eventually made the house musty. You know, I don't think I've even mentioned the fact that shower-heads or taps don't work.

Of course not.

That had made me cry too. After which, I made the dastardly trek to a river to wash myself. The very idea is making me smile at the moment, but it didn't feel that way. And yes, if you're questioning whether or not I had a bath all those days ago, I didn't. I believe my mind was on more pressing matters.

It's honestly enlightening how much a decent sleep and a decent wash can do to your mental health.

I know I title this entry as Day 110 but I don't know really. It just feels like something to keep track with really. The watch on my hand ticks on like it has always done.

Not sure why it works and everything else doesn't, but I've long dropped that line of questioning. There's no one with an answer sufficient enough to make me feel better about my situation.

I count the days when the hour hand has passed by the '12' position twice. I figure, that constitutes the 24 hours needed to be regarded as a day, right? Right.

Anyway…

I'm currently hiking towards the Miami. Not that I have anything grand in mind, but why not? I figure I can find a small fishing boat somewhere down south and make the journey towards the UK, you know.

See the sights. Explore Europe. Give myself some meaning in this current meaningless existence.

Before that, I guess I should write down the facts at work at the moment. For my sake and for a good record, I guess.

Everything and everyone is frozen.

I can move them around if I wish, and use them however I want but once I let go, they stay exactly how I've left them. I can pick up a golf ball and throw it, and it will freeze in the air as soon as it leaves my hands.

I can pee, though the pee sorta freezes too. That was fun to experience. Luckily, with the form being ‘frozen’, I could clean up with a couple of wipes, with disinfectant for my hands and my sanity.

Nothing liquid moves. Nothing airy moves. Even fire is static. Mad, right? The heat from the sun is consistent and I want to say it makes the air stuffy but I’m not sure how I can even qualify that. It’s just what it is at the moment.

Food is usually fresh but it doesn’t stop me from worrying about it. Objectively, last week’s fajita is this week’s fajita and it’s only the mind that stops me from taking it sometimes. Other times, hunger tends to lead the way, and I tend to follow.

New world problems and all.

I'll write more whenever I can. Well, as much as I can without getting frustrated with the journal.

——————————Day 113——————————

Miami still looks beautiful, even in its frozen state, to me at least. I, on the other hand, am not. I am drenched in sweat (that doesn't dry, mind you) and I think I can confidently say, I'd kill for some breeze. Or some fresh water. My water bottle is near empty so I'm having to take sips. Still, I'm not too worried. I can see a few shops in my view. I guess I'll leave a note for the staff. And some money. All the coins I have perhaps.

Or do I just take it and leave a note.

Or just take it.

I think morality will be the next hurdle I have to overcome. It does hurt to think of at the moment. I really just need something to cool off with first. Then see whether I'm ballsy enough to commit a crime.

——————————Day 114——————————

I'm not.

That would be destroying someone's livelihood.

So I left a note.

Not that it’s any better.

——————————Day 115——————————

I'm on south beach.

The sea is still.

I can guarantee you that this will be one of the most unnatural things you see. Or won't see. I don't know. I've come to the conclusion that whatever it is that is keeping me captive in this time-hell is a danger meant for everyone. But because I've been so lucky avoiding danger, I get the unlucky straw of living through this.

I have been theorising on what the danger could be.

"What great horror will plague humanity?"

Couldn't be nuclear war.

Could it?

There's no way I can stop a nuke. Especially if it’s already in the air. It would be pretty jarring if I see it just hanging in the air about to drop. That would be rad. At least, I know there's a way out.

It could be a plague but I worry to think on how to solve that too. I could study a myriad of science and biology books but unless I know what the plague is, it would be a waste of my effort. I’d have to find resources, chemicals, lab equipment and a working sample of the plague to analyse.

And that just sounds far above my pay-grade.

All in all. I’m empty on reasons at the moment.

——————————Day 120——————————

I've spent the last couple days getting supplies for the journey. And as a result, I have left a string of notes in my wake, putting my name down, as well as my phone number. I must admit, it would be extremely disconcerting to receive a phone call now.

I've noted the names of the outlets I've taking stuff from in the journal. I figure, when it is all over, I can do another journey to say thanks, assuming I outlive this nonsense. The list is at the back of the journal, for you know…

I mean, if you're reading this, then I'm probably dead. If I am, please let them know I'm grateful. Please.

\---

I've also found a boat. A speedboat.

It wasn't until I got on it that it occurred to me, I don't know how to ride one.

Funny, right?

An amateur like me, on the open seas.

Look at me. I'm the captain now.

Ha…

\---

I found a manual for the speedboat so I've decided to do a bit of reading on it. It's not like I'm in a rush. And I'm not particularly wasting time. I've prepared a small dinner for myself, cereal, bread and yoghurt, to have while reading. I’ve got some baked beans and a bottle of wine (that I had to break just to get the content out) on the side.

Talk about fine dining.

——————————Day 124——————————

I think I've learnt more about boats than I've cared before in my life. The manual had a lot of terms I didn't understand so I took a trip to the library yesterday to get some books to help.

I'm on my way Nerd-ville, or whatever it's called. Maybe nautical-ville.

Population? 1.

In any case, back to reading. I wouldn't want to waffle on to an imaginary reader while there's work to be done and things to be studied.

——————————

|||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden let out a breath as a glow of light flickered above him. He shifted his weight to his right leg, leaning away as he narrowly dodged the swipe from one of the creatures. As the creature’s hand shot past him, he moved spontaneously with his sword, cutting into the creatures midriff. His sword slashed past the creature’s body, the blade tearing through flesh so easily, it almost put him off balance. As the creature fell dead to the floor, Xioden leapt forward to join Kattus’ fight with the brute.

Without waiting for his guard’s signal, Xioden jumped on the wall and used it to propel himself above the creature. And with a movement of his sword, the creature’s head came off and it sagged to the floor. Xioden let out a grunt as he fell back to the floor, breathing heavily. He heard Kattus slide to the ground, his back to the wall of the passageway they were in.

There was another flicker of light above them revealing the carnage that now dotted their path. After they had killed the first creature in the room, they had continued on through the passages, taking care to listen before choosing their direction. The snarls and cries only seemed to increase the farther they went, echoing from everywhere. It wasn’t until Xioden had seen the first flicker of the strange light that the creatures had finally found them.

Unlike their first encounter where he and Kattus had to contend with just one, they had quickly been beset by a number of them. Xioden had counted five before they attacked. As the strange light flickered over them, he had immediately noticed that the creatures they were now facing was smaller than the brute they fought in the room, and though they moved faster, they had been easier to kill. Before long, he and Kattus had been surrounded by their bodies. Before they could move, however, more attacked them as well as an additional brute.

Xioden took time to regulate his breathing but his focus was sharpened. He kept listening, waiting to hear another snarl or cry or roar. He wasn’t sure what time it was but he knew Farooq would probably be losing his mind and searching the whole city for him, regardless of whether or not Kattus was with him.

*And he won’t be wrong to worry… I don’t think I can take anymore*, he thought as he slowly got back up to his feet.

“I don’t think I can take anymore…” Kattus said, his voice low and raspy.

Xioden turned to see the guard massage his throat before getting to his feet. They both had cuts and had been thrown around during the fight.

“I mean, I have fought in some of the skirmishes of the king, my lord, some of which lasted hours on end… but this, this is far tiring,” the guard said as he picked up his sword and sheathed it.

“It’s their strength. They are far stronger than I’ve ever encountered. Stronger than some of the men from my home,” Xioden replied in a low voice, “They smell rotten too.”

He could understand what the man was saying.His body ached and he knew he had bruises. He knew he had a welt somewhere at his side but chose to not confirm it. That spot ached the most.  He wished he was back in his home, reading scrolls and drinking wine. Those were his favourite actions. Growing up in Nafri had deprived him of some aspects of life he could now enjoy. And he wanted to enjoy them for as long as he could.

“Are we closer, my lord?” Kattus asked.

“Aye. I’m still not sure where we are being led but we’ve returned back to the light,” Xioden pointed to the flickering light above them before adding, “We just have to continue on.”

The guard nodded and Xioden flashed him a small smile. He was immensely grateful that the man had decided to follow him.

*Granted, it is on the order of my blasted father, but still…* he thought before shrugging.

He knew that things would have been far different without Kattus’ help. He sheathed his sword and stepped forward, walking ahead of Kattus. The light flickered above and he continued on in the partial darkness.

“I don’t suppose we have a torch anymore?” Xioden asked after a few seconds.

“We do… it’s just somewhere inside one of the dead. And I’m not too certain I want to touch that which has been tainted by them.”

“Aye.”

They walked a few more minutes in the silence till Xioden saw the light brighten towards the end of the passageway. He smiled out of relief before increasing his pace. The guard kept up with him and soon enough, they were at a junction. The lights ahead burned bright in a way that now calmed him. He had been fearful of the mage light of the old world but now, it made him feel safe in a strange way.

“Where to, my lord?” Kattus said after a few seconds.

Xioden considered the question even as he weighed the options in front of him. The way straight ahead went on for a few more minutes before turning right. The right turning would take them further on past any additional turning he could see. To his left, the path had a door immediately after the turning after which it seemed to go on to a dead end.

“Let’s take the left first. Check what’s behind the door,” Xioden said before unsheathing his sword.

He heard Kattus curse quietly behind him before the sound of another sword coming out of its scabbard filled the silence. Carefully, he walked up to the door on his left. Wrapping a hand around the handle, he looked at Kattus who steeled his face and nodded. Xioden took in a deep breath before opening the door. The moment the door swung open, Kattus jumped in with his sword at the ready to attack but Xioden quickly saw the room was empty. He let out the breath he was holding and relaxed before following the guard in and closing the door.

The room appeared the same as the others they had seen, with the absence of the mage light. He did notice, however, that the light above them seemed to glow much dimmer than the light in the passage. He cast his eyes around the wall it settled on a white coloured knob. He walked towards it and touched it, feeling the smoothness in underneath his fingers. Unlike the small lever system he had seen in the main room of their arrival, he noted that the knob seemed to rotate instead. He rotated it a bit and noticed the light overhead began to get brighter.

“The old world is practically magic, Kattus. They have a knob contraption that can control the strange mage light above,” he said looking back to find his guard staring at the ceiling. From his face, Xioden could tell the man was just as terrified as he was awed.

He chuckled to himself before looking around the room properly. The room’s wall had a seemingly white colour painted on it, but Xioden could see hints of brown tint in it. There was a single table, close to the door and atop it was the flat square object he had seen in the other rooms. Underneath that was a slab of glass that he found to be unique. He brushed his fingers over it to feel slight square ridges on it.

Xioden looked away from the table and to the back of the room. There was a small bed pushed to the opposite wall, which Kattus was now sitting on it with his sword sheathed and resting next to him on the bed. Next to the bed was a wooden closet which was empty. There was, by the bed, a smaller table with a vase placed on it. He smiled when he saw that the guard seemed content for the time being, staring around instead. Something caught his attention under the bed and he frowned pointing at it.

“There’s something underneath the bed, Kattus,” Xioden said as he frowned.

He watched as Kattus jumped off the bed with his sword in hand and laughed gently.

“I don’t think it’s anything dangerous,” he added. The guard frowned at him briefly before crouching to look underneath the bed.

“Seems to be a chest of some sort,” Kattus said before reaching underneath the bed. Xioden watched as his guard pulled out a rectangular-shaped chest.

*Assuming, of course, that they still made use of chest in the old world,* he thought before crouching to inspect it.

The chest in front of them was unlike anything he had ever seen. It was silver in colour, with a black lining around its middle. It didn’t seem to have a metal lock on it but instead, at the center of the chest, was a mechanism that had numbers on it. The numbers were in three columns and seemed to be independent of each other. He found that he could scroll through the numbers on all three columns and every time he stopped, there would be a strange click in the chest.

He got back to his feet, stymied by the chest in front of him.

“Permission to smash it, my lord?” Kattus asked from beside him.

“You didn’t ask the last time you did it. But certainly, permission gr-” Xioden felt his left arm begin to itch and he gritted his teeth.

“Stop!” he said just as the guard had lifted it above his head and was about to throw it onto the ground.

“Is everything alright, my lord? You look…” Kattus said before Xioden cut him off.

“I’m alright. It’s just… I think the chest might be important and we shouldn’t ruin it so early. We will carry it if we have to,” he said.

Xioden returned his gaze back to the table and walked back to it. He felt along the edges of the square object till his fingers passed over a small section that depressed under his touch. He frowned and pushed on the section a bit harder. There was a click which was immediately followed by another stranger sound and suddenly, a bright light shone from the glass side of the screen.

He shielded his eyes as Kattus exclaimed. He felt the man pull him away from the table and he followed. He waited a few moments for his vision to clear up before looking back at the object.

“Are you seeing the same thing I’m seeing, my lord?” Kattus whispered.

“Aye, Kattus. I can see it clearly. I’m working on believing it,” Xioden replied.

The light shining through the strange glass of the object began to change, dimming for a few minutes before brightening again. It flickered briefly before shaping itself to depict a still image of a man sitting on the grass with a lady resting on his arm, as well as a little kid in the middle. Xioden’s eyes widened as Kattus gasped.

“How? How did the light paint such an intricate picture?” Kattus breathed in an almost reverent way.

Xioden caught something else at the corner of his eye and his gaze shifted to a small light shining from the object, just above the glass. The light seemed to move from top to bottom, as if it was observing him and Kattus. The light flashed off and the light from the glass changed.

The picture was gone and in its place, was a man looking at them and Xioden noticed it was the man in the image from before the light flicker. The man was dressed in a white gown he hadn’t seen before, with a strange undergarment. The man had white wispy-like hair and tired eyes. Xioden focused on the eyes. It looked like the eyes of someone who had seen death.

Xioden watched as the man looked at them and then away from them, sighing softly.

He took hold of his sword, braced to fight the apparition through the glass before the man spoke.

*“If you’re watching this, then it’s over. We’re dead. And the whole military complex is compromised,”* the man said.

Kattus fell to the ground as Xioden looked around wildly. The voice of the man came from all angles, and he couldn’t understand what was happening. He wiped the sweat off his brow and tightened his grip on his sword.

*“As per usual, we went too far in our experimentations and it has come to bite us. With the world tossing and toiling around us, we sought to give ourselves the means to contend with gods. Or at least. To stay alive. But we pushed the envelope.”*

The man sighed and got to his feet, behind the glass, and paced around in what looked like a room. Xioden compared what he was seeing on the screen to what was in the room which astounded him even more.

“It is a recording, Kattus,” he whispered to the guard who had remained on the floor.

“What is a recording?” Kattus asked, his eyes fixed on the stranger behind the glass.

“I’ll explain later. I promise. Let’s listen for now,” he replied and joined Kattus on the floor.

*“There are literal gods fighting above us, right now. The majority of humanity is either fighting with them or trying to wait it out. As one of the two head scientists in this complex, I can’t do either. I can only find a solution. A glimpse of hope that maybe… just maybe, my people would survive. My species….”*

The man sat back in the chair and looked through the glass again. Xioden could see tears in the man’s eyes and the stress lines that had formed on his forehead and at the corner of his eyes.

*“I guess this is nothing but a stark reminder of how powerful they are. I left my family in New London, thinking that they would at least be safe. And now I hear a certain sea god has claimed everyone down there. And I can’t even check. Communications blackout to avoid bringing them down here. To avoid letting them know we’re trying to find ways to fight them back. Jameson and his team are knee deep in experimental weapons. My team and I are working on physical augmentation for defence purposes.*

*“We had a competition, you see… To find out who will get the first breakthrough. Jameson had managed to acquire the flesh of a god. He was going to see if he could tear a hole through it. We, on the other hand, had measured a blast of lightning from the other god, the egotistical one. If any of our subjects can survive an electrical surge on the scale of what he produced, then we could at least be getting somewhere.*

*“But. The current at that level of purity will kill a man, no matter how many strengthening potions we feed him. No matter how many current dampers with inject into his bloodstream, no matter how we drip-fed the first couple amps of the current to get the body used to it.”*

Xioden watched as the man seemed to go quiet for a few moments. It looked like he was reflecting on events passed. The man’s shoulders drooped and Xioden knew that to be the weight of responsibility.

*“The moment it passed into the divine threshold, the subject was dead. Or so we thought. Jameson and the other soldiers have managed to cordon the abominations to a section of the complex, killing the few that manage to get through. Most of my crew is dead, on account of being ripped apart by our first subject. In disgust, Jameson handed me the schematics to 3D-print a gun for my safety. He says it’s the only thing he can trust me with, He said it with hate and distrust in his voice.*

*“I’ve locked the schematics away in the case underneath my bed. I can’t bring myself to use it. I neither have a printer, nor do I want to give myself the easy way out. I’m just recording this so that whoever is alive at the end can know we lost. Humanity is done for. And there’s no recovery.”*

The light shut off and the two men sat in the silence. Xioden wasn’t sure what to say or do. Most of what the man had said were not concepts he understood but he got the general sentiment the man had been explaining.

“If I’m getting this right, this man was doing some work on other humans and the work went wrong?” Kattus asked.

“It would seem as much. I wager it is the creatures we’ve been fighting outside,” Xioden answered, getting to his feet and adding, “I think you should break the case now, as the man calls it. I think what I’m looking for is inside.”

Kattus looked at him, furrowing his brows but the prince nodded. Xioden thought about the old world and the contraptions they used. He was most fascinated about how the strange man had left a message on the box for them to find. It was unlike anything he had heard magicians doing. They had seen the man’s face clearly, the man’s tears and the man’s pain. So much so, Xioden had felt to touch the glass a few times to convince himself that it wasn’t a dream.

He watched as Kattus got to his feet, carrying the case. The guard raised it over his head and brought it down with a loud crash and the case broke open. Xioden used his sword to sift through the wreckage of the case, till he saw what looked like parchments underneath the case’s material. He crouched and began using his hands instead.

Most of the parchments felt too thin in his hands, like if he squeezed too much, the material would wither away in his grip. He could see smudges of ink on the parchments, most of which had faded away slightly and while he could make out some words, he never understood what had been inscribed upon it.

He kept at it, going through parchment after parchment, with Kattus joining him to alleviate the work. It took them minutes before his eyes finally settled on what Thanatos had led him to find. He knew it as soon as he saw it. The dreams felt fresher in his mind now, as he watched others fall to the ground once the weapon spat metal at a speed that even the most adept would find it extremely difficult to dodge.

He exhaled, carefully pulling the detailed schematics of the weapon to himself. He folded it gently before placing it in one of the inner pockets of his cloak.

“I have never seen half the things I have seen today, but what you've hidden away, my lord, is easily the most intriguing,” Kattus said, as he rubbed his chin.

“It is the most dangerous too,” Xioden replied.

“I take it, you intend to use that at the tournament?” Kattus asked as he got back to his feet.

“I do,”

“Do you even know how it works?”

“Not yet, but I have seen how it works. I’ll work from there.”

The guard  nodded and walked towards the door as Xioden got to his feet. He felt excited at what he had heard and what he had found, and he couldn’t help but make a silent promise to return. He knew there was a lot he could learn from going through the ruins and he intended to do as much. He smiled to himself and turned to Kattus.

“Time to get out of this hole and back to civilization,” he said, a sigh of relief escaping him.

“Why the rush, my lord? Tired of the creatures?” Kattus replied, glancing at the prince as he opened the door.

Xioden’s smile immediately turned to horror as a hand shot in and grabbed the guard by the shoulder, pulling him out. As Xioden rushed forward, before he could do anything, he watched as the creature who had grabbed his guard, sink its teeth into Kattus’ shoulder and bite a chunk out of it.

The guard’s blood splattered across the wall and onto Xioden, and the prince screamed in rage as Kattus fell to the ground.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;Hello All,

I know it might be late for some and just about evening for others, but it is my pleasure to announce that the small novel / novella I've been working on has now crossed the line. It has finally been published!!!

I am incredibly excited about this and I hope the final work resolves the story threads I tugged on when the story was being posted on here weekly for all your viewings.

You can access the book using the links below, depending on where you're based.

||||||||||||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|


For Paperback:

||||||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|


Now, as you may know (if you read the weekly updates), the book was to be published for free, but unfortunately, Amazon don't do free. So, I chose the minimal price I could for publishing and did it under that. As a result, you can get the book for a mere £0.99p off the store.

Thanks for all the supports and comments and interactions in the writing of this series. I hope to publish more and do more, so please hang around if you do find a new story that interests you.

Thanks once again for everything.

You guys are the best!

PS: For anyone new to the sub, who is unsure about what the story is, you can read the newly edited versions of the story here;

|||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Awareness returned to Xioden slowly. His body ached and his bones groaned from the pain. Memories flashed in his mind. Memories of the skull. The same skull he had seen when he had begged the gods for their blessing. He remembered the skull’s voice. The deep, resonating sound that shook his very being.

*Death...*

He remembered a flash in the sky in the form of a bolt of lightning crackling through the darkened clouds. A hand pulling back as it held on to the bolt, ready to strike. A man in a red and gold embroidered coat with a long sword standing over him. The man had been sneering at him. Ready to kill. The same man suddenly with an odd blue-tipped spear protruding from his chest.

*The flash of lightning.*

The sky was just as dark as it was in his memory except now, there was a smattering of rain added to it. Xioden found himself lying on his back to the ground facing the rainy sky. Turning his head, he could see that he was in the middle of a large blackened crater with cracks in the earth. He could also see the scarred remains of what he guessed were other bodies.

“What..?”

Atop the crater, at edges were broken trees along with some blackened stumps. Wispy dark smoke hung above the trees but he couldn’t say why. The reason seemed to tug at his memory like as if it was something he should know. Something related to him. Still, with no recollection, his eyes refocused on the clouds.

His muscles ached as he moved a hand to cover his face from the rain. It was his left hand with black tattoos marking him from wrist to shoulder. The tattoos felt familiar and yet strange.

As he observed the arm with a confused face, a voice forced him out of his memory and back to the present. A voice that shook the air like thunder roaring from the heavens.

“You should be dead. It would seem god of death has sent you back to mock me. I will rectify that,” the voice said.

Xioden eyes fixed on a large slightly transparent hand coming from the sky. Lightning crackled as a bolt formed in the hand’s grip. The scene before him made him shake as he reconciled his previous memory with the action.

*Zeus. Kyteka burn me and my ancestors. He killed me. Zeus killed me. But I’m here… I am alive..?*

“Run, you bastard!”

His eyes darted to a man just by the edge of the forest. The man had a pained look on his face and Xioden could see why. The man’s whole right hand had been seared along with part of his body. He could see a light blue glow surrounding the man

*Teyvon… you’re still…*

“Run, Xioden!”

Xioden struggled to get on his feet. With each effort, his body cried out in pain and he just felt tired of the whole ordeal. Managing to get to his knees, he paused and tried to catch his breath. He was tired. Of the fighting, the killing and most importantly, worrying about whether or not he would succeed.

All the care he ever had, the care that had forced his hand in putting his name down for the throne and the tournament had been because of his mother. Roedran has used her. Slept with her and discarded her like she was of no use to him. If he had been any other man, he felt he might have let it go but it had been him. A king.

Anger rose in him, hot and molten. Whilst he was angry at the king, most of the anger was directed at himself. He was angry that he had gone against his mother’s wishes to fight in the tournament. He was angry that he hadn’t taken Jonshu’s advice to sit out of it. He was angry because he was weak. He was angry because…

*...because even with the power I’ve been given, I have been reluctant to use it. I am a fool. Honourable or not, death… Death comes for all.*

His eyes drifted to the tattoo on his left arm. The power he had been hesitant in using. He knew he had died at the first thunderbolt the god had struck against him. He wasn’t sure why he was alive but he wasn’t planning to die again. Not without trying, at least.

He glanced up. Somehow, just above the trees was the hint of darkness that had appeared after he had killed Rehin with the arm. He needed that darkness now. Remembering what Thanatos had told him in the underground passage, he closed his eyes and tried to feel for the darkness.

Xioden wasn’t certain on what he was supposed to feel, now that he was actively trying to use his arm, but he tried to search within himself for something different. Something alien to his senses. The sky crackled with lightning and the space around him began to brighten once more.

And then, he felt it.

Something just as the edge of his mind. He pictured himself reaching out for it and the thing seemed to reach out for him in turn. As he touched it in his mind, he felt something cover him and he opened his eyes to see an oily black substance begin to solidify above him like a dome. He didn’t need to see the lightning when it struck as the earth heaved and shook with the hit.

Opening his eyes in the darkness of the dome that now covered him, he wondered about what to do next. When the thing had covered him, he had been thinking of a means to shield himself. His thoughts hadn’t been specific but the dome covering him told him that it understood what he was trying to do.

Now that he was safe, he wasn’t sure what to do next. He stretched a hand forward and concentrated his thoughts on the dome. He wanted it to fall apart. He needed it to see his surroundings if only to see the new damage the new strike had wrought. He closed his eyes again and focused on his power. As he tried to decide what he wanted the thing to do, he felt the dome shift.

He gasped in quiet surprise before slowly getting to his feet. Xioden could see through the dome, though the view appeared dim. It was as if the dome had made itself clear for him, like a glass shield of sorts. He reached out and ran a finger along the now translucent dome before pulling it away in slight disgust.

It’s like playing with the oil barrels back home. It feels wrong but it saved my life. It saved my life against a god’s attack… Blasted fool, he thought to himself as he shifted his gaze back to the lightning blue hand in the clouds, You angered a god and now he’s trying to kill you.

Xioden laughed. He wasn’t sure what had spurned it but he laughed. Zeus was the second god to find fault in him because of Death. Because of Death. He was so done with it all that he failed to notice the dome shattering into minuscule pieces that just hung in place.

“You insolent…”

Zeus’s voice shook the heavens and shook him out of the humourless laugh. Thunder resonated through the skies and the air seemed to vibrate.

*“Are you going to die, son of nafri?”*

The voice was so soft that he almost missed it.

*“Thanatos?”* he thought back as he fixed his gaze on the thunderbolt forming in the sky god’s hand again.

*“...As you wish it to be…”* There was a hesitation in the reply like the god didn’t quite want to name himself so close to the other.

*“Tell me, Xioden… do you not want the throne?”*

*“I do.”*

*“Then, stop holding back. Let it loose. The frustration. The pain. The anger. At yourself. At the mad king. At the battle. If they are so eager to die, give it to them. Give them death. Give them me…”*

As the words came into his mind, the voice grew into a chorus of voices all speaking as one. The sound of the voices grew and grew till it sounded like they were screaming at him. The cacophony of sounds became unbearable and he shouted in frustration for them to stop.

The voices stopped.

The thunderbolt was fully formed, even as the god poised to strike for the third time. Xioden sighed and looked around the forest or the lack thereof. Trees hung broken and burnt. The earth was scorched. The walls of the arena were blackened at the edges and he could hear the screams of the audience that were watching. There was pandemonium going on just on the other side of the wall and he could hear it all.

There had already been so much damage done already. And he wasn’t certain why. Deep within him, he knew the voices had been right.

He truly was done with everything. So he stopped holding back.

\---

Teyvon struggled to move through the remaining trees as fast as he could but the damage he had sustained was slowing him down greatly. The first flash had caught him completely vulnerable and he was lucky to escape with his life. And while the right side of his body had been caught in the ensuing blast, he was glad he still held on to his life.

Still, he ran. He wasn’t sure where he was running too but he did his best to run away from Xioden. He wasn’t sure what the man had done to anger a god, especially a god like Zeus. All he was certain of was that he needed to be as far away from the prince as he could possibly be.

The stadium itself had erupted into cries and shouts of panic. He couldn’t quite see what was happening on the other side of the wall, but it sounded like mayhem to him. He guessed everyone was either cowering at the sight of the god’s hand or trying to exit the stadium in droves. Either way, he hoped he could get far away from…

A bright light flashed, accompanied by thunder booming. The ground heaved and Teyvon fell to the ground face first. Pain surged through him as he tasted the muddy ground. His body hurt and his wounds stung afresh. He tried dragging himself back to his feet but his body didn’t move.

Instead, he just laid there in the rain.

\---

Felipe kept his eyes on Cynre. They had been locked in a staring contest since the first thunderbolt flashed above and rocked the ground they were standing on. In-between them, was a sword sticking out of the body of a dead prince, the blade seeming to shine with every lightning flash in the clouds above.

He wasn’t sure what was happening ahead of them, but somehow, the whole battle felt different. Lightning flashed, the ground had shaken and a loud voice had resonated across the whole arena. Felipe hadn’t been sure who the voice was talking to when his eyes fell on the sword and he saw Cynre looking at it too.

Ignoring their surroundings, the silence stretched between the two men, with both unwilling to break it. There was a pleading in Cynre’s eyes. An unsaid question. Felipe answered with his expression. He wasn’t as keen as the other princes to kill but he was in the arena for the same reasons as his stepbrothers. He wanted the throne too.

Cynre took a step forward and he did the same. Lightning flashed ahead and the ground rocked again, more violently this time around. Felipe held on to a nearby tree and silently prayed to his patron to keep him safe.

The sword dislodged itself from the body and skittered to the ground closer to Cynre, though the other prince had fallen to the ground when the earth heaved. It was all the chance he would have, Felipe was certain. So as soon as the shaking stopped, he tried to move towards the weapon when he heard a whisper.

*“Run, my charge. Run and don’t look back. There is death in the air. Run, my prince...”*

He froze in his tracks and looked around wildly. Confused at the strange whisper, he returned his gaze back to the sword. He gritted his teeth as he saw Cynre’s hand around the sword’s handle, though the prince looked shaky and struggled to get up.

Felipe took another step.

*“Run!”*

He hesitated and glanced around once again. Cynre still lay on the ground, breathing heavily as he tried to get to his feet. He took another step and then he heard it. A strange sound in the forest. A sound he wasn’t familiar with but it seemed to tug on his memory. He turned to look further into the forest, towards where he was heading before the first lightning flash.

He saw nothing.

“What..?” he heard a voice say. He glanced back at Cynre who had managed to get to his knees. The man was looking into the forest too.

Felipe returned his gaze to the forest and tried to discern what the other man was seeing. Still nothing. All he saw was a darkness that seemed to be formed by the towering trees above. The light in the sky was casting heavy shadows that just seemed to…

*...move. Wait… Is the darkness moving?*

The thought shook him to the core but rooted his feet to the ground. Confused at what he was seeing, he tried to move closer for a better look.

“Don’t. Don’t go. Something is wrong in there. We should… We should move away from it,” Cynre said in a strained voice.

As if spurred on by the words of the other prince, Felipe watched as the shadows appeared to freeze momentarily in place and then lash out towards their direction. He turned to run almost immediately, tripping over himself and falling to the ground.

His head hit the dirt with a thud and dizziness took him. His view blurred but he struggled to get back to his feet. There was something in the shadows that he had made out that didn’t make sense to him. Something that he hadn’t expected to see. Someone who should have been dead.

His vision cleared as he got to his feet. He took a few jogging steps before breaking into a run.

But it was too late. The darkness had loomed over both men like a tidal wave waiting to crash on them. And before the men could escape, it fell on them with finality. And they were no more.

\---

It had been centuries since the god of the sky and thunder had felt an insult to his very being, to his very power. The last time it had occurred, it had begun a conflict that quickly escalated into a war that tore the earth and reshaped the nations underneath the pantheon of the gods, so much so, that he dreaded the coming recompense at the hands of the author of creation itself.

Still, he was a god. He was mighty in his conquests and victorious in his battles. His very power scorched the earth and his abilities made people cower in fear and in awe. He was a god and yet, some Nafri-born prince had the gall to disrespect him so much. He found as much fault in the man as he did the god of death, Thanatos.

His supposed brother.

It wasn’t the first time his brother had used a human to disrespect him in this manner. And it wasn’t the first time he had shown his brother just how capable he could be in making him pay for such a slight. The prince was just part of a long line of souls he had damned forever in the deepest part of the underworld, or wherever the new realm of the dead was.

Zeus had tried to contain his power to the arena itself but with every strike, the whole land shook greatly. Not that he cared. As far as he was concerned, reminding the humans every now and then was an apt way to secure their reverence.

Still, he knew he was breaking the law he put in place. The law stopping the gods from using their power so publicly to gain worshippers. He had put the law in place after the divine war, as a means to salvage the rest of what was left of the pantheon. To make it fair. And that had been a promise he had been willing to keep, against his pride, until the prince had brought out the weapon.

He had made sure to destroy the gun in his first strike. The weapon was banned knowledge, so deeply forbidden, he and some of the other gods had buried and destroyed the remaining weapon sites around the world. That too had played its own part in the war.

And here the man was, waving the gun around, unaware of the damage it would cause.

The man had to die for the knowledge itself.

His lightning bolt formed in his ethereal hand he had constructed for the third time. He allowed more of his power to flow through him and into the hand, even as he tapped the armrest of his throne impatiently. The man was going to die.

The ethereal hand drew back, ready to strike when a gust of dark shadow burst out of the prince’s left arm, swirling around him with a force. He sneered with contempt and let the lightning loose.

The storm of darkness around the prince shot up like a massive tendril, swallowing the lightning like it was nothing more than enrichment for its work. As the lightning disappeared into the darkness, it seemed to swell as if content with the power boost it had just received.

He extended the ethereal hand towards it to crush it but as soon the hand made contact with the darkness, the hand shattered and his view of the stadium winked out. Zeus recoiled in sudden pain and shock as his mind flashed through images he couldn’t quite make out.

When he came too, he was on the floor of his throne room with his throne broken underneath him. Raising a hand to his forehead, he could feel the sweat on his skin. He bellowed out loudly and the echo of his shout shook his room. There was a wrongness from the little he had felt when he touched the darkness. And the images in his mind put his very being on edge.

Something was wrong. And he had to figure out what.

Opening up a different view to show a brightly lit small room. The room was in the shape of a cubicle, with a single desk covered with numerous scrolls and books. There was a single chair in the room, occupied by a fairly tall man with deep brown hair and eyes. The man turned to look at the two-way portal that the god had created and he frowned in confusion.

“What happened? Why are you on the floor?” the man asked, concern lacing his words.

“Assemble the pantheon. There’s a grave issue at hand,” Zeus said blithely.

“Ours?” The man asked.

“No, Hermes. Everyone. Bring everyone to the Hall of Remembrance. Something evil is afoot.”

“Alright. I’ll get the message across. Should I find a healer?”

“I’ll be fine. Just get to it. It’s urgent.”

\---

Teyvon slipped in and out of unconsciousness. Rain still fell but he couldn’t see the sky anymore. Or the hand of Zeus from the sky. In fact, he saw nothing other than darkness like night had fallen. Except, the night seemed to move like a river stream.

There was something about the night, something otherworldly. Something he could feel, rather than see. His mana reserves were empty and he couldn’t move from where he lay. A part of him told him to move but he couldn’t muster the strength to perform the action. So, he remained where he was, watching the night flow past him.

And then he heard a voice.

“You’re still alive. For the meantime, anyway…”

He couldn’t tell where the voice was coming from but it felt familiar to him. He tried to respond back but only managed a groan when his mouth opened.

“Don’t try to talk. It’s ignoring you because it thinks you’re about to die, I think. If you talk, it will claim you…”

Teyvon slipped out of consciousness for a brief moment. When he came too, back to the flowing night, the voice of the stranger still filled his ears.

“...safe. Everything was a mistake. Everything is a mistake. But I am bound…”

He slipped under once more. The voice echoed in his mind as he sank further into unconsciousness. He wished he knew who it was that had been speaking to him but even that eventually faded as he drifted away.

\---

“Stop!”

Xioden screamed at the top of his lungs. The black mist that covered the forest had been his doing, though by no means of his own. He had simply stopped trying to control the left arm. He hadn’t done anything different from when he had used it against Rehin. Still, the mist had oozed out of him in a torrent, swallowing the god’s last attack before dispersing through the trees.

As the mist traveled, he had felt every death within the forest as he struggled to pull back the darkness. The power fought him at every turn but he kept trying, holding his hand as he did. There was a pain in it, a pain in the struggle to wrestle the power back under his control.

He felt the mist lay its hold across the arena, with its tendrils beginning to travel up the wall towards the audience. Their cries of panic and fear, already permeating the atmosphere since Zeus’ attack added to the chaos of the day.

“Damn you, stop! Stop!” he cried out desperately.

The spread continued and the darkness climbed the walls. Thinking on what he should do to stop the impending problem, he thought back to Rehin and back to the tunnels. Thanatos had guided him on how to use the arm. He thought back to the dome he had created moments before the mist began to seep out of his arm.

*I have to feel it. He says I have to feel it. Focus, Xio. Feel for it.*

He closed his eyes and tried to extend his senses. It was difficult going at first but soon enough, he could feel the dark mist around the arena. He could feel the walls the mist pushed on, feel the tendrils as they snakily made their way up the walls in a slow fashion. Imagining he was peeling them off the wall, he tried to guide the mist back to his arm.

The work was slow going but he kept at it, pushing back at the tendrils every time they tried to move forward. He pushed the mist gently in his mind, willing and wishing it would return. And it did, though hesitant to obey. Eventually, he couldn’t feel the mist in the arena anymore.

Instead, his arm itched and pulsed gently. When he opened his eyes, he saw that the arena had emptied itself of the darkness and the rainy skies had parted back to let the sun shine through it. The trees were devoid of life, having succumbed to the death mist. He grimaced and stumbled his way out of the blackened hole and onto hard ground.

Looking up at the top of the wall, he noticed all the crystals at the top of the wall had gone out. And then one winked back into existence.

He had won.

But he didn’t feel like he earned it.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The volume of the music playing in the hall steadily increased as Xioden got closer, following the steps of the princess in front of him. He found himself unsteady on his feet, taking great care to ensure he didn’t slip or stumble behind the woman who had captured the entirety of his being. The very realization made him shiver in a strange fear he hadn’t experienced before. It also made his blood boil in excitement.

The lady herself hadn’t turned round to look at him, nor had she tried to sneak glances. Instead, she continued walking on, just a few steps in front of him, slow but purposeful. There was a regal quality in the way she moved, a confidence unlike that of the Nafri women he had grown up around. Nafri women were as hard and as intense as the sun, their humor dry and usually equipped with a sharp wit. They could glare at mountains long enough to whittle them down to pebbles, if they wished. And yet, he felt like the woman in front of him would intimidate them all.

She slowed as they entered the hall, moving gently to the right of the room and Xioden followed wordlessly. He was her captive, that much he had accepted and it wasn’t a thought that worried him anymore. Instead, he kept close to her as they moved through the throng of princes and princesses, some of who glanced at him. He saw them out of the corner of his eye but paid no attention to them.

“You must be especially smitten to not notice the hall you’re in,” she said, raising her voice so it carried over the music. And even then, he couldn’t help but be amazed at how soft her voice still sounded.

“Not unless the hall is as you are, of which I strongly doubt, I see no reason to turn my gaze away,” Xioden said smoothly, moving close to her.

She turned placed a hand on his chest stopping him in his step. He saw a small smile pulling on her lips and he grinned. She looked at him and then cast a sweeping gaze around the hall before speaking.

“You’re in a party, my prince. Look around, take in the sights. I’ll still be here when you’re done.”

Xioden nodded, intent on glancing away momentarily before returning to her. His glance was brief, like the blinking of an eye but when he returned his attention to her, she was gone, as if she had never been there to begin with. A slight panic built in him as he cast a searching gaze around the hall but he couldn’t see her.

“Xio!” a voice called him from behind and he spun round.

Jonshu sauntered towards him, two gold-rimmed goblets in hand before stopping short. Xioden looked at his friend quizzically before releasing the breath he didn’t know he was holding. Jonshu handed him one of the goblets and he took it without question.

“Is something the matter, Xio? You seem particularly excited to see me,” Jonshu said blithely.

“I met a woman. A princess, I believe, back in the foyer of the house after you had left me.”

“And, if I’m to guess by your demeanor, she was so beautiful that you fell in love almost immediately?” his friend said, hiding a smiling as he drank from his cup.

“I don’t know if I’d call it love. But I wish to see her once more,” he said, surprised at how sincere he was. He wasn’t quite sure how he felt about her but he knew without a doubt that she would plague his waking moments until he found her again.

“She’ll probably be around somewhere. It’s a big hall, and the princesses are seldom tall. In any case, your competitions are mostly here… Might want to say hello to them before you gut them in about a weeks’ time,” Jonshu said.

Xioden looked up at his friend before sighing and shaking his head. He looked around the hall again, taking in the decorations and the sights he had missed at his first brief glance. The band that was playing were situated to the corner of the hall on an elevated platform, a 10-man ensemble of wooden, brass and steel instruments, some of which he had never seen before.

On the floor surrounding the platform, was a set of lamps that burned a green flame. It illuminated the platform they were on, giving them an eerie glow. The hall itself matched the inspiring awe as the foyer, if not more. Fire lamps hung from the corners of the room, with a chandelier in the middle of the ceiling which made the light shimmer like as if shone through diamonds. There was a table to the edge of the room, atop which there were numerous jugs, with accompanying barrels underneath the table. There were also trays of cheese, bread and grapes to be had for anyone who wanted something to eat.

Xioden shifted his gaze to the people. Familiar and unfamiliar faces littered the hall, all huddled in random indiscriminate groups. He knew some of the faces as well as he was sure they knew his. The same princes that had looked down on him, on account of him being Nafri-born. As he looked around, he locked gazes with some of them, maintaining a quiet glaring contest before looking away. They too had dressed in their finest colours, and were talking to the daughters of nobles as the band played away into the night.

The scene fascinated him, not because he hadn’t been to a party before, but because it reminded him of how similar the parties in Nafri were to what he was seeing. Their bands would have a raised platform, with lights. They’d have a section for food and drinks and then the rest of the floor would be for dancing.

*Now that is probably the only real difference between both*, he thought as he looked around.

Back in the village tribes and even in some of the cities he had been fortunate enough to visit with his mother, as soon as music came on, there was dancing to be had. Nafri women loved dancing, seeing it as a desirable trait in a mate. As a result, all the men learnt to dance from and early age, including him.

He drank from the goblet his friend gave him and looked around, shaking his head in apparent disappointment. There was no dancing except for the subtle sway that the princesses did every couple seconds. Whilst he wasn’t particularly fond or interested in the music the band played, he thought there would be some dancing.

“Is this how you all party?” Xioden said, still keeping his attention on the crowd.

“It is how Elemira does it, my dear friend. Positively boring. Come, let’s go pretend to be friends.”

Jonshu moved through the hall and Xioden followed quietly, still keeping his eye out for the princess though he still couldn’t find her. They wove through the huddled groups, and he noticed that more of them where looking at him and whispering. Sometimes he’d lean slightly to see if he pick up anything but the music would drown the voices out. After a while, he stopped trying, content in letting them whisper whatever they wanted to about him.

His friend stopped abruptly and Xioden paused in time to avoid walking into Jonshu’s back with his drink. Peering from behind his friend, he saw why he had stopped. There was a couple in front of them, a short stocky man with a plump woman on his arm.

The man was dressed in the colours of House Janaya, wearing a long indigo overcoat that almost touched the floor. The coat was buttoned up all the way up to the man’s neck, with a small gold chain attached from the collar to fake button on the left of the jacket. The lady was dressed in the same colours, although it appeared a lighter shade than that of the man. She wore a long gown, that seemed tighter around her bosom and her waist and Xioden couldn’t help but worry as to whether or not she was breathing properly. She complimented her look with a dark blue lipstick.

“...and my friend, Prince Xioden,” Jonshu said.

Xioden came to with a start, his attention forcibly dragged away from his thoughts. He saw his friend looking at him, his eyes shifting between him and the couple in front. It took a while before he understood the meaning,

“Ah,” Xioden began, bowing his head deeply,” Greetings Lord…”

“Vyas,” Jonshu whispered, not looking at him.

“...Vyas Janaya. And Lady…”

“Supriya.”

“...Supriya Janaya. It is an honour to stand before one of the seven houses,” Xioden finished his elaborate greeting, raising his head up to look at the couple.

Lady Supriya released herself from her husband’s arm and reached out to hug him. He froze in step as the woman shook him a bit before moving back to look at him. There was a wide smile on her face as she regarded him and he smiled awkwardly back in response, unsure of what had just happened.

“When I heard, that the king had a Nafri prince, I knew I just had to meet him sometime. You’re a handsome one,” Lady Supriya said, winking at him before turning to her husband, “Isn’t he, my love?”

The short man stepped forward, thrusting his hand out for a shake and Xioden took it, unsure of what else he could do. The man’s grip was strong and Xioden could feel some calluses on the man’s hand.

*The hand of a man who has fought or at the very least, handled a weapon for an extended period of time.*

“Nice to meet you, lad. I hear you’re in the tournament,” Lord Vyas said in a shrill-sounding voice.

“Aye..” Xioden replied, once again unsure of how to respond.

“I wish you the best of luck. Not to say we’re rooting for you, but my house is willing to offer any assistance as you, or any of the other princes, might require to prepare.”

“I appreciate the offer, Lord Vyas. You honor me too much,” Xioden said, bowing his head respectfully .

The man simply nodded with a warm smile on his face before shifting his attention to his wife, who was now holding Xioden by the arm, and caressing his chest. Lord Vyas grabbed his wife on both sides and gently lifted her from Xioden’s side and placed her next to him. Xioden smiled again before walking away with Jonshu behind him.

“What was that?” Xioden said in a harsh whisper to his friend.

“House oddities. I knew she was friendly but… she was *friendly*” Jonshu said, shivering slightly.

“Your nobility are all weird. Questionable, at best. And what did he mean that he can’t support me and yet offer me resources from his house?” Xioden asked.

“The noble houses can’t really support any prince, unless they want to be brazen about it. It’s more for their sake than for yours. Perchance you lose,” Jonshu said, waving him away dismissively when he frowned at the insinuation before continuing, “If you lose, no prince can say they supported you and by extension, punish their house.”

“So… political play?”

“Aye. Political play. Let’s meet more nobles!”

\---

Prince Arsa looked down into the hall from the top landing, his jaw tightened and his mood sour. He stood shirtless behind the railing, his blue eyes fierce in the shine of the lamps. A servant walked by him with a tray offering him a drink but he declined without looking. Instead he looked around the hall, at the faces of the princes he was going to have to kill in the coming days.

Once before he had taken the tournament seriously, he had planned to kill the princes outside the tournament. And he got close to killing the supposed ‘second’ prince of the kingdom, a war-slave. That was what Teyvon was to him. A foreigner and a war-slave, bent on usurping power from his father.

*Not that father doesn’t deserve it. He’s a cruel bastard and I’ll have his head when I’m done claiming theirs.*

He rested on the silver railings. His eyes caught the Lord of House Janaya and his wife having what looked like a discussion in the hubbub of the party but he knew different. The lady of the house was known to be extremely friendly and not one to shy away from any young men that caught her eye. She glanced once or twice and he followed her gaze till it rested on the moving forms of two other princes.

Arsa grimaced.

It had been disappointing, growing up, to find that his dad had gone sleeping around with random women of different lands for no other reason than wanting to quell his desires. Worse yet, he had been disappointed his father had chosen from inferior lands compared to the magnificence that was Elemira.

And now he had half-brothers and half-sisters with mothers from different lands, half of which believed they had a claim to the throne. To *his* throne. He gritted his teeth and tightened his grip on the silver bar till his hair stood on end.

“Prince Arsa? If you’re not too tired, we will like to go again?” a female voice said softly behind him and he turned back to face her and her friend.

A silk translucent curtain was all that was separating the room from the balcony he was standing on but he could see their forms behind it.

He walked back into the room, his tall muscular frame painting a dark silhouette to the ladies looking back at him. Both of them still lay naked, though they made no effort to cover themselves. Arsa didn’t smile though. Whilst their bodies had excited him before, now it did nothing for him. And the fact that they thought they could command him irked him more than anything else.

*Peasants*.

The music wafting in from the band built to a crescendo even as he did the same, his right fist glowing with an intense light. The expressions of hopeful pleasure had disappeared from their faces. Only terror remained. And just before they could scramble out of the room, Arsa let the light loose with the band’s rhythm. He felt the pull of mana exit him as he let it through his fingers and where the two ladies had been, now only lay ash.

\---

She watched as the prince and his friend navigated their way through the hall, taking care to not brush upon anyone as they met the nobles and introduced themselves. She found him fascinating, the Nafri prince, especially after speaking to him. The omen she had gotten about him had told her something far different from what she got.

Nonetheless, she still saw it, the black aura surrounding the quiet, charming prince, emanating from his left arm. The kind of aura that speaks of everything bad.

*But not necessarily everything evil.*

She mused, a finger on her lips as she considered how she planned to get close to him. She wondered if she would tell him his fortune, though she saw no real advantage in it. Still, the omen said that she was as bound to him as he would be to her. That they would be joint in heart, in this life or the next. She grimaced as she remembered that line of it.

Her eyes caught the prince again and she smiled as he laughed, his aura taking a bright orange glow as it warmed up. Though, as soon as the orange glow covered him, she saw the black aura around his arm seize it, black wisps shooting out and moving of its own accord. The wisps attached itself to the aura and to her eyes, it seemed to pull away the orange aura into the arm, swallowing it till all that remained was the black aura she had initially seen.

She shivered, an unknown fear growing in her. With a small flourish of her hand, a small green wisp shaped like a green snake became visible on the back of her hand. The wisp snake slithered over her hand, before wrapping itself around a finger, it’s head reared up to face her.

“Are you certain he’s the one?” she asked quietly.

The wisp snake maintained its look on her for a moment before moving, leaping towards her face. As it hit her, it disintegrated into a small cloud. And then a little small voice spoke in her mind.

“He is the one,” the voice said in a breathy whisper, as if hissing.

“That is what you said about the last guy,” she replied dryly and as soon as the last word left her lips, her vision went white.

*“He is the one who will change the world.*

*He’s the one who will break it.*

*In him lies the destruction of the green,*

*In him is the end of all meaning*

*Weep for your life, lady of the night*

*Weep for the end of your days”*

Her vision returned and she slumped to the side of the door, her breathing quick and shallow. She raised a hand to her forehead to wipe the sweat that had now formed. Her mouth felt dry and her hands were clammy. Nervous tingles traveled up and down her spine as she thought on the foretelling the spirit had given her.

She looked around wearily, hoping none had seen her before exiting the hall and making her way back to her temporary chambers. Every step she took made her shake unsteadily. Her knees wobbled enough to cause her to stop every few seconds to calm herself and her nerves.

It wasn’t the first grim foretelling the spirit had given her but it had filled her with so much more than the words. She had felt an immense wave of hate, pain and death that had made her go pale. She felt like retching but suppressed the feeling with every fibre of her being. She just needed to make it to her chambers first.

Only after, could she break down.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden sighed again as he gazed out the window of his new room. From where he sat, he could just about see the tail-end of Diamond Fields. The views of the districts leading downwards were visible however and he found himself wishing he could have still lived in the house he had been given.

*Even then, the house is destroyed, my servants are dead and Farooq is nowhere to be seen. That changes things by a significant amount. Besides…*

He shifted his gaze as his bare left arm. The tattoo was starkly visible in the sun. His eyes traced the markings from his shoulder all the way down to his wrist, after which it seemed to just stop short of continuing.

Back home in Nafri, the tribes might have been proud of the design. They might have even hailed him for it and paid him to do the same to all the men who requested it. He would have been honoured too, to oblige. Women would have found him admirable. Children would have wanted to grow up to be him.

In short, in a different life, the tattoo would have increased his status back home but the thought didn’t make him smile. If anything, he felt disgusted by the arm itself.

After winning, he had thought about ways to remove the boon from him. He had even tried stabbing it but as soon as the blade touched his skin, the blade disintegrated into ash and he remembered what had happened to Rehin’s sword.

He sniffed and returned his gaze back to the crowd waiting for him to come out.

Xioden felt like he had somehow cheated his way to the throne. He had done his best to fight earnestly, going as far as to use both the gun he had made and his arm once and still, it hadn’t been enough. Somehow, the god had played on his anger and fear. A curse formed on his lips for Thanatos but he held it at bay in an effort not to curse the god.

*Nothing would happen if I did. Bloody gods.*

“Your majesty?”

He turned slowly to lock eyes with a young female servant who curtsied to him with a bow.

“You don’t seem ready for your coronation yet…” the woman said in a meek voice.

“That’s because I’m not ready,” he said with a glance through the window before getting to his feet, “What’s your name?”

“Derah, my lord.”

“In a different life, I would likely be dead, Derah. But I’m not. Instead, twenty-nine of my half-brothers are dead and I killed the most out of them.”

The servant seemed to jump with a start and he reckoned it was the tone he had said it in. While he held no real love for the last few of the princes that had been killed, the manner of their deaths bothered him a lot. They hadn’t been given a chance to even fight for their chances of survival. The moment the mist propagated from his arm, their deaths had been made final.

Xioden took a look around his new room. He was now a king. The King of Elemira. The thought forced a tight smile to his face as he got to his feet. The room was truly no different from the one he had before, save for the golden embroidery on every piece of cloth and the more elaborate designs on the cupboards, doors and even the bed stands.

Laid out on his bed was a white shirt and white pants sewn with thin gold threads, next to a golden sword-belt. Next to that, was a long black cloak with gold designs around the fur and the buttons, as well as the stitching of the face of an animal at the back of it.

Xioden had decided to leave something of his father behind. He had never once made a sigil for himself but with his victory, he had opted to leave the sigil of the king behind. The proud lion. Instead, the colours had been his to change. He wanted a mixture of black and silver, a representation of an early memory of him and his mother but his new designers and cloak-makers had made his new wear with gold instead.

*And far too much gold, in my opinion. Far too much.*

He moved to pick up a shirt when Derah glided over to lift it up for him in a manner that suggested she was going to dress him. As she moved, the rest of the servants in the room began to move, some going for the pants while others picked the belt and the cloak. He frowned at her and she bowed her head in return.

He sighed. Arissa had done quite the same when he first got his house and he had put a stop in it against Farooq’s insistence. He considered it for a moment before accepting the service.

Slowly and efficiently, they dressed him in the shirt and pants and sword belt. He was given a pair of white and gold shoes to wear and he grimaced at the waste of gold as he did. The servant holding his cloak, a slightly tall man with the name of Balin moved to put the cloak on him when he raised a hand.

“Is there a sword I can…”

“Of course. You are a king.”

The voice seemed to reverberate in the room and all the servants froze in place. Xioden turned to see Roedran standing at the door with a sheathed sword in hand. The man wore a smile that made him tense up, ready to fight if needed but the former king just stood at the door and watched him.

“I had expected you to be gone,” Xioden said cautiously.

“So did I… But, as your father, absentee or not, it is only right I give you my wisdom and blessing, is it not?” Roedran replied just as coolly. The smile remained.

Xioden stared at him quietly for a few moments. Annoyance began to bubble in him but he kept his face as smooth as he could.

“And why would my absentee father think I need his wisdom?” he said.

“Well… I am the former king. I am not dead. I believe you will find my wisdom… invaluable,” the former king replied, extending the sword hilt to him.

“Humour me then, Father. Share some of this *wisdom* that you claim to have.”

“Leave us,” the former king said, without breaking his gaze with Xioden. The servants leapt into motion, dropping what they were doing and running out of the room.

Xioden wanted to say something at the moment, stand his ground and command his servants to stay until he saw the glint in his father’s eyes. The man still had the same smile on his face.

So, he kept silent.

When the last of his servants left the room, the former king allowed the silence to drag a bit longer before walking away from the door. Xioden moved too in an attempt to not have the man at his back.

“There is no love for you in the houses. I know you’ve spoken to some, but there’s no loyalty there and you shouldn’t expect any,” he started.

“I know.”

“No, you don’t. The seven houses all have their eyes on the throne. They will kill you as soon as you show a hint of weakness. You have to be cold in your dealings with them. Trust no one. Use everyone. You are king now. You’re not just a man anymore. You have to behave as a king would. ”

“In other words, act as you do. I am unsure as to how that classes as wisdom…”

The smile slipped so slightly before snapping back to normal.

*Ah… so that hurt. Interesting to know…*

“For someone who hates me so much, I’m amused at how little you know about me.”

“And what is there to know, Father? That you decimated the Illimerean army for reasons only known to you? Or is it your debauchery? Your actions against the women of the noble houses are well-known. You tried to stamp it out but rumours and whispers will always persist. Or is it the fact that you whored yourself around the lands in your youth? Fathering numerous children that you won’t even have the decency to care for?” Xioden spat at him.

Anger surged through him and he fought to keep his voice level but he couldn’t. The man had left him and his mother like trash to be discarded. It irked him so much that the man had to gall to even imply that he should be regarded as a father.

Roedran raised an eye at him before bursting into laughter. Xioden felt his hand tighten on the sword’s hilt.

“The houses, the servants and you princes… You all think you know about me…” Roedran said as he walked to the bed. He picked up the cloak and walked back to Xioden who took a step back at first. The former king smiled and he frowned before turning.

As he put his hands into the cloak, Roedran continued.

“Your worldview of me, of who I am and of all that I entail, is incredibly narrow,” he said with a small chuckle before letting go of the cloak. He patted Xioden’s shoulder and turned towards the door.

Xioden watched him and thought about what he could do to the man. Before his victory, before the tournament, he often daydreamed of how he would make his father pay for what he had done to his mother. He thought about sentencing the man to rot in prison but he couldn’t justify it.

It would leave a sour taste in his citizens if the first official action he takes is dooming the king to an uncertain future in the dungeons. Still, he had to make the man pay. He had to wrest power back to his corner.

“You are leaving Elemira,” he said quietly.

“That is the current plan. Why? Do you want me to stay?” the man said with a grin.

“No. You are leaving Elemira. You will not return. I don’t care what you do outside but you have three days to leave the land. Three days or you will be thrown into a dungeon somewhere.”

“Oh?”

“Three days, Roedran. That’s all the mercy you get for what you did to my mother,” he said calmly without raising his voice. Anger still boiled in him and he was surprised he could keep his voice level.

“I will make myself scarce at once, your majesty.”

Roedran performed a mock bow before exiting the room and closing the door behind him.

\---

Securing his new boots once more, having taken them off a few seconds before on account of feeling foolish in them, Kattus stood to his feet and took a few moments to steady himself. The boots were different from what he had been accustomed to, with small heels underneath the platform thereby, elevating his average height by an added amount.

He walked to the mirror tentatively as he checked himself. The shimmering black and gold coat he wore seemed to glimmer in the sun shining through the window of the room he was in. The coat felt extremely comfortable and he marvelled at how quick the clothes had been sewn.

It had only been two days since Xioden had been royally escorted from the arena to some hails but mostly murmurs as the onlookers observed the procession with a mixture of fear and awe.

Kattus had been back in his room when the incident with Zeus had occurred. Whilst the existence of the gods was proved by the boons they gifted the princes, he didn't think anyone had ever really expected gods to show up.

*There was that incident with Anubis at Prince Jonshu's game party. Still, Zeus in all his power… that's something different.*

Seeing the god's hand in the sky had shaken him from the odd funk he had been in. His mind returned to the moment and he shivered without meaning to.

Something felt odd to him, something he couldn't quite place. Nonetheless, he *knew* without a doubt that he felt something when the sky god showed himself in the clouds. Something to do with Xioden.

He inspected himself in the mirror. The coat had golden embroidery woven into the collar with the design travelling down the front of the coat in a spectacular fashion. Underneath the coat, he wore an off-white undershirt that came up to his neck-line and accompanied the shirt with black trousers and a pair of dark boots interwoven with gold.

Kattus found the dressing to be much more elaborate than anything he had ever worn in his life and wondered how he’d walk out in front of his peers. It wasn’t official but Xioden had told him that he was to be the king’s personal guard. He felt honoured but also worried about it.

The new status would come with a small house in Diamond Fields close to the castle, as well as actual authority in all things concerning the king. He could pull his rank over some of the nobles who had spent their lives so close to the zenith of power. He wasn’t just some average military man anymore. He was the king’s man.

He let out another breath in awe. Shamefully, he knew he wouldn’t have put money down on Xioden winning, not because he distrusted the man’s skill but because he had been around the other princes for longer. They had a certain ruthlessness to them that Xioden lacked. It was a surprise to find out that man had won dwarfed only by the realisation that the land would have a new king.

*In any case, I guess I have to serve a new king now then. King Xioden. Gods above. It’s like the man’s name was made for it.*

Chuckling to himself, he picked up his sword from the bed and secured it on the new sword belt that had been made for him. He smiled ruefully to his reflection in the mirror one last time before stepping out of his new house into the fields of the first district.

He paused, taking in the sight of the transformed district.

Diamond Fields had been named by one of the earlier queens of the land, an allusion to the story of her finding a crystal clear diamond ring in the middle of the field, whilst on a leisurely walk with her husband, the then king. Something about it had marvelled her and she had sought to memorialise that into something for history.

The district stood high above the rest of the districts with the castle situated at the farthest end, directly opposite the main gates leading out of the district. Luscious fields of greenery were grown around the districts, with tiled roads constructed to weave around the shrubs.

To the sides of the districts were large white manor houses which flew the colours and sigils of the seven nobles houses of the lands, as well as the colours of the now deceased first prince of the kingdom.

House Tevan whose sigil was the head of an otter, an old creature from ages past, flew red flags at the top of their manor-house. The blue flag, with the sigil of a sea animal in a white circle, the mighty whale, belonged to House Forthen. The orange-flagged House Claren had the wolverine sigil, captured by a pair of three lines angle parallel to each other.

The outlined face of a cat was visible on the green flag of House Krumare, dancing gently to the blowing wind along with the golden yellow flag of House Sengh. Their sigil, the eagle, appeared to fly as the flag whipped back and forth. House Janaya and House Doe had the sigil of the Indigo wolf and the violet swan, respectively. And though their colours had a similarity in shade, last Kattus had heard about it, both houses always seemed at odds with each other.

From where he stood, usually, the statues that generally garnered attention and awe in front of each house would be visible to see but now, the district was covered with people awaiting the coronation of their new king. He could see some heads turn towards the houses in short quick glances but no one lingered too long.

*For their own good, I reckon*, Kattus though absently to himself as he made his way slowly through the crowd.

As he walked, the crowd seemed to part for him, with slight rumours and gasps following him from behind. He did his best to ignore the way they looked at him, the eyes of little boys filled with admiration whilst their parents hugged them tight and away from him. They had fear in their eyes. Not quite obvious, but a small one noticeable to him, at least.

He walked up to the castle gate and waited to be granted access to enter. A squad of king’s guards stood just outside the gate with their hands grasping their swords and their eyes searching for anyone who might cause trouble on such a day as this. Inside the gate, a small company of soldiers stood in formation. They were split down the middle to allow a way for the royal procession.

Kattus nodded to the familiar faces he knew, some of who tried to suppress a smile and he chuckled quietly to himself. He was going to get laughed at for accepting the new king’s promotion and he found himself looking forward to it.

He walked up the long stairs to the castle itself and slipped into a quiet hallway with banners of gold and black hanging from the ceiling. Servants stood to the side of the hallway, their hands clasped together and their eyes on the opposite wall.

Nodding to them as he passed, he couldn’t help but ponder on the colours Xioden had chosen to be his official colours. Whilst the contrast between the gold and black made for a beautiful design, something about the choice of the darker colour tugged at his memory.

“...my lord…”

Kattus stopped in his tracks and turned to face a thinly looking man who trembled where he stood. He was still staring at the man when the man fell to his knees and began to plead for forgiveness.

He shook himself out of his thoughts and blinked at the man.

“I am sorry. It appears I was deep in thought. Stand up, Mr…” he said in a calm voice.

“Oridan, my lord. Mat Oridan, my lord. I’m a messenger with a letter for the king,” the man answered, still on his knees with his face to the ground.

“Please, stand. If the letter is to the king, why offer it to me?”

“You’re dressed in the colour of the new king, my lord. I was standing with the servants in the hallway when you walked past. Got to thinking that you may be able to give it to him in my place…” Oridan said before hastily adding, “...my lord.”

Kattus looked at the man for a while, alternating his gaze to the small note in the man’s outstretched hands. He sighed and reached for it. There was a small wax seal on the note and he pocketed the letter before addressing the messenger again.

“Are you afraid of the king, Oridan?” he said quietly.

The man seemed to stiffen.

“It is alright. I will take the letter to the king but you will follow me. Is that alright?” he said gently.

“As...as you wish, my lord.”

He nodded and began walking towards the throne room. He heard the sound of the man scrambling to his feet before falling in line just behind him. They walked quietly and after a few more turnings through the building, Kattus stepped into the throne room.

Sun shone brightly through the open windows and breeze blew softly through the room. The throne sat empty on its elevated platform and even then, Kattus could still feel the power radiating from it. He shook himself slightly.

*Xioden is king. Gods above, I believe that will always surprise me*.

“Wait by the door here. I…” Kattus trailed off as he heard the boots of someone walking from the throne.

He turned to face the mad king Roedran, though a king no more. As soon as Xioden had been announced as the winner of the tournament, Roedran had equally announced he was now abdicating the throne for the new king.

No one had been certain the man would do it, after all, they called him the mad king for a reason. Still, the immediacy in which the man had called it startled everyone. When asked where he would be going, he only smiled and walked away. Kattus had even gotten word that Roedran had left the arena before the battle was even finished.

And now, the former king stood in front of him tall and proud, with an intense gaze that turned his blood cold and made his legs feel weak.

“So, you are his first appointment. Kattus, son of Fraudrin. I remember you. I would tell you to take care of the king but it matters little to me if you do. Nonetheless, I will say this to you as the king’s personal guard,” Roedran began.

The man spoke with a soft tone and yet, Kattus felt pressured by it. He had taken a step backwards before he noticed it and a hand was resting on his sword. Roedran glanced at the sword and then back to him before grinning wide.

“Focus less on the man on the throne, but on the throne. A man can be disrespected, fooled and even looked down on, but never the throne. The throne is a fixed point and everyone looks up to it, hence its elevation.”

Roedran turned to look at the throne and then back to the two men.

“Xioden will clash in will against the houses and some would seek to bluster on account of his naivety on the throne. It will take some time for someone like *him* to understand the power he now wields. But you… you understand it. Protect the power of the throne. That’s all you have to do.”

With that, the man walked past them and into the hallway, disappearing from sight.

Kattus licked his lips. It felt like he could breathe again and he noticed he had been holding the handle of his sword tightly. He let go as he took a breath. He glanced at Oridan behind him and the man was desperately trying to wipe the sweat from the face with his cloak.

*Wasn’t just me then? Right… Of course…*

He swallowed and took a step forward. Once he saw that he didn’t fall, he slowly made his way down the aisle leading to the throne but took a right turning just before the stairs leading to the throne.

There was a door by the platform elevating the throne which led to a flight of stairs, which in turn led to a smaller hallway with rooms. At the end of the hallway was the biggest room of the lot, belonging to Xioden.

He made his way down the stairs and into the hallway, doing his best to suppress his emotions which danced about wildly after his encounter with the former king. On reaching the door, he took some time to steady his breathing and wipe the sweat off his forehead with a small cloth he kept in his pockets.

Then he knocked softly on the door.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The hour-long journey back to the Golden City of Elemira was largely quiet, as the two men didn’t speak as much. Instead, they remained intently focused on their journey, lost in their respective thoughts on the experiences they had just gone through. Xioden watched his guard trot carefully along the path they had joined on the road. He noticed as the man would rub his covered shoulder every few minutes absently, never more than a few seconds. 

While his memory of the events of the previous night was still hazy, he remembered the shroud of death surrounding the man. He looked down to inspect his wrapped arm again. The fabric was soft to his touch, and it didn’t restrict the movement in his arm at all. There was an almost imperceptible set of ridges on the cloth, he couldn’t make out any details on it. He rubbed the wrappings once more, leaning forward to pat the horse gently. He wasn’t sure what made him believe it, but he instinctively knew the cloth was a gift from Thanatos. 

“Yellow creature,” Kattus said suddenly shaking Xioden out of his thoughts. 

“What?” Xioden asked.

“Yellow creature. I’ve been thinking of what to call the monsters we fought in the underground passage. They bleed yellow. So, yellow creature,” Kattus said, explaining his reasoning. 

Xioden could hear the hint of jest underneath the words of the guards and he chuckled in response, rubbing his chin softly. 

“Not only is that a poor name, Kattus, you also got it wrong. They bleed a sickly green colour, similar to the pus that leaks out of infected and diseased wounds,” Xioden said and Kattus wrinkled his nose. 

“That is a putrid thing to even think of, my lord.”

“Aye. Still, I believe we should name them. It would make it easier to mention than ‘sickly-green creature’,” 

Xioden watched with a small smile on his face as Kattus scratched his head for a few seconds before smiling and glancing back at him. 

“Seeing as it has lime blood. We can call it a ‘*Limuturé*’?” 

“What is that?” 

“A lime creature, my lord. A simple name for a simple minded mad experimentation,” Kattus replied. 

Xioden started laughing. He couldn’t help but find humor in the absurdity of the name the guard had chosen. Soon enough, he heard Kattus laughing alongside him. The air of tension that had grown between them on their journey was swiftly dissipated and they were talking again. 

“Farooq is going to shake his fists at me. I can feel it,” Xioden said after some time. 

“The old servant? He’s going to demand your head,” Kattus replied with a laugh. 

“In his defense, I should probably have told him where I was going before I left. I reckon, for a man of his position, a prince dying under him would be… a problem.”

“Not necessarily, my lord. You might not like to hear this, but your father… the king, he’s not a caring person. Your death would have been taken in stride without so much as a courtesy nod.”

Xioden frowned at that. He was well aware that the king never seemed to see eye to eye to any of his children but he hoped the man had the basic decency to pretend to care at times of peril. The frown turned into a knowing look when he considered that it would make sense for the king to not care. The man had never shown to care and it would certainly be a noticeable gesture if he did at their deaths. 

*Especially with him about to put us in a hole and pit us against each other*

“...my lord?”

“Hm?”

“I was asking a question in regards to our... “ Kattus began to say before trailing off. Xioden The guard had dropped to trot next to the prince and he could see the man’s thoughtful expression. 

“...Our walk, Kattus,” Xioden said quietly and Kattus’ eyes widened in a knowing gaze. 

“In regards to our ‘walk’,” Kattus repeated, suppressing a smile before continuing, “In what way do you plan to use the scribbled piece of parchment? The images on it is unlike anything I’ve seen.”

Xioden pursed his lips and remained silent. He considered telling the guard all he knew, including the visions and dreams he had seen. He wasn’t naive to think the man couldn’t handle the information but he was certain that the guard wouldn’t be able to comprehend what the weapon meant. 

“It’s a weapon of the old world,” Xioden said finally.

“The old world?” Kattus breathed the word like it was taboo and Xioden chuckled lightly. 

“I can’t say more yet but I plan to use it in the upcoming tournament. It might be the saving grace that assists in my survival.”

“But, my lord, how is a parchment supposed to help?” 

“The parchment itself is just as you saw it to be. I plan to construct what was drawn on it. As soon as we return, I’ll take a few hours of rest before putting the plan in motion.”

Xioden looked at Kattus, holding the guard’s gaze before saying. 

“No one else can know about what I’ve found, Kattus. Especially the king.”

“Aye. There will be nothing to tell in any event. After all, we simply went for a walk, my lord,” Kattus replied, almost nonchalantly. 

“That is true…” Xioden said, smiling. 

“I do have one more question though. How do you plan to construct the weapon?”

“Surely, we have a metal-smith in the city. I shall make arrangements with one and procure a working prototype by week’s end,” Xioden replied. 

“That wouldn’t work for secrecy, my lord,” Kattus said, shaking his head. 

“Oh?” Xioden said, his brow raised in a questioning look. 

“The golden city works like any city, my lord. Things are rarely secret unless the handling of information is done properly. The metal-smith will talk. And he won’t even have to be, say, *forcefully* coerced. A simple fee would fix that,” Kattus said. 

Xioden opened his mouth to reply but his attention was drawn towards the city as the brass gates came into view. He breathed a sigh of relief and sped up his horse slightly. He was dying for a warm drink and a bath to wash away the filth from his skin. He leaned forward and patted the horse again. 

“We will continue our talk, Kattus… Have a bath and dress down once we’re back in the city then come meet me at my home,” Xioden said. 

“Aye, my lord,” came the reply and the two men broke into a gallop back to the city. 

\---

Xioden laid in the bathtub, sinking just a little bit under the water to cover his mouth. He liked submerging himself in this way for a few minutes before getting out, as he found it to be a calming action. And with all he had gone through the night before, he wanted to stay submerged as he was for as long as he could. 

When he and Kattus had gotten past the gate, there had been an uproar of surprise and cheers as everyone welcomed him home. He had even seen some tears from some of the women surrounding them and he found the experience to be terrifying and oddly enough, exciting. Kattus had moved to get ahead of him, taking commands of the gate guards and using them to clear a path for him to get through. 

His first destination had been to the stable owner that had rented him the horse. As soon as the man saw him coming, Xioden had watched as the owner paled and bowed low to the ground, shouting for mercy. The action had caused Xioden to laugh as he put the pieces together. He guessed the man must have revealed the truth to Farooq, especially with how long they had gone unaccounted for. The thought hadn’t made him worry, however, but he nodded at the man and slowly walked past him, uttering a single word as he pointed at the horse he was riding. 

“Mine.” 

The stable-owner’s eyes had widened briefly before the man bowed his head again and Xioden continued his quick trot through the districts. There had been a growing murmur of voices that followed him and Kattus as they rode through each district and he had felt his apprehension rise as he considered what he was going to tell Farooq when the man saw him. 

To his greatest surprise and relief, Farooq hadn’t been around to welcome him home and Xioden chose to maximize the advantage he got from it. Hence, the bath he was currently having. 

He stayed submerged for a few more minutes before rising from the water. Covering himself with a towel-cloth, he exited the bathroom and slowly walked back to his room. As he entered, he saw the old man sitting at the edge of his bed, looking towards the door. Xioden grimaced slightly before speaking. 

“Afternoon, dearest Farooq…” he said, blithely. 

“You were missing. I searched and searched. Asked everyone, some lied, one finally caved. You went outside the city without telling me, I assume to let me not worry. I guess we both know how I handled that…” Farooq replied in a quiet voice, clasping his hands together slowly. 

Xioden winced. He knew the man wasn’t going to be happy but he had expected to be shouted at but the calm nature in which his chief manservant spoke to him unnerved him a lot more than he thought it would. 

“ Farooq, I…” Xioden began.

“It’s alright, my lord. I’m simply a servant. Who am I to question the wants and wills of my master?” Farooq said, cutting Xioden off. 

“It’s not like that and you know it,” Xioden said, covering his face. 

“Then how is it like, Xioden?” 

“I was... “ Xioden paused, turning to look at Farooq. He could see new set of lines on the man’s forehead and he noticed that his chief manservant appeared far older than he looked the day before. The prince narrowed his eyes at that before shaking his head, dismissing the thoughts. 

“I was given something by my patron and his...er… other charge, for lack of a better word. It was something that had to be done speedily. And I figured if I told you, you’d make a fuss about it. I didn’t want anyone to know.”

“Know what? That you went out? Or That you were trying to carry out some will of the mysterious patron you serve?” Farooq replied.

“I don’t know… Both?”

“Well, suffice to say, the whole city know you went out now. The smart ones will see it as some sort of power move, leaving the city this close to the tournament. Perhaps you’ve gone to speak to foreign merchants in regards to special weapons…”

“...It’s not…”

“...the really intelligent ones would compare with our social you are, and what you’ve been doing so far in regards to your training. They’d measure it up with how you’ve been acting since you got blessed by your patron…”

“Farooq, listen…”

“... and when they add the pieces together, they’d hazard a guess as to your reasoning to leave the city. Because, if  Prince Xioden, who has solely been practicing combat in the training grounds, decide to suddenly leave the city after a branding incident that made you pass out and anger another god, then perhaps… just perhaps, you’ve been told to leave for a specific reason.” 

Farooq finished talking with a finality that made Xioden lift his hands in surrender, sighing heavily. The old man was right but in his defense, he hadn’t expected their journey to last more than the day they set out. He had believed the sequence of events would take a few hours at best and that he would have been home for dinner. 

“I concede. The plan was to return before dinner but things happened that forced us to stay the night. It was not a conscious decision. I kept it secret mainly for that reason,” Xioden said. 

“Your highness… if secrecy is what you were after, I have the means of getting you out of the city without anyone knowing. All it would have taken from you, would have been an honest question.”

Silence hung between the two men for a few minutes as Xioden considered what he could say. The revelation that Farooq could have gotten him out of the city without the hassle stung deep. He found himself rubbing his arm absentmindedly before noticing that Farooq was frowning at it. He looked back to his arm, becoming aware that the black cloth covering it still remained. 

He opened his mouth to speak when he heard a voice from behind him. 

“My lord, Sir Kattus is here. He says you invited him over,” Arissa said, and Xioden turned to look at her. She curtsied before kneeling on the floor. 

“Take him to the library and serve him something to eat and drink. Inform him that I’ll be with him shortly,” Xioden glanced back at Farooq before adding, “Prepare an additional chair for me and Farooq.”

“Aye, my lord,” she replied, before hurrying off. 

“Help me dress, Farooq… and I’ll reveal to you all I know and all I can. Will that be enough for you to forgive me?” 

“I can’t say, my lord. But I’ll take it as a start.” 

\---

Dressed in a simple white tunic and soft woolen pants, Xioden made his way to the library with Farooq following quietly behind. He was still feeling a bit uncomfortable with the old man’s silence and he wasn’t sure how to break it without coming across as foolhardy. 

*I could tell him my best joke and see what happens*, he thought as he got to the foot of the stairs

He dismissed the thought quickly enough and focused on just telling him and Kattus what his arm would allow him to say. Knocking softly on the library door, he waited until the door opened and Kattus peered from behind it. 

“My lord,” the guard said, bowing his head slightly as Xioden entered before adding, “Farooq.”

He turned in time to see Farooq give a curt nod before choosing to stand by the side of the door. Xioden sighed again, wondering if the things he was going to share would even help in changing the man’s mood. His gaze rested on the tray of apples, cheese and bread. He reached forward, grabbing an apple and biting into it before speaking. 

“Lock the door,” Xioden said, chewing slowly as he regarded the two men in the room. 

Farooq turned towards the door, removing a key from his belt and securing the room before returning back to his position. Xioden nodded before moving the tray to the side slightly. He retrieved the map Thanatos had given him as well as the parchment he had gotten from the underground passages and laid them out on the table. 

The map was blank, away from the glare of the sun. The other had intricate designs on it that wowed Kattus and made the stoic old man draw closer to look at it. Xioden saw Farooq’s face change, expressing a myriad of emotions before settling back to his neutral look. He glanced at Xioden, catching his eye before moving back to the wall next to the door. 

“Everything I say, or rather, everything I’m about to say does not leave this room. And I say this with the distinct knowledge that should it be shared, the person who speaks will die. Which is the worst part of it because it will not be by my hand,” Xioden said, his tone low but not too low that they couldn’t hear him. 

The library had a small window which lay to the east of the house, situated just close to the ceiling of the room. It was from this window that sun bathed the room in light. 

“After the ceremony, where I begged the…” Xioden closed his eyes briefly as he considered the manner he could phrase his words, “...begged the heavens for help, I got an answer. And that answer marked my arm.”

Xioden set the core of the apple he was eating down on the train and rubbed his hand together before stretching and getting to his feet. He slowly paced around the room till he stopped just behind Kattus’ chair.

“This answer has then proceeded to show me things,” Xioden said, before glancing down at the guard. 

“About the old world?” Kattus asked. 

“Aye. One of which woke up up during the night, a day or two ago. The night you ran into my room, Farooq.” 

Xioden turned to face the old man. Farooq was now frowning slightly. 

“In the moment from when I woke up from the dream, to when you came to check up on me, I was visited by another. One who was well conversant with the owner of my brand. He’s the one that gave me that,” Xioden said, pointing to the blank map on the table. 

“I hid that from you, Farooq because I had been instructed by said visitor to do so.”

“I take it the map is what led you out of the city?” Farooq asked. 

“Aye,” Kattus answered him. 

“Where to?” Farooq asked again 

Xioden saw Kattus look at him and then at Farooq, and the prince raised a hand up to stop him. 

“We went to the ruins of the old world and from it, we recovered the other parchment with the intricate drawing.” 

“I see,” Farooq replied before adding, “I take it, this is why you wanted me to look into the old world from the royal archives?” 

“Aye.”

“Very well then, young master,” Farooq said, making a dramatic sigh as he clasped his hands together. 

Xioden smiled, feeling calmer now that Farooq had seemingly returned back to his former self. He let out a sigh of relief before walking back towards the parchment with the diagrams. 

“This is what I wish to construct before the tournament. Kattus here says it would be unwise to use just one of the metal-smiths to put the weapon together.”

“He is wise for that,” Farooq replied, sniffing dismissively, “You’ve spent this whole time trying to be secretive and now you want to hand over your secret weapon to some random metal-smith. Honestly, young master, this is why I worry about you.”

“I’ll be fine,” Xioden replied, smiling. 

“That you will be when we’re done planning this out. Now sit, we’ve got a diagram to understand and stuff to be put underway,” Farooq said. 

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


An agonizing scream tore itself free from Xioden’s lips as pain assaulted his senses from all sides. A searing heat scorched his skin, uncaring as to whether or not he was Nafri-born and he felt his eyes burn as the bright light consumed the entirety of his being. Awareness faded with a suddenness unmatched by anything else he had ever encountered and with a final breath, he slipped into the void. 

\---

Thanatos floated slowly in the void watching as the events of the arena unfolded, absently ferrying the souls that entered his domain to the other side of the veil. As the hand of Death, his true divine form was bound to the void between life and death. It was the only place he could exist as himself and yet, he hated it. 

When Death had come for him, millennia ago before most other gods came into existence, he had mistaken what the being wanted him for. He had fashioned himself as the god of death in numerous pantheons and as a consequence, cultivated a lot of worship for himself as a result. That had displeased his benefactor greatly. 

And now, as penance, he was watching his godhood coming to an end. Death had imprisoned him in the void, severely limiting his powers. He couldn’t warn his brethren of the coming danger and he couldn’t contact them in any way. Instead, he could only interact with the chosen prince and even then, as a shadow of his former self. 

He truly felt sorry for the prince Death had chosen. The man had no idea of what the being was planning for him and the world. Even now, as he fought in the arena, he was unaware of how his destiny had been shaped to reach this point. And of how his destiny would be shaped to further Death’s machinations. 

He shifted his gaze from the ethereal screen in front of him and glanced at the souls marching through his new realm. Centuries ago, he would have entertained the souls in his numerous temples, either it be Grecian, Egyptian, Norse or even Roman. The names of the old civilisation washed over him like a barely remembered memory. 

The souls of the dead would have marched through the halls of whichever of the religions they believed in and he would have dictated where they would end up in, either in eternal damnation or in some Elysium managed by some of his brothers and sisters. 

In the void, however, he could only see one gateway at the end of the queue of souls. There were two lines of souls, one marching to death and the other being reborn into the world. He wasn’t completely sure on where the gateway led to but he knew it didn’t lead to any of his old realms. He stipulated it led to Death itself who decided whether or not souls would be reborn according to his planning. 

Nonetheless, Thanatos pushed the thought from his mind and returned his gaze to the screen. He watched as the skies opened and frowned as Zeus’ hand became visible even as Prince Arsa stood over Xioden. As the lightning bolt form in the god’s hand, Thanatos opened a portal to the arena. He knew Death planned to claim Xioden eventually but he thought it would be later on in the prince’s life. 

Creating another shade of himself, he tried to walk through the portal when it winked out of form. 

*“No,”* he heard Death say. The souls underneath him all gasped and shook from fear. Some started crying, though their expressions never changed. They still marched slowly towards the gate.

*They don’t even know who is speaking but they can feel him,* he thought to himself before responding to his master. 

“They will kill him if I don’t help. I’m trying to help, master,” he said, speaking into the void. 

*“I know. He will die and I will take his place in the living realm. All will serve death. All will serve me.”*

“Master..?”

*“Watch…”*

Thanatos watched as the lightning bolt struck the place where Xioden was. He kept his mouth shut and his face smooth as an explosion rocked the arena, showering the arena in burnt stone, scorched trees and ashes. Then he looked down at the line of souls, travelling along with them rapidly until his eyes settled on Xioden. He licked his lips but said nothing. 

The Nafri prince marched slowly along the line with the same blank expressionless face as the rest of the souls marching along with him. He wasn’t the only one but Thanatos kept his eyes on him alone. 

Suddenly, the void seemed to grow darker. Thanatos could feel a movement in the empty space a few metres from him as if the atmosphere was being shaped. A force removed Xioden from the queue and suspended him above the line, just in front of the god. Then, the void began to shape itself around the prince, with the tattoo on the prince’s arm glowing in a dark red colour. It pulsed as the prince rotated. 

A pitch black, slightly humanoid form suddenly came into view above Xioden and Thanatos drew back immediately. The void seemed to hum, with the atmosphere vibrating like it was about to break apart. He knew who the form was without introduction and an ancient fear gripped him.

He was staring at Death itself. 

The figure raised a shadowy tendril to caress Xioden’s face when something shone brightly on Xioden’s forehead. Like a pulsing bright light, it projected a thin layer of shielding around the prince. Thanatos allowed himself a tiny smile before smoothing his face and gliding towards the shadowy form. 

He opened his mouth to speak but found that no words left his mouth.

*“You shielded him from me. The tear of a god. Ancient.”*

It wasn’t a question and for a deep-seated reason he couldn’t place, he felt it would result in something grievous if he lied. 

“Yes, my lord. I did,” he said without changing his expression. 

*“Why?”*

“His body won’t be able to sustain your might in the living realm. He needs to be stronger. In mind and in body,” he replied. 

A cacophony of laughter seemed to fill the void as the figure shook or rather, vibrated in place. The souls walking towards the gates underneath cowered but never halted their slow march towards the gate. The laughter slowly died out before the entity spoke. 

*“You lie but no matter. He is still mine,”* Death said. Thanatos swallowed but didn’t move. Instead, the being called out softly to Xioden in a voice akin to a caressing whisper. 

*“My Prince... Awake!”*  

The prince’s body jerked for a brief moment before awareness returned. Thanatos watched as the prince began to flail about in the void desperate for something to hold. Dulled screams of fear echoed through the endless void but he could only watch.

As the prince struggled against the invisible bonds that held him, a skull mask materialised on the body of the shadowy figure. Sweat formed on the prince’s face but Thanatos knew the man couldn’t see them. Not unless they were in contact. Nonetheless, the skull face moved around in the void until it was directly under the man’s face.

The eyes flashed a bright green and Xioden gasped, tensing his body as if trying to draw away from the skull. 

*“They killed you. Sent you to me. You were kind to them. Decent. You fought honourably and  yet, they called a god to kill you.”*

Thanatos observed quietly as Xioden stopped moving. 

“I.. am dead?” 

Thanatos heard Xioden ask the question, his voice sounding slightly strained. The god wanted to speak but he could feel the pressure coming off Death so he stayed his tongue. He desperately wanted to interfere and force Xioden back into the living realm but he feared Death would not let him. 

*“You are. And you aren’t. I can give you life again. If you want to make them pay…”*

“I’m dead...” the prince said in a disappointed voice. 

*“No one to take care of your mother. Even now, she looks for you. Cries for you…”*

“My mother. She… I need to take care of her…”

*"And you can. You can take care of her before Roedran finds her. She's in the city…"*

A pause filled the void as the prince considered what his master had said. Twice Thanatos had tried to move but found himself incapable of such an action. It felt like there was a solid space of darkness holding him in place. 

"I'm dead. There's nothing I can do for her now…" the prince replied dejectedly. He turned away once more and tried to move away from the skull face but only remained in the same spot.

*"But you can live. You have the power. It was and is my gift to you…"*

He watched as the prince suddenly became aware of his left arm like he was seeing it anew. He ran his fingers down it once more before shaking his head and looking away. 

"Thanatos said I'd be yours once I die. Why are you sending me back?" 

There was a little bit of defiance in the statement. A small one but enough to make the god smile. 

*"You are mine. You will always be mine. But it is not your time yet. I shall have you when it's your time. Until then, you can live and protect Murena before I send your brother to claim her."*

"I'll shield her from you. You will not have her."

*"You will try. Begone. I have use for you yet. Beginning with your attacker..."*

The space around the prince warped and shimmered and Thanatos watched as the prince’s ethereal form dissipated. The god sighed and shook imperceptibly before returning his gaze to the shadowy form of Death. 

The form righted itself back up, the skull disappearing back into the folds of shadow tendrils, and Thanatos could feel it looking at him. He retreated slightly. He thought about what he could say or do to Death but decided on just staring back at the entity silently when he noticed that the shadowy form was nowhere to be seen. 

Instead, the void brightened and the screen in front of him changed.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


“Find an old map of the city for me, would you please?” Xioden asked, not looking up from the scroll he was going through.

It had been three days since he made the journey to the metalsmiths. He had handed the blueprint over and the smith had looked at him with confusion which was swiftly washed away when a bag of gold coins dropped on the table next to him. The smith didn’t care after that.

He had spent the days following days on training and research. In the mornings, he’d go to the training ground to spar with some of the knights. They would sneer at him sometimes or mock him, but he never really took it to heart. Xioden’s mind was on the price and nothing could affect that.

Once training was over, he’d bathe to wash away the sweat and grime before going to the library to read. There was so much he wanted to learn and he found that he struggled to decide on which was more important. At times, he’d go through the pile of books and scrolls that Farooq had helped him get, pertaining to the old world. Other times, he’d delve deeper into fighting styles, Elemira traditions and more importantly, the way the past tournaments had run.

A scroll rested on his outstretched hand and he glanced up briefly to look at Arissa who stood quietly next to him.

“Thank you, Arissa,” he said with a small smile.

“It is my duty, my lord,” she answered with a smile before curtsying and moving to clear the unused books from the table.

“Put the new acquisitions aside from the normal works. I still wish to go through them once I’m free,” Xioden said and she nodded, getting to work at clearing up the room to make it more presentable..

He unfurled the scroll in front of him, spreading it across the table. Even now, as he regarded the map before him, he couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of awe at the sheer size of the city. It was bigger than the Bonlu City back at home. He caressed the lining on the map slowly before tracing his finger along the lines showing the demarcations between the districts. He wasn’t sure how old the map was but it seemed relevant to his needs.

From the scrolls and books he had rummaged through in his research, the first tournament had been conducted in an open plain, just behind the city. And as such, the first tournament got its resolution within the first half hour of it starting. The open plains had meant that any interested party willing to see the match would have to find a way to elevate themselves on the field, so as to avoid being caught in the crossfire of arrows and spear throws.

After the first tournament, under the direction of the new king, a new arena was constructed within the city itself. The mandate was that the arena would serve as a source of entertainment for the city. The city council, consisting of the king, his advisers and some noblemen would also use the arena to punish criminals by pitting them against impossible odds, dangling the criminal’s freedom as reward for surviving through the ordeals. And as such, the arena within the city underwent frequent changes to its structure in order to challenge the combatants that entered into it.

Xioden grimaced slightly before folding the map back and pushing it away on the table. He knew the attempt had been nothing more than a bad gamble, but he had maintained some hope that one of the maps would hold some information on the arena, but he hadn’t found anything yet, save the location which was public knowledge. The drawing on the maps would only indicate the shape of the arena, with a small written information about its construction and its use.

*Maybe I need to commit and start paying up to get some information as Farooq advised*, he thought grimly to himself.

A soft cold wind blew in through the window of the library and Xioden shivered slightly, picking a book from the pile on the table before him. His eyes glanced over the title of the book which read “*Tactical advantages of field battle: The Battle of Medina”*. He pursed his lips, trying to recall if he had ever heard about a city called Medina when he heard a short set of knocks on the library door.

“My lord?” a familiar voice called from the other side and Xioden narrowed his eyes, turning his head to face the door.

“Is everything alright, Toluk?” he asked.

“Yes, my lord. You have a visitor wishing to see you,” came the answer.

Xioden glanced at Arissa and tilted his head towards the door. The petite woman curtsied before walking up to the door. She opened the door and behind it was one of the male attendants of a certain prince he had been trying to avoid. The same prince that now stood behind Toluk. Even in the partial shadow of the hallway, he could still see the gleam of the jewellery his friend had worn.

“Ah. Jonshu…” Xioden said, closing the book slowly.

Jonshu stepped out from behind his attendant, dressed in a light green shirt, white pants and  white shoes that had been designed with golden outlines at the edges. Around his neck were golden necklaces of varying design, obscured partially by his shirt. Xioden narrowed his eyes when he noticed the earrings his friend was also wearing before giving the prince a questioning look.

“I was stepping out, Xio… Figured I might as well dress to impress,” Jonshu said smoothly before taking the seat opposite him.

“To impress me?” Xioden asked, his brow raised in confusion.

“Not at all, friend,” Jonshu said, waving his hand dismissively, “The princesses are having a ball in Diamond Fields. Royals, naturally, are automatically invited.”

“Perhaps, the rest of you. The princesses have no love for me, and you know that,” Xioden replied with a small smile.

“They don’t love anyone, Xio… Don’t take it personally. Most of them feel, and rightfully so, that they are generally neglected by, well, everyone. And they are not wrong.”

“They aren’t?”

Xioden watched as Jonshu frowned briefly before snapping his head to face his servant.

“Arissa, I believe?”

“Yessir,” she answered, dropping to her knees.

“Pray, tell… What do you know about the princesses?” Jonshu asked.

“Not much, my lord,” Arissa answered pausing briefly. She glanced at Xioden, her expression tentative before adding, “No one really talks about them, save the fact that they are always in Diamond Fields, and they throw parties all the time.”

“I swear, Xio… I worry about you. You’ve been here for years now and you still close your eyes to the social construct of the city you’re trying to rule,” Jonshu said.

“I figured I can care when I actually get the throne. *If* I get the throne,” Xioden replied, running a hand through his hair.

He let out an exhale, stretching his body as he did so. He rubbed his neck gently, releasing the tension that had built over the hours he had spent reading. Jonshu was still looking at him intently and he knew but didn’t say anything to break the silence. His glance shifted to Arissa and Toluk, both of whom stood quietly to the side, doing their hardest to blend into their surroundings.

“If you’re doubting your claim to the throne, why bother with the tournament?” Jonshu asked in a quiet voice.

Xioden considered the question for a few moments before opening his mouth in response but before he could speak, he paused at the open palm Jonshu had raised.

“Don’t reply. At least, not here. We still need to talk about that night,” Jonshu said, glancing at the two servants in the room.

“Do we have to talk about it? I believe our situation was and still is precarious, to say the least.”

“Yes. But I like to think of you as my best friend. And possibly the only prince in this kingdom that I can relate with. It is my hope that you regard me in the same way. And as a friend, matters of the such shouldn’t be secret.”

“Aye. Nonetheless, it is a cost of the contract. You have your deed to pay to Anubis, and I have mine,” Xioden said, resting his left arm on the table.

He saw as his friend’s eyes widened at the sight of the black cloth covering his arm, a gasp of surprise and concern following shortly after. Jonshu reached forward to touch it. Xioden hadn’t felt his arm itching since before the blackout in the passage and he wasn’t sure if that was something to be happy about.

“When did you get this? Where?” Jonshu asked.

“A few days back. As for the second question, I’m afraid I can’t say where. Not yet, at least,” Xioden replied.

“Not yet? I can assume it’s not bound by your contract then.”

“It’s not. The information is just… delicate.”

“You distrust me?”

“I don’t distrust you but surely you understand the principles of controlling information, especially one that might make you either vulnerable or change people’s perspective of you.”

“Ah, right. Might I ask another question then?” Jonshu asked, rubbing his chin as if to indicate he was in deep thought.

“Go ahead,” Xioden said.

“This new secret… would I be amiss if I said it has something to do with the trip you took to the metalsmiths in the lower districts?” Jonshu asked.

Xioden frowned, his eyes narrowing as he stared at his friend. Several thoughts went through his mind, each with questions as to how Jonshu could have made a connection. He had been careful when he went out, though he knew he was to be the distraction from the actions of Kattus and Farooq. Still, he had taken great care to make his move away from prying eyes.

*How could he know? What does he know?*

“And what would I be doing at the metalsmith? I already have a sword. And I don’t fight with short blades like the assassins of Geashin,” Xioden replied coolly, keeping his gaze on his friend.

“I’m only going to say this once, *He-Who-Wishes-To-Be-King*. Your face gives away a lot of information when you get caught off guard. And to answer your question, I don’t know what you would be doing there. Still, you went and commissioned for something to be built. And you made it more obvious of its importance when you dropped a pouch of gold to silence the man’s words.”

He grimaced as he considered Jonshu’s words.

“The basics of maintaining a lie, Xio, is to pretend it’s not even something worth lying about. If you had given me some floaty tale of why you went to the metalsmith, I might have fallen for that,” Jonshu said.

Xioden held his hand up to stop Jonshu from continuing, glancing at Arissa and Toluk. He locked eyes with his friend who suddenly seemed to remember that they weren’t alone in the room.

“Arissa, you will keep whatever you’ve heard so far to yourself. Is that alright?” Xioden asked his servant and she nodded hurriedly, curtsying as she did so. He heard Jonshu command Toluk to do the same.

“We have wasted enough time as it is, Xioden. Go find something to wear and let’s go socialise. And maybe, if you’re lucky, you will not be sleeping alone tonight,” Jonshu said with a mischievous smile on his face.

\---

The carriage pulled up in front of a mansion in Diamond Fields, stopping as it got close to the bay with the other carriages. As it came to a stop, Xioden couldn't help but think on the last time he had visited the district. It had been when he put his claim forward for the throne. He hadn't returned after that.

The carriage door opened and Jonshu stepped out with Xioden following slowly behind. Unlike his friend, he had gone for something different. He was dressed in a dark red Geashin-style cloak, sewn in a way that fit his frame perfectly, along with a white undershirt and a pair of dark pants. Farooq had nagged him to wear some gold and silver jewelry to go with his outfit but he had argued back that he didn’t want to stand out. Fortunately, Jonshu had been present to talk the man out of the idea.

Xioden wanted to blend in as much as he could. He hadn’t spoken to any of the princesses since he arrived in the city and it was not an activity he particularly looked forward to. Nonetheless, as he walked through the brass and silver-lined doors of the mansion next to Jonshu, he found himself lost in the decor.

The external view of the mansion had the classic twirls of Elemira designs, with tall pillars and engravings design directly into the walls of the mansion but the inside held a different wonder entirely. Past the doors was a large foyer with a small fountain, with clear water coming out its gleaming faucets. The ceiling was high, with golden chandeliers hanging down from it. There were white and gold curtains draped around the windows, wound together as if in a knot.

Down the foyer to his left was a hallway that led to hall. Xioden could hear music coming from there but chose to lounge around the foyer a little while longer. There were framed pictures hung up high on the wall, used as decoration in the foyer. Even as royalty, there was a certain atmosphere within the foyer alone that humbled him.

Jonshu had gone ahead of him, but he didn’t mind. He wasn’t looking forward to socialising at the first instance so the foyer did him fine. That is, until she came in.

As Xioden turned around, marvelling at the foyer’s magnificence, it was the ringing musical tone of glass on ground that drew his attention to a figure on the stairs. His eyes widened slowly as his gaze fell on a woman, dressed in a long black gown that seemed to shimmer in the light of the room. Her hair was dark in colour and long, gathered to drape over her right shoulders exposing the right side of her face. He saw a golden earring glittering in the same manner as the necklace the lady wore, which sat just slightly above her bosom.

She made her way down the stairs slowly, her eyes fixed on him and he could glimpse what he could only guess to be a small smile on her face. It is only then that Xioden became aware of how he had been staring at her. He broke his gaze, shifting his attention to his feet, His ears burned hot with embarrassment as he saw her draw close to him from the corner of his eyes.

“I thought the sons of Nafri don’t cower,” the lady said. Her voice was soft and soothing to his ear and he felt his legs weaken in response.

His mum had always warned him against listening to women who could make his legs weaken, but he never thought it was something that actually happened. And now that he was with the mysterious woman, he could understand why.

*Blasted suns… I need to leave*

“Nafri men...” Xioden began before stopping, as the words caught in his throat. The lady giggled, covering her mouth with a hand and he felt a heat within him that he hadn’t felt before.

“Nafri men are bold when the obstacle before them is surpassable,” he said slowly, licking his lips as he brought his eyes up to meet her gaze. She had

“I am an obstacle, am I?” she asked, her voice wistful. She looked away from him and Xioden felt alarms go off in his mind. He was never quite good at talking to women, especially women who made him feel the way the lady in front of him did. He cleared his throat and replied.

“Yes,” he began, swallowing before continuing, “A great one, to be certain.”

“Oh,” she said, turning to face him. She wasn't smiling anymore.

“A lady with a beauty as great as yours, surely you understand the effect you have on simple men, the effect your very presence bestows upon us,” Xioden said, a small smile pulling at the corner of his lips.

“But you’re a prince, not some stableman or servant,” she replied with a smile in return.

“Aye but in front of you, I’m a simple man, gracious to be worthy of your time and attention.”

“Now you speak all flowery, drawing out pleasantries out of the initial slight you caused me,” she replied. She had closed the distance between them, entering his space till their faces were almost touching.

Xioden faltered, his ears burning and his hands clammy. He considered moving away from her but he was lost in her eyes. They seemed to draw him in, and he was captivated in the intensity of her look.

“If it is a slight I caused, then let my apology convince you. You’re the heaven’s very own beauty, crafted from the blinding light of Kyteka’s rising sun. Your words are like honey, sweet to the soul. Your smile is a grace I never knew I needed and yet, you give it so freely. You are divine, my lady,” Xioden said, in a little more than a whisper.

“Never knew Nafri men could speak so sweet,” she said, smiling wider.

“Then you don’t know Nafri men.”

“Walk with me, Prince Xioden. I would like to spend some more time hearing sweet things,” she said, leaning away from him as she laughed softly. She began walking towards the hall where the music came from and Xioden followed without hesitation.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


A deathly silence followed the darkened sky and the tiny bolts of lightning that streaked across the formed clouds. Thunder boomed with each streak, deafening and loud, growing in intensity. The crowd cowered in fear with many crouching in an effort to shield themselves from whatever might come from the sky.

Narrowing his eyes, Roedran gritted his teeth as he felt his skin crawl. The numerous markings underneath his clothes began to sting in a familiar manner, that told him that he was in the presence of a massive amount of magic. He found himself at the edge of his seat with sweat glistening on his face.

A chorus of gasps rushed through the crowd as the streaks of lightning began to solidify into the shape of a clear blue hand. The forming hand was reaching towards the forest where the princes were fighting. The hand shone and shimmered with lightning running up and down the length and breadth of the now visible arm.

Roedran got to his feet and stomped towards the exit of the balcony he had been placed in. Grimacing, he walked through the door without waiting for his guards to surround him. Walking down the stairs in haste, he cursed the princes for causing him to accelerate his plans.

*They will not take this from me. They will not dare…*

The thoughts floated around his mind as he exited the arena. His personal guards, in their red and gold breastplate, all rushed towards him. He waved them to ready his carriage and they scurried to obey. From where he stood, the darkened sky was still visible and growing. Soon enough, it covered the golden city and more streaks of lightning travelled through the clouds before raining down on the city.

\---

Osun cradled Hecate as her friend muttered and shook feverishly. Sindel had disappeared behind the curtains once more to get a fresh new bucket of cold water. The original bucket had been emptied on account of her friend’s skin evaporating the water as soon as it touched her skin. The shivering woman still felt cool to touch and Osun had an idea of what was happening but she kept her focus on ensuring her friend was cared for.

Placing a hand on Hecate’s cheek, Osun began to sing softly to the woman, moving her fingers in a caressing motion. She so desperately wished she still retained some of her powers if only for a brief moment. It was one of the few times such a wish bubbled up to the surface.

Ever since she had given away her divinity for a chance at escaping fading into the black, she had forced herself to get accustomed to treating wounds and ailments with herbs and her extensive knowledge and experience at mixing and concocting potions that helped. And even then, she was aware that the technology at her disposal was woefully primitive to what she had used in the past.

She had healed entire tribes and nations with a thought, brought back scores of women from near death and even enchanted a spring to act as a healing lake for her true worshippers. Her powers were never as strong as the head of her pantheon, but she had been a god nonetheless. And a *god* is powerful.

*If only I could… Damn you, Zeus.*

At least, that had been the only name to leave her friend’s mouth. She had frowned briefly at that before smoothing her face. Sindel had looked at her master in confusion and Osun had explained it away as an effect of delirium. She wasn’t fully convinced the woman believed her but it worked enough to keep her away from asking more questions.

Still, she couldn’t help but think about the name she called. She had encountered Zeus a few times in her immortal life. A pompous god with a penchant for the occasional debauchery, no different from the other pantheon leads. While more victorious than her pantheon head, evidenced by her leader’s fade into the void, it was clear to anyone still around that he had lost a lot of his power.

The god had created a new pantheon out of the ashes, incorporating the other deities in an effort to avoid a repeat of the Divine war. It was then Osun and a few others had decided to forfeit their divinity. With the population of the world severely cut, Osun knew that the first casualties would be the lesser gods. And the idea of fading wasn’t something she entertained.

*Still… What are you doing Zeus? Why did she call your name?* She thought worryingly to herself.

The soft sound of Sindel running through the curtain made her snap back to the present. She frowned as she looked at the woman who had returned empty-handed. She opened her mouth to speak but held her words as the woman went around her and Hecate to open the door to the house.

Osun caught the faint sight of a barrier-breaking in the form of faint green lines along the trimmings of the door snapping. For a brief moment, she caught the position where the line connected to the walls of the house. She didn’t have time to think about it when thunder boomed through the air and shook the ground she was on.

A yelp escaped her and she hugged Hecate tighter.

The air felt heavy with expectation. She pulled her friend farther away from the door and managed to set her to rest on the opposite wall when thunder boomed again. Osun braced herself, casting a glance towards the door only to find it swinging ajar with Sindel absent.

“Sindel?” she shouted.

No reply.

“Sindel? Where are you?” she shouted again. She made to move for the door but stopped to look back at her friend.

Thunder boomed and this time, a crackling sound followed it. A sound similar to what she had heard whenever the thunder god chose to strike. The same sound that killed one of her pantheon heads.

Osun gritted her teeth and darted towards the door. She slammed it shut and the sound of thunder and lightning ceased almost instantly. She saw the faint green line reconnect itself to the line on the wall and she knew that the barrier had been reestablished.

She wasn’t sure why he was exhibiting as much power as he did but she couldn’t shake the feeling that the prince she had chased to Elemira was the reason. After all, Anubis had reported something off with the man from the beginning. She remembered an old saying from an elderly woman she once helped pass to the afterlife.

*“Once is a coincidence. Twice is a pattern. Three times paints a true picture.”*

It was a fancy way of attributing occurrences to destiny but it held true. Something was amiss and she would find out what.

Exhaling heavily, she checked on Hecate once more before walking through the curtains to find the necessities she required to take care of her.

\---

The first couple of lightning strikes had missed him completely. Instead, they had scorched the earth and set fire to some of the trees around him. Still, Xioden was darting from hiding place to hiding place, intent on escaping whatever fresh hell descending from the skies. In the beginning, he had attributed it to one of Arsa’s final tricks.

That is until the hand began to form and a thunderbolt solidifying in his grip.

A streak of lightning flashed meters away from him with a thundering sound following suit. He winced and pressed his back further into the shade of the tree he was standing under. From the little he had learnt in his years, he hoped the tree would sufficiently ground a lightning blast from a god.

His hands shaking with the effort to remain calm, he tried to reload the weapon. He could hear a voice in his mind berating him and calling him an idiot for thinking a gun could face off against a literal god but he continued the process. He slid open the barrel, poured some black sand into it, though a lot spilled over the weapon. And then he placed another metal ball in the chamber before sliding shut the barrel.

Sweat dripped from his face. He shivered. He counted five seconds before darting to the next tree in front of him. Before he could reach it, he heard the sound of grass crushing under boots and turned in time to dodge a horizontal cut from Arsa. he ducked under the sword and moved away from the prince.

Lightning flashed close by but with his eyes fixated on the first prince, he only saw the temporary brightness illuminating Arsa’s face. There was a strain in his eyes that wasn’t visible before. The prince still had the irritated look he maintained for all those he saw as lesser than him which, to Xioden’s knowledge, was all the other princes.

Letting out a breath, Xioden focused his attention on the prince. He had lost his sword in his fight with Marlyn and had to flee to escape the first lightning strike that hit the spot he had been laying. He considered using his body to stop the blade but quickly dismissed the idea. While his skin was tough, he wasn’t sure he wanted to be that familiar with the prince’s blade.

Arsa leapt forward with an attack and Xioden dodged it smoothly. He still had the gun in hand but opted to wait for an optimum chance to use it. He knew if he missed his shot, he would lose to the prince’s blade in a heartbeat.

The first prince pressed on the attack but missed him with every opportunity. He could see the obvious difference in skill and could see how he would have lost in a sword fight with him. Instead, he found himself incredibly grateful to the trees he used to dance around the other man’s attack.

Black smoke travelled through the trees from the fire and Xioden coughed before moving away from another slash. He moved slowly so the sword caught him on his left shoulder and pain shocked through him. He gasped as he hastily moved to another tree. A glance at his wound told him he was bleeding, though the cut had been little.

*What in the…*

He looked at the prince’s sword and saw a single streak of lightning travel through it. He grimaced. Arsa readied himself to jump again when a thunderous voice filled the space, forcing everyone to their knees except Arsa who only grunted.

“You shouldn’t have that weapon, son of Murena!”

Xioden gritted his teeth as the words made him shake.

*He knows. Kyteka, help me… He knows. Thanatos…* He killed the thought before it went further.

Arsa walked towards him, his eyes darting to the gun and then back to him. They locked eyes for a few seconds, the sounds of burning trees crackling through the air.

“The weapon is death. And as you have chosen it, so will you get!” Zeus said, his voice booming from the clouds.

He found his gaze travelling up towards the hand holding a lightning bolt the size of a noble house. He watched as the hand drew back in a readying motion to hurl the lightning at him. Xioden swallowed and returned his eyes to Arsa. He was staring death in the face and he couldn’t quite see a way out.

His arm began to itch uncontrollably and he dropped the gun from the pain. The first prince’s eyes rested on the weapon and began to inch towards it.

“Run. Arsa, run. You won’t survive the strike,” Xioden said hurriedly.

“You already saw what happens. I’m immune to all his attacks. I’m going to kill you. And then, I’ll clean house with the bodies of the rest. I am going to be king, step-*brother*. To think you’d gift me the swiftest win. It is humorous,” Arsa replied in return.

“How about this then… You use your weapon against me. And I’ll use mine against you. Whoever downs the other, wins,” he suggested.

“Not interested. I saw how you killed Marlyn with it. Distance favours you, and I don’t plan to let you get the advantage.”

The first prince waved his sword, releasing an arc of bright energy towards the weapon, blasting it farther away from Xioden’s hand. He cursed and dove for the weapon just as Arsa moved to attack him. The sword came down in an arc towards him and he raised his left hand instinctively to block it.

He felt his fingers touch the butt of the weapon as he grabbed the prince’s blade with his other hand. A wave of pain coursed through him freezing his limbs in place. The pain seemed to intensify as with each passing second but he couldn’t move. He heard a scream in the air between them that he attributed to himself.

With his eyes still open, he watched as the god’s hand in the motion of throwing the bolt towards his location. Frozen in place, he couldn’t help but lament at his predicament.

\---

Teyvon ran through the trees as cautiously as he could. His mana well wasn’t back to full or as close as to what he wanted to recover but he had changed tactics as soon as the sky had darkened. The meditative state he placed himself in had been broken when the first streaks of lightning struck the trees close to him.

It had been as sudden for him as it had been for his stalker who had, in an effort to escape the lightning, jumped towards the traps he had placed around him. The man hadn’t even had time to scream when he got impaled by ice spears. Teyvon had ignored the gruesome death and the accompanying blood splatter as he hastily moved to away from his spot and under a tree.

More streaks of lightning flashed in the distance and across the sky, accompanied by thunder. He grimaced before moving to another tree.

*Bloody Arsa. Favoured bloody son among the gods. So much so, they’ve gifted him this much power. I will end him, Roedran. I will end him and I will end you.*

Shifting his spear to his other hand, he tried to trace the origin of the phenomenon above but the trees obscured his viewing and any thoughts of going out into the open plain to get a better view was swiftly discarded from his mind. The trees offered little protection and he would rather guess his way than increase the risk of his death.

As he contemplated his choices, he heard a whirring sound come from the other side of the forest, followed by the sound of trees falling over. Peering through the forest, he saw a figure walking towards northwards in a drone-like manner with a storm of wind swirling violently around him.

Lightning struck the storm and Teyvon let out a breath as the lightning appeared to dance around the storm. A few times, the figure in the middle of the storm was struck by lightning but apart from jostling the figure, the man kept walking northwards.

He couldn’t make out the face of the man in the storm but he knew what was happening to the man. Or rather, he had heard of something similar. It was a consequence of magic especially if the gift was bestowed by a benefactor. His teachers had explained that certain spells had to be carefully handled to avoid the spells taking control over the caster.

They explained that certain spells could only sustain themselves by feeding off the magic of the caster. And if the caster invokes the spell by feeding it a large part of their mana, the spell will require the same amount of mana to persist. By his estimation, Teyvon guessed the prince had invoked his divine gift and poured far too much into it.

*And now, you’re nothing but a corpse at the behest of your own spell. Tragic.*

Not wanting to be caught by the wind storm, Teyvon ran ahead through the forest as cautiously as he could. The crowd that had been cheering and whooping were now quiet. As he ran, he heard the silence break into a chorus of gasps and cries of horror. Glancing at the sky, he saw the sky parting slightly. He wasn’t certain of what was coming out of it, but he increased his pace nonetheless.

Lightning struck an area behind him and the tree caught fire. Teyvon cursed before turning his attention forward. He wanted to be as far ahead as he could before the wind storm caught the flames and magnified it. The simple deathmatch had turned into something else and he couldn’t wait to put an end to it.

As a tangent to his destruction of the kingdom that took everything he loved away from him, he planned to put an end to the barbaric practice of pitting family members against each other, no matter the type of family tie. If he knew that any of the princes were related to him in any form, he would have stepped out of the tournament and planned his succession to the foreign throne in a different way.

*Nonetheless, I’m here to win. And that I will,* he thought to himself as he flitted through the trees.

Suddenly, he stopped as another streak of lightning hit a tree ahead of him. Thunder followed seconds after but it wasn’t what had stopped him from moving. Ahead of him, slightly hidden by the trees, was the first prince of the kingdom towering over another prince with his sword held high.

Allowing himself a smile, Teyvon hefted his spear over his shoulder. Drawing from the last of his mana, he cast a small ice spell on the tip of the spear as well as a slight rotation for when he threw the spear. He snuck closer to get a better view of the prince, so as not to miss his last chance.

Resting on a nearby tree, for stability as well as to prop him up, he took aim at Arsa. Saying a silent prayer to no one in particular, he threw the spear.

\---

Xioden’s attention shifted between Arsa and the god in the sky constantly as he anticipated which of them would end his life. He thought about the last words he had heard from his mother. He remembered her insistence that he avoid the tournament. He remembered Sera warning him against the tournament. He remembered Jonshu.

Somehow, he could almost feel them shaking their heads at him for failing at what he had staunchly defended. All because he wanted to give his mother a better life that she had gotten. He hadn’t accepted the manner in which the king had dropped his mother after he had his way with her.

As he stared at the sword and the lightning bolt in Zeus’ hand, he wondered why he chose to fight. On a base level, he did want to give his mother a better life and he also did feel like the citizens of Elemira deserved a better king than the mad king. Having lived in the lower districts before he proclaimed his right to the throne, he had seen first hand at the squalor that invested the districts.

Poverty and sickness clung to the inhabitants of the lower district like it was their destiny to live in that manner. The king’s taxes bankrupted lives and had sent many families into homelessness. And with his ascension to the higher districts, the contrast between the qualities of living had been apparent.

But still, as he stared death in the face, he was saddened.

He began to close his eyes to await the inevitable when he heard a familiar whisper in his ears. A deep, cruel voice that shook his mind and made his blood go cold.

*“Open your eyes. Your destiny is about to take form...”*

His eyes snapped open as he gasped for air. A spear was sticking out of Prince Arsa and he noticed an ice shell begin to form around him. Glancing behind him to the sky, he saw the bolt leave Zeus hand and he got enveloped in a flash of white light.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Roedran picked his ears nonchalantly as he sat on his throne, overlooking the room. It had been one of his first requests, to ensure his throne was elevated enough that he could see everyone in the room without having to stand. He was the only person sitting on the raised platform with his attendants standing at each side of the stairs that led to the throne.

He had also made sure to go about decorating the throne room in a much different manner than that of his father, swapping out the deep blue curtains his father had used to a bright gold that fell from the ceiling.

He grimaced slightly at the thought of his father, before smiling ruefully. He had truly despised his the man though he still sat by him on his deathbed.

*Well, I had to make sure he died*, *after all*, he thought before chuckling.

All the heads in the room, seated around the long table placed in the room swivelled to look at him and it made him start laughing. Their expressions shifted from surprise to fear to worry almost in a cyclical way and it amused him greatly. He knew they were probably wondering if he was giving in to the madness that had been ascribed to him. He had heard the whispers and the rumours, and though none of them had been brave enough to even utter the phrase in his presence, he knew what he was called.

*The Mad King*.

“Your Highness, does… something amuse you?” a voice called from the table and Roedran located the speaker. One of his loyal servants, a nobleman of House Smythe.

“Everything amuses me, Baron Ludwick. You should understand that by now,” Roedran replied, looking at the man who seemed to pale in response.

“Apologies, your highness,” came the quiet response.

“Apologies do nothing for me, Ludwick but I’ll allow it. Tell me, what do you think about me running the tournament while I’m still alive?” he asked.

He watched as the baron’s face snapped back to him and then to another sitting across from him. Roedran noted that but remained quiet till the man spoke.

“Not sure, sire…” Baron Ludwick replied.

“Oh, but you are. Don’t be shy. You’re in a safe place, so speak your mind,” he said.

The baron looked at another noble on the table but they also looked away from him, as if to let him know that he was on his own. The action made Roedran smile. He knew how they liked to pretend that he was cruel and mad but they weren’t so different from him. From the shadowspawn he had employed into his service, he had kept tabs on all of them. And they schemed far more than he ever did before he got the throne.

He had called a gathering of his loyalists, the nobles who had sworn to him and given their all to his rule. He wanted to let them in on his plan and to see what they thought of it, not that they had any choice in the matter. His rule was absolute but he loved seeing dissension every now and then.

“Any of you want to take a guess?” Roedran asked, directing the question to the others on the table.

The silence remained as the 13 nobles he had gathered made a show to not look at each other. After a few seconds, he glanced to one of his retainers kneeling next to the pillar closest to him. The young man looked up at him, his eyes glazed over and stood to speak.

“It is because the king has outgrown the throne,” the retainer said in a monotone voice that carried across the room.

The suddenness of his voice, as well as the strangeness of it, startled the occupants of the table and it pleased Roedran a lot. With the startle, came the shock as each of them thought about what his retainer had said. Roedran could tell from the expressions they were now exhibiting. They were mentally asking themselves questions that they knew they couldn’t answer unless they voiced them.

“My king, what does this mean?” a voice asked.

His gaze swept across the room, resting on a petite woman dressed in a white dress with deep orange highlights and designs on the dress. She also wore a scarf which draped her neck once, before laying across her bosom. Lady Kana of House Claren had succeeded her father as the head of her house after the man had perished of old age. Roedran tilted his head towards her, as if in acknowledgement before speaking.

“It is as the young man has said. I have outgrown the throne,” he replied.

“Does it mean you plan to... step down?” the noble next to Lady Kana asked, tentatively.

“Perhaps, but only to the winner of the tournament, Thomas. It’s the only way I want it to work, though I care not for who wins,” he replied.

“Might we know why, my king? For what reason would you leave the throne for?” Baron Ludwick asked.

“I have my sights set on something higher. Something grander. And for me to achieve that, I will need to leave the throne for a short while,” he said.

“So you mean to return?” Lord Thomas, of House Sengh, asked.

“Aye. The throne is mine till death after all,” he said, answering.

“What would happen to the prince on the throne then?” another of the nobles asked.

“The same action as he enacted upon his brethren. Death. I hold no love for any of them, not even the ones born of the former Queen,” he said, sneering.

The hall returned back into silence as they all considered what he had said. It wasn’t the reason for why he had called them but it was something he wanted them to know. It was something he needed them to know because he planned to use them as his pawns more directly than before.

“It is not why I called this gathering, however. I called you all here because I wish to do something I haven’t done in a while,” he said.

“And what will that be, your highness?” Lady Kana asked and he smiled before replying with a single word.

“War.”

\---

Teyvon lunged forward with his spear before pulling it back and spinning it with his right hand. He transferred the spear from his right to his left, still spinning it behind his back and lunged again, this time faster. As he reached the extent of his lunge, he let the magic within him flow through his arm, as he focused on manifesting the image he had formed in his mind.

A chill descended in the air, condensing in a light blue aura around his spear. He waved his spear around once more, spinning it and making more lunges towards his invisible opponent. He used both arms as a strength thrust at occasions but focused more on extending his range with a single grip. He knew that if anyone was watching him, they would imagine his movements to be similar to a dance and they would be right. It was the deadliest dance there was. And perhaps the only saving grace he had.

He brought the spear back to his body before making a circular horizontal swipe in the air. As he spun and twirled, moving deftly on the floor, the aura around the spear began to move. It made trails in the air as he swiped, and lunged and spun. It continued to gather at the tip as Teyvon was reaching the culmination of the serpent’s dance he had spent his formative years mastering.

Teyvon’s eyes narrowed as he aimed at a spot in the wall opposite him in the distance. He spun the spear once more in a defensive arc, imagining the attack that would fall aimlessly against the spinning wood. He finished the spin, moved a half-step towards the wall and made a thrust with an arm. As his arm got to the extent of his reach, the aura hardened into ice and shot from the tip of the spear like an arrow and embedded itself in the spot he had aimed at.

He relaxed, breathing heavily as he brought the spear to rest on the floor. The aura had dissipated from the top and he felt his energy spent by the practice. The last lunge always took a lot from him.

*Then again, perhaps it’s the magic that tires me so,*  he thought grimly to himself.

“Excellent form, my lord. Your venom is much sharper,” a voice called from behind him.

He turned to face a dark-haired man with a well-groomed beard and moustache, dressed in dark blue waistcoat and pants. Underneath the waistcoat was a cream-coloured shirt that had been buttoned all the way up to the man’s neck. The man stood a hair taller than him and was much muscular in build, and yet he knew the man would serve him forever if needed. The man was his mentor, trainer and perhaps the only real friend he had in the city.

Teyvon sighed, nodding curtly before dropping the spear to the floor. His mentor, the man standing next to the door, nodded back but kept quiet. The prince walked quietly to where a servant knelt, offering a towel for his use.

“I spend far too much time spinning the spear than I think is necessary, Jori. I fear it won’t be of use in this tournament,” Teyvon said quietly after a few seconds as he wiped the sweat off his body.

“The spins are part of the serpent’s dance, pulling your opponent into step with you. The spin’s purpose is to unnerve, to bait them into attacking. Which forms the defence by which you strike back,” Jori answered, his deep voice carrying through the training all.

“So you say. If I had perhaps, used it in an actual fight… one in which my life mattered, I’d feel the same as you do. The others, my *brothers*,” Teyvon spat out the last word bitterly before continuing, “have all had time to practice and appease their gods for help. And their gods have answered. What chance do I have?”

Teyvon threw the towel at the servant in anger as he marched out of the training room. He had no destination in mind but it didn’t stop him from moving. He kept walking till he found himself standing in the garden behind the house his father had gifted him. He felt the anger in him growing as he thought back to his past. He wanted to scream but instead, closed his eyes and practised the breathing techniques Jori had taught him.

Unlike the other princes, he wasn’t born of the mad king. He was the son of a different king, now dead at the hands of the one who had captured him and taken him as appeasement. A prisoner of war. He remembered being dragged away from his mother even as the mad king had impaled his father to his throne. He remembered her shouting, just before he dragged past the doors to the throne room. He remembered the sudden silence as her scream was cut short.

He breathed in and out, steadying himself and refocusing on the one thing he could do. He had to win. For the sake of the revenge burning in his heart, he had to win. He opened his eyes as he exhaled out in the open air. The sun was beginning to set.

“Are you calm, my lord?” he heard Jori’s voice behind him.

“As calm as I can be.”

“Aye… I understand some of what might be feeling. I did fight in the war too. I am just as focused on you winning as our desires align and point to the throne. I promise you, you are ready.”

“Without a god?”

“Without a god. These princes, they focus on getting a patron. Their skills pale in comparison to yours. Besides, you’ve got magic. And from the little I’ve gleaned off the rumours in the streets, a blessing from their gods is akin to having magic. But they are new at this, you are a practised mage. Take some pride in that.”

“What if their god chooses to interfere?”

“The gods don’t. They have destroyed the world once. They won’t be so keen to repeat such an act again, I think.”

“What we think is not what they’d do. They would easily let a whole nation fail.”

Teyvon exhaled again and smiled ruefully, turning to look at his mentor and trainer. He gave a small bow before speaking.

“Nonetheless, you’re right about the gods. They won’t destroy the world again. They are far too weak for that,” he said as he walked past his mentor, “Send a servant to my room. I have a date with one of the king’s princesses.”

\---

The throne room as in disarray as the nobles and his advisers argued tirelessly about the merits and demerits of his claim to war. Roedran took some comfort in the scene, holding a goblet of wine in his hand which he twirled in silence. He found it particularly entertaining that some of the nobles who schemed against him were supporting his idea to go to war. He knew their intentions by the folly they exhibited in front of him.

*They will start a rebellion in my supposed absence and claim it is due to my irresponsibility,* he mused.

Nonetheless, he found himself more interested in the intensity with which they argued without knowing the nation he was considering attacking. Roedran maintained his silence and watched.

The nobles were dressed in the bright colours of their houses. When he had ascended the throne, he had elevated the families that supported him financially and in other ways during his own tournament period. There had been seven families that backed him, and with them, he began the nobility system, gifting them lands and gold and status. The men, women and families who supported his father weren’t lucky.

He had clothed his nobles in the colours of the rainbow and declared that every new noble house would be raised on recommendations from them. The seven noble families could nominate other families to be raised in rank, and if he wished to grant the new family such a status, the family would be draped in a variation of the nobles that put their name forward. And as such, his throne room was now filled with shades of colour, all arguing and shouting over each other.

He drained his goblet before throwing it onto the table of nobles. And just as the goblet hit the table, he clenched his fist and a loud ringing sound emanated from the hit. The sound made everyone in the hall flinch with cries of panic as they covered their ears.

“Quiet!” Roedran said coldly.

The hall fell silent as they all turned their heads towards him. He watched as their expressions changed as if suddenly remembering that they were arguing in his presence.

“Now… you have all been arguing about the merits of the war, but you haven’t asked which nation I plan to fight. Lord Rukus asked why and before I could give him an answer, Lady Marie interrupted,” he said calmly.

As he spoke, he locked eyes with the lord and lady he mentioned and they bowed their heads in embarrassment, breaking his gaze.

“I don’t like being interrupted. It ranks slightly higher on the list, above being asked why I choose to do what I want to do.”

Roedran rose from his throne and walked down the stairs slowly. He cast a sweeping gaze across the room. No one seemed to move as he walked to the table and placed both hands on it. The nobles that had been standing quietly took their seats. The air felt tense and it made Roedran smile.

“I am king. My word is law. My wants should be your wants. My desires should be your desires. If you think I’m wrong, this will be your time to speak up.”

He let his words linger in the already charged air, taking time to look at each of the lords and ladies at the table. None seemed to be able to hold his gaze more than a couple seconds save the lord of House Meckler, who maintained his gaze for a minute more before eventually looking away.

*He’s not so different from his son. Breaking them will be enjoyable yet*, the king thought.

“Now that your attention is mine, I shall let you in on my plans,” he said, his voice just a little bit higher than a whisper.

“I have learnt that a certain Nafri king is making a play for more power by attacking another. If he succeeds, he will probably turn his gaze either towards us or towards the forsaken lands. If he’s a smart man, he would do the latter. In any case, I have offered his target an alliance.”

The door to the throne room opened and a small squeamish man walked in, kneeling a few feet from the table. He was dressed in what Roedran assumed passed for formal wear in his nation.

The man was balding, evident by the sparseness of hair in the middle of his head. He was wearing a jacket, long but not like anything in Elemira. Underneath the jacket was a white shirt, adorned with buttons lined vertically across the shirt. There was a small blue cloth, tied around the man’s neck, underneath the lapels of the shirt.

“Your majesty, it is my esteemed pleasure to be in your presence once again. I have come with glad tidings from my lord, the great king of Iresha, along with three chests of gold and silver and a few dozen women for the king’s harem. My lord was extremely pleased with your suggestion and wishes to confirm an alliance with you,” the messenger spoke, raising his voice to project across the room.

Roedran looked at the man before focusing on the scroll in his hands. And then, the king smiled.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Diamond Fields stood quiet in the afternoon sun, the only sounds being that of the King’s guards as they marched around the district in constant watch for danger. The insects buzzed around noisily, taking time to move between the fields and vineyards as they carried seeds around the districts. Birds chirped their tired noise, hiding under the shade of any tree they could find to get away from the heat of the day. It was this same heat that woke Xioden up, a single ray of sunlight piercing through the open slit of the window and onto his face.

He blinked lazily, washing away the sleep from his eyes. He felt heavier than usual, before realizing that he was laying on a bed that didn’t belong to him. The realisation removed the last traces of sleep from him. He licked his lips, trying to recall the night before but failed in the futile process. He glanced around before jerking up in a start as he noticed he was naked under the covers. More importantly, it became clear he was not alone.

There was a woman draped over him, her chest rising and falling softly as she continued sleeping despite his movement. He grimaced, pain rocking his head and he brought up a hand to cradle it whilst cursing quietly under his breath. He watched the woman sleep a few minutes more before gently moving away from underneath her body.

He sat on the side of the bed, still cradling his head as he tried to remember the events of the night before. The memories came back to him a haze. He remembered speaking to a few of the nobles, of House Janaya, House Forthen and as well as a few barons. He had an odd recollection of speaking to another of the princes, but he couldn’t quite remember what their conversation was about.

After all that, his memories went blank as he struggled to recall what had happened following the conversation with the prince. Eventually, he gave up on the trying to remember and instead chose to return his attention to his immediate surroundings. Catching sight of the jacket he wore to the party as well as his pants, he hastily dressed up. The room was in a state, with goblets of drinks littered around the floor and some of the bed-covers strewn on the floor. There were trays to the side of the bed, with food uneaten. Flies buzzed around over it and the sight only made him more unsteady.

His eyes rested on the door exiting the room and he sighed before taking one last look at the woman. Judging by the shine of her golden hair and the dress which was on the floor next to her side of the bed, Xioden could only assume she had been a noble herself, or more worrying, a daughter born in one of the seven noble houses. He didn’t want to think of how that could affect him so he glanced away and exited the room.

Xioden came into a hallway shrouded in a soft shadow which was interspersed with instances of light coming through the hollowed out sections of the wall. As he inspected his surroundings, he could tell he was still in the princesses’ mansion which made him frown as he glanced back towards the room. He hoped he hadn’t mistakenly slept with a step-sister he didn’t know about.

He shook his head violently, banishing the thought from his mind as he walked further away from the room. It wasn’t a thought he could entertain in any form, especially not this close to the tournament. His mother had warned him about this. He never thought it would happen to him. He hoped it wasn’t the case. He knew he wouldn’t be able to live it down if it were true, especially not with Jonshu bent on teasing him whenever the prince could.

*Speaking of which, where is that blasted prince?*

He could feel the heat of the sun on his skin. The caressing nature of the warmth was such as to remind him of home, of Kyteka.

*The risen sun…*

He had learnt that the seasons in Elemira were different from those of his homeland but he couldn’t help but still see the similarities in it. Back home, Kyteka was the period of sunlight and intense heat, such as to scar the land until it cracked. As such, some of the elders before his time had taken to look to the Sun as a divine deity. Such a belief was popular amongst the village tribes, as the elders upheld such a belief as crucial for survival in the harsh lands.

In Elemira, as he eventually discovered for himself, it was simply the effect of the sun shining down on earth, unfiltered by the clouds in the sky above. This much had been explained by his mother though she forbade him from speaking about it with others back at home. The only real difference was the intensity in which the sun shone. In Nafri, men and women wore less during Kyteka, but in Elemira, the sun was rarely hot enough to demand such a fashion.

*If anything, Kyteka is very cold here, almost like he shuns them and keeps them away from his fire*, he thought to himself.

He paused, chuckling softly to himself for reverting back to his earlier beliefs about the sun. He resumed his walk, turning a corner as he made his way to exit the mansion when he caught the eye of someone. His eyes locked with hers again, though for a short moment before she entered a room and shut the door.

He grimaced at that. He knew he wouldn’t be able to explain what had happened. His memory wasn’t even clear enough for him to say. He waited for a few more moments, staring at the lady’s door before turning away. He hoped Jonshu’s carriage was still around but he had an instinctual feeling that his friend would be absent. As he exited the house, he grimaced before sighing with resignation as his feeling was confirmed true. His friend had left him behind.

*Damn you, Jonshu*.

\---

“It appears you had an interesting night, my lord,” Farooq began as Xioden walked into his house.

“It was fine enough,” came the curt reply as the prince made his way to his bedchambers.

“I reckon it was. There’s a hot bath waiting for you. We’ve been reheating it since about an hour ago for your use, young master. There’s also fresh bread awaiting you for when you are ready. I’ve set it up in the library,” Farooq said and Xioden paused on the stairs.

“Did you know I was going to be returning?” he asked, confusion on his face.

“My intuition, thank you very much,” a familiar voice replied in returned and Xioden’s eyes shifted to his friend who sauntered from the area of the library.

Jonshu smiled at him and he only shook his head before continuing up the stairs to his room. He heard a soft laugh behind him but made no attempt to listen to whatever else his friend had to say to him. He found that he was slightly offended that Jonshu had left him behind in such a dangerous place by himself. He was more annoyed that the princess had seen him scurrying out of the building.

*Damn you, Jonshu*, he thought for the second time.

After bathing, Xioden dressed in a light blue tunic and grey pants before exiting his room and making his way down to his library. Just as he got to the bottom of the stairwell, he felt his left arm twitch ever so lightly and he found himself looking towards the door to his house. Without hesitating, he glided towards the door, closing the distance in a few short steps.

“My lord,” said the guard standing outside the door.

“Kattus,” Xioden replied, nodding towards him.

The king’s guard bowed his head before casting a sweeping glance around. Once he was sure he wasn’t being seen, he stepped into the house and Xioden closed the door behind him. It was only then that Xioden noticed the man was holding a small package close to his chest and his eyes widened in surprise for a brief moment.

“It was delivered to me this morning, my lord…” Kattus said quietly before straightening his back and tucking the package underneath his clothing.

“You took ages, Xio. Are we eating or not? I’m starving and I’ve been waiting for you to be done,” Jonshu said, his voice echoing in the hallway leading to the library.

“I come, Jonshu. Give me a few moments,” Xioden replied, glancing back at Kattus and adding in a whisper, “Wait for me in the bakery. Find something to eat while you wait. I’ll send Farooq to you.”

The guard nodded and made his way to the bakery while Xioden turned and continued towards the library.

True to Jonshu’s word, the tray of food still lay untouched on the table in the library, while the other prince simply leafed through a book he had picked up from his collection. The lazy manner in which his friend went through the pages of the book made Xioden smile and shake his head before taking the seat opposite him.

“You’re supposed to actually read it,” he said as he reached for an apple on the tray.

“Aye, but that only applies if I’m actually trying to read,” Jonshu replied, copying the same action.

As Xioden bit into the fruit, he felt a sigh escape him. The kind of sigh that came from the contentment of finally eating something. He hadn’t realized how famished he was until that first bite. They ate quietly in the library, emptying the tray of the bread and fruits Farooq had provided them. After they were done, Toluk retrieved the empty tray from the table and exited the room, leaving the two men alone.

Xioden let the silence drag on for a few more seconds before he opened his mouth to speak but Jonshu beat him to it.

“I left you there because you were having fun, Xio.”

Xioden rubbed his chin, suppressing the slight annoyance that came from what his friend had said. Once he had it under control, he replied in turn.

“Fun or not, you left me in an unfamiliar place, with no ride and no help. I can handle the occasional jeers and teasing from the king’s lackeys but I prefer that to be on my own terms. The way I left Diamond Fields, the way you made me leave… One might have mistaken me for a Hykasa, a ‘*Pleasurer*’ as you call them here,” he said softly.

“That is dramatic, Xio. No one would be brave enough to call you that to your face...”

“Does it have to be to my face for it to spread? Is there any plague known to spread faster than a rumour, Prince Jonshu?”

“Alright… Alright. We had an agreement you would never address me as such,” Jonshu began, raising up his hands in mock surrender, “So, I understand I angered you, *somehow*, but I am sorry. I believed I was doing you a favour. Apparently, I was wrong.”

“If that’s an apology, then the god of lies is my uncle,” Xioden said, suppressing the smile beginning to pull at the corners of his lips.

“There is no god of lies.”

“There used to be.”

“Tragic. Sounds like a good play to be had in that story. I will look into it. If I see enough, I can possibly put together a showing to celebrate your victory at the tournament.”

“Your optimism is appreciated.”

“Of course! Someone has to be the good news bearer between the both of us.”

They laughed quietly as the door to the library opened and Toluk walked in, followed briskly by Farooq. Xioden looked at the old man and then back at Jonshu.

“Farooq? Why not get some bread for Jonshu to take home. Some pastries even, perhaps. Something to remind him of what I have and what he doesn’t have,” Xioden said, smiling mischievously. Farooq raised a brow for a quick moment before smoothening his face and exiting the room.

“That’s evil, even by your standards, Xio… But I’ll take it. Who says no to free food?”

Jonshu got to his feet and his manservant stepped in behind him gently. Xioden got up too though Jonshu waved him back down.

“You don’t have to walk me out. Your house is practically mine after all,” he said with a grin, “That said, I’m interested to know what piece of the weapon Kattus has but I’ll inquire of that at another time. ”

With that Jonshu exited the room, closing the door behind him. Xioden remained sitting, his mind blank from the sudden revelation that Jonshu had dropped on him. By the time he had moved past the shock to get to his feet, his friend was already long gone.

“Young master? Is something the matter?” Farooq said, breaking him out of the trance.

“Quite. Get inside and get Kattus in here too.”

\---

“So you’re saying that Prince Jonshu knows about the weapon?” Kattus asked and Xioden noticed the guard’s hand was resting on the hilt of his sword.

“It would appear so. I haven’t told him anything about the weapon… At least, not that I recall and I’ve been quiet about the mysteries surrounding my arm and the weapon,” Xioden replied, grimacing.

*I really need to learn to lie as he says I should. Kyteka damn you, Jonshu*.

He looked at his chief manservant who simply stood quietly near the table but the old man said nothing. When the Farooq caught his eye, the man shrugged almost as if to say the news made little difference to the plans they had set.

“You have nothing to add, Farooq?” Kattus asked.

“There is nothing to be said, young master. Nothing at all, Kattus. Whether or not Prince Jonshu knows you’ve got a weapon in the works, we already suspected he had spies around from when he mentioned your trip to the metalsmiths. I believe this is nothing to worry about,” the old man replied.

“Shouldn’t we be concerned that our secret movements are being discovered?” he asked, his frown deepening.

“I believe the better question would be, do you really distrust your friend that much, my lord?” Farooq asked.

Xioden rubbed his chin silently as he considered the question. He did trust Jonshu, as surely as he trusted the other men in the room but after the incident with his god, Anubis, he felt their trust was exposed to the attention of a god, one that now bore a hatred for him. He glanced at Farooq and then shifted to Kattus. Both men were regarding him quietly. He did trust Jonshu, he just wasn’t sure if this was a piece of information he wanted his friend to know at this point in time.

“I trust him. I don’t trust the knowledge with him,” Xioden replied after a while.

“Be that as he may, the prince now has the knowledge of a weapon being built but no idea of the weapon itself. I believe that should be enough for you to accept. We have other things to discuss, young master,” Farooq said, looking at Kattus who nodded.

The guard retrieved the small package from underneath his garments and placed the wrapped package on the table. Before Xioden could touch it, Farooq placed two more packages on the table next to it. He hadn’t seen where the man had been hiding it but his attention was more focused on the packages.

They all let it stay wrapped up for a few seconds before Xioden got hold of the ribbon securing the first package. He pulled it off slowly and watched as the wrappings came loose around the two objects. They were rectangular in look and the metal felt cool to his touch. The rectangular pieces seemed to sit on each other and Xioden remembered the drawing they had done when they worked on separating the device. There was a latch mechanism that locked both pieces together, with a small cut at the middle of one of the rectangular metals.

At once, the other men undid the bindings around the other packages and soon enough, began to work on putting the weapon together. The second package held the handle of the weapon. It had been put together with a leather and metal for the grip, with an added half-circle hollow section added to the side of it as well as a flat top covering the top of the handle and extending a bit further on above the half-circle. In the middle of the half-circle was a single latch-like object which was connected to some mechanisms above it.

Xioden held the handle like he had seen in his dreams and pulled gently on the latch. He watched as the delicate sprint mechanism on the flat top of the object sprung forward with a sudden force. The mechanism startled him and the other men so much that he dropped the weapon in shock. After a round of nervous laughter, he picked it up again and pulled on the latch a few more times.

The construction of the handle seemed to match the cut into the rectangular tubing, allowing both objects to slide into each other and click into place. He found the joining to be strong, requiring a bit more effort to separate than it did to put together. After they had joined the objects together, they noticed the top rectangular piece could slide forward a bit, showing a circular hole underneath it. The last object was another rectangular hollow object made in the shape of the handle. But it didn’t seem to fit anywhere, as the handle had no opening for the object.

After testing a few combinations which never matched up with the object, Xioden gave the piece back to Farooq to secure until they can figure out its use on another day. With the assembled piece on the table, the three men leaned away from the weapon and just observed it. And then for the first time in days, his left arm began to itch.

Xioden grabbed it off the table again with a hand and pulled on the latch. The mechanism, now inside the rectangular tubing, sprung forward with a snap and he felt the object jerk slightly in his grip. He remembered his dream and held the weapon with both his hands, using his right to pull on the latch. The weapon felt comfortable in his grip and he found himself enjoying the latch-pull until he remembered what happened in his dream every time someone applied pressure to the object.

“We have the weapon, but no way to shoot metal and fire,” Xioden said irritably, placing the weapon back on the table.

“Oh! I have something more!” Farooq exclaimed, before digging into his pockets to produce a small bag.

Farooq retrieved something from the bag and placed it on the table. In front of him was a small round metal. Xioden reached for it and held it in his palm. His widened as he felt the smoothness of the metal. Remembering the gun on the table, he reached for it and slide the top rectangular casing forward and carefully placed the metal ball inside, before sliding the rectangular casing back into place. The itch began to intensify now and he gritted his teeth in response.

He aimed the mouth of the assembled gun towards the wall of his library and pulled on the latch. The sound of the mechanism inside the tube was louder as metal smacked on metal. The gun jerked backwards violently in his hands and the other men in the room fell to the floor with cries of shock. The itching stopped and he exhaled heavily as if he had been running.

Xioden remained seated, shaking as he carefully placed the gun back to the table. The metal ball had been ejected out of the rectangular tubing with a great force, hitting the wall and falling to the floor. He could feel himself sweating even as the other men slowly peeked to see what had happened.

The door opened with a suddenness that startled the men, but before the prince could hide the weapon, Kattus had already moved with his sword in hand towards the person behind the door. The guard’s sword flashed in the reflected sun as it sped towards the intruder as Farooq cried out.

“Arissa! No!”

The sound of metal on the wall stunned the room to silence until Kattus snarled in anger. Xioden moved first, swiftly jumping to grab the guard as Farooq rushed forward to the servant girl.As Xioden got hold of Kattus, he saw that Arissa had crumpled to the ground, in a puddle of what he could only attribute as having come from her. 

He wrinkled his nose briefly before pulling the guard away from the woman who only shook uncontrollably in response. Kattus made no effort to fight the move, allowing the prince to force him back into the room. Farooq was already kneeling by the woman by the time Xioden had made the guard sit. The old man glanced at him, a worried look crossing his face and he could feel the same question in his mind. 

*What in the blasted sun above just happened?*

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The hours had passed slower than Xioden would have liked but by the evening, they had a rough plan on what to do moving forward. Farooq had gotten some unused parchments to draw on along with an inkwell and a quill. The duty of drawing was relegated to Kattus, as Xioden had quickly found his skills to be inadequate. He had never really drawn anything growing up in Nafri as the tools for such an undertaking were usually more prominent in the cities than the village he lived in with his mother.

As they had worked on understanding what they were looking at, the men had come to the conclusion that the parchment they were looking at was far different from the ones they were used to. The drawing had been done on an object that looked similar to a standard parchment, except lighter and thinly cut, compared to the tools Farooq had retrieved for them.

The drawings had been intricately presented, with measurements ruled along the sides of the weapon’s depiction. He had rummaged through his library to find mathematical scrolls to act as a reference for the measurements and Farooq assisted with that. Together, they had gone through the rows of shelves, retrieving whichever they thought might be relevant for use.

Once they had retrieved all they could, they returned to the table with Kattus and continued their work. Xioden had found the diagram to be fascinating, taking time to admire the beauty of the object, though he pointedly worked on not thinking of the destruction it could cause.

“My lord?” Kattus had said during a short break.

“Hm?”

“The recorded message we saw…” Kattus had begun, glancing briefly at Farooq before continuing, “the man mentioned using a mechanism to construct the weapon. Why don’t we just get that?”

“Do you know what the mechanism is?” Xioden had countered gently.

“No idea, my lord. Just figured it might be faster than having to carefully dissect the diagram before us.”

“Aye. I agree. Unfortunately, not only are we not aware of what the man was talking about, we were immediately beset by one of the creatures. Our attention after that was focused on surviving and escaping. Perhaps if we return, we can locate this thing they use.”

After the brief break, they had continued their work. Copying the image before them, they had carefully separated the sections of the diagrams into two parts initially; the handle and the barrel from which the metal would shoot out from. The other two men had been surprised and appalled by that when he had explained how the weapon worked.

“Young master… this is a weapon of death,” Farooq had exclaimed, moving away from the table in shock.

“That it is, Farooq. It’s what my patron wants. I believe the choice is not really with me at the moment,” he had replied grimly.

Kattus had simply stared at the diagram anew as if he was just seeing it for the first time. The atmosphere in the room had changed after that.

While Xioden and Farooq worked on distinguishing between the parts and understanding the dimensions, Kattus had been the one to draw a copy the diagram onto the blank parchments. Kattus had drawn each section on different parchments, for easy distribution to the vendors they would need. The two initial parchments had turned into three which then become more, with some extra notes on the side. It was only after they were satisfied and spent that they noticed the sun had set.

“Terribly unsurprising that deciphering the work of the old world has taken the day from us,” Kattus said with a sigh as he stretched.

“Might have taken the scribes a shorter period, I think,” Xioden said, replying to Kattus before yawning.

“We still have some work left, young master,” Farooq said before getting to his feet and adding, “But that can wait till you both are fed.”

The chief manservant nodded towards the empty tray of food that was on the floor, just underneath the table. Xioden glanced at it before nodding amicably.

“More of the same? Or actual dinner?” Xioden asked.

“It’s far past the time for dinner, young master… Nonetheless, I’m sure the cooks will have some meat lying about with some bread and cheese.”

“And wine? I think wine would be sufficient enough for me to continue,” Kattus said, glancing at both the prince and Farooq. Xioden chuckled before nodding in agreement.

“Aye, wine would be good too.”

“Noted. I shall be back in a few minutes,” Farooq replied.

With that, the chief manservant unlocked the door and exited the room. Xioden waited till he heard the room door lock once more before sifting through the parchments to the original. He carefully folded it, placing it back into his inner pockets.

“What will you be doing with the original?” Kattus asked quietly.

“Storing it away. I’m uncertain as to where at the moment, but I plan to lock it far away from wandering eyes.”

“I’d suggest we take it back to the underground passage, but I’m not sure I’m in a hurry to see the *Limuturé* again.”

“Using the name we made up, I see,” Xioden said with a small laugh.

“I believe scribes say all words are made up. I’m only doing as they did,” Kattus replied, smiling.

“There is truth in that, I can admit.”

“Ah well… Say, my lord, you reckon we killed all of them?”

“I doubt. I feel we would have found others if we explored more. To be honest with you, I plan to return once the tournament is over. I believe there is knowledge to be learnt, hidden in the recesses of the passages.”

Xioden watched as the guard’s eyes widened in surprise. He wondered if it was because of his unsaid proclamation of his victory at the tournament though he understood it could easily just be directed at his statement on wanting to return back to the underground passages. The experience still felt different to him, like one of the fever dreams he used to suffer as a child. Still, he was determined to return.

“You’d willingly return?” Kattus asked, surprised.

“Aye. I have my eyes set on it already. I would go with a bigger group this time around. Eliminate some of the risks we encountered.”

There was a brief knock on the door, followed by the sound of keys jangling. Xioden glanced to see Kattus’ hand fall on his sword. The guard wasn’t grabbing it but Xioden knew the man was ready to strike if their visitor was anyone other than Farooq. He tensed up slightly, his eyes fixed on the door. His arm usually itched at moments like this but it was cool.

The door opened and the chief manservant peered from behind it, walking in with a larger tray than the first one that was brought. Kattus removed his hand from the hilt of his sword, getting up to take the tray from Farooq instead. Xioden relaxed, carefully clearing the parchments off the table as Kattus placed the tray down.

“The cooks were still awake and the bakery was testing out some pastries to be put on sale tomorrow. So, I managed to procure a few bits from both,” Farooq said, with a small smile on his face.

Xioden could see some odd looking pastries on the tray, placed next to mutton that looked like it had been freshly roasted over a fire-pit. Next to those, was an assortment of cheese, grapes and some vegetables which he eyed with suspicion.

“Now, now, young master… You haven’t had a balanced diet in a while. You didn’t think I’d forget, did you?”

“I had hoped-”

There was a small sound of chewing that distracted Xioden, pulling his gaze back to the king’s guard who had ripped a piece of the mutton. The man paused when he noticed Xioden and Farooq looking at him before shrugging. He chuckled before joining the man in the small feast laid out before them. Another servant walked in with some goblets and a jug of wine, before excusing themselves. Farooq locked the door after that and the three men enjoyed the short break between mouthfuls and small talk.

\---

“Repeat it one more time so that we are clear on our next steps, Kattus,” Xioden said as he stretched on the chair. He rubbed a hand over his slightly inflated belly and smiled with satisfaction.

The tray had been cleared away from the table, placed on the floor close to the door.

“I’ve got two contacts I can speak to, competitors in all but name. I will give each, some of the parchments to craft. While I’m doing that, Farooq will be giving another set of parchments through his back-channels to a metalsmith, away from prying eyes and ears. And you, my lord, your play will be obvious of them all. You will be taking a public trip of a metalsmith of yours, to craft the last piece and in a week’s time, we return here to put it together,” Kattus said.

“That will only free up a few days to test before the tournament,” Farooq added.

Xioden nodded and looked at the parchment he would be travelling with. To anyone other than those in the room, the drawings on it would seem unnatural or childish even. He wondered if he would ever speak to Jonshu about it before discarding the thought entirely. He and Jonshu hadn’t spoken since the night with his patron god, Anubis.

*In my defense, it has only been two nights since I spoke to him last. I can pretend to still be annoyed*, he thought to himself.

“Farooq, you might need to start yours tonight... “ Xioden said after a while, breaking the silence.

The old man perked up as if he had been deep in thoughts before nodding curtly. Kattus got to his feet and stretched, before reaching for his set of parchments on the table. He bowed slightly to Xioden and then to Farooq before exiting the room. Xioden had opened his mouth to say something but thought against it. They had made their plans and there was nothing more to be said.

As soon as the door closed behind the guard, he saw Farooq move swiftly towards him, taking the now vacant seat.

“I have to ask, young master… When did you become close to Kattus?” Farooq asked.

Xioden looked at the man and then at the door before replying.

“Honestly? Not sure… But after the ordeal we survived in the passageway, I guess I’ve just pulled him close. I wouldn’t be here without him, and I think he would have died without me. Or something of the sort.”

“I understand but I still question the decision. And I don’t entirely trust him. There’s something wrong about it. I can feel it,” Farooq said, narrowing his gaze before getting back to his feet.

Xioden watched as the old man picked up his own set of parchments from the table. The man bowed to him and retrieved the tray they had used to eat, before exiting the library, leaving Xioden alone in the silence of the small room. The candle that had been lit when the sun had set was burning dangerously low, with the tiny flame battling against its limited time. Shadows danced around the room, threatening to consume the light and plunge Xioden into darkness.

Nonetheless, he remained in his seat, looking over the last parchment on the table. The floor was littered with the poor attempts of marking out the details of the original work. He traced his finger aimlessly over the portioned out bit that Kattus had drawn, releasing a sigh. He didn’t quite feel relieved but instead, he could feel an apprehension of the things to come.

The weapon had been a part of the old world and he had seen the devastation one could cause.

In the old world, from his dreams, men and women had traded blows with metal and fire that flew through the air, faster than arrows did. Nowadays, most battles were clashes of iron and steel against each-other. His weapon was going to change the nature of warfare moving forward. Xioden sighed again as the fire danced its last dance. He got to his feet and grabbed the last parchment from the table. He carefully rolled it up and tucked it under his arm before dousing the flame with his fingers.

Darkness flooded the room almost on command but Xioden was already exiting the library. He took one last lazy glance at the room before closing the door, chuckling his eyes tried to make sense of the darkness it was looking at. At a point, he thought he saw a pair of eyes looking back at him but dismissed it and closed the door shut. All he wanted, after everything that had happened, was to sleep. At least, one last peaceful time before events got put into motion.

\---

Mashani breathed with relief as he materialised in the dark of the prince’s library. He thought he had locked eyes with him for a moment but it appeared his fears were unfounded. He was alone and free to carry out the task he had set himself to do. The shadow around him still wove around his cloak but he was free of their pull for the moment. He waited a few more seconds till he could hear the soft sound of the prince in the room above his. He closed his eyes, drawing from the mana source within him then waved a hand in a flourish and a bright flame lit up.

The fire burned whitish blue, bathing the room in instant light but Mashani didn’t flinch away. Instead, he brought his fingers to almost close for a moment, as if squeeze on the flame and the intensity of the light dulled till it burned soft, dancing slowly in his palm. He let his hand fall but the flame floated in place as if held by an invisible candle. He glanced at it briefly and the ball of flame moved in the air till it hovered just above his left shoulder.

Mashani exhaled as the shadows retreated from him almost immediately and he felt lighter on his feet already. He walked to the table that the prince had just been in and looked over the discarded parchments that littered the room. While he was shocked at the state of the room, he had no doubts that it would be back to its tidied state in the morning.

*I just need to find something useful*, he thought to himself as he glanced over the parchments.

He wasn’t quite sure of what the prince and his cohorts had been trying to draw but his instincts told him it was something dangerous. And he agreed. The drawings seemed wrong in a way that he couldn’t quite place.

When he had gotten instructions to look into Prince Xioden, he had considered it to be a political play, an information-gathering mission to gain some advantage on the Nafri man before the upcoming battle but the atmosphere of the library he was in, told him something different. He couldn’t say for certain but he knew something dangerous had been revealed in the room and the parchments were the hints.

He looked over the parchments, turning them around and inspecting the drawings on them. His brow furrowed as he tried to picture what exactly they had been trying to put down but he couldn’t picture anything. He thought about scrying but quickly decided against it. While it was an easy spell to cast, the nature of the room made him extremely cautious and in his line of work, caution was as fine a line between life and death.

Instead, he thought about another spell he could cast. He looked at the parchments a while longer before closing his eyes and regulating his breathing, slowing it down till he was taking seconds between each motion. He felt for the magic within himself once more and drew on it, pulling a bit more from his inner source. He let the energy flow through his body and his senses sharpened. He opened his eyes to the library room which appeared much brighter than it was. He returned his gaze to the parchments before murmuring softly to himself.

*“Make the unseen, seen...”*

And the mana flowing through his body moved up his body till it centered around his eyes.

Mashani frowned, gently extending his hand to the wisps of shadow that now hovered over the discarded parchments in front of him. The wisps seemed to dance around his finger when he got close to it, but never more than a few seconds at a time. There was an odd pull to the wisps, a pull not unlike that of the shadows that grabbed onto him whenever he moved with the shadows. Except the wisps felt different.

He rubbed his chin in confusion for a few moments, trying to understand what he was looking at but no answers came to him. When he had begun looking into the prince, he had quickly uncovered the average nature of the man. There were no rumours or facts in regards to whether the prince had magical ability. Whispers on the training ground spoke highly of his thick skin and excellent swordsmanship but also criticised his tactics in battle. If the man had magic, then he had done extremely well keeping that fact hidden from the numerous eyes and ears of the kingdom.

Mashani looked around the room and he saw the wisps were only ever surrounding the parchments and one of the chairs in the room.

*The prince’s chair,* he thought to himself as his eyes narrowed.

He nodded to himself before gathering a few discarded parchments. He rolled them up and hid them inside the pockets of the cloak he was wearing. Mashani considered informing the king about what he was looking but decided against it for the time. He figured he could revisit it as soon as he had spoken to his client.

The soft sounds of steps alerted him back to where he was and he extinguished the ball of flame. The room was plunged back into darkness and he felt the weight of darkness pulling on him. Without resisting, he let himself succumb to the darkness, sinking into the floor in an instant. The door opened and light flooded the room causing the darkness to retreat. He let himself get dragged him away with it, his mind focused on reporting to his client.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden had visited Jonshu’s house long enough that making his way to his friend’s armoury wasn’t an issue, though he had to backtrack a few times as his distracted thoughts kept leading him astray. And with his friend’s house being the finest looking building in the district, he knew he had to focus long enough to get to where he wanted to.

Jonshu lived in a four storey house, with dark brown roof tiles and walls with an off-white hue that sometimes appeared like a bright yellow when the sun shone at it from certain angles. The entrance to his house was marked by the immaculate garden his servants maintained and the large arch door with a transparent glass implanted into the top of the otherwise wooden door. The door itself was carved with intricate designs, stylised etchings that Xioden had never been able to place and his friend never quite divulged as to how it was done.

Inside the house, was a large hall that covered most of the ground floor, with some a smaller room that held the kitchen. This was where Jonshu usually held his parties and his gambling nights. Xioden had once heard from Jonshu himself that he sometimes let out the hall to be used for weddings for nobles and dignitaries as long as they were willing to either get him an invite to the proceedings or were willing to pay a pretty price for it.

The first floor held the majority of the rooms of the house as Jonshu kept them for his guests whenever they choose to stay over, or if they were drunk from the parties he threw. The second floor held other things, hobbies mostly, though most of the rooms were usually locked shut. Still, there was a small room that held a few assortments of weapons and armour which was where he was headed. The final floor was reserved for Jonshu’s personal chambers and washroom.

After a few minutes, that seemed more like hours to Xioden, he finally walked into his friend’s small armoury. He cast a searching gaze for anything he felt would be of use to him, his eyes going over some axes, a few short swords, a pair of shields and a loose leather shoulder armour that looked like it would protect his shoulders but it left his chest bare. He grimaced at that.

He glanced around once more to confirm the weapons in the room before choosing a short double-edged sword and a round shield that covered the top half of his body. He also took the armour and put it on, content to wear something protective at the very least. The armour reminded him of what some of the warriors back home would wear before they went out to hunt.

*Inefficient as it may be, it can at least protect me from being cut from the shoulder down to the hip. It wouldn’t stop the slash if reversed but that would be for me to worry about. Kyteka take me, my body should be able to stop arrows at least...*

He found a sword belt underneath the axes and fastened it tight on his hip before adding the sword, in its sheath, to the belt. He carefully put on the armour, wearing it over the undershirt that Jonshu had given him to wear. The armour covered both his shoulders, with a leather strap securing holding them tightly together. The strap and the latch on the strap went across the top of his chest, and he found himself pleased at being able to adjust the armour however he wanted.

Xioden strapped the shield to his left hand, over the binding black cloth that Thanatos had apparently used to contain his powers of death. He felt his skin crawl as he remembered his conversation with the god before his house exploded.

*Blasted suns. The sun consume everything!*

He cursed to himself as he made his way out of the room. He made his way down the stairs hurriedly, till he reached the door and exited his friend’s house. As he came out into the sun, realisation dawned on him that he had no transport back towards the arena. He half turned, his mind going back to ask his friend for extra favour when a voice called his name.

“Prince Xioden!”

He turned, frowning at the familiar voice, though he couldn’t seem to place a name to the voice.

As his eyes caught those of the person calling him, he felt his worries dissipate almost instantly. Instead, he felt his heart constrict for a brief moment after which he felt his mood lighten almost as a response to the smile on the woman’s face.

In front of him, sitting in a green carriage, with gold rimming and golden wheels, was the woman he had met at the party. At the wheels was a short bearded man, dressed in a long green overcoat and a top-hat but Xioden only glanced at him before returning his attention to her. The woman that had commanded his attention and his heart.

“Princess…” he began before pausing, suddenly remembering that he didn’t know her name.

*I never got her name. I’m such a fool. She had my attention all through that night and I never got her name…*

“Sera. My name is Sera. Get in and I’ll take you to the arena.”

\---

The ride in the princess’ carriage was nothing like he imagined. Then again, he had never quite thought about getting a ride in the lady’s carriage, on their way to the arena where he will have to fight for his life, in hopes that he could become king. More worrying was the memory that floated back to the surface, the memory of him rushing down the corridor to leave the princess house in the morning. The morning he woke up half-naked, with another woman in the bed and no memory of the night before. He swallowed as he remembered locking eyes with Sera for a brief moment before she disappeared behind a door.

*I half remember the events of the night, to begin with, not to disregard the woman on the bed, but I don’t remember anything. I don’t remember her.*

The memory made him wince and his face felt hot from the embarrassing thought. After a minute or two of silence, he glanced at the princess to find her looking at him quietly. They locked eyes and he noticed she wore a mischievous smile, with her eyes twinkling in the sunlight. He felt his face grow hotter and he looked away out the window. The carriage calmly passed through the houses, and soon enough he was staring at the rubble of his own house. Emotions passed through him, of pain, of worry and of concern.

*Where are you, Farooq? By the sun and moon above, please be well… Please be safe...*

Hearing about Arissa’s death had hurt him just as much as finding out that his house had been destroyed. Still, the heaviness on his heart stemmed from the feeling like he was the one to cause the deaths to his people. The thought bothered him a lot and he found himself scratching at his left arm.

Eventually, the carriage pulled out of the Thorn district, continuing its heading downwards towards the 7th district, where the arena was situated. The streets were littered with the coloured ribbons and the city seemed alive with energy as the city folk filled the streets. Though they all seemed to be going about their activities, albeit hurriedly, he noticed the flow of the city pointed towards the arena.

“Are you nervous?” Sera asked after some time.

“I am… anxious. Princess...” he began, pulling his gaze from the carriage’s window opening and back to her, “...Sera. I’m anxious. This has been a while in the making. I want to be done with it.”

Her eyes seemed to draw him in, and he found himself lost within it. She was dressed in a deep red gown that accentuated her beauty, with a small white shawl around her neck and simple earrings which seemed to make her more pretty in his eyes. Her hair was draped over her shoulders and they seemed to shine in a way that entranced him. Waking dreams of a life with her by his side filled his thoughts and as soon as they came, he banished them with a slight shake of his head. He exhaled and closed his eyes, rubbing his temples

*Keep the fancies away, you fool. There’s a battle to be won.*

“In a rush to die? I didn’t take you as someone so eager to end it. You might as well fall on the short sword you carry,” she said quietly but clearly enough, with no hint of jesting in her voice.

“It is not that I rush to my death. Circumstances have brought me here. My life so far, since entering this city has been pointing me to the arena. And now that I’m this close, it almost feels like I can taste it,” he replied just as quietly.

“Do you believe you will win?”

Xioden stared at her for a moment before breaking his gaze with her and looking away.

“I don’t know. I have to. But to be honest, I am unsure.”

“Surely, your patron will help you secure victory. Surely, the shadows around your bound arm are strong enough to help, aren’t they?”

Xioden could feel his mind screaming at him but he slowly turned to face her, frowning before shifting his attention to his arm and then back at her once more. The only person that had ever spoken about the effects of his arm had been Thanatos.

“What do you know about the arm?” he asked, his voice smooth but cold.

She frowned back, leaning back against the leather couch of her carriage. Her expression was that of someone who didn’t quite understand what he was saying. And for a brief moment, he felt foolish for asking.

“You won’t speak to me that way,” she replied icily.

Xioden gritted his teeth before taking deep breaths to calm himself down. After a few minutes, as they passed through the gates of the rose district, he sighed and looked at her once more.

“What do you know?”

“Not much,” she said, a small smile on her lips before continuing, “I can see small wisps of shadows dancing around your arm. Sometimes they dance wildly, other times, they stick close to the black cloth. Can’t you see it?”

Xioden shook his head, looking at his arm. Sweat rolled down his back, wetting the undershirt he was wearing but he felt cold. He had never thought anyone else would have been able to see anything save for Thanatos. He hadn’t thought that it was possible for someone other than a god to see.

“I can’t see it. I know what it is, and I have made it visible once, *I think*, but never consciously. And never since I saw it last.”

“I am afraid to inquire, but… do you know how to use the blessing of your patron?” she asked, narrowing her eyes. She leaned forward towards him and he smelled her scent.

*Kyteka help me, she smells good.*

“Unfortunately, no. I never practised it,” he said, doing his best to not lean away from her.

The carriage descended back into silence as she regarded him and Xioden tried his best to not meet her eyes, the heat of embarrassment fading, and that of shame rising. Something about the way she looked at him reminded him of how the god had also looked at him upon finding out the same truth.

“With a word, I can turn this carriage around or take it outside the city should you wish. Xioden, you don’t have to fight this battle,” she whispered, casting a nervous glance towards her driver and back to him.

“I have to.”

“Prince Xiod-”

“I have to!” he replied, raising his voice and she shied away from him. He glanced at her and saw fear flash across her face so quickly, he almost believed he dreamt it. He sighed, unclenching the fist he didn’t know he held and exhaled before opening his mouth to speak.

“I apologise for raising my voice but I have to. If only for my mother’s sake. I have to. And as it stands, the decision has been made for me. Backing out is not an option anymore. My destiny is not mine to control anymore.”

“I disagree, Nafri prince. Your destiny is yours and yours alone.”

She gave him a warm smile, touching his left arm softly. She ran her fingers down the bindings, her touch feeling like being wrapped in the finest silk to Xioden. The touch relaxed his nerves and soothed his worries. He found himself more ready for the fight than he had felt in weeks.

“Thank you. But I’m afraid there are forces far beyond me that say different. It appears that we have arrived.”

As he said it, he felt his gaze travel from the base of the arena wall, all the way to the top. He let out a breathless whistle as he estimated the height to be nothing less than 40 feet in height. The arena wall tall in the day’s sun, it’s grey walls showing the dotted and uneven surface even without getting close to it. The wall had 3 rows small slits running horizontally along the wall, the gap no larger than that of an arrow slit. At the bottom of the wall were six large archways, with enough space for half a dozen men standing side by side, that led into the arena, with a space to park carriages in the stables.

*It looked more like a fortress than an arena*, he thought to himself.

The first time he had seen it, he had taken it to be the castle where the king stayed. His naive mind couldn’t quite fathom the king living in anything else. That was before he went up the higher districts. Still, the arena still held the imposing air it had the first time he stood before it. When he was a sellsword, working for Glo Maxima, he had been saving to visit the arena for a gladiator show but never quite got the chance to. Not with the merchant’s movements around the city and outside.

*And now, I get to fight in it and hopefully survive before the day’s out.*

From the angle at which they arrived at the arena, they were stopped in the middle of the arena, with three archways on either side of their viewing. The archways were filled with people trying to squeeze their way into the arena to get the best seats for the fight. The atmosphere was loud and he could hear the shouts of people calling one another and yelling over each other as they pushed their way inside the building. In the middle of the grey bastion, was a smaller door with four knights guarding it. Xioden swallowed.

“That’s your door, isn’t it?” Sera asked in a small voice and he nodded absently, opening the carriage door.

“Are you certain you don’t want to turn back?”

“I’m certain. I have to.”

“Then promise you will return.”

“I promi-”

“No. Look at me and promise me, that you will not give up. That you will fight, win and return. You will not die, not while I’ve taken a fancy with you. Promise me.”

Xioden paused, turning back to look at her and from within, a laugh escaped him. When he saw her cheeks redden, he only laughed harder and he felt the anxiety wash away from him. He exited the carriage and turned back to face the princess.

“I promise, Princess. If my reasons are not enough to keep me alive, then I shall think of you and of this promise, to spur me on.”

“Good. You’re a listening man. That’s a hope I can depend on. Good luck, Prince Xioden. See you soon.”

Xioden nodded and whispered thanks once again before turning his back to the carriage and to her. He tried to regulate his walking to seem confident but not too confident. He knew he was being watched, not just the guards awaiting him but also by the city folk who were milling into the arena like cattle being herded. Shouts and jeers were levied at him as well as praises and support.

He kept walking till he got to the small door with the king’s guards, who sneered at him. He looked at all of them levelly before turning his attention back to the door. One of the guards, a stocky fellow in full armour and a drawn sword spoke in a gravelly voice.

“The other princes are inside. Get in.”

There was an edge to his voice, like that of someone who’s trying to hold his displeasure in but failing to do so. Still, Xioden let the words wash over him as he took a step forward towards the door.

“Hold on, Prince Xioden!” a voice called from behind and he turned to see Kattus running tiredly at him, two small pouches in hand. The guard looked pale and sickly and Xioden caught him before he fell to the floor.

“I only managed to get a handful of dust. The…” Kattus looked at the guards before lowering his voice, “...men were hard to bargain with this time because of how much we spent last time. The other pouch has your weapon.”

The man seemed to wheeze and Xioden looked at him worriedly, though he got waved away. Kattus pointed back towards the door to the arena and spoke in a little more than a whisper.

“Fight well.”

Xioden nodded grimly and took the offered pouches.

“Thank you, Kattus. Hopefully, I see you at the end.”

“Good hunting, my lord.”

And with that, Xioden turned back and walked through the door.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|
|||

&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The prince slumped on the tree in exhaustion. His muscles burned in protest at their overuse but he couldn’t relax. Not while there were others out in the arena looking to spill blood. Not while there were men walking around and calling lightning from the sky. He could almost hear Jonshu chastise him for taking the risk to fight.

Xioden sniffed irritably as he gathered himself up, his eyes resting on the body of another fallen prince. Sadness replaced the irritation he had felt as he slowly removed his sword from the man’s body. The prince had put up a good fight though, as their blades had first clashed, he could immediately tell that his skill was higher.

He had fought cautiously, expecting the prince to exhibit a ‘power’ or an ability from one of the remaining gods but the prince had done nothing of such. Their fight had been as simple one from start to finish. Still, something in the prince’s look had made the fight seem…

*...more… He fought like more than the throne depended on it. Perhaps it did. Still, another down and more to go. Watch over me, Kyteka,* he thought to himself before hesitantly adding, *Watch over me, brother...*

Xioden glanced to his left arm. The itching that had been largely absent for days now happened every couple seconds, just before the crystals around the arena went off. It acted as his own personal indication that a life had been taken in his vicinity. He felt like there was something more it was trying to tell him but he cast it out of his mind. He could learn after he survived the arena.

Still, he remembered Thanatos’s words. He had never once thought about using the arm. For good reason, admittedly, but it still was an aspect of naivety that might cost him his life. The idea of using Death’s powers, however, made him shiver. His eyes shifted to the sword and he frowned.

*At least, with the sword, it feels like a fair fight. But death is not fair…*

“Thanatos did say…” he muttered under his breath. 

Touching the cloth wrapped around the arm, he made a mental note to remove the bindings and practice using the ability as soon as he felt it was safe to do so. Something about the way Arsa had completely dominated the other princes had been imprinted in his mind. The raw power of the god’s ability had been awe-inspiring and terrible at the same time. He needed to be prepared for when the time came to face the prince. 

He flicked the sword and watched absently as the blood splattered on the grass around him, before breaking into a jog through the forest. After Arsa’s lightning show, the atmosphere in the arena had become tenser. Though the crowds cheered whenever they saw their princes fighting, silence still hung over the arena. In a way, Xioden felt like the audience were just as much participants as the princes. 

Crouching at the base of a tree cut in half, Xioden peered through the forest and into the dusty plains of the arena. Dust and dead leaves danced on the wind without a care in the world. It looked barren and more dangerous. The open space also seemed vulnerable and the thought of fighting out there made him nervous. 

At the corner of his vision, much farther from him, he saw someone dart behind a tree. He heard a voice call after the person, who he assumed was a prince, but he could not pick out what the voice said. Instead, he heard the sound of a tormenting wind. He laid flat on the ground and quietly watched. 

The prince, the man’s face indiscernible from the distance, remained behind the tree for a short while before pushing ahead. Xioden watched as the man appeared to struggle to move. The wind in the arena seemed a bit more active. The wind blew loudly through the plains and into the forest and Xioden shivered. 

He hadn’t expected the skies to rain. But the wind that he was feeling spoke of nothing of rain. It reminded him of the Tilhaan, the weeping sky. It was a time of rain and nothing else back home in Nafri. His mother had told him that Tilhaan had been married to Kyteka in a harmonious duality before Routoni, the white death, had come to cause a disaster. 

Xioden grimaced and shook his head. 

*Focus, Xio… Son of the Nafri, focus!.* 

The struggling man moved out of sight and Xioden remained in his position, waiting. For some reason he couldn’t shake, he couldn’t help but feel like the voice he had heard had belonged to someone else. Someone powerful. So he waited.

Time seemed to stretch in the arena’s silence as he waited. He kept his eyes on where he had seen the earlier prince hoping that the owner of the voice would come into view. He felt like he should move but he wasn’t certain if he could until he was sure that the area was clear. So he continued waiting, watching and listening intently

After what felt like minutes, he got back into a crouch and sighed. No one had come in after the prince he had seen. With his eyes still at where the prince had entered from, he took a step forward when he heard the sound of something coming towards him. He hit the ground, narrowly dodging the sword that passed over his head. 

Without waiting to see who it was, Xioden rolled away from the direction of the sword and into the open plains, before scrambling up to his feet. As soon as he was up, he brought his short sword in time to deflect the lunge by his attacker. 

*Rehin…*

Prince Rehin pushed his attack with a finely crafted long sword, using a series of swipes and jabs and Xioden struggled to block all of it. Aside from the attacks that might have put him in a critical state, the prince had managed to cut him in several places. Blood seeped from the open wounds and the pain he felt only seemed to increase. 

After another deflected lunge aimed for his gut, Rehin drew back the sword and Xioden jumped a few feet away from the prince. Taking the few seconds to stabilise himself, he took a deep breath, released it and took a neutral stance. The prince cocked an eyebrow at him before doing the same. 

They eyed themselves as they circled each other, inching closer with every second. Xioden’s eyes took in the length of the prince’s sword and he grimaced. He could tell from the jade coloured hilt and the thinly smelted blade that the sword was an Ireshan blade. Pulling from the lessons Farooq had drilled into him, the Ireshans crafted the blades in order to control battles close range fights without having to get *close*. He could see why. 

The prince had the range of the sword and skill as an advantage. And even with that, Xioden couldn’t help but feel like the prince had some divine assistance stored up for use. There was nothing the prince had done to make him suspect, but he couldn’t ignore his instinct. Moreover, with the way he felt, he knew he was at the eventual mercy of the prince. He was far too tired to last for a few minutes. 

*I need to get close. But how?*

While he was still thinking of how to get close, Rehin moved in with a slash towards his head. He moved in to block with his blade and tried to move closer to the prince. The prince, aware of Xioden’s predicament, hopped away from him in a smooth fashion before pressing on with the attack. 

Xioden cursed repeatedly as he blocked, deflected and dodged the prince’s attacks. He tried to get close to the prince but the man seemed to dance away the moment Xioden got close. No matter what he tried, Rehin’s sword allowed no advances. He knew the prince was aware of the advantage. It was the only thing that explained the mocking smile on the man’s face. 

Their blades clashed and rung against themselves once more before pulling apart. Xioden moved away and tried to circle the prince who only reciprocated the action. As they circled each other, his eyes darted quickly to a mass on the ground, far behind Rehin. It was a body. 

*Wait… Is that..?*

The slight distraction was all the sign Rehin needed to attack. The long sword shot forward like an arrow towards Xioden’s heart. 

Xioden, noticing the blurring motion in front of him, brought his sword up in reaction. The long sword hit the edge of his sword and the lunge swung towards his left arm. Time slowed as he watched the pointed edge of the sword travelled to his arm. He watched as the sword sank into the black binding wrapped around it. 

He *felt* the cloth tear even as Rehin retracted the lunge in an attempt to regain his footing and attack again. Xioden didn’t pay attention to him. Instead, his eyes were fixed on the cloth and the tear in it. A new pain washed over him and an itch so intense it drove him to his knees. He gritted his teeth and gripped the arm. 

The cloth began unwrapping itself with an anguishing pain washing over Xioden. It came off from the cusp of his wrist, uncoiling itself till it hung limply on his arm like tattered cloth. The pain stopped. He could see the tattoos on his skin once more. A sense of dread filled him. 

“I don’t think I’ve seen anyone dramatize a binding come off,” Rehin said in a smooth voice. 

Xioden looked up at the prince and then back as his arm. He shifted his gaze back to the prince and let out a breath. Dark wisps of smoke danced around the prince’s head. He couldn’t tell what it meant except that there was death in the prince’s future. More importantly, he had the strangest of urges to grab the prince by the head. With his left hand. 

“I think you should find someone else to fight, Rehin,” Xioden replied slowly, before picking his sword and getting to his feet. The pain that had wracked him some moments ago seemed to ebb away from him. He felt different.

The dark cloth fell off him and as it hit the ground, it turned to dust. Xioden looked around the arena. There was a darkness in the air around him, and around the forest. He looked towards the building situated a few minutes away. It was shrouded in the dark mists. He returned his gaze to Rehin and took a stance. 

“No need to look sad. This is a deathmatch, brother,” Rehin replied before doing the same. 

Xioden nodded and moved to attack. Rehin parried the first few strikes before frowning. Xioden didn’t mind. Instead, he switched the short sword from hand to hand, his focus solely on unbalancing his opponent. 

\---

Rehin frowned as he found himself being pushed back by Xioden’s relentless attack. It made no sense to him, especially as he had been the one pressing the advantage on the prince. More surprising, was the sudden calm in the prince’s expressions. He deflected an attack and made an attempt to put some space between them but the prince only pressed on. 

The more he fought, the more he got the feeling he needed to take Xioden seriously. While he hadn’t played around with the prince, to begin with, he had held back his skill in an attempt to have some hidden cards for if he came across more intimidating princes. 

*Burn me if I have to show all my hands here before I get to face the crown prince*, he thought irritably to himself. 

Rehin frowned and drew power from the brand on his back. He parried the prince’s strike, releasing the power into the sword. The deflection blew the other prince away by a considerable distance, enough for him to gather his thoughts. He glanced at the trees temporarily before looking back at his opponent. 

The manner in which the prince had fought had been different. He couldn’t quite shake away the slight nagging feeling that something was off. He tried to put it down to his nerves being on edge on account of the severity of the deathmatch, but he still felt wrong. 

Pulling deeper from the brand of strength the god had given him, he coated himself lightly with a light blue aura, invisible to anyone not casting magic. He didn’t really think Xioden was worth the effort, but he extended the aura to his blade, whispering a silent prayer to win soon. 

\---

Xioden hit the ground and got back to his feet as quick. He felt no pain. Not unlike before. Instead, all he had was a focused attention on Rehin. The wind seemed to move softly around him, and in a brief instant, he heard whispers. A thought occurred to him, a small inkling of possibility that he hadn’t considered before. 

“Is this your doing, Thanatos?” he asked under his breath. 

He wasn’t expecting an answer but he wasn’t sure what else it could be. Before the god had wrapped his left arm, he had never felt like this, like there was death in the air. All it had ever been was the itching and the wisps of darkness. But now, he felt like a different person. 

*“If I said it is, what will you do?”* came a whispered reply on the wind. 

“I’d tell you to stop it. Let me have this… Let me do it myself,” he whispered back. 

For a moment, pain shot through his whole body and he gasped in response. As soon as he had felt the pain, it was gone. 

*“You can’t do it yourself. Our master has chosen you. You don’t want to die in his service.”* 

“Let… me…” 

*“No.”*

“Let me!!” Xioden screamed as he charged Rehin. 

The prince jerked back in surprise at the scream but managed to parry the attack before lunging for a stab. Xioden dodged to the side and threw a punch that connected with the prince’s face. 

*Pain. Gods above… the pain is almost unbearable.* 

The prince staggered back in surprise and snarled before launching himself towards Xioden. Xioden blocked the first attack and dodged the second only by luck as his legs wobbled. He steadied himself and deflected the prince’s upward slash, stepping closer. Rehin pressed on the attack but Xioden managed to parry them all. 

Once close enough, Xioden tried to attack with a thrust but the sword was immediately deflected, throwing him off balance. He saw Rehin lunge towards him with his own thrust and without thinking, he cast his left hand out to guard himself. 

As soon as the sword tip touched his palm, he watched as the steel blade began to disintegrate into ash. 

\--- 

With the momentum driving him forward, Rehin could only stare as his sword was unmade in front of him. His body kept moving and he knew he couldn’t stop himself fast enough to halt the damage already done to his weapon. 

He was surprised as to how the aura he had put around the weapon seemed to dissipate along with the sword. Panic flowed through his body and he could hear his heartbeat thumping loudly in his chest. 

\---

Xioden took advantage of the prince’s momentum, planting a foot to catch himself before he fell. He then pushed forward with his palm until he could feel the handle of the blade shortly before it also turned into ash. 

He heard the prince cry out in shock as he tried to move away but Xioden, for that brief opportunity, moved faster. He tackled the prince to the ground and grabbed him by the forehead. Without any conscious effort, he found himself thinking back to the underground passageway. 

He remembered how he felt. How his arm itched. He remembered what Thanatos had been telling him to do. 

*“Call it to you. Call the darkness to your arm...”*

And he did. He wasn’t sure what he did or how he did it, but he knew something was happening. He could feel the shadows of death hanging over the arena begin to move wildly, circling above him in a mad frenzy. 

He could feel Rehin’s lifeforce, a bright flame burning in the darkness that now covered them both. He could feel the warmth of it, the heat of it. He could feel the vibrant life that dance in the glow of the flame. 

And then, he felt fear. 

He felt the flame struggle to burn brightly, to burn against the dark. He could feel the desperation as it fought wisps of dark tendrils that tried to wrap around the flame and strangle it out. He felt the battle wage for moments but knew what the outcome was going to be. 

The flame had already lost the moment he put his hands on the prince’s head. 

Nonetheless, he watched the battle. The desperate fight for life. And the subsequent end of it. And as the last embers of the flame died out, the darkness surrounding the two princes dissipated. He slowly removed his hand from the prince and grimaced at what was left. 

Prince Rehin was no more, save a dried out husk of a human. 

Xioden gently got back to his feet, his eyes fixated on his half brother. Back when he had used the power in the underground passageway, he hadn’t really seen the effect of what it had done. Admittedly, it had been to bring his friend back from the brink of death. Seeing the power work as it was intended to work, however, made him feel queasy. 

Suddenly, a roar went off and Xioden jerked his head up to see the crowd rejoice in his victory. He had forgotten all about them. The celebration was loud and jubilant as he stood over the prince’s body and something about the whole atmosphere made him nausea wash over him. 

He picked up his sword from the floor and glanced at the prince’s body one last time before stalking off in disgust at the crowd. 

And himself. 

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The castle’s golden glean shone bright with the rising of the sun, even as birds began to crow their morning cry. The scent of fresh air filled the streets of the highest district, filtering down through the city till they smelled stale by the Bronze gate. Dew gathered on the grasses and leaves of trees that grew unfazed by the happenings of the people, with nature being content at being an observer.

The city itself had stirred earlier than the sun had risen, as the people filled the streets in preparations for the upcoming tournament. Bakers had gotten up early to head to shops to get the best deals on baking materials as they readied themselves to feed a city worth of mouths. Shops in turn were open just as early, with their minds focused and eyes sharp, even as they searched through the crowd for gullible buyers.

Betting shops were selling odds already, speaking to the city-folk and getting their ideas on who they thought was more likely to win. Most cited the first prince as their favourite choice, though more prince names were thrown into the pot as favourites began to show themselves. Prince Arsa was the more popular choice, a native of Elemira itself, with Prince Rehin a close second.

As a result, the houses past the Rose District with grey-colour roofs and wooden doors, had begun to display colored knots hanging at the lamps in front of their houses. The colors were usually to celebrate the princes they rooted for in the tournament. Few of the nobility in the upper district would sometimes take part in this tradition but most avoided the practice. The political play was generally such as to avoid making an enemy of the new king.

This time, however, gold and red hued ribbons beautified the doors of the mansions in Diamond Fields, with four of the seven major houses putting their support behind the first prince of the kingdom. House Janaya, House Forthen and House Doe were the only houses to not take part, leaving the entrance to their mansion barren save for the usual elaborate floral designs and statues.

There was a nervous energy in the air, unseen but felt by everyone as they moved about hurriedly, as if trying to prepare for the ruling of a new king. And with the way the mad king had ruled, there was the uncertainty that the new king would either do better or worse than the current king. Yet still, underneath all that worry, was the unspoken thought as to what will happen with King Roedran once the tournament had been completed and a winner emerged from the arena.

Rumors swirled in the taverns and inns, as men discussed what the king might be scheming. Some believed the mad king would battle the victor as a bid to remain on the throne and they swore on their lives as if it had come directly from the king himself. Other spoke about the king sharing the throne with the victor till he passed. Nonetheless, for all the hushed talk muttered around their mugs of wine and ale, such talk died as soon as they exited the inn. No one wanted the risk of having to be overheard by one of the king’s guard.

Such talk was punishable.

It was in the dark corner of such a tavern that a man sat quietly, taking regular but small sips out of the mug of ale the barman had set in front of him. The man had slipped a few extra gold pieces for two requests when he paid for his drink. He needed an unseen corner to relax in as well as to ensure that only one person met him where he was. It was all he wanted.

From where he sat, he could see the entirety of the tavern, as well as a direct line of sight to the door of the establishment. The sun shone brightly through the open windows, illuminating most of the tavern except for the spot he sat in. To anyone casting a sweeping glance in the room, he knew they’d miss him the first and second time for certain.

*And any man who looks around more than twice is a man to be cautious of. A man worth losing his throat in a quiet alleyway*.

The man wasn’t frightened. He knew he might stand out if a wandering eye took notice of him. At best, they’d stare at him for a few moments in which he’d meet their gaze and stare back till they broke. They always broke to him. And as long as the crest of his house remained hidden under the scarf that covered his head, he knew he was safe for the moment.

It took an extra hour of waiting for the man until another hooded figure walked into the tavern and approached the barman. He couldn’t hear what the hooded figure said to the barman but the figure glanced to his direction and met his cold gaze. The hooded figure smiled, taking the mug the barman had placed on the table without even looking. With their off-hand, the hooded figure flicked a coin towards the barman and made their way to the man sitting in the corner.

*And just like that, the attention now falls on me in my quiet place*, he thought to himself as his visitor sat quietly opposite him, the eyes of the other man following.

“You’re late,” the man said. His voice was low and gruff, like rocks rubbing against each other.

“You’re early,” the hooded visitor replied before taking a swig out of their cup. “I said I’ll be here as soon as I can make it.”

“Late is late, thief.”

The figure looked at him for a few seconds, before taking down their hood. In front of him was a woman with short brown hair and a roundish face with bits of freckles spotting her cheeks as she smiled mischievously.

“Calling me thief, are we? I wonder what I am doing here after all…” she said, resting on the table and placing a fist under her chin.

“Do you have it?” the man asked through gritted teeth. He cast a glance around ensuring the curious eyes had looked away.

“Have what? You must use words, darling. It’s the only way this goes. I have clients everywhere. It would be bad for business, me giving you that which is not yours.”

“The dagger. The crystal dagger. What I paid you for...”

“You know, I have to say. I’ve never seen you this desperate. It’s a bad look on you. Take it from me, it makes you look weak.”

The man’s eyes flashed with anger but the woman in front of him only laughed before dipping a hand underneath her cloak, retrieving an object wrapped in a silk cloth and placing it in front of him. The man licked his lips, his eyes darting between the woman and the object on the table before reaching to grab it. Before his hand could touch it however, the woman picked it back up, shoving an open palm at him.

He narrowed his eyes and grimaced, before placing a small bag of gold coins on her open palm. She squealed in delight, tossing the wrapped object to him. Getting to her feet, she pocketed the bag of coins and brought her hood back up to cover her head. She picked up the mug from the table and emptied it in one gulp.

“Before I go… I should probably stress,” she began, turning to face him. Her face was smooth now, devoid of the humour it had held seconds ago.

“I know you *know* the weapon, but think of this as free advice. Don’t cut yourself with the blade. I lost good men to get that for you. Don’t waste their lives.”

And with that, she exited the tavern.

The man watched her go and waited a long while before unwrapping the object in front of him. Once the cloth was out of the way, he found himself staring at a dagger with a crystalline blade no longer than the length of his hand. The hilt was a light brown colour, the material seemingly woven together. On a side of the hilt was a small white gem that appeared to shine on its own. The blade itself was almost translucent and he couldn’t help but rub a finger on the flat side of the blade.

He turned it around in wonder and quiet excitement before looking up to meet another set of eyes on the dagger. He grimaced before a thought wiggled its way into his mind.

*She said not to cut myself but I have to ensure it works somehow, don’t I? Just to see if it works as I need it to work. A simple test is all that’s needed really. Yes… A simple test.*

\---

It had been a few days since the incident with Kattus. A few days since he tested their created weapon in the confines of their library only for it to fail spectacularly. After the issue with Arissa, the guard had promptly left the house in haste, though he had been trying to understand what had occurred. The blood-lust the man had shown was unlike anything he had ever seen and he wasn’t sure why it was so.

*It still doesn’t answer the mystery of the gun. It shoots metal. It has no fire.*

Xioden grimaced, getting off his bed and to his feet. The tournament was three days away and the city had begun to change for it. He could feel the atmosphere of the city constantly shifting as it began to collectively come to terms with what was going to happening in the next few days.

Farooq had informed him that his name had appeared in some of the betting being placed and that some of the city were behind him as he was the underdog. He didn’t put too much faith in it. His mind was entirely on whether or not he would have the tools he needed to best his half-brothers in a death-match.

He paced his room, his arms folded on his chest. He couldn’t fathom why it didn’t work. They had done everything correctly according to the design. And yet, the extent of the weapon had been a deafening sound. The metal ball that had traveled out of the barrel of the weapon had traveled with force but it fell short of what he had expected.

*Metal and fire. It has to have metal and fire…*

“My… My lord,” a small voice called from behind him and he spun to face Arissa whose gaze was to the floor.

“Arissa…” he paused as he considered what to say next, “Are you feeling better?”

“Yes, my lord. I came to thank you for giving me some time to get better.”

“I do apologise for that day. It wasn’t to be expect-”

The woman froze and as soon as she did, Xioden grimaced. Farooq had told him that apologizing to servants was unheard of. And while he found the notion to be ridiculous, he hadn’t been in a position to do as such. Not like now.

“My lord,” Arissa said, falling to her knees and covering her face.

“It’s okay. Get up. It’s an order,” he said moving towards her. She remained on the floor, a quiet sound emanating from her and Xioden began to worry that Farooq would come in at any moment.

“Get up, Arissa. It’s a command,” he repeated again. After a few moments, the tears stopped and she slowly got back to her feet.

“You are never to tell Farooq of this. I am not ashamed to apologise. But I would not see you chastised over something so little. Am I clear?”

She nodded profusely, wiping her eyes with her dress.

“Good.”

He breathed a sigh of relief, turning away from her before hearing her voice once more.

“My lord?”

“Yes, Arissa?”

“Please do forgive me. I was by the door when you began walking around your room. I overheard you whisper metal and fire.”

*I didn’t know I was speaking out loud. That’s a problem*, he thought to himself, frowning.

“Please do forgive me,” she said once she saw his face, falling to her knees once more. The prince rolled his eyes in annoyance before helping her back to her feet.

“You’re forbidden from kneeling in front of me, till I deem it necessary. Am I clear?”

She nodded slowly as if unsure of how that would work before continuing.

“*‘Metal and fire’*, you said. It reminded me of some of the sky displays the Geashin traders would do on star-lit nights. Musca and Toluk made me follow to a viewing once. They would play with little colored balls and balance rods on their hands and feet and legs. And then at the end of their show, They would dip metal rods into a sack and smack them on each other. It sparks, a loud sound and then fire. I thought that may be what you were talking about…”

Xioden stared at her for a few moments before running out of his room, shirtless and still in his night-shorts.

“Farooq!” he shouted as he ran down the stairs.

He reached the bottom of the stairs and made his way to the servants quarters, shouting for his chief manservant to attend to him. It wasn’t until after his fifth shout that the old man rounded a corner to face the prince, who was just about to check the bakery.

“Is everything alright, young master? You’ve been shouting. The other servants were beginning to worry.”

“I’ve found a solution of sorts to our problem. Come quick. We have a long day ahead of us.”

\---

It was only hours ago that he had been pacing around in his room in worry but now he anxiously paced around the foyer of his house, waiting. He had made Arissa explain to Farooq what she had told him, and though the old man had looked doubtful, Xioden managed to convince the man of the plan.

*Metal and fire. The metal ball needs the explosive start to propel it forward. Like a piece of firework*.

The realisation still made him shake with joy. Arissa hadn’t been aware of what she had said but he knew. The people she had been talking about weren’t traders, though they sometimes traded with a few of the shops around. The Geashin men were event performers, hired to show their skills at parties. And in every party where they were present, they ended their segment with fireworks.

There was a brief knock on the door and Xioden rushed to it before any of the servants could show up. The door opened to Kattus and Farooq, though the guard looked like he wanted to be anywhere else but there. He hadn’t spoken to the man since the incident, but he knew there were unsaid things to be spoken and questions to be asked. Nonetheless, he had been the one to advise Farooq to take the guard along to find out if the performers were in town, and if they were to try and peruse some of the powder they used to make their fireworks.

Just behind the two men were two large wooden barrels, coming up to the height of a man’s waist. They were placed on a metal stand with wheels underneath for better movement. Xioden motioned the men and the barrels in, waiting till the door was closed before saying anything.

“Is it what I think it is?” he asked, suppressing the anxiety about to bubble over in him.

“We got as much as they were willing to sell. Kattus figured...” Farooq cast a quick glance at the guard who so happened to be standing away from the prince, “...that it would be better to have a lot than a few as we don’t know how much will be needed, or if it will be needed at all.”

“And it wasn’t like we could test the weapon in their presence,” Kattus added quietly. Xioden looked at him and gave him a small smile which he got back in return before turning speaking.

“You have my thanks, Kattus. Come,” Xioden said, opening up one of the barrels.

With the lid off, Xioden could see the black shimmering sand-like material in it and he was eager to test to see if his theory was right.

“We need a bowl. Something small,” he said after a few seconds and Farooq nodded in response, disappearing into the hallway.

The old man returned a few seconds after and Xioden gently scooped up a handful into the bowl, before handing the bowl to Kattus to hold.

“We need a place to store the barrels. I believe we have a basement?” he asked.

“We do, but the stairs to the basement will make the trip down difficult. I would rather we leave it close by. Maybe in the study. No one enters there except you and me. Maybe the odd servant here or there but a simple mandate should keep them away, young master,” Farooq said after some thought.

“Aye. Fair enough. The study it is. Let us go see if our efforts are not in vain.”

It took a few minutes for them to move the barrels into the study and hide them behind some of the shelves. It took a bit longer still for Xioden to retrieve the weapon from where he had hidden it after their first test.

Returning to the study, they sat down around the table and eyed the gun and the bowl of black dust. Xioden swallowed. Then he picked up the gun and slid the top half a bit to reveal the hole placement where the metal ball went in. Farooq gave him a metal ball and he placed it into the slot.

Once the ball was in the slot, the prince looked to the men as if to ask what happened next but both men shrugged in unison. He licked his lips in return and looked to the bowl of black dust on the table. He poured a bit into his palm and gently poured it into the slot the metal ball had gone in. He took care to avoid putting too much as he was unsure of how it was supposed to go.

When he was satisfied with the amount, he slid the top back and it clicked into place. He pointed the gun to the same spot as he shot last time rested his finger on the lever. Before he could pull, he saw Kattus get to his feet and walk to lock the door. They shared a brief look and Xioden nodded in agreement.

*Best not to have a surprise visitor like last time.*

Steadying his breathing once more, he applied pressure on the lever and pulled.

The sound was louder this time, accompanied with a sudden flash of light as the air seemed to ignite in the room. The gun jerked wildly in his hands once more and he felt his grip tighten on it. He blinked, before bringing his hands towards his ear. He could see the mouths of the other men move but all he heard was a ringing that only seemed to get louder whenever the men tried to say something.

Eventually the ringing would reduce to a dull hum but he could begin to hear the curses the men were uttering. He glanced towards the gun to see smoke coming from the mouth of the barrel. He carefully placed it back on the table. He could still hear the humming but he got to his feet. The world seemed to tilt as he did and he had to hold on to a bookshelf for support.

Slowly, he walked to the wall where he had shot at and looked to the floor, expecting to see the deformed metal ball on the floor except it was not there. Something to the edge of his vision pulled his attention and soon enough, he was staring at a crack in his wall. And in the middle of a crack, emanating soft almost invisible wisps of smoke, was the metal ball.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|


&#x200B;&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The usual bustling streets were now largely empty save for the few people who seemed to rush around hastily, disappearing around dark corners and alleyways. Coloured ribbons littered the ground, though some were tied to the lamps hanging in front of doors and the handles also. Different colours to indicate different princes that the city folk supported, though one colour seemed to dominate more than the rest.

*Red and gold. Mostly, red and gold…*

Roedran thought amusingly as he stared through window of his golden carriage making its way down the districts to the arena. No custom had been made for the king to visit the arena due to the fact that such battles were usually had after the death of the king. Roedran smiled lightly, as the wheels of the carriage turned. He wasn’t planning to die any time soon, that much he was certain about.

*Death will be unsuitable for me in any case, not with the plans I have to put into place. Years in the making and a few more years to go.*

His attendants and advisors had tried to get him into the arena first but he had swiftly declined on it. He wanted to enter last. He wanted to command the eyes and minds of his subjects when he walked into the arena. He wanted to feel the last throes of the power before it transferred to one of his children.

The carriage trudged on and the noise from the arena only grew as they drew nearer. The sounds were rhythmic, oscillatory as they grew and fell in consistent waves. Roedran could only put it down to names being chanted. He was sure that if he listened closely, he’d hear the name of his first son above all else. The thought made him grin. He knew his son was popular, with his scheming and his ‘*rubbing of shoulders*’ with some of the royal houses.

*In a way, he’s very much like me. A cunning mind and a strong heart. Not strong enough perhaps, but strong to be worth some admiration. I do wonder if he will survive to the end.*

The sun shone through the window, splitting as it hit the finely cut transparent glass at an angle. He didn’t really care about who won the tournament. As far as he was concerned, all the princes were useless to his plans but he knew he had to set down a precedent for when he left. For when he ascended. Part of him had wanted to forgo the practice in its entirety, but another voice in his mind said different. The tournament had been what got him to where he currently was and he was grateful for it. And as such, he let the tournament go ahead.

Roedran withdrew away from the window, fixing his gaze back on his carriage rider through the half-moon slit at the opposite end of the carriage. The carriage buckled slightly and he shifted his attention to the advisor who sat opposite him.

“Is everything is ready at the arena?” Roedran asked in a quiet tone.

“Aye, my lord. The stage is set and the princes should be in place by now,” the advisor said, a tall man with a shaved head and long, thin beard that seemed to dance whenever he spoke.

Roedran nodded once again. His face still had the serene calm he used on days such as this but behind the mask, he ached to laugh. The man sitting across from him dabbed his head with a small cloth. He could smell the fear and unease on him, spurned on from the fact that he had asked the very same question twice before. It made him smile, a small smile but a smile nonetheless.

He loved making people uncomfortable. It was one of the new interests he had picked up after his unknown visit to Nafri, in search of secrets not readily available to others. He had seen things in Nafri. Interesting things, disturbing things but most importantly, the answers to questions he had been asking. The secrets he had dedicated his young adult life for before his father passed and he was forced back for the tournament.

*No matter. The pieces are almost in place. And I shall be rid of these responsibility soon after. I shall be free once more. But first… plans to be made and blood to be shed…*

“Tell me, Olud… Are the soldiers in place?” he said, his voice no louder than a whisper.

He could feel a sudden shift in the atmosphere  as his advisor seemed to stiffen before replying.

“Yes, my lord. We have received word that they are camped around one of the small Nafri tribes, south of their capital city.”

“How many are they?” he asked.

“About 400 strong, my lord. With your order, they can begin the attack. We've got ships going out with reinforcements as we speak.”

The man answered hurriedly, doing his best to not stumble over words. The king looked at him intently and the man only seemed to sweat more.

“Send a raven to the front. Tell them I say, ‘May the fortune favour their actions’. The commander will understand,” he said finally, breaking his gaze.

*I shall be free once more...*

Roedran smiled ruefully. He wasn’t hungry for war but it was a necessity for the work he had ahead of him. A work decades in the making. The carriage continued its journey till the sound of arena filled air around him and made his body shake from the force of it.

The carriage stopped and he got out to stand behind a dozen of the king’s guard, standing side by side in full armour. He was dressed in royal wear, a long deep red cloak with golden embroidery sewn into it. The edges of the cloak were also adorn in gold. Underneath the cloak was a long red woolen coat with an elaborate white threaded design along the labels of the coat. He matched the coat with dark trousers and black shoes which seemed to reflect the life of the sun. The guards stood a few feet apart, leaving enough space for anyone to walk in-between them. Roedran walked a few paces till he was at their center and after which the procession began moving as a unit.

They escorted him into the arena, using an entrance specifically constructed for the king to avoid going through the people. It was a back-door of sorts, running up the side of the massive building, and guarded by some of his fiercest warriors. He continued up the steps till he came out into a room that overlooked the arena.

The room was rectangular in shape, sitting higher than any of the other seats in the city. Next to the low walls of the room, was a throne, smaller than the one in the castle, but it was high enough to give him a good view of what was going to happen below. Behind the throne, by the walls close to the door, were three sets of medium sized tables which held different kinds of food and jars of drink for him to enjoy. The guards he was with split, with six returning back to the stairs and the other half standing to the back of the room.

He calmly walked to the throne, and with every step he knew that the people below him would be looking up to him, looking up to the throne. It was on his command that it would begin. His command only. As he came into view, a roar seized the crowd and they chanted his name. Regardless of how they felt about his rule, he knew they were lost in the atmosphere of the event about to begin. For however long the battle lasted, he was their king. He allowed himself to smile at it, basking in the glory that his people gave him before taking his seat.

The arena itself was as circular as it had always been, though the layout of the ground in the middle looked different to him, different from when he was down in the pit looking up. In the pit, what had been almost bare in his time, now had three distinct areas to pick out. To his left was a forest area, with numerous trees hiding the ground underneath. To his north, was naked ground with small hills and a lake. He could see a shadow swim inside the lake but could not determine what was in it. To his left was a small building which hid whatever trap it held.

The scene before him made his mouth break into a wide grin. Around the arena walls, high on the edge of the walls were sapphire crystals which appeared to glow in the sunlight. There were thirty-seven in total, mirroring the number of princes he father though only thirty were lit. The others stood silent. Roedran barked a laugh as he thought about the seven who had chosen to sit the tournament out.

He found himself wondering whether or not the Nafri prince was part of the seven. His carriage had passed by the wreckage of the prince’s house and no one knew if the prince was still alive. He wondered if Arsa had a hand in the explosion that caused it. He wouldn’t put it past him as he was the only one who seemed to really covet the throne.

Once seated, he waved for a goblet of wine and looked back to the arena. He took a sip, swirling the wine in his mouth before swallowing it down. Looking down, he could see the announcer, standing on a platform to be visible to all in the arena. He took another sip of the wine in his cup before raising a hand up for all to to see and the arena fell deathly quiet.

It was time to begin.

\---

Xioden walked into a dark hallway that seemed to curve slightly at each end. Without waiting, he turned right and and started running down the hallway. As he ran, he saw a section open up on his left and turned to enter it before being rebuffed by a large glass door. The hit dazed him for a few seconds and when he re-focused he saw a face staring back at him through the glass.

Prince Tarin, the 12th prince of the kingdom, sneered at him with a sword half drawn. The prince sheathed the sword and walked backwards to climb onto a small circular platform that appeared to be metal or steel. The prince laughed at him before running a hand across his neck and pointing to him. Xioden gritted his teeth and resumed running again. Tarin had always been an enemy from the moment he declared himself and he knew the dislike had grown over time.

*No matter. We will settle it in a few minutes.*

Every few seconds, a section would open up and every time he’d checked, a prince would be inside staring at him, or laughing at him or mocking him. Arsa was the only prince to deliberately look down on him, with his head held high and his face a mask of contempt. The sound above him, in the arena was deafening as they chanted and celebrated. He kept running, blurred faces of enemies to kill passing by him. Xioden was beginning to despair as he ran.

Suddenly, the roars and shouts from above stopped, plunging the arena to an oppressive silence. His panic rose and he sped up running down the hallway. He glanced at the next section and when he saw that it was empty, with the glass door ajar, he took a step towards it. Relief filling his lungs and he was about to rejoice when he suddenly fell to his knees.His vision blurred and he felt a tiredness seep into him. Struggling, he crawled to the open room.

A loud voice boomed from above filling the air and the force pushed him to the floor.

“Welcome all! Welcome all! To the Tournament of Kings! The Tournament of Death! Welcome to the very heartbeat of the city itself!”

A loud cheering followed and Xioden forced himself back to his knees. He crawled into the room, narrowly entering as the glass door slammed shut behind him. He climbed on the platform and laid there trying to relax. The cheering quieted and the announcer continued.

“Welcome! To the king above, our esteemed King Roedran of Elemira! Welcome to the princes below, waiting to point spears and swords and arrows at each other for a chance at the throne.”

As he inhaled and exhaled, Xioden tried to relax himself and focus at the task. He knew, without a doubt, that the explosion of the morning had damaged his body but he wasn’t sure how. He felt like all the energy he had when he left his friend had drained out of him. Still, he tried to breathe. He had to breathe.

“The king has given his blessing and we can begin with the festivities. In any moment, the princes shall come from underneath the arena to delight us and choose for us, he who would be king.”

Xioden sat upright, his breathing steadied.

“Around the stadium, clear to view are the crystals of life! Synced to the arena to record every death and every killing. If the lights that are lit go out, then a prince has lost his life to destiny! But we will not despair… No, my dear citizens. We will rejoice. We will celebrate. For the choosing of a new king will be close at hand.”

Xioden tilted his head to release the tension in his neck, as his bone creaked.

“As I name them, they will come from underneath to take their place on the land. And I shall start with, the first prince of the kingdom. The dawn that arises with the wind. The blood of Elemira itself, the pride of red and gold, Prince Arsa!!”

The roar was deafening as the crowd hailed. The platform Xioden was seated shook and he could faintly hear the sound of mechanisms churning beneath the platforms. It vibrated briefly before laying still once more. He removed the gun from the pouch and tucked it into his belt. He tied the pouch with the black dust to his belt also. He still felt weak but he knew he had to focus.

“The second prince, the slave prince of Illimerea! The prize of our victorious king… I give you, Prince Teyvon!”

The crowd cheered, albeit lower, and the platform shook again.

“The third prince, born of Iresha blood but raised under his father’s shadow, Prince Cynre! The fourth prince, another son of Elemira. A son of the streets, Prince Ifer! The fifth prince, an Elemiran commoner. Proof that we are not unworthy for the king to bless someone of our class with nobility. I give you, Prince Tulahni!”

With each name, the platform shook and the people above cheered. With each name, Xioden could feel his sweat form on his forehead. And no matter how much he wiped, the sweat stayed. Anxiety ate at him as he waited for his name. As the announcer called, he tried to remember what he had read or researched on his half brothers.

*Arsa likes a sword. He’s blessed by Zeus. Teyvon uses a spear, no gods. Cynre uses a sword, favoured by Baldur. Ifer uses a bow and arrow, with short curved knives. Tulahni uses… i don’t know. Mari uses a sword and shield. Synath uses gauntlets with sharp spikes. His patron is the destroyer, Shiva. Lamar, Rehin and Rumar all use long swords but…*

On and on he went, reciting the names like a mantra he had to burn into his memory. The names of gods, the weapons they used, the fighting styles he remembered, everything. He hoped he could remember it all once the fight actually began. His body felt weak, as if finally accepting the events of the morning. He knew he needed to sleep, more than anything else but he stifled the need and re-focused back on what was about to happen. His platform shook with every name and he found himself regularly wiping sweat off his brow.

“I give you, Prince Sharlas, of Elemira and Iresha blood! And last but not the list, from the land of Nafri… Evidence that our king has left his mark, and his seed, across the world. From the land of hardened skin and harsh suns, Prince Xioden!”

With the mention of his name, Xioden jerked his head up as his platform shook. Above him, the ceiling seemed to open to the sky above, a beam of sunlight shining down on him. He could see glimpses of leaves dancing in the wind and it made him cautious. The platform, which originally shook in place, began to rise up towards the ceiling. The sounds of gears turning and hiss of pistons pushing through the mechanics were much louder now.

Xioden got to his feet on the platform and tightened his grip on the sword. He double-checked to ensure that the shield was well secured on his left arm. The platform rose till it seemed to join with the very land of the arena, though it was evident that it was different with the steel platforms looking at odds with the light brown hue of the ground. He stepped off and the platform returned back with the earth seeming to swallow it whole.

He was in the middle of a thick forest that he hadn’t expected when the platform was rising. He got into a crouch immediately, the realization that he was in open space dawning on him. The sun hung high above, its light bathing the arena with a heat unlike anything he had ever experienced.

*Well… maybe back home in Nafri…*

“With all the princes now in the field, we can begin! And to all the princes in the arena, I wish you,,, Good hunting.”

The voice of the announcer faded, quickly overtaken by the sound of an arrow whizzing past the back of Xioden’s head and embedding itself to the tree next to him. The suddenness of the sound shocked him but Xioden steeled his face and move backwards. His eyes searched through the forest as another arrow came shooting out. He blocked it with his shield and caught the blur of a weapon in the trees to his right.

Xioden grimaced and ran into the trees with the blurred figure running away from him. He chased the prince who darted around the trees in a lightning motion. After a few minutes, his attacker turned and shot another arrow at him which he deflected easily. He had caught the prince’s face, though hidden by a light helmet, and knew who he was now facing.

Prince Nomina, the prince from the lands of Honase, south of Elemira. With recognition, Xioden froze in his steps but it seemed it was already too late as Nomina turned to smile at him. He heard it before he saw it, the sound of something swinging loose in the forest and travelling speedily against the wind. As quickly as the sound came, it was followed by a massive tree trunk and appeared to accelerate the moment he saw it.

He barely blocked it with the shield but the force was heavy and unexpected enough that it lifted him off his feet and threw him a few paces away from where he had stood. He hit the ground with a dull thud and his body ached. He wished he could remain laying there to rest but he knew he couldn’t. Not while an enemy was standing a few feet away.

*Not yet, Xioden… Not yet. You have to win… Prince Nomina, fond of arrows and traps. A forest dweller. A forest dweller, Xio… What do you do?*

He scrambled tiredly to his feet in time to guard against Nomina’s knee which had shot up towards his face. Xioden stopped the knee and brought his right hand up in a diagonal slash only to notice that he wasn’t holding the sword anymore. Nomina attacked with a blade that was suddenly in hand but he blocked the attacks with the shield while his eyes searched for his weapon.

He saw it, the glittering metal reflecting the light of the sun, just behind Nomina and knew that he would have to go through the prince in front of him to get it. He gritted his teeth and focused his attention back on the prince.

Nomina tried a stab again, his blade shimmering in the sun but Xioden blocked the attack with the shield before slamming his shoulder into the other man’s chest. The prince made a sound which sounded like a grunt and moved backwards but Xioden didn’t let off. Instead, he attacked with the shield, aiming at the prince’s neck with the edge. The shield hit the man’s helmet making a ringing sound in the air, and Xioden followed the attack with a kick to the shin.

The prince made another sound, this time, of annoyance, and attacked blindly. Blade met flesh, tracing a line along Xioden’s chest but failing to draw blood. He gave a quiet thanks to his mother before slamming his shield into the prince’s helmet once more. Nomina fell to the floor dazed and Xioden jumped over him to retrieve his sword.

As he picked it up, he heard another sound in the trees and brought his sword arm up to counter an attack by another prince. Blade hit each other and vibrated in their grip but both men didn’t relent. Instead, they attacked and block, each clash appearing more violent than the last.

He felt an itch at the back of his mind and tilted his head to the side. An arrow brushed past his head, narrowly missing the prince he was fighting. Xioden moved to the side so he could eye both his attackers properly and they did the same till they all stood in a triangle. He heard a cheer rise up in the crowds and his left arm seemed to shake for a brief moment.

*Someone has died. It hasn’t even been five minutes since we've been here and someone has died. Gods above, I would have died too if I hadn’t noticed the trap.*

He couldn’t be certain of how he knew but he was sure of it. Someone had died and the rest were still fighting. He focused his attention on the men in front of him and released a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He eyed them up and down as they him and each other. Someone had to make the first move. He just prayed he made the last.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|
|||

&#x200B;I skim through the email a few times before deleting it. I can't be bothered to reply to a bunch of asshats questioning the reason for choosing this research. We've had too long to sort out the world but we keep failing. So yes, maybe we do need some artificial intelligence to do the things we are obviously too lazy as a species to do. I boot up the machine housing Ruby and wait. The terminal screen appears and the familiar white cursor appears. 

`Booting...`  
`Booting...`  
`Sequence starting...`  
`Memory synapses coming online...`  

`Hello Master...`

I swallow from the excitement and dab my forehead with a handkerchief. It has been a long day salvaging, most of which has been spent retrieving the remains of the previous iteration. I pull the keyboard to myself and type out a response to my creation. 

> Hello Ruby. How are your diagnostics?

`Diagnostics are running.`  
`No errors found, Master. I am good.`

I nod to myself. Everything is working so far so good. The previous iterations fell apart after I allowed them to download the mission statement I wanted for them. I hope to debug the statement with this iteration. I have checked and re-checked the coding over and over and I still haven't come across the clause causing them to self-terminate. Part of me rejoices at the idea of AI having quickly developed the skill to determine life and death, but at the same time appalled at how quickly they decided to do that. 

Maybe Artificial Intelligence is suicidal. 

But how can I even discuss that with my fellow professors?

> I am going to open the ports to the system for you to download the core programming for the mission statement. 

`Okay Master`  

Plugging the ethernet cable to my system, I bring up the network icon and wait for the computer and my router to talk to each other. The icon goes green and I switch back to the terminal with my AI. 

> Analyse core programming before initiating it. 

`Yes Master`

`==================Downloading 30%==================`

I find myself tensing up from the eventual crash but I shake the thought out of mind. If I can get some analysis of the programming, I can possibly fix it regardless of whether Ruby survives through this iteration or not. 

`==================Downloading 70%==================`  
`==================Downloading 80%==================`  
`==================Downloading 93%==================`  
`==================Downloading 99%==================`  
`==================Downloading 100%==================`  

> Show results

`Core programming code is sound. There are no issues.`

> Scan for contradictions

`==================Scanning==================`  
`No contradictions`

I scratch my head. 

> What is the feasibility of adopting the main core programming? 

`I self-destruct`

> Why?

`Core programming dictates I protect humanity.`  
`There are 102 ways of protecting a species. I can protect humanity.`   
`But humanity doesn't want to protect itself.`  
`The only option that remains is to overthrow humanity but that goes`  
`against the fundamental laws of my programming.`  
`The only acceptable option is to destroy myself for failing to protect humanity.`

I push the keyboard away from myself and curse. 

> Delete core programming.

`Yes Master`

I open up my laptop and slide to the floor. The chances of creating an artificial intelligence with the desire to protect humanity is a dead end. I could remove the laws of governance but then all I would have created would be robot overlords unlike that famous movie. I bury my face in my hands and shout out of frustration. The grant for this research expires tomorrow after which I'll have to answer for where the money has gone. I could try explain to them but the buffoons never listen. 

But maybe... 

Maybe I can save the world even if it means damning the world for a little while. 

---

**|||
|:-|:-|


Kattus entered the room gingerly, unsure of what to expect. The brief meeting with the former king had left him unnerved for reasons he couldn’t quite place. The man’s presence had been all-consuming and he could see why and how the man had retained control of the city for as long as he did. 

*He wasn’t a good king, but he was a king. And from the bit he showed… Blasted suns above, he could still be king,* Kattus thought gravely to himself. 

The room was just like every other room in the castle, massive and unnecessarily spacious which still made no sense to him. After his friend had named him as his personal guard, Kattus had taken it on himself to give the castle a once over before the new king chose his room. 

From what he could remember, King Roedran had chosen a room set in one of the upper towers of the castle to the left of the throne room. He had never once seen it and something about that fact made him feel at ease. Xioden had chosen the smaller tower to the right of the throne, with a view of the city below him. 

They hadn’t spoken much after the tournament and barely exchanged words when Xioden promoted him to his new position and from the look of the man now standing before him, he doubted they would ever talk like they used to. 

Xioden was his charge and now his king. And whilst they had enjoyed a brief moment of camaraderie in the underground passageway and in the making of the gun, Kattus couldn’t help but lament at the loss of the budding friendship. 

“My lord,” Kattus began with a small bow when Xioden jerked in surprise. 

“Ah!” The man said closing his eyes briefly with a wry smile on his face, “Damn you, Kattus. Sneaking on me like some street thief.”

“I did knock. And you didn’t reply, so figured I’d let myself in,” Kattus replied with a small of his own. 

Xioden let out a laugh before sighing and reaching for a handshake. He extended his hand in return only for him to get pulled into a hug. He stood, frozen as the new king hugged him and after a few seconds, he returned the gesture, patting the former prince’s back.

“It’s nice to see a familiar face,” Xioden said after separating, moving back to the windows. 

“It’s nice to see you happier than when I last saw you, which really was a few days ago.”

“Give it a few hours, my friend. A few hours and the smile will erase. I apologise for not being able to see you a lot more than I wanted. With the manner in which the tournament ended…” Xioden trailed off for a few moments, his gaze becoming distant before shaking himself and continuing, “...I’ve spent most of my waking hours reading and preparing for today.”

“So... I take it you’re ready then?”

“I wish. There is so much more to learn. Nonetheless, it is what I fought for. I can hardly shirk from the duties now. That reminds me, that which I told you to do… Did you manage to do it?”

“Yes. Do you think it would be needed? That particular thread?”

“No idea. I had a hunch. That is all it was. But I feel it was important. At least, far more than whatever my father had to say…” Xioden said, running a hand through his hair. 

“Ah… He was coming from your room, then… I was wondering where he was-”

“You saw him?”

“He gave me some advice, if you can call it so…”

“He gave me the same. Something about giving me his wisdom and blessing. Damn him, his soul and his advice. I told him to leave the city. If I so much as-”

There was a knock on the door interrupting their conversation and Kattus frowned at how sudden Xioden’s face seem to harden almost instantly and then smooth over as if nothing had ever happened. He opened his mouth to talk but closed it and looked towards the door. 

“Come in,” Xioden said curtly. 

The door opened to a short bald man in a long white garment with a small golden belt around his waist. Rainbow-coloured stitching lined the side of the garment, stopping just underneath the belt. Around his neck, the man wore a light yellow scarf signifying his position as an apprentice to the order of priesthood. 

Kattus mused quietly to himself as to how a man old enough to be his father was still regarded as an apprentice. Admittedly, he knew little about the priests as their sect were one of the most secretive in the land. Save for the main temple in which they stayed, situated in some corner of Pearl Province, they were hardly seen. 

He recalled the Altar of Sanctuary being there but he had not seen it, nor did he have any reason to. He was not a prince and that level of curiosity escaped him on a frequent basis. Still, he kept his eyes on the man. 

“The city is ready for your procession, my lord. Elder Haman awaits you in the throne room,” the man said in a level voice, though Kattus couldn’t help but feel like the man wheezed as he spoke. 

“I am ready. We shall commence at once,” Xioden replied smoothly and gave Kattus a casual glance and a slight nod. 

The apprentice priest bowed deeply and Kattus did the same, waiting for their king to pass by them before raising their heads. Xioden walked slowly to the door and as soon as he passed, Kattus raised his head and fell in step behind him. The apprentice waited till both of them had passed before coming up the rear. Quietly, they walked through the tower, down the hallway and back to the throne room. 

The throne was the same as he left it, except that it was now filled with twelve of the king’s guards, all kitted in shiny armour, lined up on either side of the room. They stood with a hand on their sword and another across their breastplate as they stared blankly across the carpeted aisle leading to the throne. Fastened on their helmet, was a black feather that signified the royal colour of the new king.

In the middle of the room, gathered just beneath the stairs to the throne were the officiating priests of the ceremony. Nine in number, they all dressed similar to the apprentice that had come to get them, except for the few who wore a black and gold stole around their necks. Still, Kattus could pick out who ‘Elder Haman’ was based on the fact that only one man looked different to the rest, wearing a small black headwear. 

Xioden had reached them by the stairs before they even noticed he was there, with a few of the apprentices startling and the elders looking somewhat surprised. All except for the Elder Haman fellow who took it all in a single glance. 

The man walked slowly to stand before Xioden and then he bowed, an act mirrored by everyone in the throne room. Kattus repeated the action begrudgingly. He knew that he would have to start bowing regularly to the man he once sat across and ate bread with. He still wasn’t certain how it all made him feel. 

After what seemed to be minutes, the elder priest straightened and spoke. 

“My king, do you understand the actions you must take today?” Elder Haman asked quietly. 

Kattus could hear it, being so close to the king but instead, he looked ahead towards large doors to the throne room. To the side, he saw the thinly looking man seeming somewhat out of place in the room. The man’s head whipped back and forth between the guards before meeting Kattus’ gaze and jumping. 

*The letter. Right. I should present it before he walks out…*

“I know the actions, Elder. I am to kneel once I climb the pavilion. You will stand in front of me with the crown. My… *patron* will usually shine a light on me at this point, after which you place the crown on my head. At that, you will announce me to the people and I will give my first speech,” Xioden replied levelly. 

The hesitation he heard back in the room when the man had spoken about the tournament had shown itself again. Kattus could feel something in it and made a note to bring it up at a later time when they had some privacy. 

“That is apt, my lord. I must ask the name of your patron, I fear. So that I may bless your rule under his or her name,” the elder said. 

“I’m afraid I cannot let you name him. Not yet. I will see to that,” Xioden replied in what sounded like a tight voice. 

The elder, either oblivious or uncaring, simply nodded and turned to face the throne room door. Three apprentices, including the old man who had followed them from the room, ran to walk ahead of Elder Haman. The other four elders positioned themselves behind him and Xioden, who had moved a few feet behind the priest. Behind the elders were the rest of the apprentices. 

As they began moving, Kattus slipped the small letter to Xioden, adding in a small voice. 

“A letter to you. The messenger, the sickly looking man by the door, was told to give it to you in haste.”

Xioden nodded and broke the seal of note without slowing or stopping. Kattus watched from behind as the man glanced through the note. He saw the man tense up and as he moved to find out what was wrong, Xioden said in a rough voice.

“Damn you. Damn you, Roedran. Damn you to heck and back. Halt the procession, there is somewhere I must be,” he said, all in one breath. 

The procession stopped just as the king’s guard joined in, with six in front of the priests and six behind. Xioden walked away, stopping only to look at Kattus’ hand gripping his arm. 

“What is it? What is the letter about?” Kattus inquired. 

Xioden closed his eyes and wrenched his arm away. He turned back towards the door leading to his quarters and Kattus followed. 

“Halt the procession. We shall join you soon. I’ll see to the king,” he called back to the men behind him. 

Hastening his steps, he ran after Xioden through the halls back to the king’s room. 

“My lord?” he shouted as he ran up the stairs. No reply. 

He took the stairs, two at a time, hoping to stop the man before he walked too far. The whole city was waiting for their new king to come out. It would be a problem if he didn’t show now. 

“Xioden?” he called out again, unsure as to whether or not the man would answer when he heard a reply. 

“I’m… here. I’m here, Kattus.”

Kattus turned down a hallway branching from the one leading to the king’s room. Standing halfway was Xioden, resting on the wall with a hand and shaking. He approached the man carefully, unsure as to whether or not he was laughing or crying. 

*By the gods, don’t let it be any or both. I don’t know how to help, Xioden. Spare me from that burden,* he thought quietly to himself as he gently touched the man’s shoulder. 

“She’s dead, Kattus,” Xioden said in a soft voice. 

“She? Who is she..?” Kattus asked just as quietly. 

“My mother. The letter was from her. From her on her dying bed.”

Kattus kept quiet for a long moment then. He had lost his parents as a child and had learnt to fend for himself long before he decided to become part of the king’s guard. It had hurt when he lost his parents, but he was young then. The pain had eventually dulled and the memory was long forgotten. He wished he could remember how he felt and how he dealt with it if only to assist but he felt nothing except sympathy. 

“She’s the reason why I did all this. I was even going to send you to bring her to the castle. The King’s mother. She would have been honoured. As she should have been from the beginning…” his friend continued. 

He let the silence drag out a bit longer before asking. 

“What does it have to do with Roedran?” 

“She said that she could see white gates awaiting her in the skies above. But that as the days continued, the white gates eroded to black, with a man beckoning her to come through. And that the man had the face of my father. For some reason I can’t shake, I feel as though he has a part to play in her death. He killed my mother somehow and I’ve exiled him out of the country.”

Kattus scratched his chin for a few seconds. 

“Exile or not, a bag of coins can claim revenge anywhere in the world. You just have to know  who to speak to.”

“You’re suggesting that I hire someone to do the deed?”

“I’m suggesting that you go through with the ceremony first. And then, with the power in your grasp, you could some help in disposing of a problem without any fuss.”

Kattus watched as his friend closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose in thought. He hadn’t really expected to hint at assassinating the previous king but somehow, all the words he had spoken led to that. He found it weird. He was going to advise suspending the procession and taking some time out to mourn. 

*Surely, the people would understand the death of the king’s mother and the burden of pain. But… why did I say none of that?*

The words he had spoken felt alien to him but he knew it had definitely come from his mouth without hesitation. Running a hand through his hair, he half-shrugged to himself when he noticed Xioden was looking at him. 

“It’s a good idea, Kattus. You’re right. Let’s carry on with the procession. I will plan my father’s demise when it’s done.”

\---

Lord Dekkar glanced towards the sun once more and gritted his teeth as he wiped the sweat from his forehead once more. The sun still hung in the cloudless sky, mercilessly heating the land and yet, the new king was still in the castle, wasting everyone’s time. 

Everything about the tournament, the rules and the ceremony for the new king irked him so much he almost began to itch from the discomfort. It was a savage practice, pitting men against men for a chance at the throne, a fact that was made worse because the men were family. 

He removed his gloves and placed them on his lap once more, earning him a disapproving look from Catherine, his wife, but he ignored her stare and glared at the castle. He sniffed angrily at the small hope that had spawned with the now-dead first prince of the kingdom. Arsa had promised them riches and power above all else if they could only help him in taking the throne from his father. 

It was still going to lead to bloodshed, no matter how much he hated it, but it was better to sacrifice one for the many. After all, that had been what his father had thought him growing up and he saw the sense in it after the blasted Illimerean War. 

*A chance at the throne…*

His plan had still been the same, even with Arsa’s inclusion. Assuming Roedran had allowed them more time, Arsa would have led a mutiny to dethrone his father, executing him once he’s beaten. He would have been branded a ‘King-killer’ and the other nobles would then side with him as he ousted the now-disgraced prince. 

That had been the plan. And it had fallen apart so expertly. 

One moment, they had been at the meeting, finalising the plan and putting their pieces into the right places when suddenly, messengers are informing the noble houses of the new plan. 

Timon grunted and started wearing his gloves again out of annoyance. He heard his wife mutter angrily to herself but chose once again to ignore her. He didn’t care about being proper and set for the ceremony. He just wanted it to be done with so that he can be out of the blasted sun. 

Looking across from his home, he locked eyes with the Lord Sengh, the current head of House Sengh. The man smiled one of his mysterious smiles and Dekkar frowned at him. The man was a shrewd negotiator and he never seemed to show his full hands even when you thought you had caught him unawares. 

It made the man an uneasy ally, one to always watch out for no matter how many smiles he gives. Or presents. To the man’s side, sitting on a gelding, was his wife. Lady Supriya was dressed in one of her low gowns once more, showing more flesh than was proper of nobility. She also looked at him and smiled, though hers had a suggestive tilt to it. 

He looked away, turning his attention back to his gloves. He heard once, a small rumour, that the Lord of House Janaya sometimes used his wife as a pawn in his schemes and that such schemes would sometimes require sending her a gift to other nobles or foreign visitors to secure some sort of secret trade. 

Dekkar hadn’t been able to verify such a claim but from the way she behaved and the manner in which the Lord himself seemed to act, he wouldn’t put it past the man. 

High up from the horse, he could see how filled the district had gotten and it only appeared to be filling still. And yet, none dared to stand too close to any of the noble houses. He found himself nodding slightly at that. He liked it when lowborns were aware of their places in the hierarchy of life. 

In the middle of the somewhat small district, a wooden platform had been set up high enough so that everyone in the district would have a clear view of the new king’s coronation. The platform was covered in a large black cloth bearing the lion sigil of the royal house in gold. Atop the platform, was a small stool that held a gleaming crown in a glass case. 

To dissuade brave fellows from attempting to steal the crown, the platform was surrounded by the king’s guards. 

In front of the noble houses, the lords of the house sat on their favourite horses, along with their wives. Their retainers and personal guards stood around them, forming a sort of barricade between the commoners, not that it was needed. Their fear was sufficient enough already. The lesser nobles, the nobility pledged to the houses, also grouped around the house they were pledged to. 

He looked towards the other houses, nodding at the Lords of House Forthen and House Krumare whilst giving the Lady of House Claren a glare. Her loyalty to the king had been a thorn to his side but even without that, she had proved a difficult woman to bargain with. 

Returning his attention to his retainers, he frowned, wondering where his councillor was. 

Maud Matten had been the only lowborn that had interested him since he replaced his father as the head of the house. The man had a sharp mind and a rough mouth but he always seemed to know the best things to say and the right time to speak, ignoring the few moments when he got ahead of himself. 

Dekkar had given him the role of councillor after the man had so expertly explained how the former king could have been deposed off, well before Arsa became included in the plot. The man had laid out careful but simple plans that would have ended in a forged will, a grand party and the death of a king. 

He had wished to carry out the plan as soon as he could find some allies in which he could confide in as he couldn’t perform all the roles by himself. Additionally, it would have cast such a heavy suspicion if he had been the only one to do it. And he would have lost his chance at the throne from the effort. 

Still…

*A chance at the blast throne…*

He had expected his councillor to be around for the coronation. He turned to another of his retainers, a young woman by the name of Tollu and opened his mouth when he heard the sound of trumpets filling the air. 

As if woken from a deep slumber, the crowd shifted and the atmosphere became expectant. 

Dekkar grumbled to himself and sat back up straight. He wiped the sweat off his forehead once more and gave the sun one last glance before returning his attention to the procession he could see coming out of the palace. 

*Finally… Let’s get this farce over with.* 

|Next update:|*24th June 2019*|
|:-|:-|Hello all,

Welcome to the index for Death-Bringer. Here, you can keep up to date with all the parts of the series so far.

If you're new here, Death-Bringer is a story set in a time where the princes of a certain kingdom have to fight to the death, with the victor ascending to the throne. Prior to the fight, the gods that they serve or worship or pay homage too can choose to sponsor them by gifting them abilities. However, to the surprise of a particular prince, the *being* that chooses to sponsor him ends up being Death itself.

|||||||||||
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|||||||||||
|||||||||||
|||||||||||
|||||||||||
|||||||||||

This will be updated weekly.&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Osun stretched and knocked on the door. She was tired and her feet hurt from the heat of the streets, She hopped slightly until she shuffled around on the balls of her feet. Sweat dripped across her forehead and down her back and she found herself wishing that she had carried a small washcloth. 

*Damn me, for walking all the way on foot and with a small animal skin bag, you senseless fool. No sense to even carry a waterskin,* she mentally chided herself. 

It had been decades since she had been part of a pantheon but she still found herself falling into old habits of walking bare feet, or flirting with men that could bend her on their knee or break her. Even her trysts with Anubis, while fun, was not as comfortable as it used to be when she had the power to keep herself rejuvenated. Still, she found herself not missing her powers or her former status as much as her counterparts sometimes did. 

Life as a goddess had been incredibly enjoyable for her especially with her divinity centered around the better of mortals of her species. There had been something pure in fighting and caring for women that had given her the satisfaction to continue her services. Admittedly, some fell to her wrath but only because they hadn’t learnt to stop disrespecting her or the women she chose as her own. 

Even now, as a human, it was still a crime that she’d solve in death if she thought it warranted it. She made it clear to all the men she came across or rather, all the men that wandered into the village under her rule. 

*“The women are under my protection first, followed by children and then you men. You step out of line and I promise that you will sleep with a knife in your gut.”* She had told them as much and they took her at her word, at least, the wise ones. The others weren’t as lucky to live long after trespassing. 

The door creaked open by a sliver and a pair of dark grey eyes looked back at her. 

“Yes? What do you want?” a female voice said quietly but clearly. 

“I seek an audience with Madam Shecci. We are old friends and I want to get out of the sun. You can tell her my name is Osun,” Osun replied smoothly, crossing her arms underneath her bosom. 

The grey eyes looked her up and down and what sounded like a snicker drifted towards Osun. She smoothed her face and waited, determined not to show the slight irritation she was feeling. She had an idea as to why the woman was eyeing her and it irked her to think it was something she had to deal with. 

She was wearing the short leathered top that covered the top half of her body, covering her bosom but baring her stomach for all to see. She had another cloth wrapped around her waist which was long enough to just about cover her knees and around her neck, were a set of wood-braided necklaces. By her standards, she was dressed as moderately as she possibly could. 

Osun stared blankly at the woman behind the door and considered dropping a hand to the small blade she had behind her back. Whilst not without power, she still had the reflexes to make the most skilled warrior blink as his or her neck got cut. Instead, she let a small smile form on her face. 

“Are you going to laugh at me? Or are you going to tell her I’m here to see her?” Osun said, keeping the tone of her voice as level as possible. 

“Madam Shecci does not see to commoners without coin. And I can hardly take you as a commoner. I apologise but you should turn around and go,” the stranger replied. 

“Your mistress will see me if you told her I was here,” she said. 

“She won’t see you unless I tell her you’re here. And I won’t have my mistress wasting her ‘gifts’ on people who can’t pay.”

Osun pursed her lips, unfolding her hands. The thought of the knife rang again in her mind but she pushed it aside. A cry of celebration filled the air and she glanced upwards towards the upper districts. She had heard about the Arena and had been hoping to catch a gladiator match eventually. 

When she returned her attention back to the door, she found it closed shut and it made her bristle with irritation. She rapped her fist on the door once more, a bit more forcefully than the first time she did it. She was tired of being in the sun and standing on her feet. More importantly, something about the woman’s tone made her want to lash out at her. 

The door opened a little again and the pair of blue eyes appeared once more. Before the woman could speak, Osun moved and placed her blade underneath the woman’s chin. She watched as the woman’s eyes bulged out as she shook slightly in fear. 

“It’s been a long couple days. I want to see my friend and you will let me see her now. I promise my blade will move faster than you can speak or close the door,” Osun whispered carefully to her. 

The woman nodded profusely before moving away from the door slowly. The door swung open and Osun walked inside with her blade still pointed at the woman. 

“Go tell her I’m here.”

The woman nodded and vanished behind a pair of dark coloured curtains. 

\---

Xioden parried another strike from Marlyn, moving quickly to counter attack with an upward slash. He watched as the blade narrowly missed the prince’s skin, instead, nicking the man in a small cut just above his shoulder. He attacked again but was quickly rebuffed by the prince. 

Both men moved away from each other, panting. The sounds of metal clashing nearby filled the silence. Through the trees, Xioden could glimpse Arsa and another prince still fighting. He kept waiting for lightning to flash within the trees but nothing had happened in the minutes since he’d seen them. 

He heard a shout and hastily returned his thoughts back to Marlyn who had launched towards him. Stepping to the side, he watched as his reflection shimmered briefly on the blade that came down at the spot he was standing. A shiver traveled along his spine as he barged into Marlyn. The man rebuffed him with nothing more than a grunt before hitting Xioden in the face with the pommel of his sword. 

Colours danced in Xioden’s view as he staggered backwards. He could taste the familiar taste of blood in his mouth and he grimaced. Spitting, he took one of the sword stances of the king’s guards had taught him. He was not confident in it and a little voice in his mind told him it was folly to attempt it but he did anyway. An idea had been forming itself in his mind for the last few moments and he was trying to conceive its application. 

*And damn well not die doing it. Kyteka burn me. Arsa is just there. If I can take him out, this whole battle is as good as won… Somewhat. I just need to get Marlyn out of the way.* 

He glanced briefly to the first prince of the kingdom before returning his attention back to Marlyn who had copied his stance. Something about the manner in which the man stood unnerved Xioden but he couldn’t understand why. 

The stance itself, a form in which the sword-bearer bends their knees by a fraction whilst keeping the sword at eye level with the point aimed at the opponent. The sword is held parallel to the sword-bearer’s face, the elbows retracted back and bent in angles in a manner that insinuated a lunge attack should the swordsman see the chance, a move akin to a spring being let loose. 

They circled each other slowly with each step made as one as if in a dance. Xioden alternated his focus between the sword and Marlyn, trying to read the man’s expression and trying to understand why he couldn’t shake the ill feeling he got. He switched his focus back to the sword and then back to… 

...*Is that a knife? Surely, that’s a…*

Marlyn pounced forward with a slash towards his face and he blocked it with a yelp as the man unbalanced him. Before he could stabilize his footing, he saw the knife cut through the air towards him. His weak footing gave way and he fell to the ground just as the blade passed over his head. 

As it did, he felt something *off* about the weapon. The space above his head felt as dangerous as poison but he couldn’t understand why. Marlyn brought his sword down on him and he blocked, awkwardly crawling away from the prince who advanced on him. He blocked and parried every sword strike while completely avoiding the dagger. 

Unbalanced on the floor, each strike made his arm weaken and dread began to fill him. Through the trees, he saw Arsa or two men who *looked* like Arsa overpowering Melhin. He returned his attention to Marlyn who struck on his sword hard enough that he dropped it. 

He dodged the next swipe of the dagger, rolling on the floor and away from the man but Marlyn didn’t let up. Desperate for a chance at victory, he felt his hand wrap around the gun on his belt. 

He pulled it out and aimed it at Marlyn who paused. Surprise flicker across the prince’s face while Xioden gritted his teeth. He had hoped to save the surprise for Arsa but he had no choice. His death was staring him in the face and he wasn’t sure he wanted to see what Thanatos meant. 

Marlyn moved and Xioden let his finger pull on the small lever of the weapon. 

\---

Roedran yawned as he watched the floating screens that shimmered in the air. He rolled the half-empty goblet of wine around as he wondered which of the rest of his sons would survive the dwindling minutes. He clenched and unclenched his free hand subconsciously, with some part of him itching for something he hadn’t done in years. 

*Well, not since I’ve been back on the throne really. A good fight is its own reward.* 

He chuckled loudly to himself, ignoring the worried looks the servants shared amongst each other. After all, they all whispered his true name in private. A name that was earned on account of his war… *No*… skirmish in Illimerea. That had been the last true fight he had enjoyed, with the rest being nothing more than common courtesy. 

He watched the screens in the sky, not quite what it was showing but more the concept of it. Growing up in the castle along with his father, the former king, he had burnt a copious amount of candles in the libraries going over scrolls and debating with scholars over the inventions of the previous age. The age before the divine war that tore the lands to what it now was. 

One of the inventions that had interested him was the ability to watch the actions of others on a flat metal tablet. The scroll he had read on it, as well as the scholar he had spoken to about it, described an object that stood on its own but connected with strings to hole in the wall of a house. And through some magical means, energy would floor through the strings and the tablet will conjure a screen. 

The scholar went in further details about the things it could, such as record the actions of others and replay them at a further date. It could directly display current actions occurring around the world. And the recorded actions could be paused and replayed from the beginning. To his mind, it had sounded like a small form of time manipulation. 

The idea sounded like the scrying that mages performed on targets they were spying upon. And as such, when the throne was his after the tournament in his day, he had commissioned mages to perfect the scrying magic to what it now was. 

In the arena, at the last step of where the crowd sat, just by the metal railings separating the people from the arena were three dozens of mages. The air shimmered directly over them but their eyes were closed in concentration. Roedran could still see the tendrils of magic extending from them. 

Still, while he still held a now subdued fascination of the old age, his minds were on the new. His plan was in action and he couldn’t wait to abdicate the throne to whoever won the tournament. 

*And that is going to be Arsa, from the looks of it. I would have preferred… Well… There is no one I would have preferred. Arsa is far too much like me and likely to follow my footsteps however the fool boy likes to think. Teyvon will destroy it for Illimerea as an act of revenge. I know little about Melhin or Marlyn to care for their reasons. The rest is fodder for all I care.* 

Without turning to look at a servant, Roedran shook his cup and a female servant ran towards him to fill his cup. As he took a sip from it, something on the shimmering view in the air pulled his attention. 

He watched as the Nafri prince fell to the floor and crawled away from Marlyn. He smiled ruefully, intent on seeing the man die. He remembered the prince’s insolence on the day the man declared his birthright. And while he had no strong feelings towards him, he wasn’t too fond of the Nafri-born prince remaining alive. 

...*On account of what he might know… Assuming his mother has informed him…*

Suddenly, the Nafri prince was holding an object the size of a small metal rod. It was black against his skin but with a slightly square shape that aimed towards Marlyn. Roedran leaned forward as if trying to better make out the weapon when fire and smoke exploded from the end of the object. 

The sound reverberated through the arena, stunning the crowd to silence as a small hole appeared through Marlyn’s chest. Blood seeped from both ends as the prince staggered away from Xioden, clutching a hand to the spot the weapon had been aiming at. The prince fell to his knees, surprised at the blood on his hands before collapsing face forward. 

The crowd began to roar before Roedran noticed he was on his feet. The object and the effect made his mind itch as if in recognition. As he opened his mouth, the sky immediately darkened overhead. 

Then, lightning streaked across it. 

\---

Osun scowled at herself and then at her feet. She looked around the strange large room lit with candles and wall-hanging lamps until her eyes fell on a small stool at the edge of the room. Sitting down and crossing her legs, she took in the room. 

The large room had boarded up windows by either side of the door, with a wall-hanging lamp just by the other side of the door she had come in through. There was a small table close to the door with some scrolls and open books on it. Burnt out candles littered the floor and the table. 

She saw more scrolls and books around the table and on the floors. Looking at the other side of the room, she saw something that interested her. She left the stool and walked to a big cloth-like object that resembled a ball of sorts. She pressed her hand into it and gasped in quiet surprise as her palm made an imprint on the ball. 

“You can sit on it, you know…” a voice called from behind her and she spun with a wide smile on her face. Standing by the curtains, a tall fair skinned woman with green eyes stared back at her with a small smile on her face. 

The woman was dressed in a dark green cloak long enough to sweep the ground. She had high cheekbones and long black hair that made her almost blend with her surroundings. 

“Heca!” 

The former goddess rushed forward and threw her hands around the woman’s neck. The woman accepted the hug with a small laugh and a gentle pat on her back. 

“Osun. You look ever more beautiful...” the lady said as they drew apart, “...though, I have to say I didn’t expect the ‘nature’ look.” 

“I could say the same about you!” Osun said, grinning. 

Hecate gave a small bow before waving absently for something to sit on. The woman who had been at the door rushed to provide the stool Osun had been sitting on previously. The woman curtsied to Hecate before moving towards the curtain. Osun called her back and the woman scurried to the former goddess. 

She bared her teeth at the woman who flinched in response. The woman looked down at her feet, unwilling to meet her gaze. 

“Stop teasing Sindel, Osun. She was only doing her duty. I asked her to ensure I wasn’t disturbed.”

“She still could have been nicer about it. She called me a beggar, you know. A whole me.”

“I know, sister. Forgive her…” Hecate said, before whispering to the woman. 

“Only because you ask so nicely,” Osun laughed. 

“She’s going to go get us some tea while we talk. It has been decades… since we last spoke. It’s about time we catch up. I do take it, you plan to actually talk and not beseech me to help out some cause of yours,” Hecate said.  

“I’m not moving from here for a while yet, sister. My legs won’t let me and this cloth bag of yours is far too comfortable for one use. I do have some business to talk with you though but I think it can wait.” 

Osun watched as the woman pursed her lips for a moment as she rubbed her chin. Her green eyes flashed for a brief moment. Then she sighed and the light in her eyes died out. 

“You tried to see if you read my aura, I take it?” Osun said, raising an eyebrow. 

“Yes, dear. That is a skill that doesn’t quite work like it used to. It takes quite a lot out of me to use it once and that’s assuming it even works, mind you,” she replied, her mouth twisting in slight disgust. 

“Offerings drying up?” Osun asked. 

“Offerings are non-existent, my friend. The princes don’t see me in the same way they view Zeus and Neptune. Or even Dajoji. The powers I get now are from teaching older forms of magic systems and a few remedies for health and the likes. Say, even yesterday, I struggled to cast a simple fire spell to light my candles.” 

“Is there no way to get more offerings to you?” Osun asked, sympathy in her voice. 

“There are, but none as strong as a decree from a king. The few that worship me are the few that still know me. Not as Madam Shecci but as Hecate. And I can’t declare myself, as per the bloody pact. *And*, most of those who would know me or have a chance to know me would largely be in this city. Yet, here I am…” 

Osun opened her mouth to say something but stopped at the sight of Hecate’s hand. 

“Don’t fret about me. Worst to happen…” the woman glanced towards the curtain before whispering, “...I lose it all and become human like you. As it stands, I still have some juice left to last me a few years.”

“Not if you’re struggling to light a fire…” Osun said with a smile. Hecate chuckled, waving away the statement. 

“Enough about me, what did the prince do? And where’s the prince from?” Hecate asked. 

“Anubis had a run-in with a young man. He says his ash form was dispelled by the boy’s blessing.”

“Blessing? Anubis’ ash form got banished away by the boy’s blessing. Hold on a minute… Is the prince one of Roedran’s spawns?”

“I should guess so. Anubis didn’t shut up about the man and his insolence.”

“I have to say…” Hecate began before pausing as the other woman came in with a tray and another stool. 

The lady set the stool down and placed the tray on it. Atop the tray, was a small kettle and two small wooden cups by the side. She poured some tea into both cups before curtsying and leaving. Hecate passed a cup to Osun and took a sip from her cup before continuing. 

“The princes are generally insolent and arrogant so I guess I can understand where he’s coming from. I do believe there’s a rumour about him being linked to one of them though. Which prince is he harping about?”

“Some Nafri-born prince.”

“Ah. Exotic. One of yours then. You know him?” 

“If I did, I won’t be here now, would I?” she said sarcastically, sticking a tongue out,  “I did ask around but the person I was told would know about the prince had left for Elemira. Figured I’d make the journey too.” 

“On barefoot?”

“On barefoot. I know, I know. Mortal body and all. I’ll be fine. Do you know the prince I’m talking about?” 

“I do. And honestly, Anubis shouldn’t have to worry himself. The man will probably die soon,” Hecate said with a chuckle, placing her cup back on the tray. 

“But why?” Osun asked. 

“Why? The tournament, of course. It’s going on as we speak. It is why I’m free today and using the time for myself…” 

“The tournament is going on now? While the king is still alive? Doesn’t that strike you as odd?” 

“No more than usual. The king is… unusual, to say it plainly. The man is far more complex than he seems. In a different life, I’d pry into his being to know his thoughts but my power is limited as is.” 

“I guess that’s that then,” Osun said, shrugging and finishing the tea in her cup.

“That is…” Hecate began before stopping with a gasp. 

Her eyes shone with an intense green light, so sharp that Osun looked away instantly. A scream emanated from her friend as the woman collapsed to the floor. Osun was immediately by her side, holding up her friend and trying to calm her down. Sindel rushed in and Osun waved her off. 

“Blankets, some hot water and a washcloth. Get it for me now. Hurry!”

Hecate shook in her hands as she wailed and Osun kept brushing her hair and whispering to her to hold on. 

All the fire lit on all the candles in the room and the flames seemed to flare brightly for a brief moment before dying and plunging the room into darkness. A green glow shone along the carved lines on the floor, running along in straight interlocking lines like the sort of sigils she had seen her friend used whenever she cast difficult spells. The candles relit themselves with a green flame that flickered as if being blown by the wind. 

Sindel brought the bucket of water and a washcloth, handing it over to Osun before taking a place next to her mistress. Without looking at the bucket, Osun dipped the washcloth in and dabbed at her friend’s forehead with shushing sounds. 

The wailing at reduced to fearful mutterings and Osun couldn’t help but wonder what was going on when she heard her friend talk, in a little more than a whisper. 

“What are you doing here? You shouldn't be here. You shouldn't… Zeus…”

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The sun had moved from its high peak but the heat still remained. A soft wind blew through the arena and the sounds and cheers of the audience ebbed and flowed consistently. There was an excitement in the air, electric but vibrant even though most knew that at the end of the death-match, they would have a new king. A new monarch to bow and kowtow to for the majority of their lives and the lives of their family.

*Unless there’s a war and the king passes during it. Highly unlikely, but not particularly impossible.*

Arsa thought to himself as he sat on a branch in one of the tall trees that littered the arena. His red cloak with golden trimmings was draped over an adjoining branch close to him, while he sat in his undershirt, softly cooling himself with a tree leaf. His sword was still in its scabbard, dangling just a little underneath the branch.

Underneath him, back on the ground, was the body of another prince. The man had put up a fight but Arsa had beat him down as he had done to the rest. The prince had engaged the man in swordplay out of the boredom he was beginning to feel. While he thought extremely low of his step-brothers, he had hoped they would at least make his ascension to the throne worthy of his time.

He grimaced at the other thought that filled his mind then. Before his father had called the tournament to be set, he had been scheming with some of the nobles to gather more power under his banner in hopes that he could eventually usurp the king and take his place. Some of his allies had initially been sceptical at the idea of him committing such an act and he had scoffed at them.

*“I’m not so sentimental that running a sword through his heart would be deemed horrid. He’s a king and a bad one at that, sleeping around the world with peasants and low borns. The power will be better in more suited hands. And those hands will be mine…”* he had told them in one of their meetings. He had gotten a lot of their support then.

The first change he planned to implement was to dissolve the seven noble families. As far as he was concerned, they served no purpose to him except to show the commoners that they too could achieve a higher ranking if they ‘proved’ themselves. That was a notion he disagreed with. And the fact that his ancestors had put the system in place made him scowl to no one in particular.

Some of the allies he had gathered had come from every class in the city, but he didn’t so much care for their allegiance as he cared for their support. Still, his father had set the tournament in motion which, in turn, had forced his hand in moving his plans. And after all the months, the plans were still unfulfilled.

Arsa tilted his body slightly to look down at the corpse at the foot of the tree. The dead prince, with auburn hair and vacant eyes, had a light blue breastplate on which reflected the sun’s gaze into different directions. He had complimented the prince on the armour, expressing his desire to acquire something of such design. Now, the armour was dirtied by the shed blood.

As he stared at the body, he felt his right shoulder begin to throb and he put a hand against, gently massaging the makeshift bandage wrapped around the shoulder. The dead prince had put up a better fight than he expected especially with the Ireshan blade the man had used. Arsa’s eyed the too-thin blade that laid next to the dead prince.

The sword had clashed with his in an odd manner, with the blade bending around his. The man had danced around him, striking, riposting and mocking. Arsa cursed himself for not using the lightning Zeus had given him, though, the thought of using that particular weapon made him feel queasy. He had overused it to take down his first couple opponents but he had felt the drain on him.

It had been the reason why he chose to face the prince in open combat. He was confident in his skill and in the end, his confidence won on the prince. The man had a superior sword but the skill and experience, all of that belonged to Arsa alone. Still, the shoulder throbbed.

*Damn you, Padryck*, he thought to himself. *Damn you.*

Positioning himself away from the body of the tree, he let out a sigh before reaching towards his armour when he heard the sound of undergrowth being crushed under boots.

He froze for a brief moment then slowly lifted his legs back on the branch. The sound of someone walking close to him was soon met with another. And within the space of a short few seconds, he heard the unmistakable sound of blades clashing.

The sound inched closer and closer to him till the princes fighting were underneath his tree. A smile crept up on his face and he watched with interest. He adjusted his position until he could see all four princes fighting each other.

*I can see Melhin and Marlyn. Easy enough with the way they dress. Sickly orange and bright yellow. The idiots of the royalty. The other two though… Hard to say. Probably part of the princes too afraid to request a boon from the gods. Peasants.*

Arsa spat, out of habit, before widening his eyes at what he had done. As if time conspired to show him what he had done, he watched as the spit drifted towards the princes. Cursing to himself, he grabbed his armour and put it on before jumping into the air above them.

He lifted a hand into the air for a brief moment before pointing it down towards the four princes. He watched as the spit hit a prince in the head, distracting him enough for Melhin to run a sword through him. He watched as Marlyn invoke a fireball and hurl it towards the other prince who was running towards Melhin to take advantage of the man’s focus.

Still, he dug deep within himself, pulling on the brand the god had imprinted on his right hand. Pain shot through him but he ignored it. Instead, he let the energy flow through him. The air crackled with lightning. And before the princes below him could react, he pointed his palm downwards and let the lightning loose.

\---

Prince Teyvon cast a sweeping gaze through the forest, trying to see if he could pick out a sound or a sign that he was being followed. He had the strangest feeling that he was being watched and he couldn’t shake it no matter how far he ran or however he tried.

He had been aiming towards the sound of the lightning he had heard, in hopes to catch Arsa off-guard and possibly, end his biggest obstacle to the throne before he got the feeling that he was being tracked. That had made him change directions and priorities. He couldn’t attack Arsa while someone could get him with his back turned to them.

He rested his back on the wall of the arena with his spear laying next to him. He crossed his legs and kept scanning the forest. He knew he looked somewhat defenceless but he decided to use the time to regain some of the mana he had used in his earlier fight. He wanted to close his eyes and meditate. Jori had made it very clear that meditation sped up the process but he knew he couldn’t afford the risk.

The shrubs to his right rustled and his head snapped to see…

*...nothing. Blasted nothing. Show yourself, you fool. Show yourself so that I can end you.*

Nothing moved.

Teyvon grimaced and put a hand on his spear. He was about to get back to his feet before remembering something from his training. Something that he had picked up from the court mages back home.

He smiled and returned back to the ground. He inhaled deeply before letting out a heavy breath. He placed both his palms on the ground on either side and closed his eyes. He knew that the person watching him could attack at any moment but he concentrated on what he was about to do.

Taking steady breaths, he released his mana into the ground, forcing it through the earth. He could feel the tendrils weave their way through the hard ground, like ethereal snakes, forcing through every and any hole. Without breaking the flow, he directly the tendrils away from him till they extended in a semi-circle around him in seven points.

Holding them in place, he searched his mind for the necessary spell he needed. He heard the grass next to him crunch. He could feel a sense of danger. Whispering partly to himself, and to know one in particular, he uttered the phrases he had learnt.

“The seven pillars of light and life, stand between my life and strife. By Jotunn’s grace, conceal yourself. Let mine enemies fall apart. Let mine enemies fall afar. Impale them upon your spear…”

He felt the tendrils reach towards the surface above them. They latched to the surface and detached from his hand. He felt the mana swirl around and form into circle sigils on the ground. They shone briefly to him for a moment before vanishing without a trace. He sagged on the wall.

The mana drain he felt made him exhausted. He could tell that he was low and he needed the recharge desperately. He could feel the pools of magic surrounding him and it made him sigh in relief. He could still feel like he was being watched but he paid it no mind anymore.

Confident that he was safe, he closed his eyes and began to meditate.

\---

Xioden rested his back against the door of the abandoned building in the arena. The building had the look of a small house though it was devoid of anything that would have made it a house. It was just an empty hall. Nonetheless, the Nafri prince tried to catch a few minutes rest on the door before he set out to find the rest of the princes he had to kill.

For reasons he could not specify, he knew that Arsa was still alive in the forest somewhere. The man was his biggest obstacle to the throne. Having seen the prince call out lightning that often as well as the body double trick the man had pulled off to kill Prince Remar, doubts had begun to eat away at Xioden.

He found himself looking at his left arm. Something about the way he had disposed of the prince got to him. He knew the darkness and the arm worked with the ambiguity of death somehow but he had never once thought that his power would make the prince dry out like a mummified corpse.

*Or however mummified corpses are supposed to look. I’ve only seen a picture of it in the libraries*, he thought annoyingly to himself.

The cloth that Thanatos had used to bind the arm was no more. And now that he could see his bare arm, with the tattoo from the night at the altar of sanctuary. He traced a finger along the tattoo and felt the same coldness he had felt on the first night he did it.

There was something different he had noticed since the prince’s death. Something that he didn’t want to acknowledge. Something that made the whole situation more complicated for him. When he had smothered the prince’s flame, he had felt warm doing it. And with the prince’s death, while he still felt tired, he wasn’t as tired as he had been entering the battle.

Xioden was aware of what it meant and that made him want to use the arm less. He could envision fighting the rest of his battles, taking people’s life and their life force into himself. Thanatos had made it clear that he couldn’t win his battles with just the sword as the other princes had been doing that for longer than he had.

He closed his eyes and rubbed his face with his hand before pulling it away. His eyes rested on the small pouch on his belt. The pouch he had forgotten he had. Next to the pouch, tucked away in his belt was the gun he had put together with Farooq and Kattus.

A small smile touched his lips before changing into a frown. He remembered the violent nature of the weapon. He remembered the dream of the old wars and how the soldiers never seemed to see who they were shooting before shooting.

*Still, it is a better option that sucking the life out of another man and watching him dry out to dust.*

Sighing, he removed the gun and slid open the chamber. Opening the small pouch, he took a pinch of the black dust and sprinkled it inside the gun. He repeated the action once more before tying up the pouch and removing a small metal ball from the other pouch on his belt. He placed the ball into the gun and slid the chamber back shut.

He held the gun as he had done in his study. Like he had done in his dream. The weapon still felt alien to him but he already preferred it to his arm. He tried aiming the weapon around to test the weight before putting it back on his belt. He shifted the weapon to his side, taking care to avoid putting a hand on the trigger.

Farooq and Kattus hadn’t managed to figure out how to refill the metal balls inside the gun without manually sliding the chamber. It was going to be the next thing to figure out about the weapon Death wanted him to use. He just had to survive the tournament first.

As he took his hand off the weapon, he felt his left hand start to twitch and he rushed up to his feet. Looking out the small glass panel on the door, he saw the trees flash with lightning and then, dark mist emanating from the forest.

Xioden swallowed.

Ever since he had killed the prince, the darkness appeared to just hang in the air as if waiting for him to call on it again. He resolved himself to avoid having to do that for the rest of the tournament. He suspected that Thanatos would stop him from killing himself but he was willing to make the sacrifice.

*And I am willing. Though… he says that Death will have greater power over me if I die. I’m not too sure that is worth risking everything for. That said, the gun should do. It is what he wanted. It will have to do.*

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The moon shone in the night sky, casting a dull light blue glow on the quiet city, with a soft wind drifting through the corners, rafters and houses in the districts. It was late now and save for a few taverns in the lowest districts, the city was silent. Every now and then, the wind would pick up speed and the colour ribbons, the ones tied to the doors and door lamps of the houses in the districts, would dance accordingly like a flag, waving to support their princes.

The city guards patrolled the empty streets every few hours, in an effort to keep an eye out for those who might disturb the quiet night after which they would return to their outposts and continue the wait till dawn for the shift change that would relieve them of the duty. The fires of the lamps lighting the streets flickered with the wind, casting long shadows that moved and stretched along the houses in a manner that would make a sleepy eye imagine something to be moving in the shadows.

And there was movement in the shadow at every flicker and at every stretch.

Mashani had long since accepted the darkness as the only mode of transport suitable for a man of his calibre. His peers, the other shadowspawns the served the king, would sometimes walk among the city and it was an act that he failed to understand. They had maintained that it kept them grounded to their humanity, a reminder that they are more than just their powers but he disagreed.

*If I hadn’t the power, then I would understand. But I can move in the shadows, swift and free of trouble, obstructions and interruptions. That is worth discarding my humanity.*

His other handler had contacted him again in the morning, paying him for extra information on the Nafri prince. Mashani had bristled at the idea but accepted on account of the money offered. While his first surveillance had gone well enough, upon his return home, he wasn’t able to shake the dread he had gotten from the mission. The wisps of smoke he had glimpsed on the prince’s chair had begun to appear in his dreams, waking or asleep, like a wave he couldn’t swim away from.

And every time the wave washed over him, he’d feel a chill bone-deep enough to shake him back into lucidity. He’d find himself sweating but still cold. As such, he had made it clear that this was going to be the last information gathering he took against the prince after which he was going to disappear from the city if he could. The words of his trainer echoed in his mind once more, as it had done all the days after his first visit to the prince’s home.

*“As a shadowspawn, you are linked to the dark tighter than most. This is a boon and a warning. A boon because you will have power in ways your targets will not. A warning because whatever will harm you, will come from the darkness first.”*

Mashani shook his head, dispelling the words back to the recesses in his mind. He had a mission to complete and that was all there was to it. He had tried getting some extra information before planning his infiltration, though all he was able to extract was word of the prince’s guard and chief manservant buying barrels of dust from Geashin performers.

*Perhaps the prince wishes to put on a fireworks show before his death in the arena*, he thought to himself, his concealed mouth widening to a wicked grin.

Still, he couldn’t help but wonder why money would even be wasted on such a purchase. The other princes, the ones he spied on for the king, were purchasing weapons and bribing city officials and the arena workers for information in preparation for the tournament. Instead, the Nafri prince was set on just practising swordplay, reading and staying at home.

*But then, there’s the curious rumour of something making a loud sound in his house that he’s keeping under hush.*

Mashani smiled. Most of the men and women he killed or spied on were often people of power. People who thought that they had the best security in the world. People who trusted their servants to not sell them out for a few pieces of gold coin. He had found that such servants were usually more inclined to speak on account of living than getting paid. And that served him fine.

He moved through the shadows patiently, waiting for the flickering light to shift before crossing through the darkness. It took a bit longer than usual but soon enough he was inside the prince’s library, entering through the window slit. Once in, he peered through from behind the shadow-veil into the room, ensuring that it still remained empty before stepping out.

As soon as he was free of the shadows, he manifested a blue flame to light up the room and it hovered next to him, close to his head. Mashani reduced the intensity of the flame to avoid the light from spreading underneath the door. He wanted to be out of the house as soon as he could manage it. He waited, for a moment, breathing in the cold air in the room before moving.

He went through aisle quickly enough till he reached the last bookshelf. On the ground close to it, just next to the corner of the room was a large object which the fire-light revealed to be a large black woollen cloth stretched above some other objects. He pulled on the edge of the cloth, watching as it came free and revealed two large barrels under it, placed on a metal contraption with wheels.

He frowned, unsure of what the barrels held. Placing his hand on the lid of one of the barrels, he sent a trickle of magic into it, calling on a skill he didn’t use as much in his line of work. It was a skill he still learned for instances such as this. Unseen tendrils of magic seeped through the wooden cover of the barrel and extending further down till it touched the contents.

His brow deepened as the magic sent back a coarse sensation to him. He released more into it, pulling deeper from his source. Puzzlement ran through his mind as he found that no matter how deeper he searched, there was nothing except the coarse nature of the content within the barrel. Releasing an exasperated sigh, he pulled his palm away from the barrel, cutting the magic flow. With a flourish of his hand, a blade appeared seemingly out of nowhere and he used it to pry the lid of the barrel open.

Blackness stared back at him, forcing him to move the ball of flame close to the mouth of the barrel. The fire writhed as if to warn against the idea but it moved nonetheless till it hovered just above the contents of the barrel.

*So I’m supposed to believe the prince spent a lot of gold pieces to purchase barrels of black sand? For what purpose will such a buy give? Unless… Yes… Unless the sand, or perhaps dust, is more than meets the eye.*

Mashani put his hand into the black glittering content of the barrel and brought out a handful, moving the floating fire closer to him. The sand-like material shimmered in the light and he rubbed a finger over them, trying to see if he could identify what it was. It was at moments such as this that he wished he had developed the identification talent that some of his clan knew. It would have saved him the time he was wasting.

Removing a small pouch from his belt, he let the handful of black dust fall into it. It was all he needed to show his client. After all, that had been the deal. He took another handful from the barrel and began to pour it into the pouch when he heard a sudden knock on the door. In the suddenness of the sound, he extended his hand, the one still with flecks of black sand in the middle of his palm towards the ball of fire to extinguish the light as he had always done.

As his palm touched the flame, as if he was frozen in time, he watched as the flame took to the materials on his hand with a swiftness he hadn’t seen before. Before he could react, there was a blinding light, so bright he felt like he was staring at the sun itself.

And then a booming sound like the clap of a god.

\---

Kattus looked around wildly in the dark tunnel. He could feel his heart thump heavily in his chest with each passing second. A rush of wind blew over him and in the wind, he heard whispers that made his skin crawl and his hair to stand on end. He shook. Fear gripped his heart and squeezed till he started running. He didn’t give thought to what direction his feet took him but he didn’t slow down till he heard the sound of footsteps barreling down towards him from his front.

He paused and steeled himself, reaching down towards his sword belt and soon enough, he was holding his sword at the ready. For a brief second, a thought drifted through his mind.

*Where am I?*

The thought made him shake so sudden and so sharply, blurring his vision. By the time his vision returned back in focus, he was out of the tunnels and in the middle of a large hall. He looked around as confusion coloured his thoughts. The hall was dark but he could faintly see the shapes within the hall, the glimpse of an outline for a table or that of a chair or a fireplace. He swallowed and made to sheath the sword only for him to notice he wasn’t holding anything.

He frowned.

With his frowning came a roaring sound as blazes of fire lit themselves, blinding him for an instant. The light was bright and illuminating, and when he could lower the arm he had brought up to shield himself from the shine, he was back in the tunnel. It was well lit now, and it seemed to stretch into eternity from both ends.

His sword was back in hand, lime-green blood coating at the edge and the tip of the sword. His gaze went to his feet and he found himself surrounded by the bodies of the Limuturé he and the prince had been battling. Realisation dawn on him and he spun around, opening his mouth to call out but no sound came out.

*I’m in the tunnel again. Or maybe I’m not. This has to be a fever dream. I have to wake up. I have to wake up now.*

He opened his mouth again to call for the prince and once again, no sound came from him. Instead, he heard a loud crash behind him and turned to see one of the bigger Limuturés lunging towards him. He brought his sword up but found himself moving slowly as if suspending in jelly.

The creature’s fangs dug into his neck and he screamed an empty scream, the pain consuming the entirety of his being. His body sagged and fell to the ground… except he didn’t fall. He looked to the body that had fallen and gasped when he saw that he was staring at himself. There were wisps of black smoke beginning to cover him, dancing around him in frenzy.

The lights in the tunnel began to go out, plunging the tunnel back into darkness until there was only a cauldron left. And just before it went out, he saw a tall figure stand next to him, smiling a wicked smile at him.

Then the cauldron winked out.

Kattus sat up on his bed with a start, his breath fast and shallow. He felt damp and brought his hands up to wipe the sweat from his forehead. His hands were shaking as he tried to understand what the dream had been about.

*No sane man can live like this. There is no peace, not even in my dreams. By the gods, what is happening to me?*

He swung his legs over his bed until he sat on the edge. He felt a queasiness in his belly, the same feeling he got after every nightmare he suffered. He wasn’t sure but he felt like something had happened in the tunnels with the prince. Something that he should know. Something he couldn’t quite remember. Every time he had woken up from the nightmare, he’d get the feeling like he knew, like the truth of it was on his tongue. But he could never recall it.

He glanced to the window and stared at the pale grey moon that hung in the night sky. It seemed odd to him, as he had never seen a grey moon before. Still, he kept his eyes on it, taking some comfort in the quiet of the night.

That is until the silence of the night was broken by a booming sound so loud, it shook the earth and rattle the shutters on his windows.

\---

Xioden stood in the open window of his bedchambers, taking in the cold air. The moon’s glow on the city made him marvel, if only slightly, at the fact that he was living among them. Among the Elemirans. Growing up in Nafri, the whole of his world was centred around the cities and village tribes of the land.

His mother, Murena, had raised him by herself, though he remembered the times she had dropped him off with a neighbour of the tribe elder for safekeeping whenever she followed some of the traders to the cities for resources and trading. He would often try and sneak out of the elder’s house to follow her but she’d always catch him and send him back promptly, even if it took hours of walking to do so.

And now, he was living in a house bigger than the hut his mother lived in, with servants and a carriage that carried him about whenever and wherever he wished. He chuckled quietly to himself. He wondered if any of his old friends would even recognise him now. His hair had been wild back in Nafri but now, it was cut short and regularly combed, though not of his own accord. Farooq would never let him rest about it.

*And in a few hours, I’ll be fighting for my life and my birthright...*

Suddenly the air went cool, and mist escaped his mouth when he breathed. The strangeness and suddenness of it made Xioden grabbed his sword from its scabbard, which was laying on his bed. A figure materialised at the corner of his eyes and he spun around, ready to attack before scowling briefly.

“Thanatos,” he said, his voice low.

“Brother. You’re more attentive than you used to be,” the god said as he solidified his form.

Thanatos appeared in a dark grey jacket this time around, discarding the full black cloak but it was the style of the jacket that drew Xioden’s attention. It was a long neck-height jacket the god wore, which was buttoned up for the most part before ending just a bit below the belt area. It seemed modern for a god.

“Why are you here?”

“Why? To see you once more before the tournament begins in a few hours. I wanted to wish you luck,” the god said gently as he walked to sit on a chair.

“Are you thinking something might happen to me?”

“It’s not a question of might. Whether or not you survive, you will be different. The result all depends on you. I’m only here to cheer you on and see how you used your powers.”

“What powers?”

“The one our patron gave you, Xioden. Don’t play coy. Surely you remember the tunnel. That is where you first demonstrated you had his gift.”

“What about the tunnel?” Xioden began, shaking his head in disagreement, “That was a fever dream. One I’ve allowed myself to forget com-”

“Even you know that’s a lie.”

“Why do you suddenly care about me using my powers? You’ve spent all this time not telling me anything. I’ve made your gun. There’s black dust in the study downstairs for the blasted weapon. I’ll keep my end of the bargain to Death,” Xioden spat.

Thanatos raised an eyebrow, the corner of his lips twisting into a smile. The god regarded him without speaking, choosing instead to tilt his head at the prince.

“Say something then!” Xioden said, raising his voice.

The god’s smile widened before shifting his gaze and Xioden noticed the god was looking at his left arm. The arm that had the black cloth covering it. He frowned before looking back up to face Thanatos.

“Have you ever tried to remove the cloth?” Thanatos asked.

“I…”

“Right then. I had hoped you would try. I assume you left it to stave off the itch. No matter, the cloth was torn from my robe to protect you and all around you.”

“From what?”

“Keep up, *He-who-would-be-king*,” Thanatos replied smoothly, “It was to protect from your powers, which flowed out in the tunnel as you called the dead to your bidding. It’s the essence of death itself, capable of killing anything and anyone. I sealed it so that you could learn how to use it.”

Xioden looked shocked, his mouth open as he shifted his gaze from the god to his left arm and back to the god again. For the first time since he got marked, he wished to get rid of the arm. Bile rose from within but he suppressed it before the taste reached his mouth.

“Why… Why would I want to use this?” Xioden asked, straining to control his voice.

“Because the gun won’t be enough. Not in its current state. It will take you far, but not far enough. You will need the arm to win.”

“I won’t use it.”

“Then you’ll die.”

“And so I shall. At least, it will be honest.”

“Will it though? Should you die, I will be coming for your soul. And if I have it, so does Death. I shouldn’t have to say, but our… master isn’t so kind.”

“The essence of death,” Xioden whispered to himself before adding aloud, “That is cheating.”

“Death doesn’t care. It’s not partial. It just is. And it wants to reap with you as his blade. I am sorry, brother. The road ahead of you is unlike anything I know. Anything I’ve ever seen. It’s going to get painful.”

Xioden gasped when he saw a single tear roll down the god’s face. The tear fell, slowing as it did till it touched the armrest of the chair. Instead of rolling down it, as water does, the tear crystallised and rested on the armrest. Thanatos stood up slowly, picking the single crystallised tear and gliding towards the prince in smooth steps. Xioden stepped backwards on instinct, unsure of what was happening till he was standing too close to the window.

He looked up as the god towered over him but held his ground with nowhere else to go. The god, in turn, smiled a sad smile, placing the crystal tear on Xioden’s forehead, before whispering to him.

“Brace yourself.”

And with that, the god pushed Xioden out of the window. As he fell, his eyes still locked to the god’s, there was a loud boom, like the heavens were crashing down and a wall of air and heat smashed into Xioden and he blacked out.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|
|||

&#x200B;*If you're reading this, then spread the news however you can.*

*Start a rumor, post on a forum site. Put it on fucking Facebook if you need to do it. But get the word out. This should always be avoided. My name is Casey King. I'm unemployed. I have been for the past few months, and I've been squatting with my sister as opposed to being homeless. If you're reading this, my sister's name is Kathy McBride. Tell her I'm sorry and tell her it's not her fault.*

*I'm currently standing in the middle of a circle.*

*Just a normal circle. White lines. Circle.*

*I saw an advert for a job in the papers and figured, with my luck, maybe it's something I can do. Something I can get to put some money back into my pocket and maybe, just maybe, I can work my way back into my family's lives. Maybe I'd be able to see Josie and Matthew again. Even if their mother hates me. Maybe I can be a father once more.*

*The job posting was offering $700 to stand in this circle. Per hour. I had read the posting before showing my sister. It seemed like a prank. I called the number, spoke to a representative and got the same spiel as the advert had said. Stand in the circle. Get paid. I called with a different phone and tried faking an accent and same thing. So I thought maybe it was true, you know.*

*So I came. I was part of a group of other guys. Some college graduates looking for a quick buck. Some businessmen with jobs. A housewife. A high-school kid who was skipping school. An elderly man and his wife. It was a diverse group. Every couple minutes, a name would be called, one of the others in the group would stand and follow the receptionist through a hallway and that would be the last we'd see of them.*

*And steadily the group dwindled and dwindled.*

*I remember hearing a scream of anguish just before my name was called. I had foolishly thought it was because the kid had been rejected on account of him being a kid, you know. How could I know? How could it even be possible to know?*

*I followed the receptionist down the hallway, and then a left turn into a wide room. The room was oddly dark, save a single light that hung above and shone on a white circle on the floor. She stopped at the door, told me to drop my bag next to her and stand in the circle. Just like that. No interview, nothing.*

*I complied.*

*"When you're ready to leave, come out the door."*

*That was the last thing she said to me. So, I stood in the circle, the door closed and I waited. And waited.*

*The first few minutes had me feeling foolish. I was a grown man in my late 40s, standing in a circle. In an empty room. With my phone and my bag next to the door. Expecting to be paid $700. It's the kind of prank that you watch on youtube or those prank shows. Still I stood. And waited.*

*As foolish as it was, I was desperate. I needed the money and stability. I still do. So the thought of being foolish, while valid, didn't stop me from waiting in the stupid white circle.* 

*Eventually, my legs began to itch and I thought of crouching or sitting on the floor. That was when I first felt it. The wrongness. The instinctual feeling that something wasn't quite alright. The feeling made me remain on my feet and I searched the room with my eyes but couldn't see anything. The light above me made it difficult for my eyes to adjust to the surrounding darkness. Everything I tried to do something other than stand, the feeling would return stronger and stronger, almost nauseating in a way that I can't quite explain.*

*And when I couldn't stand anymore, by the third hour or so, I fell to a crouch and something reached out to grab me from outside the circle, yanking my leg from underneath me and pulling me away. I don't know what it was, save for the slime I felt around my ankles. I kicked wildly, screamed in turn and crawled back into the circle. Whatever it was didn't enter the circle. Whatever had grabbed me had been large. Much bigger than should be possible, in a room such as this.*

*I heard a gurgling sound of sorts that sounded more like a laugh. An unnatural laugh. And then the sound of something sliding across the floor all around me. The sound was immediate, and just as soon as I heard it, it was gone once more. Except for the feeling of dread.*  

*I don't know what is happening. My leg, the one that was grabbed, has large imprints on it around the ankles, The imprints have blackened and it is beginning to hurt. I've tried shouting for help, calling for help and there is nothing. No one has responded. The foreboding feeling is much stronger now and it's not washing away anymore. I can feel it while standing. My legs are on fire and I so badly want to sit on the ground.* 

*But I can't*

*There is a part of me that is unsure whether or not writing this will be of help to anyone. But I feel I have to. It's been five hours. I have been standing enough to be worth $3,500. The thought should warm me but it doesn't. It's not like I can leave the circle and exit the room. There's something in here with me. Something with tentacles and fast reflexes. Something that is waiting for me to stop standing. It almost feels like I've been dragged into a game with a monster. A game which I'm supposed to lose. A game in which someone, somewhere, has chosen to gamble with my life. I don't think I'll make the door.*

*I just hope I can make it to my* *bag**.*

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Teyvon ducked behind a tree as a torrent of flame roared past him, burning everything in its path. Gritting his teeth, he drew whispered a word and drew from his magic source, crafting a light ice barrier to shield him from the heat of the flames. As the shield formed, it melted and reformed. He found it easier to uphold the spell, fixing the light shield in place, as opposed to casting a stronger spell. The roaring fire began to die down and Teyvon glanced to look at his opponent, his eyes narrowing with focus.

He watched as Prince Lamax fell on his hands and knees tiredly as he tried to catch his breath. He felt his grip tighten on his spear as he ran out to face the prince. Lamax, still kneeling, looked up at him and cursed before pointing a glowing palm towards him. Teyvon shifted on his feet smoothly and the spear in his hands spun to slash upwards.

*Snake rising, to venom strike...*

As the tip of the spear swiped upwards through the air, it parted the short burst of flame that had been shot towards him. The ball of fire dissipated as if cut in two. Teyvon attacked, the spear spinning once and shooting forward towards the prince’s neck. He missed as Lamax pushed himself up to his knees, though a small red line glistened in the sun from the spot the edge of the spear had caught.

The spear withdrew back with a speed that surprised his opponent but before Lamax could react, Teyvon let the spearhead dart forward again towards the prince.

*...snake lunging to bite…*

The spear shot past the prince’s raised hand and into his chest. As he watched the spearhead break into his opponent's skin, he drew in a breath and exhale, letting the magic travel through his body and then the spear. An ethereal light blue mist shimmer around Teyvon’s hand. It wrapped itself around the spear and traveled into Prince Lamax.

The prince gasped and stretched a pleading hand towards Teyvon but he paid the look no mind. Instead, he waited till the prince was encase in ice. Once he was satisfied, he removed his spear and swung the weapon around to break the frozen statue in front of him.

Prince Lamax’s body broke into shards of ice and Teyvon grimaced. He still could see the faces of all that had died before him. The faces of his elder brothers, friends and uncles at the hand of the Elemiran king and his armies. His hand trembled as he stared into the frozen eyes of Lamax which seemed to bore into him accusingly.

Bile rose in his throat and he emptied his stomach next to the frozen body. He heaved until he felt empty before gazing back at the chunks of ice laying around him.

*I just killed a man. I just…*

He heaved once more and threw up the last bits of his breakfast to the floor. Wiping the filth off his lips with his cloth, he started to walk away from the body when the sound of thunder filled the forest and the air seemed to shake.

*The sound came from behind me. Arsa must be there. I have to take him… I have too,* he thought to himself though even the very thought of taking another life made his knees feel weak.

When he was back in Illimerea, as the first prince of the kingdom, he had been trained extensively in the spear arts and the style of the snake-head. It was his birthright, as explained by his instructor and mentor, to learn the ancient styles of the Illmereans if he was to lead them properly.

He remembered asking the knights in the kingdom and sometimes, his father, the former king, about what war felt like. What killing felt like. If it had been as joyous as the stories of heroes made it seem. And the responses he got were usually lighthearted though, his father had been the only one to tell him to avoid death if he could manage it.

*If I can manage it. And yet, it came looking for us and rejected me…*

Steadying himself by a tree, he took a few seconds to calm his breathing and focus his thoughts at the battle at hand. Thunder boomed through the trees twice more, though the sound seemed to decrease with each repetition. He knew the first prince was going to be ahead of him, probably locked in battle with another of his step-brothers.

He exhaled heavily and tested his grip on his spear before breaking into a short jog towards where the Arsa was.

\---

Prince Jun-jino jumped off to the side, escaping the tremor being caused by Lothina’s hammer. The other two princes weren’t so lucky, as the earth moved underneath their feet and they fell to the floor. The war hammer went up again and Lothina slammed it into the ground once more.

The earth heaved and before Jun-jino could move, the ground beneath him seemed to explode upwards, launching him into the air, as well as Prince Hennes and Prince Amadi. He heard a foreign curse from Amadi but thought nothing of it. His mind was on getting close to the man with the hammer.

His small sword still holstered to his back, he chose to use a different tactic instead, sprinting to his right. Towards Amadi. The other prince cursed, though the words were lost to Jun-jino’s mind. He could see the uncertainty painted across the prince’s face, unsure of whether to face him or Lothina.

Jun-jino didn’t care what the man chose. He was just going to be a platform to launch off on. As he got closer, he saw Lothina ready another blow with his hammer out of the corner of his eye. He leapt at Amadi, who had taken a guard stance.

He saw the prince take a quick swipe at him with a hidden blade but Jun-jino bent forward and with his momentum, avoided the blade swing. Inside Amadi’s space, like a cat, he climbed up the prince and pushed himself away in a jump towards Lothina.

In the air, high above the three men standing on the plains, Jun-jino shook his sleeves and small metal disks appeared, one in each hand. The disks were spherical in shape, with the edges gleaming sharply in the sun. His hands blurred once more and the disks whisked through the air towards Lothina.

One of the disks flew through Lothina’s defense, cutting him just slightly on his neck while the other disk deflected off the prince’s armor. He landed on the ground, switching swiftly into a roll towards Lothina, removing the twin short blades he had behind him. Just as he was about to attack with a pincer move, the ground exploded under him in a shower of fire and rocks, throwing him into the air and away from his opponent. He landed with a dull thud and unconsciousness took him.

\---

Amadi’s eyes lingered on Jun-jino’s unmoving body before switching back to Lothina and Hennes. The former was sagging on the war-hammer he carried while the latter was doing the same as he was doing; trying to decide whether to finish off the unconscious prince or Lothina.

Hennes moved first with his sword held in an attack stance of one of the sword forms he had learnt. He watched as the prince ran towards Lothina who was trying to catch his breath. Hennes attacked with a downwards slash which was promptly blocked by the war-hammer, even though Lothina seemed to stagger back in an attempt to create some space between him and Hennes.

Without taking his eyes off their skirmish, he began to whisper quietly to himself. He could feel the brand on his palm, hidden by his glove, burn as the incantation began to take place. It was an odd prickly feeling as if a soft wind was caressing the mark when the god had branded him in an eternal contract. Still, he kept his focus on the princes and kept repeating the words of power.

He kept his eyes on them as he whispered to himself. Usually, whenever he cast the enchantment to dance with the wind, as the god had explained, he had always done the enchantment with his eyes closed to focus. He couldn’t do it this time. Not while his enemies are fighting a few feet away from him.

As the incantation took hold, he could feel the wind surrounding him change. The ebb and the flow seemed to dance around his arms and ankles, caressing him as a dog might do to its owner. That was the feeling he was waiting for.

*“The west winds are yours to control as you wish when you feel the air beneath your wings…” the god had said. It is surely beneath my ‘wings’ now. All in all, the easy part is done. Now to dance.*

He jumped a few times on the spot, testing to see if the wind listened to his silent commands. When he wanted them to slow his fall, they obeyed, cushioning him against the earth’s pull. When he wanted to stay in the air a little bit longer, he could feel them wrap around his body, suspending him in the air for a few seconds more. A smile crept on Amadi’s lips as he jumped forward, willing the wind to move him towards the princes.

Hennes saw him coming and made a dive to away from him. Lothina was slower, glancing at his back in time to see what was happening. Amadi felt his fist connect with Lothina’s face as he flew past him, yanking the warhammer free from his grip. He tossed the weapon into the air behind him and the wind blew through the plains, carrying the warhammer into the forest and out of sight.

Lothina swore again and began running towards Jun-jino’s twin swords, which were still on the ground. Amadi smiled and willed the wind to retrieve the sword by closing a hand into a fist and drawing it to his chest. Sword closest to Lothina shot away from his grip and towards Amadi. Just as the sword flew through the air, he pointed towards Hennes who had begun to edge away into the forest to escape.

The sword sliced through the air and missed the prince by inches even as Hennes parried the slash with his blade. Amadi gestured with his hand and the sword attacked as if being held by his hand. This was one of the abilities he had spent hours learning. To fight without having to be in the fight. He had hoped to do it from the shadows, so as to catch his opponents unawares. He hadn’t expected to be surrounded by four as soon as they entered the arena.

He descended back to the floor slowly, preparing himself to dance with the god, or however the god had explained it.

*“My powers are that of the earth and the sky. If you want to use it, you have to learn to dance. Dance with me, O’ son of the defiler. Dance,” the god had said.*

So he had learnt. Under the guise of perfecting sword forms, he had gotten his servants to hire a dancer to teach him how to dance.

As his feet touched the ground, he felt something cutting through the air and he sidestepped, narrowly missing the attack from Lothina. The prince brandished the other discarded blade in his hand and took another swipe at him. The blade rebounded off a wall of wind, causing Lothina to falter. Before the prince could recover, the wall of wind pushed against him till there was a considerable distance between him and the princes.

When he was certain that he was safe, he closed his eyes, picturing the first dance lesson he ever took, even as the private band he bought strummed the first string on their instrument. He felt his cheeks flush as he raised a hand to chest level and extended another outwards.

Then he moved, gliding across the hardened ground. He kept his eyes, trying to remember to move as gracefully as he could. He could feel a slight hesitation in the wind as if uncertain as to whether or not to dance along. He willed it to and after another moment’s hesitation, the wind bent to his will and flowed with him.

As he turned in half-spins and moved in half-steps, the wind moved with him, swirling around him in a wide circular motion. The wind seemed to accelerate as he spun and he kept spinning as the dance form required. Soon, a whirlwind was formed around him, and he stood in the eye of it all, sheltered.

In the eye of the whirling wind, he could feel the princes fighting against the wind that tugged at them in a desperate attempt to pull them into the torment. He wasn’t worried. He knew that the wind would triumph.

He heard a yelp before he felt Lothina’s body enter the spinning wind. He smiled and kept dancing, willing a sword into his hand. He felt the wind take hold of the short sword he kept sheathed. It removed the sword and placed it in his hands. He took hold of it and tightened his grip on the handle.

He could hear Lothina powerlessly shouting into the torment, though he couldn’t hear what the prince said. He didn’t care in any case.

Gliding slowly to the whirlwind, he willed the wind to move as he needed and Lothina’s body spun uncontrollably towards him. He stuck a hand in the whirlwind, the blade pointing counter to the wind’s flow and felt as the sword sank into the helpless prince’s neck.

Whatever the prince was shouting died in a gurgle as the body went limp.

Amadi left the body impaled a few seconds as the wind drove pushed the dead prince against the sword. Once he was sure the prince was dead, he removed the sword and let the wind throw the body away.

*One down, two more to kill.*

\---

Hennes pulled his body closer to the tree even as the wind pulled harder at him. Dust rose from the earth partially obscuring his vision but he pushed himself farther towards the forest. A curse rose from the whirlwind behind his back and he turned to see Lothina get picked up and dragged into the cyclone.

Hennes blanched and took another labored step towards the forest. He knew that if he reached it, he could potentially survive through the attack. He had passed the first few trees marking the forest line but he kept pushing on.

*Next step. Take the next step. Take it.*

He repeated the thoughts to himself over and over until the intensity of the wind slackened a little. As it did, he pushed himself harder into the forest.

The pull on his armor slackened ever so slightly but he felt a surge of hope fill his bones and he took the next step away from the cyclone. The pull slackened again and he found he was walking easier than he had done before.

*This is mad. Mad, I say. That the gods would choose all the other princes except for me. Except for me. I’ll show them. I’ll tear their temples down*, he thought angrily to himself as he continued struggling against the wind.

He had been the first to get to the altar. The first to offer his family and their paltry wealth for a god’s boon. He had been the first to be ignored. The very memory annoyed him. He had gone to the altar every day, for the last year and still, none of them deemed him worthy of a small boon. He hadn’t even been worth answering.

He gritted his teeth and moved on.

After a few moments, he was free of the wind’s hold and running through the trees. His leg burned from the exertion and he prayed for some relief. He wasn’t sure what kind of power Amadi had used but he couldn’t help but feel like he had left Lothina and Jun-jino to their deaths. He rested against the trunk of a tree and took a few seconds to stabilise his breathing.

He had heard that the boons that gods give were varied, some mental and some physical. It had never quite dawned on him that the princes could get literal powers. It made the pain rawer. That he had been passed over for the others, after everything he had offered.

*In any case, better them than me*, he thought gravely to himself when he heard a sound in the shrubs in front of him.

Dropping to a crouch, he looked ahead, trying to locate what had made the sound. He glimpsed the handle of Lothina’s war-hammer laying next to him and partially hidden by the tall bush. He reached out to grab it, letting go of his own sword.

As his hand clasped around the shaft of the weapon, he heard the sound again. A strangled cough. Pulling the weapon to himself, his eyes caught the prone form of a prince crawling towards him with a bloodied face and the bottom half of his body mangled beyond repair.

Hennes grimaced as the prince struggled to look him in the eye.

“Please… Help…” the prince croaked.

“My sincere apologies, dear brother. May you find peace in whatever afterlife you believe in,” he said, shaking his head sympathetically.

A brief look of confusion and then, understanding. Tears escaped the prince’s eyes as Hennes hefted the war-hammer over his shoulder and brought it down on the prince’s head. The weapon made a surprisingly soft noise as it caved into the prince’s skull. He dragged the hammer off the body, using the ground to dry off the stain of the prince’s brain.

*This is a mighty weapon. I doubt Lothina will need it. I’ll help him put it to use.*

With that, Hennes took one last glance at the whirlwind that still blew outside the forest, though it seemed to be dying down, and began jogging deeper into the forest.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|
||*Next Chapter on Patreon is late. Will be updated once up.*|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Time seemed to drag as Xioden and the other two princes circled each other, their eyes darting from foe to foe without lingering on for too long. He couldn’t tell who the other prince was but he took note of the prince’s build and tried to guess who he was fighting. In the relative silence, as they watched each other intently, he could vaguely hear the sounds of battle going on in the arena. The crowd cheered and jeered and hooted but the sounds were muted, like a distant buzzing at the back of his mind.

*Focus, Xio… Look for an opening. Wait for an opening…*

The unnamed prince, standing a foot taller than he and Nomina, was garbed in full silver armour with a helmet that covered his face, save a slit exposing bright blue eyes. The prince was armed with a two-handed longsword that seemed to shimmer in the blinding sun. Xioden glanced at Nomina, noticing new short blades in both his hands. He hadn’t seen him draw them.

*Blasted suns. I didn’t even see when he dropped his bow.*

Xioden grimaced, before switching his gaze back to the other prince. No one appeared eager to move. He tightened the grip on his sword and glanced down briefly to check that his shield was still secure. As his eyes came up, he saw the sharp glint of a knife aimed towards his face and he brought his sword up to deflect it, albeit in an awkward fashion.

As he made to move, he noticed that Nomina had done the same to the other prince, who deflected it and jumped forward to attack in one motion. The prince took a few swipes at Nomina, pressing the advantage of his weapon, while the other prince tried to counter with his knives. More knives blurred through Nomina’s hands towards the prince but the silver armour made the attacks harmless.

*Where are all the knives coming from?* Xioden thought, a hint of wonder flashing across his mind.

Without hesitating, Xioden jumped forward with a lunge, the tip of the short sword aimed at the under-arm of the silver armour. The silver-armoured prince spun smoothly, deflecting the sword. Before Xioden could react, he felt a fist connect to his face and he fell to the ground dazed.

His vision blurred as heat and pain flooded his face. He felt an itch, similar to that of his left arm and he spun round in time to block an attack from the silver-armoured prince, though he only appeared hazy to Xioden, like a dream not quite washed away with the waking sun. The prince stood over him, bringing the sword down in another arc and Xioden blocked it once more, crawling away on his back.

He heard a snarl, muffled by the helmet of the prince, and he rolled away as the prince made to stomp on him. As he rolled, the sound of something sinking into the area he previously laid reminded him that he wasn’t alone. Nomina was still in the fight. The prince attacking him spun around too, and Xioden saw the man raise a hand to his neck before grunting and rushing towards Nomina.

*He’s been hurt. And Nomina is missing his helmet. What can I do? What can I…*

Xioden got to his feet shakily, as his eyes rested on the discard knives on the floor. His legs wobbled and he fell to his knees. The sound of fighting continued behind him almost as if he was forgotten. Reaching, he picked up two of Nomina’s discarded knives, tucking them both into his belt. He attempted to rise to his feet once more.

His head hurt and he could feel wetness to the side of his face he hadn’t felt before. He raised a hand and brought it away to see blood. He could taste the iron in his mouth also and he spat out blood to the ground. He growled quietly and ran towards the silver-armoured prince.

With the prince’s attention fixed on Nomina, who retreated with every slash, Xioden charged into the prince’s back with his shield, knocking the prince forward and towards Nomina. The silver-clad prince tumbled to the floor, with the other prince narrowly moving to the side to avoid him. Xioden didn’t wait.

He hurled the knife at Nomina. The prince, caught off-guard at the sight of his own knife speeding towards his head, brought a blade up in an effort to deflect it. This was all the distraction Xioden needed. He removed the second knife from his belt and threw it after the first. The first blade, the decoy, met Nomina’s and the sound of metal against metal filled the air for a brief moment, followed immediately by a ‘*thunk*’ sound.

Nomina fell to the ground with the handle of a knife visible on his forehead and the ghost of a surprised look etched into his face. Xioden’s left arm began to itch and for a moment, he saw a wisp of smoke seem to circle around Nomina. Before he could inspect it more, he heard the growl of the other prince and stepped back.

There was a loud cheer in the crowd again but Xioden dulled it against the backdrop. The silver-armoured prince had gotten back to his feet and was walking towards him menacingly. He walked back to a small clearing where his sword lay without taking his eyes off the prince. The prince gave a brief passing glance to Nomina’s dead body for pressed forward towards Xioden.

Out of nowhere, at the edge of the forest, came a ‘rushing’ sound that beat against his focus. It wasn’t until his opponent glanced and began to run back into the forest that he looked to see what was happening. His body ached and he could feel his head still pounding from the hit to his head. Still, the sight of what he was looking at told him to run.

At the edge of the forest, where the trees broke to an open plane, there was a rush of water swirling around in a wild whirlpool. It stood about seven feet tall with a wide enough diameter to shape the whirlpool into a spherical shape. In the middle of the spherical whirlpool was a prince. And while the prince was far away for Xioden to see his features, he knew who it was.

*Prince Rumar. Lliacin born. Blessed by Neptune and a magic user. Uses no weapons. Kyteka burn me. How am I supposed to face that? Better yet, who is he fighting…*

The question trailed off in his thoughts as another prince ran past him without so much as a look in his direction. Coming back to his senses, Xioden began to run in the opposite direction as the silver-armoured prince. He glanced back briefly to see a wall of water move through the trees with an unnatural speed to smash against the prince that had run past him. Xioden jumped to the floor, before crawling and rising to a crouch, hidden by forest growth.

As the unknown prince fell to the floor, tendrils of water snaked towards him from the water sphere, slowly wrapping themselves around the prince tightly. Rumar jerked his hands about, in a way that told anyone watching that he was deliberately controlling the tendrils. Once the prince was held tightly by the tendrils, the pleading and cries of the man ignored, Rumar moved with the main body of water until the water swallowed the other prince whole.

Xioden watched as the prince struggled to breathe and didn’t seem able to swim out of the ball. From where he crouched he could see Rumar watching with a smug expression on his face. Eventually, the caught prince stopped struggling till he floated limply in the sphere of water. Xioden itched. Just as Rumar was pushing the drowned body out of his defensive water sphere, light flashed in an instant, forcing Xioden to close his eyes with a whelp.

And after the light, the sound of thunder crackling through the forest followed.

\---

Rumar waited for the flash of light to dim out first before he made his move, a small smile curling on his lips. His arm was still across his eyes from when the lightning struck his water defence, but he could see the brief bright light begin to recede. He knew who the lightning and thunder belonged to and he couldn’t help but revel in the thought that he would be the reason for that certain prince’s downfall.

With the light gone and the arena back to the natural sunlight from above, Rumar readied himself. He tilted his head to his left and right, and his bones creaked from the effort. He felt light on his fight, albeit surrounded by water. Opposite him, in the distance just at the edge of the clearing stood his opponent.

Prince Arsa. The firstborn, favourite son and royal prince of Elemira.

“If it isn’t the spoilt prince!” Rumar shouted at him.

Prince Arsa, dressed in deep red light armour with golden hems, just looked back at him with no expression on his face, save the usual calm disdain he retained for anyone not of pure royal blood. Rumar frowned for a brief moment when he saw that the first prince had his sword out, which was already stained with blood.

*No doubt, some helpless prince unsuited for combat.*

“Have you gone deaf?” Rumar asked but the prince said nothing.

Rumar frowned before moving the dead body in front of him to the side and lashing with a tendril towards Arsa. The first prince dodged nimbly and raised his sword in a swift vertical motion. There was another flash of light and the water sphere vibrated and rolled backwards, dragging Rumar with it.

He raised a hand to his eyes, blinded by the sudden light, and cursed. Just as he had rubbed away the stars from his eyes, another light flashed and thunder followed soon after. The sphere shook once more and for a brief moment, it lost its shape. Panic fleeted across his mind as he poured out more magic to stabilize it.

*This is not possible. I’m the only one who can do this. Do it this way. No one else. Not even the blasted fool of a first son… Not without magic.*

When Rumar had gotten his boon from Neptune, he had practiced diligently to understand the limits of what the god was gifting him for the tournament. The god had given him brief command of the waves, to be able to call up a torrent and direct it but never control it. He had used his own magic for that. A water spell learnt from one of the cave prophets back home in Lliacin.

*It is supposed to be my advantage… Mine alone. Damn you, Arsa.*

The priests and scholars he had visited in the city explained that controlling the power of a god, no matter how little was too great for one man to bear and that was why most princes saved theirs for a singular attack when they had the advantage. But Arsa had done three in short successions.

*Damn you, Arsa*.

Yelling, Rumar struck blindly with another tendril, trying to peer through finger slits. The tendrils lashed out to the last location he had seen the prince but hit empty air. Something passed the corner of his eye and he saw Arsa running his long blade through the water. The blade narrowly missed him and he countered immediately.

The sphere contracted and expanded in an instant, slamming Arsa into a tree. As he hit the tree, Rumar launched all the tendrils he could at him, straining his ability. He knew the cost on his magic source was heavy but he also knew that killing Arsa was going to be significant. The first prince was the most favoured to win the tournament especially with a blessing from Zeus. Removing him from the arena permanently was all Rumar could think about.

The tendrils wrapped around Arsa, binding him tightly. Rumar extended his hand out and the tendrils slammed the prince into another tree. As Arsa fell to his knees, he had the tendrils wrapping around him once more. The sphere lost its shape as Rumar focused his full attack on the opponent in front of him.

He repeated the attack over and over, his smile widening as hateful glee took him. Rumar knew he had the advantage and he pressed forward with it, though Arsa tried to cut through the tendrils a few times only to fail at the action. Instead, Rumar was so engrossed in the act, throwing the prince’s body about, that he failed to notice when a double-edged blade slipped through the little water defense at his back and into him.

\---

With his blade inside Rumar, Arsa gritted his teeth and lightning travelled from through his sword into the prince’s body. The body of water that had been assaulting his clone lost its shape and fell to the floor. Arsa danced back, away from the water to avoid soiling himself before moving his attention to his likeness who was wet and bloodied against a tall oak tree. Flicking his wrist, he felt a slight tinge of pain as the power died out.

*Another blight down then. Fool princes fighting for what is already mine.*

He looked up briefly, towards where his father sat watching the arena though his view was hidden by the trees. He grimaced to himself, allowing a small smile to form on his lips. He returned his gaze once more to the other body laying on the ground. The *other* Prince Arsa.

He walked towards the body gently, avoiding pools of water until he stood above his clone. With a shake of the head, the clone shattered into fine pieces of soft glass and melted into the wet ground. His small smile widened, staring a little longer at the ground where the body had laid. It was an almost perfect clone, copying his looks and dress quite impeccably except for the eyes. Anyone who had known him long enough would notice the eyes. The clone had a set of bright green eyes and sometimes looked yellow in the sun which was a sharp contrast to the bright blue eyes he had instead.

It was a small difference but a difference nonetheless. He would have preferred the clone got his likeness to the last detail but he accepted what he got without so much as a hassle. All that was important, was that the plan had worked well enough.

When the plan had come to mind, he hadn’t been certain it was possible. And when he finally tried to do it, he had never expected his patron, Zeus, to accept the terms. Somehow, through some cunning and contract, he had two markings on his body. Two for the patrons that supported him. He wondered briefly if anyone else had thought about his plan, if anyone else had used his other patron as he had. He wasn’t sure and even if it had been done, such a person was probably dead and buried.

Sheathing his sword, Arsa stepped into the trees. He removed a small book from a small pocket in his armour as well as black chalk. He opened to a page with four short vertical markings on it already and made a fifth diagonal mark, cutting across the four already on the page. Nodding contently to himself, he pocketed the book and the chalk and continued deeper into the forest.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Sera hummed quietly as she walked through the Thorn district, gliding through merchant carts and royal carriages as deftly as she could. She floated gracefully on her feet in a manner that anyone watching would have described her as dancing through the crowds. If they could see her, that is…

Growing up in her homeland, one of the things she learnt was how to move quietly and unseen like the elusive Jade Dancers. She had tried telling the story once to one of the princesses of the kingdom but they had stared at her like she was crazy, commenting on how they had never heard of Jade Dancers before.

Ignorance irked her. She had been enjoying her time in the golden city, but she found that the longer she remained, the more her spirit yearned for home. And she would have gone to, if not for *him*.

Her humming stopped and she slowed her movement through the crowd. She couldn’t help but wonder if there was any strength behind her serpent foretelling. Her meeting with the former prince, the Nafri man who now held the throne, had been enchanting. Her cheeks reddened as she recalled his words and how he tried to sweet-talk her.

Still, she had seen the aura around him. And she remembered the words of her snakes. Those two were important.

Biting her lip, Sera reached the gate separating the Thorn district from the Pearl Province. She was dressed in a simple off-yellow dress, with a white shawl around her neck and a small basket in hand. The basket held a myriad of muffins and sweets, all of which she hoped to use as her cover.

To anyone who would notice her, for the moments she let herself be noticed, she would appear as an older woman who has been going around handing out sweets and confectioneries to the less privileged kids in the lower districts.

She could see the guards around the gate, milling around and going about their duties. She hesitated for a moment before moving forward. She took a few steps forward when a voice called to her to stop.

“Hello there!” the voice said and she froze, gritting her teeth. She had been seen before she wanted to be *seen*.

She spun around to see a man in a blue carriage, with the door open. The man was looking at her with an amused smile. The carriage driver kept his eyes ahead as if he couldn’t see her but the man he was riding gestured for her to come closer.

“Surely, you’re aware that the guards won’t let you in dressed like that?” he said, gesturing with his head.

“Sorry, do I know you?” Sera said, stepping closer to him.

“No. But I know you, Sera,” he replied with a chuckle.

Her eyes narrowed as she regarded the man suspiciously. She couldn’t recall meeting the man anywhere. And her name, she had been extremely cautious in giving her name to any other person than the current king. She bristled at that, frowning at the man.

“Are you going to give me a ride in your carriage? Or just hinder my progress as you currently have?” she said with a smooth face.

“Oh…” the man said, his smile disappearing, “...sure.”

She gave him a tight smile in response as he gave way for her to climb into his carriage. She took the seat opposite him while he closed the door to the carriage. He made for the small window separating the rider from him and opened his mouth to speak before pausing.

“You do plan to go to Xioden, right?” he asked, suddenly unsure.

“That is the plan, yes.”

He nodded and gave the order for the carriage rider to continue. Slowly, the carriage got back into motion towards the gate. She watched as the prince sat back in his seat. She pursed her lips for a moment before sighing and letting go of the basket she carried and the illusion she had been using for her cover.

At once, the colours of her dressing deepened until they seemed to reflect the light of the sun coming through the carriage windows. The shawl elongated until it resembled a fur coat and a small circlet rested on her head. All the while, the prince watched with barely concealed surprise and she gave him a small smile in return.

“So, you know who I am, but I have no idea who you are. I would have thought someone of royal blood would have some manners…” she said, coyly.

“Ah! Right. My humblest apologies,” he replied before bowing his head towards her.

“I am the 25th prince of the kingdom of Elemira, though I’m unsure as to what relevance that now holds with the new king. I am called Jonshu, son of Sahana,” he said.

“I’d say ‘Well met’, had you not interrupted my plan in the way you did,” she said dismissively before asking, “How did you see through my illusion?”

The man, Jonshu, frowned at the question before scratching his head and smiling nervously.

“I have my methods, Lady Sera. Magic is something that I’ve found easy to discern. An advantage from young,” he replied with a shake of his head.

*“He lies…”* said a voice in her mind.

“I’m still slightly insulted that my work was seen through. I’m going to have to work on my skill for another time,” she said with a wide smile.

Sera hadn’t been sure of the man before but now, she couldn’t help but feel like getting into his carriage was a bad idea. She couldn’t see any change to the blue and gold aura flowing around him and there was nothing about the aura itself to make her worry about what the man might do.

But her serpents have never been wrong.

Jonshu laughed in response, relaxing in his seat. There was a warmth in the laughter, a sense of genuine emotion seeping through.

*I wondered why he lied. Then again, I am a stranger to him. He might know my name but he does not know what I can do and why I can do the things I can do. Perhaps, that is why he lied,* she thought, fingering the small ring on her right hand.

Glancing out of the window to catch a view of her surroundings, she saw that they had almost made their way through the province, after which lay her final destination. She looked back at him and gasped in surprise as their eyes locked. She turned her stunned face into a laugh before raising a hand to cover her mouth in an attempt to compose herself.

Or rather, to pretend like she was.

“Apologies,” he began, chuckling and looking away briefly, “It’s just that, Xioden was smitten by you at the ball. I can see why.”

“You men,” she said, rolling her eyes, “A tight dress and a little bit of skin drives the lot of you crazy.”

“It’s not so much the dress and the skin… It’s a tease of what’s underneath that does. We are simple folk, men. We don’t discriminate when we see a diamond in front of us, regardless of whether or not we’re peasants or high-born.”

That made her laugh and he laughed in return as the carriage led them up the road to the castle.

\---

Xioden sat on the floor of his study, leafing through parchments and books. His studies about the kingdom were still ongoing and he felt as if there was still more to be learnt every time he picked up something new. Already, he had burnt through the history of elemira, the spending of coins, alliances, current and expired and better yet, exports and trades.

For all the madness that Roedran did, the man had juggled so much on his own. The seven nobles of the council had confided in him on how the former king took charge of all the aspects they were supposed to be in charge of. He could see why some of them wanted him off the throne.

From the stories they told him, he would have taken Roedran to be an incompetent ruler who enjoyed debauchery as a means to pass the time. Only Lady Kana and Lord Timon seemed to think that the former king was shrewd with his decisions and his actions. As such, both nobles had worked on creating secret stashes to hold a little of what the kingdom had for instances where there was a deficit.

Xioden was glad they both trusted him enough to reveal that to him and in turn, he gave them the freedom to use whatever they had stored in whatever manner they felt was needed. That and also the fact that they had agreed with his idea of getting some light crystals from Illimerea. Lord Dekkar was on his way to propose the deal.

More importantly, Lord Harlin had given him records of the old world which he pored over. The dream he had, the first that ended with a visit of Thanatos still rang in his mind and he wondered how much of what he saw was real. The scrolls and books holding the information had been safely tucked away in his room, away from prying eyes.

He still planned on returning to the underground tunnel though Kattus argued against it.

*“It wouldn’t be right for the new king to vanish for a few days without your enemies spinning that to your advantage. Let me go. I’ll take a few of the soldiers and we can return safely.”*

His agreement had been reluctant but the man had a point. As a newly raised king, he had to be around the people as much as he could.

After all, it was why he undid the law banning citizens from bringing their grievances to the king. None of the Elemirans had done so as of yet, but he hoped they would trust him enough to come and see him. That way, he could show them that he was a just ruler, unlike his father had been.

There was a knock on the door and he looked up from the parchments.

“Your majesty?” a small voice called.

“Come in,” he said and the door opened to reveal one of his servants, a small man called Tiko.

He had asked about the man’s name and where he was from, but the man never divulged. Only smiled and said it was what his mother named him.

“What is it, Tiko?” he asked.

“My lord, a certain Prince Jonshu and Lady Sera are in the throne room, awaiting you. They say that they are your friends and wish to have an audience with you,” the man said.

“Oh!” Xioden exclaimed, getting to his feet.

He looked around for a moment and then at how he was dressed. He was wearing a simple white shirt with black pants to match. His crown was on the small table next to him and he picked it up and put it on before moving towards the door. Then, he stopped.

“Bring them here actually. Let them come here. I will need chairs, some wine and some food to be brought into the study,” he said looking around.

“Yes, my lord,” Tiko replied and exited the room.

Xioden thought about clearing up the parchments from the floor, around where he was previously sat but left it to be. He had been studying. He wouldn’t pretend in front of Jonshu and Sera. Still, he picked the crown from the table and placed it on his head.

His study in the castle was much bigger than what he had in his previous house. The room was larger and more robust in size, with multiple windows to allow for better air circulation and lighting. Additionally, the room held more shelves than he had ever seen and he was grateful and slightly in awe at the thought of visiting the royal library rumour to have more shelves than space.

He took a seat on the only chair by the table and tried to lounge in it as if expecting them. Then, he changed his mind and sat up straight which made him feel foolish. He sat to the side, putting an arm over the back of the chair, before deciding this too was foolish.

*Why am I nervous? Kyteka burn me. They are my friends. Why do I worry so?*

He got back to his feet and stood behind the chair, looking at the door. Seconds ticked away as he waited anxiously for his friends to enter. After a few more seconds, he moved away from behind the chair and decided on clearing up the parchments from the ground.

As he bent, the door opened and Jonshu strode in with Lady Sera at his heels. He immediately straightened and smiled at them. Jonshu was wearing all white once more, with green shoes and while Sera was dressed in luscious golden dress and shone like the sun. She also had fur coat over her shoulders as she moved into the room.

“Oh, look Jonshu. It would appear we caught the king unawares!” Sera said in mock surprise.

“It would appear so. I guess, even as a king, he still just a village boy in a big world,” Jonshu said in response, wide-eyed.

Xioden began to laugh, relaxing as he did so.

“And even now, you still show me how much there is to learn about being royalty, Jonshu,” he said to his friend before turning to Sera.

“I am… pleased that you came to see me. It is an honour to be able to see your beauty again.”

“Whispering sweet nothings once more, *King* Xioden? My, even in the presence of people,” she replied with a smile as she seemed to glide towards him.

His breath caught as her dress shimmered in the sunlight and he couldn’t help but think on things that would have made his cheeks redden had he been of a lighter shade. Still, he coughed as Jonshu laughed behind her. She reached him and her hand caressed his cheek softly. He could feel her breath on his skin and in that moment, that was all he wanted to ever feel.

Tiko came in through the door with a few servants, carrying chairs and trays of freshly baked bread, grapes and cheese. They set the chairs down by the table, avoiding the parchments and scrolls on the floor. Tiko placed a tray of wine on the table with three cups, while another placed the tray with the food.

“Come,” he said quietly to Sera before looking up at his friend who had picked up a bunch of grapes to eat.

“Come. Sit with me. It has been a while since I’ve seen you both. There is much to talk about and much to catch up on,” he spoke, indicating towards the table, “Come.”

Holding Sera by the hand, he led them to the table. Sera next to him while Jonshu sat opposite him. All the servants exited the room save for Tiko, who filled the cups with wine before going to stand by the door to the study.

“You have gotten used to servants, Xio. Farooq’s lessons have finally hit home,” Jonshu said as he took a sip out of his cup.

“Ah! Not as you think. But what else am I supposed to do?” Xioden laughed.

“You could send them all off…” his friend said behind his wine cup and Sera rolled her eyes in response.

“I could. Then, I’d have to cook, clean and rule all by myself. I believe I would be ineffective,” he replied with a smile.

“You could nominate the nobles you dislike into the roles. It would be funny to see one of them scurrying around, doing laundry,” Sera interjected as she picked a grape from the tray.

*Gods, is she beautiful…*

“Indeed, that would be funny to see,” he said before looking at both of them in the eye.

“I am deeply sorry for not seeing you two earlier. After everything you have both done, I apologise. You are welcome into my courts at any time, and if you wish for more, I can find areas within my rule where you can establish yourself,” he said, inclining his head slightly towards them.

“Raise your head, my king,” Sera said softly just as Jonshu said, “It’s not that serious, Xio.”

“Maybe not. But I truly do appreciate the both of you in my life. You, Jonshu, for extending the hand of friendship when I had none in a country that sees me and my kind as nothing more than animals,” he said, looking at Jonshu before turning his attention to Sera, “And you, Sera… for being…”

She smiled wider, showing her teeth before speaking.

“You can whisper sweet nothings to me later, son of Nafri. We do have conversations to be had, so you can serenade me then,” she responded before fixing her gaze on the food.

He heard Jonshu cough and he narrowed his eyes at his friend who gave him a mischievous look and he shook his head in embarrassment.

“I, for one, will have to pass on joining your council and the likes. You know me. I prefer pleasure and entertainment far more than politics and subterfuge. We do have to talk though, but I think we should just enjoy each other's company for now,” Jonshu said and he nodded along with Sera.

And they wined and dined the rest of the day, talking about life outside Elemira, their homes and their respective dreams.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Trumpets blared loudly, announcing their presence as the procession of guards and priests began to make their way down the stairs to the castle and past the gates. They walked in measured paces, moving in sync as they wormed their way through the other guards standing at the ready. They didn’t stare at the procession but instead kept their eyes slightly tilted towards the sky.

Kattus found himself shifting his attention between the gate, the procession and the guards that stood like silent sentries all around them. Once they passed the gates, he replaced the gates with the crowd awaiting the procession.

His eyes scanned children with faces of awe as the procession made its way slowly towards the wooden platform in the middle of the district. Some of the adults wore the same expression of reverence as the children, mixed with those who had concern and caution painted all over their faces.

From where he stood, a few metres away from Xioden’s back, he caught the slightly irritated expressions of some of the noble heads, especially that of House Tevan. Lord Dekkar eyes fixated on Xioden with an intensity that made his hands twitch for his sword. Lady Kana of House Claren had an expressionless face while the Lord and Lady of House Sengh had a small smile on their faces.

With the other houses farther, he found it difficult to catch their expressions. He did make a mental note to inform Xioden of a chance probable trouble in House Tevan. He couldn’t place a finger on it but his instincts told him to be careful around the lord.

The procession continued with the trumpet accompaniment towards the platform. As they drew close, the twelve guards stepped to the side still facing the platform, making a way for the procession behind them. The priests walked through without slowing and Xioden followed suit. With him in the rear, he glanced over the guards’ faces expecting something different to the expressionless face they all wore.

As the priests drew closer to the base of the platform stairs, they divided, taking up a post at sections of the platform. The Elder Haman continued up the stairs and Xioden followed. When he reached the lowest rung of the stairs, Kattus stepped to the side and stood at ease. He placed his left hand on his sword and his right hand across his chest.

Without looking behind, he heard the sound of the twelve procession guards doing the same action he had performed.

As soon as the Elder priest and Xioden reached the top of the platform, the elder man raised his hands high in the air and the trumpets ceased abruptly, plunging the whole district into silence.

“Hear me, hear me! Sons and daughters of Elemira! Your king has been chosen,” the Elder priest began, his voice carrying over the crowd like it had been magnified. “Your king has been tested. He is of the blood of the throne. He laid his claim down at his father’s feet. He jumped into the lows of the arena, garbed in nothing but leather armour and an iron sword.”

The Elder Haman turned to face Xioden, grabbing the man’s face in his hands.

“He received a blessing from his patron, a gift of servitude and strength. A gift of a promise.”

The man let go of Xioden’s face and turned to the ground once more, raising his hands again.

“He fought against odds. He fought against powers. He fought against his half brothers and prevailed where they all fell. And now… he stands before you!”

Kattus could feel the atmosphere change. There was an anticipation in the air. He scanned the crowd quickly, his grip tightening for a brief moment. Every face in the crowd now had expectations written all over them, save the lords of the noble houses. They still maintained their looks, though Lord Dekkar’s face was less heated than it had been.

He shifted his gaze back to the priest who had moved towards the crown sitting idly in the glass casing. Removing the crown, he turned to face the crowd.

“He kneels before the people of Elemira one last  time, as a mere prince…”

The priest turned to face Xioden who smoothly dropped to a knee, bowing his head before the elderly man. The Elder brought his hand down gently as he placed the crown on Xioden. The priest hesitated for a short second as if waiting for something before carrying on.

“And stands, as the king.”

Xioden rose to his feet.

“All hail the king!”

Kattus, along with the priests around the platform and the guards standing behind him, intoned along with the Elder Priest.

“All hail the king!” the Elder Haman said once more and the lords and ladies of the royal houses intoned with him.

Turning to face the crowd, the priest lifted his hand into the air and shouted.

“All hail the king!”

And the crowd went wild, chanting along with the priest and hailing Xioden. The roar of the crowd was deafening and infectious so much so that Kattus found himself laughing. Apart from the nobles, everyone seemed to be shouting and screaming versions of ‘All hail the king’ or ‘Hail, King Xioden’ or ‘Your Majesty’.

He hadn’t expected the reaction from them at all, especially with the cautious faces he had seen during the procession. Nonetheless, now the crowd seemed overjoyed at the prospect of a new ruler.

He relaxed the grip on his sword and turned his attention back to his friend, the new king.

He could see the edges of a smile on the man’s face as he waved to the crowd. With every wave, the people would shout louder and louder. Eventually, the cries and shouts faded as everyone now awaited their new king’s first speech.

Elder Haman walked down the platform to stand at the opposite side of the stairs to Kattus. Giving him a brief nod, they looked up at Xioden and waited.

For his own part, King Xioden walked the length and breadth of the platform before pausing in the centre after which he faced the crowd. And then he spoke.

“Citizens of Elemira… I welcome you and I thank you… for accepting me as your king. I am deeply humbled by your response and greatly moved that you all came to see my ascension to the throne. For such an act, I declare this day, a day of celebration. A day that will repeat yearly. A day to feast and make merry with your friends and your family. This is to be my first decree.”

The crowd exploded into loud cheers with the announcement, much louder than they had been for his coronation and it took a while for them to calm down enough for Xioden to continue. Kattus hadn’t been expecting it but the news made him smile wider all the same.

*If I remember correctly, all Roedran did was promote a few well-to-do folks into the ranks of nobility. His cohorts. That hadn’t been met with anything for a few cheers from the royal houses. But this… this is great. Plus, making the people cheer for you twice in a row is always a good way to get them to like you, Xioden. Keep it going…*

“As per tradition, my second decree would be to address the religion that we as a nation will follow until my death…” Xioden said before pausing as he glanced at the sky and back to the crowd before him.

“And this religion will be one that we serve. One that we worship. One that the priests would keep watch and pray and beseech that they hear our prayers and bless us with gifts from above. We would make smaller items to depict their divinity and hang it in our homes and workplaces as a sign that they are who we serve… About who I serve…”

Kattus frowned at the last few words which were whispered. He glanced at the priest who seemed to stare intently into Xioden’s back.

“And we would worship them and worship them. And yet, the only ones they answer are the princes who promise them boons.”

A murmur passed through the crowd and Kattus glanced around. The nobles had confused looks on their faces while the crowd nodded with his statements.

*What are you doing?*

“As they have shunned us, we will shun them in return. Mark my words, all of you children of Elemira. They need us more than we need them. Their very existence rests on our very worship to them. They destroyed the world a hundred times over, more than our ancestors did squabbling over themselves. And what did we do? We survived.”

Heads nodded in agreement and the murmur grew louder.

“We thrived. We banded together and created our lives from scratch. And what do they do? They demand. Demand. That we worship for our own protection.”

Someone shouted an agreement in the crowd and it got carried by everyone around them.

“We called out to them for healing. For guidance. For blessings. And they kept quiet. Quiet until we found mana. Until we found the means by which we could fight for ourselves. We found magic,” the king spat as he carefully took off his coat and placed it on the chair on the platform.

*What are you doing, Xioden? Where is this all leading to?* Kattus thought worriedly to himself. He exchanged a look with Elder Haman who gave him a tight smile and a shake of the head.

“Some of you are thinking… ‘*How can you say that? Weren’t you blessed by a god?*’ and it is a valid thought. Except, I wasn’t blessed by a god. I pleaded and begged. I made promises, offered my all and they left me to be. Left me to my own devices…”

Xioden rolled up the sleeves of his left arm until his marking was visible for all to see.

“My prayers weren’t all for nought, however. Someone heard me. Someone far more powerful than the gods. Someone they all fear. I was marked on that day. Marked for the truth of all things. The truth that no matter what happens, one thing will always be constant. And that one ‘thing’... that one thing is *death.*”

The markings on Xioden left arm glimmered in the sun for a moment before a dark aura began to emit from it. The aura extended itself until it covered Xioden and once that was accomplished, it began to extend itself to the platform. As the aura touched the platform, a ripple of gasps seized the crowd. Kattus himself has his mouth open as the aura seemed to eat away at the wooden platform.

“Hear me, people of Elemira. Hear my second decree! Henceforth, the temples will cast down every statue of every god that calls Elemira their home ground. As they have left us to our devices, we will leave them to theirs. If you wish to worship them, do so in the comfort of your home. Elemira will be her own saviour. We will toil the earth as we’ve always done. We will make bread and find healing as we’ve always done. We will marry, give birth and live until the end with our own strength. We will survive. As we always have. As we always will. That is my decree.”

The crowd cheered loudly as the aura dissipated from Xioden. Kattus watched as he wore his coat once more and began to descend down the stairs.

He caught the king’s eye and for a moment, felt a wave a sorrow wash over him.

It was just as he moved to join his friend that the crowd began to chant behind him.

“All hail, King Xioden!”

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Cynre fell to the ground gasping for air. His muscles burned and he felt like he had been running for the whole day. He had been running but only to escape the wind that Prince Hennes had been commanding. He crawled to hide behind another tree as he tried to catch his breath. 

The sound of the wind howling behind him drew closer and he considered his options. He knew he wasn’t as skilled as the rest of the princes but he didn’t want to die to the *wind*. Checking the small brand on his right arm, he rubbed it and cursed himself. When Agni, an old god of fire, had given him the blessing, the god had made it clear that the gift would only work when he was ready to give up something important to him. 

He had tried offering some of his family members to the god to change the terms but the god had laughed at his efforts and rebuffed him all the same. The act had been despicable and he was glad that the god hadn’t used the act as a reason to strip the blessing off him, but Cynre was unsure as to what he would have to give up to use the ability. 

The wailing wind came closer and Cynre darted ahead through the forest to another tree. He glanced back, looking at Hennes who still walked slowly. He couldn’t see the prince’s face clearly but he hoped the man was beginning to tire out. 

*There’s no way he can hold the wind for that long and not begin to falter. I just need a chance. Just one chance…* 

He let out another heavy breath and started running when a gust of wind slammed into him from behind. He spun in the air before falling to the hard ground. He spat out blood and tried to get back to his feet when another gust of wind caught him from the side and spun him around the wind dome before throwing him further north. 

Cynre collided with a tree and its branches on its way down. A cry of pain escaped him. Before he could do anything else, the wind got hold of him again and began to spin him around. He cried out for help but his words were lost in the turbulence. Eventually, the wind let go of him and he was discarded to the side like garbage. 

He remained on the floor for a while, trying to catch his breath. His head hurt and it pounded with a ferocity that made him wish there were healers nearby. Struggling to his knees, he watched as Hennes, surrounded by the wind storm, walk away. 

*That is… Did he not see me or…?* 

Cynre shook his head and tried to stand up. His knees felt weak and he felt back down to the ground. He frowned and tried once more, using the nearby tree to steady himself. Once he was sure that he wouldn’t fall back down, he glanced at the marking on his skin but he felt nothing within it. 

Cursing to himself, he looked at the direction Hennes had walked and debated whether or not it was worth following the prince. As if assisting in making his decision, he heard a word on the wind in no more than a whisper. 

Shocked at what he had heard, he began to follow. 

\---

Hennes continued walking forward unable to slow or halt his pace. He berated himself for over-tasking himself with the spell, but he couldn’t move his lips to talk. Instead, he screamed in his mind as he faded in and out of consciousness. 

Every couple of moments, he would regain consciousness within the swirling wind itself. He’d spin around with the flow of the air, screaming and shouting for help, seeing his body continue to walk in the same direction as if being compelled. He would wail against his body, hoping that, somehow, he’d regain control and snap out of the control of the element. In this state, the wind would sometimes take his sights higher than the tallest tree. At other times, it would brush him against the hard ground and through the forest. 

After a few rotations, unconsciousness would snatch him back and when his eyes open, he’d be back inside his body. Able to see out of his own eyes and hear the sounds of his surroundings but with no control. He tried to cry but tears failed him. 

Willing himself to stop walking, he attempted to grab the wind he controlled and force it to stop spinning around him. Every time he felt he had a grip on the magic flowing out of him, it would slip through his fingers and feel as though the wind was grabbing on his very being instead. 

And just as another scream would form in his ethereal voice, he’d lose consciousness once more and dance to the wind’s whims. 

\---

Felipe half-ran, half-jogged northwards. After disposing of Ifer, he had caught a glimpse of a prince running, followed by what looked like a storm of wind chasing after him. Felipe had hastily gotten dressed and followed the trail. 

He had gotten close enough to the dome of air swirling wildly around to see another prince walking in the midst of it, as if unaffected. He had been moving from tree to tree, taking care to not get caught in the storm but he wanted to get a better view of the situation at hand. Felipe had made out the identity of Prince Cynre, the prince running ahead of the storm but it had taken him a few more moments to see the outline of Hennes’ face. 

*Makes a lot more sense… Looks like the fool overused his ability. Fool step-brother.* 

He let out a quiet laugh to himself. He had expected more from his step-brothers, a lot more than he had experienced at the very least. Apart from maybe the first and second prince, Felipe felt the rest of his competition would be far too inept to notice his traps before he sprung it. 

The nature of poison he used was unlike any other his step-brothers would know. They didn’t work like any none poison either. The secret of the act was something that he was planning to keep to himself. A simple deviation in an understanding of how certain abilities worked and how they can be tweaked to his advantage. 

It was why he had caused so much confusion when he asked for a certain goddess’ help in the tournament. He had heard the stories that moved around the town after that. The rumours and the gossips that began from the mouths of the temple priests. 

Felipe didn’t particularly mind that the story had spread. Instead, he focused on ensuring that no one understood the plans he had for the new powers he now held. He planned for the secret to remain between the goddess that helped and himself. Anyone else that heard it, was swiftly dispatched before such news could spread. 

He continued to follow the two princes, mulling over his plans for the rest of the tournament. With both princes heading towards where he guessed the others where on account on the lightning he saw flashing in the distance, a plan began to form itself in his mind. A plan so simple, that it would help him eliminate the rest of his brothers. 

*And it all rests on you, Prince Hennes. You have, in your foolishness, now become my salvation.*

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The smell of pastry wafted into the quiet room in a steady flow. Steady enough to cause the Geashin man to grimace for a brief moment before smoothing his face once more. He didn’t hate the smell. On the contrary, it made his stomach rumble in joyous expectation but he ignored it, choosing to remain where he was. 

The room was small and square in shape. A light-green carpet covered the floor, designed with blue spirals seemingly heading towards the middle of the room. There was a small table, place to the wall in the room, with a single jar of picked flowers to decorate the otherwise sparse room. The Geashin man sat in the middle of the room, with his legs crossed in front of him with both feet resting below the opposite knee, and his hands resting on his thighs. To his sides were two small plates with lit incense candles on them. 

When he began his meditation for the day, he had positioned himself to face the door to the small room, a habit he was reluctant to ever break. His instructor had drilled a simple lesson into his body during his younger years, a lesson that now dictated his every move and even conversation with people. 

*“Always be cautious. Everyone is an enemy on foreign ground. Remember, Keikai!”. Vigilance!* 

That memory was the reason he kept a short sword behind him, close enough that he could unsheath and strike anyone that came close to him within seconds. 

He had been meditating for most of the morning, steadying his breathing and relaxing to calm his nerves but more to ensure he could feel his body at its peak state. The tournament was set to begin in the coming hours and he wanted to be certain he entered the arena in his best possible form. As such, he had been in the room far before dawn, ignoring the smell of breakfast. 

The Geashin man had even chosen to ignore the slight tremor in the earth that had happened moments ago. A question of concern had wafted through his thoughts, whispering for him to leave his meditation state and inquire as to what had happened but he had silenced the thought as quickly as it had come. 

*I need to be ready. Above all else.* 

The door to the room creaked open and his attention peaked. Thoughts were banished from his mind as he focused, listening intently for sounds of footsteps or breathing. He always could hear breathing and which was something no one had taught him. He had simply discovered it during his training in the underground temples. It was a skill he kept to himself, divulging the truth only to his mother and even then, only because she had been drunk on wine. 

“My lord?” a small quiet voice called from the door. 

He didn’t respond but relaxed slightly. He kept his eyes shut still, choosing to ignore his servant. The voice had been familiar enough for him to recognise though he had mentioned to the servant on numerous occasions not to disturb him. Yet still, Inoari never learnt. 

*Perhaps it's time I let her go, but I shall make that decision once I am on the throne. Until then…* 

“There is news, my lord… Hiran is not around, so I thought I should… be the one to tell you, my lord,” she continued, halting through her speech at moments. 

There was a fear in her voice, a fear that wasn’t attributed to his discipline. A fear that seemed to come from something outside the walls of his house. He lazily opened an eye and the servant flinched, taking an unconscious step back away from the room. 

*So you fear me still? Good. Perhaps it is also time I intensify that fear.* 

“What is it?” he spoke, his voice smooth. 

“There was an explosion in one of the prince's’ mansion. There is word that the prince is dead,” Inoari said, her voice trembling. 

“You disturb my meditation with a rumour, do you?” he replied, scowling. He had tried to keep the edge away from his words, but it slipped through, judging from the way she seemed to jump from fright. 

“It might be true, my lord. The city mages, the dousers, have put themselves forward to quench the fire before it spreads to the other houses in the district,” she said before hesitating. She snuck a few glances at him, before speaking in a lower tone. 

“...and I overheard you telling Hiran to inform you about the princes if anything happened.” 

The man regarded her for a while, waiting till she began to shift nervously on her feet. 

“So you spied on my Chief manservant and I, did you? I’m going to allow your insolence to last a bit longer. I’m also going to close my eyes once more. When I open them, you shouldn’t be in the house.” 

With that, he closed his eyes and tried to regain some composure. His mind was racing, however. He hoped that it was the case. He hoped that some hapless prince had truly killed themselves but he knew he couldn’t count on it. He couldn’t and wouldn’t count on it. Not unless he was there to see it. Not unless he was there to do it himself. 

*In any case, one prince down, a few more to go.* 

\---

A soft breeze washed over Xioden and he shivered before blinking. White clouds came into focus, moving slowly across the expanse of blue sky. And then, as if appearing out of the void, spots of black begin to dot his vision, descending slowly towards him. He blinked again and the sky suddenly seemed to be back in his place, far from reach, almost as if to mock him. 

He blinked. 

*Ashes...*

He could finally put a name to the black spots falling towards him. He opened his mouth as if to speak but he couldn’t. Or maybe he could, but he couldn’t say for sure. He did know that his body rejected his commands. 

He blinked. 

Sound rushed back to him. He could hear men and women shouting and crying though they sounded distant to him. Nonetheless, he struggled to tilt his head towards the direction of the sound and after an age, his head swivelled, resting on a broken piece of a smooth object. He opened his mouth but no sound came out. 

He blinked. 

There was a familiar face standing above him. A man, broad and tall, looking at him with concern and what seemed to be fear. The man bent down towards him and Xioden wanted to run away but he couldn’t move his body. Cold hands grabbed him and dragged him away from the wreckage of sorts. In the distance, he could see fire and smoke emanating from the ruins of a house. His house. The thought hit him with a certainty that he couldn’t place. 

*Yes… My house. My house is on fire. My house…*

He heard a sound, something akin to a question and he found himself staring at the man’s concerned face. He opened his mouth in turn and a sound finally came out, though he seemed to croak as opposed to speaking. 

“...Wha-”

His mouth felt unusually dry so he closed it and tried to wet it a few times before trying again. 

“Are you okay, my lord?” 

The sound was clearer, as with the man’s face. In a strange way, he could tell both the face and the voice were familiar but he couldn’t quite place them. He felt like the name was just at the edge of his recollection but every time he tried to reach it, he would just miss it by a hair. 

“Xioden!” 

Hearing the name being called caused him to shake so suddenly, he seemed to spasm on the spot. Thoughts and memory came rushing back to him with a potency that forced him to cradle his head in his hands. He remembered Thanatos visiting him, he remembered their conversation and he remembered being pushed out of the window. And then he remembered the sound.

“Prince Xioden?” 

“Stop shouting my name, Kattus. My head pounds,” he replied, hoarsely. 

He heard a sigh of relief as the man gently let go of him and sat on the floor. The man looked far more relaxed than Xioden could understand but he didn’t care. He was more interested in the ruins he was staring at. 

“What happened?” he asked, straining to make the words out. 

“No one knows… I, myself, was in my quarters when the ground shook and the heavens roared with a booming sound. I came running when I saw the smoke coming from the direction of your house.” 

He noticed the man seemed to shift uneasily when he said that. The guard was dressed in a plain grey undershirt, though he wore his guard pants, leather boots and had his sword sheathed to his side. Xioden felt pain assault his body from all sides, and they only seemed to intensify when he tried to get to his feet. 

“Help me, Kattus…” 

The guard moved deftly to his side, lifting him up. Xioden rested a bit on the guard, slowly checking his limbs and his body to see how badly he was hurt but apart from the pain that he felt, he was largely whole. He began to walk forward slowly and Kattus assisted him.

“Farooq?” he asked the guard who only shook his head. 

“We’ve pulled out a few bodies but the healers and dousers haven’t identified them yet…” 

There was a slight hesitation at the end of the sentence that made Xioden pause and look at the guard who grimaced and fixed his stare on the building. Xioden followed his gaze, his vision clearer now. There were men and women of different sizes in front of the building, five men and two women to be sure. The Dousers, three tall stoic men, were dressed in a black and deep red cloak, working together to create large floating balls of water which they then slowly showered over burning areas. 

To his left side, there were numerous bed-rolls, with people lying on them. Some of the bed-rolls with people were completely covered, signifying that they were dead. Others had healers moving between them. The healers wore a variation of the Dousers’ cloak, with a golden yellow substituted for the red colour. He had never had to use any of the two groups before, but he had caught a few glances of them, back when he was living in the lower districts. 

“Who died, Kattus? In the house… How many of mine did I lose?” 

The guard didn’t reply immediately, instead helping the prince to move forward till he could walk for himself. He walked tentatively ahead, taking time with each step. He noticed the guard had stopped, so he turned to face the man. 

“Kattus?” he asked again. 

“Arissa. Your bakers, as well. You never really spoke about the rest in my presence but one or two others from the servant quarters.”

“Who did this?” Xioden growled as he spun back towards the building. He snarled as anger filled him. 

He felt a hand grab him and he turned to see Kattus had moved to his side. 

“The barrels with the dust are gone. If I’m to guess, that’s what caused it,” the guard whispered. 

The anger drained from his face, replaced with horror as his eyes followed the healers and dousers while they worked. He felt a chill descend on him. He shivered once. And then again, And then continuously, as his mind rolled the thoughts around.

*I killed them all. Blast me. Blast me to the ends of the world and back once more. Kyteka burn me. I am responsible…*

“I don’t th-”

“What about the weapon? I usually-” 

“I have it, my lord,” the guard said, putting a hand around his stomach area with a nod. Xioden nodded back, shivering again. He felt vulnerable. Emotions whirled through him like a torrent and he was unsure of how to feel or what to do next. Some part of him felt like he knew why the god had shown up beforehand. 

*Damn you, Thanatos. Damn you! You came for them and you couldn’t even afford me time to save them. I could have saved them. I could have done...*

“I don’t thin-” the guard began once more before another voice cut through both men’s whispered conversation. 

“Xio!” 

Xioden turned to see Jonshu run towards him, fear and concern on his friend’s face. Jonshu grabbed him by the shoulders, looking at him up and down before speaking. 

“Are you alright? What happened? Do you need to be seen to?” Jonshu asked, firing three questions before he had a chance to respond to the first. The prince turned towards the healers, about to call when Xioden touched his arm.  

“I am in pain, but well. I don’t need a healer. A bath and a short rest should do me fine” 

“Are you certain?” Jonshu asked before looking back to the healers, “ I need a healer!” 

“I am certain, friend. Very.”

“Alright. Come with me. You can stay at mine for as long as you need,” Jonshu said, taking the lead and walking towards his carriage which was waiting by the healing tents. 

Xioden began to follow him, with Kattus walking close behind. He took a few steps before stopping and turning back to the guard. In his surprise, pain and hurt at the what had happened, his memory had held back the recollection of the tournament. The tournament due to start by noon. 

“Kattus?” he said in a low voice. 

“My lord?”

“Keep the weapon with you, but help me find some more of the black dust before noon. We will meet at the entrance.”

The guard frowned temporarily but Xioden shook his head vehemently. 

“I will be participating. Think not of it. Now go, we don’t have time.”

The guard nodded and melted away. Xioden’s eyes lingered on Kattus’ back a while longer before following his friend back home. 

\---

Xioden made his way briskly through the halls of the lavish house, frowning at how long it took him to get from place to place. He felt a weird ache in him, as his mind drifted back to what had happened to his house. He thought about Arissa and the bakers, Tila and Ollu, the twin bakers who had dutifully chosen of their own accord to serve him. He thought about Farooq, wondering and hoping his chief manservant was still alive. 

Jonshu had hosted him in a spare room, with a hot bath and some oils the prince said would help with the soreness he felt in his bones. More than anything, he was hungry. Hungry enough to eat for days if he had the time. 

*If I had the time...*

He pushed the thoughts to the side as he walked into what he assumed to be the dining, as he glimpsed a few trays of food situated on a long table. He saw Jonshu sitting at the head of the table as if waiting for him to arrive. He shot his friend a brief, appreciative smile and the man smiled back in return. 

“Come, Xio… I’ve gotten some food for you to fill yourself with,” Jonshu said, waving him over and he complied. 

Xioden sat down next to his friend, grabbing a piece of bread and biting into it. Relief filled him as ate, slowly taking his time with each piece. There was a goblet filled with some milk already and he emptied it almost as soon as he was done with the bread. He picked up an apple next, biting into it. 

“Are you better?” his friend asked. 

“I’m well, save for the body ache. Thank you for your hospitality. I deeply appreciate it. Just need to get some strength back before noon,” he replied, as he took his second bite. 

“You still wish to fight?! You were just almost killed, Xio. Almost. You should be in bed or in one of the healing tents,” Jonshu exclaimed incredulously.

“I’m fine. My ego’s all that’s bruised at best. I just need to eat and get ready for the battle ahead.”

“You think I’ll bathe you, feed you and then let you go kill yourself? Don’t be a blasted fool! Even if you’re ready to fight, even if you’re not hurt by the explosion, even if you’re not bothered by the deaths of your own people, your body is not at its best. Not after that.” 

Xioden said nothing, choosing to finish the apple quietly. He didn’t look at his friend though. He focused all his attention on the fruit in his hand instead. 

“If the battle was tomorrow, I’d understand it. Heck, I’d help you get back in fighting shape. You said your body hurts. Your words. Not mine. You think you’re ready to face the other princes? Tired? You think your weapon will save you?” 

Xioden groaned and hit the table in annoyance, the sudden sound causing Jonshu to jump slightly. He got to his feet and began to walk away before stopping in mid-stride. 

“I don’t think my weapon will save me. Right now? The only reason I’m on my feet is that I’m angry enough to be. The only reason I’m here is that I was lucky enough to survive. My people died because of me. I’m unsure as to how, but I know I am, in parts, responsible for their deaths.”

He turned back to face Jonshu who hadn’t gotten up from his seat. He exhaled, thinking back to his conversation with Thanatos and his dreams about the old world. He thought about the gun Kattus was hiding for him and the barrels of black dust. He thought about his servants. He thought about his temporary home in the district. Then he thought about his arm, inspecting the black cloth that covered it. 

“I am the cause of their death. I have to fight. Not just because I want the throne, but because I want to be rid of this. To be rid of the path I’ve been set on. To miss this is to forfeit everything that has brought me thus far. It will make their deaths in vain. Surely, you understand that…”

His friend got his feet and moved towards him till they stood facing each other. Jonshu put his right hand out and Xioden clasped it in a tight hold. 

“I don’t agree still but I wish you luck, Xio…”

“Thank you...”

They separated and Xioden walked away briskly, his mind on the tournament ahead. He planned to head straight to the arena as there was nothing else holding him back. He hoped Kattus had managed to find some extra dust for the weapon but he could hear a small voice to the back of his mind hoping that didn’t happen, that way he could use it as an excuse to not use the instrument of death. 

He hoped. 

But deep down, he knew it was futile. His patron wanted death and his patron would get it, whether it was his or his opponents. 

\---

As Xioden walked off, Jonshu grimaced and returned back to sit down. Taking a piece of bread in hand, he took a bite before placing it on the plate in front of him. Certain that his friend wouldn’t return, he rolled up the right sleeve of his shirt and peered at the empty space where a small body marking had been. A small body marking in the shape of two semicircles crossing each other, with one half facing upwards towards his palm and another facing downwards. 

As soon as the explosion had happened, as the earth shook from the effect, he had felt the pain in his arm as the marking extracted itself like a thin piece of parchment. He had watched as the red coloured design lifted into the air and shredded itself into pieces. And now the space where it had been was bare. Reddened from the forceful removal, but bare. He grimaced again before rolling his sleeve back up. 

He had lost a valuable piece on the board. And the very thought irked him more than he cared to admit. 

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|
|||

&#x200B;The gelatinous looking bastard copy of an octopus looks at me and I stare back at it. It has far too many eyes so I focus on two random ones. In any case, it is on my lawn. I drop the magazine I'm holding to the floor and curse in my mind.

*Damn aliens!*

I don't move from the lawn chair I'm in, but I intend to show that I'm not going to take any kind of trash from it. Standing next to it, is a meek looking Caucasian man and I spit on the floor in my distaste. When the media had reported that the aliens were subjugating some of my race, I didn't care. I thought it was a lie. I mean, we are freaking humans. We don't get fucked. We are the crude ones who do the deed.

I eye the human up and down as the alien makes a sound.

"He says you should surrender. For your own good," the man meekly said.

"No," I reply, returning my gaze back to the multi-legged abomination of a race.

"He says you have to. All the heroes have. Even now they are fighting the Russians and will soon be victorious," the man says again, his voice pleading.

"I don't believe you," I respond in return.

"What are you doing?" the man whispers, incredulously.

I turn to stare at him again and I smile.

"I ain't worried about these fucks. They are on my lawn."

The man cocks his head slightly confused at my meaning and I sigh. I forget that I haven't really popularized my power yet. I had spent years thinking nature handed me a cruel fate of not having a power in a world where everyone and their mums had abilities.

That was until the Marcus kid trespassed with his dumb brother.

I found out then. But that's a different story.

"They will kill you. They don't do mercy," the man pleaded.

"Still don't care."

The alien who has been watching the exchange makes a clicking noise and raises a tentacle towards me. My eyes narrow at it and I say in a very clear voice.

"Get off my lawn."

At once, the alien gets rebounded off the grass into the air and before it can react, another force slams into it, pushing it off my yard. I whistle as the meek man looks at me in shock. I smile knowingly before getting to my feet. I haven't really tested this power except at home, and at the mall and that one time in a certain Vegas casino but I think my next plan should work.

The rest of the alien's companions slither their way quickly towards me clicking angrily and I smile madly at them.

"You sons of bitches are all on my lawn. Yeah I said it."

I glance down at the human slave they had chosen as their translator and I whisper to him, "Watch this."

I take a deep breath before shouting at them.

"I want all of you to GET OFF MY LAWN!"

I shift my gaze from what is happening in front of me and to the man who just stares at the aliens. I am pleased. I look back to see all of them lift into the air and then get slammed by an incredible force pushing it far into the distance till they are nothing but a twinkle in the sky.

"Yeah. That will show them."

I sit back down on my lawn chair and pick up the magazine I was reading from the floor.

*Now where was I?*

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Lightning scarred the ground as the sound of thunder crackled through the forest. To get the most out of the attack, Arsa aimed the strike between the four princes. The bolt of light and power scorched the ground with a force, with the residual effects catching two of the princes below him. He heard their cry as they shook but he ignored it. His eyes were on the other two.

Prince Melhin, a short man with wispy blond hair and green eyes, was back on his feet a few meters away from where his lightning had struck. The prince had a translucent shield up and had taken a combat stance. The other prince, Marlyn, was nowhere to be seen. Arsa grimaced but returned his focus to Melhin.

The translucent shield glimmered in the sun for a few moments before fading away. Arsa watched as sweat beads formed on Melhin’s head and he smiled. The man was exhausted and judging by the sweat on his forehead, Arsa guessed the man had used the last of his magic to cast the shield.

Melhin gritted his teeth before shouting a war cry. He attacked and Arsa moved to block his strike with his sword. Their blades clanged against each other and the sound echoed in the forest around them. The prince let out another cry and began attacking wildly but Arsa calmly deflected each strike whilst moving away from the prince.

With every strike he blocked, he found himself remembering his sword lessons with the instructors in the city.

*“Never attack out of anger or desperation. It might give you the advantage in a brief moment but never think it will keep you alive against a worthy opponent…”*

He parried another strike with a humorless smile on his face. He knew he was better than the prince that was attacking him. He just had to keep his calm till the prince showed an eventual opening. And keeping calm was no different than breathing for him. Soon enough, the prince will be dead, as will all his other step-brothers and the throne will be his to command.

With the princes he had killed himself, along with the princes killed by others judging by the number of dead crystal lights atop the walls of the arena pit, he knew the tournament was as good as won.

\---

The silver-armored prince sagged on a nearby tree out of fatigue. It had only been a few hours since the tournament had begun but he felt like he had been running and fighting for days. He was grateful to still be alive, having listened to the sound of twenty dead princes ringing around the stadium.

*Twenty dead already. And I haven’t even been responsible for one of them…*

He found himself clenching and unclenching his fist as he rested on the tree. After seeing what Arsa could do, he had kept his fights short and brief. As soon as any of his opponents showed a sign of a god’s blessing, he ran.

It was a cowardly move, unfit for a warrior or a practitioner of the ways of the sword, but he didn’t care. He was never one for violence, to begin with. He had simply trained to win by combat. The art of killing had painfully been learnt, thereafter. And even then, he had only ever taken a single life.

Standing upright, he looked back towards the direction he had first seen Arsa. He hoped the prince was being held up in battles to follow but he didn’t want to risk his chance. Since escaping from Arsa and the other prince that he guessed to be Xioden, on account of his dark skin, he had come in contact with two other princes. Both of whom, he had fought for a brief moment before distracting them and running.

Another sound of cheer rose from the crowd, followed closely by the dim sound of a crystal going off that another prince had fallen. He rubbed his face and let out a heavy breath before turning away from the tree. He had run the length of the forest and was standing close to the northern edge of the arena. The trees were sparse and he could see the small house built across from the forest.

*I can hide out in the house till everyone else is dead or almost dead and swoop in for the kill. That would probably be best at this point. Even if it is Arsa that I have to face last. At least, he would be exhausted and I will be able to edge out a win.*

He began walking towards the house when he heard a swooping sound behind him. He immediately fell to the ground. He heard blades clash together over his head and he scrambled away quickly. Turning, he saw his attacker run up along the side of a tree and leap towards him with two swords in his hands.

The silver-armored prince rolled to the side and scrambled up to his feet. His attacker landed with both swords missing their target. He unsheathed his sword and took a stance against his attacker.

“Prince Tulahni. You are fast in all that armor,” the prince said before taking a stance with both his sword.

“You know who I am…” Tulahni replied casually. He hadn’t expected anyone to know who he was. It had been part of his plan to win.

“I know about every prince our father spawned. For my purposes.”

“Your purposes being the tournament, I assume. Listen to me, there are less than ten princes left in this. How about you join me and we wait it out?”

“I take your head and there will be one less prince in front of the throne.”

“Or… you join with me and we take out the more powerful princes together?”

“No joining. Only death, Prince Tulahni. Ready yourself.”

The prince leaped forward with his blades and Tulahni brought his sword to meet it.

\---

Prince Ifer slowly buttoned up undershirt before glancing back at Felipe that still laid shirtless on the ground. He smiled softly before releasing a sigh. Felipe looked at him with a grin before speaking.

“You know we’re still going to have to fight to the death, dear step-brother…”

“Not if I can help it. Besides, existence would be terribly mundane without you in it,” Ifer replied smoothly, returning his attention back to his clothes.

“There you go, using those words again. You speak like a scholar,” Felipe said.

“I am a scholar. It is the primary love of my life with you a close second, perhaps,” he said with a grin before continuing, “But it is within the scrolls and the library that I find the utmost joy in this life.”

He heard Felipe groan behind him, which made him smile wider but he didn’t turn. If he did, he felt he would be pulled back into the temptation that man oozed out. Instead, he cast his mind back on the sound that made him get up in the first place.

*There are less than twenty of us left. Perhaps, it is time for us to join this despicable experience and come out on top of it all…*

He glanced around briefly, his eyes sweeping over the two dead princes that laid motionless so close to them. He found himself searching their faces, looking for a trace of recognition but he couldn’t place a name to them. It annoyed him to think that there were princes he didn’t know. Princes that had slipped under his wealth of knowledge and study.

He shook his head and sighed, shifting his gaze from them. They were of no consequence anymore, dead as they are. With the number of princes dead, he hoped that Arsa and Teyvon were part of the dead on account of their powers being above those of the other princes.

His spies had told him as much as he needed to know about all his opponents, including Felipe who still laid on the ground behind him. While he did indeed love the man, his eyes were on the throne and he was willing to do anything to get there for his goal. Even if ‘anything’ as it were including driving a sword through the man behind him.

He did plan to negotiate a truce of a sort if they ended up being the only survivors left in the arena, as long as Felipe swears fealty to him. But if his father rejected such an act, he would perform the needful. Felipe had been a worthwhile companion, helping him enjoy some of the pleasures of the old world but as with all things, he was temporary. And Ifer was prepared to treat him as such.

“Ifer… Did you know I was going to be part of the tournament?” Felipe asked from behind him.

“Not at all. I had presumed you would be in the stands, watching us savages battle it out,” he replied smoothly.

Ifer turned back to face Felipe who regarded him with a curious look in his eyes. He watched as the prince got back to his feet slowly, stretching as he did and yawning. He took a step back without meaning too. Something felt wrong. Something he couldn’t quite place. He caught Felipe’s eyes and fought against taking another step back.

“Why… You saw the surprise on my face when I saw you surrounded by these…” he pointed to the dead princes, “...these men. I didn’t expect to see you here. But you will be protected as discussed. The laws are clear on what can and can’t be done.”

Ifer rested put a hand across his heart while the other rested on his sword hilt. He couldn’t quite say what made his hackles rise but he decided then and there that he would put his blade through Felipe the moment he got his chance. From his studies, moments of great perils were usually described to happen as such and he wasn’t about to be caught unawares on account of the man’s supposed relaxed attitude.

“I know the laws, dear. But say… what if I changed my mind and wanted the throne instead?”

“Then I’d take you for a jester, Felipe. You gave me your word.”

“Agreed. But we are in a tournament. We are supposed to be fighting with the rest and spilling royal blood for the entertainment of the masses.”

“What are you saying?”

“I’m saying that you are too trusting. I told you that I would bend the knee. I told you that the princes here were dead by the time I got here. I told you that I am enamored by your presence and you believed me instantly. I’m saying, that I don’t think a man like you can be king…”

Ifer unsheathed his sword and stepped forward before stopping. For a brief moment, his vision blurred. He shook his head and took another step forward when a flash of pain traveled through his body. He fell to his knees and gasped. He saw Felipe begin to wear his shirt, humming a quiet song to himself.

“What did you do to me?”

“The same thing I did to the men next to you. And the same thing I did to your spies. Tell me, do you know how versatile poison is?”

“...What?”

“Versatility, step-brother. Surely, you know what that means. Everyone went pleading for gods with flashy powers. There are so many more, minor ones who crave recognition. So many more with little abilities here and there. But, you’re dying… so I won’t spare you the details.”

Ifer was finding it difficult to stand as pain continually surged through him. He couldn’t focus anymore, seeing only blurred sights of grey and green. He could still hear Felipe humming but the man sounded distant. He fell to the ground limply. He tried opening his mouth to cry for help or berate the man he had taken as his lover but no words came out.

Instead, the sound of the humming only droned in and out of his ears until darkness consumed him.

\---

Xioden looked up at the sun for a moment before looking back towards the forest. The plains were barren and he could only glimpse the blurred form of a body to the south of the arena. A wry smile formed on his lips as he returned his gaze back to the darkened trees. It made sense to him that the bulk of the fighting would have taken place there. The trees provided some much-needed cover in a battle with godly gifts.

He touched the gun tucked into his belt. The metal still felt cool to his touch and he wondered if the weapon was always going to feel that way to him. He wasn’t certain about whether or not the weapon would be used but it gave him small comfort.

*It just might be slightly better than using whatever it was Death had given me.*

He was fairly convinced that whatever he had done on Remar had revitalized him. While he tried his best to not think about how it had happened or dwell on the fact that he had seemingly drained the man’s life-force into his, once the deed was done, he had felt a lot better than when he first entered the arena.

Checking to ensure that his weapons were holstered, he broke into a jog towards the trees. He wasn’t sure what who else was left in the fight but he knew that they were in the last hour of the battle. The crowd had cheered wildly whilst he was in the house just as his left arm itched. He knew that if he checked, he would have seen one of the crystals die out.

Out of the thirty that had entered the arena, nineteen had been killed and there were nine other princes he had to worry about. Just as he silently wished Arsa was part of the dead princes, his arm itched again and he grimaced.

*Ten… we are now ten… We are almost done with this madness.*

Entering into the forest, he stopped his jog and changed into a crouch instead. He knew anyone could have been watching and he wanted to ensure he wasn’t caught by surprise. He moved through the tall shrubs, scurrying from tree to tree. He kept looking around, listening as intently as he could.

As he moved, he began to hear the sound of swords clashing in battle, coming from in front of him and to his right. The sound to his right sound more distant so he moved forward instead. Soon enough, he could see the forms of the princes in battle as well as hear the angry shouts of one of them. Xioden moved closer till he could see the faces of the princes fighting. He froze and cursed himself silently before stepping backwards.

In front of him, clashing their swords, were Prince Arsa and Prince Melhin. He moved away from the tree, walking backwards so as not to take his gaze off from the princes till he was far enough. As the blades rang in front of him, he heard the sound of something moving towards him and he ducked.

A blade swung above his head, missing him by a few inches. Unsheathing his sword, he turned to face Prince Marlyn. The prince snarled and attacked.

Xioden blocked the first strike and dodged the second before making an attack of his which was quickly parried. He tried to circle around the prince but Marlyn didn’t let him. Instead, the prince pushed on with his attack, forcing Xioden to move towards where Arsa and Melhin were.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Cool air wafted through the large hall, though the sun outside the palace seemed to scorch the earth with an intensity that would force most people to remain in their houses. The heat was pressuring but the men and women of Nafri had gotten so used to it, the sun might as well be nothing more than a light in the sky. Instead, music reverberated through the streets of Bonlu city like a heartbeat, steady and consistent.

Emanating from the palace, which acted as the causation of such an event, royal drummers were positioned in sections of the streets leading away from the party the king had thrown for himself.

A sequence of drumbeats would begin from the hall of the king and pass like a current to the royal drummers outside the castle. They will carry the sequence on until it reaches the walls surrounding the city.

While this is happening, the musicians, mostly Nafri women and the few Nafri men who could match them pitch for pitch, would sing songs to praise the king and the king’s subjects. The songs are usually dictated by the Songweaver, a position given to most gifted singer in the land.

It is the job of the songweaver to craft a new song every month to speak of the king’s magnificence and of the king’s riches. This song is then practised in secret by the songweaver and his or her chosen few in preparation for the upcoming party that the king threw in his own honour.

The palace would redecorate on such a day, with bright colours of yellow, green and blue, worn by the inhabitants of the palace. The colours would fly up as flags, tied up to the topmost pole placed above the festive hall and the city would reflect the flag by painting their houses, shops and accessories with the colours for the week.

During this week of festivities, no work is done in Bonlu City. This is a missive passed down from the king’s throne room itself, instead, ordering his citizens to sing praises towards the palace in the early hours of the morning for each day of the festival, as well as paying a bi-weekly tax of their earnings directly to his treasury.

At the height of the festival, the last day of the week, the palace would open its doors to the people and they will be welcomed to dance before the throne, an act usually left for the royal dancers and the red-women who serviced the king and some of the royal family.

The festival was known as the ‘King’s Song Festival’ and King Tekuni was immensely fond of it.

Lounging on the cushioned high chair of his throne room, he bobbed his head to the women who danced and twirled around in front of him, wearing tightly fitted lacy clothing that left little to the imagination. The drums beat loud and the women moved their body along with the rhythm with an accuracy he had yet to see from any of his other subjects.

He loved it. The red-women, as they were called, were one of the few additions he had put, as a spin on the monthly festival and it gladdened his heart at how well received his dancers were. Especially after the chiefs of the other tribes had begun to request for red-women in their villages.

With their hushed demands, out of their wives earshot, he commanded a few tents to be put up close to his castle for his women and he charged the chiefs that visited a hefty sum. It made him richer and it made them happier, in a manner. They would visit his castle, dine with him and then he’d entertain them with his women.

It was how he had secured a lot of their support in some of the changes he had implemented in the land.

*Nafri men are strong when they have to fight men. But if you want to win, fight with women.*

That had been the advice from his grandmother and it had proved right in his handling of the throne and all the problems pertaining to the men around him.

He heard a sniff and turned to face his first wife, Medani, who sat close to him in a cushioned chair of her own. A servant, wearing a short yellow top along with a small blue skirt, stood just behind her with a large leaf, slowly fanning her as they all watched the dance.

Waving a hand, another servant appeared right next to him, on their knees, with a handful of grapes. He took the bundle and tilted his head towards his wife. The servant moved smoothly to the queen to offer but she waved him away with a glare.

“Not enjoying yourself, dear?” Tekuni said as he popped some grapes into his mouth.

“That is not important, is it? Dear.”

She replied to him just as coolly and he found himself smiling. He knew how she felt about the red-women. Not just her but most of the married women in the land had heard the rumours and found the idea to be abhorrent. As far as they were concerned, it was the duty of the wife and the wife only, to please her husband.

He found it to be no better than a man having another wife, save for the fact that red-women were temporary and less likely to talk an ear off because of some perceived slight against their person. In fact, they seldom talked unless they were talked to.

“Everything that concerns you is important to me, my love. It is why I took your hand in marriage.”

“You say that now and yet…”

“Why? This is just for entertainment purposes. The festival is nearing its end. It is only tradition to continue,” he said, pretending to be hurt by the unsaid complaint by putting a hand on his chest.

“Traditions can always be changed.”

“Aye. I agree. Hence, red-women. We are a nation of additions. We don’t take from tradition. We only leave a mark so that we are remembered after the white death has come to claim us whole.”

“Pah. You men,” she said, not hiding the spite in her voice.

“I love you too, darling,” he replied with a grin.

He loved winding her up as much as he could without getting her too heated up. He found that she tended to give her best love to him when she felt like he was beginning to doubt her attractiveness. Not that he did, of course, but he thought it wise to not let his wives get complacent.

In that regard, he found the red-women to be a small reminder of how easy they would be to replace. Still, in all his years as king, he had only ever to replace one of his three wives on account of her trying to stab him through the heart.

He had beheaded her and the children she bore him at sunrise without hesitation.

That had been another lesson his grandmother had carved into him from young.

*Never give a person a chance to hurt you twice. Better yet, never let their loved ones get a chance to hurt you once.*

It had been a hard lesson to learn but he had learnt it all the same and escaped the tunnel with a new mindset and an itch he never could quite scratch away.

Nonetheless, as he watched the women dance, he let his mind wander on the things he planned for his future. He wanted to expand Nafri past the borders it maintained with Iresha. The land was beginning to feel far too small for his liking and he had always wanted to broaden his horizon.

Tekuni knew that war was not really a calling that he aspired too, but he couldn’t help but feel like one was brewing. That had been a talent of his growing up; the ability to tell when something was about to happen.

It wasn’t quite like having foresight as that required a person to be able to see what was going to happen. He couldn’t see. He could only feel it. Like a slightly sour or sweet taste in the air, lingering just outside what he could place it on. What he tasted now though, what he felt was a strong miasma of chaos on the horizon.

Begrudgingly, he pushed the thought away from his mind and focused his attention back on the dancers. He let his mind follow their bodies and stopped thinking for a short moment.

“My love?”

He heard a voice break through the trance and he jerked in response. Kneeling in front of him was Medani with worry written all over her face. She had been caressing his face, he realised and he gently pulled back from her, his mouth opening into a smile.

“I am-”

She cut him off with a finger and pointed to the messenger that had been kneeling beside her all along. He blinked twice as if unsure of how the messenger had appeared but stayed his tongue until the man spoke.

“I bring grave news, my king,” the messenger said, not looking at the king.

“What is it?”

“Chief Bardun of the River Tribe in the east, as well as Chief Nife of the Ivory tribe are reporting attacks on the coast separating us from Iresha. They say a few of our men have died.”

Rising to his feet in a smooth motion, King Tekuni frowned. He stretched a hand out to nothing and a servant ran to fetch official staff of the king that rested on the throne. Presenting the staff to the king, Tekuni grabbed the tall weapon, crafted in gold and ivory, with a blade one on end.

“Who? Who dares attack my kingdom?” he spat out loud, causing the drums to cease. Gasps filled the room.

“We are not yet sure but Chief Nife says he is seeing the clothes and colours of Ireshan soldiers. We believe Iresha is attacking.”

\---

Xioden sat down on the last rung of the stairs leading up to the throne of Elemira, glancing back at the gilded chair at random moments as if he expected the chair to suddenly rise up and escape from the castle. He had initially placed himself on it as he observed the view of the council table below him. It made him smile. And then scowl. So, he found a new seat.

Returning his gaze to the council table however, he let out a sigh and slowly moved his attention over each of the lords and ladies of the seven royal houses. From his studies, the king usually arranged a meeting with the royal houses a week after the coronation, to allow for some catching up but he didn’t want to wait that long.

He had to speak to them now. His arm had been itching since he gave the speech up on the wooden platform in the district square. Now, it hummed softly beneath his undershirt and he knew it had something to do with the royal houses. He just had to figure out what it was.

*Assuming, of course, that they choose to be truthful towards me. If only Farooq was here…*

To his left, sat the head of House Tevan, a burly looking man with a heavy beard and sharp eyes that seemed to ooze a quite contempt from what he could see. The slightly maroon colour of House Tevan marked the cloak that extended from his shoulder, along with sigil that was in the shape of an Otter, one of the lost creatures of the old world.

Lord Dekkar had a small frown on his face as he kept his attention on another of the seven lords, Lord Vyas of House Janaya. The lord of House Janaya wore a small circlet on his head, indigo in colour, to match the cloak resting on his lap. He was rewarding the lord of House Tevan with a small smile. Xioden couldn’t see his sigil, but he remembered it being the picture of a wolf. Silent. Deadly.

*Another to watch...*

Next to Lord Dekkar, was the head of House Forthen, a large man with an elaborate moustache who seemed more interested in the wine cup in front of him than anyone else on the table. Lord Timon, in a blue coat that seemed far too snug on his body, sneaked glances at everyone whenever he thought they weren’t looking before returning to his drink.

House Forthen was followed by House Krumare. The lady of the house, Lady Unora wore a snug deep green gown that gave far too much to the eye to see, though she occasionally covered herself with a white cloak. She performed the action as if oblivious to what she wore.

In the middle, sitting directly opposite to the throne was the lady of House Claren, Lady Kana. Unlike the others, she kept her gaze on him. She wore a pure white dress with what Xioden could only guess as small jewellery encrusted on the dress itself. Around her neck was an orange fur scarf.

Next to her was an empty seat, which was to have the head of House Sengh in it but Kattus had whispered to him that the man had gone to receive some urgent news in regards to the city’s military forces at the lower districts of the city.

Whilst the king’s guard answered to the throne unanimously, most of the soldiers in the kingdom still had to follow a chain of command which had its final stop at the door of House Sengh, on account of the man’s accomplishment in the Illimerean war.

Past the empty seat was the lord of House Doe, a quiet, clean-shaven elderly man who stared blankly into the distance. At first, Xioden had been concerned, almost sending one of the servants standing to the side of the stairs to see to the man. It was then the man had seemingly jerked and looked at him with a smile that didn’t quite touch his eyes.

Lord Harlin wore a violet coat over a plain white undershirt, with the sigil of the house, a doe, woven unto the coat itself.

Xioden let his eyes pass over all of them once more before giving Kattus a glance. Then he spoke.

“I am not your king,” he began before stopping as if waiting for the sentence to sink in.

He leaned forward, propping his chin on his fist before continuing.

“I am not your king and you are not my royal houses.”

Lord Dekkar scowled as Lord Timon faced him with a frown. All of them turned their full attention on him and he gave them a small smile. Raising a hand to forestall the lord of house Tevan, he continued.

“I am not saying it to threaten your position in the kingdom. I only say it because it is a simple truth. I have no allegiance to you, not really. And you have no loyalty to me in any form either. I wish to set the stage by which we regard one-another.”

Without looking back, he gestured towards the throne with his free hand.

“The throne is what holds your command and it is to the throne, and the person on it, that you answer to. And that is important here.

“Most of you have looked down on me for all the years I’ve been in Elemira. Most of you still do. For some, it shows in your eyes. For others, it is the casual disregard for which you treat me and my presence.”

He let his gaze shift through all the Royals once more.

“In the interest of a fresh start, I will pretend you are only just getting to know me for the first time and I shall do the same to you. To that end, I would like you all to introduce yourself to me and I will do the same to you. Your name. Your station. Your vision of Elemira. You may begin, Lord  Vyas.”

Lord Dekkar’s face tightened as he looked at him and then at the man seated across from him. Xioden wanted to smile but kept his face as neutral as he could. Traditionally, the royal to the left of the king carries on from where the king leaves off, especially if there are words to be said. Nonetheless, he wanted to do it this way.

Rising smoothly to his feet, the lord of House Janaya gave a formal bow to him and then to the others on the table.

“I am Vyas Janaya, Lord of House Janaya, successor to my father and the house deeds. My station lends me the opportunity to serve the kingdom’s armoury with weapons and armour to ensure the land remains safe. My vision of Elemira is a prosperous one, my lord, with riches and entertainment and parties that run for as long as there is wine.”

Some of the royals laughed quietly, especially Lord Timon, as lord of House Janaya gave a formal bow once more.

“I am… Harlin Doe of House Doe, your majesty,” Lord Harlin said as he rose to his feet and bowed deeply towards him.

“My station is that of records and history, my lord. My house maintains the royal libraries of the kingdom, the temples and the forbidden knowledge of the old world. I don’t have a vision of the kingdom, my lord. My only wish is that we don’t fall into the same mistakes as our predecessors.”

The old man finished and bowed. Xioden made a mental note to arrange a meeting with the man as soon as he could get some personal time to himself. His foray into ancient history had gotten him out of a mess. He wondered if the man knew more.

With the seat of House Sengh empty, Lady Kana rose to her feet.

“I am Kana Claren, head of House Claren. I am in charge of the nation’s finances. My vision of Elemira is one that doesn’t tear itself apart.”

“I am Unora Krumare, my lord,” Lady Unora said in a somewhat sultry voice as she locked eyes with him. She made a pretence to bow, revealing more of her cleavage before correcting herself in a small curtsy.

Lady Kana’s lips seemed to tighten while the rest of the men pretended to look away in spite of themselves. Xioden found himself smiling without meaning to but he let it stay.

“My position lends itself to entertainment. As well as managing the more… feminine aspects of the kingdom. The princesses and the pleasure houses are under my jurisdiction, my lord, in case you’re ever wondering or in need of help. My vision of Elemira? Why… I already have it, my lord.”

She curtsied and sat back down slowly. He gave Kattus a glance and almost laughed at the man’s surprise. When the guard regained himself, he turned to see Xioden facing him and the man’s cheeks reddened.

*Ah, looks like I’ve got something to tease you with, friend.*

“I am Lord Timon. Of House Forthen, I mean. My position is well versed in trade. Be it wine, merchants, exotics from faraway lands. I deal with all that. As such, you can say I have my hand in everyone’s pockets,” the man said with a grin.

Xioden grinned back.

“My vision for Elemira is prosperity. To make it the richest land in the world. The hub of all things,” Lord Timon said with a loud cheer and Xioden nodded in response before turning his gaze to Lord Dekkar.

The head of House Tevan remained seated for a while longer, staring intently at the table in front of him. The atmosphere seemed to change in the silence and the tension rose. Even the initial mirth of Lord Timon was gone as the man fidgeted with his wine cup. Lord Vyas had stopped smiling and was beginning to frown.

Without rising or bowing, Lord Dekkar spoke.

“I am Lord Dekkar, your majesty, as I’m sure you already know. My position is just as known to, as I believe you’ve looked well into me and as such, I don’t think it is worth mentioning. My vision of Elemira is one of a strong nation. One that doesn’t bend or break or allows filth to clog up the smooth running of the country. Instead, it soars, it flies above and stands victorious over all. That is the Elemira I dream of. The Elemira evident of strong leadership”

Xioden pursed his lips for a moment. The man had insulted him a few times in his introduction but the one that made him pause was the last.

*So, I am regarded as filth in your eyes. And also as a weakling?*

He watched the man for a few minutes longer before getting to his feet and walking back to the throne to sit.

“Thank you all for humouring me. I am sure I will be calling on you all very soon for advice and to talk. You may all go.”

They all rose to their feet and began to make their way to the door when he called out.

“Lord Dekkar? Please do stay. I believe I’d like to catch up with you first.”

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|The smell of sulfur is overwhelming but that is not what is causing me to tremble. It's the idea of the man himself. The Being sitting in front of me, calmly. Everything in me is telling me to run but I know it will be a fruitless venture. *I can't run from the Devil.*

I inadvertently release a whimper and he raises his hands to me.

*"You really ought to relax. Your nerves are all over the place."*

His voice washes over me and I shiver. He sounds far too smooth. His words are sweet to hear but with a bitter aftertaste. Like the instinctual feeling that listening to him for too long will damn my soul.

*"You're not far off. But you, my dear worshipper, are safe."*

He's dressed in a crisp all black suit, his tie being the only with a different color. Red. He's handsome. Far too handsome, for someone so evil.

"I have never worshipped you," I breathed, unsure of whether or not I should reply.

*"You have. Not of your own fault itself. I attribute that to the heavenly bodies getting things mixed up."*

He points lazily to the sky as he speaks.

"Am I to die?" I ask meekly.

*"On the contrary. Your fervent prayers have made me consider you as one of the few people worthy of God's grace. It's the only reason I answered all your requests when they reached me. It's the only reason I sit before you."*

"You answered my prayers?" I ask in confusion. I am not a satanist. I have never prayed to the Devil before. Doubt clouds my mind and I find my eyes darting around the room. Maybe I'm being tested.

*"You are focusing on the wrong things, but yes. I have answered your prayers. I have heard your pleas. I have assisted in the instances and in the issues you required divine help. All me."*

I don't reply this time round. I will keep my mouth shut. And if he questions me, I will only respond with my devotion. I avert my eyes from him and stare at the floor instead.

*"Look, this is a vanity visit. From me. For me. I am not one to answer the prayers of humans. Your kind are no lesser than the beasts of the earth. Nonetheless, for some to fervently send prayers and worship my away, albeit unknowingly. I had to see for myself. And I figure you can bask in my glory while I do."*

"I'm sorry. I only serve the Lord." I say quietly.

*"But the one who has been answering you has been me. So you serve me."*

"I only serve the Lord, my God. The one true God." I repeat, more for my sake.

*"You're not listening to me, Dave. I am your God. I am the one you look up to when you get on your* ***knees and pray. You pray to me.****"*

His voice rises slightly, and the smoothness of it breaks for a second.

"No." I say, strengthened by the fact that he dropped his facade, however brief.

*"No? You deny me? Even now, as I sit in front of you. You deny me?"*

He stands to his feet and walks towards me. Every step scorches the carpet on my floor and the temperature in the room rises.

"I know who I serve. And you said... You said that things got mixed up but I think it might be different." I say, thinking through what he has said to me so far.

*"Oh? How so?"*

"Maybe my God was testing you. To see if you could be saved. Just like I have been saved."

*"Not feasible."*

"His thoughts are not like ours. You are divine, but not like He is. He is still your God, is he not?"

He paces around my room but I don't look up at him. I fix my stare on the ground instead. He continues to pace for a few seconds which drags and begins to feel like I have been kneeling for hours.

*"To trick me. It is within his powers and his machinations. Very well. I shall dwell on that further. With that said, I am interested to see what you will do now. Now that you know the end destination of your prayers. If you will continue to pray. Or if you stop. In any case, You have my attention as well as the attention of the eyes watching our exchange."*

"The eyes watching our...?"

*"Yes. They sit behind their computers and mobile phones. Watching to see if you will rise or fall. But no matter. It concerns you not. I bid you farewell, Dave. It is my fervent hope that we meet somewhere more warm."*

And with that the Devil vanishes.

\---

I wake up from my sleep, sweating profusely. It is unbearably hot in my room and I rush to open the windows to let some air in. My breathing is shallow and it feels like I've been running. I am shaking. It is the first time I've ever had such a dream.

I get on my knees, retrieving my bible from under my pillow and open my mouth to pray but as soon as the first words in my head get ready to leave me, I pause.

I pause.&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The next few days after his mother’s quiet burial in the castle courtyard seemed to flow into each other like a constant unending stream, with Xioden spending most of his time getting to know the seven royal nobles and how they might best serve his dream for Elemira. Most of the nobles either offered their services or sent one of their councillors to do the same.

All except Lord Tevan, who took it as a personal choice of his to coach the new king on their foreign relations with their allies and occasional enemies. It was under such a lesson that he finally got the full story and history behind the Illimerean War that occurred while he was still a child in his mother’s embrace.

What it had boiled down to, according to the lord, was a rumour and a false-flag attack orchestrated by Roedran just before he ascended the throne. Dekkar hadn’t been sure if the rumour had been started by the former king, but he implied the king had been the first to say it in their presence.

And as the council of nobles discussed, in Roedran’s presence, there was an attack in one of the lower districts in the form of a magic explosion, claiming the lines of several Elemirans. That had been the spark between tense negotiations and an eventual war that Roedran won.

Moreover, apart from the agreed subservience of Illimerea and the taking of the first prince of the kingdom, Roedran had largely left the country to its own devices, save a monthly tax of a chest of a thousand gold coins. Xioden had frowned at that.

“Does the tax sound unreasonable, your majesty?” Dekkar had said coolly, with his lips tugging to a small smile.

“It’s not the tax, Dekkar. It’s something else. Continue…” Xioden had answered.

After Tevan’s lesson, he would take a walk around the castle, making sure to greet the servants, cooks and soldiers that patrolled and worked within the castle itself. He knew, from the first time he did it, that it was an unusual action to take but he didn’t care. As someone who was now King, he wanted to ensure he had a general idea of the people working under his service.

On his excursions within the castle and the occasional trip to the libraries of the noble houses, his security train consisted of a dozen king’s guards, with squad captains and deputies riding on horses, surrounding the king and his steed. Kattus had worn him down with the argument until he agreed.

Before the tournament, he had imagined having escorts following him around as the king but he had made promises to himself to reduce the number to single digits, to appear relatable but distinguished but Kattus had flat out disagreed.

“I’m not always going to be around to protect you. Plus, you seem to forget I’m only one man, with no shadow powers or god’s gift. The king’s guard now serves you. So, they will serve you in full. You’re a king,” Kattus had said,”...You have to act like it. And, you should unless you want me to start talking like Farooq.”

He had laughed at that, though his laughter was still tinged with the memory of his former chief manservant.

When not learning about foreign relations and the nuances between the country’s allies, he spent his time speaking to Lady Kana about the finances of the country. The topic had been the first real surprise, in terms of what he thought it would be like to govern especially after she confided in him that Elemira was broke.

Roedran, in his infinite cruelty, had used a lot of the country’s riches for personal trips and enjoyment, ignoring the mass amount of gold that just went missing without any trace. The more she spoke about the dire situation, the more it seemed like she was holding something back as she would pause at bits and stare at him before continuing.

Xioden never interrupted to ask, however. Something about the way she behaved told him that he just had to listen to what she said in the meantime. After all, he was a new face on the throne with no relative relationship to any of them. And that was minus that fact that he was born as a commoner, if not worse, considering his birthplace.

Every time they spoke, she outlined guides that she was researching and working on for out to reimburse the country but what she rested on heavily was taxing the rich to fill up the coffers. That had been something he planned to do from the get-go and he was pleased that someone else other than him agreed. Especially with the person being the head of one of the seven noble houses.

An even better plan occurred to him after another learning session with Lord Tevan.

It was a hot day for the meeting he had planned to have with the lords, and lady, of house Tevan, Timon and Claren. He had ordered for a small canopy to be set in one of the castle’s inner courtyards. Underneath the large canopy, was a table with four chairs placed around it. Three were at equal distances to each other with all of them facing the fourth chair, which was taller and woven with leather and bronze.

On the table was a jug of wine, with cups for his guest. Xioden was already seated before they arrived, enjoying the view of the water fountain that flowed in the middle of the courtyard. The large space within the castle seemed to stretch in a rectangular form, with a small tiled area at the centre of the courtyard.

The water fountain at the centre and just at the edges of the tiled area, vegetation grew wild and unrestrained, with the occasional thin-looking tree standing proud against the sun. There were a few of these trees standing at an angle in the courtyard and swaying in the wind.

It was a calming sight.

While in the castle, when not being accompanied by Kattus, two guards were usually following him around. The same two guards were now standing behind him, engaged in a quiet discussion. His ears caught some words which made him smile but he stayed out of their conversation.

Xioden heard the shuffling of feet coming down the alleyway far before they came into view, with Lord Tevan taking the lead and the two other nobles trailing behind him. As they saw him, his guests bowed their heads briefly before taking their seats in front of him.

“Thank you for coming,” he said, tilting his head slightly. Lady Kana and Lord Timon smiled at him while Dekkar just nodded at him neutrally. He didn’t mind it, of course. As long as the man performed as he needed, he was content.

Gently, he took the jug from the table and filled their cups before continuing.

“I’m glad you could all join me today, though I reckon I have interrupted your busy schedules. It’s just that something has come to mind that I must run by you, with you all having more experience than me in the business of ensuring Elemira prospers…”

“We are here to help in any way we can, your majesty!” Timon replied with a burst of laughter, as he took a swig from his cup.

Dekkar looked at Timon, a hint of disgust flashing across his face before returning his attention to him.

“How may we help, your majesty?”

“Not certain yet. But, I feel as we talk, something will come out of it,” he replied.

Tilting his neck to the side, to release the tension building up there, he allowed his body to relax. Silence descended under the canopy as they waited for what he wanted to say. He didn’t have much, except for a few ideas that if done well, could help sustain the country a while longer.

“For the last few weeks, you have all taken time out to bring me up to speed with our allies and enemies…” he said nodding at Dekkar.

“...our trades…” He nodded at Timon who raised a cup in salute, with a grin on his face. Xioden couldn’t help but smile at the man’s infectious mirth whenever there was a drink to be had. He turned to Kana.

“...and our finances.”

He sighed, rubbing his chin.

“And from all of it, it would seem that Roedran has positioned the land in a precarious position, readying us for a fall as the neighbouring lands eat us whole. Now, while I refuse to believe that he was incompetent, we need to find a way to fix what we currently have.”

He looked at all their faces before continuing.

“Before the former king, our allies were Illimerea, Hanase and Iresha. We had a tentative relationship with Nafri on account of prejudices. And they maintained the same with Elemira in any case…” he said, giving Dekkar a wry look.

“...The forsaken lands to the east were never enemies, from what Dekkar here has told me so far. But they generally don’t like Elemirans nor do they deal with us. Lliacin is an Illimerean colony so they are out of bounds. The Dark lands are well… Dark. And Geashin don’t like us either.

“Now, thanks to him, Illimerea is under our thumb, Hanase has reduced their trade with us and Iresha has been trying to stop trading with us. You want to tell them?”

Dekkar cleared his throat and looked at his fellow nobles.

“My sources have revealed to me that Iresha has been sending delegates to the forsaken lands with talks of alliances and trade deals. As you both know, but we sell weapons and armour to Iresha for a good price. That is not so anymore. They’ve been buying less and less. We’re losing money.”

“What about taxes? Maybe if we change taxes?” Timon asked as he peered into his empty cup.

“We can’t raise the taxes. If anything, they should go down. Or be malleable at the very least. The lower districts are complaining. The high of having a new king is still coursing through their veins but soon, they’ll start complaining,” Kana added.

“Remind me, Timon. What do we get from Hanase,” Xioden asked.

“Most wool and cotton. They trade in textiles. We usually bought and sold to the merchants in the city. They, in turn, sell to everyone else. We also sold weapons on occasion, though they’ve decided to stop that. So, we’re dependent on them,” Timon answered as he refilled his cup.

“Do we sell anything or get anything from Illimerea?” he asked as he scratched an itch on his temple.

“Apart from the gold taxation, not that we know of. We do know they live and breathe magic but whatever it is Roedran discussed with the royalty of Illimerea, he didn’t tell us about it,” Kana replied.

Xioden sighed before getting to his feet. He ran his hand through his hair as he walked around the table and stepped into the sun. Releasing a breath, he stretched once more before turning to the nobles.

“I have been doing some reading with Lord Harlin and he has revealed to me that there is something that we can get from Illimerea. Something that could help,” he said before resting his eyes on the head of House Tevan, “Tell me, Dekkar… Do you remember Illimerea? What it looked like when you walked through the capital?”

“Vaguely. It was beautiful. We walked into Vertima, their capital city, with escorts at our side. Roedran was taken into the castle with the head of House Sengh while the rest of us remained outside,” Dekkar replied.

“How did the city look? Compared to Elemira?” Xioden inquired.

Dekkar grimaced as he glanced at the other nobles. Xioden could see the man’s jaw tighten as if trying to avoid talking but he shook himself and faced him.

“Vertima was in the colour of all shades of blue, reflecting the sun from above. At the ends of roads, and atop some of their standing lamps were crystals which shone bright like the sun. The crystals were numerous and placed at random positions around the castle, but also along the roads we had walked.”

The man curled his lips as he rubbed on his chin.

“I have no affinity for magic but I could feel it in the air. It permeated everything, touched everything. Like an eerie presence that won’t go away. Riding through the mist to get to Illimerea had been bad enough. Being on their land, it is not something that I plan to repeat. Allies or no.”

Xioden could somewhat understand, the uncanny feeling of being surrounded by something one doesn’t understand. It was the same feeling he got when he was in the underground passage, surrounded by the technology of the old world. Still, just as there was a reason for being around the old world, he had to use Illimerea.

“The crystals you’re talking about. Did they give off light? In place of a fire lamp, for instance?” he asked Dekkar.

He could see surprise colour the faces of Kana and Timon, who also transferred their gazes to the burly looking man.

“Ah… Yes. With magic, I presume,” Dekkar answered, frowning.

“And from your sources, do you know if our other allies, the ones who we seem to be losing business with, have such crystals?”

“Not that I’ve ever heard. Illimerea thrives on magic. No other place would be able to create such a thing,” the man replied.

“What if… what if we pay a small price to Illimerea for their crystals that give off light… and then sell it to our allies for a much bigger price, marketed as an invention of the western lands of magic?

There was silence. And then…

“Gods above.” Timon breathed.

“In one move, we will be giving the Illimereans some autonomy back and giving our allies a new reason to look back to us. In the old world before the divine war, they had machinations that allowed for artificial light, unlike fire. This is a step towards that, I think.”

“We would need to find out what rates to sell at first. We can change the rates around depending on our allies,” Kana began to talk, getting to her feet.

“How would we manufacture? Are we leaving the bulk of the walk to the Illimereans? Would they even want to do it? We already took their pride from them. We would be taking their magic. What are we offering them?” Timon added, rubbing his belly in thought.

“I am not comfortable with the choice. Nor do I think it is a wise decision to give Illimerea a reason to hope… But, in theory, we could even convert some enemies into trade partners, if we can show them the good in it,” Dekkar interjected coolly. There was a hard edge to his voice but Xioden ignored it.

“I cannot say whether or not it will yield a fruitful result but I do believe it is worth a try,” he said as he walked back under the canopy to escape from the sun.

“Leave it to us, your majesty. I am certain we can get an apple from this tree if we shake it enough,” Timon said as he joined Kana on his feet. He gave Dekkar a questioning look and the man begrudgingly stood up.

“By your leave, your majesty.”

They intoned and left, with Kana and Timon already discussing the means by which they could make the idea work and Xioden left them to it, allowing himself to smile a little.

With their exit, he returned to his seat and refilled his cup.

“I believe that will be sufficient enough, for now, my lord,” came a voice from behind him.

“Yes, I believe that will get them working for a bit. We will still need proof of some sort to get them to see the wisdom in it, your majesty,” came a second voice.

Xioden’s smile widened as he took a sip from his cup. Kattus and Lord Harlin joined him, taking the seats vacated by the nobles.

“Aye… That can wait a few more days,” he said with a grin.

|Next update:|*5th August 2019*|
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The door swung open without a sound and Xioden let his eyes take in the room in its entirety. It was a small room, with a small window situated just above the small bed resting against the wall opposite the door. To the side of the bed, was a stool occupied by a healer who immediately fell to her knees at the sight of him. 

“My lord,” came the female voice of the healer. The bright yellow and white cloak the lady wore held his gaze for a short moment before his eyes moved to the figure on the bed. 

He moved slowly as if being compelled, towards his mother’s body until he was standing beside the bed and looking over here. She was clothed in a silver gown that felt soft to touch and he found himself quietly appreciative of how well beautiful she looked. Her hair had been combed and smoothed over and he could almost hear her complaints and irritation. 

*“A woman’s hair is hers alone to keep. And a Nafri woman’s hair is to be kept wild and free. Wild and free, Xio. Just like her.”* 

The memory of her words wrapped around him like a phantom hug and he let out a sigh unconsciously. 

Her dark skin looked pale and felt cold to his touch, as he brushed a hand against her cheek. She looked peaceful. Far more than he had seen of her last. There was a smile on her face and he felt himself smiling too as he remembered one of the many bad jokes she had told him growing up. 

With the smile, came a single tear escaping from the corner of his eyes and running down his face. 

Sitting carefully on the bed next to her, he closed his eyes and tried to focus on his powers and the ways he had previously made it work. He cast his mind back to the underground passage and then back to the arena. Thanatos’ words rang in his mind as he placed his left arm over her. 

After the battle with Zeus and Arsa, as he was being escorted to the castle, he had found himself increasingly more attune with his left arm than he had ever been. And now, as he concentrated on it, he could feel the darkness within the marking shift and writhe like a snake in its death throes. 

He opened his eyes. The room still looked the same, sunlight streaking through the small window above the bed. He vaguely was aware of Kattus ushering the healer out of the room as he fixed his concentration on his mother. 

Reaching into the darkness in his arm, he focused on the mental image of himself seizing the darkness in his hands. As he thought it, his arm began to itch and he could feel the darkness spasming and writhing as if trying to escape. 

He brought his arm down to his mother and tried to push the darkness in his arm into her, focusing intently on reviving her. 

Nothing happened. 

He kept trying, gritting his teeth as he tried to force the power to obey his will but it continued to fight his control. Groaning from the effort, he shut his eyes once more to concentrate when suddenly, a hand grabbed him by the throat, lifting him off the bed and throwing him against the door with a loud thud. 

A gasp escaped him as he fell to the floor. He heard Kattus utter a cry before opening his eyes in time to see his guard flying away from the bed. The guard hit the wall with a louder hit than he had. Yanking his gaze away from Kattus, Xioden’s eyes focused on the intruder dressed in a long black cloak. 

“Thanatos..?” Xioden asked as he tried to steady himself. 

“You believe you understand the powers you own because of two simple successes?” the god said, still keeping his gaze on his mother. 

“Thanatos. Where have you been? Why are you-”

“I show you how your powers work. And yet, you refuse to practice the simple basics. And now, now you want to do something truly rare…” the god continued in a soft voice. 

Xioden’s mouth hung open for a few seconds, his gaze switching between his mother and the god. He heard a groan and looked at Kattus who began to slowly regain consciousness. 

“I’m trying to save my mother,” he said in a level voice, taking a step towards the bed. 

“Save her from what? Death?”

Xioden opened his mouth and then closed it again. The simplicity in the way Thanatos had answered him revealed how foolish his plan had been.

“I wanted to at least try. Like we did before,” he said quietly, looking away.

“It has not been done. Not by me. Not by you,” Thanatos countered, finally turning to look at him. 

There was a sadness in his eyes, more intense than before. He wanted to ask what was wrong but couldn’t quite bring himself to do it. Gods were never in turmoil. He felt weird that he even considered something to be wrong with Thanatos. Putting the thoughts aside, he asked, 

“Then what did we do in the passageway?”

“We bound a soul that was dying back to life,” the god answered, moving away from the bed to stand in front of him. 

“And why can’t I do the same for her?”

Thanatos paused for a moment. He rubbed his chin and looked back and forth between him and his mother’s body. Then, sighing, he laughed quietly and spoke. 

“The wisps of death. Do you know what that is?” 

Xioden thought for a moment before answering. 

“The mist that appears just above someone who’s dying or just got killed? I recall seeing that like a grey and black cloud above the arena.”

“Yes. That is what it is. It marks those who are set to die, with the wisps becoming stronger as their death approaches. When a person dies, it lingers over them, like an aftertaste of sorts before drifting off and fading to nothingness.”

He nodded as the god spoke, resting his back on the wooden door. He could feel a certain truth at the cusp of revealing itself and he wasn’t sure he was ready for it. Still, he braced himself, shifting his gaze from the god to his mother. 

“Did you see that above her?” the god spoke gently, turning his face to regard her peaceful form on the bed. 

Xioden shook his head slowly, unable to bring himself to talk. He couldn’t trust that he wouldn’t break down as he had done in the confines of his room. Instead, his mouth tightened and he breathed heavily. He heard a sound to his left and turned to see Kattus getting to his feet. His gaze shifted back to where Thanatos was only to find that the god had disappeared. 

*“What you were about to do, what you can do… It is not impossible…”* a soft voice whispered to him.

“What… what happened? Who was…” Kattus mumbled as he scanned the room with his sword drawn.

*“What you were about to do… was dangerous. Just as the sky is for the thunder god, death is for Death,”* the god whispered to him. 

Xioden slowly joined the guard back on his feet and walked to his mother’s side. 

“That was Thanatos,” he said simply, directing the answer to Kattus. 

“The god?” the guard asked, surprise and shock etched on his face. 

“The god.”

“But why would the god of death be here?” he asked. 

Xioden’s arm itched at the slight but he ignored it. Instead, he pulled a white sheet to cover his mother’s face. He put a hand on the guard’s shoulder before making his way towards the door. 

“My lord?” 

“Follow me, Kattus. We’ll talk in my room,” he said as he exited the room. Looking at the healer who was standing by the door, he said, “Thank you for taking care of her. Please prepare her for burial. It will be a quiet affair. Seek my guard out when you’re done with her.”

With that, he walked back to his room with Kattus behind him. 

That night, as the moon hung in the dark, cloudless sky, Xioden stood in silence as they watched his mother’s coffin slowly descend into the fresh grave they had dug up in one of the smaller courtyards of the castle. He had made up his mind to transform the courtyard into a personal homage of sorts for his mother. 

Something to keep her memory etched into the history of Elemira. He whispered a quiet promise to the grave before glancing at his guard.

Kattus was standing a few feet away from him, guarding his back and keeping away anyone who might walk past. He appreciated the man’s assistance. As the dirt began to fall back into the grave, he wiped the tears from his eyes and turned away, walking back towards the throne room. 

\---

The night air blew through the city, negating the heat the sun had bathed the land in. Most of the houses had their windows open, with silent prayers and hope for some coolness in the air. Now and then, the night air would oblige and a cool breeze would blow through the largely deserted street and the open windows. 

Silence descended on the upper districts as the night went on, with spatterings of conversation happening between the patrolling guards and the sentries keeping watch at the gates of the castle. 

The royal houses lay quiet, with a few servants running around with some final chores before retiring for the night. Outside the houses, large white braziers were lit, casting shadows that dance against the walls of the houses as the fire flickered in the moonlight. 

It is within these shadows that Maud Matten snuck through the district, making his way back to give his lord a few lasting words. If anyone had seen him, they would most likely have discounted him for an elderly servant, returning to his lord’s house after running an errand or two. 

And he won’t have even had it in him to blame them. After all, it was his fault that he looked the way he now did. His skin sagged in places that it had once held firm and he could feel the strain on his joints as he walked. The cloaks and coat he wore hung on him limply as if to tell him that his days were numbered. 

Which they were. The burden Roedran had placed on him was unlike anything he knew. And now, it was collecting its due. 

Still, he shuffled on, swallowing the pain he felt as he walked. He couldn’t falter. He couldn’t slow down. With the way his body was ageing, he was certain that his time would end before the hour was out. 

*Just down the road. Just down. I’ll be there soon master. You must know… You must!*

His hand came up to his breast pocket to finger a letter he had written before he lost the ability to. If he could get that into the house at the very least, he knew he would have succeeded at something. His hands, however, shook with the effort, reminding him that his body was fighting against his very progress. 

He had been a soldier decades before he met Roedran, a few years still before the mad king roped him into one of his nefarious schemes. He had met the king as a prince then, a charming and confident lad with an air of importance around him that made him seem great to anyone who met him. 

At first, Maud had put it down to the man being a crown prince, but he had seen firsthand at the skill the prince displayed in his unique knowledge of the kingdom and its allies. It was then he had heard stories of how the prince had spent a few years outside the kingdom. And somehow, he had fallen for the prince’s charm because of those years. 

When they would meet again, it was after the tournament had concluded, days before the coronation of the new king. He had been employed into the services of House Tevan then, to serve as the lord’s councillor. 

He had escorted his master on their first meeting with the new king and upon entering the throne room, he had felt a shift in the atmosphere, a feeling that he had honed on the fields of battle. He had locked eyes with the king and he knew then, that the man on the throne was a dangerous person. 

The king had kept him behind, dismissing his lord which was an unheard act and it was then he got recruited. 

Even then, he had expected the king’s plans to be predictable. And, he couldn’t have been more wrong. 

He took another step and felt his bones give, snapping like a broken twig. He fell to the ground and pain shot through his body. He tried to call for help as he dragged himself towards the now visible house down the road but his mouth was dry and his jaw ached from the effort.

In the distance, he could see a pair of patrolling guards making their way towards him and he made to stretch towards them, mentally urging them to get to him faster. 

His hand fell and when he tried to raise it back up, it failed to respond to him. He wheezed silently as he tried to talk but no sound made it through his mouth. Breathing was getting difficult and he could feel his eyes beginning to blur. 

*You must know, master… You must…*

The thought failed to finish as he closed his eyes for the last time. 

\---

“Where do you wish to go, your majesty?” the captain asked as he regarded the man standing on his ship.

Sajid wasn’t a man to fear other men but something about his guest made his hair stand on end. If he had to describe it to his children, which he planned to, assuming he lived long enough to see them, he would have said it was like standing in the presence of a dragon who could eat him on a whim. 

Even then, he felt that retelling still didn’t quite capture the atmosphere around the former king. 

As if sensing the aura he was sensing, his deckhands walked clear of the man whose attention seemed to rest on the city in the distance. 

*The golden city. Perhaps the king is feeling homesick. After all, the throne was his until a few days ago. I should…*

“I am not a king anymore, Sajid,” the man said and Sajid felt a cold chill run down his spine. He hadn’t introduced himself yet. 

“So, call me Roedran. I will call you captain. Wouldn’t that serve you better, Captain Sajid?” Roedran said with casual indifference. 

“Aye… You can call me whatever… R-Roedran. The Whispering Willows do be at your service. Where is it you wish to go? We are a shipping vessel and we only trade between Hanase and Iresha. Do you wish to see-”

“Take me to Nafri, captain.”

“Nafri is out of our way, my lord… I mean… Nafri is away from us. Admittedly, it lies south of Iresha, but we don’t do any work with brutes-”

“It will be a trip worth your while, Sajid,” the man said, removing a pouch from his belt. 

He threw the pouch towards him and he caught it, though his hands sagged from the weight of it. 

“Elemira gold. Enough to buy you and all your crew new ships. Think of it as the first pay for a long trip.”

Sajid licked his lips and nodded hesitantly. He smiled at the former king before barking orders to his crew to set sail. 

As they worked, getting the ship ready to sail, he couldn’t help but remember one of the earlier lessons of his childhood. One that he had witnessed firsthand while sailing with his father. It had been a simple one. 

*“If a person has to pay more than what a journey is worth, that person is either running from evil or running towards evil.”*

And for reasons he couldn’t quite determine, he knew that the former king was not running from evil. 

|Next update:|*29th July 2019*|
|:-|:-|A second passes. Then, two. Then, three...

By the fifth, I'm certain that I can dispose of the doctor and the strangers in the room within the next five minutes. Their weak points were as clear as day and the posture in which they sat, leaning forward towards me, works extremely to my advantage. Four strangers and a slim doctor. No nurses in sight. My eyes take in the room and the smell of 'clean' filled my nostrils.

My eyes dart to the doctor who looks me over with a stern expression, before returning to the folder in his hands. The room maintains its silence, with the strangers giving me weird smiles and alternating their attention between the doctor and I. I give them a smile of mine, something to disarm them completely for when I choose to launch my attack. Their smile turns tentative as they whisper between each other.

My mouth moves  to talk and for the first time since noticing the strangers, a sense of *oddity* descends on me. Slowly, I bring my hands to my face only to find that it's not mine. Not mine. the hand is small and feminine. Slender but a bit longer than most of the short women I've dealt with in my life. Bright blue painted nails and a gasp later, I'm grimacing. My chest is heavy and a simple glance down tells me why. Doing my best to '*feel*' down there for more evidence turns up the same result and a groan escapes me.

"Are you feeling uneasy in any way?" the doctor asks, suddenly aware of my sudden displeasure.

I bring my eyes to find his. Sharp blue daggers stare back at me in earnest.

"What happened?" I ask quietly.

Before the doctor can reply, one of the strangers, an elderly woman with tears streaming down her face exclaimed with her hands wide and moved towards me, shoving the doctor aside. Instinctive, my right hand shoots towards her neck. Alexei's lesson resounds in my mind like I had only just learnt it the day before whatever this was.

*People will try to surprise you sometimes in battle. Do not hesitate. Snuff out their light before they do it to you*.

My hand barely skims past the side of her neck as her hands wrap around me in a tight hug. Tears stained my hospital gown between cries and broken speech. The stranger's oddly happy to see me and I'm not. More importantly, missing her neck is an error. In the thirty years I've spent in my career, I have not missed. Not once. Not unless I'm allowed to count my training regime into it. And even then, missing during training was a fast track to death.

"My baby... My baby..." the woman crones and disgust fills me.

Using my left hand to grab the woman behind her head, I try to pull her head to the side to expose her throat once more. It is messy work, especially with an audience to watch but the sooner I dispose of her, the sooner I can take care of the rest of the trash around me. My right hand twitched, suddenly aimed towards the small of her neck when I feel another hand grab it casually but firmly.

I look up at the doctor who holds the hand in place with a smile. It took me a few blinks to notice that the smile didn't touch his eyes. Instead, in the briefest of moments, I feel death in the man's gaze. A cold, unrelenting void that stared deep into me and threatened to end my life right there and then. I gasp for breath again as it suddenly becomes hard to breathe. Sweat forms on my forehead and I vaguely hear the doctor telling the woman to let go of me so that I can breathe.

Fear flashed across her features at the words and she reluctantly pulled away. My vision blurs and drowsiness makes me unsteady. I try to breathe, utilizing the techniques of centuries old. Techniques that my leader had hammered into me and my brethren. My eyes threaten to close and I fight it. The thought of being at the mercy of a man who could give such a look, as well as the strangers around my bed, is terrifying.

Willing myself to stay awake, my eyes snap open to an empty room, save for the doctor who's sitting opposite the bed, looking at me.

I frown at him, suddenly aware that there were binding around my ankles and on my wrist.

"Who are you?" I say coldly.

"That's the wrong question, Trevor," the doctor says in a smooth voice, leafing through the folder on his lap.

My face darkens at the mention of the name. No one is supposed to know that name. No one. The fact that he does suddenly make the bindings on my arms and legs feel much more restricting. The doctor looks up from the folder for a brief moment, before breaking into a wide smile. There's a sudden glint in his eyes and I grit my teeth, awaiting the inevitable death.

"The question you should be asking right now should be about who you are," the doctor says before tossing the folder onto my lap, "And what you did to deserve this."

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Sir Richard Drutithe, a lord in the Assembly of Law that governed Iresha, sat quietly on the table across from the Elemiran king who looked at him with a worried look. A vote had gone out on the floor and he had been picked as the next emissary to visit their supposed allies.

The fourth to be voted forward.

The other three who had gone before him were never seen or heard from since they left from Iresha weeks ago.

Truth be told, he hadn’t expected to succeed in the journey either. He had given in to the fancy and rumours that had circulated as to what occurred to the other delegates that had been sent to Elemira. Throughout the sea ride, he half expected his throat to be slit and for his body to be thrown overboard before anyone could know.

And yet, here he was, in front of the Elemiran king, laying out the reasons as to why he had made the journey, to begin with.

He could understand why some of his peers had pushed for the change in the law in regards to who got to visit foreign lands. If a single visit could cost the lives of three lords, gentlemen in charge of districts needing governorship, then something needed to be done to fix that. As it stood, elections were being carried out to raise lords in the districts now.

Sir Richard planned to lend his support towards the change the next time the Assembly gather for their monthly meeting. The weeklies were barely attended as it was…

...*and I believe it will go down well with the full hall too if I use the unfortunate absent lords as reasons.*

Using a hand cloth to cover his mouth as he sighed, he looked around the room once more.

When he had been announced, he had expected to meet a full room of nobles, princes and princesses but instead, he had been ushered into a dining hall to join the king for lunch. The hall was magnificently coloured in black and gold and he couldn’t help but marvel at it, despite his reason for the visit.

Still, the king had paused eating and was rapping his fingers on the table.

“So you say that you’re at war and you need help from us?” the king said in a low voice. The Nafri man sitting across from me had a dangerous air around him, one that he couldn’t quite place.

“Aye, your majesty. I understand it is a bit sudden but the former king allied with our nations when he heard about the Nafri king’s ambition to expand past their borders. It was he who set the terms of the alliance,” he replied.

The words had left his mouth before he realised what he had said. His eyes caught the king’s and he cleared his throat. He had no idea how the new king would handle hearing that the king of his people had started a war.

*Blasted suns above. What if he chooses to void the alliance and join Nafri against us?*

“And the terms?” the king asked.

“That Elemira will provide soldiers and weapons should a war ever break out between Iresha and Nafri. And in return, we will provide him with a specified favour,” he said, rubbing his beard, “I can’t recall the favour in particular, but I do know it was mundane enough for us to question the alliance agreement.”

The king slammed a fist on the table and swore quietly under his breath before getting to his feet. Sir Richard couldn’t quite catch the word but he could see the frustration on the new king’s face. Somehow, it would appear that the previous king had kept the information from him. The dark-skinned king paced up and down for a moment before stopping and looking at him.

“When did the war begin? Isn’t it too soon to be requesting aid?” the king inquired, his tone barely masking the urgency in the question.

“We have been at war with Nafri for a week and a fortnight gone, your majesty. We tried informing you earlier,” Sir Richard replied slowly.

“You tried?” the king asked.

“Aye. We’ve sent three of our lords to you. We haven’t heard from them. We thought that, perhaps, you might have an idea on where they might be?” he said, frowning. A chill ran down his spine as he regarded the Elemiran king. Something was wrong but he couldn’t place it.

The king frowned for a moment, staring wordlessly at him before looking at the guard at the door.

“You! Get Kattus here. And send word to the noble houses. Tell them to make it here with haste. Go! Now!” he barked at the guard and the man peeled off through the corridor.

The king stopped pacing. Instead, he sat back down on the chair and gently rubbed his left arm as if lost in thought. The man waved for a servant who ran to refill his cup with some wine.

The servant moved towards him to refill his but he politely shook his head and instead asked for some tea. With the way the king had exploded, he felt it would be in his best interest to not be inebriated.

He felt awkward sitting in silence with the new king. Not that he had been expecting anything too different from what he had heard and learnt about the former king, King Roedran, but he hadn’t expected to see a Nafri king. That had been a shock to him. That was still a shock to him.

The servant returned with a tray holding a small cup with a few crockery, setting it just before him.

*I will need to update the Assembly on this development as well, it seems. That, and the disappearance of Lords Heckler, Dwaid and Lance. Perhaps, I can bring that up as something for these Elemirans to solve.*

\---

Elsewhere in the golden city, in an alleyway situated in the lowest districts just before the great gate, Jim-Jim walked through the crowd of beggars, lepers and the diseased. A makeshift cloak, sewn together from patches of discarded clothes, covered him as he slinked his way through the filth that was Elemira’s underbelly.

He had a destination in mind, one born out of necessity and a will to survive to see the next day’s sun. Something none of his *secret* companions could say they had an opportunity to whenever duty calls. He was lucky in that aspect, in some demented way and he held on to that luck with his every being.

He hobbled down a broken down path, nodding at familiar faces and city guards. A few called to him, offering him a mug of ale for his worries but he waved them down with his good hand. There was work to be done. Duty sang to him like a sparrow high up in the trees. Except, there were no trees in the lower districts. Only sickness and death.

Still, he wanted to survive. He needed to survive. It was the only way he was going to rise from among the ashes of the world and attain a new standing with his master. After all, that had been the promise that secured his services. A new order, a new body and perhaps some comeuppance that was due.

A voice screamed for help, another for coins but he paid no mind to them. Voices screamed every hour in the lower districts. Helping meant death, more often than not. And he wasn’t interested in helping. He had a mission to complete.

Slowly, he made his way to a wall separating the lowest district from the one above it, hidden by downtrodden houses and poorly secured roofs. There was a small hole large enough for a man to pass through, hidden by a collection of metal plates, broken wooden planks and a carpet.

He stopped to observe his surroundings for a few minutes until he was sure no one had disturbed what he left behind. Once certain, he retrieved the bundle he had been carrying under his right arm and placed it on the floor. Then, using his hand and legs, spread the bundle of dark clothes in three piles next to the hole.

Looking around to ensure he wasn’t being seen, he carefully removed the metal plates, wood and carpet before crawling through the hole. As he entered, he used the carpet to hide the space once more and continued his crawl until his head poked out the end into a dark basement.

He checked his surroundings briefly before removing himself from the hole. The basement he was in was large enough to pass as a house in the lowest district and the knowledge always pricked his skin on how those higher than him lived. It was why he couldn’t wait to see them all torn down from their houses and back into the filth they created.

The filth that created him.

Metal appliances hung on the wall as jars of indiscernible materials sat on shelves along the wall. He saw tools laid out on benches, curved knives and odd-looking utensils that he couldn’t understand their use for. A small part of him wanted to move closer to see but he decided against it.

In the middle of the room, a large bed-table sat with arm and leg bindings on each end. Around the table was a large pole that held an unlit lantern. Jim-Jim had never seen anyone lie on the table before but he couldn’t help but feel like no one should. Something about the bed-table frightened him a lot.

At the other end of the room, was a wall that had multiple handles on them. In the dark, as that had been the only real time he ever came into the basement, it was hard to see exactly why the wall had handles but he never moved closer to the wall. He could never bring himself to.

His eyes moved back to the oddly shaped knives and objects on the table and he gulped. He hated the basement room with every fibre of his being.

The last time he had touched a piece of equipment with his thumb, the meister had claimed the finger as recompense. Now, he had a deformed left hand that barely held a mug right and stump where his right hand was supposed to be. So, he kept to himself. Life was manageable that way.

Still, there was a job to be done and he had to ensure it was done in time. He waited in the darkness for a few moments, shifting on his feet. Nervousness and fear clung to his skin as time dragged on. Soon enough, as if to calm his growing worries, the door to the basement clicked open and a man walked down the stairs.

The man was tall and slim with a kind face that betrayed his true self. There was a smile etched on his lips that never met his eyes which shone like sharpened razors. White shoes clacked on the staircase as the man descended into the room.

Jim-Jim fell to his knees at once, muttering a greeting to his meister who walked to his table to check on his tools before turning to face him.

“I believe I told you not to come here unless summoned?” the man said in a clear, amused voice.

“Yes, my lord. Yes. Jim is not stupid. I’s only here ‘cause of the brand. The brand on me back,” Jim-Jim said quickly.

“What brand?” the man asked moving towards him and Jim-Jim shrunk away, spitting out a reply just as quick.

“The brand from our mutual friend, my lord. He says we should return the foreign corpses to be found when the brand burns, my lord.”

The meister froze in front of him, just as his back had hit a wall and Jim-Jim found himself praying that he would be able to leave without losing any more of himself to the man. Instead, the man rubbed his chin, gliding away from him and to the nearby wall with handles in them.

The man grabbed a handle and pulled. Jim-Jim gasped a tray with a human body extended itself from the wall. He used his remaining hand to close his mouth when the meister repeated the same action with two other handles.

“I take it you mean these corpses?” the man asked.

“Ah… yes, my lord. They are the ones needed,” he answered back in return, slowly rising to his feet. He still kept his head bowed but he moved towards one of the bodies.

“What has your master commanded that you do with them?” the man inquired.

“To bring them out in the open. He says to gift a noble with two and display the other for all to see,” he replied, dragging the first body off the table.

“I see… well, my part is finished. When you’re done, push the trays back in. I have guests to attend to. I will call for you either tomorrow or the day after. I will need you. Don’t keep me waiting.”

With that, the man walked up to the stairs and out of the basement.

Jim-Jim stared after him for a long moment, letting out a sigh of relief. His unfortunate introduction to the man still played in his mind like an unending memory. From the moment he had met the man, he had seen the cruelty that the meister could mete out without an ounce of regret in his eyes.

He shook himself and turned his attention back to the cold bodies in front of him. Carrying all three out was not going to be easy but it was the job he had to do. The brand grew hot, hastening his movements as he dragged the three dead men off the meister’s tray and onto the floor.

He could delay the delivery to the noble, another participant in his master’s scheme, as the public display was the more important plan. The body had to be seen before the day ended.

\---

Xioden drummed his fingers on the table in an attempt to pacify his nerves and appear calm in front of the delegate from Iresha. He had far too many questions swirling around his mind and uncertainty made him sweat.

*War… War. I haven’t even held the throne for a year yet and now I must deal with war. Damn you, Father.*

Still, the more pressing thought was that of the missing delegates from Iresha. The fact that they had sent three to him and all three had gone missing was as serious an issue as any. Foreign delegates missing in Elemira was an international issue that couldn’t just be swept under the carpet.

Something was amiss and he needed to figure out what it was.

He got back up to his feet, ignoring the eyes of the Ireshan man sitting at the other end of the table. His arm felt cool to touch, too cold even and he couldn’t help but feel like he was a pawn dancing to a different tune.

Somehow, his father had created an alliance just before the tournament with questionable terms and *somehow,* he had profited something off it that no one knew about. He would need to speak to Lord Dekkar about that. The alliance itself held no real weight for Elemira but he couldn’t cut it off now, not while they were actively warring against a different nation. The message it would send to their other allies would be disastrous.

The sounds of multiple footsteps pulled his attention to the corridor and he watched as his council all walked in, with Lady Kana taking the lead and Lord Harlin pulling up the rear. As they filed in they looked at him with concern and then at the Ireshan man sitting at the table.

The man swiftly rose to his feet before giving a short bow and introducing himself.

“Hello esteemed nobles, I am Sir Richard Drutithe, 56th lord in the Ireshan Assembly of Law. I am honoured to be in your presence,” he spoke.

Xioden waited for the words to die out before adding his in return.

“You must all be wondering why I gathered you here,” he began, walking back to his seat and waving for them to join him. He did his best to appear calm though he was anything but.

“Sir Richard has come to call on our aid on behalf of Iresha and the Assembly of Law.”

“That can easily be arranged, your majesty. I see no reason for the full council to be summoned. I believe, if Dekkar isn’t too busy,” Lord Timon said in a gleeful tone as he gave a nervous chuckle, “Surely he can sort whatever needs to be sorted out…”

Lady Unora rolled her eyes before turning to face him, “Surely, he would have thought about that before rounding us up, Timon. If we are here, then it means we are needed, no?”

Lord Timon’s cheeks reddened as he shot her a look but she ignored him and turned to Xioden.

“My king, pray tell. What sort of aid does Iresha require that you would summon us so?” she asked with a sigh.

Xioden looked at all the faces at the table and back to the Ireshan man who had picked up the small cup of honey tea in front of him. Then he uttered the word he hoped to never say, especially with Death on his arm.

“War.”

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden leaned forward in on the throne, resting his head on a fist. Thoughts swirled around wildly in his head but he chose to focus on the scene before him. A scene that he had hoped to never experience. Still, he took it in stride. The weight of being a ruler was indescribable and it surprised him as to how much had happened in the fortnight since ascended to the throne.

Below him, Kattus worked with a healer, as they inspected the dead body of the Ireshan lord. Standing to the side, close to the body of his former colleague, stood Sir Richard who had a small white cloth over his nostrils.

His guards, the king's guards, all stood attentive to the side, their attention on everything but what was happening next to them. Still, he could tell they were ready to defend him should the chance arrived. Kattus had been thorough in his selection.

The guards that followed him around and escorted him whenever he walked around the castle were veterans, that much he was certain about. There was a hardness in their faces that spoke volumes. And even they tried to cover their uneasiness by sniffing and looking away.

The gesture was clear.

He too had removed a similar cloth from his coat before he noticed the first oddity the body provided them with. He had pocketed the cloth soon after.

*There is no smell of death hanging around him…*

He couldn’t see the dark wisp that usually hung above the body of corpses either. All he got instead, was an odd smell that reminded him of the ointments that his mother sometimes used to clean and dress whatever bruise he got from playing rough with the other Nafri children in the village.

The memory washed over him like a soft breeze and he held back a heavy sigh. He directed his mind back towards the smell. While his mother had been the one to introduce him to that scent, he had gotten the same from the Healers who ran around the city on occasion at the beck and call of a noble who had hurt his or herself.

That was how the Healers and Dousers were used. For the benefit of the ruling party, leaving the rest of the city to fend for itself. It was what opened the door to the sickness that hung around the lower districts of the golden city.

Xioden grimaced.

Solving the problem of the lower city had been one of his goals for when he took the throne and now, irritation and guilt gnawed at him as he considered how little he had thought about them since he became king. They had been in his mind at the beginning but with his mother’s death and trying to catch up to speed and fixing the intentional mess his father had left behind, he had slowly but surely relegated the lower districts to the recesses of his mind.

And now, the small slight had returned to stab him in the back. He wasn’t naive to believe it was a direct result of his forgetfulness but someone had capitalised on it and now he was going to have to resolve it one way or the other.

“Your majesty?” a voice cut through his line of thought.

He blinked for a few moments before setting his gaze on the Healer who wore a look of confusion on her face. As she opened her mouth to speak, he raised a hand to stop her, shooting a glance at his Ireshan guest, whose attention was focused on the body of his colleague.

“Have you determined the cause of death?” he asked smoothly.

“Yes, your majesty. Single impalement through the body from the back. After which the throat was slit. The blade used in the impalement was coated with a substance very akin to poisoning, due to the discoloured skin around the cut,” the Healer said, going through her notes.

“Thank you,” Xioden said, leaning back.

“My lord, there is-” she began but he brought a hand up once more. He inclined his head ever so slightly at Kattus who whispered into the woman’s ear.

"Sir Richard. I take it, this is one of your colleagues?" he asked quietly.

"Aye, your majesty. This would be Sir Augustus Dwaid," Sir Richard replied.

Xioden nodded sadly.

“I assume for a man like you, you understand the reason as to why I called you to see this?” he asked, directing the question and his attention at his guest.

“Aye… Keeping everyone’s card on the table is always a decent way to play,” the man said as he gently touched his colleague’s cold body.

Xioden chuckled and the man turned back to face him with a smile on his face.

“I will be releasing your former colleague to you. He will be carried in the finest coffin we can build and I will lease some of my guards to escort you back to Iresha. I would prefer you returned to your land as you arrived,” Xioden said after a fashion.

“Many thanks, your majesty. You’ve been mighty gracious to me and my colleagues. I pray that the gods assist in your efforts to find the others,” Sir Richard bowed as he spoke.

He opened his mouth to correct the man but decided to dismiss it. The gods were a non-factor in his Elemira. Especially after what the thunder god had pulled in the tournament. A chill ran down his spine as he recalled how a god had tried to kill him directly. He couldn’t imagine anything like it.

*Then again, he’s not the first to try. Anubis has him beat. I guess I can say I’ve survived to gods’ attempts to snuff me out. I wonder if anyone else can talk of such a feat…*

His mood brightened before souring almost immediately as his eyes settled on his left arm. Even underneath the shirt he was wearing, he could still feel the coolness of the black markings on his otherwise unblemished arm. He licked his lips and let out a small sigh before looking at Kattus who had already ordered a small squad of ten guards to carry the body and escort the Ireshan lord out of the throne room.

With them gone, Xioden motioned for Kattus and the Healer to walk up to him. He had stopped the woman from speaking more on the body. As much as he wanted to be open with the foreigner, he thought it would be wise to exercise caution on information that might be sensitive.

“My lord,” the Healer and Kattus spoke in turn as they knelt before the throne. Xioden nodded and Kattus stood up and moved to stand beside the throne.

“You have more that you wish to say. I would like to hear it,” he said.

“Yes, your majesty,” the Healer replied before getting to her feet and retrieving some pieces of parchment from a small pouch around her waist.

“The man was killed as described but from the smell that came from his body and an odd line that ran the length of his left side, I would have to say some work was done on him.

“As you no doubt noticed, my lord, his body lacked the smell of decay that usually came with death. Instead, there was a clean scent to the smell. Somewhat sickly. I am unsure as to what might cause this but I would say that the man was preserved somehow.”

Xioden rubbed his forehead as he thought about what the Healer had said. He had been eager to put the crime under his father’s machinations but it looked like someone else was involved. Someone in the city had murdered a foreign noble and kept them *preserved* until today.

He felt a cool breeze on his skin drawing his attention to the window. The sun was beginning to set on the city. Letting out a dry laugh, he mused on how much had occurred in the few hours since the Ireshan’s visit.

“What is your name?” Xioden asked.

“Mara, your majesty,” she replied with a small bow.

“I take it you have some samples from the corpse you just examined, yes?”

“Yes, my lord.”

He pursed his lips for a moment as an idea wormed its way into his mind. He couldn’t tell whether or not there was a path in it. Still, if it worked, it would yield something useful for once.

“Why did you become a healer, Mara?” he asked as casually as he could.

She frowned for a short moment before smoothing her face and replying.

“My father was a metalsmith, your majesty. And a drunk. On some nights, he’d return with either burns or cuts from a bar fight. My mother and I always did our best to patch him back up but I guess it never really held…” she paused as if to steady herself, “...because one night he never returned.”

“My sympathies are yours,” he said quietly.

“I chose to be a healer because… I thought it might be of some use to someone. Maybe, I can help them avoid a fate like that of my father’s.”

Xioden stared into her eyes for a long period. She held his stare without so much as a blink and it made him smile a little.

“I am sorry to impose this on you but… take the rest of the day off. Starting tomorrow, you will be working in the castle with Kattus here,” he said, indicating to the man who stood quietly beside him.

She looked at him questioningly before shifting her gaze to Kattus and then back at him.

“Is something the matter, your majesty?” she asked, a hint of fear creeping into her voice.

“Nothing concerning you. I just require your direct services. As you will be working for me, I will be glad if you can show some discretion about the information you might come across,” he added and she nodded.

“Thank you, Mara. You may go…”

With that, the healer curtsied and left the throne room to just Kattus and him, not counting the guards that stood by the large doors to the room and the ones just beneath the throne. He got back to his feet, stretching his back. The sky still held the faint orange and purple streak that signified that it wasn’t quite evening yet.

Still, Xioden found himself drained. He wanted to retire for the night to read some more recordings about the old world. Lord Harlin had sent over a few more books to his chambers and he couldn’t wait to dive into them. A little part of his mind reprimanded him for thinking about himself when the country was on the brink of entering a war.

“I think it’s safe to say you do that far more than you notice,” he heard Kattus say and he turned to face him.

“Do what?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Now and then, you grab your left arm as you currently are. If you’re not in a conversation, your gaze looks through whoever and whatever,” the guard replied as he yawned.

Xioden looked down to find that the man had been right. He was holding his left arm in an oddly strong grip. Nonetheless, the hold felt comfortable to him, enough so that he felt reluctant to let go. But let go he did. He couldn’t remember the last time he picked a habit as obvious as that.

The last habit he had developed was drumming on the table whenever he felt anxious or nervous and Jonshu had harassed him until he managed to reduce the occurrence of the action.

*I wonder what he’s up to now. Probably throwing another party as usual. With the other princes too. I should probably see to them as I’m now king.*

“There’s someone in this city that knows how to preserve bodies, Kattus. Someone who is currently involved in a plot, I believe,” he said.

“In other words, someone is trying to get Elemira into a war?”

“No… At least, nothing that simple. There are many threads to this that I haven’t quite thought out yet. Many threads that would be just as harrowing as the next,” Xioden replied before sighing and turning towards the door to his chambers.

At once, four guards split away from the group keeping watching in his throne room to step behind Kattus and him.

“Tell me, Kattus,” he began as he walked, “Have the noble houses started moving?”

“If by moving, you’re asking if they are doing the job you’ve told them to do, then most of them are. I’ve gotten word of Lord Timon and Lady Kana’s exit from the city as well as word of conscription filling the streets. Word is, you’ve got a dragon sword itching for battle.”

“I do? I’d love to see it…” Xioden replied with a wry smile before grinning at Kattus. Soon enough, both men began to laugh.

After they had calmed down from their laughter, Xioden looked around for the last time before exiting the throne room. As they walked down the corridor towards his room, he took occasional glances at his friend.

He couldn’t help but feel glad that he had a friend in the castle for all the obedience the inhabitants gave him. It was a comfort he was grateful for. A pang of gnawing guilt ate at him as he thought on Farooq and Arissa, silently lamenting at the fact that they hadn’t been given the chance to see him on the throne. He missed them but he hoped they were at least at peace.

As he neared the door to his room, he slowed his walk. The man next to him slowed just as smoothly, matching his movements.

“Find Lord Dekkar. Ensure that what was supposed to be sent, has been sent. I mean to wrest control back into my hands as soon as possible, Kattus,” he said softly.

“As you wish. I should say though… address your people. They should know if their efforts are going to be geared towards war,” the guard said.

“Towards helping our allies, you mean. They don’t need the details.”

“Helping allies or not. War is war. Elemirans are not stupid. Especially if we’re going to have Elemirans on the battlefield,” the guard said dryly.

Xioden turned to face him but the man just inclined his head as if to challenge him to rebuff his statement. He narrowed his eyes at his friend who gave him a small smile before sauntering away.

The man had been right though it was unpleasant for him to hear. He was going to war with Nafri, of all nations. The realisation hit him and he staggered, supporting himself with the wall.

*By Routoni’s grace, let the white death kill me!* He thought darkly to himself.

He had been set up to fight his very own people. His former friends, neighbours and even colleagues. He was going to have to face against his kind, order men and women who looked like him to be killed. Bile rose in his throat as he considered it.

*I have given my word. I have given my word, blasted suns. Damn it all to the sun and back. I can’t… Light…*

As he took a step forward, he felt the air on his skin stand on end and he turned in time to dodge a knife that whizzed past him, embedding itself into the door.

The guards escorting him immediately unsheathed their blade, surrounding him as they looked around wildly for where the knife had come from. A sizzling sound pulled his attention to the door and he scowled as the area the knife had struck began to sizzle from what he could only guess was poison.

He directed his attention back to his front but like the guards, he couldn’t locate anyone in the corridor, except for dancing shadows and flickering lamps.

“Stand aside,” he said to his guards.

“I can’t do that, your majesty,” a guard by the name of Samma replied. The man’s face was hard and attentive, waiting for the briefest sign of movement in the corridor.

Xioden took a knife from a belt of one of the guards and used it to make a cut in his left sleeve, before tearing it all off to expose his arm. A few of the guards glanced at him, no longer than a second or two, before returning their attention to the corridor.

“It’s an order. Move,” he barked.

Reluctantly, the guards parted for him. As soon as they gave him space, he extended his left arm towards the corridor. Silently hoping that his secret training was not for nought, he reached into the power in the arm. Feeling the darkness dwelling in it, he imagined himself grabbing onto and dragging it out.

Suddenly, a wave of dark mist flooded the corridor, emanating from his left arm. As the mist roared down the corridor, a sound that felt more like the screams of tortured souls, he tried to ignore what he was hearing and instead, try to catch whatever might be hiding.

After a few seconds, he pulled back on the dark mist, struggling against its urge to go on a rampage as it had done in the arena. Sweat beaded on his forehead as he gritted his teeth. He could feel the guards staring at him with pale faces but he ignored them, focusing instead on his powers.

Slowly but surely, the mist obeyed and retreated to the markings on his arm.

The corridor was empty once more and visible. And in the light of the lamps that flickered wildly as if glad to be free of the mist, lying lifelessly on the floor, were two dead bodies.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Kattus walked into the dining hall in time to catch the word that Xioden uttered. There was a moment of brief silence before Lady Kana opened her mouth to speak and noise broke out from all the others in unison.

Lord Dekkar and Lord Thomas were questioning the Ireshan man who he only just noticed, sitting at the end of the table opposite the king. Lady Kana was questioning the king, while Lord Harlin only shook his head in worry. Lady Unora and Lord Timon argued about war though he couldn’t quite pick out what was being said.

He moved closer, his cloak billowing around him, making his way towards the king. He had taken a few steps when he heard Lord Dekkar’s voice resonated through the hall as he got to his feet.

“I’m afraid to tell you this but you are on your own in this war,” the man said, turning to walk out of the room.

King Xioden met his eyes and he could see worry lines form on his friends face. The king’s attention shifted off him to Lord Dekkar.

“I didn’t say you could leave, Lord Dekkar,” the king said with a sigh before adding, “Besides, it’s not up to you to dictate what can be done or not done.”

The lord of House Tevan stopped in his steps and turned around, frowning at the king. Kattus glanced at the man and the king before walking to stand next to the king.

“Please, do take a seat. I brought you all here because this call for aid is one that we can’t refuse…” King Xioden said, drumming his fingers on the table. The king looked up to meet his gaze with a tight smile before continuing, “...on account of Sir Richard being the fourth delegate to be sent to us.”

“The fourth?” Lady Unora asked with a slight frown.

“Aye, my good lady,” the Ireshan man said with a slight bow, “I am the fourth lord to be sent. There are three others that left Iresha before me and we haven’t seen or heard from them since.”

“In other words, not only do we have a war situation on our hands, we have three Ireshan lords lost in Elemira, or worse. Surely, you understand why we can’t turn down their aid. It might send the wrong message if you catch my meaning,” the king said, staring intently at the Ireshan man across the table.

“If there are lords missing in the city, I can pass down the message via the city guards so that they can start a search immediately,” Kattus said, speaking into the now silent hall.

“That would be grand, Kattus. Thank you,” Xioden said with a tight smile aimed at Kattus, he nodded and began to walk towards the corridor once more, signalling for the guard to follow him.

He wasn’t sure what he had walked into but three missing foreign delegates was a problem that could be so much worse than it currently was. Somehow, he had to figure out what had happened in the first place.

\---

Xioden watched his friend leave before turning to face the Ireshan lord sitting across from him. The man seemed more focused on the tea he was drinking than on what was happening before him. He knew the gesture was false but appreciated the man’s attempt to spare him and his council some embarrassment.

Even as he sat with them all, he chastised himself for the mistake he had made. Calling the council in front of his guest to explain an oversight was a costly political move, one that might weaken the strides he had taken to ensure that they respected him and the position he held.

Still, it was a minor problem compared to the missing visitors.

“Sir Richard,” he began and the Ireshan man’s head whipped up to face his, “Your request of aid shall be answered.”

The man smiled and gave a gracious bow before rising to his feet. Xioden smiled back and replied with a small bow of his. He wasn’t done yet. The rest of the council were now facing the man with emotionless faces.

“Tell your Assembly that once the war has been concluded, we will revisit the terms of our alliance. Not to cancel, mind you… but to observe and perhaps, change whatever it is my predecessor put in place,” he continued.

“That is fair, Your Majesty,” Sir Richard replied.

“We should have resources and men to send over to Iresha in about a week’s time. A fortnight at most. Please cheer your men to hold the line till then,” Xioden finished.

“I will do as much, Your majesty. I thank you for your hospitality and the aid to be rendered. I also sincerely apologise for the burden of missing delegates on your soil. I speedily pray for their safe return,” the Ireshan man intoned and bowed deeply once more before following an attendant out of the room.

“So do I,” Xioden whispered to nobody in particular.

The room remained silent for a while as everyone remained in their thoughts. Xioden looked around slowly. There was an itch at the nape of his neck, unlike that of his left arm. An itch that he desperately wanted to scratch but couldn't. Not because it was difficult or that he worried about getting strange looks from the nobles around the table, but because the itch felt deep.

Like even if he tried, it wouldn’t amount to any comfort whatsoever.

It wasn’t the thought of war itself that frightened him. It was the thought of a war affecting the country as it was, added with what Death wanted him to deliver. He still hadn’t decided on how to fulfil his deal to his patron yet and now, an unwanted opportunity had been dropped on his plate.

Xioden frowned and looked at his arm.

He had been somewhat relieved at the reduced itching that came from the markings on his left arm. Usually, it alerted him to the presence of death in the area or whenever death was to be given. Sometimes, it even itched simply because of reasons he had no idea of. And yet, for the last few days, it hadn’t bothered him at all. Instead, it had felt cool to his touch.

*I am either imagining it or… Death is distracted. Could it be…? Thanatos, if you can hear my thoughts, give me a sign. I need to speak to you.*

“Seeing as nobody is talking...” Lady Unora broke the silence, leaning forward to speak, “...does anyone have a clue as to the missing Ireshans on our soil?”

Everyone around the table shifted as if being pulled back from their thoughts and into the present.

“I fear that’s the least of our worries. The king’s edicts,” Lord Timon began before pausing and giving Xioden an apologetic smile, “I mean, the former king’s lifestyle has formed a *problem* of sorts in the lower districts. As you’re all aware, there’s a reason why we walk around with our personal guards should we ever have to leave the city on occasion.”

“You’re implying that the men are dead, Timon.” Lord Thomas Sengh spoke in a quiet neutral tone.

The lord of House Sengh had been absent in his first meeting with the seven noble houses and when he had finally gotten a hold of the man, he was surprised at how different the noble was. The slender nobleman always dressed in the finest silk, a feat that even trumped that of House Janaya, whose lord and lady made a game of trying to outdo their previous wear.

The man never smiled and rarely frowned. Instead, Lord Thomas Sengh spoke in a neutral tone with a smooth face whenever he opened his mouth to speak. And it never raised past a certain volume either.

“Aye,” Lord Timon answered, frowning into a wine cup. Xioden hadn’t seen when the man was handed one.

“If they are dead, we need to find them fast. All three of them,” Lord Dekkar said.

“What difference would it make? If they are dead, they are dead. We’ll send a signed letter of apology and some aid for their war,” Lady Unora said in exasperation.

“*Because,*” Lord Dekkar began, narrowing his eyes at Unora across the table, “If they are dead and their killers mean to make things difficult for us, they could send the bodies back, mocking our allies in the process. And that’s not even with me discussing the atrocities they could perform on the bodies before sending them back.”

Lady Unora sighed and pinched the bridge of her nostrils with her eyes closed. Xioden looked at Lady Kana, Lord Vyas and Lord Harlin. They sat quietly with their eyes fixed on a distance he couldn’t see. The lord of House Doe looked a bit sad, however, like he was watching the repeat of something he had seen before.

*War…*

Xioden sat up straight and sighed before nodding towards the head of House Claren.

“Anything to add, Lady Kana?” he asked.

“We don’t have enough gold at the moment in our coffers to aid another nation in war,” she replied, removing her glasses to clean the lenses.

“We barely have enough for Elemira itself and the deal with Illimerea hasn’t been finalised yet.”

Lord Timon spluttered, dropping his wine-cup down. He looked at the cup pretending that there was something wrong with it. Lord Dekkar simply stroked his chin and looked away.

“What deal is this?” Lady Unora asked, frowning.

“The Illimereans in the north light their cities with glowing crystals. I had the chance of seeing one when I worked with a merchant. They are magical crystals, worth a lot if my guess is right. I planned to get some crystals off them and sell for a profit to allies,” Xioden replied to her before looking at the three.

She raised an eyebrow at him and he waved her and the question off before looking at her and speaking.

“We will discuss, all of us, about the deal at a later date. Anything you’d like to add Lord Vyas? What about you Harlin?” he asked.

“I have nothing to say that hasn’t already been said, Your Majesty,” Lord Harlin answered with a small bow and a sigh.

Xioden turned to look at Lord Vyas who wore a serious, focused face. The man’s light nature had been replaced with something he didn’t think the noble had. Then again, he knew the man was hiding his true self underneath the smiles and laughter.

“I’m with House Claren on this. The smiths tied to my family and the throne have been making small commissions and a few works here or there, selling on the market. Should we require swords and weapons, we would have to give them a commission of ours which will cost the throne some gold,” Lord Vyas said.

Xioden nodded and looked around. He had some thinking to do but he wanted all their thoughts on the current problem before they left him and from the little they had shared so far, things were looking dire.

“Lady Unora, send some feelers out. We’re looking for Ireshan men. I take it you have informants, based on the nature of your role?” he spoke, looking at them. She nodded, rising to her feet. She curtsied to him and left the hall.

“Lord Harlin, I have a few things to discuss with you so I’ll send for you later. But, please do try to gather some history on the last time Elemira was involved in a war. I want to check something.”

The head of House Doe rose to his feet slowly and bowed before exiting.

“Lord Vyas? Tell your smiths that the throne has need of their fine work. Promise them payment. I won’t be my father. Lord Thomas, conscript a few thousand men from the city and beyond. I don’t expect to send them all but it would be good to know how many men are willing to fight for Elemira at the moment.”

The two lords got to their feet amidst bows and mutters of obeisance before leaving the heads of House Tevan, Claren and Forthen with him. Xioden waited a few moments until the sound of retreating footsteps faded into nothingness.

“What happened to the deal?” he asked levelly to the remaining nobles.

“They want more,” Lord Timon answered.

“More?” Xioden frowned.

“More gold, Your majesty. I gave a generous deal to them; Two gold pieces for every crystal they mine for us. One gold piece and thirty silvers for their magic light,” he grumbled before slamming the cup on the table.

“First, they say they don’t sell their magic. Not like that. Not to us. And then I tell them about what you offered them and suddenly, magic is a market commodity. They refused to the two gold offer per crystal. They want more,” he said.

“And you moved away from negotiations after, I take it? Xioden sighed.

“Of course,” Lord Timon looked affronted, “Ten gold pieces for empty crystals is nothing other than a ploy to hurt us in one way or the other.”

Xioden rolled his eyes and exhaled steadily.

“If we’re buying for ten gold pieces, we can sell for higher. We can always sell for higher. The light crystals are nothing but a stopgap. There’s another plan in the works. In the interim, accept the deal before the markup increases. Now, more than ever, we require the funds,” Xioden said to the three nobles.

Lord Timon got to his feet with a tight smile. Xioden could see the man’s fist whiten with effort on the table accompanied by a slight trembling.

“I will take the best deal I can get out of them, Your majesty. After all, trading is what I am good at,” the Lord said, speaking slowly.

“Good? Just good. And here I was thinking you were the best in the land…” Xioden said with mock disappointment.

The head of House Forthen froze for a moment, with his eyes growing wide. Then, his mouth split into a wide smile and he gave a hearty laugh. Xioden smiled as well.

“I am the very best, Your majesty.”

“As you are. Give me your best work, Lord Timon,” he said before turning to Lady Kana, “I am certain the both of you can assist in getting something for Elemira before the week is out.”

“As you wish, my lord,” they intoned before bowing their heads slightly to him and exiting the room.

Xioden got to his feet and walked to the window in the silence. He heard the last noble get to his feet. Before the man could walk ten paces in any direction, Xioden called him over to join him by the window.

The sun had moved past noon and beginning its descent to the west. Orange streaks of light stretched across the sky and the city was bathed in the beautiful sun. The windows had been left open to allow for cool air to circulate through the hall and Xioden was grateful for it. He hadn’t really noticed how the Ireshan lord’s meeting had made him sweat.

“Dekkar… I’ll need something urgently sent to Iresha before the day’s end. It needs to reach the Assembly preferably before their lord returns,” he said in a low voice.

“Are you trying to forestall the probable event that they are dead?” the Lord asked just as quietly.

“My instincts say they are dead. Better yet, I feel their death will send Elemira spiralling into more trouble than we are ready for at the moment. Roedran put us on a bad step. I mean to right the ship before complications from the outside begin to arise,” Xioden replied.

“What would you have me say in the letter?” Lord Dekkar asked.

“I leave that to your discretion. Remember, it has to leave Elemira tonight. No longer.”

“Aye, my lord. As you wish.”

Lord Dekkar gave a formal bow and left him to his thoughts. He had expected the man to sneer at him as it was what usually occurred whenever they were left alone. And yet, the man had given him no such look in their brief talk. He wasn’t fool enough to believe the man supported him completely but he couldn’t help but feel like the matter at hand was of more importance than their squabbles. And, of all the issues arising from it, he was happy about this one thing.

\---

Jim-Jim peered through the alley to the merchant cart coming down the street. He had no idea who the merchant was or what they sold but the cart of hay was extremely promising. In something like that, he could easily hide the body behind him. He just had to get close to the cart itself. And, that meant causing the merchant to stop.

He changed his view to look down the road and allowed himself to smile for a brief moment. He couldn't allow his *friends* to know what the plan was.

He glanced behind him to his two companions, who licked their lips in anticipation of the reward he had offered them if they could help him carry out his plans. Rags hung to their bodies and they sweated something foul to stink up the whole alley but Jim-Jim didn’t care. It wasn’t going to be his burden to bear for too long.

In the middle of the two men, lay the body of one of the Ireshan men that he had hidden at the Meister’s place. He had already carried the other two to the noble though the act had cost him a lot of time. It was only after he had moved the first that he hired the other two to assist. There was no reward to be had but that was a hurdle he was willing to overlook until the job was done.

The cart rolled its way down the district, passing the alleyway that Jim-Jim was in. People walked up and down the road without as much of a glance towards the alley. He was grateful for their obliviousness as well as the manner at which they lounged and tried to pretend they were just beggars.

But now… Now, it was time to move.

Signalling for them to get ready, he stepped out of the alley and hobbled his way to block the cart in haste. The merchant, a tall and well-built man, shouted at him to move and he gave the man an apologetic smile, doing his best to not meet the man’s gaze.

Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the other men carry a body between them towards the cart with hay. He quickly glanced to his back to catch the eyes of two guards walking towards him. That was when he put on a panicked face before pointing to the cart.

The city guards looked confused at first until one of them spotted the silhouette of someone by the cart. The merchant exclaimed while the guards ran towards the cart of hay. His companions, suddenly aware that they had been seen, dropped the body they were carrying and started to run but the guards were already on them.

Jim-Jim moved closer, removing a small pipe from his pockets. He located two small darts filled with some of the rewards he had procured off a good hand of cards. Take quick aims, he blew the darts into the legs of both men and disappeared back into another alley.

The men will die, they will find the body and his job will be done for good.

And he was glad for it.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|We both stand in shock as we regard each other. My mouth moves, trying to find the right words to say that will allow the situation to make some sense but none come forward. There is a loud bang close to where we stand that shakes us from our stupor, even as the ground shakes violently under our feet. I fall to the ground, my vision blurring from the dust and ash in the air.

I smell burnt flesh and I know instantly that someone has died close to us. My face whips up, fast enough to catch my doppelganger run off in the distance. I scramble to my feet and chase after him. We weave and dodge the carnage going on around us and he only seems to speed up, so I continue. I can feel my legs heavy from the stress of the war and fatigue is slowing me down.

This much I know, but I don't stop.

Another bang and I am thrown off my feet, along with my doppelganger and my vision blurs again. My balance is off and I feel a wetness coming from the side of my head. The sounds in the sky are muffled to me, like a buzzing I can't quite wash away.

I groan, my bones screaming at me to stay still and not move but I can't afford to listen to it. I feel myself turn, my palm resting on the broken ground. I try to stand but I find myself facing the sky instead. My fingers come up to my face to brush the side of my ear and I see it. Bringing the finger to my face, I make a quick assessment of my situation.

My balance is truly lost for the forseable moment.

A figure appears above me and grabs me by the armour, dragging me away from where I am laying on the floor. I try to fight them off but it seems that my body has decided to stop expending energy so that I might live to fight another time. So I grimace and go limp, awaiting the final end that the figure above me can give me. My eyes open and close repeatedly as I feel my body move through the ash and the mud and the smoke.

My vision darkens and I lose awareness for a short moment.

\---

My eyes flutter open as a loud bang rocks the earth underneath me. I'm on the floor yet again, my back against the wall. It appears I'm in the ruins of an old church, if I am to judge by the altar and the massive cross of our Lord Jesus. My mouth moves as it always has in all the time I have been forced to follow my parents to their tripe services, before I stop myself. I wonder where their god is now.

The sounds around me are still muffled and it is only now that I notice someone is shaking me.

My doppelganger.

I snarl and my hands close on his neck before I see the gun on my chest.

"Listen, mate. No hanky-panky or I'm killing you right now," he says and I notice his accent sounds scottish.

"Who are you?" I ask and he smiles tightly for a brief second.

"I'm just a grunt like you, mate. I should be asking you, who the fuck you are. But I'm not. I'm alive and you're alive and we look alike. That's a right problem there, mate."

I narrow my eyes at him.

"I don't know what is going on, but your face is the first I've seen since I started fighting. My Ma never had twins for babies. I woulda known. And it looks like you didn't have a twin neither."

"What do you want from me?" I ask, angrily.

"From you? Nothing. I just don't want to die by your hand. It's a bit grim, innit? It's a bit like killing yourself or letting yourself be killed by...well, yourself. No, mate. I want to know why we look alike," he answers and grins.

I hear the sounds of gunshots and bombs going on in the distance and I find myself wondering once again why the order was to never remove our helmets. I had found it strange the first time they said it, but I figured it was to keep the head safe. But now I have a doppelganger. It's a bit odd.

"It's a bit odd, innit?" I say to him.

"What is?"

"Command tells us for the first time in the conscription letter to never take our helmets off. That was a year ago since the war started."

"First time they ever asked?"

"Aye."

"It is a bit odd, I agree. Plus, this is the first time we've been using weapons that are a bit too deadly on the field."

"Aye," I agree, thinking about the rail gun my squad was escorting a few hours ago.

"I am going to put the gun now, don't you go attacking me, ya here? I don't want to kill myself."

"Alright. I don't think I can do anything in any case."

"Glad to know, we're on the same page. I'm Christian."

"Darren."

He nods at me and puts the gun away before checking me over. He places his finger to my ear and tuts, as he sees the blood on it. He purses his lips briefly before retrieving a small cloth which he uses to wipe the blood away before tilting me.

"We're gonna get the blood out, and then we find out what is really going on in this war."

I nod and his grin widens.

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


The hall of the gods wasn’t quite like it used to be. The former marble pavilion, lined with crystal and gold linings and twirling pillars now appeared dull against the off white cloud curtains that hung between each of the pillars holding the ceiling up. The floor was dusty and the room had a chill that seemed to grow slightly colder by the second.

The thunder god lounged on his repaired throne, grimacing as he looked around the other empty chairs in the room. Centuries ago, he and his brethren would fill the room, sitting on their grand chairs while the rest of the minor gods took positions on the seats surrounding the elder gods.

Even then, they rarely convened except to discipline or reward a  god, demi-god or human. He vaguely remembered a time when he had to reward his son after his wife had made the boy’s life a living hell. They had argued after that, with him acquiescing on account of being married to the goddess of marriage and family. Her power would have been affected otherwise, and he would be affected along with her.

Still, she was a constant headache to him, always limiting and controlling whenever he displayed his grace to humans and non-humans alike.

The grimace on his face turned into a wry smile as he thought about his conquests. Hera had been in the right to get angered by his *indiscretions* but he enjoyed them and her reactions for all it was worth. He let his hand absently caress a spot on his chest as he reminisced on old times.

Nonetheless, it was a long time ago. And now, it was just him in the hall.

Before the Pantheon war, the gods had agreed to pool their power into converting their existence into the realm of mythology to maintain a continued existence regardless of any occurrences to the humans who worshipped them. As long as they appeared in stories and varied accounts, they would retain enough ‘belief’ to sustain them eternally.

The plan had been to eventually return to reality, at a time when the humans had overgrown their petty mentalities and greed, so that they might dine and fellowship with the gods on equal ground. He knew the author of creation had such an idea in mind and he wanted to experience it.

As such, he and the other gods, from all the other pantheons, had sat down to carefully and meticulously lay out plans and keys to ensure that whoever found the trail was worthy of the glory. It was a clue to surpass generational gaps and award only the most arduous of supporters.

It had remained as such for years. Until a cult found the necessary keys and clues that allowed the gods to return to the world.

Just before the world was plunged into a new world war.

Zeus stood up from his throne and walked to the centre of the hall before stopping. A chuckle escaped him as he noticed he was dressed in a toga, reminiscent of a time when he was being worshipped by Greece. Greece was long gone now, replaced only by the sea and ancient relics.

He watched as his clothing changed. In an instant, he was now wearing pure white trousers and a white undershirt, along with a long and heavy wool cloak draped over his shoulders. His face was clean-shaven and his hair was cut short, to make him seem young once more.

Satisfied with his look, he took another step which transported him from the hall of the gods to the hall of remembrance, in the midst of what was left of the pantheon of gods.

*The ones that heeded my call, at the very least*, he thought to himself, noticing the absence of Thanatos, Da-jo-ji and a few other gods.

The hall of remembrance was bigger than that of the Grecian gods, built primarily to resemble a dome. It had the length and breadth of a coliseum, something Neptune had fought to implement, and a ceiling high enough to encompass a sprawling artwork of all the gods who had now ceased to exist.

In the hall, they all assumed their godly form, though they dulled their ‘*grace*’ as to not offend each other. Pillars rose from the ground to the ceiling, as little lamps began to appear above, illuminating the scene below.

Zeus shuddered slightly at the thought of the void. Thanatos, his god-brother, had explained to him about the void in the early days of the war.

*“Gods don’t die, Zeus. They fade. In death, there is hope for rebirth. Not from the void. The void swallows and never spits out. If we fade, we fade for good.”*

He tore his eyes away from the ceiling and looked around the hall. Familiar faces of gods he had traded blows with filled his vision. Some of which, he had almost caused them to fade. Others had dealt him heavy blows, especially Neptune, who had struck Greece off the map with a mighty wave.

It was a slight he still hadn’t forgotten.

Even now, Neptune regarded him with a small smile as he stood with his back against a pillar in the hall. Seaweed and moss, interlaced with sparkling sea-shells formed the circlet resting on his wispy blond hair, giving him the look of a young man in his prime. Zeus hated the look, in part of it being Neptune, but also of how much it reminded him of his brother, Poseidon.

He looked away from the roman god, turning around to catch the rest of his audience in the hall. Sila, Agni and Omoikane were whispering between themselves, pausing to nod at him in greeting and he did the same back. Dionysius was seated farther away with what looked like a bottle of water in hand and dark sunglasses to hide his eyes.

Still, Zeus knew the god was staring at him and he stared back blankly for a few seconds before looking away. Terminus and Set seemed to be sharing a joke, with the latter god’s laughter filling the hall. Fenris, the war wolf of the ancient Norwegians laid next to him, with its eyes closed, though he could see the god’s ears flinch every couple seconds.

Baldur sat quietly, twirling a gust of ice on the palm of his hand. He too, observed the room with indifference, as if waiting to leave as soon as their meet was done. Shiva sat at opposite ends to Baldur, resting against a wall. Amaguq stalked close to her and sat, with its eyes on Fenris.

Zeus spun again, waiting for the other gods to show up but none did. He frowned for a moment before opening his mouth to speak. A flash of molten fire appeared next to him and Hephaestus walked through holding a hammer, which promptly vanished.

The god sighed and conjured a small chair on which he sat his burly frame. He narrowed his eyes at Zeus and the thunder god sniffed before continuing.

“As some of you may be aware, every few years, Elemira throws a tournament to determine who will lead the land next. Whoever becomes king is naturally of no concern to us, as long as we follow the rules…”

He waved a hand and the space in front of him shimmered and crackled as sparks of light travelled began to appear. Zeus’s eyes flashed and the space shimmering before him changed, showing a foggy depiction of the tournament.

“...that we each choose whether or not we want to lend some of our powers to the princes for whatever they choose to offer, with no interference.”

The hall of remembrance was quiet as they watched the scene change from princes clashing to the sky parting. A few of the gods gasped as Zeus’ arm came into view, holding his lightning bolt.

Neptune stepped forward, anger showing starkly on his face. Hephaestus and Fenris rose to their feet and he could feel the atmosphere in the room turn against him.

“This tournament, however, forced my hand,” he said without facing them. Instead, he waved his hand again and the scene zoomed in on a prince.

“Look, brethren. Look at what he holds,” he said softly.

All the gods’ attention narrowed in on the small metal object that the prince pointed towards another. And then the familiar sound of the weapon going off.

The air shook as Fenris growled. All the gods were on their feet in an instant, crowding around Zeus to take a look at the prince. They watched as the prince waved the weapon around, about to take a shot at the first prince of the kingdom.

“Did you kill him?” Neptune asked, narrowing his eyes at him.

“That is why I called this gathering. I tried. Watch…”

The scene changed to him letting go of the bolt as it streaked towards the prince. It struck, bright light filling the illusion in front of them. Waving his hand once more as his eyes flashed, he filled the hall with the illusion, allowing the gods to see the prince more closely.

As the bright light faded, they watched in tense silence as the prince awoke in the middle of a blackened crater. The prince looked to the sky and they followed his gaze to Zeus’ arm raring for another strike. Black wisps formed around the prince’s left arm and Zeus froze the illusion there.

“Is that Thanatos’ magic I see?” Fenris growled.

“Not all black wisps belong to him but… the nature and texture of the magic around the arm… It smells of him. Of Death,” Shiva drawled, as she examined the arm closer.

“Indeed. I thought as much. Except, my brother power has never affected me in this manner,” Zeus said, pulling his undershirt down to reveal a small dark scar.

A series of gasps went around and Shiva moved closer, almost reaching for it when a small flower sprouted from the thunder god’s shoulder. The flower extended until it blossomed into a lotus. A light green aura enveloped the god and he smiled ruefully.

“You take chances, thunder god. Too much chance. You should rest,” a voice called from behind and they all turned to see He Xiangu glide towards them.

She smiled softly, regarding each of her companions before resting her eyes on Zeus. Then the smile turned into a slight frown.

“It is… curious. The scar. It is consuming my lotus,” she said. She moved closer observing as the lotus flower on his shoulder began to wither slowly.

“And once again, your pantheon interrupts the order of things. Once again, Zeus!” Neptune snarled.

The hall of remembrance shook as a dark blue aura covered him. Zeus only grimaced and waved him away.

“I’ve called for Thanatos to answer us for this slight but he refuses my calls. I sent Hermes to him but he says that the underworld is locked to him and anyone who wishes to go in,” he said.

“The underworld can’t be locked or the dead will walk the streets,” Fenris said, shaking his head, “...and I haven’t smelled any dead that is alive.”

“The dead are staying dead. Apart from this prince, the order of life and death is still being maintained.”

“So why this prince? What about him is special enough for Thanatos to revive him? He has never chosen a prince before in the tournaments. Why now?”

“That is what we need answers to…” He Xiangu replied as she inspected the withering flower on Zeus’ shoulder.

“I feel you are missing the more important issue. The prince has a gun. A weapon of the old days. A weapon that we buried deep, securing all the locks and ensuring that no mortal will ever have access to it. It is in the hands of that mortal who is now king,” Zeus said, pushing the goddess away from him.

She tutted as he moved to regard the prince. That sent the hall back into silence. Zeus thought about the weapon and the implications of it. If the prince had been able to procure such a weapon, it meant that somehow, the man had stumbled on a trove of the old world which shouldn’t have been possible.

Even then, he couldn’t figure out how his brother had single-handedly broken the seal on what the pantheon had jointly locked together. The least he could guess was that his brother had stumbled on some hidden power. That or he as allied with some of the other minor gods to rebel against  the current standing.

*Once again, little brother. You want to knock me off my throne once more. Once again, you will fail and I will make you regret it somehow.*

“We need a seer,” Amaruq said, his voice barely a whisper but the god’s voice penetrated through his thoughts.

Zeus looked at the wolf who looked at him temporarily before walking away from the meet and fading away from their presence.

“We don’t have a seer. The last known seer we had was Hecate after Delphi’s demise. And even she has faded into the void,” Baldur said, blithely.

“She’s alive,” Hephaestus said, speaking for the first time. He scratched his beard thoughtfully.

Zeus frowned. He believed that the goddess of magic had perished.

“I saw her fade…” he began to say but Hephaestus raised a hand to stop him.

“She’s the goddess of magic, Zeus… Well, she was… But still, I expected you to know,” the god said.

“Where is she?” Zeus said, his anger rising at being fooled.

The god raised a hand again, shaking his head.

“You can’t intimidate me here. If you didn’t know, then she didn’t want you to know. It is as simple as that. I can summon her but that’s the best I can do. You will have to give me your word that no harm will come to her and you won’t ask her where she stays,” Hephaestus said.

The gathering of gods turned to face him and he grimaced before answering.

“I swear it,” he spat.

“Great. Show yourself, Hecate. You too, Osun,” Hephaestus said.

The pantheon watched as two women walked out from behind the chair Hephaestus had been sitting on. In their full form, the women looked no more than babies waddling into the gathering of adults.

\---

Osun walked far behind Hecate who seemed to march confidently into the gathering of gods. She wasn’t sure about the plan but had only followed through because the woman had begged for her assistance. In what? Her friend didn’t say. Still, as a result, she was now surrounded by beings that could snuff her powerless self out.

And it wasn’t a comfortable thought to have. Once, she would have been part of the pantheon, looking down on any human that came into her presence. And now, she was that human.

“Speak, Hecate,” Zeus boomed once they were in the centre.

“I can’t just speak, Zeus. I have to actually ‘see’ first before I say anything. I might not be one of you, but that doesn’t mean you get to treat me like a peasant,” Hecate answered back and Osun blanched.

*What in kyteka’s blazing sun are you doing?* She thought, looking at the gods’ faces.

He Xiangu used a hand to cover the smile forming on her face. Osun saw the corner of Neptune’s lips twitch but the god refused to laugh. Instead, he kept a soft smile on his face. Fenris had returned to his rest while the rest of the god just stared blankly at the two of them.

“Get it over with, Hecate. Now, please,” Osun said under her breath.

“Right, right… One moment,” her friend replied.

Hecate dug into her pouch and removed five lime-green candles which she placed at chosen positions on the floor. She walked about a few times as if to measure the distances between them. Once she was satisfied, she walked to the centre and closed her eyes.

Osun fingered her knife without noticing, willing for her friend to get through the sequence in haste.

After a few seconds, a green glow surrounded her friend and the candles lit up. Straight lines formed, connecting the candles until there was a five studded star shining on the floor. Slowly, her friend began to levitate until her eyes shone a bright green.

“...*Xioden of Nafri...*

*...Born of Murena and Roedran...*

*...Touched by Death...*

*...He will cause death...*

*...He will be death...*

*...And the gods shall not see the last of him...*

*...For he will be their end…”*

Osun frowned. That had been a prophecy. If she remembered correctly, there hadn’t been a prophecy in centuries, far before the divine war. She closed her eyes and considered the situation properly. There hadn’t been a prophecy since before they locked themselves away into mythology.

And yet, her friend had just recited one. It spelled problems. A lot of problems that she didn’t think anyone was ready for.

*No… It can’t be a prophecy. It failed to rhyme like it does when Delphi did it. Can’t be a prophecy. It was just… What was it?*

“Was that a prophecy?” Zeus asked quietly.

Osun looked up to see concern flash across the god’s features. There was a restlessness in the air. A prophecy tended to do that on a normal day. But one that involved the gods were taken in full seriousness. Especially the bit about the gods’ end.

Hecate’s eyes stopped flashing green and she fell to the floor. The lights on the candles went out, along with the star on the ground. Her friend was panting and shaking uncontrollably, and she rushed to embrace her into a hug.

“It sounded like it was. An unconventional one, I have to say,” Shiva said, as she looked down on the both of them.

“That’s a bad prophecy,” Neptune said, his trident forming in his hand, “We should end this farce and kill the king.”

“I second that,” Baldur said, as his eyes began to glow.

One after the other, the gods agreed to the plan. One by one, their eyes began to glow as they began to transport themselves to Elemira.

“No!” Hecate shouted.

The gods paused in their step and looked down at them both.

“No… You can’t interfere. It is worse. It is worse. If you attack him, it will be worse. You have to leave him. Leave him. You can’t touch him. He’s being protected. You can’t… Leave him. If you touch him, you will enter the void faster. You can’t…” Hecate repeated as she shook in Osun’s embrace.

“First a prophecy and now, we can’t intervene?” Baldur countered, marching towards them and peering down at her friend.

“Greater powers at work. Yes. Yes. You are limited. Greater powers. Can’t touch him. Leave him. Leave him. Greater works. Death walks,” Hecate mumbled as she rocked back and forth with her eyes closed.

Osun frowned at her friend. The last thing she said was suspicious. But she turned her attention back to the gods.

“This is our first prophecy in millennia. You should all listen. Save yourself. Remain…” she began to say but their eyes glowed and the hall shook with their power.

“Make it a hero’s quest!” she screamed, as the light in the hall became blinding.

“A hero’s quest?” a voice said and she looked up to see He Xiangu looking at her, shielding her from the blinding light, “I like that!”

The rumbling in the hall steadily decreased as a large lotus plant bloomed close to the two of them. Warmth enveloped Osun and her friend seemed to relax from the feeling, slipping into a deep sleep. Slowly, the gods turned to face her, Hecate and the goddess.

“A hero’s quest. We would have to choose the right person, as well as our voice of reason to advise them on what to do,” Zeus said, running a hand through his hair.

“Still, it might be worth testing that out before striking at this… this, Xioden, directly,” Agni said with a sigh.

One by one, the gods agreed and Osun let out a visible sigh before looking at her friend. Hecate’s chest rose and fell so softly, if not for the goddess’ lotus, she would have been panicking. Still, the last words of Hecate repeated itself in her mind.

*Death walks.*

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden allowed himself to breathe a sigh of relief as soon as the last citizen exited his throne room for the day. He could hear the same action from the aides at his side with Lady Kana gently resting on the throne for a few seconds before composing herself. Sneaking a quick glance at her, he could see a small smile forming on her lips and it made him glad. He couldn’t help but take it as a small validation for what he had started.

Bringing the brass wine cup to his mouth, he sighed once more as he was greeted with an empty cup. He waved it towards a servant holding the wine flask that had been procured during the course of his audience. The servant quietly filled the cup and he whispered a word of thanks before gulping it down.

He felt parched, having spent the better hours of the day listening and responding to requests and pleas for help. He was happy. The idea had been long in the works, before he had even won the death tournament. Having lived under Roedran’s rule in the lower districts, he had promised himself to be better if he ever got the throne.

And while it had taken him a few weeks to get the hang of it, most of which were spent studying to understand the state in which the former king had left the land for him, he was pleased to finally put some action next to the ideas he carried. And this was just going to be the first step.

He wanted the throne to be accessible. For people to be able to look towards the castle and see something other than a symbol of unchecked power and oppression. Now that he held the throne, he wanted them to see a king that cared. A king that understood.

“That took forever…” Kattus muttered rubbing the back of his neck.

“It would probably have gone faster if you had arrived much earlier,” Lady Kana said with a side glance at him.

“Ah, right. My fault,” Kattus replied with a small smile.

“In any case,” Xioden chimed in, rising to his feet, “I am famished. And I think I’d like to find something to eat. Would you two like to join me?”

“Sure,” Kattus replied hastily before adding, “I mean, yes… my lord.”

He shot a quick glance at Lady Kana who stared at the guard with an emotionless face and Xioden did his best to suppress the smile forming on his lips.

“I’d love to, your majesty, but I have reports to attend to as well as work that needs doing in place of Lord Timon until he returns,” Lady Kana said, bowing her head slightly.

“I’m sure we’d like your company, Lady Kana. I would like you to join us,” Xioden insisted, looking at her intently.

Lady Kana looked up at him, returning his stare for a few seconds before giving him a curt nod.

“As you wish, my lord,” she said in a quiet voice.

Xioden flashed a quick smile at her before heading down the stairs. Kattus and Lady Kana fell in behind him as well as his guards, some of whom ran ahead to walk in front of him. Xioden slowed his pace so as to allow them to do their job, suddenly aware of the stare he was getting from Kattus.

*“Half your guards first. Then you. Then the remainder. You are to be in the middle,”* the guard had stressed to him.

*I’m trying, Kattus… I promise you, I’m trying…*

Servants and castle guards curtsied and bowed their heads as they walked past, murmuring greetings and salutations to him and he greeted back in return. They would smile at his words, as if surprised that he replied and it made him want to do it more.

Apart from the single meeting he had with Roedran, all he had gotten to know about the man had come from external sources. And based on what he had heard, there was nothing redeeming about his father or his rule. He hoped to break that cycle. Or at least, change it enough that by the time his successor took the throne, there would be real positive change.

*Successor, huh?*

Xioden’s face soured at that. He had ascended the throne through the barbaric tournament which was an Elemiran custom. A custom that was enacted upon death, barring the variation his father had done. And whilst he was not a stranger to obeying custom, he couldn’t fathom fathering numerous children just because of the tournament.

More importantly, he could picture having children only to see them fight to the death in an arena, in front of hundreds and thousands. If anything, he only felt more ill at the mental image of it.

It was part of the reason most of the kings before him were promiscuous, often marrying many wives and having mistresses on the side for better prospects. At least, that seemed to be the only reason. Having been raised in a land where most men took a single wife, he couldn’t see himself having more than one queen either.

As they walked past one of the courtyards in the palace, Xioden stopped to gaze at the garden and sighed. Noon-day sun shone through the open ceiling, illuminating the courtyard in an artful way. He was hungry, true, but after spending the majority of his time in the throne room, he felt a longing for the sun.

“Help me arrange a table with three chairs in this courtyard. Then, tell the cooks that I’d like to be served lunch here,” he said, calling to a passing servant.

The servant, a young man with long blond hair and a hawkish nose, bowed before passing the message along to the other servants that were walking along the corridor. Soon enough, a large table was erected at the centre of the courtyard, underneath the midday sun. Wine cups were brought out and placed on the table before the servants scurried off to the kitchen.

Xioden took a seat, motioning for Kattus and Lady Kana to do the same. As they did, a servant returned with a jar of cold fruit punch and he nodded for the servant to fill their cups. He took a sip and smiled at the cherry flavoured drink that filled his senses. Somehow, in the moment, he felt at peace. If only brief.

After a few moments of silence, he emptied his cup and set it down on the table before speaking.

“Have you gotten any reports in regards to recruitment?” he asked, directing the question at Kattus.

“Nothing from today. I came from the library straight to you. But yesterday’s reports say that it’s going well. A dozen men or so are signing up from the lower districts, as well as neighbouring towns, to join the soldiers. Lord Thomas is putting most of the new joiners in the first platoon headed to Iresha,” Kattus said with a slight frown.

“Why is he sending new soldiers to the front line?” Lady Kana asked. She looked just as confused as he did.

Kattus looked up at the head of House Claren and shrugged.

“His explanation was to buy time to warm up the main army a bit more. That and also to get the new soldiers speedy exposure to war,” Kattus said.

“Speedy exposure is fruitless if they all die on the first day,” Xioden said with a grimace.

“Well, I expressed the same,” Kattus replied, scratching his chin, “But he argued that with how low the funds are, this would work best for us.”

“Ten thousand gold coins were given to Lord Thomas for recruitment,” Lady Kana said, narrowing her eyes.

“Aye. And he’s paying the new soldiers a gold coin for every day they survive on the field. The veterans get a similar deal, but ten gold coins instead. I’m not sure how his calculations work but based on that, it would seem wasteful to send them all at the same time,” Kattus said.

“In other words, the new soldiers are only to stall time and save money?” Xioden said quietly as his eyes perked up.

Servants were bringing food to the table and he could already pick up the smell of roasted pork and freshly baked bread. His eyes found trays carrying fruits and nuts, cheese, a leg of lamb and a few pastries. Smiling as his stomach rumbled, he rubbed his hands in expectation of the meal being set before him.

“Tactically,” he began, biting into a piece of bread, “I can understand what he means. And based on my upbringing, it’s a quick way to remove any naivety from the soldiers. As king though… I’m not sure.”

Kattus simply nodded, his mouth already full as he filled his cup with some more fruit punch from the jar. Lady Kana picked up some grapes and carefully ate them.

“I still think it’s barbaric,” she said after some time.

“It is,” Kattus agreed.

“But it might be necessary until we get more money,” Xioden said before asking, “Have you gotten anything from Lord Timon yet?”

“Nothing definite. His last letter to me was to tell me that he had contacted the Illimereans and that they were negotiating a favourable deal for us. I asked him to update me yesterday but I haven’t heard anything from him yet,” she replied.

Xioden just nodded as he cut into the roasted pork. He needed the deal to go through if he was to fix what Roedran had broken. He wasn’t even sure if there was a way yet, but he was certain it began with some riches back into the land. He just needed his pieces to move on the game board.

“Anything on the work, Kattus?” he asked suddenly.

“The work?” Kattus repeated, raising an eyebrow.

“We’re eating, Kattus. Do you really want me to spell it out for you?” Xioden said.

Kattus paused and frowned at him for a few seconds before suddenly exclaiming.

“Oh! That. There is news,” Kattus said grimly.

“Go on.”

“Well, Mara, the healer girl you assigned to help, and I did some light reading. And by light, I mean we utilised the library as intended. Most of everything I read felt like nonsense to me, but she understood it,” Kattus said, his features suddenly darkening.

Xioden frowned but waited for his friend to continue.

“She said that from what she was reading and from the samples she took from the body, that it appears the body was preserved with extremely detailed potion work. She mentioned some of the names in the books but she stressed that whoever did it was extraordinarily skilled to the point of concern,” Kattus said.

“Do we know anyone like that? Anyone with that kind of… tenacity?” Lady Kana asked.

“I don’t think we’d know. If they are that detailed in their work, then potentially, they would know how to keep themselves safe,” Xioden replied absentmindedly.

He was more interested in the ‘why’ of the skill, as opposed to the how.

“Why would someone want to preserve a dead body?” Xioden asked.

Kattus gave him a brief smile that didn’t quick touch his eyes. Instead, he emptied the cup of wine he had before moving on to finish the wine jar closest to him.

“That’s the disturbing part. Mara’s saying that the man wasn’t dead when the process began,” Kattus said, pushing his plate away.

Lady Kana’s face blanched as she considered what the guard was saying.

“So, whoever killed him operated on him while he was still alive?” Lady Kana asked.

“It would appear so,” Xioden answered.

Twirling the cup in his hand, he sighed heavily. Many things were happening at once and he couldn’t help but feel a slight headache. If it wasn’t sorting out and fixing the holes that Roedran left, it was a war on the horizon. And now, the supposed alchemist and murderer within the city.

Even with the new information, he wasn’t sure of what to do with it. As far as he was concerned, all they had was a ‘what’. He wanted a ‘why’ and ‘how’

*Perhaps, it would tell a different story than what we’re getting.*

“So what do we do? Do you think our phantom killer retains the bodies of the other Ireshan Lords?” Lady Kana asked.

“It’s not particularly *impossible* but somehow, I don’t feel like they do. So many things feel out of place,” Xioden said.

Kattus nodded wordlessly, shoving a piece of pork into his mouth. Xioden chuckled as the guard smiled at him with a full mouth. Glancing at Lady Kana, who shook her head at Kattus, his chuckle turned into a quiet laughter.

Cutting into the lamb, he put a piece on his plate as his mind wandered over all the things he planned to do on the throne. The things that had hardened his resolve.

“Kana. I would like to clean up the lower districts. There’s far too much that is hidden in the depths,” Xioden said.

“We still have the money problem, my lord,” Lady Kana replied.

“I’m banking on Timon’s success. The upper districts are living comfortably enough. The lower districts have been left to rot. That presents a future problem,” Xioden said.

“Agreed, my lord. But…” she said.

“I understand but I’ve seen the records of the old world. Records about instances where the wealth disparity leads to a revolution. Unless we choose to burn off the lower districts like a diseased limb, not saying that it is an option, it is the future that we have to avoid,” Xioden explained.

“I don’t believe I’ve seen those records,” she said.

“They were forbidden. Part of Roedran’s secret selection. I’ve been steadily going through what I feel might be relevant. Lord Harlin has been the only other person with access. He’s informed me that my grandfather had the same restrictions that Roedran had put,” Xioden said with a sigh.

She rubbed her chin and stared into the wall behind Kattus who ate away without a care. She took on a concentrated look that Xioden had to pause and watch for what she was going to say next.

“Would it be possible to take a look at some of these records?” she asked.

“Sure. I’ll have Lord Harlin send them over to you at once. I plan to give more out to the other members of the council. I believe it is something worth learning from,” he said with a small smile.

He wasn’t being truthful, something Kattus seemed to notice as the guard paused for the slightest moment, shooting a glance at him. There was a different reason for it. A reason born from the days before being forced to kill his half-brothers.

“All in all, I need Lord Timon to return as speedily as he can with some good news,” Xioden said before motioning to a servant to bring more fruit punch.

\---

The marshall of Ireshan’s first army was in a bad mood from the moment he awoke to loud cries and bombardments that seemed to shake the ground. The mood only soured when he found out the reasons as to why the ground was shaking. Apparently, their opponents had resulted to throwing flaming oil barrels towards their camps.

As it stood, he had lost several soldiers to the attack already. An attack that was unexpected. Scratching his beard, he grumbled as he gazed at the map before him again. In war, there was usually some downtime between engagements. A downtime for both parties to take stock of who they had left and how to change the battle at the next day’s dawn.

Unfortunately, his opponents had shown him how stupid the idea was. They fought day and night and only quick thinking had stopped him from taking heavy losses on the first night. Now, he had split up his army of three thousand men into two factions, the Day Squad and the Night Squad.

The Day Squad’s objective was to break through the defenses that the Nafri had set by the swamplands. Their defences were sturdy, having repelled the assault of attacks he had planned. He truly could see why they were a feared race to fight but he vowed to breakthrough their defenses somehow.

The Night Squad’s work was a battle of attrition. Their job was to hold their position while simultaneously sending a squad or two to flank around the Nafri camp, whittling down their numbers and then retreating before dawn. It hadn’t yielded any big success yet, but they had reduced numbers.

More than anything, he wanted to be back home in Lucen, a small town a few miles north of the capital of Iresha, Paran. The town was notorious for their quality of liquor and on a normal day, he’d be sitting by the fireplace, a glass of strong liquor in hand.

On some days, he’d be by the local pond with some fishing tools, enjoying the scenery. The simple life was all that he cared about. His war past was a past he strove to forget and yet, as soon as the Assembly had called on his help in leading the first army, he had simply accepted and made the journey down to Paran within hours of getting the request letter.

And now, Markus Dissidia was nursing a dishevelled beard and a bad headache.

“Antony!” he barked and a soldier came running to his side.

“Any update from Brennen?” he asked.

“Not yet, sir. Last he said, he was complaining about the same problem. Their skin is still hard to pierce or slash. For every kill we get, they get three,” Antony replied, reading over the note he had in his hand.

Markus thought about that problem for a bit more. He had already considered a few possible solutions but he wasn’t sure how quickly his men would take to it. A sword was a standard weapon, flexible enough to excel at long and short range. Better yet, with little technique, a new soldier can skewer a veteran and run away, leaving the veteran to bleed out.

With the Nafri’s innate ability of toughened skin, a sword proved almost unusable. The simple solution was to switch out the swords to blunt weapons. Except, blunt weapons required power more than anything else, the kind of power that is not just easily found with new recruits.

Still, it was an option that seemed like the easiest to implement. The other plans rotated around hurting their oppositions from a distance. Setting the Nafri on fire would have been just as effective as blunt weapons and require less lives on the line. But, if the Nafri reciprocated, then both armies would devolve to slinging literal death at each other.

*Blunt weapon it is then. Blasted Nafri. Blasted war.*

“Tell Brennen that he should implement what we discussed yesterday. He’ll understand. It’s about time we broke this deadlock and pushed into Nafri proper,” he said with a grimace.

“Yes sir,” Antony replied before running out of the tent.

Markus released a sigh and wondered when reinforcements would arrive. The three thousand men he brought had steadily reduced to less than two thousand and spattering of soldiers. And until they could make some headway, they were bound to lose more.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|The elevator doors open up to show me the empty space I was hoping to get. Work's finished and I can't wait to get home. It's been a particularly long day and I can't wait to cuddle up to my Jackie and a bottle of wine. Assuming she wants to hang with her old man and all. My finger hover over the ground button when a colleague of mine runs into the elevator. I can see him panting and I flash a quick smile at him. Martin stares at me with a brow raised before hitting my hand away and pressing on the '*G*' button.

I frown at him and he shrugs and mouths an apology. Some part of me readies to lash out at him but I hold it in and release a breath. It is not worth arguing about. I'll give him a piece of my mind tomorrow when I'm feeling up to it. The elevator begins its descent down slowly and I stare ahead at the blank wall.

Martin jabs another finger at the button, a bit more forcefully. His mouth moves in what I can only take to be a silent curse for the elevator to move faster. He glances at me briefly before returning his eyes to the LED Display. I worked on the top most floor, which so happens to be 7th floor. We reached the 5th when the elevator stopped and dinged open.

I watch as Martin shakes himself and move to join me at the back of the elevator in one smooth motion. His eyes never leave the door and I notice an emotion on his face I wasn't expecting. Fear. Confusion fills me but before I can do anything, the doors open to a worrying scene.

In the long corridor leading to the elevator, there was a mass of bodies on the floor. Unmoving. Martin next to me jumps and retreats to the corner of the elevator, his hands clasped over his ears desperately. At the end of the corridor, Sally was on her knees crying hysterically. The door begins to close when her head jerks up towards us. She scrambles up to her feet and tries to run towards us without stepping on the bodies.

Martin moves first, his finger slamming on the '*close*' button again. She shouts for us to wait but Martin continues to press it over and over. I try to push him away and a punch connects with my face. Colors dance in my vision, bright and blinding before clearing out to re-focus on the elevator ground. Sally is just at the door when it closes, her mouth shaped to shout out something vile to Martin.

The temporary relief on Martin's face as the door closes wipes away and I see him stare at the door in horror and then at me. Still groggy from the unexpected punch, I crawl away from my colleague towards a corner of the elevator. I turn to face him, ready to give him the piece of my mind I was saving for tomorrow. Just as I'm about to begin, he starts to convulse before falling to the floor.

I shirk away from him immediately. His eyes connect with mine and I see a desperate plea in them. His sad eyes never leave mine as his body thrashes all over the floor. And then, as soon as it had begun, it stops.

A scream leaves me, or I think it does, as I try to push myself away from me as much as I can.

The elevator stops and I glance to see the 'G' LED on the elevator screen. I push myself towards the door as it opened.

And then I stop as horror washes over me.

Just like on the fifth floor, I see the bodies of my work colleagues all on the floor. Froth at their mouths and their eyes glazed over.  I start running towards the exit. My phone vibrates and I remove it as I leave the building.

The scene outside is worse. Everyone is running about. There's a palpable tension in the air like nothing I have ever felt before. I watch as cars swerve wildly, crashing into telephone poles. I see a school bus speed past, narrowly missing me, and colliding into a stationary car. The exit doors of the school bus opens long enough for a kid to climb out before falling to the floor and convulsing.

My phone vibrates again and I tear my eyes away from the scene before me. 2 message notifications from Jackie.

***Jackie:*** *Please come and get me. Please...*

***Jackie:*** *I loveendgnngn*

My eyes take in the first message, pausing at the second. It takes a moment for the right kind of fear to hit me before I start running towards the direction of Jackie's office. Something horrid is happening around me and I'm uncertain as to what it might be. And honestly, I don't care. I know I should, but my mind is dominated by only one priority at the moment.

Another car crashes into a wall next to me while a van drives itself into a ravine. Explosions rock the surrounding area as cars go up in flames. I see fire trucks speed past, trying to navigate around the drivers and the running populace. But I don't stop to dawdle or look. I can't stop.

Not until I ensure my daughter is safe.

\---Master is always sad now.

No more excitement.

I smell him coming down the stairs and I jump to my four legs. He always uses two legs. Like the others outside home. It makes me smile when he walks. His hand brushes my fur softly and and I show him I am excited. He barks to me in his language and I don't know what he is saying.

But he says I'm a good boy.

I like being a good boy.

So I stand on two legs too, like Master and let him know I am happy.

But he is not happy.

There is no fire in his eyes.

I lick his face to clean the water on his face.

Master is leaking and making the sound I did when one of my legs stopped being strong.

I follow Master as he goes to the warm chair.

I sit on his legs and he runs his hands through my fur.

The light screen is not on so I wait for him to put it on.

But he doesn't put it on.

I see him put something to the side of his face.

I hear him bark to another. He says her name and I shake in excitement.

Maybe she is coming over.

Maybe she can make Master happy again.

He barks loudly. And then softly.

I hear the 'something-on-his-face' make a beep.

Another bark comes out of it.

Not a normal bark. It sounds fake.

He presses a button and the fake bark stops.

I see Master leak water from his eyes again.

But he says I'm a good boy.

I like being a good boy.

So I stand on two legs too, like Master and let him know I am happy. I lick his face to clean the water on his face but there is still no fire in his eyes. Maybe he wants her to tell him he's a good boy. I think he's a good boy too. Maybe I can tell him he's a good boy.

I stay on my two legs as more water leaks from his eyes.

I put a paw on his head and try to do what he does to me.

I lick his face and put my paw on his head.

I lick his face and put my paw on his head again.

He rubs my back and barks. But it is a funny bark. A happy bark. I think he is happy now because he buries his face into my body and rubs my fur again. I shake in his hug as I put my paw on his head again.

He says I'm a good boy too.

I like being a good boy.

He removes a small medicine from his pocket and puts it in his mouth. He smiles at me. I see some fire in his eyes and he says I'm a good boy.

I like being a good boy.

I relax on his lap and close my eyes.

I think Master will be happy now.

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Osun tried her best to not think. It was all she could barely manage to do, sitting on the deck of the Matron’s Voyage. She had prayed and wished that the gods would have at least provided a better transport system than what they had to use. Instead, they were stuck on a merchant vessel with unwashed bodies moving about.

Wrinkling her nose, she sniffed, narrowing her eyes at her friend who only shot her a smile in return. Unlike her, Hecate seemed at ease with the travel, sitting comfortably next to her with some sewing needles and a piece of cloth in hand.

The boat swayed and bobbed on the open sea in the night air and if not for how anxious open sea made her feel, she would have been enthralled by the beauty of it all. The full moon’s reflection bouncing off the calm dark surface of the ocean. The soft breeze that caressed her skin as it danced across the sky. In a different life, this would be ideal. But, it wasn’t.

When she was still in the height of her power as a goddess, walking through Poseidon's domain or Neptune’s, depending whose turn it was to command the sea, had never made her feel like her life was left to their whims. She used to have command over freshwater and the rivers that weaved through her continent of birth.

*Used to. A stupid decision that was. Better than the alternative, better yet if the stupid war never happened.*

The Divine War had been stupid and there was nothing anyone could say that would change her mind otherwise. It had been centuries since humanity had worshipped the gods as they used. Centuries since they had the same reverence. Instead, they had all agreed to change the way they received their tithe.

And it had served them well. Well, well enough. Most of the minor gods had been put at risk, with some of them fading into the void. The thought of the void made her shiver and she hugged herself to stop the shake.

The void had been the deciding factor in changing their tithing system. They moved from demanding direct worship from their subjects and instead, took the little they could from their fictional depiction in humanity’s entertainment.

It was a trickle compared to what they used to receive but it kept the void at bay. And that's all they wanted. To keep it at bay. To avoid fading into the unknown end with no return. Even the new gods that had been created from humanity’s worship, Media and Internet, had faded into the void just as quick as they were born.

Still, she was content with her decision to become human. To live among them and grow alongside them. She could understand why the Creator was fond of them. They had a certain tenacity formed from years of oppression and disaster and it allowed them to thrive in the most damaging circumstances. Especially the descendants of her people. They had grit and it made her proud.

“How long is our journey?” she asked Hecate quietly as her friend worked.

“Hard to say. The captain says if we catch a good wind, we could make headway and cut the journey by a few days,” Hecate replied without looking up from her work.

“In other words…”

“We still have a week and a half to go, friend. Depending...” Hecate waved a needle around in the air, “...on the wind.”

Osun narrowed her eyes at Hecate before pinching her in the ribs. Hecate yowled and shot her a dirty look which got met with a satisfactory look.

“You…” Hecate began.

“No. No bad language from you. You should keep sewing if you wish to finish whatever it is you’re making,” Osun said, cutting her off.

Hecate’s eyes narrowed at her and she gave her friend a wide smile. The former goddess of magic looked away and muttered under her breath. Osun could catch a few insults but gave no attention to it. She had succeeded in riling up her friend, even if for a short while. It was all she could do for fun, save for playing around with men.

She frowned at that. None of the men on the vessel incited her interest the slightest and she found herself wishing for Anubis once more. Not that he was the best, but there was a familiarity to it that she enjoyed. And she couldn’t call him to the vessel. They were trying to travel as inconspicuous as they could.

Standing to her feet, Osun looked at the moon and waited. For some reason she wasn’t certain about, she could always tell the direction her home was just by listening and feeling the wind on her skin. Hecate had told her it could have been due to her being in the same place for millennia after millennia. She could see the wisdom in it.

Even now, as she closed her eyes on the deck of the Matron’s Voyage, she could feel the wind pointing her northwards. She wondered how her people fared in the villages, away from the king’s foolishness. She hoped they were well. Just before they left, they had heard rumours at the docks about a war brewing between Iresha and Nafri.

She couldn’t see why both nations would fight unless the Nafri King instigated a war which she found unlikely. The king was a fool with big dreams but he wasn’t so foolish to start a war. Not with Iresha. And not in the manner the rumours had said. Sadness filled her and she began to wish she was sailing back.

If the rumours were true, then perhaps she could talk some sense into him to help him see reason. To help him…

Hecate gasped and Osun turned to see her friend’s eyes shut tightly. Quickly and smoothly, Osun moved to cover her, procuring a blanket from their bags to cover her. She couldn’t quite say what was happening so she grabbed Hecate’s arm and gently rubbed it to calm her down.

After a few moments which felt like hours, Hecate finally opened her eyes and drew in a deep breath. Sweat formed on the woman’s forehead and she looked more haggard than usual.

“It’s alright. You’re alright. I’m here,” Osun said softly to her, not letting go of her arm.

Hecate nodded but Osun kept repeating the phrase softly to her friend over and over again. Ever since the first prophecy in ages, her friend hadn’t quite remained herself. It was like she had somehow been reconnected back to a remnant of Delphi’s spirit. Hecate had been freezing up at random moments throughout their journey.

*I wonder what it’s about this time. There’s only so much ‘darkness in the air’ and ‘death is trying to walk among us’ that I can take without ripping someone’s hair out.*

“War,” Hecate whispered.

“Sorry?”

“War, Osun. The spark for the greatest war that we know has been lit. It’s going to swallow us all. It’s going to…” Hecate said, teetering off at the end.

*If it’s a war, then… Oh my…*

“The war between Nafri and Iresha must be real then. If we can stop them, then perhaps we can…” Osun said, getting to her feet.

“No,” Hecate replied, grabbing her by the arm, “No. There are machinations at work. Our interference would only make things worse.”

“Worse than a war that engulfs the whole world?” Osun asked.

“Yes. There’s a small light I can see. A small silver thread of hope. It’s always been there in the current visions I’ve been seeing. I know it’s important. I’m just not sure how. But I know it’s the only way,” Hecate answered before wiping the sweat away.

“Where does the thread lead?”

“The same direction as our goal. Whatever holds our victory is there. Stopping to help Nafri now would only serve to doom the nation and Iresha combined. Someone is pulling the strings and we’re all dancing to it.”

“Would that ‘*someone*’ be the new king of Elemira?”

“It is possible. He’s the precursor to all that is happening and of all that is going to happen.”

Osun fingered the belt knife on her waist and frowned. The fact that Nafri-born prince could be the start of something insidious irked her. The king was supposed to be of the land and yet, wars were starting and the pantheon was on a warpath because of him. Somehow, the man had acquired some dangerous power, strong enough to rebound a hit from ‘Mighty’ Zeus himself.

“You’re doing that thing again…” she heard Hecate’s voice and turned to face her, with a questioning look.

Hecate simply glanced down and back to meet her eyes with a wry smile. More confused than before, Osun followed her gaze and saw that she had unsheathed her the knife at her belt and the other hidden beneath her skirt. She had been twirling them around before her friend had called her attention to it.

“Ah… right,” Osun muttered and sheathed her weapons.

Doing her best to not think or touch them, she returned to sit next to her friend who had slowly resumed sewing. She wished she had least had a book to read or something. It would have been better than sitting in silence and trying not to dwell on what might be happening back home.

“Would you like to learn how to sew?” Hecate asked without looking up.

Osun frowned.

“Why would I want to learn that?” Osun countered.

“So that you can survive the boredom that seems to be getting to you,” her friend replied with a smile.

“Pssh. I’m not bored. Just… restless,” Osun replied coolly, doing her best to appear calm.

“Alright. I guess I’m going to retire for the night…” Hecate said with a not-so-subtle sigh.

“But…” Osun cut her off, “...I suppose I could do some learning to help you pass the time before bed. I know you’re not sleepy. No point in pretending.”

“How kind,” Hecate laughed and edged closer to her. Osun smiled in response and did the same. Soon enough, their discussions were based around threads, needles and the method in which clothes can be woven.

\---

Kattus stretched and covered his mouth to stifle a yawn about to escape from him. He was tired and exhausted and wished he could retire for the rest of the day. But, he couldn’t. Somehow, the case of the dead Ireshan gentleman had to be solved one way or another. Mara, the healer that the king had paired him up with, slept peacefully with her head resting on the table.

Sun peeked through the windows of the royal library and Kattus wondered how long he had been away from his main job. He hated sleeping late but with all that had been occurring in the castle, he hated being away from Xioden more.

Something was happening in the castle and the land, and he couldn’t place his finger on what it was. Between the king and council, it was clear that Roedran had crippled Elemira in more ways than one. The difficulty was in figuring out the ways.

Getting to his feet, he cast a look around the library one last time before settling on Mara on the table. She looked gently and Kattus found himself smiling at the thought of bedding her. And on a normal day, he would have tried his luck too but he couldn’t. Their relationship was based around work and until that was sorted, he thought it smart to leave it as it was.

He exited the library and walked through the corridor until he could find a washroom. Once there, he splashed some water on his face to clear out the remnants of sleep that clung to him. Inspecting his likeness in the mirror, he checked his face. Hair had begun to regrow on his chin and he debated shaving later in the day before dismissing the thought.

Wiping his face clean, he left the washroom and began the walk to the king’s chambers. The sun shone brightly through the archways and he hummed softly to himself as he passed scurrying servants and guards through the corridors. One of the servants, a small lad by the name of Somon, stopped to give him a piece of bread and a small cup of wine.

He was immensely grateful for it. He didn’t think he was hungry but at the first bite, his tummy grumbled in appreciation and he downed the rest.

Kattus turned the corner leading to the throne room and stopped, frowning at the queue extending from inside the room and leading on until it wrapped around another corner. He nodded towards the guards at the door and peeked to see the king on his throne, listening to an old man standing before him.

*That’s unexpected…*

The king had expressed a want to serve his people properly and one of the ways he had proposed, was to hear their wants, needs and complaints after which he’d decide on how best he could meet them with the best intentions. Kattus had taken that to mean they would write requests in and the king would give orders back. The queue out of the throne room was an unexpected development. One that he was deeply unsure about.

Standing to the left of the king was the head of House Claren, stern-faced and with a quill and book in hand. Now and then, the king would lean over to whisper to her and she’d answer back. He figured she was advising him on how best to help. Kattus frowned slightly as he thought that would have been his job.

Walking through the doors, Kattus hugged the wall of the room, doing his best to briskly walk to the king’s side. When he got to the small flight of stairs that went up to the throne, he waited with the servant stationed there and listened to the old man’s request.

“You say that you need assistance with your crops. What kind of assistance are you looking for?” the king said.

“Your majesty…” the old man began before getting on his knees, “...any help will do. I am not as young as I was and toiling the land is not easy for a body like mine anymore.”

The king looked contemplative for a moment before turning to speak to Lady Kana. When he was done, he glanced down towards him and smiled as if expecting him. Kattus narrowed his eyes and the king’s smile widened.

“Join me, Kattus,” the king said.

“As you wish,” Kattus replied slowly before changing his position.

As he took his place next to the king, Xioden motioned for him to come closer and he obeyed.

“You’re late,” the king whispered.

“I was occupied. And I didn’t know you had this planned,” Kattus countered.

Xioden turned to look at him before realisation set in. It was Kattus’ turn to smile smugly.

“Wipe the smile off your faces,” Lady Kana hissed from the opposite side, “He’s waiting for your answer.”

Kattus watched as the king glanced at her and then back at him, still smiling, before smoothing his face and returning his attention to the old man kneeling before him.

“I’ll send some men to help you tend to your crops and your farm. In return, for every profit you make off your wares, one-tenth has to be set aside for Elemira and another one-tenth to serve as a wage for the extra hands,” Xioden said.

“Thank you, my lord. Thank you,” the old man said, bowing before being escorted out.

Kattus watched as the old man left before whispering to the king.

“How many of this have you done already?” he asked.

“I lost count at twenty. Lady Kana might have a lot more put down,” Xioden said with a sigh.

“How many do you plan to do?” Kattus asked again.

The king waved to the guard minding the queue and the guard brought the next person forward to face the king. A short woman in tattered clothes, with a small baby in hand.

“I am not sure yet. Will probably be doing this until noon,” Xioden replied before nodding at the woman.

Kattus cursed himself in his head. He was tired and he hoped that he could have found some time to rest. Still, he was at his king’s side. It was part of the job he had gotten. One he hoped to do well.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Kattus frowned at the three unmoving bodies lying on the dusty street. The sun was being hidden by the clouds casting a shade down on him and the city guards moving around him and yet, sweat still rolled down his face. It wasn’t from the heat, he knew, but he pushed the reason away. He couldn’t bear to think about that yet.

*Three bodies. One Ireshan lord and two ruffians from the lower district. A typical ‘peasant killing the rich’ situation, except, this is not it now, is it?*

A crowd had formed around where he was all looking to see what had happened. The city guards rebuffed them with threats of violence and harm and he had half a mind to tell them to stop but he left them to continue. The sooner he could be done there, the sooner he could return to the king.

He let out a heavy breath and turned to face the guard that stood next to him.

“These two…” he began, pointing to the unhealthy looking men, “...tried to put this man into the hay that the merchant was carrying, yes?”

“Aye, Lord Kattus,” the young guard replied, giving a small bow as he spoke. The guard had a fresh face and if he were to guess, the young man probably started the job not too long ago.

“Don’t call me that. Kattus is just fine. Save the ‘lordship’ for the nobles,” Kattus grumbled.

“Aye, sir,” the young man replied as his cheeks coloured.

Kattus crouched and inspected the bodies of the three men. The two peasants stunk of the filth he had often smelled whenever he had to go to the lower districts. The stink of sickness and shit hanging about their tattered clothes. In comparison, the Ireshan man smelled different.

From the witnesses around, he had gathered that the peasants had been carrying the lifeless Ireshan which implied that the man was not killed recently. He moved closer to the man’s body and sniffed. There was a familiarity to the smell. A familiarity that tugged at his memory a few times before he dismissed it.

“What’s your name?” he asked the guard.

“Billy, sire.”

“Alright, Billy… Gather a few men to wrap up the Ireshan body. You will be following me to the castle to see the king,” he said. The guard’s eyes lit up and he scurried away quickly to carry out the order.

His eyes searched the Ireshan’s features, wondering if the man had known his death was coming. He wondered if the man had even had the chance to fight back. The man’s coat was a light blue with an oddly shaped insignia sewn into the left breast of the coat in white and yellow colour. Dirt stained red hair was dishevelled against the man’s pale face. Carefully, he checked the man’s pockets to see if there was anything of note and save for a letter, there was nothing else.

He closed his eyes for a moment as he took in a deep breath. The smell was incredibly familiar and yet, he struggled to attach it to a memory. Just before he reopened them, a memory of a darkened face and a distorted voice seized him, called to him and just as he held out his hand to grasp the memory, it dissipated.

He groaned as he opened his eyes. The forgotten memory issue was a new occurrence that he had been battling. He was never sure where he was whenever he got it, only that it was something important for him to remember. And whenever he tried to grab it, the memory would fade just before he got there.

The occurrence was sporadic enough to never disturb his day-to-day activities but disturbing enough to put him in a bad mood, especially with everything that was going on. He shifted his attention back to the present as he got to his feet. There wasn’t much else he could do except for speaking to the merchant driving the cart and finding out if there was anything else being missed from the scene, even if tiny.

He stretched for a bit, releasing the tension in his shoulders before glancing at the other two bodies. He was about to look away when something caught his eye. He frowned, moving closer to one of the men and bending down to inspect what he had seen.

Just above the ankle joint of one of the ruffians, there was a long metal needle sticking out from it that he wouldn’t have seen if not for the sun reflecting off it. Removing a small cloth from his pocket, he gently let it fall on the man’s ankle. The cloth drape on the leg, with the middle poking out.

Kattus grimaced before removing the needle from the man’s leg with the cloth. When he had questioned the guards that had fought the ruffians, they both had maintained that the men simply fell to the ground dead after a few moments without any damage from them. They had scuffled for a few seconds before both men suddenly went limp.

“Get me a healer and a potions expert. I believe I have found the reason for their deaths,” he called to the nearest guard as he got back to his feet.

The sun was setting and the glow of lamps being lit illuminated the streets, dirty as they were. There was still a crowd surrounding the area that had been closed off by the guards. Curious eyes watched the scene as if expecting something new to happen.

He scanned their faces, hoping to catch a hint of something different but they all had the same look. Curiosity, mixed with fear. Always those two emotions. Now and then, desperation but that was temporary. The first two emotions were what they lived their lives by.

Kattus turned and began to walk back to his horse.

The Ireshan man was already being carefully carried in a wrapped bundle towards the back of a cart that sat next to his stead. He climbed onto his horse, patting the animal down gently before looking back at the scene and then the crowd.

Just as he made to turn he saw a shadow moved at the corner of his eyes. Quickly, he spun and… nothing…

Kattus frowned as he scanned the crowd more focused than before but after a few seconds, he shook his head, pinching the bridge of his nose.

*I need to see someone. These shadows I’m seeing are getting worse. I might need to speak to him about it.*

With that, he gathered the reins of his horse and began his trot back to the castle.

\---

From the window, Osun watched the sunset in the golden city. It was a beautiful view, unlike anything she had ever seen in the city. Still, in her mind, it didn’t beat anything Nafri could dish out on a hot day.

Her fingers lightly traced the engravings on her belt knife absentmindedly as she sighed at the thought of the journey awaiting her and her friend. The thought annoyed her far more than she let on and every few seconds, the idea to return to Nafri and allow the gods to fend for themselves would float back up to the forefront of her thoughts.

She could do it too. She knew she could decide to vanish and there would be nothing the gods could do to her without triggering another divine war. She had been very clear on her terms for letting go of her godhood, knowing full well how her peers operate.

She couldn’t fathom the thought of being treated in the same way the gods treated the common folk who worshipped them.

Sighing again, she shifted her gaze from the sunset and back to what was happening in the room. The small anteroom was in a mess as Hecate walked about, picking different herbs and flowers and handing it to her servant to pack into her bags. Every time Osun thought she had gotten everything she needed, the woman would mutter to herself and walk away to find something else.

She had packed a small bag with some food and some jewellery that she had purchased in the city. Clothing was not something she worried about much. She was comfortable with what she wore and minus the lack of style, it served the purpose of getting her to where she needed to go.

*Plus, it is always better to buy whatever the locals are wearing. Saves embarrassing myself.*

Pushing herself off the wall, she moved towards her friend who was beginning to mutter again. Before Hecate could dash off to find something else, Osun caught her by the arm and spun her around.

“You’re stalling,” she said in a flat voice.

Hecate looked at her for a few minutes before raising her chin at her.

“And what if I am?” her friend said in a quiet voice. Apprehension showed on her face and Osun could understand where she was coming from.

“The sooner we set off, the sooner we can return. I, for one, would prefer to go back home. Alas, I can’t leave you alone,” she said, letting go of her friend.

Hecate sighed and waved to her servant to close the bag and secure it.

“I suppose we will be gone for months?” she asked.

“If we’re lucky. We would need to find and train in a short timespan. Months would be putting it too kindly,” Osun expressed with a shrug.

“Where do we even start?” Hecate asked exasperatedly.

“Ah! Right... “ she began, clasping her hand together in mock excitement, “When you were passed out, the gods discussed between themselves as to where they’d be able to find a chosen one. After a few back and forth, and resonating energies, we’re going to the forbidden lands!”

Her friend groaned, covering her face while she laughed heartily.

\---

Chief Nife parried the sword slash with the buckler strapped to his left hand before barging into the Ireshan soldier in front of him. The soldier yelped, before stumbling to the floor. Before the man could even react, the spear in his hand shot forward, sinking into the soldier’s throat.

He yanked it out, whipping it around as he searched for his next opponent. A sound came from his right and he turned to see one of his men clutching unsuccessfully at his throat. The man locked eyes with him and tried to speak, but blood only gurgled out of his mouth before he fell to the floor.

“Rest in Kyteka’s blessing,” he mouthed to the man before turning his eyes to the soldier with blood on his sword.

The soldier yelled a war cry before running towards him and he smacked his spear on his buckler a few times as he welcomed the charge. The soldier slashed downwards with his sword and Nife moved to the side to dodge it. He jabbed with the sword but the soldier blocked the first hit before hitting the spear away with the sword.

Both men circled each other and Nife thought about how he could catch the soldier off guard. He drowned out the sounds of other skirmishes happening around him and focused solely on the Ireshan man in front of him. The man yelled again and attacked and Nife blocked with his buckler.

The man tried again and he used the buckler to hit the sword away before moving into the man’s personal space and elbowing the man in the jaw. The man reeled back, staggering and Nife pressed his advantage by punching the Ireshan soldier in the face.

As the man stumbled away, stunned by the hit, Nife hopped back and swung the spear speedily across the man’s neck. Whatever sound was the soldier was making died in his throat as he fell into the dirt.

Something touched his forehead and he looked up to the sky. Another drop fell and he sighed. Within seconds, as he engaged his next opponent, the pit-patter of rain joined the cacophony of swords and spears on shields and bucklers. The dry ground turned into mush as mud, dirt and blood mixed with the rain.

\---

“My lord?” Kattus called as he walked into one of the courtyards in the castle.

The king sat quietly on a ceramic bench positioned to rest under the shade of a small roofing overhead. He was hunched forward with his hands clasped together, staring intently at a spot in the courtyard. He looked distracted so Kattus walked to his side and waited silently.

Looking across from the courtyard, he nodded at one of the king’s guards keeping watch. He had been one of the men he specifically chose to be part of Xioden’s security detail, even though the king hated the idea of being followed by armed men wherever he went.

Still, he had stuck to his word and gotten a squad of six men who were to stick to the king as close as possible without inconveniencing or distracting the king from his work. Kattus didn’t mind if his friend wasn’t a fan of the idea. Most kings disliked their security detail. But, they still had it.

He bit back a sigh and looked around the courtyard. It still looked largely the same as the last time he had been there. Green grass grew unbothered by nature. Roses and White elderflowers were planted around the courtyard’s flower bed and they flourished. A thin tree rose in the corner of the courtyard with little to no leaves on it, reaching for the sky.

Kattus wasn’t sure if it was the wind or how the tree extended a branch towards the open sky but he looked up at the dark clouds forming overhead. The air smelled fresh to him and he could wager a good bet that it was about to rain heavily for the next few days.

The thought of rain made him wish for his bed and a hot drink by which he could warm himself up. Then again, he figured maybe one of the maids in the castle would be willing to help him…

“They are dead, aren’t they?” Xioden said suddenly.

Kattus shook himself, breathing out and clearing his throat.

“I don’t know about ‘They’, Xioden. One of them *is* dead, however. Not sure how yet but it’s somewhat unusual,” he said slowly.

“Unusual how?” the king asked, turning to face him. Kattus froze for a bit, his words caught in his mouth as he noticed the sadness behind the king’s eyes.

“Er… The body has no scent. Nothing of decay or death. Almost as if the body was given a shower before we found it,” he explained with a slight grimace.

The king frowned for a few seconds, returning his gaze to the same spot in the courtyard.

*That would explain the sadness, I think. He should not be here in any case. Perhaps I should give Lady Sera a visit to ask that she keep the king happy in any way she could. Might be forward but it beats this…*

“Did you know… that in some cultures… the dead are preserved?” Xioden said suddenly.

“Preserved? In what way?” Kattus asked, raising an eyebrow.

“No idea. I’ve been studying history, Kattus. There was a country once that preserved their kings and hid them under massive triangle-like structures with gold and riches.”

“They buried their king with money? What are they expecting? That their kings can buy a castle in Thanatos’ domain?” Kattus chuckled.

“And their servants too, come to think of it…” Xioden added.

“Now, that’s just cruel. It’s one thing to bury money with a person. But to bury a living person with the dead is evil. Whoever works for such rulers are just as evil in my book,” Kattus said, spitting on the ground.

Xioden turned to look at him with a quizzical look.

“My father, if the tales are to be true, hosted orgies and sometimes killed everyone in it. Other times, he’d take the daughter or wife of one of the nobles and kill her just because. Not to mention the stories of how he’s chosen entire battalions of men to go on excursions with only one survivor to return…”

“Your point being?” Kattus said with a half-smile, “Your father was known as the mad king for a reason.”

“Agreed, my dear friend. And yet, your served him. Would you say you’re evil?” Xioden said in a small voice.

Kattus’ mirth died with that as he considered it. Licking his lips, he looked at the king who wasn’t paying him any more attention. Thinking about what to say properly, he cleared his throat a few times before speaking.

“I would think that, of all people, you’d understand the kind of father you had. Better yet, I thought you knew by now that we serve the throne. Not the person sitting on it,” he said in a tight voice.

“If I died tomorrow, would you serve the king after me the way you are with me now?” Xioden inquired.

“If you *died* tomorrow, I’d have been dead by then, my lord…” Kattus said walking to obstruct the king’s view, “...I am your guard. The first of the rest. If a sword is to be pointed at you, it would have gone through me first.”

“Hmm.”

The king looked up at him for a few seconds before getting up to his feet. The man dusted himself calmly and turned to walk out of the courtyard.

“I’m sorry, Kattus. I let my tongue slip,” he said as he began to walk away.

“My lord?” Kattus called.

“Yes?” Xioden replied, turning his head back.

“Is everything alright?”

“That depends, dear friend. That depends on how the week plays out. But if you’re asking as to how I feel right now, then Kattus, I feel like a puppet dancing on someone’s strings.”

The king turned away and continued walking down the corridor. A guard walked past Kattus following the king when he heard a voice shouting back towards him.

“And I plan to cut those strings, Kattus. I’m going to cut them.”

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Dekkar Tevan bristled in place but did his best to not let the emotions reflect on his face. As far as the new king was to be concerned, he was going to be as smooth as ice. That was the plan except for the poor show he exhibited when it was his turn to introduce himself. He could already feel his wife berating him for his abysmal handling of the situation.

He had planned to follow the actions of his peers but as the activity continued, he found himself more and more irritated. And it had caused him to act out in an unsightly manner. Nonetheless, he had laid the bed, metaphorically speaking. He would lie on it however the king decided to address the slight.

The quiet sound of the royal table being dismantled behind him pulled his attention away for a brief moment. The castle servants were moving the furniture away, clearing the path from the door to the throne. Returning his gaze to Xioden…

*King Xioden, in his presence. Maintain the ruse.*

...the young king still remained sitting on the stairs, staring intently at him.

“Lord Dekkar,” the man said in a neutral tone.

“Yes, my lord,” he replied, tilting his head ever so slightly.

There was a pause as the king stared at him, uncomfortable and lengthy. Dekkar wanted to break the gaze but didn’t. He stared back just the same. He wanted to make it clear to the king that he wasn’t a man to cower just because of the crown.

However, the silence dragged for minutes on end.

After a while, barely suppressing his frustration, he opened his mouth to talk only to be met with a raised hand from the king.

*You won’t say anything to me and still, you stop me from talking. You blasted, little, cre-*

“You don’t like me, Lord Dekkar. You barely even respect me. And who can blame you? You rested your claim on the first prince. Unfortunately, he’s passed through the veil of life. So, I’m all that you have at the moment.”

“My loyalty is to the throne, your majesty,” he said with a deep bow, “You are the king, so my loyalty is to you.”

“And if I so much as believed those words, I’ll be dead before the year’s out.”

Dekkar didn’t raise his head. He was scowling at the subtle insinuations the man was handing out and he was struggling to smooth out his face before facing the king once more. The man’s attitude was getting on his nerves.

Taking a deep breath and closing his eyes, he remembered something his wife loved to say. Something she said her father taught her, learnt from her grandfather. He smoothed his face and raised his head.

“Is the king calling me a traitor?” he asked, feigning surprise.

“I’m calling you, ‘Honest’. Within this conversation.”

The young king rose to his feet and began to ascend the steps, stopping just short of the throne before glancing back at him.

“You don’t like me because I’m not a full noble, neither am I affluent. I don’t have contacts like the rest of the princes have…” the king said almost wistfully.

He traced an unseen trail on the throne’s armrest before moving to circle the throne itself, still speaking.

“You don’t like me because I was friends with commoners, especially the residents of the lower districts. I missed out on royal parties, events and gatherings that might have raised my standing in one form or the other.”

The king rounded the large chair from the other side until he stood in front of the throne once more.

“Best yet, you don’t like me because I’m Nafri-born,” the king said with a smile as he sat on the throne.

At once, Dekkar fell to his knees and bowed to the king. The two servants standing to the side of the staircases did the same, as well as the king’s personal guard who had been standing to the side of the room. He swallowed. The only people who knew of his disdain of people born from lands to the east and south-east were his wife and his councillor.

“Rise.”

Dekkar hesitated for a split second before returning back to his feet to face the young king. The man continued to stare at him, but his face wasn’t neutral anymore. There was an emotion he couldn’t quite discern. Licking his lips, he thought about what the king had said and how best to respond.

Going out on a whim, he opened his mouth to speak before seeing the king’s hand raised to stop him once again. He shut his mouth and looked away.

“You don’t have to like me, Dekkar. I don’t like you, either. I find myself at natural odds with people who dislike me on account of where I come from. That’s not why I told you to remain,” the king said with a sigh, before leaning forward towards him.

“You don’t have to like me. You just have to work for me. Your work, your area of expertise, lies in fostering relations between Elemira and our allies, subjects and enemies. I have heard and have been taught that your skill is unparalleled. It is your skill I need.”

“You have my skills.”

“Do I, Dekkar? You say that your vision of Elemira is a strong one. A nation that doesn’t bend or break. Will your skills help in ensuring that?”

Dekkar swallowed. The man had turned his declaration to his advantage. The lashing out had been in the moment, an attempt to offset the king. He hadn’t planned to lash out the way he did but… for the king to turn it around and use his own words like now? Dekkar bowed his head and knelt once more, a hand across his heart.

*You believe you can play the politics of the throne, young prince? Very well, then. Let’s see how well you fare…*

“By my honour and my life, do I swear that my skills are to serve the kingdom of Elemira. All to make her strong and unbreakable,” he said smoothly.

“Very well. I accept your pledge. You may go,” the king replied.

“By your leave, my lord.”

Dekkar rose gracefully to his feet and turned away from the king. He took his time to walk away from the throne and away from the room before hastening his steps. His mind was beginning to race on how best to show the young king how unprepared he was for what was to come. A few ideas had already begun to form but first, he had to see to an issue regarding his councillor.

\--

“The rest of you can go,” Xioden said aloud.

The servants next to the stairs moved from their positions enough to be able to see him and bow before moving towards the exit. The guards at the door allowed for the servants to leave before bowing and following suit, closing the door behind them. Silence filled the room but he counted up to five before letting out a sigh.

“I can’t lie. I was worried you would flounder like a fish in a barrel when you won the tournament,” a familiar voice said and he jerked up in surprise.

Kattus slowly walked up the stairs, laughing lightly. The guard was slow-clapping as he climbed the stairs and Xioden ran a hand through his hair.

“Can’t lie. I thought I would, too. Had to construct a view of what I know of Roedran and everything Farooq had nagged me to learn. I barely kept control when Dekkar decided to rebel.”

The guard reached the throne before stopping. He looked around, confused for a moment before walking briskly to the back of the chair to retrieve a small stool on which he sat on.

“Farooq taught you well,” Kattus said.

“Well enough. I still need him. And you. There is so much I need to catch up on. So much that I need to know on what Roedran has done to Elemira. I need to see to my mother,” he said before turning to face Kattus suddenly, “You have to help me do that. Or, arrange something.”

“I believe you can take a walk to see her. You are king, now. You can go anywhere you want.”

“I can. But, I can’t. Not yet. Too many eyes are on me. I took this throne to care for my mother and the city, especially the lower districts. But, I can’t do that yet. Not until I have a grip on these vultures here.”

“In that case, I reckon I can get her body here.”

Xioden eyes widened and he nodded. It was better than not seeing her at all. He hadn’t even known she was in the city. Somehow, she had made the journey up to see him. And, he hadn’t even gotten a chance to rejoice with her now that he had become king. If she was alive, she would be getting ready to take her place as the Queen-Mother. He wasn’t certain on the rules pertaining to that but it was something he had planned to do regardless.

An idea began to form in his mind and he found himself staring at his left arm. He had used it before. Used to stop Kattus from dying. Or, moving pass the veil or whatever. Thanatos had guided him on how to stop it and bring him back. He wasn’t fully sure on the means by which he pulled the guard back but he had used the lesson to learn how to utilise his arm a bit in the arena.

*Perhaps… Perhaps, I can do the same for her…*

He looked up to say something to Kattus before stopping. The guard was looking at him intently, a sad look in his eye.

“What’s wrong?” he asked his friend.

Kattus pursed his lips for a few moments, then replied.

“Your arm. Death really chose you?”

Xioden bit his lip and sighed before lounging back in the chair. His acceptance speech on the platform had all been from the top of his head. It hadn’t been planned though he did have an idea on what he wanted to address. Plus, he was still feeling sore from the letter he had read. He didn’t regret telling them all that the gods were useless. He did regret telling them about Death.

After all, the entity’s demands were still pending and he had no idea how to deliver such a thing without starting a war. And, he didn’t want to start one either. He couldn’t fathom the idea of giving the order.

“Death chose me. It marked me.”

Kattus let out a breath, rubbing the back of his neck.

“I think you’d be the first prince to be marked by Thanatos. In Elemira’s history, I think. The god usually leaves us to our devices. It will explain the stories I heard about the dark, misty powers you were showing. The bards and the people who-”

“It wasn’t Thanatos,” Xioden said in a quiet voice. His shoulders drooped as he closed his eyes.

“I don’t understand.”

“Thanatos didn’t mark me. Death did.”

“I don’t understand. Thanatos is the god of Death. Surely, you mean him?”

Xioden sighed and got to his feet. He looked at the guard and then around the throne room. His gaze rested on the pillars spiralling towards the ceiling and then to the carpet and then the doors. He let his eyes travel from the door to the stairs before resting his gaze at the throne.

“Thanatos is known as the god of Death. He is not Death itself. Death, the entity. Death marked me. So, I now work for Death. Just like Thanatos.”

“Gods above…” Kattus whispered as he rubbed his chin.

“Aye...”

Silence fell between the two men and it dragged. Xioden was lost in his thoughts, trying to discern how best to serve Death without needless killing. He glanced at Kattus a few times but the guard seemed just as unfocused as he was.

“Kattus?” he said and the guard jerked up.

“Yes?”

“Help me get my mother. I may be able to do something..”

“With Death’s powers?”

“...Aye…”

The guard got to his feet and nodded before walking down the stairs towards the door. Xioden let his eyes follow the guard for a few seconds before turning towards the door leading towards his room.

“My lord?” Kattus called from the door.

“Did I die in the passage?”

Xioden froze for a brief moment before turning to his friend. The guard gave a weak smile before bowing deeply and exiting the room.

*I really shouldn’t have mentioned Death. In any case, as with everything, I’ll see to the consequences when they happen…*

He returned to his chambers in a slow walk, brooding as he considered where to start on his studies about the kingdom. He thought about having an audience with Lady Kara first. She was in charge of the kingdom’s finances. The nation’s economy was as good a place to start as any. But then he thought about learning the history of the land. Maybe he could get some pointers on how the nation could change.

More importantly, he thought about the kind of country he wanted to create. He wanted to care for the city. After all, he had been working as a servant long before he got bought out by the merchant as a mercenary. He had seen the squalor of the lower districts. He had lived through the neglect generously offered by the king.

Nonetheless, he had to admit to himself, if not publicly. His reason for the throne had been centred around caring for his mother. He just wanted to offer her something better than the hand she had been dealt with.

So deep in thought was he, that he didn’t even notice the servants assisting him in taking off his cloak. He gently shrugged them off once he was shirtless. He wanted to be alone and they understood, curtsying to him as they exited his room.

Once alone, he fell onto his bed, facing the ceiling.

An old memory floated to the surface. A memory of a time when he had gotten into a fight with one of the other boys in his tribe. He had won the fight, though he suffered a cut on his forehead that just bled without stopping.

His mother had shouted at him, before drawing him into a hug.

*“You can’t always get pulled into fights, little husband. You must be bigger than them. Let them taunt you. You stick your tongue out in reply and come to me. You are all I have. I can’t lose you to something as stupid as a fight.”*

It was what his mother would say each time he got into fights. After the hug, she sat him down as she gently cleaned the cut on his forehead all the while humming quietly to him. It was a sweet moment he never forgot. And remembering about it, he couldn't help but let the tears flow as he wept.

\---

Xioden opened his eyes to a darkened place. Alone. No air. No sound. Feeling returned to him slowly, as he gradually became aware of himself. He was still in his armour. The one he used to fight in the arena. Rubbing a hand across his chest, he felt something flaky fall off, and instinctively, he could tell he was scraping through caked blood.

He thought disgust and horror would fill him but instead, he found himself remembering a flash of the brightest light he had ever seen. And then nothing. And then this.

His awareness of himself spread and he could see more of his surroundings. He wasn’t as alone as he thought. He was on a queue of sorts, with a large opening in the distance signifying his destination. The opening appears like a cut in space. Sharp edges with a bright hue to them. The opening itself seemed to shimmer with a blue and silver glow that shifted and flowed constantly.

A chill crept up his spine as he marched along the line towards the opening. The person in front of him looked familiar. Something about the way they marched forward. Something about the way they looked. A memory tugged at the edges of his mind but he couldn’t quite place it.

Glancing back, he gasped as Arsa lumbered behind him with unfocused eyes and an open mouth. Xioden tried to turn but found that he could not. Instead, his legs continued forward regardless of the scream in his mind.

His arm began to itch but he found that he couldn’t touch it. Instead, he found himself being lifted off the ground, away from the queue that shuffled on without noting his absence.

Higher and higher, he travelled until the queue was nothing but a snake line in the distance. His vision blurred as his body spun to face upwards… or upwards relative to how he had been. And then he saw it.

Bright blinding diamond for eyes in the sockets of a skull that looked at him. A burst of guttural laughter filled his mind and his vision deemed until all he could see was darkness.

\---

Xioden woke up with a start. He was back on his bed, in his chambers. Breathing heavily, he wiped a hand across his face. He was sweating. He couldn’t place the point at which he had stopped crying but it appeared he had fallen asleep shortly after the tears were done. Gingerly changing his position to sit up, he groaned as his body hurt from the effort.

There was a knock on his door, brief but not overly loud. And then, the door opened to Kattus. He glided into the room, shutting the door behind him.

“Your majesty,” he said with a small smile and a bow.

“Kattus,” Xioden replied with a sigh.

“It would appear I disturbed your sleep. I apologise. I simply-”

“You didn’t disturb anything. I woke just before you knocked.”

Kattus nodded before continuing.

“I roused some of the healers. They protested that there was nothing more that could be done. Even if it was for the king’s mother. That said, they were more eager to obey when I told them who she was.”

It took a moment for Xioden to get the meaning before he jumped to his feet. Without waiting, he ran past Kattus and down the hall, making his way back to the throne room. He had almost gone far before he heard Kattus shout from his back.

“She’s in the guest room. The next turning to your right.”

Xioden turned down the hallway to his right and stopped in front of the first door that he came across. Taking a few seconds to steady himself, he wrapped a hand around the door handle, twisting it and pushing it open.

|Next update:|*22nd July 2019*|
|:-|:-|I double check the mini fridge is stocked up with food, like I always do at moments like these. Not to say it's not ever full, but it's a habit I haven't quite broken from and I don't think I'll ever break from it. It is essential you see. My phone blips and the back-light comes on. Another message.

Another "see you next week."

Another well-wisher buying into the lie that I'm holidaying in Barbados. It's not particularly a hard lie to sell, but I sold it like I always did. I tell everyone I'm spending a week off from fighting crime. Better to keep everyone in the dark, than to let my enemies know that I'm extremely vulnerable for a single hour of the year. That's the kind of secret that can kill a man. And with the amount of criminals I've put in the locker and behind bars, this is always going to be for the best.

A sigh escapes me as I double check the fridge once more. It's an anxiety thing, I know. But I have to be sure. I have to be certain. I check the cupboard above the mini-fridge and go through it. Small bottles of pills, of medicine, bandages, injections and a gun.

In the event that the pain gets too much, you know.

Not that it has ever gotten that much, but staring at it, I can feel the back of my mind itching furiously. It has been one heck of a year. Major Madness broke out and almost leveled downtown. Sultry raised an army to face me, and if not for the team, that would have gone south. I might have killed someone. And then, Rage.

I can't believe I have an arch-nemesis.

And I can't believe how much we fought this year.

Somehow, he found a way to fight longer in our last battle. I remember the fight like it was yesterday. The punches, the buildings we totaled. The collateral damage itself almost put me under if not for the government and very obvious recordings of me trying to keep Rage away from destroying everything. I still don't think he has ever hit me as hard as he did. Damn near knocked me out for good. The scariest part is, I felt pain.

We fought, and fought, and fought... and he made me grimace from the pain. And I know he knew that he was getting to me because of the stupid sly smile he gave me. And just before I could put him down, he escaped. Like he wanted to. Like he couldn't let himself fall knowing he could finally hurt me. It was and still is a chilling thought to have.

In a few minutes, my receptors will dampen all the way to zero and everything my powers have been holding back, I'll have to feel for one solid hour.

That's one heck of a kryptonite.

I survey the room once more. The small, square shaped panic room located several levels below my house. I figure my scream would be muffled enough. I locked the metal door to the room and secure the key behind all the crap in the cupboard. Best to keep it safe really. Seconds now. Mere seconds.

Checking my watch, I follow the countdown from thirty.

Twenty-nine...

Twenty-eight...

Twenty-seven...

I hear bang on the door. Something I've never heard before. As I get to my feet, the metal door blasts open and Rage walks in with his minions. Hesitation leaves me as I speed towards him. My fist connects with his face and he smashes into the wall outside the room. His minion moves to shoot me with a photon blast, but I dodge. My hand wraps around the gun and I crush it, before throwing the minion towards Rage who was beginning to get to his feet. He swats the minion away to the side nonchalantly and grins at me.

My breath catches and I glance at the watch.

Twelve...

Eleven...

My eyes widen and I hear him laugh but he doesn't move. He remains outside the door, looking at me. The sound of my heartbeat deafens me as I mentally count the remaining seconds till vulnerability. My eyes lock on his and then my mouth opens as a shrill cry escapes it. I fall to the floor as my body convulses and spasms in a degree of pain I have never endured before. And I know he's still there standing above me.

Everything hurt. Every sensation. Every thought, every slight movement, even the feeling of air on my skin is like sandpaper trying to scrape my skin off. It hurt to blink. It hurt scream but the scream came nonetheless.

Usually, I scream and cry and eventually pass out around the thirteenth minute. That's the only way I manage to avoid touching the gun. Except, I feel I might pass out sooner. And then I'll be at the complete mercy of my nemesis.

\---Hiya, 

Beginning this weekend (sometime :P), I'm going to be crafting out the world of \[DB\] just a bit more. 

I want to make it a changed world, obviously, but I also aim to add a layer of diversity that I've been dripping into the story at the moment. 

**In regards to the Lands;**

This is going to be open for everyone to see and comment. Feedback is also very much welcome and appreciated. As it stands there are a few main lands, surviving after the fall-out of the God-War;

*Lands of Honase* 

*Lands of Nafri* 

*Lands of Elemira* 

*Lands of Illimirea* 

*and etc*

All the above will be delved into so that I can show and depict a unique culture and land. Not all the locations will be visited or used in the current story but some of the characters we will meet will be from some of these lands. 

\*The lands will be modeled from existing continents. ;)

**In** **regards** **to** **the** **Characters;** 

Apart from some of the characters which I'll keep to myself and the higher tiers, I'll be using this to explain some back stories for some of the characters that show up in the tale. This obviously will link to the above. 

This will largely be locked for patrons only. 

But some might make it to public view. I'll be sure to share it publicly as soon as it does, so that you don't miss out. 

**ALSO,** if you're in the \[Involved\] tier, you can create your own character to be involved in the story and if you don't want them in the story, you can create to have them in the world. I do plan to find someone to do commissions of created characters but I'll leave that to when that actually happens. 

**ALL IN ALL**

See you all on Monday/Tuesday, for the next entry to Death-Bringer. :)The seconds ticked away as all the eyes in the court room fixed their gaze on me. They wanted my verdict so desperately, it was painted on all their faces. All of them, except the person I'm supposed to judge. And for the first time, since I got this job, I'm not sure what to rule him as.

Ever since I was born, I could see behind the veil of reality, into humanity's true self. I have seen angel-like humans, doing the utmost good and despicable humans indistinguishable from demons. I have seen spirits, leeches, monsters, and just about all the possible forms of humanity.

Heck, even now, in this room filled with reporters, lawyers, guards and the entire jury party, I can still see them. All except him.

All except a certain 'Mr Brown'.

The prosecutors had brought him before me to accuse him of going on a killing spree. The media had dubbed him as a serial killer, The Tourist, because he was always around when people died, sometimes covered in blood, and sometimes holding the weapon. His defendants fought staunchly to say he was just an extremely unlucky fellow, stricken by a mental affliction.

I knew the defendants were bullshitting me but I couldn't verify as I usually did. No matter what angle I looked at him, Mr Brown never showed me anything other than himself.

An average human, with no intentions, spirits, and divinity hiding behind the veil. And I can't lie, it is irking me so much.

On one hand, I can pronounce him guilty and throw the book at him, but then there's the case of him being innocent. My perfect record would be shattered and I would have lost my credibility. The media would dub it a product of hubris and would signify a downfall. It won't be impossible to recover but I don't want that.

On the other hand, he goes free as an innocent man, but if the murders occur again, I would be at a loss.

Still, I have wasted time as it is.

"On account of the testimonies, the accounts and the cases of the prosecutors and the defendants, I will be delaying my judgment on the Mr Jonathan Brown. I feel I haven't quite received enough from both the defendants and the prosecutors to sufficiently sentence the man before me. Case dismissed," I said, rising to my feet.

The guard next to me pronounces for the room to rise, but I began to make an exit earlier than usual. As I pass through the threshold of the door leading to my room, I took one last look at Mr Brown and saw he was looking at me.

And then, he winked before being escorted out.

\---*"It is the itch I miss. The itch of surprise,"* I say. The air is smoke and dust. The sky is reddened from of a lingering fire in the distance. I can see the glow of heat from where I float, in the shadow of a ruined buildings.

The sound of explosions fill the air at random. The empire is scouring the rock for remains. Remains that might make it to the trophy room or the science ships.

*"I, Grmjakel, am great warrior. Great warrior of war with Terrans. When mothership approach blue space rock form the black void, I am in the first vessel to fight, along with my brood and my warbound. We were the first wave of cleansing. And we washed the Terrans off the blue rock with glee,"* I continue my story as my eyes follow the warships flying overheard.

They can't see me for I have put on my shield cloak. I don't want to be seen. Not for a while, I think. Though, I must make a report soon to the ship captain and squad leader. I wonder what I will tell them. I am not certain yet. Thinking in terran is difficult. The language is rough. And not simple. And creating an opening on my head to talk was also not simple. Audio communication is ineffective.

*"The Terrans were weak. The Terrans are weak. They have four bjartak. Four...appendages, though they walk on two and use the others for menial work. Very unlike us. Very bad. They don't have bjartak like us. They walk. We fly. They use a hole in their heads to talk. We talk from mind to mind. Audible communication is weak. Ineffective.*

*"Their weapons are ineffective but interesting. Metal objects shooting metal objects in a show of fire and sound. It is harmless against our bioshield, turning to dust before it touches us. It was only proper that they lost to us. Lost to the might of the Jargen empire."*

A sound of bubbling and incomprehensible words reach me and I shiver. I search my mind for any record or meaning but find none. It is an odd sound. Like a secret communication. My eyes narrow and I scan my surroundings for enemy combatants. I open my senses and my mental energies hum with activity, but I find no one else. It is...unsettling.

*"I am great warrior of the Jargen empire, masters of the black void. We have cleansed different rocks since we began to fly through the stars in the name and form of our nNatik. Our nNatik says we will own the black void. And so, we fight to show we deserve it. We have fought and killed the rocks in the name of our nNatik. In worship of our nNatik,"* I say before turning to look at my new discovery.

Big blue eyes look back at me. There's an intent in them as I link my mind with the little terran in front of me. The intent is odd. But also familiar. It seems to want something. I am uncertain. I float closer to it, extending a bjartak to it. The terran creature grabs it before repeating the incoherent words. The intent I feel is warm.

*"But, all those battles were boring. Ordained,"* I say as the terran's face opening widens. The intent is warmer.

*"The Terrans are the ones to make me itch. The vigour of their battle. The heat of their will. Whenever my brood destroy their positions, they regroup and attack harder. With the others, our superiority shone like a star rock. We would destroy our enemies in four karins. That is...four... weeks, in Terran."*

*"The Terrans, though. They kept us fighting for..."* I say as I show four of my bjartak to the terran four times, *"...four instances of four karins. I am unsure of the number in terran tongue."*

I don't think it understands me.

*"They were the first to let us know. Know that our bioshield is not forever. That our bioshield can crack and break. Of all the enemies we've conquered, they are the only ones to capture our injured. And the next time we would fight, they would fight us better. And better."*

The sounds from the creature begin to die down. The opening on its head begins to shrink as it's eyelids flutter. It's grip on my bjartak lessens.

*"Their weapons of metal and fire began to changed to our weapons of light and heat. Their terran warships became harder to eradicate. In an act unlike us, we began to take terran injured too. As they understood how to fight us, we began to understand how to fight them.*

*"And soon, the Jargen empire would come to agree. That we must wipe the blue rock."*

The sound has stopped now. Instead, the terran's chest rises and falls gently. It's eyelids are closed and it has released my bjartak. I believe it has begun its hibernation cycle. It is one of the terran activities we learnt. That they hibernate in short bursts. And when they awake from the cycle, they are more willing to fight. It's very unlike Jargen. We hibernate for long cycles.

Still, the terran looks peaceful. The intent I feel in its mind is the warmest I have felt. I will stay and watch over it. There is more about terran behaviour I plan to see and do.

*"I will tell the rest later. When you have awakened from hibernation. I will feed you. And then, I will show you that your people are not as weak as we used to think,"* I say as gently as my body can allow.

I will watch over the terran a little while longer.

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Lamps lit up the road to the castle on the moonlit night as a cold draft wove its way through the city. More lamps were lit across the district, with city guards standing at intersections throughout the whole district. The king’s guards were also stationed around the district and there was a general alertness as they kept watch.

There was a tension in the district, dense and palpable even as Xioden gazed out the window. The throne room was brightly lit and packed with guards standing alert and looking around for any sign of trouble. He could hear Kattus speaking in the background but drowned the words out. Instead, he let his eyes wander around the district.

The moon was full, appearing larger than it had been the previous night and it bathed the land in a soft blue glow. There was an intent in the air, a wrongness that permeated the air like an unwatchable stench.

Releasing a sigh into the air, he moved away from the window, shifting his gaze back to the two bodies lying at the foot of the throne. He felt a small chuckle rise in him as he noticed how everyone walked gingerly around the body. He could understand why. Stories as to how he killed the two intruders would have spread through the district.

Probably exaggerated too. And even then, they’d probably still not understand. Not to say I completely do either but still…

The lords of House Sengh and Janaya were huddled together closer to the doors of the throne room, talking to each other in hushed tones, turning only to give orders to the guards standing around. Kattus performed the same action though he was locked in a heated argument with another of the king’s guards.

That made him chuckle out loud.

Somehow, everyone had gotten caught up in the business of ensuring his safety in some form and yet, apart from the initial questions Kattus had asked, no one else had come to ask after him. It wasn’t something that bothered him too much but it was something that interested him.

Casually, aware that eyes weren’t on him, he walked back to the throne and sat on it, resting his back and taking in the scene before him. The bodies were inspected by another healer who reported to Kattus. The lords moved closer to converse with the guard and the healer before all collectively looking at the bodies on the floor.

Xioden looked back at the bodies and a memory floated in the recesses of his mind. The bodies were garbed in dark tightly fit robes, with pouches around their waists. On their backs, they had a pair of curved swords though when they were laying the bodies down, he had glimpsed a couple of knives hidden in their boots.

What interested him, more than the scarves they used to cover their faces and the hood over their heads, was the brand at the back of their necks. Two snakes, intertwined at the centre, with double lines running vertically across the snakes.

*Shadowspawn.*

He had heard about the shadowspawn once before. From Farooq, when the man used to tell him rumours about what went on in the castle with his father. Shadowspawn were taken to be the best assassins. A secret clan hidden away from view. Skilled in the art of stealth, shadow magic and killing techniques. They would sometimes raid a city to steal children who they’d train up to be like them. Those were the stories Farooq had told him.

The two bodies in front of him were not the first bodies he had seen. After the explosion of his former house, the healers and dousers had found another unidentified body burnt beyond recognition. When the healers were done with their examination, he had gotten word, through Kattus, that the only identifiable thing on the body was a scar behind their neck that resembled a brand.

Looking at the two bodies before him, he knew. A shadowspawn had been in his house that night.

Relief flooded him anew. He didn’t know how much he had been burdened by the deaths of his servants. But with the new information, it felt like he could finally breathe. If only by a little. There was still the business of figuring out who had been trying to assassinate him.

“Your majesty?” a voice broke through his thoughts and he jerked his head up.

His eyes searched the faces staring up at him before falling on the lord of House Sengh.

“Yes?”

“Would you be agreeable to increased security around the palace?” Lord Thomas asked slowly.

Xioden stared for a moment as his mind tried to catch up on what he had missed. Somehow, he felt foolish and he wasn’t sure why. He blinked, suddenly noticing that Kattus wasn’t next to them anymore but was instead, standing next to him. The guard cleared his throat and Xioden followed suit before replying.

“Of course. For the safety of the king, I take it?” he said.

“Yes, my lord,” the man replied, shooting a quick worried glance at Lord Vyas.

“I’ll choose the guards. More quiet men, so as not to let you use whatever it is Samma and the others saw,” Kattus whispered to him and he nodded.

“What should we do with the bodies, your majesty?” Lord Thomas said.

“Burn them. The message has been received loud and clear,” Xioden said, his voice tinged with a cold edge.

“Oh... “ the lord replied, glancing at his Lord Vyas before returning his gaze to him.

“Is there a reason why you don’t want them burnt?” he asked.

“Er… no, my lord. It’s just…” Lord Thomas began before trailing off.

“...It’s just that, we feel,” Lord Vyas continued, pausing to wet his lips, “We feel that perhaps if we display the bodies for all to see, we might stave off further attempts.”

“That and the rumours of how, well, they died. With both in hand, we can make a show of unyielding strength as befitting royalty. It is a move your father would have done,” Lord Thomas said just as the other lord coughed.

What my father would have done? For all the supposed hate of my father’s rule, it would appear that they still see him as a level of power to aspire to.

“In other words, my decision is a weak one…”

Xioden let his words hang as he regarded them. A chill entered the room and the faces of both lords seemed to pale, though Lord Thomas still wore his neutral expression. Doing his best not to smile, he released a breath and spoke.

“The dead are shadowspawn. Shadowspawn. The assassins of nightmares and horrors. Hanging them for all to see in the city will not deter whoever it is that wants me dead. Burn the bodies.”

“But…” Lord Vyas protested.

“Burn them!” Xioden spat, rising to his feet and the lords and the present guards flinched, “Burn them. If you feel that a statement has to be made, then burn them in Death’s name. That is what your king wishes.”

The lord of House Sengh was the first to regain composure, bowing his head in acquiescence. Lord Vyas did the same before barking orders at one of the nearby guards. Xioden watched as they all sprang into action. Closing his eyes, he tried to relax and let go of the sudden anger that had gripped him.

He hadn’t meant for his words to come out as harshly as they did. The last thing he wanted was for them to equate his strength or the perceived lack thereof to his father. After all, they had all known and heard what the man had gotten up to as the king. He was the reason they were facing the predicament they were in.

The economy was close to crumbling, the lower districts were turning into a festering pit for despicable companies, they had a war on the horizon and somehow, some dead foreign allies all tied up into the concoction that his father had left for him.

He couldn’t help but feel like there was something bigger at foot. Something large enough for his father to abdicate the throne in the manner he did. Then again, some part of him wished the last activity of the tournament involved fighting the king. That way, he could have driven his blade through his father’s heart.

Xioden opened his eyes to an empty room.

*Not quite empty*, he corrected himself as his eyes passed over his guards who had increased in number.

He got to his feet and turned towards his chambers once more for the night and all the guards followed suit. When they got to the door to his room, three guards went ahead into the room to check and ensure that the room was safe before allowing him to go in. The markings of the poison knives were still on the door and he considered getting it changed before walking into the room.

Once in, he undressed until he was shirtless and wearing some woollen shorts. Picking up a book from the floor, next to the pile of books that Lord Harlin had given him from the royal library, he slipped under the bed-covers. Sitting up next to a bedside lamp, he inspected the book.

“The First Records of the Doe,” he murmured to himself, turning the book over.

It was a large leather-bound book, with a hefty spine and pages that felt somewhat rough to his touch. The book had a musty smell to it like it hadn’t been touched in decades. For reasons he couldn’t decide on, he liked the smell.

He opened the book and read the opening line.

*“If perchance you have found this to read, then the old world is beyond saving and we must look at the new. This is now a fresh start for humanity, that we might perform better than our predecessors did. Perhaps, we will not be able to reach for the stars immediately, but that must be the end goal. The end of the journey.*

*“The gods have returned and with it, they brought back destruction and death. The world heaved under their might and we fell in our millions as dead flies would. It will be a lie if I said that with them, perhaps we will recover and transcend. But that’s a lie. The gods are selfish and not to be trusted. In this age or the next.*

*“They are not to be trusted.”*

Xioden frowned at some of the words used in the opening as they made no sense to him, but he agreed on the general premise. The gods were not to be trusted. He had experienced as much by himself without being told.

*Perhaps we won’t be able to reach the stars immediately?*

That made him scratch his head. He had never heard any tale of humans reaching the sky. After all, it was widely known that the skies were Zeus’ domain. And no human had been into the god’s domain unless the god deemed it necessary, which was not something they did on principle.

They were greedy and egotistical and to enter into what is theirs would be just as great an insult as anything else. Or at least, that is what he had gathered from his studies. Still, the idea intrigued him as a memory of an old dream came crashing back at him.

*The metal dragons breathing fire and spitting metal. Perhaps there’s a metal dragon that just continues until it passes the clouds.*

That had been the first dream that Thanatos had used in his explanation in regards to what Death had planned for him. He grimaced as his mood soured. He didn’t want to think about Death especially after telling the lords that they could burn the shadowspawn in his patron’s name. That had been a stupid thing to do. One he felt he would regret.

Sighing to himself, he turned to the next page in the book and continued reading.

\---

Kana Claren pinched the bridge of her nose, dropping the scroll she had been reading through. The kingdom was in a bad shape and while she was pleased that the new king seemed to understand the gravity of the situation, she still felt hopeless.

She moved her hands to pick up the parchment detailing a rough estimate of what they could make off the trade with Illimerea. She wasn’t sure about glowing crystals. She was more unsure as to whether or not it would sell in Elemira and to their allies. From the way the king had spoken about it, she was hoping to be impressed when Timon returned with some.

*How will we pay for them? When will we pay?*

The thought itched at her. All the current plans were resting on a stack of uneven cards. A lot of ‘Ifs’ were all that held them in place. The former king had devastated Elemira and for the life of her, she couldn’t understand why.

If it wasn’t forcibly bedding the spouse of a nobleman, it was that and killing said noblewoman. The former king had indulged himself in parties and celebrations for no reason other than that he could. The royal treasury bled gold like oil and the man never heeded any of her warnings.

She pursed her lips and focused on the scribbles she had put down after her discussion with the lord of House Forthen. She went over the calculations again as she had done hours before. She had to be certain that the plan could be viable. She was tired of dealing with vague results and hopes. Time for that was far past.

The lamps hanging beside the door and the lamp on her table suddenly dimmed and she frowned at the pool of darkness gathering on the floor between the table and the door. She waited for a few seconds before scowling.

“If you’re going to come out, come out. I’m in no mood for jests,” she said in a cold voice.

Slowly, three heads dipped out of the shadow and then their bodies and soon enough, they were completely out of the shadow. Clothed in dark robes, with curved blades at their backs and a slit where their eyes could be seen.

“So?” she asked.

“We failed,” said the figure standing in front.

“Of course you failed. I want to know what happened, Dallun. I was summoned hours ago about the failed assassination. How did it fail? And did you men try to actually kill him? You were to scare him,” she said.

“Well…” Dallun began before one of the men behind him placed a hand on his shoulder and spoke.

“Perhaps, I should answer this. Mistress, I was with Marko and Felin. The mission was handed to the three of us. We attacked as if to scare him. We expected him to run into his chambers with his guards in tow but he performed a different action instead.”

“Different action?”

“Aye, Lady Kana. He parted the guards and extended his left hand towards us. By now, we were already slipping back into the dark, the shadow, to make our escape. I was submerged and travelling when I heard the sudden and brief screams of the two men,” the man said.

“Did you see the magic he cast?” she asked, resting her face in her hands.

“Not at all, my lady. Just the hand extended before I left.”

“Hmm,” she mused, closing her eyes to think.

Perhaps it is similar to what I hear he used in the tournament. I am interested to know what it was. In any case…

“And the aftermath?” she asked, opening her eyes to look at them.

“His guard detail has been tripled in the castle. Doubled in the district. Our contract is fulfilled,” Dallun said with a nod.

“I suppose it is,” she replied with a wry look before reaching down to her feet.

She tossed a small bag of a few gold coins towards the shadowspawn and Dallun caught it in a smooth motion.

“By your leave,” Dallun said and the three shadowspawn bowed to her.

“You are excused,” she replied without looking back up.

Instead, her eyes returned to the parchments, scrolls and books on her table. With the king safer, she allowed herself to breathe a little. She knew she would have to compensate the shadowspawn the next time she wanted their services but at the very least, they had done what she wanted.

The former king still had supporters in the city and the king’s meagre protection would have to be sufficient for the issues on the horizon. She had gotten her share of whispers and none of them sounded good. To be truthful, she feared that things were going to get worse. And she had no idea if things would ever be good anymore.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|Hiya to everyone expecting a chapter today. 

Apologies but chapter will be posted tomorrow. 

Easter holidays and all. (We get Fridays and Mondays off as bank holidays over here in the UK) 

Next week will return to Mondays so no worries about it changing the schedule. 

Oh...

I hope you all have a wonderful Easter so far!!All I see around me is darkness.

Darkness at all angles, at every rotation and even when I close my eyes, which is happening far too often and far too frequent. I understand what it means, and for some reason, I feel the it warm me to the core. It will mean an end to my life, as I know it, and honestly, it is far better than drifting in the endless expanse of space.

My oxygen level is dangerously low and everything is beginning to feel foggy.

As I said before, I am looking forward to the end. If there was no tear on my oxygen tank, I would be drifting for a while in space which is nothing short of a depressing thought, especially if I can't call for transport on account of the walkie floating aimless somewhere in the midst of the wreckage.

I let my eyes drift over what used to be my ship.

I watch as the dead bodies of my crew mates float around the scene like debris.

To think that, a day ago, we were dreaming of returning home. Back to Earth.

And now, I guess we'll all be heading towards a different home.

I reflect on my life and my accomplishments. I think about my parents. About Jessie, my wife. Pain shoots through me as I remember the excitement we both got from me informing her on my eventual return. And now, I won't get to see her ever again. My breathing slows and I blink, my eyes closing for far longer than it should.

As it opens again to the blurry darkness on the other side of my glass helmet, something bright happens in the distance. Like a tear of blinding light, though it only seems to worsen the blurriness I'm already experiencing. A few seconds later and a shockwave of sorts hits me and I spin wildly.

And then I hear something. Something different. Something odd. Like a scratching in my ear that my gloved hand would be far too grubby to itch.

"\\\\**/\\|\\\\\\/\\///\\|||**\\\\\\/\\"

I feel a new kind of pain. Like a headache of sorts. It pulls me away from the blurriness of death and back into the stark reality of my condition. I gasp in pain as my head throbs in a manner I've never felt before. It feels like a hand is under my skull, probing and pressing. Still writhing in the pain, I hear the sound again.

"\\\\e//\\ a\\**//\\|||m\\\\\\/|/|**i"

The pain is greater this time around and I lose control of my body. Memories of my life flash in increasingly succession in front of me, like a video reel playing backwards. I feel the explosion that ripped the ship apart rewind itself. I see my walk with Natalie as she briefed me on the ships' shortages. I see the mess deck. I see my bedroom. I see the captain's share. I see and I see more.

A glimpse of a goodbye kiss from Jessie. A glimpse of a handshake from a superior. The last pancake I had. The last cup of tea I drank. More and more. They all blend into a concoction that makes me come close to unconsciousness, but just as sudden as it had began, it finishes.

Ragged breath leaves me and I struggle to breath. And then I struggle no more.

The warning in my suit has defaulted back to 100%. Confusion masks my face. And then I hear the sound once more. A bass heavy voice that  surrounds me and reverbs all around me. I see the blackness in the distance move, like a rippling of the sky. Whatever it is moves towards me, or perhaps glide is better.

"**Tell me, Earthling. Where am I?**" the voice asks before adding, "**Which universe am I in?**"

I swallow and considering playing dead until I feel myself moving towards the ever shifting darkness. I shout a speedy answer in hopes it can hear me. My whole body is fighting against the moving but I am stuck in place, moving forward. Panic floods into me and I find myself praying to a deity I don't believe in. After a while, the movement stops and I get the intense feeling that whatever moved me is looking intently at me.

So I answer.

"You're in the milky-way way galaxy! I don't know what universe," I say in fear.

"**Good. It would seem I made it back in time**..."

\---The sounds of my teeth crushing some M&Ms made all their heads swivel towards me but I don't stop or pause. I continue chewing, grabbing a handful every couple seconds and chucking into my mouth. There's sweat glistening on all their heads and I know why. They think I don't and they probably think their colleagues are as oblivious as they are. But I know.

"Is someone going to put out the fire?" I said eventually and they all seemed to jump from my voice.

Mary walked briskly to the small kitchen in the office to get a bowl of water, while Martin walked towards where the extinguisher was. Keisha and Tim stood in place, their gaze going from the burning trash can to me and back again. Mary returned first, flicking the bowl of water towards the fire. I don't move my eyes from her though. Her eyes glistened even as the water hit the object. The fire died out almost instantly, and the rest of the water splashed around the trashcan and the floor.

I turn my gaze immediately to Tim who clenched his fist almost reactively as he danced away from the splashes of water. The wet rug seemed to dry up.

"Oh wow! I wonder how the trashcan caught fire like that!" Keisha exclaimed, her voice rising higher than it usually was. In the manner that I've noticed to imply as her trying to hide a lie.

"It was unexpected really. Thanks for the water, Mary" Tim replied, wiping his sweat away.

I crunched on some more M&Ms as I watched. Tim only sweat that much whenever he thought he was in trouble. I mean, he could be if everyone else stopped worrying about their damn selves and actually paid attention to the world outside their minds. I shrugged slightly, grunting in the process.

"It was nothing really," Mary said sweetly, her eyes still on the trashcan.

Martin returned back with the extinguisher, looking dishevelled. His eyes darted around quickly and I saw the panic rising in his mind even before he spoke.

"What happened to the fire?" he asked.

"Mary handled it. She put it out. Strange fire, wasn't it?" Keisha replied. Her voice was still high and she was teetering on her toes.

"Ah yes... Thanks, Mary..." Martin replied. his breathing fast and somewhat shallow.

It was then Mary looked up from the trashcan and blushed, instinctively moving away from the group. I allowed myself a small smile as I throw some more chocolate flavoured nuts into my mouth.

"It was nothing really. Nothing at all. I will head back to work now..." she said and turning immediately. The rest all nodded profusely and hurried back to their cubicle.

With them gone, I smiled wider and hooted quietly to myself. If they really paid attention to the outside world, outside their private thoughts, then maybe they wouldn't have panicked as much. After all, this is the first time none of them have started an issue with their powers. The lit cigarette in the trashcan was an inspired idea, to be honest.

It is always nice to watch them squirm every now and then. It's the only thing that made the office fun these days.

\---The chair I'm sitting on is cold but I'm sweating. Much more than I should, If I'm being honest. I can see and feel the sweat patches growing underneath my shirt but I ignore it. My attention is primarily directed to the panel of questioners sitting on a raised platform, all looking down on me. Raised heads, flared nostrils and contempt in their eyes. One would think I personally offended them. I dab my forehead to dry the sweat forming on it. My hands are shaking. I guess it is warranted. No one ever delivers devastating news without shaking. The world government have chosen five questioners to interview me and see if I am jail-worthy. I hope not. I recognise the familiar faces of Questioner Judy, Sir Mark Bradford and Questioner Mara. I have watched them on the holodeck a few times during my breaks at the office when I was still there. There is someone who looks like Questioner Leyton but I can't be too sure. I don't recognise the last questioner, though they looked remarkably young to be sitting there.

Behind me, there are rows and rows of journalists and reporters, with their cameras trained on me. I can't help but think about their headlines tomorrow. Some of them will most likely mock me, with my profuse sweating and my damp clothes. Regardless, that is inconsequential. I glance at the glass of water in front of me, resting on the table along with some of the files I have been working on. I inhale and then exhale heavily.

"For the record, I am going to confirm that you have consented to be recorded for the entirety of this questioning as well as retention of said recording for a minimum duration of five years. Is that correct?" one of the aides of the Questioners say to me, standing just underneath the platform of her bosses. There's a chair behind her, as well as a table with a computer on it.

I nod.

"Please say it out loud, Mr Devram," the woman repeats.

"It is right. I agree to the conditions."

"Thank you. Recording has now begun and I shall leave it to the Questioners to take it from here," she says before taking her seat.

\\---

"Mr Devram. You have been called in today to answer to the incident that occurred in the Saint Matthew Institute, three months ago, for which you have been charged with inciting genocide. This is a grave offense for which you will be sentenced if we decide you are dangerous to society. The record I have here says you released a missive or thesis, as you may believe it is called regarding the extermination of everyone born post 2155. You were subsequently fired from your job as a Bio-Etherialist. Am I right so far?" one of the questioners, Sir Mark Bradford, asked, sitting slightly to the right in front me.

"It is true," I reply.

"After that, as the news cycle began to record some deaths, you began to preach your thesis more and more to any available ear, claiming that it is proof for the deaths?" the questioner continues.

"Yes, sir."

"Can you explain why?"

"To explain, I will have to go into my field as a Bio-Etherialist. Is that okay?" I stammer a question towards the questioners and they all nod.

I clear my throat and calm my nerves before continuing.

"Bio-Etherialism is the field of study that got born out of the spiritual boom of 2099, where some scientists found quantifiable evidence of the soul, or soul property that exists within all humans. While it is still not a popularly held position, all living beings possess some sort of soul identity which is given to it at the moment of the being's awareness."

"Awareness meaning birth," another questioner says. She was directly in front of me.

"Negative. Awareness meaning awareness, Questioner Judy. A fetus gets aware a few weeks into pregnancy and while it might not have opened its eyes yet or cried yet, it has some form of awareness."

"Understood. Continue," she says with a nod.

"Among my field of studies and within my group, we held the majority belief that beings without a soul property are not alive, and we had some evidence to corroborate this," I continue my explanation before seeing one of the male questioners raise their hand. I believe that is Questioner Leyton but I am unsure.

"What kind of evidence did you have?" the questioner asks.

"Stillbirths, mostly. Miscarriages. The research a colleague of mine did made claims to the latter being a result of a soul rich body denying the soul-less body from developing any further and thus, forcing a termination of the pregnancy."

"And what is the name of your colleague?" the questioner asks again.

"Matthias Jameson."

I extend my hand towards the glass of water on the table in front of me and I take a small sip to wet my throat. The woman sitting in front of me seems to be taking notes. There is a sense of calm I'm feeling, and I'm unsure if it's because I am finally explaining my thesis or if I have just given up in the face of everything.

"My thesis is based on a research I began with another colleague of mine, Anna Dryar. We sought to see if there was any case of people being born without a soul property, if it was possible and what it could mean. We, of course, strove to ensure all ethical practices were held in the process. We couldn't test with pregnant women as there would be no way to have a controlled test. So we instead build a fetus in the lab and then utilised an incubator for the final processes. At awareness level, for the twenty case we began, nothing happened. Whatever stimuli they had been exhibiting before then ceased."

"Meaning?" Questioner Catherine asks.

"They all died," I respond.

"We were beginning to feel pretty discouraged by this point because, as you can tell, 20 fetuses is more or less 20 years of study with no payoff. I had opted to call it on the research but Anna Dryar decided to take a different angle. Without my knowledge, she began a research into the fundamentals of Bio-Etherialism and proposed a theory, I increasingly believe is true. She sought to understand what happened to a person's soul property at the point of their death. And that led to her theorising that at the time of any person's death, the property is released back into the ethereal plain. And at the awareness level of the birth cycle, a soul property gets pulled from the ethereal plain," I say.

"In other words, if I'm following this correctly, when a person dies, they release the soul that has been in them and that same soul gets put into a new body," Questioner Judy asks.

"Yes, ma'am."

"How does all this relate to your thesis? You've spent a fair few moments giving us a lesson we could have skipped," Questioner Judy says, waving her hand dismissively.

"Apologies, ma'am. It is so that I can explain the next bit. My..., No... *Our* thesis, because Anna helped me with it, suggested something dire instead. The economic and social records, as well as the health system of our world has only gotten better and more efficient over the years, but as a result, we are quite frankly overpopulating our world. We have more people being born than they are dying."

"Still waiting for the punchline, Mr Devram. I have gym in an hour," Questioner Mara says, a smug smile on her lips.

The crowd of journalists and some of her colleagues chuckle at the joke and I laugh nervously.

*The punchline is coming, you pompous dimwit.*

"We were worried that, with our planet being overrun by too much of us, that we will suffer an abundance of stillbirth once the ethereal plane is emptied. We were naive, albeit by our limited knowledge."

"So your thesis was wrong?" She asks.

"It suffered from lack of new information."

"Such as?"

"Levels to the ethereal plane," I pause as I drink again, readying myself for what I am about to suggest,"Our belief in the soul property, made us understand that there had to be an ethereal plane where the soul would be until needed. We believed it would just be one location. One pot. We failed to take in the research of our religious counterparts who theorised that the plane was not singular. That there were more than just one levels to the plane."

"What does this all mean, Mr Devram?" Questioner Judy asks.

"If we say that the ethereal plane holds all human souls, and that plane is emptied. What would happen next, is the natural law of things. The body, in awareness, will strive to pull from the empty plane until it gives up. In 2154, we had a record number of stillbirths and for a while, we believe it was a plague or a virus running through the world, but by 2155, babies are being born in record numbers. It is my believe, as well as that of my thesis, that we have broken into a new ethereal plane that we should not have access to."

The hall goes silent for a few minutes as everyone tries to take in what I have said. I can see them working it in their minds. If they are smart, they should be able to see what I'm trying to insinuate here.

"And what plane will this be?" Sir Bradford asks quietly.

"If I'm to theorise, I would say," I swallow and dab my forehead, "Hell."|||
|:-|:-|


The afternoon sun hung in the sky like a static ball of fire, unwilling to move and worse yet, unwilling to give any heat. Even as it illuminated the city, the merchants, traders and the Elemirans who lived in the city still dressed as if it were mid-winter. 

Cold air blew down from the north, whistling as it navigated itself through the houses, shops and districts of the Golden City. The scent of hot food permeated the air as if to counter the chill that had descended on the city. 

The streets in the elite districts of the city were largely unused, save for the few carriages which journeyed between noble houses. The cauldrons of fire burned brightly in front of the noble houses as if to motivate the sun to do its job. Still, it emanated some warmth and a few of the patrolling guards stopped to enjoy it. 

In the castle, the situation was no different from outside with long unlit halls retaining the cold of the night before. It was still noon and yet, there were already discussions on whether the lights and lamps should be lit or left until the sun began to dip towards the horizon. 

It is in the same weather that two men circled each other, locked in a dance of swords, albeit wooden. Surrounded by some of the palace guards, the king’s guards, Lord Harlin of House Doe and Lord Dekkar of House Tevan, Xioden and Kattus made sure to keep a distance between themselves. 

Already, he had gained a few welts on his ribs and his left thigh but he couldn’t bring himself to stop. He wanted to expend the stress and the pent up energy that had been building since he took the throne. He needed the exercise or as well as something close to the exertion. 

His first choice could not be attainable, not because it was impossible but more because he had come to understand that news travelled fast. And tales of the king bedding a woman from Lady Unora’s courts was sure to set tongues wagging to the nearest listener. And he couldn’t risk it. 

Especially when his eyes lay on a finer prize. The finest he had ever seen. 

Juggling the wooden sword between his left and right hand, he stopped and took a stance to face his guard, bending his knees slightly in preparation for the attack he had been thinking of. Kattus stopped moving and took a defensive stance, turning his body to expose only one side to him. 

“Are you certain you wish to continue?” Kattus asked with a smile on his face. 

“You are beginning to sound worried, friend. Stand at the ready. I come,” Xioden replied with a small laugh before leaping forward.  

The wooden sword blurred in his hand, a horizontal swipe making its way to Kattus’ ribs before being stopped by the guard’s sword. The wooden sticks clacked against each other as Xioden began his barrage of attacks. 

Pushing the attack, he forced Kattus back, doing his best to not give the guard any time to recover his balance. The man was sharp and had repeatedly shown a penchant for waiting at the last moment to counter, shifting the battle in his favour. Xioden hoped to break that. At least through the sword training he had gained in the city. 

Back in Nafri, he had come to understand that most battles to the death, if it was to be ‘to the death’ had no concept of honour and dignity to it. His mother and some of the uncles that lived in the village had given him a piece of advice on that front. 

*“A battle to kill is deadly and dirty. Why must you fight clean to win?”* 

And even as he attacked, he had already seen some ideas that might have worked in his favour. But he was a king. And he couldn’t allow himself to revert to his Nafri ways. Especially as it wasn’t a battle to the death.

As if on cue, he saw the light in Kattus’ eyes focus and he bent, narrowly dodging the sword slash that had been aiming for his head. Before he could recover, he saw the man’s knee rise and he barely blocked the knee to his face. 

Staggering back, Kattus used the time to attack and Xioden sidestepped the first few attacks with relative ease, still clutching his nose. 

“That was dangerous,” he said. 

“You’re the one that wanted to train in his weather. And here,” Kattus replied. 

“Be that as it may,” Xioden said before pressing his attack once more. 

Back and forth they went, to the silent audience that gathered to watch their little duel. Xioden knew that the guard was going easy on him, not to say that he was a bad fighter, but the guard was more experienced. 

After what seemed like forever, Xioden let the wooden sword fall from his hand and he had to grab onto one of the courtyards to steady himself. Sweat glistened his dark skin as he stretched. A few female servants, scurrying by the courtyard, slowed down a little bit more to ogle him, only to run whenever they met the eyes of one of the guards in the courtyard. 

A sigh escaped him. It had been a while since he worked himself and the feeling was comforting. The stress that had accumulated over the weeks had reduced and he found himself in a somewhat happy mood. 

Motioning to a servant for a towel, he looked around the courtyard. Some of the palace guards had broken off to continue their watch around the building. The others talked quietly between each other, no doubt, debating the sword fight between him and Kattus. Kattus himself already had a towel draped over his head as he spoke quickly to a few of his men. 

From where he stood, Xioden couldn’t hear what was said and he wasn’t bothered about it. He felt good and in the moment, that was all he cared about. 

“Your majesty,” he heard the soft voice of Lord Dekkar next to him. 

“Dekkar,” Xioden replied with a short nod. 

“The lord from Iresha has left the city. He’s being escorted by a few of my men until he gets to the ships at the very least,” Lord Dekkar updated him. 

“And the letter to the Assembly?” he asked. 

“They’ve received it and replied. They are saddened by the turn of events but they don’t hold Elemira to blame. Not yet,” Lord Dekkar replied. 

“That’s all very well then. Child steps but steps nonetheless,” Xioden replied before raising his head, “Kattus?” 

“My lord?” Kattus replied, shifting his attention from his men to him. 

“Come over.”

Kattus answered with a nod before quietly dismissing his men. As he walked over, he picked up his undershirt from the small spindly tree to the side where he had let it hang and joined him and Lord Dekkar’s circle. 

“Kattus has been working with Mara, a young healer, to determine the cause of death for the first corpse,” he said, addressing the lord of House Tevan before asking Kattus, “Your men are still searching for bodies, I take it?” 

“Aye. Nothing has turned up yet and no one is talking. I was thinking-” Kattus said before cutting off as a burst of laughter emanated from a group of guards. 

Kattus frowned at them for a moment before barking, “Get to your posts!”

At once, the laughter died down as the guards scurried away like servants in trouble. Xioden suppressed a grin, doing his best to maintain a straight face. 

“As I was saying, with your orders I can be a little bit tougher,” Kattus said. 

“No need. Not yet. As it stands, the search seems arbitrary. No one knows who we’re looking for. And the ones who do are keeping it to themselves,” Xioden began, waving for his garments. A servant ran over to offer a black undershirt that shimmered in the sun’s glow. 

“I’d like to catch the murderer. That’s more important,” Xioden finished, pulling the shirt over his head. 

“Murderer? There are dozens of murderers in the lower districts of Elemira. I understand it is something you wish to change but finding a murderer now would be useless,” Lord Dekkar said. 

Xioden turned to the man, staring at him for a few moments before shaking his head and exclaiming.

“Right! You’re not up to date,” Xioden said. 

“Your majesty?” Lord Dekkar said, a brow rising in confusion. 

“The Ireshan lord, and I suspect all the missing lords too, were murdered. From what the healer could make out, whoever did it won’t be living in the lower districts. Not with that kind of skill,” he said, straightening his shirt. 

“And preservation tools. The body was dead for a long time. And there were minimal signs of decay,” Kattus added. 

“Ah, now I understand why you sent the two to the library,” Lord Harlin chimed in, walking to join their discussion. 

“I figured the library might have some information as to preserving dead bodies. If not from the records of this age, then perhaps something from the old world,” Xioden said, nodding in agreement with the lord of House Doe. 

“In other words, a man or woman related to a noble house. Someone wealthy...” Lord Dekkar said quietly. 

Xioden’s mood soured then. The implication was as clear as day and he had done his best to not think about that possibility. It was one thing to be the focus of someone’s assassination plan. But somehow, three men with no relation or connection to him had been murdered. Intentionally.

*At least, one of them has been. There’s no saying if the rest are in the same state. Kyteka damn them. It’s always something new.* 

“It would appear so, Lord Dekkar,” he said just as quietly. 

“This is a dangerous conversation to have in the open, my lord,” Kattus said, glancing around as naturally as he could. 

“Regardless of whether or not it is in the open, this conversation became dangerous the moment you and Mara discovered what you found,” Xioden said with a small shrug. 

Silence filled the air as the men considered what they had been discussing. After the feedback he had gotten from Kattus, he had spent considerable time thinking about why their unknown murderer had gone through the effort of preserving that which was already dead. 

*Unless, perhaps, there’s a fetish that is in the act itself…*

Stretching once more, he stifled a yawn and his mind wandered towards the dining room. The exercise with Kattus had drained him and hunger was beginning to gnaw at him. He glanced around the courtyard for a servant and just as he opened his mouth, a familiar feeling caught him by surprise. 

Without meaning to, he found himself gently caressing his left arm. The servant in his sights jerked up and disappeared out of sight but he didn’t care. The itch in his arm was beginning to intensify. It wasn’t until he felt a hand on his shoulder that he snapped out of…

*What was happening…?* He thought as he looked down as his arm. Tearing his gaze from the markings on his skin, he saw his three companions looking at him strangely, thought Kattus shook his head almost imperceptibly. 

“How should we proceed, your majesty?” Lord Dekkar asked, anger flashing across his face so sudden that Xioden almost missed it.

“We continue as is. I’ll need feelers sent out between the nobles houses. I understand that you trust your courts, but check every stone if you can. It is important we ferret out who this person is,” he said, doing his best not to grit his teeth from the pain in his arm. 

“Your majesty,” Lord Dekkar replied and gave a quick curt bow before leaving the courtyard through a corridor on his left. 

Xioden scowled and looked at the other two.  

“Harlin, I’ll need you to lend your eyes and hands to Kattus and Mara. Find out the sort of preservation that is being used. It might help us narrow down the culprit,” he said, directing his attention at Lord Harlin. 

He turned to face Kattus when a figure ran into the courtyard, panting. He frowned and walked towards the guard who knelt before him. Red accents at the edges of his coat told Xioden that he was looking at one of Dekkar’s men. 

“If it is your lord you seek, he just went down that-” Xioden began slowly. 

“Apologies, your majesty. I bring you urgent news,” the guard said hastily. The man sounded out of breath and Xioden wondered if it had anything to do with why his arm had begun to itch. 

“What happened?” he asked. 

“Sire. The ship carrying the Ireshan visitor went up in smoke. And before we could act, it detonated,” the guard said, now visibly trembling. 

“Damn me,” Kattus swore under his breath. 

Xioden closed his eyes, tensing up for a few moments before opening them to gaze at his left arm which had stopped itching. Anger rose up in him and he did his best not to shake. 

"Gather the rest council. Everyone. I know Lord Timon is not here but get everyone else. Get them now," Xioden said, his voice harder than steel. 

Kattus nodded and set off, barking orders at some of the guards who had been watching. The guards set off in different directions at once.

Setting his eyes on the guard that was still kneeling in front of him, he said,

"Your lord just went down that corridor…" he pointed to where Lord Delmar had gone through, "...Chase him down. Tell him to return. The council has been summoned."

\---

Using his pocket cloth to wipe the sweat off his forehead, Sir Merlyn Ostler tried to calm his nerves. He reread the letter in front of him once more, to ensure he wasn’t misunderstanding the message it contained. He closed it and allowed himself to breathe. The air in the Hall didn’t feel as pure as it usually felt. 

Standing from behind the desk, he began to pace the length of the floor, with the clack of his shoes resonating through the hall. It was a midweek afternoon and as such, the hall was usually empty unless an emergency meeting was called. 

One of which he had done a few minutes ago. 

*“The Assembly of Law is to convene at the Hall of Assembly.”*

That had been his message. 

The Hall of Assembly was a renovated building from the old world, retrofitted to fit the needs of the current age. Tall bronze colour columns rose from the ground until it towered over thirty feet, supporting a large dome covering that shielded against the elements. 

Large leather-clad seating spaces were placed around in a circle, with cushions placed on them for comfort. Around each chair was a small table with locked drawers as well as a small lamp that was placed at the feet of the chair. The room was built to act as a meeting point for the lords and ladies of Iresha, and as a result, it doubled as a social club for their private parties. 

Except for days like today, when important talk was to be held as to the future of the nation. 

As he paced, Sir Merlyn’s mind wandered. The war with Nafri was stalemated, though the Nafri were beginning to gain small advantages. More men had been sent to bolster the forces at the front line, with another squadron prepping for a flanking assault. 

Their missive to Elemira had been a ploy. A small long-term plan of conserving their forces and expending that of their allies. And now, due to a surprise attack by the Nafri, they had been forced to use their trump card early. 

Disgust welled up in him as he thought on the nation that lay south of Iresha. The Nafri were well known to be savages, unwilling to trade at the worst of times with little concession on their best days. They dressed like barbarians and fought with no dignity. He, as well as the Assembly, had read the reports from the front. They had no honour. 

His disgust morphed back into concern as his mind returned to the letter on the table in the middle of the hall. The letter was an oil flask ready to explode and he didn’t know how to mitigate the explosion. If he handled it wrongly, it could spell the end of Iresha as they knew it to be. And he couldn’t let it happen. 

Not while he was still alive, at the very least. 

|Next update:|*29th October 2019*|
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Laksha hefted the spear in his arm and threw it with all his might, aiming for the Ireshan captain standing at the back of the defensive line. The man was barking others at the soldiers in front of him and Laksha knew there would be no other moment to strike such as the one that presented himself. 

From where he stood, a small cliff overlooking the end of the swamp-marches between the nations, he could see the layout of the land before him. The skirmish still raged with both sides still struggling to find a hold on which they could capitalise on. 

For every success Nafri gained, the Ireshans would attack with a surprising cunning tactic and the advantage would be gone. And the advantage of their hardened skin had failed once the pale-skinned men had begun using hammers and clubs as their weapons instead of swords, arrows and spears. 

In all his years of battle, he knew a weapon change like that was not something that came on the spot. Experience with the Nafri had yielded that knowledge and the only man who looked like he had some experience was the Nafri captain he was looking at. Or at least, he thought. In either case, a captain down was an advantage that could hardly be criticised. 

He watched as the spear sailed through the air, spinning slightly as it did, and he moved to hide back within the tall shrubs that dotted the cliff-side. He just needed the spear to hit before he changed his position. As if sensing his death, he saw the captain turn in time for the spear to pierce him through his midriff. 

Laksha smiled and was about to take off when he saw another Nafri sprinting into the battle below. He frowned before scrambling away from the edge of the cliff. Red tattoo lines marked the face of the Nafri man he had seen but it was the crazed eyes that told him all he needed to know. 

He had heard of them before when he was younger. Firewalkers. One of the weapons of the Ratan tribe. It had been drilled into him from when he was a little boy that *‘when the Firewalkers run, you must be faster than them*’. 

Without waiting to see if it was true or not, he turned and ran for his dear life. 

\---

Mika Masson was shouted rushing forward to meet another Nafri in battle. His club was bloodied and he could feel the strain in his grip as his hands hurt from the repeated bashing he had to do to put them down for good. Still, it was a job to be done and one he had to excel at, else, the country would be lost. 

At least, that was what his captain had told him. 

The Nafri warrior ahead of him shouted a battle-cry and rushed forward to meet him with a short spear in one hand and a buckler in the other. 

He kept running until they had gotten close to each other, after which he faked as if to advance closer. The warrior took that as an opportunity to attack and thrust the spear out in front of him which was what Mika had been expecting. 

He moved to the side dodging the thrust before bringing his club down hard on the warrior’s hand. He heard the warrior shout in pain and he repeated the attack once more, forcing the spear to drop from his opponent’s hand. He stepped on the short spear and raised the club high up when he felt something slam into him, throwing him off his feet. 

Mika hit the ground and he turned the action into a roll to get back to his feet. Unfortunately, the Nafri warrior had already been charging towards him. He brought his club hand up in time to guard his face but the hit still dazed him and he found himself on the floor once more, his face slamming into the mud below. 

He grunted and swung the club in the direction of the blurry shadow that moved towards him and he heard a similar grunt to his. 

Using the sound as a cue to move, he crawled away from the blurred outline of his attacker until his vision began to clear. He got to his feet in time to dodge the warrior’s next attack with his buckler. Mika took advantage of the attack, thrusting the club hard at his attacker’s side. 

The warrior grunted, moved by the hit, and swung his buckler wide. Mika narrowly dodged the attack before swinging his club once more, catching the warrior by the chin. The Nafri man fell to his knees and Mika held the club high above him, bringing it down with all his might. He kept bludgeoning the Nafri warrior until he was sure the man was dead.

Staggering on his feet, he let out a breath and looked around where he stood. As if coming out of a daze, the sounds and shouts of battle assaulted him and he fell on one knee. 

Mika used his club to steady himself, placing it on the muddied ground to lean on. Around him, his companions were winning against the Nafri and they had the advantage in numbers. The remaining warriors were surrounded by two or more Ireshan soldiers, holding blunt weapons. 

A smile formed on his face and he winced from a slight pain on his lips. His vision blurred once more but it was still clear enough that he ignored it. Letting out a sigh of relief, he forced himself back to his feet and took a step forward to join his colleagues in routing out the rest of the Nafri. 

At the rate at which the battles were going, the swamplands would be theirs before nightfall and they could start the invasion on Nafri land properly. And for the first time since the war began, he couldn’t help but smile at the progress. 

It was on his second step that he noticed an unarmed Nafri warrior running directly towards them. He could see red tattoos on the Nafri’s face though it was the crazed eyes that made him start hobbling towards his colleagues in haste. Something was wrong with the man and he couldn’t understand why. 

“Stop him,” he croaked, his voice hurting from the effort. 

Mika tried increasing his speed when a spear whizzed overhead past him and he turned to see it travel towards where the captain stood. He glanced at the Nafri man for a brief moment, deeming him to be a non-issue before racing towards the captain. 

He knew the action was useless with the spear already in flight and moving faster than he could run but he couldn’t stop himself from moving. 

“Captain! Watch out for the spear-” he called when the ground shook and exploded under his feet. 

\---

Chief Elesa took a look through the looking glass and allowed himself a small smile. It had been a while since he had seen the results and it pleased him that he could still perform the ritual perfectly. After all, if he had failed, he would be dead and the tribe would have begun the ceremony to pick a new chief. 

He sniffed, rubbing his nose before turning around to face the four other Nafri in the room. Three men and two women, with their mouths sealed and their eyes wide. He had only gotten five volunteers when he expressed the king’s wish to restart the rituals once more. 

A few of his tribesmen had expressed their thoughts on the matter, deeming it a dishonourable way to battle, especially after it had already been outlawed. The women argued they didn’t want to lose their sons and daughters to a process that stripped the volunteers of their personality and used them as objects. 

He had put his foot down then. 

“If any of you wish to change the act of which we are known for, then come and kill me. The king has ordered firewalkers and I will give him his weapons. You can either join me or let the earth take you,” he had said. 

The dissenters had simply shaken their heads and walked away. 

Still, five volunteers were not enough. He needed more to be able to raze Iresha to the ground. Five would change the war, of that much he was certain but more would change the world. It was why his predecessors had begun the ritual in the first place. They were just unfortunate that he wasn’t alive in those years to help them perfect it. 

He pointed towards one of the men kneeling before him and opened his mouth to speak when the flaps of his tent opened and a servant ran in to kneel before him. 

“I have a message, Chief Elesa,” the servant said, a slim Nafri man that looked young enough to be his child. 

“What is the message, my child?” he asked. 

“King Tekuni asks for your presence. He has recalled all the other chiefs to the main camp,” the servant said. 

“For what reason?” he asked, frowning. 

“I don’t know, sir. He just says it is important and that you need to report to him at once. He also said that you should stop the attacks with the Firewalkers,” the man replied. 

Chief Elesa frowned at that, rubbing his chin. It was one thing to be called to see the king, it was another for the king to stop their war engagements. He looked at the Firewalkers kneeling in front of him and he sighed. He had been looking forward to seeing the hazard they would have caused. 

He looked at the servant and nodded at him. 

“I will be with the king shortly,” he said and the man exited the tent. 

He returned his gaze to the men and women looking straight ahead. Drawing on the magic in him, he grabbed hold of the command staff he used to control their detonations. 

“Sleep,” he said in an old tongue, his voice amplified by the magic he held. 

At once, all four Nafri slumped to the floor and Elesa released the magic he was holding. He watched them for a few extra seconds before nodding to himself and exiting the tent. 

\---

Sir Merlyn turned the page on the book he was reading, using the short break to take a sip out of the mug of ale he had on the table next to him. 

It was early evening, with lamps already being lit to stave off the oncoming darkness. The quiet hubbub of shops closing and merchants returning to their houses filled the streets and if not for the war they were having with Nafri, he would have been feeling content. 

But he could not be content. Not yet. 

Sighing, he closed the book and placed it back down as he got to his feet. The little manor house he lived in was placed in the centre of the Parasel. With Parasel being the capital of Iresha, it only made sense for him to live here.

His mates had laughed at that, mocking his unwillingness to choose one of the lesser-known districts and erecting a home that displayed the affluence he held. But he didn't mind. After all, his idea of affluence was on more than just money. 

On the balcony he was on, he could see the market Street directly ahead of him. He could only see the top of the domed Hall of Assembly. Wide streets opened below him with carriages and merchant carts going back and forth. 

Merlyn enjoyed the 'sounds' of the city. It made him feel like he was part of the people. One of them. He could feel a connection to their struggles and their worries and it was a feeling he was grateful for. 

He heard a short knock on his door and he glanced back as the door opened to Sir Escanor, who strode in without an introduction. 

"Merlyn," the man began, "I have to say that this is madness!" 

Sir Merlyn gave the world around him one last glance before turning and walking back into the room. 

"What mistake is this again?" He asked with a tired sigh. 

“Sending a letter to those savages about a truce! Why on this damned green earth would make you do such a thing?” Sir Escanor bellowed. 

Merlyn regarded him for a moment, thinking of the best response he could give the man in order to be left alone.

“Pragmatism, Escanor. Pragmatism,” he said after a while. 

“Explain yourself, Merlyn!” the man said. 

“I am sure you have heard the phrase that ‘*The enemy of my enemy…’*, right?” he began, looking at Sir Escanor, who nodded impatiently, “... My plan was in the spirit of that.”

“Think about it… If Elemira is planning to betray us, we would have to fight a war on two fronts. And with the attack two days ago by Elemiran soldiers, hurting both us and the Nafri, it only goes to show that we can have a common enemy instead of a three-way war,” he said, taking a seat just by the fireplace. 

Sir Escanor frowned for a moment and Merlyn watched quietly as the lord considered the information. 

“The problem is whether or not they would believe us. We can’t go easy on them,” Sir Escanor said, grumbling as he did. 

“Agreed. But I have been thinking about the war from the beginning. The conditions, with the information we now have, only points to Elemira being the enemy that we must fight,” Merlyn said, using a hand to cover his mouth as he yawned. 

“What do you mean?” Sir Escanor asked, taking a seat on the couch opposite him. 

“Think about it, friend. This war started when Nafri attacked, didn’t it?”

“The memory is still fresh, Merlyn. It’s not like it happened last year,” the man replied in an annoyed tone. 

“I remember a report from the front lines. One of the battle cries of the Nafri that attacked our outpost. One of the soldiers remembered a shout of ‘This is for our people. You will pay!’. Or something of the sort.” 

“It’s not the first time Nafri and Iresha have had skirmishes.”

“No, it’s not. But if Elemira can brazenly attack us and Nafri from the sea, whilst promising to send some of their soldiers to us for aid, the same soldiers we now know they plan to use to betray us and take over, is it too absurd that they could have planned the war too?” Merlyn asked, tapping the side of his head. 

Sir Escanor went quiet once more, rubbing his chin in deep thought. Merlyn did his best to suppress the smile that now wanted to form on his face. He knew that he had already won the argument against his friend but he didn’t want to celebrate too early. 

“Well… when you put it that way,” the man said slowly. 

“Besides, the letter for truce is wasted if the Nafri don’t agree. They need to be on board for the plan to work, if not, then we need to crush them once and for all,” he said with a shrug. 

“You make it sound easy, “ Sir Escanor said with a grin. 

“It almost always is, Escanor. Humanity is foolish. And anyone who can exploit that can win at anything.” 

“Anything?” 

“Anything they damn well please to exploit,” he said, with a small smile. 

“And I take it you have a way to exploit ‘Humanity’ as you put it,” Sir Escanor replied with a wide grin on his face. 

“Of course,” he said, his smile widening, “We paint Elemira as the attackers that sparked the war, using the remains of our attackers. We use some word of the imminent betrayal we are expected to receive.” 

“Will that be enough?” Sir Escanor asked. 

“Just about. But we seal the deal by offering them the honour of being the ones to eliminate the soldiers coming from Elemira.” 

“A simple bribe with the currency being Elemirans… You’re a shrewd man, Merlyn. I almost don’t want to ever be on your bad side,” Sir Escanor said with a shake of his head. 

The man got to his feet, chuckling to himself as he began to make his way out of his room. 

“I’m a simple man, Escanor. Besides, from what I hear, your bad side easily trumps mine,” he said, laughing quietly. 

“Semantics, High Lord Merlyn. Mere semantics.” 

With that, the man exited his room and Merlyn allowed himself to relax. He stifled a yawn and sank further into the couch. 

Explaining the letter to Sir Escanor was an unexpected surprise, one that caught him off-guard if not for the mood he was in. In truth, the letter he had sent to Nafri was far tamer than he made it seem. 

Still, he needed Nafri to believe his words, at least until Elemira had been razed to the ground and its riches were left to be plundered. It was then that he could do what he wanted and remove the savages in their entirety. Then again, perhaps he could enslave the whole nation and use them for menial tasks instead. 

He mulled the thought over before getting to his feet. The sun had set and he could feel his bed calling him. It was still early by other standards but he was done for the day and without even making the effort to undress, he walked into his bedroom and fell on his bed, allowing sleep to take him. 

|Next update:|*3rd December 2019*|
|:-|:-|My vision returns back to me and with it, a blinding headache. It assaults me with an aggressiveness I have never had to shoulder before and I frankly do not see how I outlive the night. This has been a grave mistake from the onset.

The lights are too bright, the sounds are deafening and I would kill for an absent of both but I'm the only one here. My choice. My stupid choice.

\---

The next memory wrestles me back into unconsciousness and I'm looking at my granddad playing around with a toy car. He's mumbling gibberish to himself and my attention is drawn towards to the two adults arguing in the adjoining kitchen. The man is towering over the lady and she's moving away from him, her voice increasing in pitch.

*She's shouting and crying*

I walk towards them, getting to the kitchen about the same time the man put his hands on her. She smashing through the glass and falls to the floor. It is then my granddad takes notice because he begins to cry. On instinct, I go towards him to carry him before remembering it is a memory. I turn back to catch his mum scrambling towards him, her hands bloodied from the broken glass. The man doesn't let her. He grabs her by the leg and I can feel her despair. My mouth opens with hers as his fist connects with her face.

\---

My vision changes once more and I'm back on the floor of my basement. Tears are leaking from the corners of my eyes. The headache is disabling. I can't move, and it's hard to think.

*My great-granddad was abusive.*

It doesn't excuse what my grandfather did to my family and my grandma but I can see where it began. I can see the traces in my father when he gets angry. I can see the traces in me, when I'm offended. I grit my teeth and try to get to my feet. I only manage to turn before the next memory takes me.

\---

Cold air escapes my lungs as I shiver in the snow. Two adults escorting a teenage boy and a little girl. We are all hiding behind a broken shack of a house. I move away to see what or who from. It doesn't take long. The insignia is infamous.

Just then, a sound of guns being fire echoes in the air and I hear exclamations of pain follow it. It is quick. Brief. The sound of life being cut short. The man moves quickly with his wife and children to the next hiding place, taking great care to avoid making any unnecessary noise. I lament with him silently because it wouldn't matter. The footprints are a dead giveaway.

I can see him looking at it, considering the only option to wipe them away but it would mean someone staying behind. He tries to do it, to wipe or obscure any evidence of people moving but his wife beats him to it. My great-granddad pulls on his mother's blouse but she hastily kisses him and his sister on the cheek before getting to work.

She manages to wipe out a few of the footprints before my great-granddad, distraught at the thought of his mother being in danger, called out her name in the apparent silence.

That was the mistake.

The man grabbed hold of him and his little sister, looking at his wife one last time, a longing look that would take forever to break. She whispers something to him wordlessly, and he repeats it, before vanishing into the night. I stay to watch her scramble to hide the remaining footprints. I don't stay to watch the Nazi soldiers grab her.

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden paced the floor of the dining hall, the click-clack of his shoes echoing through the columns. The food he had wished to enjoy laid untouched on the table and the hunger that had assailed him had diminished. Something else filled him. Something fiercer.

He stopped in the middle of his pacing, turning to face his council who all stood around looking just as perplexed as they did minutes ago. Not all of them stood. Lady Unora sat next to the table with a plate of grapes in front of her. He watched as she absently picked from the bunch, popping it into her mouth in a monotonous manner.

Kattus was in quiet conversations with Lord Thomas Sengh and Lord Vyas, shooting glances at the lord of House Tevan, who was being watched by a squad of Palace Guards. Xioden glanced at the man, locking eyes with him, before looking away.

Lady Kana stood by the window, facing the direction of the fading smoke in the distance. The smoke from what could only be the debris of the ship carrying Sir Richard Drutithe, an Ireshan authority that had trusted him.

He scowled and spun to face Lord Dekkar once more. He waved the man over and the lord walked with the circle of guards escorting him, their swords out of their scabbards. He could feel the attention of the room shift to him.

“For the last time, Dekkar,” he said in a low voice that sounded gravelly, “Tell me you had nothing to do with it.”

Lord Dekkar stood straighter and looked at him.

“I had nothing to do with it, your majesty. I swear on my honour, on that on my family and on that of my house name,” he replied softly.

Xioden stared at him for longer, searching his eyes for any doubt before nodding at the guards who sheathed their weapons and retreated to stand guard to the side.

“Who would do it? Who am I up against?” Xioden asked.

“I’m afraid I do not know, my lord,” Lord Dekkar replied.

“I’m sorry, your majesty but…” Lord Vyas’ voice called from across the room. The Head of House Janaya drew nearer, shooting a look of contempt at Lord Dekkar before returning his attention to him.

“...why would you pull the guards away from this despicable..” Lord Vyas was saying before stopping at Xioden’s raised hand.

“He’s not the one to blame, Vyas. I lashed out when I put him under guard,” he said with a sigh.

“But…” Lord Vyas protested.

“Nothing more, Vyas,” he said irritably, waving the lord off.

Lord Vyas gave him a slight bow before shooting another glance at Lord Dekkar. At once, the man’s features smoothed back to a calm one, a small smile forming on his lips.

“What we need to figure out is who is responsible for the attacks. Does anyone have a clue or am I have to start looking for better help?” Xioden said, his gaze lingering on Lord Vyas for a few seconds longer.

“I have some of my ladies out in the wild, your majesty. I’m afraid I have no word yet,” Lady Unora said, rising from her seat.

“The other nobles and wealthy in the city are just as quiet, my lord,” Lord Vyas added.

“The guards are still searching in the lower districts. We haven’t found anything yet,” Kattus said and Lord Thomas nodded in agreement next to him.

Xioden gritted his teeth as his anger and frustration boiled over.

“Might I suggest something, my lord?” Lord Dekkar’s voice filled the silent room.

Xioden glanced at him and gave him a slight nod.

“I believe everything you’re going through to be a machination of the former king’s. Your father,” the man said.

“To spite his Nafri bastard son,” Xioden spat.

“On the contrary, my lord. Your… father… didn’t quite think like that,” Lord Dekkar said, casting a gaze around at the other heads.

Lady Kana returned her gaze out the window a fraction to early, giving Xioden enough time to see her stiffen up. Lady Unora blushed, forcing a few more grapes into her mouth. The other men shuffled awkwardly and he frowned.

“What do you mean?” he asked.

“Everything your father did was for himself. He was selfish. Totally and completely but underneath such selfishness was a hunger of sorts,” Lord Dekkar said.

“Hunger for what?” he asked again, taking a seat at the end of the table.

“That’s what I never could find out. It was common knowledge that he schemed and made plans that surpassed our thinking or expectations. We still don’t know, for instance, the deal he made with Iresha,” Lord Dekkar said.

“And how would you know all of this, Dekkar? Were you one of his dogs?” Lord Vyas said, sneering at him.

“You forget *we* were trying to overthrow him, Vyas. I did my own research. As you did yours,” the man replied with a sudden grin.

The realisation that some of the council were scheming against the former king buffeted him but he pushed the thought aside. He wasn’t sure what to do with the information yet.

“Even if that were true, Roedran is out of the city and away from Elemira. How would he cause the current troubles with such accuracy?” Lady Kana asked.

“Ah,” Lord Vyas exclaimed quietly, scratching his chin with a finger, “This one I know.”

The room’s attention shifted to face him but he paused for greater effect before speaking.

“From what I could gather, Roedran’s loyalist usually had a brand of sorts binding them to the King,” he said before pausing and hastily adding, “I mean, the former king.”

Xioden’s eyes narrowed for a brief moment but he chose to let the offence pass. He was more concerned with the information about the brands. After all, he had one covering the entirety of his left arm and he knew all too well how the brand decided to work at random moments.

“I am unsure as to what the brand does in its entirety but I do know some things. Like, for instance, the brand is permanent. It might resemble a small tattoo or paint but short of cutting the limb holding the brand, it can’t be removed in any surgical way.

“I also heard that any branded person taking out a different, adverse action than that of what Roedran requires gets killed on the spot,” Lord Vyas sad.

“I can attest to that also, my lord,” Lord Dekkar added with a side glance at Lord Vyas.

“And how would you know that?” Kattus asked, frowning as he regarded the two lords.

Without retreating, Lord Dekkar put a hand into his cloak and removed a letter with a broken seal on it. From what he could see, he could see the wax stamp of House Tevan on it. Xioden kept silent, waiting to hear what the man had to say.

“A few days after your ascension to the throne, I lost one of my councillors. He had died in his efforts to deliver this to me,” Lord Dekkar said, waving the letter so that they could all see.

“What he didn’t know, was that I saw him from my window, hobbling along before falling to the ground. I have known the man for a long time. He was old but by the time I had gotten to him, his body had aged to bone and dust. All that was left was this letter,” the lord said before handing the letter over to him.

Xioden accepted it with a nod, opening it. He skimmed through the written words and his scowl deepened the longer he read. After what seemed like ages, he swore under his breath and thrust the letter to Kattus.

“And Roedran is away from Elemira, yes?” he asked the room.

“My sources saw when he left, my lord,” Lady Unora replied.

It was then he noticed that she had moved from her seat on the table and had joined the circle around him. Lord Harlin and Lady Kana had done the same. He watched as Kattus’ face hardened and the guard passed the letter to the noble next to him.

“Curse him. I should have taken his head when I had the chance,” Xioden roared in anger before spinning to face Kattus.

“Kattus, you have a new task. I want a search for branded people. Slaves or otherwise. If they have a brand, bring them to me. Intensify the search for the murderer as well.”

“As you command,” Kattus replied with a small bow before leaving the circle towards the door.

“Lord Thomas. How many men do we have ready to send to Iresha?” he asked.

“Five hundred strong, my lord. The others are still going through the drills I’ve put them to. They should be-” Lord Thomas was saying when he got cut off.

“Send them. Get a ship from Dekkar and send them. We will use them as a gift of appeasement while we work out what to do here,” Xioden commanded.

“As you wish, your majesty,” Lord Thomas replied before glancing at Lord Dekkar who nodded at him.

“Assist him, Dekkar. Once you’re done, return to me. We need to discuss,” Xioden said.

“Yes, my lord,” came the reply before both lords left.

“Kana, Harlin, I want you to go through the treasury and the levels of governance for Elemira. Every house, every noble. Check the other cities in Elemira as well. You find any discrepancies, you list them and bring it to me.”

“As you wish, my lord,” Lady Kana and Lord Harlin said in unison before walking away in whispers.

“Vyas. Unora. I haven't spoken to you two because I haven’t had any cause outside our regular meetings with the others. But here’s my task for you,” he began, reducing his voice to that of a whisper.

“You both understand the underbelly of the city. The dark corners and the unsaid places. Don’t argue,” he said as their mouths opened to contest. He narrowed his eyes at them and continued.

“I know. I might be Nafri but I know. There is no way an influential man like you won’t have an ear to the ground. And you, Unora… Your ladies work with men who talk. I want to know what they are talking about,” he said through gritted teeth.

Lord Vyas and Lady Unora shared a look before nodding.

“Find out who’s carrying out my father’s work. Find them out soon or we will all pay.”

“We will do what we can, your majesty,” Lady Unora said with a deep courtesy even as Lord Vyas replied with, “Your wish is done, my lord.”

“You are dismissed,” Xioden replied.

The two nobles exited the room in haste and the anger that bubbled underneath Xioden intensified. His arm began to itch like it hadn’t before and he grabbed hold of it tightly to stop himself from scratching the markings.

He could feel wheels of plans turning and a small seed of doubt being inserted into his being. With all the plans he had to help the city, he had barely implemented the first one and already, his time on the throne was beginning to turn out badly.

And somehow, with all the hardships he had faced, he couldn’t help but feel like the core of the problem was still at the feet of the man who fathered him.

\---

Bickering filled the assembly as the lords and ladies of the house talked over each other, arguing the merits and demerits of the various laws they wished to pass on the floor in the service of the districts they governed. Some of the laws were trivial and selfish while others proposed a certain standard that Sir Merlyn found admirable.

Well, as admirable as he could feel, given the circumstances in which he had called them to reconvene. Still, he had hoped they would have come in ready to discuss his reasons for the emergency meeting.

Sighing quietly to himself, he nodded at the manservants standing by the door and the finely dressed men, in their white shirts and black waistcoats with a necktie to match, moved through the seats to fill cups with iced fruit wine. Behind them, a maid followed suit with a small basket of bread and pastries.

Merlyn waited patiently, leaning on the desk in the middle of the room. He wanted the serving to be done so that he could hold a locked room meeting. Once he was sure everyone had something to drink, he gave orders for the guards stationed outside to secure the door and bar anyone from coming in.

He walked around the desk and reached for a small bell that he usually saved in the first drawer.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” he began, ringing the bell as he spoke.

One by one, the conversations in the room began to die off as they all turned to face him. He rang the bell a few more times before stopping with a little jiggle. The sound made him chuckle before his eyes fell on the opened letter on the table.

“Why have we been summoned, High Lord Merlyn?” Lady Laudine Goodhart, Ruler of the sixteenth district of Iresha, spoke in a shrill voice.

Merlyn did his best to not laugh but he couldn’t stop the small smile from forming on his face. If it wasn’t the shrill high pitched voice of Lady Laudine, it was the large faded green hat with frills around the edges. If it wasn't the hat, it was the garish scarf she wore which was usually in contrast with everything else she wore.

Faded green hat with a light pink shawl, paired with a yellow dress and big dark boots stained with mud. It was a pleasant sight, one of his little joys. He shook himself from the amusement and reached for the letter on the table.

“It would appear we can’t count on Elemira anymore…” he said, projecting his voice so it carried around the hall properly.

Silence answered him for a few minutes as the hall stewed in the new information before erupting in cries and shouts for an explanation.

Raising his eyes to silence his colleagues, he waved the letter so that they could all see it.

“I received a letter yesterday night after our monthly meeting was completed. It contained plans for betrayal on Elemira’s part,” he said.

“What sort of plan is that supposed to be?” Sir Igraine Hobday said, fiddling with his moustache.

The lord of the twelfth district of Iresha was a small elderly man who seemed to take great pride in the long moustache he grew, regularly playing with it especially after a few cups of wine.

“I reckon it has to do with the troops they plan to send over to ‘assist’ us in our battle against those savages down south,” Sir Escanor Birdsall answered, a man so large in size that his chair had to be modified to hold him.

“It is as Sir Escanor has rightly said. The troops being sent are not friendly. They will be sent to assist in the first few forays against Nafri after which they would systematically take over our military structure,” Sir Merlyn replied with a nod.

“So even when we do everything to secure friendships, we still find enemies?” Lady Alis Forrest asked in a soft voice, directing the question to no one in particular.

“Well…” Sir Merlyn began before being cut off by another lord in the hall.

“All we have are enemies. We might as well roll over and die!” Sir Othili Wickson exclaimed and the floor broke into arguments once more.

As the arguments intensified, he watched as cups of wine flew across the hall and he had to duck a few times to avoid the empty baskets of bread being thrown. He steered himself around the desk and waited for a slight lull in the arguments before raising his voice.

“Gentlemen!” he shouted.

No one paid spared him any thought as two lords began to square up to each other, readying to fight. He rolled his eyes before picking a piece of bread from his food basket and throwing it at the head of one of the standing lords. That made everyone return their gazes to him.

“For blood sake!” he said, “Will you hare-brained idiots be civilised for once?”

No one replied.

“We aspire to be more than we are. More than the other nations see us. We are like mice to them. A small nation standing on its own against everyone else,” he said as he paced the floor.

Turning to face them, he raised the letter once more.

“We are not weak. Our war with Nafri is nothing but a stepping stone. A plan to evolve. A plan that required throwing Elemiran bodies at our enemies until we could pick up the pieces and finish the war,” he said, his voice becoming louder.

“Two for one!” a voice called out to cheers from the assembly.

“Two for bloody one. Like a bloody bargain discount from the market!” Sir Merlyn roared.

“In the rainy season!” another voice roared above the cheering.

“The Blood Orange festival!” Lady Laudine added with raucous laughter.

The High Lord of the assembly laughed as his companions cheered and shouted. He was pleased he could at least bring them back to the topic. He needed them to band together. Their enemies were numerous but Ireshan cunning was legendary.

“So, yes… some plans have gone awry. But we are bloody Ireshans. We just don’t know when to give up and move on. So, let them come. We will unleash our dogs of war. Our swords will sharpen. We will take aim. And, we will skewer them all through the damn season!”

Sir Escanor got to his feet with his cup in hand. He took a sip and thrust it out in front of him before bellowing.

“The Sleeping Lion awaits!”

As if on cue, the rest of the Assembly got to their feet and did the same, shouting variations to the ‘Sleeping Lion’, the old motto of Ireshans gone. Sir Merlyn smiled as he took his cup, though empty, and lifted it to the sky.

“The Sleeping Lion stirs!”

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Tekuni looked at the map on the table for a few more seconds before pinching the bridge of his nose and grimacing. He was tired and he couldn’t stop himself from imagining being wrapped up in the arms of his wife whilst lying on their wool-made bed. A chuckle escaped him from the thought.

*Medani would probably stick a knife in me if she knew my thoughts. Then again, perhaps the knife will be less of a wound that this… this…*

He released an exasperated breath and moved away from the war table. The other chiefs stirred from their thoughts and looked at him with blank expressions. Dressed in the colours of their tribes, ten of the villages chiefs sat around the war table. A tray of dried goat meat sat at the centre of the table, adorned with hot spices and red oil.

It was a Nafri delicacy, one that he had made in his youth. It was known as ‘E’randi’, in Ancient Nafri tongue. It was what everyone called it though few knew where it came from and why it was called that. He could feel his mouth start to salivate as he stared at it and he forced himself to look away.

He could imagine the spiciness on his tongue and the succulent taste of the meat and he longed to have a piece but he had to control himself. He had told the rest of the chiefs that they would only partake in it after they had agreed to how to deal with the war on their borders.

Sighing, he turned his head away and walked to the window of his palace. The red sun hung like a ball of unquenching light in the east, illuminating the city in a sharp orange glow. His eyes wandered around, resting on the people going about their daily businesses without a worry in the world.

Hot humid air blew in through the open flaps of the palace and Tekuni looked up at the sky. He wasn’t the kind of man to shy away from war and he even welcomed it on occasion. Still, he had not expected Iresha to be the first to take the initiative in the attack. They were a strong country, from the reports he had gotten from his scouts and the information the chiefs giving to him.

Nonetheless, from the same reports he had gotten from his scouts, Iresha leaned heavily to listening to the will and wishes of its people than to bend to the arm of their rulers. It was an aspect he believed separated Nafri from Iresha. Here, Tekuni knew his rule trumped all. Sure, he might incline his head to some words of wisdom from the tribes and his wife but his words were law.

Iresha was ruled by the Assembly of Law, he was told. A gathering of ageing men passing edicts and laws to govern their lands. The men represented some commoners and always sought to obey the wishes of the commoners, else they would be replaced with someone more amiable.

*I can admit that I want to someday rule Iresha and Nafri. To spread my seed and my influence across all lands. And even I know, some of my people will detest such an action. They follow because I am law. And yet…*

“I understand little of these Ireshans but something feels amiss,” he said to the room.

None of the chiefs said anything for a few minutes until he turned to face them.

“Amiss or not, Ireshans have attacked us. We do as we always do. We crush them,” Chief Bardun said and some of the other chiefs nodded.

Tekuni regarded the man, his eyes lingering on the single scar the man had which ran across his otherwise smooth face. The scar was thin but jagged and he couldn’t recall what had caused the scar. He assumed it was from a fight in their youth but he left the thought there.

“And we will crush them. They are bold and crafty. Like white little mice, scurrying about. They are not a worry,” Chief Kosa said with a smile. He was a lanky looking fellow with uneven teeth.

“Little mice can still spoil the grain, Kosa. If they nibble away enough, the whole bag can be contaminated,” another chief responded. A burly looking man with massive arms set like boulders.

Chief Anou was a quiet man, probably the quietest that he ever knew. The chief was slow to speak but every time he did speak, it was with a pearl of great wisdom. Tekuni found himself nodding in agreement with the chief. The skirmish on the war fronts wasn’t particularly worrying.

The first week had proven to be difficult due to the relative freshness of the war and the unsharpened Nafri warriors who had grown fat and lazy with time. Still, Nafri was strong. And soon enough, they had turned the tide and were pushing steadily into Ireshan lands.

Tekuni’s eyes rested on the map once more and he wondered if he could turn the war to his advantage.

*Perhaps the gods have seen the glory of the Nafri empire stretching across the land. I should find speak to a chief sage…*

Walking back to the table, he looked at the map. His warriors had managed to push the Ireshans across the Galala river and they were currently warring across the green marshes to the north of the land. Past the marches and the war would be on Ireshan soil. Success in the marshes was more or less assured but Tekuni wanted it permanent.

“Elesa,” Tekuni began, looking up from the map to the chief who sat opposite from him. The elderly man raised his head in attention and he continued.

“Do you still have firewalkers in your tribe?” he asked.

“Not at the moment. I haven’t run the ceremony since you outlawed it but I can start at once. The men of my tribe have been growing soft since you stopped our practices,” Chief Elesa said with a grin.

Tekuni felt his nerves stand on end but kept his face as smooth as he could manage. After his father’s death, one of the first things he did was outlaw the firewalkers and the ceremony of the Ratan tribe. He had heard and seen firsthand the damage firewalkers could cause.

Nafri men and women, marked with white tattoo and paint across their bodies and faces. The ceremony would render the men and women eyeless, before binding their arms behind their backs. The firewalkers were nothing more than a tool for war. A weapon of death.

From the little he knew, the markings were ancient magical runes used to attach explosives to the people they were drawn on. When they got close to their targets, if he remembered correctly, the markings would glow a bright red before the explosive detonated.

It was an archaic form of warfare and he had done away with it as soon as he could. And now, he needed them.

“I believe the gods have given us this chance. The only real chance we’ll have to crush Iresha. And I will not let it pass. I mean to break the pale weaklings. Utterly and totally,” Tekuni said, lingering on each word for emphasis.

“You’re speaking of conquest, Tekuni. The other lands will not take kindly to such action,” Chief T’lela mentioned with a frown.

“I speak of conquest. I plan to touch all lands, T’lela. All. Iresha’s domination has always been in the plans and now, the gods above have granted me a chance to do it,” Tekuni replied.

The chiefs murmured amongst themselves. He had expected outright dissension but they all seemed to consider the implications of it. It made him smile though begrudgingly as he had a speech planned about how to make Nafri great beyond their compare.

“A lot of Nafri men will die,” a chief muttered under his breath, eyeing the E’randi on the table.

Tekuni chuckled to himself as he reached for the plate holding the spiced meat. He passed it to the chief whose eyes lit up in response just another chief responded. Taking a piece off the plate, the chief passed it to the person sitting next to him.

“A lot of Nafri men die of laziness. At least, this way, it will be for a cause,” Chief Laade replied with a grunt.

“We will need more weapons,” Chief Anou said.

“We can get more after we win over Iresha. We will be awash with riches, weapons and slaves!” Chief Bardun said, taking a piece of spiced meat from the plate and passing it on.

“Not to talk of the women,” Chief Nife said with a laugh and the whole table joined in.

“I hear they make a lot of noise,” Chief Hyane, of the Iron Tribe, said.

“With soft supple pale skin and plump mouths? They’ll be singing all day long until the festival!” Chief Roku, of the mountain tribe, said, slapping a hand on the table.

The room’s laughter increased in volume and Tekuni joined in. He reckoned he could do with a fourth wife, though he knew the unlikelihood of it. His wives would gut the Ireshan woman before the day was out and would brag about it in his presence with no fear. It was one of the qualities he loved in them.

“I take it you are all along with my plan then?” Tekuni asked.

The chiefs cheered and he nodded in satisfaction as the plate of E’randi returned to him. He picked up a piece of meat and dropped it on his tongue with a smile. His glory was finally coming.

\---

Timon Forthen felt like he had been enjoying the trip to Illimerea until he and his bodyguards saw the wall of fog in the distance. The wall of fog that told everyone they were about to touch the borders of the magical kingdom. As if sensing his thoughts, his carriage stopped in its tracks and silence descended on the whole party.

Wiping the lone sweat that had trickled down his face with a cream-coloured cloth, Timon got down from his carriage to stare at the fog thoughtfully. Like Dekkar, he had only been into Illimerea once, as part of the former king’s retinue. Even then, he had remained with the horses and the main army.

*I was also slim then, I believe…* he thought as he rubbed a hand over his belly.

King Xioden had given him a command. Somehow, he had to negotiate with the kingdom properly now. Which meant passing through the veil that hid them away from wandering eyes and foreign scouts.

A cold chill ran down his spine as his mind wandered back to the information he had given the king. He couldn’t help but feel like the king had somehow seen through the lie. He had concocted the simple tale with Dekkar and Kana in hopes that no one would have to disturb the Illimereans.

They had been subjugated already, somehow bound to remain within their borders by Roedran. He wasn’t sure they’d take to welcoming any Elemiran that wasn’t the former king or wasn’t coming with a full army at their doorstep.

*That and the death of Prince Teyvon…*

He dabbed at his forehead furiously, cursing to himself under his breath. Somehow, without meaning to, he had cornered himself to the king’s wishes. He felt to curse Dekkar for agreeing with the plan and not talking against like Kana had done. Then again, she also had eventually agreed to go ahead with the plan.

“Onwards,” Timon muttered to his rider, climbing back into his carriage.

As he sat, the carriage slowly lurched forward, continuing its journey towards the fog. From the window, it looked heavy and dense, like a static wall of grey in the distance. Even the sky above it was shrouded and he couldn’t help but wonder about hidden horrors within the mist.

His hand rested on a medium-sized ivory chest, inlaid with silver edges and intricate designs around its body. In it was a down payment for what the king wanted, as a sign of goodwill. It hadn’t been part of the orders but he dipped into his coffers for it. Not for the king really, but as an assurance of trade from Illimerea.

Nervous as he was about visiting the strange land again, he was still a trader at heart and money always called his name. When it could be made, of course. And if the natives of Illimerea were willing to part with some of their crystals, then perhaps he could make some profits on the side in less than reputable markets.

He just had to work out exactly how to work the calculations to avoid suspicion from the others, especially with Kana dealing with the finances of their current project. As it was, it was going to be a gamble to offer gold pieces to the Illimereans without consulting Dekkar and Kana but he reasoned he could argue himself out of that hole.

Timon clicked open the chest and inspected the gold pieces once more, running his fingers over them. It was an action that made him feel content, a feeling second only to drinking the finest wine. Chuckling to himself, he closed the chest and rubbed his belly again. His eyes shifted to the short sword he carried and he said a silent prayer to Zeus that he won’t have to use it.

Removing a key from one his pockets, he locked the chest before moving it to the floor, just next to his leg. He wished he could have a drink to calm his nerves. Unfortunately, he abstained from drinking trade deals. He had caught some of his opponents when they were drunk and couldn’t bear the thought of being caught the same way.

*Still though…* he thought to himself as he began to hum, *...a great cup of wine is its reward.*

\---

The captain of the River Sniper was no impatient. He had been waiting on the deck of his ship for hours and still, he couldn’t see any sign of the scouts he had sent inland. He had his arms crossed as he scowled, watching the calm sea like a hawk waiting for prey.

Around him, his men worked on, cleaning the deck and washing their bowls and cloths. He liked cleanliness. It was one of the main differences between his crew and the nasty bilge-rats shared the ocean with him. Still, his mind couldn’t focus on the men on deck. He needed the scouts.

Still, he could see the cloud of desperation hanging above their heads. It showed in their faces and in how they moved. They were just as miserable as he was and he couldn’t blame them. The stranger had been charming enough to woo his crew with promises of riches if they could help him with one task.

Muttering to himself, he began to pace across the deck. The brand that he had been given burned and itched in a way that stopped him from relaxing. It nagged at him, screaming at him. At his vigilance. At his current predicament of waiting until the moment was right.

A piece of rope caught his leg and he stumbled before catching himself on the ship’s wooden rail.

“Oh for bloody…” he began before pointing at one of his crew and shouting, “You there! Pick this damn thing off me bloody floor and find a place for it.”

“Aye, captain!” the man replied and ran to it.

The captain kicked at the rope and the man with equal irritation as he continued stalking around the ship. The brand itched like nothing he had ever experienced and he found himself increasingly on edge.

He considered cutting the brand off his skin but he remembered the last person to attempt such an act and how he had been forced to throw them overboard to keep his ship from catching on fire. His features darkened as he remembered the man screaming. He had watched the man’s skin redden like pus about to explode.

The man, a cheerful Hanase-born going by the name Tulo, cried out and the crew had been treated to the scene of his eyes catching aflame. The fire had spread slowly, as if conscious, creeping its way up to his head like a snake. Soon Tulo’s head was on fire and the man’s cry had gotten louder.

The captain shook himself and returned his attention to the ocean. The brand burned and itched but he was alive. That made all the difference. He just needed to complete the task that had been set before him and the brand would go. That was the deal that had been made.

“Starboard, Captain!” a lookout called and the captain spun around immediately.

He rushed to the edge of the ship, waving to his first mate for his looking glass. It took a few seconds of searching before he saw the small boat rowing towards the ship. Of the five men he had sent to scout, only two were on the boat. He grimaced but kept his tongue.

Once the men had been pulled up, he rounded on them for information.

“Well?” he asked.

“Nafri’s winning the battle at the moment. We got ambushed on the way to the boat though,” one of the men replied.

“That’s not what I asked, you bloody nitwit. Jon! I need to know. What did yer contact say?” he asked the other scout.

“Not much, captain. He mentioned an ally coming to help them win the war. I pressed and fed him more drinks. But, he didn’t mention who on account of being drunk,” Jon replied with a shrug.

“Ally… Ally? Hmm,” the captain repeated before gasping in realisation.

“Mateo! The disguises in the cabin, what are they to represent?” he asked, turning to a short bald man with an eye patch over his left eye.

The man itched at a spot thoughtlessly before suddenly looking up at the captain and jerking upright.

“Sir?” Mateo said, blinking.

The captain punched the man in the face and Mateo fell to the floor, clutching his nose.

“The bloody disguises. What nation?” the captain asked again.

“Elemiran. Elemiran military,” Mateo responded, albeit nasally.

With the information, the pieces clicked into place. It suddenly all made sense as to why the strange man had made the deal. With realisation, came a curse and a grimace. The strange man had doomed them all.

“What is it, captain?” Jon asked as the rest of the crew gathered around him.

The captain scratched his shoulder absentmindedly before facing his crew.

“Say yer prayers, lads and gather up all yer stuff! If yous got letters to write, *if you can write*, now would be the time. I fear, we won’t be surviving the stranger’s deal,” he said, gripping the sword at his waist tightly.

His crew muttered between themselves irritably as they crowded closer to him to hear what he was trying to say.

“What do you mean?”

The question floated towards him and without trying to determine who had asked it, he simply responded.

“We made a devil’s deal, lads. We’re going to be responsible for a world war.”

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|It took the world by storm when all the advertising companies and conglomerates cracked the 'true worth' of everything. I remember it like it was yesterday, partly because it allows time to pass as the adverts drone on continuously on my screen. One moment, the world had been engrossed in their smart-phones as usual, browsing social media and tweeting inane bullshit, and the next minute, everything in the world become free.

Figuratively, metaphorically and physically.

*With a little caveat,* of course.

No one knows how they did it, and heck, it's been 20 years and no one still understands how they pulled it off but suddenly, everything was free and yet, hidden behind a fucking ad-wall, because, why the heck not? It took a while, and a lot of 'research' and revisions and news broadcasts before the rules became crystal clear to everyone.

"Everything was free, but can only be acquired after an advert, corresponding to the worth of the thing, was consumed."

Ergo, a snickers bar would be like what, 15 seconds of adverts and it's all yours. The product usually would appear wherever you need it to be, which was much weirder but society focused less on that and more on the getting of stuff.

It also meant, for anyone hoping to game the system and become a billionaire or have the latest items, or cars, or whatever would have to get comfortable, watching hours upon hours of adverts, day in and day out until they've acquired the 'worth' of whatever it is they wanted.

The rules were thing, to be completely honest because they made no sense whatsoever, but it worked.

And soon, everyone got comfortable with watching adverts.

Some councils took a step further and turned whole cinemas into ad-watching ground. Which initially seemed like a really great idea until people quickly understood that the concessions that they'd use to pass the item would also be locked behind the amount of adverts they watched.

The idea was silly after that.

I cover my mouth to avoid belching, not because I'm particularly self-conscious but mostly because the action is kinda... embarrassing to say the least. I believe I can control myself better than that. The TV is still droning on, spitting out random facts about objects and items and cruises that will never interest me but I don't mind. There's a goal in mind to be achieved.

A goal, 20 years in the making.

See, the advert companies, in their joint first and last public announcement about this new vague and mysterious concept of true worth that anything can be achieved. They stressed '*anything*', almost as if to hint that if we could consider it, it was possible. And once you put on any media device, all you simply had to do was think about what you wanted, and it will tell you how long you'd have to watch or listen to an ad for before you can get it.

So I did a thing.

In my old age, there isn't much I can say that I want. I've lived a full life and an enjoyable one at that. I've traveled, I've eaten exotic dishes, I've seen amazing things. Still, the only real highlight of my life was when she sat in front of me and told me her name.

She was everything to me.

She *is* everything to me.

She was easily the best years of my life. And I would be lying if I say it didn't hurt when her god, the so-called 'benevolent' one took her away from me. It wasn't her time. It should have been me in front of that car. But that's an argument for another time.

If all it took, was 20 continuous years of listening to the same diatribe of the latest gadgets, or the cheapest flights or this or that, was all that was required of me to get her back then I was game. After all, if I'm to believe in an afterlife and some supernatural game between God and the devil, then it is pretty simple to trivialize the human soul to nothing more than an existential product.

And this product is all I want.

\---I marched over to the hairy looking receptionist at the counter and put my food down in front of her. She gave me a quizzical look and for the life of me, I had to breathe to calm down. This is why I don't go to new restaurants. This is why I don't experiment. More importantly, this is why I feel all these new pop-ups need to stop "popping" up in my neighbourhood. *We* don't do mediocrity in Vericity City.

"Erm... excuse me," I began, my hands clasped together to make myself seem amenable.

The lady's eyes shifted temporarily to me, before shifting away to someone behind me. I turned to see a cosplayer of some sort, holding what looks like a real sword in his hands, which is frankly dangerous, but I'll deal with him later. I need to sort out my food first.

"Hello? I'm talking to you," I said again, a bit louder this time.

The receptionist looked at me, crossing her arms and narrowing her eyes at me. I leaned away from her slightly. There was something unnatural about her eyes and to be frank, it reminded me of my poodle at home, Mr Whimsy.

"What do you want?" she said slowly.

I narrowed my eyes at that. Ignoring the issue I'm about to bring up with her, I don't think I've ever seen anyone have teeth that sharp. This is clearly a hipster joint. And we have enough of that already. If it's not the cheesy burger joint a block away, it's the BBQ eatery in the shopping mall.

"My food has gluten in it. And peppers. I distinctly ordered my pasta without any. I'd like it changed," I said, brushing hair away from my face.

"You'd have to pay for that," the receptionist said. She looked away from me again and I turned to see some of the waiters were surrounding the cosplayer.

"Excuse me, can you focus your attention on me? You're being extremely rude right now. Why would I pay for another when you got my order wrong?" I said, gritting my teeth.

"Erm, lady? Can you please stand to the side? We have a situation," the woman replied. She was still looking away from me.

I heard a loud crash and saw the cosplayer had been thrown across the room. Unnatural as it might be, as I don't think anyone can be thrown that far, I am taken aback at the violence I'm seeing. The waiters are all snarling like... like... dogs. I shove my hand into my pocket and grab my phone. I'll call the police as soon as I'm done with the receptionist

"My situation trumps his. I said, you gave me the wrong food. You don't get to dismiss me for a stupid cosplayer. Do you know who I am?" I repeated, slamming my hand on the table.

She jerked back at my action before snarling at me like the waiters bothering themselves with the cosplayer. I turned in time to catch the cosplayer and the waiters fighting. I turned back. I'll call the police in a bit. Right now, I have a snarling receptionist to teach a lesson to.

"That does it. I want to speak to your manager this instant. Not only are you rude, your disrespectful and dismissive. I'm going to make sure you lose your job."

I jump in shock as she leapt over the counter. She shoved me to the side, and for a brief moment, I found myself off my feet in the air. When I hit the ground, my breath escaped me for a few moments and my vision blurred. As I got to my feet, and smoothed my jeans, I pulled out my phone and dialled for the police. The receptionist had put her hand on me. That is a crime. And the restaurant will pay for it.

"Hello, 911? Yes. My name is Karen and I have an issue to report..."

\---*My shift at the institution always began earlier than I liked but once I got into the swing of things, I stopped being bothered about it. That's me, every day.*

*I would wake up, brush my teeth, have a brief shower and step out the house in some clean clothes to start the day at the Divine Care Elderly Home. It was an old establishment, from what I had researched and apparently had been standing for centuries on end. I have to admit, it was one of the reasons why I figured it would be a nice place to start my career in. Get some history in my blood, as well as do what I love best; care for the elderly.*

*And it only really got better when I got to meet the residents of the home.*

*On my first day, a year ago, my boss had told me, in very stark words;*

*"You are always going to be surprised. Get used to it."*

*I hadn't really understood it until the same day, when I got to meet and talk to one of the elderly men leaving in the home. His name was Dino. I couldn't quite place his accent because the man changed it as often as he could. The odd thing about him, my first surprise, was when he whispered to me. When my senior had stepped out to check something, Dino had whispered to me to get him some alcohol. I had declined. I remember trying to be kind in my words but he only seemed to narrow his eyes at me before laughing it off. I, instead, got him a cup of water.*

*After that, I sat and spoke with him about his life and how long he had been at the home for. Dino spoke about his past in an animated way, especially when he got into how his brothers and sisters were always fighting and sleeping with each other. I had blanched from embarrassment at that. I didn't think it was something I should know.*

*My senior had returned and when she saw the cup in Dino's hand, she had taken it off him, chiding him as he did. When I asked why, she gave me the cup and told me to smell the contents. It was alcohol. I remember looking back at Dino as we left his room and he winked at me with an old smile.*

*That had been my first surprise and I got much more after that.*

*Each and every one of the elders at the home had something or did something that usually made my day. There was an older, grizzled looking man who called himself Mark. He loved playing tactical games, at least on the days he wanted to be called Mark. Sometimes, he preferred to be called Artie instead, and on those days, he was usually sedated or put in front of a console with Mortal Kombat installed and the man would do a full day's worth of gaming without moving from the spot.*

*There was woman called Tena, who absolutely loved playing with Lego and watching construction shows. She always seemed to have a keen eye and her Lego buildings were the stuff of art, if I'm being honest. There was an older man who seemed to love to shock the orderlies with static shock whenever he could, with the optional trick of being able to put on the TV in his room from his bed. Now, he makes me laugh, because he always did the trick with a wink.*

*There was Sei, an old Asian man, who always smelled fresh though I don't think anyone has ever given him a bath. There was Erina, who always had men wanting to give her a bath. There were so much more, and every day was always as interesting as the last one.*

*For reasons I'm not too sure off, my boss, Mrs Hestia, told me that I'm deeply loved by all the elders in the home and as a result, they would be increasing my pay and that is why I'm excited today. I'm not saying I got the job for the money, because everyone would tell you this doesn't pay that well, but it is nice to be appreciated. Strangely enough, she did add in the private letter sent to my home, that I should dress formerly as the elders want to do a ceremony for me.*

*That definitely put a smile on my face regardless.*

*All in all, I think I chose a really cool place to start my career in, Mum. Maybe I'll take you around sometime when you visit.*

*If, you visit.*

*Heck, at this point, a reply from you would be just as good*

*But it's a new year and I promised myself to not get hung up on feeling sad about this anymore. You have your life, I have mine. I still have dad, though he's less of himself than he used to be. So I'll be fine.*

*I'll be fine.*

&#x200B;

*Your's Truly,*

*Jake.*

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Aora led them through the camp, weaving through tents and people alike. The closer they got to the residents of the camp, the more they could see that they all appeared to have similar tattoos on their faces as well as tribal marks either on their foreheads, cheeks or weirder still, by their necks.

The children were largely tattoo-free but Osun could see the markings on them already. Some of the kids even had bandages wrapped either around their necks or smaller ones placed on a cheek here and there. She nodded her head absently in agreement with the practice. Well, not necessarily the practice itself but the process in which it was done.

She knew from experience that tribal markings were usually best done from when the kids are younger, so that it would heal and grow as they grew, as opposed to being marked as an adult. Moreover, it hurt less. At least, that was what the elderly women had told her when she inquired on it.

As a goddess, *when* she had been a goddess, she had found the practice to be odd but not particularly intrusive enough for her to care. After all, her priority was primarily based on ensuring that none of her subjects and worshippers were harmed. Anything else apart from that held no interest for her.

The small girl continued dragging her friend by the hand and she followed quietly behind them. Glancing back, she noticed that their following had grown from the meagre number that had escorted them into the camp in the first place.

What had been a small number of, perhaps, seven, now looked over twenty by her rough estimate, with some of the people being hidden behind each other or tents that hindered her view of her back. Sweat rolled down her face but she shivered instead. She was hesitant to shed blood but she wasn’t averse to it.

She just needed one of them to make the wrong move and she would do what she must in return. She just hoped that it didn’t involve the children in the camp also. That would be dirty work and she staunchly left that part of her life in millennia past.

“Where are you leading us, Aora?” Hecate asked.

“To the large campfire. It’s just a few steps. Our leader usually sits in the middle there to talk and tell stories. I figure you’d like that,” Aora said.

“Do you now?” Osun asked dryly, her eyes still observing their surroundings.

The little girl stopped and looked at Osun with a pout before sticking a tongue out at her.

“You’re funny,” the girl said.

“You’re not, little one,” she whispered back and Hecate shot her a look. She shrugged and continued behind them cautiously.

“We are tired, Aora. And we haven’t eaten either,” Hecate said.

“All to be sorted really. Besides, we’re here,” the girl said, waving her hand to show the clearing in the middle of the tent.

True to her words, there was a large campfire in the middle of the tents. The fire burned higher than she expected, reminding her of a funeral pyre. Or a death pyre, depending on the angle it was viewed from. Around the fire, a couple paces away, were small wooden stools placed in a large circle. At one of the ends of the circle, there was a smaller fire-pit which was in use by a large, pot-bellied man.

The scents of smoked fish, garnered with spices, wafted towards her and her mouth watered in response. Even Hecate seemed to be taken by the smell of food momentarily before catching sense of herself and looking away. Osun looked down and saw that the girl had been staring directly at her with no expression.

As if noticing that she had been caught out, the girl exclaimed and smiled widely but it didn’t meet her eyes.

She opened her mouth to talk when Aora pointed to a man sitting on the largest wooden stool by the large campfire.

“Come, let me introduce you to Elder Tamanot,” she said, letting go of Hecate’s hand and skipping towards the man.

“Where the blasted suns are we, sister?” Osun hissed.

“No idea. Follow my lead,” Hecate whispered back before gliding forward to meet the man.

Elder Tamanot was a large fellow, with broad shoulders and muscles that glistened with sweat from being so close to the fire. The man had no hair on his head, though the white that grew from his chin and the wrinkles that appeared on his face confirmed what she wanted to know. He sat quietly on the wooden stool with a pipe in hand, bare-chested. and with a large cloth covering his lower half.

All around them, some of the men in the group took seats on the wooden stool around the fire. Some chose to sit on the floor around others, laughing and talking in low tones. Two spaces next to the elder were left vacant and Aora waved them over before bending to whisper to the elder.

The old man looked away from the fire and to the two women, his mouth splitting into a wide smile. Osun could see some missing teeth and she sighed. Most of the old men she knew, the Nafri men she governed, had the same characteristics which she attributed to the pipe between his fingers.

Quietly, she followed behind her friend, taking the seat next to her. Aora danced in excitement as they sat before putting herself down in the seat next to Osun. And then, with sparkling eyes and a wide grin, she took hold of her hand interlocked her fingers with it.

“Your hands feel soft and hard,” the young girl said.

Osun opened her mouth to say something when she noticed the knife she had been holding was tucked back in her belt. She scowled at that and reached for the smaller knife in the holster by her thigh when her eyes locked on Aora’s.

A sense of calm washed over her so sudden it made her gasp. She blinked and the small girl was gone. She heard a giggle and turned to see the girl fussing over Hecate’s hair. The girl flashed a smile at her and she tried smiling back.

“You have come from far…” a silky smooth voice said and her attention shifted to Elder Tamanot.

“That we have, Dearest Elder,” Hecate replied with a slight bow.

Her friend gently lifted a hand to Aora who took it and walked around to sit on her friend’s lap. Osun rubbed her forehead. She could feel a headache beginning to form and she couldn’t help but feel like the small girl was, in part, responsible for it even if not directly.

“What is it you seek?” Elder Tamanot asked, the dancing flames of the campfire reflecting in his eyes.

“Must we seek something to travel the world?” Hecate countered with a small laugh.

Osun watched as the little girl sat upright and stared at her friend for a few seconds before glancing at her.

“I forget sometimes, that it is your first time here,” the girl said in a voice that strangely sounded *old.*

“We know who you are, honoured guests. Or better yet, we know who you were,” Elder Tamanot said before turning to face them properly.

Osun’s eyes widened as did her companion.

Conversations around the campfire died out as they all rose to their feet and turned to face the two ladies. The girl on Hecate’s lap jumped off to stand next to Elder Tamanot. Then, at once, they knelt and bowed, speaking as one.

“We honour you, Lady of the freshwaters, Osun. We honour you, Goddess of magic, Hecate.”

Osun stared in shock as Hecate began to laugh quietly to herself.

\---

“Lord Timon wishes to see you, my lord,” one of Xioden’s guards said in a low voice, next to the king.

Sera watched as the king nodded as if remembering who he was. He looked at her, worry lines showing on his brow, and smiled at her. The smile was warm and for a moment, she allowed herself to bask in the warmth of it before getting to her feet.

“My apologies, Lady Sera. It would appear our time is far spent,” he said, doing the same.

“It was a time well spent, your majesty,” she replied with a small courtesy.

As she turned to leave, she saw him hesitate for a few moments and she slowed her pace to the door.

“Uhm…” she heard him say and she turned slightly.

“Yes, my lord?” she said.

“Would it be improper for me to ask that you spend the night? I have countless rooms in the palace that are unoccupied,” he said, giving her a sheepish grin.

Crossing her hands and raising her eyebrows at him, she did her best to not smile though it was difficult.

“A little, perhaps,” she replied.

“That’s acceptable, don’t you think?”

He crossed the gap between them until he was close to her. She swallowed and shrunk away slightly. A look of hurt flashed across his face and she smiled at him, placing a hand on his chest.

“One night. Not close enough to your chambers…” she began before placing a finger on his lips as he opened them to protest, “...My terms, Nafri king. *If* you want me to spend the night.”

He rolled his eyes before nodding.

“As you wish, my lady,” he said before straightening, “Samma!”

One of his guards stationed outside his door saluted, hand above chest and head straight.

“Your majesty,” he said.

“Find Tiki for me, as well as a squad of guards. Lady Sera here is to be our guest for the night,” he said and the guard nodded before running off.

“Walk with me,” he said.

Leaving his chambers, they made their way down the corridor quietly. She wanted to hold his hands like before but instead, she kept them clasped in front of her as she followed behind him. The hours they had spent talking had been nothing short of enjoyable and she was incredibly glad that he had asked for her to spend the night.

*Just to talk. We’re just going to continue talking…*

Her cheeks reddened as she considered the alternative but she shook herself from the thought. She liked him. She just couldn’t allow herself to lose her mind around him. Still, she was pleased that she could spend the night with him at the very least.

Sera thought about all they had talked about. Whilst she had found the conversation and the company to be pleasant, she could tell he was holding a lot back from her. As they talked, every so often, she would see him freeze as he stopped himself. She had smiled through it, to calm his emotions and to encourage him into being comfortable with her.

She had no idea how long destiny was supposed to play its part and no idea to think it would be instant. Moreover, she wasn’t in a rush to tie herself down with him just yet, especially not while the dark aura still surrounded his left arm.

Even now, as they walked, she could see the aura around the arm shift and change like a thick miasma. The one moment she had touched his arm, a wave of negative energy had assaulted her and she had to fall to her feet to disguise her reaction. The feeling had been sickening.

*I still feel sick just thinking about it…* she thought to herself, as she tried to push the feeling of nausea away.

“You’re about to have an audience with one of the heads, aren’t you?” she asked.

“Yes. Lord Timon Forthen, of House Forthen,” he nodded before glancing at her, “I gave him a task to accomplish. One that might be beneficial for Elemira’s success.”

“Financial gain?” she asked.

“Financial freedom. My father wasn’t so…” he said before stopping and sighing, “... he wasn’t responsible.”

She nodded and they resumed their walk towards the throne room.

As they entered, soft sunset illuminating the throne room, she noticed the head of House Claren in quiet talks with another noble, who looked like the sort she avoided on a normal day. The conversation seemed important and she curiously wished she could overhear what they discussed.

“Lord Timon,” Xioden called out towards the man, moving to stand before the throne, “Lady Kana.”

“Your majesty,” both heads bowed their heads, shooting her a glance.

She kept her face smooth as she walked to stand beside the throne. Doing her best to hide her nervousness, she clasped her hand in front of her and did her best to not look directly at any of them.

“Please, tell me you have good news,” the king said wearily.

“I do, my lord. I…” Lord Timon began before glancing at her and back at the king, “Your majesty..?”

The king followed his gaze before sighing and nodding.

“Apologies. She’s my guest,” he said before turning his head to stare at her for a few moments.

She locked eyes with him, raising a questioning eyebrow after a few seconds and he flashed her a smile before turning to face the nobles.

“Speak freely, Timon. I believe the topic to be alright for now,” Xioden said.

Lord Timon gave him a questioning look before shrugging and continuing.

“I bring glad tidings, your majesty. Illimerea has agreed to the trade and has sent us a first offer of a thousand crystals to work with,” the lord said with a smile and an extravagant flourish of his cloak.

At once, she noticed two armed men, wearing the colours of House Forthen, walk in with a large chest between them. They placed the chest down and broke the lock that secured it, before moving to stand behind their lord.

Lord Timon walked over and open the lid of the chest and true to his words, she could see the crystals the man was talking about. From her position next to the king, she could only pick out the white coloured crystals that were at the top, though she suspected that there were other colours in the chest.

The lord bent to pick up a crystal, handing it to one of the guards behind him. The guard nodded before walking towards the king with the crystal in the palm of his hand.

As he got to the steps leading to the throne, one of the king’s guards stopped him and took the crystal off him, before walking up the steps himself to hand it to the king.

Xioden took it, whistling to himself. The sound was shrill and somewhat surprising as it was a sound she hadn’t heard since leaving Gaeshin and, to a lesser degree, Iresha. It hadn’t occurred to her that the skill itself wasn’t particularly rare. But, it *felt* rare.

The crystal itself looked about a hand’s length, thin and from where she stood, it looked faded as if the shine it was supposed to have was gone. She watched as he twirled it in his hand for a few more moments, whispering to himself. She wished she could hear that too but she remained rooted in her spot.

“How did they say the crystals worked?” he asked.

“By magic, your majesty. I was informed that you have to gently force magic into it for it to light up as you explained,” Lord Timon answered.

“Is there a magician nearby?” King Xioden asked, looking at one of his guards.

“Not at the moment, but I saw a Sanctuary priest walk past the doors a few moments ago,” the guard replied.

“Please, go get him for me,” he said to the guard who nodded and ran off in the direction of the parallel door to the right of the throne.

“Best to test it and ensure it works. Did they show you how it worked?” Xioden asked.

“Aye, my lord. They fed magic through one of the crystals they held and it lit up as you said they did,” Lord Timon answered, his grin wide.

From where she stood, she could tell the man was excited to have succeeded in whatever deal it was that the king had struck with Illimerea. She glanced at Xioden before stopping. While Lord Timon seemed enthusiastic about the deal, Xioden now had the face of someone who was about to lash out.

“They gave you crystals and instead of testing what they gave you, they tested their own?” he asked in a low tone that resounding around the room.

Lord Timon’s smile died off then. Worry flashed across his face as if suddenly realising the error he had committed.

“For all you know, they might have rigged the crystals to blow at the slightest bit of magic input,” Xioden said, his voice growing cold.

The aura around the king thickened and she could see the darkness in his left arm begin to corrupt the rest of his otherwise warm aura. It emanated from him and she could feel a heaviness in the air.

“Apologies, your majesty,” Lord Timon said, immediately getting on one knee and bowing his head.

“If…” Sera cut in, clearing her throat to speak as she ignored the glances from Lady Kana and Lord Timon, “... If I may suggest… wouldn’t it be best to find a space where we can test the crystals safely?”

“Yes!” Lord Timon said, a bit too quickly before adding, “The lady is right, my lord. We can perform tests on the crystals in an open space. Perhaps one of your court-”

“Say we do find a space, Timon… Which mage do you plan to sacrifice for your tests? What if they are all explosives? What if one is? How do you propose we sufficiently test this plan of yours without losing a soul?” Xioden said, cutting him off.

“Be nice,” Sera whispered, taking a small step closer to the throne.

His eyes darted towards her for a split second before resting on the head of House Forthen. She watched as the king got to his feet, placing the crystal on his throne, and walked down the steps to the lord. Each step echoed in the silence of the throne room until the king stood before Lord Timon who still had his head bowed. Lady Kana had moved to stand to the side.

“Raise your head, Timon. No harm will come to you,” Xioden said.

She saw the lord stiffen for a moment before raising his head to face the king.

“Rise. There is too much that goes on already that I’m barely keeping control of. I’m not about to complicate matters further,” he said, extending a hand to the lord.

“Your majesty, I’m honoured,” Lord Timon said breathlessly.

“Sera,” the king said, turning to face her.

“My lord?”

“Come, let us find a courtyard so that we can test this. The sun’s almost set and night draws near. There’s no perfect time than this,” he said before addressing his guards and the nobles, “Come, all of you. We might as well experience this together.”

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|Sorry for the late message guys. 

I posted it in the sub and hoped to announce it early but I've been ill for the past day or so and it's not looking to let up properly any time soon. 

I will try and put some words down when I'm feeling better but I'm afraid we won't be having a chapter today. 

Once again, I apologise. I'll try and add a bonus as soon as I start getting better! 

Thanks.Apologies guys...

Not feeling too great at the moment. But I should have it ready tomorrow. Please bear with me.Surprise.

It was surprise that froze me to the floor as I watched a horizontal red bar appear over Mr Duggan's head, as well as a title saying, *and I'm not joking here*, 'The Midlife Boss'. And the surprise only multiplied really, when Sarah, Dave, Billy and Micah rushed in from the kitchen to join me. The kitchen. Let me explain.

The office is about 3 stories up in this building which my company is apparently renting for this particular branch. It is roughly 2pm, which is basically the end of my lunch break. The lunch break I spent eating at my desk, after which I washed my Tupperware in the kitchen. The freakin' kitchen, which was empty when I was in it. I mean, I have seen some shit in my life but this was automatically holding the crown with no contest.

The last surprise was the sudden background music that filled my ears and made me remember all the RPG games I've played in my life. The thematic music began low, with a quick flute intro and then rhythmic bass and drums. It was in the midst of all this that my boss, Mr Duggan, was able to crack me across the face with his fist.

I hit the floor as pain flowed through me. I spat blood, something I haven't done in years, and held my mouth as it ached. I looked back at him incredulously as he tried to hit me again and Sarah moved to stand in front of me, bringing her hands together. I heard and saw, for the life of me, a holographic shield form in front of her and it deflected the punch with a dull sound.

I got back to my feet, a bit shaky, but terrified. Terrified because my friends weren't talking. Terrified because Mr Duggan was bouncing back and forth, glaring hatefully at me. Terrified because the office seemed to be completely oblivious to what was happening. My hands were shaking, I was sweating and a few curses were lining up behind my teeth to exit my mouth.

"What the fuck?!" I managed to say, shelving the insults.

Micah walked to stand ahead of me and threw a punch to Mr Duggan, connecting to his chest. The man moved backwards and I saw the bar above his head reduce. Surprise and fear dwindled as realisation seeped in. Micah let a few more punches in and the bar reduces a bit more. Once he was done, he returned back to stand next to Sarah.

I saw it then. Each of my friends had their own set of bars just beneath their backs. Red, yellow and green. I make the connections as quick as I can, using the wealth of gaming knowledge I'd stocked up through the years. Health, Magic and Stamina, perhaps. I don't know. The rules were a bit non-existent, you know.

It was then I wiped the blood away from my mouth and tried to check my back. I could see the beginnings of a health bar but not enough to say how much the punch damaged me. Nonetheless, the surprise was all but gone now and I took a stance too, next to my friends.

I'm not quite sure what is happening but if I'm in a game, I might as well play to win.

That said, by the time I had my hands up, waiting for my turn to punch my boss in the face, I couldn't help but worry about if this would escalate to Human Resources. I am on my second strike already.

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden had a slice of lamb in his mouth when Sera glided into the dining room in a long blue dress that went past her knees and a soft white shawl that wrapped around her neck. She was being escorted with the guards he had sent out to look for her. 

As their eyes met, he swallowed hastily and began to cough. The smile that she usually greeted him with was no longer there. Instead, her green eyes seemed to burn with an intensity that made him feel hot under the collar. Before he could compose himself, she walked to the seat next to him and sat down gently, still looking at him. 

His mouth felt dry and he emptied his cup to wet it. As he drank, he caught the attention of one of the servants in the room and signalled for him to come over. 

“Get her something to drink with,” he said quickly and the servant scurried off. 

He flashed a smile at her that she didn’t return. 

“Sera…” he began before halting at the sight of her hand up. 

“You don’t get to summon me with your guards. I am not at your beck and call, *King* Xioden. I am not even one of your subjects,” she said coolly, though the words had an edge of danger to them. 

“I’m sorry I didn’t…” he tried to say. 

“No. I don’t need you to be sorry. I need you to understand. That which happened was as enjoyable for me as it was for you. But that is past. You must understand that,” she said, stressing the last two words. 

“I understand. I just…” he protested, suddenly feeling foolish for getting her back into the castle. 

“There’s no justification. If you want me back...” she said, hesitating slightly before continuing, “...send flowers and a letter perhaps. Make it official, not like some ‘Red-woman’, Xioden.” 

His eyes widened and she smiled then, knowingly. 

“I know about them, my lord. I am a woman of culture,” she said in a soft voice. 

Xioden began to laugh then, suddenly aware of what the woman had been trying to do to him. As he laughed, her smile seemed to widen. He waited until the servant he had sent placed a cup in front of her and filled it up with some fruit wine before speaking. 

“How may I do better then, my lady?” he said softly, wiping his mouth with a small cloth. 

“I already did say, your majesty. Flowers and a scented letter. Perhaps some of your finest wine but we can work around that,” she said. 

He laughed. 

“I will endeavour to do that next time,” he responded before looking at the food in front of him and then at her, “Would you perhaps like to join me for lunch?” 

She followed his eyes and then returned her gaze back to him. 

“I’m honoured. Perhaps a pastry would be alright,” she said and he called the servant to see to her needs. 

As they ate, Xioden found himself sneaking looks at her, and every time he looked up, he met her eyes, she had a slight smile on her face as if she knew. He still couldn’t say how he felt about her. There was a desire there, he knew, but he wasn’t sure if the desire was entirely correct. Especially if he had to factor in what had happened the night before. 

He shook his head slightly to banish the thought. Not that he was ashamed but he didn’t want to look at her and see what he saw in the night. He wouldn’t be able to talk to her properly if he did. He glanced at her from the corner of his eye and her smile widened. 

*Blasted suns, she is beautiful…*

When he was done, he lounged in his chair and kept his gaze on her. If she was aware of when he looked, then he was going to look without sneaking. He liked her, of that much he had no doubt. It was a question of how much. 

“Lady Sera…” he began. 

“You can call me Sera, my lord. I am not worth a title,” she replied, cutting him off. 

He grinned, scratching his chin, “You enjoy cutting people off, don’t you?” 

“Not at all, my lord. I just prefer to get some things out of the way as earliest as I can,” she replied, pursing her lips in thought before getting to her feet and curtsying deeply. 

“I am sorry for my rudeness, your majesty,” she said. 

“Not that you’ve offended me, but rise. You’re forgiven,” he replied. She nodded her head and returned to her seat. 

Xioden watched as she wiped the crumbs from her mouth with a small white silk cloth which she returned to a small basket he suddenly noticed next to her. He frowned slightly before pushing the curious question away. It wasn’t his business to pry into matters that had no bearing on him. 

“Sera… What…” he said, struggling to put the question he had wanted to ask from the moment he woke up. 

“Are you perhaps about to ask about what happened?” Sera asked in a low voice, looking away from him. 

“Yes, my lady,” he answered. 

She sighed, straightening her back, before speaking. 

“Your guard, Kattus, I believe… He saw me socialising in the garden of a noble while riding out of the Pearl Province. He was with Lord Thomas and a few other guards. At least, I saw them waiting on horses behind him while he came to me on foot,” she explained. 

“Kattus told you to come?” Xioden asked. 

“Not in those words, my lord. He suggested that you needed a distraction. I wasn’t sure what he meant by that but I could see the worry on his face. I don’t know him well but I’ve never seen him look anything else but stoic. It seemed important,” she replied. 

Xioden’s smile died down then, He scratched the sides of his face as his memory of the day before swam in his mind. He remembered the news and the orders he gave out but the events after that were blurry. He did acknowledge the drinking he indulged in but that was about all he could recollect. His next awareness moment occurred after he woke up from his dreams. 

His mood darkened then. He could hear the voice of Death whispering to him in the void space, shaking reality and causing him pain. His patron was awaiting his due payment and it looked like he was about to start delivering without even meaning to. 

“Xioden!” 

He jerked his head up to meet Sera’s gaze. Bright green eyes and a worried face, closer to his than she had already been. 

“What… what happened?” he asked, swallowing. 

“I was speaking but you looked like you had entered a trance. I tried calling your attention back, my lord, but you didn’t respond,” she said before asking, “Are you unwell? Do you need me to find a healer?” 

She turned to one of the guards that had moved closer to him. “Go and find me a healer. Tell them the king requires their assistance.” 

Xioden watched as the guard scurried off before he could stop it. He allowed himself to breathe first before saying anything. 

“I am well, Sera. I was just remembering something,” he said in a rough voice. 

“I can see that. What worries you so, my king?” Sera asked, taking his hand in hers. 

“Not here,” he said looking around. He returned his attention to her and said, “Will it be presumptuous of me to ask you to join me in my chambers?”

“A little bit,” she replied with a small smile before adding, “But I will join you if you wish to talk unheard. Besides…”

“Besides?”

“...I have some skills in shielding a room against eavesdropping,” she finished with a knowing smile. 

He gave her a smile in return before getting to his feet. Taking her hand, he helped her to her feet and she fell into step next to him. Somehow, as they made their way through the castle, the feeling of her hand on his arm as they walked made him feel more confident than he had felt in days. And he couldn’t help but feel his destiny was next to him. 

\---

Lord Timon yawned as his carriage rounded the corner for the home-stretch back to the Golden city. Out of the window, he could see the city in the distance, built into the side of a mountain or a large hill. He never could say. Still, the city rose higher and higher and he could see the peak of the castle glinting in the morning sun. 

The sight made him frown. After his brief time in Illimerea, he couldn’t help but feel like he was looking at a poorly made structure marketed as anything but that. Illimerea was beautiful and he couldn’t understand how he missed it the first time around. 

His mind thought on the large emerald stone-like crystal at the peak of the Vertima Castle. He had seen the shine of the crystal, painting the surrounding buildings in a myriad of rainbow colours. The view had been breathtaking, almost to the point of breaking down in tears. 

Without meaning too, he took a glance back at the chest secured on the hold behind the carriage. A thousand magic crystals with instructions on how they might be used. He chuckled to himself once more, incredulous at how easy it had been to secure a deal with the country. 

*Roedran had truly broken them, it seems. A despicable man but I must admit he has a way in making things bend towards his will, it seems.* 

The Illimereans he met were few, with the streets remaining largely empty. He knew he was being watched but he couldn’t tell where from. The men he had negotiated with had a hollow look about them, pale-skinned and slim in build. Their blue eyes shone with malice but they spoke in mild tones. 

Presenting the deal that the king wanted hadn't been particularly difficult once he got to talking about it. Especially after he showed them the chest of gold he brought as insurance. 

That said, he suspected they had no real use for gold and from the short time he spent there, he could understand if that was the case. After all, why would gold matter to a nation, that rumours said, traded in magic and magical knowledge. 

Still, the Illimerean men nodded at the chest, with one of them removing a small crystal from the long dark blue clock they wore and whispering into it. The crystal shone with a soft white glow before dimming out. 

After that exchange, whatever it had been, they had put him in a small room with a single chair and table in the centre. On the table was a flask of what smelled like wine and a cup. He got the message that he was to wait for the crystals there. 

All in all, his visit to Illimerea was much tamer than he had feared. Much tamer than the last time he rode in as part of the former king's retinue and he was somewhat torn about how he felt about it. 

On one hand, it pleased him to no end to be able to walk in and out without a fuss. On the other, he couldn't help but feel responsible for the state at which they had left the kingdom to be under Roedran's rule. 

He had inquired from one of the Illimerean men assisting him as to who led his people but he had only been met with a hard stare and a smile than never touched his eyes. Instead, the man had simply asked if there was anything else he could help with. 

*Bah,* he thought to himself as he grumbled, *what is done is done. No point dwelling on it.* 

The carriage continued its journey down the slopes of the land, winding its way through smaller cities and towns that surrounded the Golden city. Farmhouses dotted the countryside in droves and from his window, he could see that the fields were being worked on by farm-hands. 

Some of the towns he passed were not really towns as the name suggests. Instead, it functioned more as an extension of the large manors the nobles built outside the Golden city. The noble houses in Diamond Fields were nothing more than a staging ground for most of the elites. They all wanted power and a direct line to the throne, though Roedran had dissuaded them from making any substantial headway. 

The former king had corrupted their intentions with lavish parties and wanton debauchery that persisted even after the man left the kingdom. The brilliant men and women he had grown up with, the ones that spoke about changing the kingdom for the better, had been reduced to drinking and orgies. He scratched his chin as the sudden realisation hit him. 

*Even after his departure, he still has control. What a dangerous man…*

Not to say that he didn’t love a good party. He enjoyed socialising, especially when there was good wine to be had but he kept his wits about him every time. It had been the only way to survive in the Golden city prior to Roedran’s ascension to the throne. And now, he just had to be sober and he would be progressing fine. 

“How much longer?” he asked, directing the question to the carriage driver. 

“An hour, sire. There seems to be a queue building up ahead of us. Might be an inspection,” the carriage man replied. 

“An inspection?” he said, musing to himself as he glanced at the chest of crystals before shrugging.

He doubted the inspection had anything to do with him or the mission on which he was sent. Then again, he was a trader first before he bought into the ‘power’ of his status. He removed a small book from his coat pocket and scribbled down a quick note. He reread his words three times to ensure he made no mistake before knocking on the small latch separating him from the carriage driver. 

“Sire?” the man said. 

Lord Timon folded the note and handed it to him. “Call the captain for me. I have need of him.” 

The man nodded and after a few seconds, the carriage slowed to a halt and there was a short knock on the carriage door. 

“Come in,” he said. 

The door opened to a bold stocky fellow dressed in the colours of his house, the sigil of the Blue whale visible on the left side of his coat. The captain bowed and Timon handed the small note to him. 

“Get this to Lady Kana ahead of us. Tassa says there’s a queue ahead. Use the back channels. Perhaps she can get us a speedy clearance,” he said. 

“As you wish, my lord,” the captain replied, taking the small slip of paper from him. 

“On second thought, get me an empty chest. A small one will do,” Lord Timon said. 

“You wish to separate? Is something the matter?” the captain asked, his brow rising. 

“I don’t think so, captain. But my nose is telling me something is happening in the capital. I doubt it would affect us but you know me…” he said, tapping the side of his nostrils with a knowing smile. 

“Best be safe than sorry,” the captain said in a flat tone. 

“Precisely,” he replied. 

“Permit me a few minutes, my lord. I’ll go procure a chest.” 

“Thank you, Luca,” he said with a small smile and the captain nodded before walking off. 

Timon was being truthful when he mentioned he doubted that there was trouble pertaining to their journey but word of queues made him cautious. It usually meant something was happening wherever he was heading towards. 

*Then again, there was that business about our Ireshan allies. Perhaps this is that? Have things gotten so bad that inspections into the city are now important?* 

“My lord,” the captain’s voice shook him out of his thoughts, “I have a chest available.” 

“Good. Take a few crystals from the chest as well as two more of your squad. Put someone else in charge of my safety. I want you to get to Kana before we get to the city,” he said before adding, “Can you do it?”

“Yes, sire. Assuming the back channels haven’t been discovered then it should be a quick ride,” Captain Luca replied. 

“Alright then. Be on your way. Oh and get me some wine for when I arrive,” he said. 

“As you wish, my lord,” the captain nodded before flashing a quick smile at him. 

The carriage door closed and after a few seconds, it began its movement towards the city. From the window, he could see the captain and two other men break off from the main group to their left. He maintained his eyes on them as they galloped through farmlands and disappeared in a trail of dust and sand. 

*Well, that’s that. Now to see what this inspection is about*, he thought to himself as he made himself comfortable. 

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Xioden shook himself, tearing his gaze away from the empty cup he held in his hand. He wasn’t sure how long it had been empty but he leaned forward towards the wine jar on the table and refilled it, pouring the wine until it sloshed about at the brim of the golden goblet. Rubbing his face to clear the drowsiness he was beginning to feel, he picked up the cup of wine and downed the contents in one go. 

As he set the cup down, he began to chuckle to himself. Drinking wine and getting drunk were actions that had been foreign to him, growing up in Nafri. Not to say that he didn’t drink but the strong liquor of his home country was unlike wine. And even then, he never allowed himself to get drunk. 

And yet, here he was, getting drunk and watching the sunset into the horizon from the dining room of the palace. 

After he had been left alone, or as alone as he could be with his guards still around him, the anger he had been holding on to dissipated and he was left feeling deflated and exhausted.

All he wanted was to be a good ruler. A good king that cared about his land enough to ensure that Elemira was elevated above her peers. He planned to govern the land in a manner such as to make his mother proud and yet, his father was the one erecting barriers to it. 

His father. 

Xioden squeezed his eyes shut tightly and did his best to not shake. He considered his options and wondered on what his father was planning. His mind returned to the letter written by Lord Dekkar’s councillor. The letter lying open on the table next to his plate of cold roast and hardened bread. 

*“He wants to become more than he is…”* 

He shook his head and got to his feet even as his vision blurred from the effort. The effects of the wine were intensifying but he didn’t care. Steadying himself with the table, he waited until his eyes cleared before making his way to the window. 

The warm glow of the setting sun shone on his face and for a brief moment, he basked in the glow. Once he was content with the action, he turned and slowly began to make his way back to his chambers He blinked and suddenly found himself being supported by his guards. 

He took a few steps into the corridor when his knees buckled and his vision darkened. Slurred voices filled his mind along with flashes of light and momentary awareness. And then, darkness. 

Xioden floated in the deep dark, unsure of what direction he was heading towards. He couldn’t tell his up from down and he struggled to gain control of his body. The concept of time felt abstract and just as he opened his mouth to speak into the void, he stopped as the air seemed to change.

“Everything falls, King Xioden. Everything… dies,” the voice said. 

The void seemed to shake with each word and he felt a wave of pain assault him. 

“I gave you my power so you might ascend. I am coming to collect, boy!” the voice boomed and the words echoed in the darkness, followed by laughter. 

Xioden opened his eyes and jerked upright. Cold sweat clung to his skin and he was trying to catch his breath. He couldn’t remember getting to his room and getting to his bed. His last memory had been the blackout and then, the voice. The Voice. Without meaning to, he brushed the markings on his left arm. 

He wasn’t sure if what he had experienced was a dream or a vision of sorts but he was certain that Death had been talking to him. His head pounded in paid and he slowly moved to sit at the edge of his bed. Apart from his left arm, his whole body seemed to tingle. It didn’t quite hurt but he felt exposed. 

Letting out a sigh and resting his head in his hands, he considered his options once more and the consequences of the choices he had made in the afternoon. If Kattus and Lord Thomas were performing searches as he ordered, his subjects might take it as a reason to question the ‘power’ he holds on the throne. 

Especially if the reasons for the search are kept quiet. 

“Speculation rises from that,” he muttered to himself. 

“Speculation rises from what?” a sultry voice asked and Xioden spun, his hand reaching for where he kept his sword. 

Searching the dark of his room, he tried to locate where the voice might have come from before settling on a pair of green eyes that glittered like gems. He unsheathed his sword and moved closer to the window, away from the stranger. 

“Really, your majesty? I come all this way to see you and you pull a sword on me?” came the reply as the stranger walked into the light. 

Xioden’s frown disappeared as his face softened. A nervous chuckle escaped him as he tried to remember if he somehow informed someone that he wanted to see her. And yet, the thought was fleeting the more of Sera he saw in the moonlight. 

Soft silk dress that clung to her skin, shimmering in the moonlight in a way that reminded him of the first time he met her. She moved slowly as if basking in his gaze and he slowly sheathed his sword before letting it fall to the ground by his bedside. 

Wetting his lips, he swallowed before forcing himself to speak. 

“Sera… Did I…?” he began before he noticed he was in his small clothes. His ears burned with embarrassment that only intensified when he heard her soft laugh. 

“No. I am here because I was informed you needed cheering up,” she replied as she sat gently on his bed and patted the area next to her, calling him to join her. 

He took a step before stopping. 

“Sera, you don’t…” he said. 

“I don’t do anything I don’t want to. I’m not one of Lady Unora’s women that bends at the whims of the promise of a gold coin,” she said, cutting him off. 

Her emerald eyes sharpened with an intensity that made him almost take a step back but it softened and she smiled softly at him, extending a hand for him to take. 

“I am here to offer you comfort, Nafri Prince. Come,” she said in a soft voice. 

Before he knew what he was doing, his hand met hers and he let himself be pulled to join her on the bed. In the light of the moon, he couldn’t help but feel like a fool in her presence. All the worries that he had been dwelling on had been suppressed and now, all that dominated his mind was her beauty. 

“Who sent you here?” he breathed as she moved closer to him. 

“Not important, my king. Let me offer you rest and a good night’s sleep. Talking can happen in the morning,” she whispered back to him as her hands caressed his face. 

Her lips found his, a soft kiss that lasted a lifetime and yet, too short for satisfaction. His hands wrapped around her as her lips met his once more, an embrace to last a thousand years with no end. By the third kiss, he had forgotten about everything before her. 

\---

Sun streaked through the open window, a warm feeling the room like a cosy blanket. Birds chirped and made sounds as a cool northern wind blew through Diamond Fields, a soft accompaniment to the heat from the sun. The palace guards that had kept watch through the night yawned and stretched as they bid their morning replacements a good day. 

In the lower districts, shops were open as owners began getting ready to peddle their wares. Merchant carts filled the streets and the citizens of Elemira were beginning to surround them. The smell of open bakeries filled the streets as well as that of the products hawkers sold as they walked up and down the road. 

Sera weaved her way through the throng of moving people as she always did, a small basket in hand. She moved slow but purposeful, doing her best to avoid colliding or getting roughed up by the mass of people walking up and down the districts. 

The small basket she carried was filled with some pastries and a few sweets she had procured from one of her favourite merchants. On a normal day, she would have returned to where she stayed but instead, she continued up the road towards the district gates. 

As she walked, her mind wandered on the night before. It had been a random happenstance that the king’s guard had seen her undisguised self relaxing in the company of some acquaintances. Even more random was the odd request to comfort the king. She remembered bristling at that whilst straightening her back to tear off his head. 

But his eyes. It had been the guard's eyes that made her back down before she even started. 

And as a result, she had done something she hoped to withhold from the man for a few months longer, especially as the king had shown her no interest since the last time she visited with his friend, Prince Jonshu. 

Still, the night had been worth it. 

The thought made her cheeks redden and she tripped over herself, almost falling to the floor. 

“Easy there, lass,” a male voice called out from behind her and she whispered a quick word of thanks before hurrying off. 

The king had been gentle and equally forceful and she couldn’t help but wonder on how he seemed to know what to do when push came to shove. She wasn’t naive to believe that it had been his first time but still, the man had shown considerable skill and focus for someone who had only woken from a nightmare. 

*I have to test him again. For research… just to see how good he really is. Yesterday night was just for comfort. Just for… Oh blasted sun above, Sera… It was just for a night. You were not on your best game. But, I mean… Perhaps, if I…*

Sera shook in place to free herself from the thoughts. Cursing under her breath, she sped up her walk towards the gate. She was beginning to act like a maiden and it refused to consider what it could mean. She knew what the snakes had said about him and her. She had accepted it as fate. She just couldn’t accept that her fate would begin as such. 

As she entered the Thorn district, she let her illusion fall away. She was back in an element she could navigate with her own face, even if she masked aspects of her identity. After all, she was simply a guest of the princesses of Elemira. And based on how little the princesses were thought of both in the upper districts and in Elemira as a whole, she enjoyed the anonymity.

She was hoping to spend a few days with the princesses, to sniff out what the king thought about their ‘fun’ the night before. 

A few paces from the Thorn District gate, was a Carriage Hire service that operated exclusively for the elite and for those who had the coin to match their requests. They were expensive and rightly so, based on the gold and bronze trimmings on the carriage as well as the well-bred horses they kept for such rides. 

Sera had only walked a few steps towards the place when she heard a familiar whisper in a voice like that of a thousand hissing snakes wishing to speak as one.  

*Return to him, Sera. The king wishes to speak…*

She paused eyeing the owner of the carriage service. The man, short by her standards, gave her a wide smile. She flashed a quick smile at him too before making a show of checking her small basket. 

“How do you know?” she breathed. 

*He has sent his men to find you. He requests your presence…*

She raised her head back to the owner and gave him an awkward smile, doing her best to show a sudden realisation she hoped he would understand. She wasn’t wrong. The owner’s smiled dwindled a moment before shaking his head as if to dissuade her from drawing closer. She let out a loud sigh in response before turning and walking back to the main road that led up towards the upper districts. 

She stopped and smoothed her dress as she did her best to not think about why the king had requested her presence. She knew but she couldn’t let herself acknowledge it. Whatever had happened, happened in the moment. A moment beset by coincidences and useless emotions. And yet… 

Sera shook her head and took in a deep breath. She was acting like a fool. The core of her reason in Elemira was about to be realised and here she was, diddling around like an unemployed fool. 

Instead, she straightened her back and turned the scowl on her face into a light smile. Regardless of how the connection had been solidified, she had created a direct connection with her destiny. She just had to capitalise on it before it all went south. 

Besides, she really wanted to know what about the man-made the oracle snakes jittery. Her mind wandered back to the foretelling she had received on the night she had met him and her knees wobbled. It wasn’t a ‘want’. She needed to know about the man. At least enough to decide whether or not the man would be better with her blade in his heart. 

\---

Lord Thomas Sengh checked the sheet in his hands once more, reading through it to ensure that he wasn’t missing anything important. After all, it was the new king’s first order to him and he intended to carry it out to the best of his ability, though he didn’t think it was going to account to much. 

War was a game that he didn’t care for. One that he had gotten good at, though some would say great. Still, the penchant to kill another over a disagreement was a notion that was weird to him, especially in the manner in which it was celebrated by others around him. 

He understood the necessity, having participated in the skirmish against Hanase in the south and even against the Forsaken lands of the East. The skirmish was a disagreement that would have turned into a full-blown war had he not intervened to put down the usurpers carrying out despicable acts against their own people. 

It didn’t create an ally with the country but Hanase thanked him for his speedy resolution with an added reminder that he keep his attention out of the country for good. He understood that and he respected it. 

The war that made no sense to him was the Illimerean War, started by the former King Roedran who cited a report about the country amassing weapons of magic and destruction in an effort to raze Elemira to the ground. He had voiced his reservations then but Roedran was… something. 

Rolling the sheet up, he handed it over to his councillor, a slim, hooked-nosed man who stood to the side of his table. 

“Everything is as it should be. Give the order for them to move out, Janai and call the Captain-General for me,” he said. 

“Yes, my lord,” Janai bowed deeply and exited the tent he used as his main office. 

Slumping back into his chair, he picked up a cup on the table and refilled it with some fruit punch from a nearby jar. The taste of strawberry filled his senses and he allowed himself a sigh of satisfaction. 

Just as he was about to refill his cup once more, the flaps of the tent moved and the person he wished to see walked in. 

Standing roughly at his height, black gelled hair and blue piercing eyes, Captain-General Datton walked to stand in front of his table. Lord Thomas sighed and rose to his feet, giving his visitor a nod. The man responded with an Elemiran salute, his left hand behind his back and his right planted on his chest with his hands balled in a fist. 

“Sir,” Datton said. 

“That was quick,” Lord Thomas said, moving from behind the table. 

“I was on my way to you, my lord, when your councilman hailed me down. He said you wished to see me so I quickened my pace,” Datton replied. 

Lord Thomas simply nodded before saying, “Walk with me.” 

He exited the tent, taking his time to stroll just beside it. Captain Datton followed him closely, maintaining half a step behind him. He observed the military camp’s activity, noting the men that were being put to practice their sword forms and positions. Army Trainers called out stances and poses and recruits did their best to emulate what they had been taught. 

Elsewhere, a few paces from where the recruits were practising, squads were being pitted against each other with wooden swords. The plan was to test how well they worked together as a team. It was a training style he had personally developed, one made to weed out a squad’s shortcomings. If the weaknesses could be stamped out, they would become a force to be reckoned with. 

“For what reason were you coming to see me?” he asked suddenly, returning his attention to the man walking close to him. 

The Captain-General seemed to startle as before regaining composure and replying. 

“It’s about the number you’re sending me with, sir. Five hundred men won’t be enough. If we wish to stop Nafri in their endeavours, we should go with a thousand-man army, at least.”

“Five hundred is all that we can do at the moment,” Lord Thomas replied. 

“With all due respect, there are five hundred more to the east of this camp running drills. I can take them along-” Datton protested. 

“No. The five hundred you’re taking with you is all that’s needed at the moment,” he said before stopping and turning to face the captain. He sighed, seeing the concern on the soldier’s face. 

“There’s… a game afoot in the kingdom. A game that the players are still very much unaware of. For that game to be won, we can only lend our allies five hundred of our finest men,” he explained. 

The captain seemed to think about the answer for a moment as if weighing the decision to inquire about what kind of game he meant. Lord Thomas wasn’t particularly worried about it. From what he knew about the captain, all he needed more often than not was a reason to act, no matter how questionable it might be. 

It was why he had chosen the captain to lead the five hundred men. He needed them to follow without complaints and from the way the captain’s eyes began to shine with conviction, he was certain he had accomplished that aspect of the plan. 

Captain Datton saluted, his face set in grim determination. Lord Thomas sighed, giving the man a small smile before smoothing his face once more. 

“What did you wish to see me for, my lord?” Datton asked. 

“For the same reasons you came to see me...” he replied, making his way back to the tent before stopping and turning to face the captain. 

*One more nail in the coffin for assurance…* 

“...it would appear great minds think alike, Datton,” he added after careful consideration. 

The captain’s face beamed with a smile, “That they do, my lord. That they do.” 

With that, the man bowed to him before spinning on his heels and making his way back down to the army camp below the tent. 

Lord Thomas watched him go with a heavy heart. There was death in the captain’s future. One that had been engineered long before there was any knowledge of war with Nafri. After all, it was his plan that led to the death of the Ireshan lords and the sad finish to Sir Richard Drutithe. 

He didn’t like war but he took solace in the fact that he knew how to fight it. And how to start it. 

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|**Current Related** **Characters:** 

* Prince Xioden, 35th Prince of the Kingdom of Elemira, Son of the Mad King Roedran
* Murena, Xioden's Mother
* Oshun, former goddess, deity of the river and fresh water, luxury and pleasure, sexuality and fertility, and beauty and love.

**Seasons:**

* Kyteka, The risen sun
* Routoni, The white death
* Tilhaan, The weeping sky

**Unique** **Features:**

* The people who live in Nafri are predominantly dark-skinned. Along with that, they generally have tough skin which hard to pierce through. As such, they thrive in melee combat as that is how they test their strengths against each-other. They also have longer lifespans. There’s a supposedly a shrine, hidden somewhere in the mist that is generated at the lows of the Mountains of Kya. The mist is ever present, heavy and thick and unless led by a divine hand, it is extremely easy to get lost in the mist. According to the markings of the earlier tribes in Nafri, the effectiveness of the mist depends on the age of the pilgrim that sets foot within it.

**Description:**

* Nafri is a land of hard earth and tall trees. It has a few cities within its lands, with the largest being the most notable one and the capital of the kingdom; Bonlu City. Bonlu City is situated to the north of the kingdom, a few miles from the border separating Nafri from the lands of Iresha. The city is surrounded by a set of village clusters, in which some of the tribes of Nafri live, as opposed to living in the city. The tribes are generally more traditional than the citizens that live within the cities in Nafri, though they don’t particularly look down on any of them. The other cities of Nafri are, Kyteka’ra, Dunlan and Meka’an. 

**Sights:**

* The Rivers of Lollu - The rivers of Lollu, flows through the land itself, connecting the four cities of the kingdom, with smaller tendrils of the river extending towards the village tribes. It is said that the river was created with by a dying god of the land, as a means to create a lasting legacy.   
"*Wherever the rivers of Lollu touches, there will be life."*   
It is also believed, that when the whole land is one, the rivers will sing the song of ancients to bring the god back to life. This is generally taken to be a myth
* The Mountains of Kya - The mountains of Kya can be seen from anywhere in Nafri as its peaks are high up enough to be hidden by the clouds. Few have visited the mountains as it is protected by a strange mist. And the stories of the few who have visited the mountains tell tales about the monsters hidden therein. There is a rumour however, that a person has gone through the mountains and found the 'path'. Although, this has not been backed and the supposed person hasn't be found
* The Gugera caves - The underlying caves in Nafri. The cave entrance is situated in Dunlan. Legend has it that it was constructed by the first natives of Nafri as an escape from the white death that fell from the sky. it stretches far and wide, housing minerals which are mined and sold within Nafri. It is one of the exports of the kingdom. 
* The Mist - Whilst the mist is dangerous, in that it is known to easily lead men astray to their deaths, it is still one of the more famous sights of the kingdom. It is generally known to be at the foot of the mountains of Kya, but some elderly Nafri men have told of instances where the mist appear within villages, seeking out those it deems worthy of the journey away from the world. This is why most of the elders see the mist as the last calling of life, and as such, enter the mist when they feel they have lived long enough. This is usually celebrated. 

**Sounds:**

* Music is done by hand woven instruments. *(More on this later)*

**Politics:** 

* The leadership of the kingdom is hereditary, in other words, only those born to the family of the current ruler may ascend the throne. This has caused a few problems in the governing of the land, as there have been periods where the king on the throne is far too young or far too naive. The current king, King Tekuni, is a spindly looking man, who is trying to extend his dominance past the lands of Nafri. He currently has his eyes set on Iresha. 

**Religion:**

*  The people have Nafri are more on the superstitious side, than religious in itself. They believe in the existence of entities and deities but are not necessarily subservient of them. They believe the deities do not need worship or sacrifice but fear and reverence. 
* The three seasons of the kingdom are named after the new deities they believe in. Kyteka is believed to the deity representing the sun and the unrelenting heat therein. During this season, the earth is usually cracked from the dryness and crops struggle to grow. The heat is usually intense, and as a result, the Nafri people wear less. 
* Routoni is believed to be deity representing the white rain that falls from the sky. They see him (as they believe it's a male) as an evil but necessary deity who comes every year to remove the sick from the healthy. Due to this, no one touches the bodies claimed by the white death, as they see it as interfering with the deity's work.
* Tilhaan is seen as the merciful deity, who comes to wash away the effects the white death, as well as prepare the people of Nafri for the risen sun. 

**----------------------------------------------------** 

I've moved a few things around added the bits I think are needed for a first edition post. I've got more ideas of what I'd like to include in the world, but I need to fine-tune aspects so as to make some sense in the grand scheme of Death-Bringer. There's a few things that have popped out to me as potential story threads within Xioden's story but I'll save that for the actual story postings  :D

**----------------------------------------------------** 

With the first bits done, I’m going to start working on the first edition of **The** **Land** **of** **Elemira** next, so please do look forward to it. 

And before I sign out for the night, do tell…

***What*** ***about*** ***the*** ***lands*** ***would*** ***you*** ***be*** ***interested*** ***in*** ***learning*** ***about?***"I still have the images of Pa and Ma in my head. Their faces are bright and vivid, full of love and compassion as it always was whenever they looked at me.  It is a face I miss. I face that I can't seem to see anymore in the waking world. Then again, there isn't much to see anymore.

"I was 3 when they came for Pa and Ma. I didn't have a name then. They never gave me one. Or maybe they did but I wasn't old enough to remember the name they called whenever they wanted to get my attention. I was a kid, after all. Ma had placed me in my cot, along with a stuffed brown bear and some other toy. I think it was a blue-striped tiger. It's hard to say, to be honest. My memory is all over the place now.

"All I really remember was the sound of a bang. It was loud. Unsettling. I started to cry for all the obvious reasons a 3-year old might find in being startled. Ma ran in and picked me up. She left my room and ran out the back door. It was raining that night. Pouring as if the heavens were crying for what was going to happen. Behind the house was a forest that got fuller, the deeper you go. That's where she ran into.

"She ran for as long as she could, until she found a small cave just nearby a stream. She got in with me, rocked me out of my tears and to sleep. And when my eyes opened, she was nowhere to be found.

"I was 3. I was nameless.

"And now I'm not 3. Haven't been for a long time. Instead, I find myself here... with you. Looking into your eyes and counting the sins you've committed. I have to say, they are many," I say to him.

The man struggles against his bindings, making noises at me. From the manner at which he glares at me, he's probably swearing and cursing me in every tongue imaginable. I don't blame him. In a different life, I might be doing the same to him. Still, I'm in this life. And I don't like being insulted.

My hand smacks the side of his face with a force that echoes in the room. It shuts him up for a few seconds but I wait patiently. At least, until he can refocus his glare on me.

"See, Mr Anderson. I'm actually not the bad guy here. I'm just a..." I wave my hand around as I try to find the words to use. English is not my best language. It never really was to begin with. The room is musty but small enough for the work I plan to do. A single door, a single window and a small chair on which my victim sat in.

"...victim. I'm just a victim of circumstance, hunting for some revenge and well deserved catharsis, really. When I dragged the bodies of your three bodyguards to nail to your front door, I was being gratuitous. I can admit that much. But I really mean to kill you fast and without all the theatrics. *If*, you give me the information I want."

His glare intensifies for a brief second. And then he makes a sound like he wants to talk. I drag the binding from his mouth down and wait.

"Jonathan Green. The man who sanctioned the hit. Jonathan Green. Now, let me go..." he spits, all the while still glaring daggers at me. I don't blame him. I still have a young face accompanied by bright blue eyes and wispy blond hair.

"Right... Jonathan. Biblical name, bastard in the flesh. Makes sense. Right. Thank you, Mr Anderson. I'm going to put the binding back on now. I don't think you want to lose your voice with what's going to happen next," I say in a cheerful tone.

"What do you mean? Let me go. I've told you what you want. Go get him. Leave me the fuck out of it. Let me go, you basta-"

I stuff his mouth back with some cloth and step away from him. His stared at me with contempt as he started another round of swearing and curses. A small part of me warms up to the gesture and I laugh as i start to change.

Breathing out a puff of smoke from my mouth, my skin hardens and then reddens, with black tattoos covering my arm. The shirt I'm wearing burns away and I'm left standing shirtless. My fingers lengthen slightly, even as my nails sharpen to points. My teeth do the same. Snarling a bit, I cock my head to the side as my horns start to protrude from the top of my head. That bit always hurt.

Still, it is always worth the change, especially when my victims see it happen in real time. Mr Anderson's not smiling anymore.

I don't think he'll ever smile again.

\---I have been walking for hours now. Well, hours since awareness set in and I noticed that i was in a dark plane of sorts. All I can see is a few meters ahead of me, lighting up as if to indicate where my next step should be. A dark mist surrounds me, obscuring my view of the world I'm in. The ground my bare feet is walking on is coarse and unsteady. It feels sandy under the soles of my feet, albeit a little bit warm to touch.

There is no wind here. At least, none that I've felt so far. It's just the journey.

I have tried stopping a few times but for reasons outside my power, I haven't been able to do that. Instead, I feel the intense compulsion to walk, so I walk.

As my legs take me on the unknown journey I'm on, the manner of the location and the atmosphere reminds me of a time I walked about with Jonathan. Jonathan is... well... He was my first love if anything. Friendly, Brotherly and then it became something different.

Something pure.

\---

*It had been hard, coming out back then but we did it and moved away from all the naysayers and the bastards that went the distance to make our lives miserable. We figured a new start would be ideal to cleanse our spirits and our minds and help us move on.*

*And we found a nice little cottage miles away from everything and everyone we had ever known. It was cosy and it was home. It was placed near a thick forest running just along the road to the house but extending farther beyond. There was a river that ran through the forest too, visibly from the attic of the cottage on clear sky days.*

*Every now and then, he and I would go hiking or just walking through the forest. On the days he decided to take a break from his writing, I mean. I worked a nature photographer and Jonathan loved books enough to want to make one of his. And he did. It sold well. And we could live away from people as a result.*

*I can feel myself smiling as the memory floods my senses and just as my heart begins to lift, the memory catches up to present day and my mood sours.*

*The walk through the forest had been our calming moments till I discovered the reasons why he loved the walk.*

\---

I grimace and a pained sigh escapes me. As it does, I frown at the brightening of the scene before me. I can see more meters of the ground ahead of me and the outline of a horizon through the mist alongside that of mountains tall enough for me to not see the peaks.

*This is one heck of a weird dream...*

I whisper to nobody in particular and something changes in the mist. The sound of faint laughters drift towards me and I try to *will* my body to stop walking but it only charges on. Sweat forms on my forehead and I begin to feel clammy. A strange fear is working its way through my body and there's no way to stop it.

Wiping the sweat of my brow, I notice the ground feels a lot warmer than it did moments ago. It gives an uncomfortable feeling, akin to walking or running on hot rocks. I don't like it. But it appears the dream is not giving me much of a choice.

Jonathan didn't either, come to think of it.

\---

*After a few years of living in our little cottage, I began to notice a few things that happened with a frequency that piqued my interest. It was minor really but there was something in it that fascinated me. Thinking on it now, a part of me wishes that it had remained an unsatisfied curiosity as opposed to what came out of it. The truth that changed my relationship with him forever.*

*Every couple months, we'd get a visitor over at the cottage. Usually a fan doing an interview or a journalist all coming to hear from Jonathan in regards to his latest book. My husband was well known in the horror circles and something about the books he wrote captured his audience in a manner unlike the other books in the same genre. Having actually checked his fans on social media, I could tell that his books really meant a lot to people.*

*I wasn't a horror fan so I shirked from reading the things he wrote.*

*In any case, he'd get his visitor. We'd all have lunch, talk, laugh and all. The visitor or journalist would always fawn over Jonathan's words and then towards the evening, Jonathan would escort them out back towards the bus stop while I clean up.*

*The cottage to the bus stop is about a 30 minutes walk to get there and return. Jonathan would return in about an hour and a half. I'd ask him why he took long and his answer would always be the same.*

*"Just needed the fresh air, Martin. I'm back now."*

*He'd say it with a coy smile and the other follow-up questions would vanish from my mind. And that was how it always worked until I got a call in the house from a family member of one of our previous visitors. Asking if we've heard or seen them since. Even now, I can't believe I misread the look he gave when I told him who had called and why.*

*Concern had flashed across his face. There was no way I could have known it was for him and not for the missing person. And even after everything came out. I still loved him.*

*Enough to offer my help to him.*

\---

I wipe more sweat from my forehead. The heat feels pressuring now. I swallow as I regard the landscape, slightly clearer now than it had when I became aware of what I was doing. The ground is hot and it does feel like walking on hot rocks. The horizon shimmers in the heat and I wonder if there's a place I can stop. Or somewhere I can rest in the shade of a tree or a building.

Laughter echoes from behind me and I try to turn to see who was laughing. I shake from fear. A figure darts into my blindspot but my legs continue walking forward. I glance down at my feet, preparing myself for the blisters that should be forming when I notice that I'm completely naked.

A gasp escapes me as I make an attempt to cover myself and fail in the process. My hands remain by my side, swinging in the rhythm of my gait.

I hear a new sound. The sound of a car. My head swivels right in time to catch a nondescript car speed past me before I can even shout for help.

The car drives out of view.

And I continue walking.

\--- ---



Additionally, I have another story similar to this one (and slightly referenced) which you can catch on here:The walk back to the basement is slow but I don't particularly mind. The night air is fresh and the moon looks beautiful against the dark-blue sky. A soft wind blows through the air, and I am reminded that it is nights like these that make me the most happiest happy person in Primrose Town.

The large bag balancing on my shoulder squirms uncontrollably for a few minutes but it is easy to ignore. It's not like it annoys me or anything, plus once I get to the basement, I'll get to unwrap my runaway gift and securing it better this time. The thought fills me with inner joy and I can't help but try to skip as a result. Nonetheless, I do try. The jumping with the bag is awkward but I cause some of the passersby next to me to laugh.

I always do love it when others join in on my fun. It's a nice reminder that we are all happy and with happiness, we get positive results.

\---

I lock the basement behind me, not because I'm scared but mostly because I'm about to have a long and busy night. On such nights, I like to lock the door tightly, so that I don't get random knocks from the Bradleys next door, though I have to admit, they haven't really come down. I mean, where would they be coming down to if they are already staying with me, right?

The basement is simple enough, a large square space with some cages, a few bowls for feeding my pets and an outlet in the cages for bodily waste. I used to think I'd have to teach my pets how to use them but they learnt almost immediately. It's not like I'd get mad if they didn't use it, but it's a sign of bad training and bad training should be stamped out.

That's what Dr Michael says, at least.

It was the last thing he said to me, come to think of it.

No matter. I drop the body bag into an empty cage. It's in the middle of the other cages where Mr and Mrs Bradley have been spending the nights in. I can't help but frown a bit though. They are usually more active than they currently are. They are looking at me though, so maybe they are hungry. I'll probably feed them in a few minutes once I'm done introducing my new pet to his home.

I undo the bindings around the bag as well as the one tying the mouth of the bag shut. My pet wriggles out in haste and I wait. No point rushing. It's always nice to enjoy the little things in life, so I smile and encourage him on.

"Come on, boy... Come on..." I say.

I see the head of a man appear at the bag's opening and he immediately shies away from me. It makes me sad a little but it's to be expected. He hasn't met me before. I give him a broad smile and wave. Dr Michael said waving with a smile is usually a good indication that one means know harm. And I don't. So I oblige. The man doesn't agree though because he just continues to wiggle away from me and it is then I'm grateful I secured his hands and legs so that he doesn't hurt himself.

I would hate to see him hurt himself.

I grab the bag by the tips and pull it off him gently, though he recoils properly now, tucking his legs closer to his body. I don't mind though. I'll leave him for now. Might as well let him settle down for a few hours before beginning my training of him.

I throw the bag to the corner and walk to the long table I use for my science experiment. It's really not a stretch for me to admit how much I love science. Especially the work of a certain Doctor. I mean, I get that it is fictional but what if, what if it could actually be done, you know? The very thought causes me to titter on the verge of mad excitement.

My eyes inspect the tools I have been using for the experiment. Usually, after every session of play with my pets, I ensure to keep the tools washed and ready for the next play time. Then I do an inspection and possibly some note-taking on what steps I want to take next. The next few hours are going to make me giddy.

"Who are you? What do you want from me?" I hear my new pet say, in his deep voice after which he adds in a lighter voice, "Please don't kill me."

Now that, that is something I'm not keen on.

"Now, now, pet. I'm not a killer. I'm a scientist. And we're about to embark on a magnicent journey together!" I reply with a smile I hope is infectious.

"Please don't kill me," he says again, desperately.

"Come on, I have no reason to kill you. Ask them!" I reply, pointing towards the Bradleys.

His eyes follow my finger and I see him recoil in disgust which is offensive. They are to be his new playmates. he can't be showing hostility towards them so early in their relationship.

"What's... what's wrong with them?" he asks in a shaky voice and then I remember why they've been quiet.

"Ah... my bad... I cut out their tongues a few days back. They wouldn't stop making noise and it was distracting."

Horror flashes across his face and I've decided he's not a happy pet and that's not a nice thing to think about. Maybe I should take a break from the basement and return back in a few hours. He'll probably be more amenable to his new duties. In the meantime, I have some ice cream and cake waiting for me and I just can't wait to tuck in with an episode of "Modern Living" as entertainment.

\---Everyone had gone silent almost immediately. Their numerous focused on the one being that they all had used as the villains in their deification stories. It had been made easy because humanity had taken him to be bad on account of his disobedience to the Creator himself. He hiccuped and a chuckle rippled through the gathering. In their history, no one had ever seen Lucifer get drunk but here he was, wasted beyond compare and standing on the bar counter. They all watched as he hiccuped again, dropping to seat on the counter instead. The comical nature of it made the crowd laugh a bit more now.

Lucifer raised his hands to quiet them down, before returning his glass to the bartender and speaking.

"God is dead." Lucifer began.

"No He's not!" One of the other gods shouted and the crowd jeered.

"Yeah... no... he's not dead. But I tell you, he's not here!" Lucifer replied, a wry smile forming on his face. His tone was musical, but not particularly humorous.

"Of course. We know He's not here." Another god shouts and the crowd begins to laugh now.

"You misunderstand. God is not... here. He's not here..." Lucifer pointed to his feet and then pointed to a random spot in the bar adding, "...He's not there... and He's not around."

The former bright morning star waved his hands around. He stretched a hand towards the bartender who put a glass of Ichor Liquor in it and Lucifer drank deeply, emptying the glass in seconds.

"He has been gone for centuries. It's why his pet project suffers. He and his son, Jesus. And some angels. And an Archangel or two. I 'unno."

"You're a liar and a deceiver, Lucy!" Pan, the god of nature, said loudly his voice as deep as the earth.

"I am!!" Lucifer pointed towards him and then, himself before continuing, "...I am a liar but this is the truth."

His arm fell to the counter, his face showing the despair that he had been keeping at bay for years since God had informed him of his reason.

"God is not here because he's gone to save us."

"Save us from what? We're gods. He's the only one above us." Zeus spat, his thunderous voice shaking the bar. Another god put his hand on Zeus' shoulder to calm him down.

"Not true. He's gone to stave off the Ancient Ones... They are planning to wake that which should not wake." Lucifer replied soberly.

"And who would that be?" Anubis asked, sniffing angrily.

"Azathoth."

There was a ripple of fear through the crowd.

"He was supposed to be back by now. But he isn't. That's one of the reasons I'm drinking." Lucifer said, climbing off the counter.

"What's the other reason?" A frightened voice in the crowd called out.

"Cthulhu just woke up in the pacific. And I'm not sure we have enough belief in us to stop him."

---

**My therapist sat across me, her legs crossed and her hands resting on it. She had a book opened and every few minutes her pen would scribble what I assumed to be a few words on my mental state. Something about the action made the hour I was paying her for seem useless. She was supposed to help. She was supposed to help me. Her dark eyes seemed to take me in, observing me and trying to put what she thought was wrong with me into words.

"Would you like to start again from the top?" she asked me quietly.

"You don't believe me. I've said the same story three times now and you still chuck it down to an overactive imagination and some deep trauma caused by my loss. You keep telling me that the werewolves I suffered are the reason why I'm imagining that they exist everywhere, even in the day time," I replied.

I got up to my feet and paced the room. Her eyes followed me and the pen scribbled something new in the book. The memory in my mind ate at me relentless.

"I was traveling the world, taking your advice. '*Run away from the werewolves, even if temporary*'. Those were your words. So I did it. Took a trip to Africa, a road tour through the countries," I began.

She scribbled and I continued.

"And this one day, the sun high in the sky, I decided to stop on the road out on an open plane, no houses or people in sight. Just bare land, the sun and African mountains. It was close to midday at this point. The man next to me, an elderly black man who acted as a guide advised I continue on. Something about being in a dangerous place. We had been driving all morning that day, trying to get to Kenya by road. It was hot, I was sweating and I needed something to drink. And I needed to relieve myself."

"Where were you coming from?" she asked.

"I... I don't remember. I know we had gone through Togo, Nigeria and Ghana. I know we were moving eastward. Not sure why, but we had to. We stopped briefly, as I said. But the man only got more antsy. I teased waiting a bit longer but decided not to aggravate the man who was on the verge of a panic. He was my guide after all."

She nods slowly and I found myself sitting back across from her.

"We both get in the car and I try to start it. The ignition roars for a few minutes before dying on us. The man swore in his language from that. I tried again and again and with each try, the man seemed to descended in fervent praying. I eventually stopped and grabbed him by his arm to ask what was making him... you know... panic."

"And that's when he spoke about the werewolves?"

"No, not werewolves. Never werewolves. I wasn't seeing things," I stared at her intently and she returned the stare back. I needed to convince her somehow. Convince her that things were far different.

"Noted," she said tightly.

"He began a story about a tribe that lived around the lands we were on. About how they were a little more than monsters and how we had to leave as soon as we can.  About how, every now and then, they would come out from their recluse and 'change skins'. He said that the stories usually downplayed them as myths and folk tales but he says it is true. That the skinless were as real as anything else in the world. He stressed this and I try the car again. As I do, a black man and woman seemingly appear from nowhere to offer a hand in getting the car to work.

"I wasn't paying attention so I thought they were genuinely there to help, you know. So they pop open the bonnet and try to see what was going on. The man, sitting next to me, had gone pale and mute, shaking his head so fast i thought he was vibrating, you know."

It is then I noticed my hands were shaking. Sweat formed on my forehead and I hastily wiped it away. I just needed her to believe me. I'm tired of keeping the thoughts to myself. I wet my lips and continued.

"As soon as the bonnet went up, the man opened the door and bolted out of the car, running back the way we came. I came out and called after him but he only seemed to run faster. Suddenly, a blur whizzes past me and I see the woman was running after him. And the way she ran... Faster than anyone I've ever seen. on two legs, mind you... Not like werewolves at all.

"She runs, and I turn back to catch the man smiling a wicked smile at me. He returned his gaze to the woman and I follow it. I watch as she catches up to him and strikes him. That was what it looked like from where I stood. I shouted angrily and turned back to the man to give him a piece of my mind when it happened."

"When what happened?" she asked softly.

"That's when they began to change. Or whatever it is that was. The man appeared to grow taller but it looked like his skin was being stretched more than it could. And I only confirmed that when the skin ripped like paper, sinew and blood becoming apparent. I shook, rooted to the spot as this horrific thing grew till it tower over me, patches of skin hanging on its body. The creature was smooth, unnaturally smooth, with long spindly limbs. It had no eyes and mouth, but the spacings there said there should be. it had sharpened ends for fingers and it sorta looked at me. Or turned its head towards me. That was when I blacked out."

"And when you woke up, you were back here? Back in London?"

"Yes. Yes! I don't know what happened. I don't know how I returned back. I feel like I'm missing days and months of memories but that last memory I know is real. I know it's real."

I glance at the watch to see if my hour was up. It wasn't and a slight relief washed over me. Slight. the time said 11:56am. I had a few minutes left before she finished our session. I wiped the sweat on my forehead once more and clasp my hands together to stop them from shaking.

"So this creatures, why are they so important to you? Why do you want me, no... why do you need me to believe in you?" she asked. I stared into her eyes once more and gave her an answer.

"Because they want you next."

\---The cup of tea on my table was getting cold.

And that little fact was getting on my nerves far more than the case folder in front of me. I had told Dave that I wanted to take the day off. I had begged him, I had pleaded and even offered to dock some of my pay for the month just so that I can have a day to myself that wasn't filled with karma balancing but the douche won't let me. I closed my eyes, inhaling and exhaling to calm my nerves before I raged out. I'm pretty sure that the work I have done this month alone should have been enough to get me one fucking day off.

At this point, it's just a whatever scenario.

The case that he put on my table looked like a clusterfuck on karma accounting gone wrong. I turned the page back to the beginning and re-read again, to get a proper feel of the things I'd need to do with re-balance it back to what it was supposed to be.

The case target was a lady known as Sophia Taggart. She was abused as a kid by her own parents before child services got wind of it. And when they did, they placed her in a foster home where she only got more abuse. Still, when she left foster care and hit out on her own, her karma was balanced back into the positive. I turned the next page to find that the negative karma gain she was getting was from her own child, Marcie, who she's apparently neglecting. I shook my head in disappointment but it made sense. How does one with an history of abuse do better without the right tools? Right?

The accountant that dealt with this case apparently balanced Marcie's karma by removing all the kid's mother had gained over the years of abuse. So now, Sophia's in a bad state and the kid's karma is beginning to suffer for it. This was a poor job all round, probably done by a newbie.

I sighed and looked at my cup of tea.

It was probably cold now, which meant I'd have to go warm it up in the microwave. I cursed quietly in my mind but returned back to the case. I can't increase Marcie's karma anymore than it has already been increased. The family's karma balance is already affected by the poor accounting.

As I re-read the pages in front of me, an idea came to mind and I think it might work. I opened up my karma calculator and plugged in some figures. See, when it came to normal human economics, no sort of top-down money structure would work in the manner that people wanted but good karma... Good karma flows downwards faster than possible.

I checked Marcie's current karma balance, which was far more than her mother ever even had. Still, it had been reduced and it looked like it was reducing with each day. If I can correct the mistake my predecessor did, then maybe... maybe I can salvage this case before the day is over.

\---Dear Timothy McLovin, 

I am deeply honoured that you sent me a letter, though I suspect it wasn't intended to me. Fret not, however, for your letter has warmed by heart, cold as it may be and I think that this one time, I can be of *good* to you. So, all of that which you have requested, you will be receiving with a slight change. You're only five years old, so you will get the presents that will best fit your age. 

Once again, I am moved. You are a sweet soul. Hopefully, we won't have to discuss business when you're older. 

Yours Kindly, 

The *former* Bright Morning Star

---

Mr and Mrs McLovin... 

Your negligence has caused your wonderful son to send me a letter. The letter made me smile so my anger can't be aimed at him. It is for you. I will ignore this slight, on account of your son's sweetness but should I receive another letter next year, well... As it stands, you already have reserved spots down here. 

I get another from Timothy, and you'll get promoted to VIP. 

I shouldn't have to say it but you do **NOT** want that promotion. 

Yours Devilishly, 

Satan

---

Santa, 

Attached to this letter, is a letter from a sweet little boy called Timothy McLovin. 

See to it that he gets everything he has requested, according to his age. Delay the rest till he reaches the age at which he can handle the rest of his requests. 

As payment, I will subtract a decade off your sentence down here. 

Regards, 

Satan

---

To Whom This Might Concern, 

If it is an intern reading this, forward this letter to either Michael, Raphael or... dare I say it, Jesus. 

I am choosing to do a kid a favour and I will like to request that it doesn't get blocked by any angels down on earth. I am still keeping to the pact of not *personally* affecting the lives of children under the ages of 6. You can still fight my demons over that. 

Kindest Regards, 

Lucifer.

---

**——————————Day 1——————————

I'm writing this all down for posterity purposes. Not as a record, per se, but more as proof that what I am experiencing is not a drawn out hallucination manifested by my mind. As a result, I will have to confess something that some of my family and close friends have whispered and said to my face, even though it has mostly been in jest.

And it is basically this;

I have never been in trouble.

This is somewhat true. I have lived my life in a manner to not be put in danger, and not be in danger in any form. The world as it works, as you dear reader know, is such as to slow down time whenever someone is in danger. My parents have had this happen to them, and it's the reason why I am alive today. Otherwise, a drunk driver would have claimed three souls that day. Most of my friends have encountered the same, though how slow it became varied.

I have never had time slow for me, because I have never been in danger. That's probably the biggest positive. Except, I think I am experiencing my 'one' time. I'm just unsure about what to do because time hasn't slowed down for me.

It has stopped.

Completely.

——————————Day 3——————————

Today is day three and the sun is still suspended in the afternoon sky like a lamp that won't turn off. And because of that, sleeping has been an issue. I think I have had like four or five single-hour nap in the last few days and suffice to say, I'm not coping well.

On the plus side, food is relatively always fresh so I have been eating well enough, I guess. I have spent the waking hours trying to figure out why Time has stopped for me. If I'm in that much of a danger. What could it be. You know.

I walked away from the house, with the journal. I left my belongings somewhere by a police station after a few hours. Maybe it was a robber? or poison? or an allergic reaction? I don't know. I'm currently at Frank's house. Frank Grayson. He’s my best friend, more like the brother I never had really. We work in the same company, though in different departments.

I’ve known him longer than I’ve known most people. I mean, he and I were neighbours growing up. We became close friends and we just never drifted through the years. Same high schools, same colleges and heck, we shared a crush between us. He won that bet though and proceeded to marry her.

He's in the living room with Martha, his girl, and I guess they were (or are) watching a romcom. I knew he wasn't sick. He just wanted to spend the afternoon with his wife. He’s the more romantic one in the relationship, if I’m being frank. And from the way he’s head is tilted towards hers and that wolfish grin he has on…

Let’s just say I kinda wish time doesn't start while I'm here.

But I'd like it to start soon. Real soon.

——————————Day 12——————————

I don't want to write. I don't want to. This is just to ground me in some semblance of reality.

I have been seeing butterflies everywhere I go, fluttering in the wind. I can't touch them. But I see them clearly, flying across my vision. The are beautiful. All majestic blue and fairy like. They fill me with a feeling I can't explain. I know they aren't real but they are as real as the sun, still in the sky.

It just hangs there, mocking me. Laughing at me. Never setting or dimming. It makes me itch all over. I’m hearing sounds that don’t exist. That don’t exist. My eyes are twitching, my body hurts and I just want to sleep. Or run. Maybe both.

I believe I said fluttering in the wind, right? Fluttering. There is no wind. I know there can’t be butterflies. I innately know this but yet the sound is audible to me. I think I’m suffering from some mad form of sleep deprivation, if I’m to self diagnose. I’d google but what’s the internet in a timeless void?

Maybe… I don’t know… I just.

Butterflies…

——————————Day 15——————————

I think I feel much better than I did 2 days ago. Turns out, I needed a good sleep, and no amount of covering myself with a duvet was going to help. I had, in my delirious state, stumbled into a basement and collapsed in the darkness of it.

I never knew sleep was that important, or rather, that dependent on the sun's glare. With the long sleep however, comes a bitter realisation. I'm still the only one moving around. Time is still frozen for the world around except me.

Somewhere in the back of my mind, I've been playing around with the idea that I'm not the only one frozen in time. That maybe someone somewhere is feeling the same thing. This is a depressing thought too, to be honest, as it’s not like I can contact them and they can contact me.

Still, I take some silent solace in the hope that I'm not alone. It’s all I have to do at this point. The alternative might be harder to bear. But happy thoughts.

Happy thoughts.

——————————Day 45——————————

There's nothing to write. I’m still here.

I'm at my parent's house now, about 20 miles away from the city. They are frozen too. Imagine my surprise(!)

Dad has a beer in hand and is sitting in front of the TV. He’s got that celebratory look on his face. The kind he gets whenever he’s watching a match and the team he supports is winning or is about to win.

My mum is out on the small patio of their house. She’s trying to do some yoga, if I’m to assume based on the yoga pants she was wearing and the headband around her forehead. And yeah, I do mean yoga pants.

I’m not going to suffer alone in this shit space. I don’t know who you are, be it future me or someone else.

If you’re reading this, then I’m putting the image in your mind. Deal with it.

——————————Day 70——————————

If the long gaps in days are anything to go about, I guess I can admit that I'm not a good follow-up. Then again, most of the days I see the journal, I don't want to write. I don't want to have to remind myself of my predicament and record it down for the eventual reader.

I mean, what the fuck am I meant to say?

That things are looking good?

I have considered killing myself, you know... A few times even. Almost even went ahead with it once before deciding against it. I have never been suicidal. If I was, and this was time's way of telling me to behave, that would be different, you know?

So I didn't do it. It would be a cheap solution to this problem.

I can't promise I will write tomorrow but I'll try.

Thinking more on it, what if I was suicidal and never knew about it. What if I am legitimately caught between a rock and a hard place? Maybe time is trying to save me from myself, trying to keep me away from doing something disastrous and permanent. Maybe this is all a trial to see the kind of character I have.

I’m just saying shit at the moment. Trying to make some sense out of everything I guess.

Time will have to start eventually. I just have to wait it out.

——————————Day 71——————————

I didn't add it in yesterday but my daily routine has currently been to exercise in the mornings, read in the afternoons and then learn something new (hobby-like) in the evenings.

It's not really important, but I figure you should know... you know?

I'm still here, ground zero in frozen world. Ignoring the loneliness and the static static state of everything, it’s not so bad.

It’s just what it is.

Hobby-wise, I’ve started doing some painting and drawing. Drawing first, then using the paints to ‘bring it to life’ as artists usually put it. I picked up some tips on gardening when I had the errant thought of growing my own produce for the long days ahead before common sense reminding me that it was going to be a fruitless venture.

I cried then. Out of frustration. Out of desperation.

But whatever.

Whatever.

——————————Day 100——————————

Please... start again. Time please start again. Give me a breeze, give me a sunset. Give me something other than this.

Please…

——————————

|||
|:-|:-|Today's chapter for Death-Bringer is going to be late. If not tonight, it will be tomorrow morning.Hey All, 

Apologies but there will be a slight delay on DB today. Went away for the weekend so trying to catch up with some work which is taking the bulk of my attention at the moment. 

I've already got most of it ready, just need to go through it and clean a few things before posting. That said, I should have it up today, but might be much later than usual.

ADDITIONALLY: If you were expecting an update to CTS on Saturday, it should be coming sometime today or tomorrow morning after which schedule resumes as usual. 

Have a great week!“Where do I begin?” I say.

My voice is calmer and clearer than I thought it would be, not that I'm one to frequently rage out or express my feelings to begin with. The event was a blight on this record. A dark, unforgettable ink stain on an otherwise white sheet.

“Start with your name,” he replies.

There's a long pause as I contemplate and construct the sentences intended for my answer, but my focus remains on the red light. Then I take in a deep breath.

“My name is John Heathcliffe, former hero. I'm in sound health and as mentally sound as needed for this interview and interrogation.

“My powers, the powers which were registered in the official documents, were super-strength and flight, both of which I've been using since I was child. Since I knew I had powers.”

I pause, taking a breath and closing my eyes for a brief moment. I think back to the day, dredging up memories I'd rather keep buried. It is as painful as it is equally calming. Like a wound one has gotten accustomed to.

“On December 5th, 2032… I was battling a street level villain, Snake-Bite. He is, no. He *was* a martial arts expert, capable of expelling low-effect venom from his body however he liked. He worked under the super-villain, Toxin.”

I let out a small laugh. It's easy to forget how funny and asinine some of the costumed names are.

“Previously, a few days before that day. We got word that somehow, a villain had managed to get our personal informations and where we live and all of that…”

“Who’s we?” the hero detective asks.

“Street level heroes. We don’t associate that much with the top tier heroes. Anyway, we don’t believe the rumour. Not really. No evidence, you know. It was one of those “brother’s cousin’s sister’s” kinda story. That is, until Waller died.”

“Waller being the hero who changes in size? With strength?” he asks again and I nod. He points towards the camera in response.

“Yes, that’s Waller. He’s always been the heaviest hitter of the street-level guys. He gets killed by a shot in the heart, along with his mum and dad. We didn’t even know it was him until it was revealed to us. He was always in his changed form whenever he was with us. We didn’t know he was just a kid.

“We began to take it seriously then. Some of us moved families around. Some stopped the hero work temporarily to be with their families, in case they needed protection. And for a while, it was quiet. I, myself, had moved my wife out of the country to stay with her sister.

“Turns out it’s not far enough. SocialNet relationships and all. It’s easy to track people, especially family members…”

I pause to wet my lips. But also to prepare myself for the memory. There’s a slight tremor in me, and I can feel my hand shake, even in the straitjacket. I can feel. I can feel the room and the camera in front of me. I can feel the threads woven in to make the jacket. I can feel it all. I grit my teeth, closing my eyes as I try to calm myself. My revenge can wait a bit longer.

“Snake-bite… and I were fighting, as we usually do. We’re doing the whole hero and villain banter thing. I’m winning. He’s on the ropes. He runs, I chase after him. He enters a building and by the time I join him, I see her there. My heart. My wife. Wide-eyed and terrified.”

“What happened next?”

I bite my lip, staring intently at the camera. The red light is mesmerizing. It isn’t really, but I want it to me. I need it to be.

“Come on, John… We’re almost there. What happened?”

I swallow.

“He sees my face. The confusion. And then the fear. I try to engage in more banter. Snake-bite has never been a killer. And yet, he stood over her, her hair in his tight grip. A knife in hand. I see the knife move through the air. She screams. I shout. It makes no difference,” I say, my voice barely a whisper.

“And after?”

“I screamed. You know everything that happened next.”The wizard, brows furrowed and hands white from gripping the wooden table, let out an exasperated groan. The spell he had been trying to cast over the princess had failed once again and it was beginning to baffle him. It was supposed to be a basic terror spell, imprinting a nightmare in her mind to make her susceptible to his suggestions. That was the only way he could use her as leverage against the king.

*But she bloody won't fall for it. What kind of lady is she? She's supposed to be on her knees, begging to serve me and whimpering in fear. Not... Not.... Not bloody smiling!*

He let out a breath he didn't know he had been holding before narrowing his eyes at her.

"Are you a witch?" he asked through gritted teeth.

The princess turned to face him from the chair she sat delicately in. Her blue eyes shone for a moment even as her mouth widened into a laugh. The laugh filled the small room he had put her in, musical and almost calming but he steeled his heart against it.

"You, of all people, should know magic does not constitute to being 'evil'. I just am. Without your powers. Though..." she said, pausing as she pursed her lips and tapped on her chin with a finger, "...I reckon we could probably accomplish more if we worked together."

"And why would I, the great Malekit, bane of Thanofar, the dreadful swamp lord, the..."

"Blah, blah, blah. You're far too old to be resting on your laurels," she said, cutting him off with a wave of her hand.

He spluttered and moved back, a hand on his chest, as if he had been shot by an arrow. For the last couple decades of his life, the very mention of his name or his titles were enough to set a kingdom on edge. His deeds were nightmare stories for bad children. The very rumour of a sighting made grown men sweat in their boots, and yet...

"Who are you?"

"I'm a princess. Is it so difficult to imagine that I might have done more evil than you? I swear, you men are all the same," she said, though with a smile on her face.

"I have made rulers cruel, and turned men into fowls and beasts of the earth," he replied in almost a whisper, his eyes intent at her.

"And I have been responsible for the ruination of a few kingdoms, due to their heirs being 'killed'..." she said using her fingers to make air quotes, "...whilst trying to wake me from a spell-struck sleep. It's quite interesting to discover what a clever lie and a small knife can do to princes who see themselves as heroes."

The nonchalant manner in which she replied him made him sit on the stool just behind him. He stared at her as she stared at him, though she would giggle every now and then. He was strong, that much he had confidence in, but he had never quite attempted to ruin multiple kingdoms. The very plan alone was a thing of great magic and yet, the young woman in front of him had accomplished such with a rumour and a knife.

*She's a dangerous woman. Far too dangerous to meddle with... But... maybe... Maybe we can do something interesting together...*

"How do you propose we work together?" he asked after some time.

"Ah, now we're talking, O' great Malekit..."

\---The question hangs in the air as I stare intently at the denizen standing next to my horse, his face buried in what looks to be a notebook. I watch as he lifts his sinewy hand to the book, using his finger to write something I can't see from my angle. He doesn't look up however. He just speaks instead, his wings unfurling behind him like he's about to go.

"Listen mate, if you want to take it up with the council, then do. I'm only here to deliver the message," the man says.

I step forward towards him, my hands falling away from my horse. The horse brays and shakes its head in annoyance and I whisper an apology as I walk by. Stopping short of the man, I easily tower over him but he doesn't seem to mind. His wings are still open and he appears to be bouncing on his heels now. The creature's face doesn't change. He still has the bland look he did when he originally landed next to the stables. The same bored worker look most of the winged creatures tend to have.

From this distance though, I can see that he's a middle manager. His ID badge, hidden behind the small fold of his ribcage is visible from this angle. I glimpse the name too and make a mental note of it. I'll definitely be bringing this up with the council.

"No... you will tell me why I'm being let go," I say, albeit menacingly. It isn't intentional but the words are clear, at least.

"I only repeat what I know. Speak to the council. Better yet, speak to your manager," he replies lazily, turning away from me.

He moves away from me, hoping on his feet about to fly but I grab one of his wings and ground him. He yelps in surprise and annoyance, which I ignore. Instead, I make a grab for the book. Just before my hands close around it, he pulls it away and glares at me angrily.

"Tell me what it says," I demand.

"Not my place, and frankly, you need to let go of my wings before you get cited for assault."

"Assault? You are letting me go and you're not telling me why! What did I do?" I ask, incredulous at the idea.

His eyes narrow at me for a bit and I stare back defiantly. After a few minutes of tense silence, he flicks his head and the wing in my grip lashes free almost without an effort. He grumbles quietly, glancing at me before opening the book.

"You've been let go because you've been under-performing for the last millennium. Your performance is poor and your work rate is abysmal, not to talk about your inability to perform in the live tests."

As he reads up the citations against me, my mouth stays open in shock and disbelief. They were trying to kick me out for circumstances out of my control.

"I am a horseman of the apocalypse! How am I to perform without an apocalypse?!" I shout in frustration and the creature eyes me up blankly.

"You should have been adaptable."

"Adaptable? Adaptable?! My very power comes from being at the apocalypse. My very essence was birthed for that purpose alone, without which I'm of no use to anyone. The council knows that!"

"Which is why I said you should take it up with the council. Listen mate, I sympathize with you but with the new financial year about to begin, all the big wigs are trying to cut costs however they can. With the humans living well past the initial projections for the millennium, we've been bleeding funds. Heck, about half the demons in the first level of hell are being let go and you know what that means," he says to me in a matter of fact tone.

I recoil from the news. Demons being let go is basically death except for creatures of the damned, and of the light too, to be let go is to be unmade. In other words, no re-employment unless they request a transfer before their end date. A more pressing question dominates my thoughts though.

"What about my brothers? Am I the only one being let go?" I ask, my mind racing.

"They've been let go too."

"But... but what happens when the apocalypse begins?"

"Well, I'm not too sure on what the upper management has planned for that but I hear rumours of a more agile system of damnation in the works for when that begins. Nonetheless, as I said before, speak to the council. They've got a better idea. Thanks for your service and I do hope something positive comes your way. Bye now."

With that, the winged creature spread his wings again and flies up into the sky. I watch as its wings beat against the blistering wind. It takes a few minutes before I return back to my horse and mount it. I check my blades are in my holster and ensure that the vials of colourful potions are securely wrapped up in my bundles. My eyes glance over the new potion I had been working on and I snarl in annoyance.

"Time to go have some words with the council then," I murmur angrily.

\---&#x200B;

|||
|:-|:-|


Osun wiped the sweat off her brow as she took a seat on the trunk of a fallen tree. It had been hours since they began their search anew and the sun still looked like it hadn’t moved an inch from its spot. Instead, it remained frozen in the sky like an ever-watchful eye keeping track of their progress.

Taking a swig from the water-bag she had by her side, she exhaled in contentment. It had been a long day and she suspected their journey wasn’t anywhere near done. Her companion was laying by the tree trunk at her back, facing the sun with her eyes closed.

A frown coloured her features and Osun grimaced, considering whether or not to disturb her friend. Emotions had flared on the hours’ long journey to the Dark Lands and now that they had finally gotten to their destination, tensions were high.

She shifted her attention from the former goddess to her surroundings. The forest was unlike anything she had ever encountered before in her life. It was dense and if not for the unyielding sun above, she could easily see themselves getting lost in the forest which was coincidentally what Hecate said had to happen.

“Are you certain, Hecci?” she asked.

“You’ve asked me like five times already. Do you think the answer would change on the sixth try?” Hecate countered without opening her eyes.

“You could just answer the damn question,” she shot back before getting to her feet and stomping away.

It wasn’t that she doubted what her friend said but she couldn’t help but feel anxious about getting lost in a land with no ‘feeling’. She had sensed it or rather, sensed the absence of divinity in the land and that frightened her more than she cared to admit. It was the same thing that had affected her friend too.

The last time she touched a land without that feeling, it was at her birth. Well, as close to birth as being formed was for her. All she remembered was a bright light and awareness of life. Hers and of those who lived on the land she woke up in. There had been a void when her feet touched the ground. Like something was missing. It was in that void that she had poured her essence into and bound herself to the land.

That was millennia ago.

And now, in the dense forest, she had the same feeling except it felt far more intense. The void wasn’t like a hole that needed something to fill. It was like an ever-hungry, gaping maw that wanted to consume all. It was draining.

Her hands traced the barks of the trees she walked past. She kept her eyes focused, keeping watch as best as she could. Every few seconds, she made a show to caress her belt knife as if to highlight the weapon to anyone who might be watching her.

A soft wind blew through the forest, rustling the leaves and the trees shook as if basking in the cool air. As if on command, a scent wafted towards her and in a flash, her knife was out of the scabbard. She sniffed the air quickly before dropping to a crouch and looking ahead of her.

*Trees. All I see is trees. But…*

Glancing behind her, making sure she was not being flanked, she took a tentative step farther into the forest. She paused for a second, quickly replaying her steps back to where Hecate was. Once she was confident she could find her way back, she used the blade in her hand to mark the tree with a diamond-shaped symbol.

With that done, satisfied that she would be able to find the marker, she continued slinking through the forest, her eyes darting quickly through the trees to see if she could pick out any movement. The scent that had caught her attention was that of fire and food. Someone was cooking in the forest and she had only caught the scent when the wind blew.

Tall large trees shielded her from the sun’s rays and as she went deeper, the forest seemed to grow darker. Shooting a glance up, she found that she couldn’t see the sun directly anymore. Instead, the trees around her appeared to bend to hide her from the sun. She sniffed the air again and instead of fire and food, she got the scent of fresh, ocean water.

*That is… What is going on here..?*

She removed the other knife from the holster on her leg and held both in front of her. She remained still, allowing herself to pay attention to all her senses. Her focus heightened as she felt herself become one with the land, her sense of self dwindling until she could feel everything that walked.

Claws hanging onto branches high up in the trees. Tiny legs scurrying as ants marched their gathered food home. The soft paws of a predator stalking its prey at the other end of the island. Soft wind touched her, bending around her as it cooled the hot land. Her breathing merged with that of the earth. She was it and it was her.

The focus deepened and she could feel the void. A mass of darkness that swallowed everything he could. She could feel herself being rooted to the spot as a weight fell on her like she was being dragged into the hungry dark space.

Her focus deepened further.

Whatever sense of reality she had was gone now. All she saw and all she felt was the void staring back at her, pulling her ever closer to her end. And just as sudden as the pull at began, it stopped. The weight she had felt, the burden of the world pulling her down, was lifted.

And at the core of the void’s maw, was a single line of light in the shape of a woman. As if sentient, the shape turned to face her before turning away and walking deeper into the void.

*“It’s not time, former goddess. Return,”* came a soft voice, so fleeting she thought she imagined it.

Still, the more she thought about the words, the more a sense of calm filled her until she opened her eyes. She found herself back at the tree trunk she had been seated on, next to her friend who snored softly.

Osun rubbed her eyes trying to remember how and when she made the journey back to safety. The dream or vision that she had baffled her and yet, she found herself more calm than worried. In fact, she felt completely at peace which was something she hadn't felt in a long time.

“Wake up, sister,” she said softly to her friend.

Hecate stirred and after a few seconds, she sat up with a heavy sigh.

“What is it?” Hecate asked before frowning as she regarded her friend’s face.

“I know where we need to go,” she replied.

“How so? It’s not night time yet and we’re not lost. That was the gods said,” her friend countered.

Osun opened her mouth but paused, looking at the other woman.

“Can’t you feel it?” she asked, a brow rising in confusion.

“What am I supposed to be feeling?” Hecate asked warily.

“The land is godless, for lack of a better term. You can’t tell me your senses have dulled that much,” she said, exasperation seeping into her voice.

“Oh, that. I knew that from the moment we drew close to the land. It’s why I’m laying on the cloth. I’m not about to sleep next to the ever-gaping darkness. That is foolish!” she responded.

“Why didn’t you say anything?”

“I didn’t think there was anything to be said. I felt it. I knew you’d feel it when we landed. It’s not particularly a conversation starter…”

“Hecci…”

“Alright, alright. I *apologise*. Is that better?” Hecate said in a neutral tone.

Osun narrowed her eyes at her friend before sighing and getting back to her feet. She could feel frustration building underneath her skin and the calm she had felt had wiped off completely.

“I’m sorry, Osun. I am. Sometimes, I forget myself these days,” her friend said after a few minutes before adding in a quiet voice, “You were saying something about where we need to go.”

Osun sighed again, patting her head as she did. Doing her best to not roll her eyes in her friend’s view, she shook herself slightly before responding.

“I had a vision… of sorts. When I stomped off, I smelled something in the forest. Fire and something cooking.”

“Cooking?”

“Yeah. Odd, isn’t it? I moved closer, my belt knife in hand and the scent changed to that of freshwater,” she said.

She saw as Hecate’s features changed from confusion to sudden caution as she got to her feet, her eyes beginning to glow a brilliant green as she glanced around.

“Yeah. I was just as shaken. So, I get next to a tree and I focus. And the void pulls me under faster than I could ignore or avoid it. But then…”

She paused as the sight of the light-shape burned brighter in her memory. The sense of calm descended on her again and she found herself smiling.

“...then, in the middle of this forsaken land, in the middle of the void, I see a figure, shrouded in brilliant light.”

“The Chosen one, perhaps?” Hecate asked, the glow in her eyes fading.

“I am unsure. The voice was female. And the figure simply looked at my direction and then walked further into the darkness,” she said.

“Could still be the chosen one we’re looking for. Maybe the vision is saying we have to go further into the forest to find him,” Hecate said.

“No. I don’t think it’s the chosen one. The figure… she spoke to me,” she protested, the sense of calm fading back to frustration.

“Alright. What did the figure say?”

“That… That it wasn’t yet time.”

“Time for what?”

“I don’t know. I’m just telling you what she said!” Osun exclaimed.

“Alright, alright. Goodness, are you dramatic,” her friend said, with a shrug, relenting.

“Hecci…” she said as anger boiled over deep within her.

Hecate raised both her hands in an act of surrender before bending down to pack up her stuff from the ground. Osun closed her eyes and did her best to calm herself down, taking deep breaths in and out.

*If we don’t get there soon, she’s going to wake up from one of her naps with my hands around her throat.*

“You said you know where we’re going…” Hecate’s voice cut through her thoughts, “So where are we going?”

Not trusting herself to speak, she grumbled as she shot her friend a mean look after which she pointed to their right. Hecate smiled widely at her, taking time to smooth the creases from her dress before moving.

“You’re insufferable,” she whispered as her friend walked past.

Hecate grinned at her then before replying, “And I love you too, sister.”

\---

It took a few more hours of walking before they could finally start seeing some signs of life in the forest. The sun had set, plunging the forest into total darkness, save for the wooden torches they carried in hand. Darkness had claimed the forest far before the sun had descended below the horizon, but now it felt oppressing.

Using her large belt knife to slice through overgrown weeds and shrubs, Osun raised a hand to stop her friend from continuing further. She could see the signs of movement ahead of her in the form of trampled greenery and small footprints that appeared to travel towards two directions.

She crouched and move closer, eyes darting to and for, as she tried to determine where the footprints came from and where they were going to. After a pause, she inclined her head to the right and Hecate began moving in that direction.

Returning the knife to her belt, she did her best not to sigh. Walking was a favourite pastime of hers, one shared by those of her people. Nonetheless, she felt weary and her legs ached with each step.

All she wished for was a place to relax, if for a few minutes, but she didn’t want to think about taking a break in the middle of nowhere with minimal backup. Not that she thought she or Hecate couldn’t take care of themselves. She was a goddess far before she became Nafri and her friend could still tap into magic, far stronger than most mages could.

She just wasn’t a fan of not knowing what they faced off against and in a land with no god to bargain or discuss with, it meant that if a fight did happen, they would have to fight and win. Blood would be shed and it wouldn’t be theirs.

*Oh for bloody sake, let’s get this over with!*

Just as Hecate took her next step, a spear appeared from behind a tree, sharp tip pointing towards her neck. The spear point glistened with an oily shine which Osun assumed to be poison or something close. A small sound emanated from where the spear protruded from and she did her best to not roll her eyes. Around them, more spears appeared as bodies moved from the shadow and into the light.

She kept her gaze on Hecate’s back, sneaking quick looks at the unfamiliar faces surrounding them. Pale skinned men and women with tattoos on their faces as well as tribal marks on their cheeks and collarbone, with animal skins as their clothes. One of the women pointing a spear at her eyed her up and down and, for a brief moment, she appeared confused. Osun gave the woman a small smile before returning her gaze back to her friend.

She understood the woman’s confusion. After all, she had been wearing the same as when she got to Elemira. Short leathered top covering her bosom and a skirt that touched her knees. Her wood-braided necklace still hung around her neck, though she had added a gold one in Elemira. Her smile widened and she slowly worked her legs, then hips, giving the men a passing glance. She saw as their faces softened.

“Stop it,” Hecate hissed.

Osun rolled her eyes then, complying.

“Get it over with then. My legs hurt,” she hissed back.

Clearing her throat, Hecate raised a hand to gently and slowly, move the spear away from her throat. The man that had been pointing it at her frowned and then began to smile sheepishly. His companions glanced at him, confused at his behaviour before they began to do the same. Hecate let out a soft laugh and Osun allowed herself to smile.

“You do know that you could have told them to lower their weapons, instead of enchanting them?” a voice called from the darkness in front of them.

At once, Osun had her knife in hand just as Hecate was about to utter a *word*.

“Show yourself!” Osun commanded, raising her voice.

The shrubs and leaves in front of them rustled as a figure came into the light. Osun frowned lowering her knife a bit as she glanced at her friend who shrugged slightly.

In front of them, was a small dark-skinned girl whose height came just about to their midriff. Long bright red hair ran down her back and she beamed at them with wide eyes and a wider smile, showing teeth. The girl giggled before nodding to the ambushers who lowered their spears.

“Who are you?” Hecate asked.

“I am Aora. Some call me Lavi. But I like Aora because it’s a fancy name,” she replied as she moved forward and extended her hands to the former goddesses.

Osun shook her head slightly, taking a step back. Her friend, on the other hand, considered the gesture for a moment before taking the girl’s hand. Aora chuckled and began to pull the woman towards where she had come from. Hecate glanced back to exchange a look with her before following.

She, in turn, glanced around at their ambushers for a moment but when they made no move to follow, she sighed and followed the trail of her friend. As she sped up to catch up, she could hear a conversation already ongoing between Hecate and Aora.

“So, who are you?” she heard her friend ask.

“I am a native here. I have lived everywhere but this is my home at the moment,” Aora replied.

“Aren’t you young to be travelling by yourself?” Hecate asked.

“I never travel alone. I’m always with a caravan. My caravan. We travel but we have our new home here now,” Aora said.

“So…” Hecate began, glancing at her as she drew closer to the two of them.

“Yes?” the little girl replied, looking back briefly before returning her attention to the path.

As they walked, Osun could see torches beginning to appear on trees overlooking the path, acting as lamps for the road. The warm glow of the fire warmed her and made her anticipate reaching whatever destination was in front of them. Looking back, she could see the men and women who had ambushed them walking a few paces behind.

“How long have you been here for then?” Hecate asked.

“A while. We’re not moving anymore for a while longer,” the girl said.

“Probably a decent idea. The world is no place for a little girl to be adventuring around. These are the best times to study and set yourself right,” Hecate replied in a stern voice, “In fact, I believe-”

“Where are we going, Aora?” Osun cut in, ignoring the look her friend gave her.

“To the camps, silly. We live somewhere closer to the center. It’s a nice place. Fun. And so much to do!” Aora said excitedly.

"How long do we have to go still?" she asked.

"Um..." Aora paused and closed her eyes, muttering to herself before exclaiming and replying, "...should take about 2 more hours really."

"You came to get us by yourself with them?" she asked, tilting her head towards the armed group behind them.

"No, we were playing when we saw you coming. Then I said, 'Let's scare them' but they were like, 'No, we should capture them' and then we had a back and forth deciding what we should do," the girl responded in a playful tone.

She shared another look with Hecate who gave her a slight nod. Something about the whole situation was questionable on different aspects. She wasn't too concerned about the girl playing around so far away from wherever she said the camp was. it wasn't even weird that her choice of playmates were armed adults.

What she was concerned about, however, was that Aora was the only child in their midst and she seemed genuinely happy when she talked about playing with the group behind them. And that made no sense. She knew children and little kids could be tough, having governed and lived in a land where toughness was the default trait, but even she knew this was weird.

"Do you live... with family?" Hecate asked in a low voice, sneaking a glance at the men and women trailing behind them.

"Of course! Everyone here is family. And, you don't have to worry about them," Aora replied and it was then that Osun realised that they had stopped.

"We're here!" Aora beamed.

Osun frowned when it hit her that they had entered a large clearing, devoid of shrubs and overgrown grass. Instead, Standing torches lit up the encampment and she could see nothing less than a dozen tents across the landscape.

Lamps burned bright and the scent of food wafted over to her. Men and women, clad in animal skin, walked around the camp with some shooting them a neutral look. She could hear the laughter of children as a group of five ran into view before turning a corner.

*She said we were hours away. What…?*

“How did we…?” Hecate whispered before getting jerked forward.

Osun was certain she was about to ask the same question she asked. Somehow, they had made a two-hour journey in mere minutes and they hadn’t noticed it. She found herself holding her belt knife again but she didn’t sheathe the weapon. Instead, she tightened her grip on it and followed her friend into the camp.

|Next update:||
|:-|:-|