LadyLuna21
**Author's Note: Welcome to yet another serial by Luna - Second Sight. I don't have a set update schedule going right now, but I will sit down at the end of the month and create one. In the meantime please feel free to join me on discord** **, and to poke around the**  **a little more if you're new. I hope you enjoy! To subscribe to the series respond to the ButlerBot post below with "Helpmebutler <Second Sight>"**

&#x200B;



That night I sat in my hotel room - staring at the copy of the book that had been left behind. I knew every word I had written, so I glossed through the pages reading the cramped but legible writing that had been scribbled onto the pages.

Some of it read like a diary entry, explaining what she - Shinohara Kao - had been doing on certain days. I had taken her to be a housewife during my time watching her. There had been small children in the house and a man - Shiniohara Ryuichi. Kao it seemed had married Ryuichi after his first wife had passed away. He had been warlord under Oda Nobunaga and from the notes it seemed that Kao was for some reason spying on Oda Nobunaga.

As he had read on, he had become increasingly confused as her notes suggested that she was much more than a housewife. In fact, if he was reading it correctly - she wasn’t even from the Edo Period.

The last page of the book, normally blank had had another note scrawled upon it:

*Conner Pierce,*

*We don’t know how you have been watching us. It has taken us years to isolate you as the root cause for failures in our missions. Missions that have not even been planned yet in your time are failing due to your published observations. You must stop writing about us. We are working on the elimination of all current texts. Cease and desist now, or we will come after you.*

*Shinohara Kao, Ben Potts, Duan Huiling, Marshall Douglas*

The first three were people who I had already published about - and Marshall was my current research topic.

I blinked, dazed at the implications. Nowhere had Kao explicitly stated that she was a time traveler - but what other option was there?

I didn’t know, but it wasn’t outside of the realm of belief for me. Hell, I could see into the past! From the research I had done it was either called Postcognition or Second Sight. Not that I would tell anyone. I didn’t know anyone else with these kinds of powers.

As a child they had frightened me, now I knew they put me in danger if anyone ever knew. That was why I did my research and framed each book as a biographical text littered with other details from the time period.

Shaking my head, I laughed at the absurdity of the situation. What amounted to a psychic being told off by time travelers? Which was more unbelievable? I had research to do for my next book. If they wanted me to stop - well, they would have to tell me to my face.

\---

Marshall Douglas was a schoolteacher in England during the industrial revolution.

Large factories were visible through the sooty windows of the school. Boys and girls who worked in those factories were required by law to attend school for at least two hours a day. Many wore dirty clothes and had tired eyes - barely listening to Marshall as he tried to school them in basic maths.

The bell rang, and the children slowly packed up their meager belongings. Marshall let out a sigh, closing his books. As the children filled out of the room, Marshall sat down and pulled out another notebook and started taking notes.

I peered over his shoulder, wondering what he was writing about but was disappointed to see only notes on how each child had done during the day. Not for the first time did I wish I had a corporeal form here. In vain I grabbed at his book bag, only to have my hand swipe right through. I could sit, I could stand, but I couldn’t open doors - though I could walk through them - and I could look around. I could walk away from Marshall if I so wanted, as far as my legs could take me before my trance was broken - but it didn’t matter.

I needed proof that Marshall was not of this time. I had already watched him instruct these children for several weeks - time here passing relatively the same as the time my body occupied. If I left now, the same amount of time would pass here as it did in my time period.

So, I tucked myself away in a corner to wait and watch. I knew where he lived but I wanted to go with him today. Maybe there was something I was missing.

He took his time, dusting off the blackboard, emptying the waste bin, checking each desk to make sure it was straight. I would swear it was like he knew I was watching, waiting for him to go home. Normally he diligently cleaned up and was out the door.

As he left the school, I was right behind him, taking the same steps he was. He didn’t look around, didn’t acknowledge anyone as he walked down the street, but as I expected him to turn down the road to the left, he instead made a sudden right. A pretty girl was waiting for him not far down the road.

Oh great - he had a date tonight. Rolling my eyes, I brought myself back to the here and now. I wasn’t going to waste my time watching him spend his evening with a girl. I would have to try again another night.

\---

Back in my own time and corporeal body, I made a few quick notes for the day and tried to find documentation on the school that Marshall worked at. I would normally travel to the location but being on tour prevented it this time.

Frustrated I stood and went to grab dinner and coffee. I had noticed a little cafe about halfway down the street from my hotel and places like that always had decent food and better coffee.

I noticed that Rob’s door was shut, and I thought about knocking and inviting him with me. But I knew better after all he would just start talking about sales again. I had never been interested in that aspect of my writing. I wrote about these people so they wouldn’t be forgotten… but that note made it seem as if they wanted to be lost to time.

So, I kept walking head down as I made my way to the cafe.

A satisfying meal and three cups of coffee later, I was thinking about heading back to my room. Even as I stood however - sirens blared as fire engines raced down the road. Stepping outside I could only look on in horror as I saw my temporary home on fire.# 

Persephone was woken to muffled sobs. She ran from her bedroom to the large room they had suspended the angel in. Reaching him, she found that he had gotten himself down from the perpendicular hammocks and was sitting on the floor.

His white wings hung limply from his back, onto the black marble floor. He had obviously tried to get up and his wings, not responding the way he wanted, dragged him to the ground.

Other than his still shattered wings, he was looking much better. The swelling in his face had gone down and the stitched-up wounds had scarred over. Looking at him, Persephone realized she probably should have redressed him after she had finished playing doctor.

“Oh, little Angel. You’re awake,” she cooed, sitting next to him.

The angel’s dark blue eyes stared at her from under chiseled brows. Tears streamed down his face. His black hair was dirty and formed small ringlets on his scalp. The Christian god knew how to form his children. Damn.

“I am Azrael,” his voice was rough and low.

“Azrael. What a wonderful name. What happened to you luv?” She was worried that now that he was conscious that he was going to panic.

“I - I was attacked.” He stared off into the distance trying to remember.

“I would assume, from how badly you were beaten.” She motioned to move a curl out of his eye, and he flinched away.

“Where am I?” he asked, carefully looking around.

When he looked at her again, some recognition sparked. “You are not mortal.”

“I am not. You are in Hades. Named after my egocentric husband,” she told him gently.

“I was sent to Hell. To fetch my brother, the fallen archangel Lucifer.” He tried to stand but was once again dragged down by his broken wings.

Persephone pursed her lips. “Sit down. You will only damage them more as you move. I would have healed them, but I have no talent in such matters.”

Azrael sank back to the ground, carefully pulling his right wing to him and started plucking damaged feathers.

“Now, I thought your… father? I thought he banished your brother to Hell.” It had been such a long time ago, and she had never been very interested in the deities of other religions.

“My father is dead. My brothers Michael, Gabriel, Uriel, and Raphael are preparing for war. They need him,” he whispered.

More tears streamed down the man’s face, and he did not look up from his work. Persephone wasn’t sure she had heard correctly.

“Your father is *dead?* Gods do not die.” Her voice was shrill.

“Something has killed him. My brothers seem to know, but they sent me to fetch Lucifer.”

He was in shock. The poor little angel was in shock. He had switched to the other wing, yanking out feathers that were injured in any way. It seemed to be working though, because the first wing was slowly retracting itself to fold into his back.

“I see. I... “she hesitated, “I’ll be right back Azrael. I am going to get you some clothing.”

She stood and without rushing, walked to her bedroom. Hades still slept on, having ignored her getting up.

“Hades!” she whispered, shaking him, “Hades!”

“If this is about your little pet, I am going to be very angry,” he grunted, rubbing his eyes.

“Hades! He said his god is dead! That the angels are going to war!” She kept her voice low, looking between her husband and the door.

“Gods don’t die.” He tried to roll back over and continue sleeping.

“He said he was murdered! He’s in shock Hades. Help!” It was not often she asked her husband for help, knowing on a base level that he would do anything for her if she so demanded.

The god stood, his frame towering over his petite wife. Unlike the mortals, his irises were a solid black, indistinguishable from his pupils. His black hair was trimmed short and he ran a hand over his scalp as he rose.

Persephone grabbed a pair of jeans and a t shirt from their closest.

“What are you doing woman?” he asked, exasperated with her already.

“I told Azrael that I was getting him clothes. Plus, he’s about your size.” She said while ripping two holes in the back of the shirt.

“Oh goodie.” Hades swept out of the room and Persephone hurried to catch up.

“Angel. My wife says your god is dead? How?” he demanded once they had reached the angel who had finished his second wing and was not stretching both slowly.

“I do not know. I, and all my brethren, felt his death. He has been ever present in our minds since our creation. Now he is not. My brothers sent me to fetch Lucifer. I must go.” Again, monotone.

“You are not leaving just yet. Who attacked you? Did they follow you here?” He summoned his bident to his hand and looked ready to attack the angel.

For the first time since he had started speaking, a spark of emotion touched Azrael’s voice. “I was attacked in hell. By my brother’s demon spawn. I doubt they left their realm.”

Interesting, Persephone was surprised that he had not spoken in anger about Lucifer, but he seemed to despise the demons. She handed him the clothes. The shirt was tighter on him that Hades, but the pants fit well.

“I will accompany you,” Hades said, surprising his wife.

“I want to go!” She added. She only got to leave the realm when her mother got tired of not seeing her.

“No!” both men answered.

“Oh, for fucks sake. I’m a god too. What is a demon going to do to me?” She was going. They could not stop her.

“My lady… “Azrael paused waiting to know her name.

He didn’t even know her name? She didn’t think she had fallen that far from the human’s pantheon. “Persephone.”

“My lady Persephone,” he grabbed her shoulders, “It is not the demons, but the god killer that worries me. Please stay here, safe.”  He seemed genuinely worried about her.

“Azrael. We will help you get to your brother, then I will return home.” She smiled at him. Then she was bodily picked up by her husband and sat on a couch.

“You are not going.” He was angry. He never got angry.

“I am.” She may not be able to heal, but she had powers, same as the other gods. She teleported herself to the doorway.

“See you in Hell!” She moved herself to there with a thought.

&#x200B;

#I woke to my head throbbing and stars flashing before my eyes. I could hear loud sounds but I was unable to determine what they were. As I blinked the lights away, the world swam into focus. The colors I had been seeing solidified into the four dragons that I had seen just before being hit. The little gold one was sitting in a manner that reminded me of my favorite dog, except her little wings hung limply. She also was staring at me with more intelligence than I saw in most people.

The noises had resolved into words as well. A deep voice was having a seemingly one sided conversation. Another higher pitched voice was screaming obscenities, and a third appeared right next to my ear.

“Are you alright? Your head was bleeding when they brought you in.”

I jumped away at the sound - or I tried to, but my head and neck were the only things that moved. That scared me for a long moment, but I wiggled my fingers and toes. It hurt, but they worked. My body just didn’t move as fast as I would have liked. That momentary scare over, I looked at the source of the voice. Young Prince Aldis was sitting next to me, looking like he had been crying. His blond hair was matted and he had dark streaks running down his face where the tears had only just stopped flowing. His beautifully made velvet outfit of navy and gold was covered in sand. I couldn’t help but smile at him, he looked so disheartened.

He saw that my eyes were open, looking at him. He leaned forward, “Well, are you?”

“I suppose so. Everything hurts.”

As I looked around the room, I realized I must be in the royal quarters. Fine silks hung from the stone walls, and artwork and gilded decorations were everywhere. It was wasteful in my opinion, as I lived a perfectly happy life in the middle district. The roofing however was interesting. The room we were in was square, with a courtyard in the middle that was open to the sky, I assumed this was for the dragons, as they were all resting in the courtyard.

I also saw the source of the two other voices. One was the king. He was looking at Ilex, the large green dragon sweeping his tail in agitation. The king, now that I was closer, was younger than I expected. I suppose that made sense, as he had been twenty when he was chosen by Ilex, which would put him in his early forties. He had a dirty blonde hair like his son, but with dark tan skin. He had crows feet wrinkles around his eyes, which I imagined was from smiling and laughing all the time. It made him look kind.

The other voice was Princess Astra. She was screaming at the young dragoness who wasn’t even looking at her. She had dark hair like her mother, and her fathers dark skin. Her face was red and she had yet to stop screaming at the dragon. Great orange Eras finally turned his head to her and let out a low growl. She stumbled backwards, tripping over her own skirt - letting out an ungraceful scream.

As I continued to look around I saw the queen sitting off to one side. She looked angry, her brows furrowed and arms crossed. And she was staring at me with as much intensity as the little dragonling. The dragonling who was now nudging my foot. *Kiriga.* I wasn’t sure how I knew her name, I had the moment she had touched my hand.

*That’s because I told you it.*

I sat up in surprise, pulling the attention of the two royals not currently watching me. Astra, having gotten to her feet, paced over to me, and before I could react, slapped me across the face.

“How dare you *steal* my dragon! I was to be queen!”

My face stung, and before I could respond, that I didn’t mean to, Kiriga had launched herself at the princess.

“Kiriga! No!”

*She* hit *you. That is not acceptable.*

“She’s the princess!”

*As are you!*

I stood, looking between the little dragon and the king, horrified. I did not know my father, that was true. Mother had been flighty when she was young, and uninterested in taking a husband. She had always told me I was the light of her life, and that she needed no one else. I looked just like her, red hair and bright green eyes. Nothing like the man before me. However, he was looking at me with familiarity.

He spoke, “Miss - I’m sorry, I don’t know your name.”

“Nerie.”

“Nerie, we are going to need to summon your mother here. Can you tell us where to find her?”

I numbly told them, and a servant who I hadn’t even seen in the corner raced out of the room. After that, Kiriga bumped her head into me. The king asked me to tell him about myself. What do I say? I’m a commoner. But apparently I’m not according to a dragon’s voice in my head? But I started talking. Telling them all about my life. I couldn’t believe I was here, but every now and then a reassuring nudge on my back reminded me why.

Because Kiriga had chosen *me.*

&#x200B;

Tag: Dragon's Choice# 

“I’ve missed you!” The third person screamed and threw themselves on me, in as many minutes. I had barely left the loading dock for my ship yet.

“I’m sorry, I’ve never been here before, you must have me mistaken for someone else.” I apologise again.

“You’re not Gorsh?” They ask surprised.

“Nope. Never met him. Hell never even heard of him.” I scrub my scalp in annoyance, but try to be polite. It’s my first time here after all.

I chose this backwater planet to refuel and resupply because I had let myself get dangerously low on both things. As an asteroid miner, it wasn’t unheard of to be gone for three or more years at a time for a job.

A large hand fell on my shoulder. Okay, I’m getting annoyed now. I turn to deny knowing another person, only to see my crewmate John there laughing.

“Gorsh huh? You never told me you came from a place like this.” He had been watching then.

“John. You know me. Riley. I come from Astora and this hole in the wall is a long ways from there.”

“I know I know. Wonder who this Gorsh guy is.” He chuckled.

“No idea, lets try and get what we came for and get out of here.”

I said that, but even looking around, I knew that it was going to be a while coming. People were looking at me whispering. I could see at least two more getting ready to approach me. Great.

“Maybe I should stay on the ship…” I started, but John laughed once again shaking his head.

“No way. Me and the other boys are bad with our finances. You’re the only responsible one of the lot of us.”

It was true. They lost more to gambling than they kept. Good thing room and board were part of our pay I supposed.

The day wore on, and all I wanted was to get on the damned ship. People were touching me, grabbing me. Some started sobbing on sight. It was more than a little distracting.

I heard noise behind me as I stood in front of the third vendor that was too busy to talk about this Gorsh fellow than to sell to me. Before I turned to look, I heard, “Gorsh. Welcome home son.”

Oh no. His father. I turn expecting the worst. “Sir, I’m sorry that you have me confused for your son. However my name is Riley, a member of the mining team aboard the Halifax.”

He just chuckled. “Always the jokester, son.” Then he pulled me in for a bone crushing hug.

I shoved him away, and he looked shocked. “Gorsh, what’s wrong?”

Okay, I was getting pissy now. “I. AM. NOT. GORSH.”

The man stopped, and looked me over. It was a bit uncomfortable, but better than being confused as his son…

“Gorsh. I know it's you. You’ve always had that strange shaped birthmark on the back of your left hand.”

I look down at my hand. My birthmark was unique to say the least. A patch of white on my nearly ebony skin. It was bisected by the pale blue of a vein laying right below the skin. Very noticeable.

“Sir, I’m sorry. Pointing out something you can see on my body does not impress me, nor does it show that you actually know me.”

I could tell that hurt him. “Fine, you have another mark, like that, on your left shoulder. And another on your left leg.” He stated.

He was right, but … what the hell. “Okay, jokes over pal. I don’t know who you or any of these other people are, but it’s pissing me off. Fuck off.” I stormed back towards the ship. We were refueled already, we could get supplies elsewhere.

“Gorsh. Please. We’ve missed you. Your mother missed you.”

He followed me all the way to the ship. Begging. Crying. Seems like Gorsh, whoever he was up and left one day. After saving the town to boot. Of course a goody good guy. Nothing like me.

John was still in hysterics, and to my displeasure invited the guy aboard.

“Here, Riley, use the ships analyzer to compare your DNA with … What did you say your name was sir?” John asked politely. What an ass, thinking this was funny.

“Garsh.” What was with these names?

“Fine. Prove I’m not his son and get him off our ship.” I walked over and pricked my finger, letting a few drops fall onto the analyzer. A moment later Garsh followed.

While DNA was not its main function, it had been programed. One too many drinks on a space station and one of the men had found himself being told he was to be a father. He denied it, and until they did a paternity test on board, he had no way of clearing his name.

The little icon swirled, and data flashed across the screen as it worked to determine relationship.

“Now Garsh, please, I am sorry about Gorsh, but I really am not your son.”

The computer dinged happily, and I turned to show him the results. Only to find that they showed a high possibility of relationship. What?

“Gorsh, this joke isn’t funny anymore. You are coming home. You need to see your mother.” Garsh nearly dragged me off the ship. I fought it with all my might, and then, can you believe it? John the asshole \*stunned\* me.# 

Once in a generation. That’s what they say, anyway. Dragon’s have long been extinct in the wild. The Royal house of Therius hold the only mating pair. It is unclear how old they are, but for as long as anyone can remember they mate and hatch one dragonling every two decades.

Dragonlings imprint on the next member of the royal family that will be King or Queen. Mama says that when King Soren Therius was chosen the kingdom celebrated for weeks. That was long before I was born. But it was time, for Soros and Eras have laid another egg. The Princess Astra and Prince Aldis will stand before the hatchling. Whichever of them is chosen will be the next ruler.

Golden and navy banners hang from every window, flowers are in baskets waiting to be thrown into the air. The market is busting with all the vendors here to sell their wares as the kingdom celebrates. It is an event open to the public, and Raana and I want to go. As we head to the castle, the line is almost back to the lower district, but Raana pulls me through streets I didn’t even know existed. She takes me to a back door, where she kisses the young man waiting there for her. Oh, if her mother knew!

Apparently in exchange for entrance through the kitchens, we have to help prepare the meal. I am tasked with folding bread while Raana starts turning the boar over the fire. I am annoyed, but it seems like there is a while yet to wait. After I finish the dough, I am dusted off and given a tray to carry to the ceremony hall. Lucky Mama bought me a new skirt and top just for today. I walk slowly but with determination as I try not to slosh the water around. Raana says she will catch up in just a moment.

As I approach the hall, a servant come to my aid, taking the refreshments directly to the waiting royal family who sit on a dias behind where the two dragons are curled around their eggs. Ilex, King Soren’s dragon rests on the roof, his head dropped down watching with keen interest. I am glad the tray was taken, for if it hadn’t been I would have dropped it.

The three dragon’s looked like jewels in firelight. Purple, Green and Orange. The egg below a pale yellow. I could imagine the little dragonling clearly, she would be a creamy yellow like fresh turned butter, but as she aged, her scales would darken into the purest of gold. Soros looked over at me, her purple eyes calm and deep. She blinked, and I blinked in response.

Another servant ran into me, and I was jolted back into reality. I had to go, join the crowds. There was a railing surrounding the warm sands that the egg was nestled into, and I shimmied my way around it so that I was directly opposite the royal family. Soros watched me for a moment, but turned her attention to her bored son who had started huffing smoke above the crowded hall. A slight growl, and he was curled into a green ball. I couldn’t help but smile. Twenty one years old, and he was still basically a fledgling.

The royal family kept to themselves, only leaving the keep for matters of diplomacy. I had only seen the King a few times, and his Queen once. I had never seen the prince or princess before. Astra looked to be nearly twenty, conceived directly after her father ascended to the throne. Aldis however was younger, perhaps only into his teen years. There had been rumors when I was young that the Queen could bare no more children for the King. The kingdom had celebrated when Aldis was born. I remember being about four years old. A kind woman had given me a yellow rose.

The stands had become even more crowded and a sharp crack could be heard. Astra and Aldis both stepped out to greet the soon to be born hatchling.

Oh I was right. As pale as that rose from so long ago, with glistening wings of gossamer. She looked to be made of tissue, but her eyes shone of a strength of steel. She raised her little head and looked Astra right in the eye. They stared at each other for a long moment before the little dragoness turned her head to look at Aldis. He didn’t even get to look her in the eyes.

She paced restlessly around the enclosure, and my soul wanted to reach out and hold her. She looked at Soros and Eras before stalking away. Directly at me. I couldn’t look away from those golden eyes. And then she nudged my hand, resting on the railing. There were screams and yells, and the King stood, pointing at me.

I was surrounded by guards, the crowd being shoved away. They were demanding I follow them. And then I heard Krigia hiss and scream in defiance. She was so tiny. The hilt of a sword collided with the back of my head. The last thing I saw before darkness was Eras, his giant fire orange body surrounding me, roaring.

&#x200B;

# 

 Tag: Dragon's Choice**Author's Note: Thank you for taking time to read! If you would like to be notified any time I update** ***My Other Self***, **follow the directions in the stickied comment below. While you're here, please take a look at my other works!**  **is my website where you can easily access each of my serials and their indexes, along with artwork I've received and commissioned, as well as information about my**  **(all proceeds go directly towards artwork/covers for my stories) and the** r/RedditSerials  **where you can talk to me anytime! Now - Onto part 3!**

# 

John lead them to the galley while I followed along unsure what to do other than glare daggers into his back. I wanted these people off our ship and gone. The more I looked at them the more unsettled I became. They really did resemble Ma and Pa. Too much.

“Now Gret, I know you’re upset, but why don’t you sit here and tell us all about your Gorsh.” John had gotten them both situated at the table and was pouring Gret a cup of tea. The other lay-abouts of the crew were jammed into corners, looking between these strangers and me. Only one of them was brave enough to come over to me. Grant.

Between him and John I wasn’t sure who I was likely to kill first. Both just *loved* to get under my skin. I really thought it was going to be John today, that was until Grant opened his trap.

“See you found your parents there Ri! Oh Gorsh, what a surprise!”

“Fuck off Grant. I don’t know what’s going on, but these people are not my parents.” I crossed my arms to keep them from swinging at his face.

“Not according to the ships analyzer. Heard paternity came back positive for both of them.” His blue eyes were crinkled as he smiled at me, and I just knew he was looking for the best way to get under my skin.

“Hush now Grant, Ms. Gret here is gonna tell us all about her lil’ Gorsh.” John said. He had his arm around the crying woman, patting her back. “Why don’t you start by telling us when he left the planet?”

“He… He…” she sniffled, before starting to sob once again.

“He left just over three sols ago.” Garsh spoke up. He was staring into his cup of tea, not drinking it.

Great. Everyone’s eyes focused in on me. Again. “Ri, you joined just about three sols ago. Stop playing with these poor people’s feelings.” John spoke up, pretending to look hurt.

Of course, he left right before I joined the crew of the Halifax. Of course, he did. “I’m done here.”

I spun on my heels and exited the ship back onto the spaceport. If the two of them stayed on board, maybe I could at least get the shopping done. And maybe they would be gone by the time I got back.

My steel toed boots clicked as I walked on the metal surface of the port. What the hell was this place. All I wanted was to get back to mining. I left Astora to get away from people like these. Small farming planets were all the fucking same it seemed.

More whispers. Great. Maybe I should just pretend to be this Gorsh guy to get things over with faster.

I looked around, there was a market just outside of the port if I remembered correctly.

Putting on my best, “I’m busy” face, I made my way there as quickly as I could. When people started to approach me, I smiled and waved, but nodded in the direction I was going. It seemed to work, as I wasn’t stopped as I went.

Making it to the market I stopped and bounced on my feet a little. It was a bit of a bad habit I had picked up while off planet. With the lower gravity of asteroids, there was little shock traveling up your body as you hit back down. Not the same on a standard gravity planet. I thudded to the ground much harder than I expected, nearly knocking the wind out of my chest.

“Gorsh!” A woman’s voice called from behind me. I didn’t turn, instead just raising my hand in acknowledgment, and then digging in my pocket for my shopping list. I knew it was in there somewhere.

As my fingers wrapped around the reusable sheet, I felt a hand on my arm. I looked up and choked. The most beautiful woman I had ever seen was staring into my face, her expression slightly frantic.

“Gorsh! What are you doing here?!” She asked, pulling me into the darkness of the nearest shop.

“Ma’am I’m sorry, you have me mistaken for someone else. My name is Riley, I’m the navigation officer for the ship Halifax which is currently parked over in the spaceport.” I started my spiel over again.

“Stop it Gorsh! You know that you weren’t supposed to return to Hibos again!” Her golden eyes glowed faintly in the shadows, just about the only part of her I could see as my eyes adjusted to the lower light.

“Ma’am, again, I’m sorry, I’m not Gorsh and I have every right to be here.” This was getting me nowhere. I turned to leave, only to have her grab my arm again.

I tugged, trying to pull out of her grasp. She was short, so I could overpower her easily if I needed to. I tugged again, harder. But she didn’t move, and she didn’t let go.

Yanking myself trying to get away, I heard the high-pitched whine of a motor. I turned back towards her. All I had really seen before was her face, but now that I looked at her, I saw that she had an exoskeleton on one side of her body. The side that was holding me in place.

“Fucking let go of me!” I yelled. I was going back to the ship and getting off this stupid planet.

“Shut up! Don’t draw attention to yourself!” She reached up and put her other hand over my mouth.

Okay, so a little something about myself. I’m petty. I didn’t want her touching me. So, I started licking her hand. Big wet licks. She pulled her hand away nearly instantly, looking disgusted.

“Let go of me!” I whispered, not wanting her to put her hand back over my mouth.

She squeezed my arm tighter. “We are going to the spaceport and you are leaving.”

Sounds perfect to me. I stopped pulling letting her pull me through the streets. I idlily watched the back of her as she dragged me along. She was cute. Her hair was in a pixy cut and such a dark black it nearly looked blue.

I couldn’t stop looking at the exoskeleton though. That was a hell of a suit. Wires for it were faintly visible leading into her shirt. It started along her spine, networking out, wrapping around her ribs on her righthand side. Then metal, crafted just for her I’m sure, followed along her arm all the way to her fingertips. The same was visible through the outline of her pants for her leg.

“What’s with the exosuit?” I asked casually, as we neared the spaceport. She stopped dead in her tracks.

“What do you mean, Gorsh? Don’t you remember you’re the cause?” She didn’t look back at me, but her nonaugmented hand closed into a fist. “Or is all you remember your own *heroic* acts?”

“Ma’am…” I started again.

This time she whirled around. “MA’AM my ass! You won’t even call me by name? Or have you forgotten that too?”

She started to tear up, but instead of crying like I half expected, she wiped at her face with her fist. “It’s Lotte. Charlotte. Remember yet?”

Wow. This Gorsh guy seems like an ass. Who does this to a girl then leaves?

Reaching out to pat her, she slapped my arm away. Hard. Fairly sure it’s going to bruise. I frowned. I knew what John and Grant would say if they knew a girl hit me.

“Right. Well, I’m going back to my ship. Hopefully, they are ready to take off by the time I get there. I don’t need you to see me off.”

Lotte, as she called herself, grabbed my arm again. “I’m making sure you leave. I don’t have time to deal with your shit. Again.”

What a productive day I’m having! Getting tazed, not getting any shopping done, meeting people who for some reason have the same DNA as me, and having a small cybernetic woman drag me around. I’m sure John is having a wonderful time.

Why the fuck did I pick the backwater planet to refuel on again? Oh yes, cause it was the closest habitated planet. Never again. It’s going on my black list, I swear.

We were about to enter the gates of the space port when an announcement came on to the many screens that lined every building in the area. A nondescript person was sitting behind a white desk, in a white suit, looking directly at the camera. “FamiCorp is shutting down the space port for the remainder of the day. Staff, please exit the terminal. Guests, please return to your ships.”

The gates locked. We couldn’t get inside. I tried to grab one, only to have my hand lightly shocked. Great. Fantastic even. I don’t think this day could get any better.

Lotte’s small face was pinched, and she was looking around us. Luckily, we stood out like a sore thumb. Just what she wanted I’m sure. She finally let go of my arm and I tried to massage it gently, but I wasn’t sure which hurt more, my arm or my hand that I had just grabbed the gate with.

She was staring at me again. Frowning. That had yet to be a good sign.

“Why don’t I take you to dinner and we can hash things out alright?” I asked. She ignored me. “Or I can go find a hotel to stay in and you can leave me alone?”

I started to step away. Nope. No good. Her hand was wrapped back around my arm.

“I am seeing you off this planet. I just need to decide where to take you until then,” she said. Then without warning she turned and started pulling me in another direction.

“Can’t take you home, can’t take you to HQ, can’t take you to your parents…” she was muttering as she continued to bodily drag me away from the space port.

“Why don’t I just go to a hotel?” I asked again.

“Fuck it Gorsh. They are looking for you. That’s why they locked down the space port.” She glanced back at me, “You really think they wouldn’t look for you at the only hotel in town?”

“Who’s looking for me.” I asked. Then stopped. Not me. Gorsh. “Not me, who is looking for Gorsh.”

“FamiCorp? Owner of the planet and complete and total wastes of space? The ones who pay us pennies on the dollar for the crops they make us produce and then sell it for a high profit? The one’s we’ve been fighting our whole lives?”

She was exasperated and getting tired. Her grip on my arm had loosened and she was walking slower now. Still trying to decide where to take me I suppose.

I had heard of FamiCorp of course. Who in the known universe hadn’t? *We’re all that stands between humanity and famine.* That was their motto. Claimed life would never have been viable in space without them. They also owned Astora, my home planet. And dozens of others I’m sure, but those didn’t matter to me.

Home mattered. And getting off this rock mattered.

“Right. Well do we have a place to go yet at least?” I asked. I was hungry. I hadn’t eaten since this morning and that was a long time ago judging by the primary star and my stomach.

“I think so. We are going to go to one of the safehouses.” More streets, most turns. Several times we started down a road and she would immediately turn us around or tell me to put my face down.

When she slipped her hand down my arm onto my hand, I was shocked. Until I realized she was covering the birthmark there.

God, what were the crew doing while I was gone? Probably eating all of our remaining stock of food and gambling between themselves, if I was being honest with myself.

“Here. Keep your face down.” She said. We were at a warehouse. It smelled like wheat and oil.

That was an odor combination I had promised myself I would never have to smell again.

She raised her augmented arm and the sensor blinked off for a moment, allowing the door to click open. Well, we were somewhere. I looked at the woman, frowning. She had finally let go of me.

I was not happy, and Lotte was about to explain things to me.

&#x200B;“Ready Abigail? One… Two… Three!” I said as the doors slowly shut. She stood in her plain red dress bouncing slightly in excitement - we always did this she would ride up and I would sprint up the stairs to try and beat her there.

“Three!” she shrieked as it finished shutting, I caught a last glimpse of her dark curls. 

I turned on my toes and sprinted as fast as I could. She was going up three stories - difficult but I’d done it before. 

I made it to the end of the hallway and threw the door open behind me. I heard it clatter against the wall and knew Mrs. Walker would give me an earful when we left but it was worth it. 

I was at the first landing. My heart was racing, not from exertion - yet - but from excitement. Knowing the look that would cross Abby’s face whether I got there first or not. 

The second floor wasn’t as easy I could feel the sweat trickling down my temples, my face flush. She would probably win this one, I’d only won once here. 

The third landing was in sight. I was leaning heavily on the railing now. Had I been alone I would have rested for a moment. But no, I had to be there for Abby when the doors opened. The last stair seemed to last an extra long heartbeat, and then I was at my stop. 

Grabbing the handle I flung this door open too. 

My eye’s flickered to the sides of the hall where the sconces burned low - I would have to let maintenance know, it was a tripping hazard.

Door after door flashed by, and I heard the ding of the elevator just as I reached the doorway.

Huh. Wow. I had done it! I leaned casually on the frame, my heart beating frantically, a goofy grin plastered to my face. Abby’s giggles already rang in my ears but I couldn’t wait to see her face.

The second ding of the doors as they parted made me straighten just a bit. 

Then the door opened, a tall dark haired young woman, maybe in her late teens or early twenties stood there.

Alone.

Grin fading I straightened. 

Abby - where was my Abigail.

Even as her name formed on my lips, just a breath away from being spoken the woman looked me in the eye and sighed.

"Hello Dad. We have a lot to talk about."“Hades can we keep him?” Persephone said, smoothing out the hair from the figure’s face.

Bruised and battered, the man’s eyes tried to open behind the swelling.

“It’s not a small pigeon we can nurse back to health. It’s an angel!” Hades emphasized the last world, looking down at his kneeling wife and the birdbrain she wanted to make her pet.

“Is that a yes then?” She had hope in her voice, lightly running her fingers over his shattered wings.

“It was not.” He said firmly.

“But it wasn’t a no, either!” She said with excitement.

“Darling. You know he will be missed. We have to return him to his god.” Hades pinched the bridge of his nose, what was he supposed to do here?

“But honey! You know if we return him like this, it could start a war!” She was now carefully assessing the damage to the left wing, which was almost upside down.

“Persephone. He can make his decision, he has free will.” That would ride her open until the man was able to at least speak.

“No.” She was shaking her head.

“No what?” She had better not be fighting him on this.

“No, that God’s angels don’t have free will. It’s what separates them from humans. He would be unable to decide on his own.” She was really wheedling at Hades now.

“That and their damned wings… right, right….”

Frowning he looked more closely at the angel. Broken wings and face, at least one stab wound. The clothing he was wearing was more like the humans’ current military garb than the old robes they used to wear. He would have thanked a god, but he didn’t believe any of his siblings or rivals deserves such praise.

“Well?” She looked so hopeful. Hades knew how lonely she got with just him and Cerberus.

Sighing, not believing he was giving into his wife again, he gave a nod and walked away.

He could hear her excited squee as he left, so he shouted back, “Remember. He’s your responsibility!”

Standing up and pacing around the angel, Persephone frowned. Who would have done such a thing to such a mighty creature? She had found him near the river Styx when the ferryman had called her.

As a goddess in her own right, she had the strength to carry him back to their home. Where he stubborn husband had bitched and argued as was his normal. But she knew, he did like giving her what she wanted.

For once in her life she wished that she had more healing talent, or that they didn’t live in hell, so that she could at least get the man a pack of ice. No, it would be skills that she had learned over the centuries and time that would heal him.

His eyes had been open for a while, but he wasn’t focusing on anything, so he must not be fully awake or aware. She squatted back down in front of him.

“Angel, can you speak? What is your name?” She lightly tapped his cheek, but he only moaned softly.

“Well Angel it is, until you can tell me otherwise… Now where is my sewing kit?” She wandered away from the pile of flesh and feathers who had yet to move on his own.

Finding what she was looking for, she returned to her ward. She paced around him once more, deciding where to start.

“Now Angel, I’m very sorry for the pain I am about to cause you. I’ll talk you through it all. I’m going to start with your stab wounds.”

She cut the shirt and pants off the man, counting stabs. One in the ribs, two in the stomach. The weren’t bleeding much, though she was surprised to find that they bled red like the humans. Gods like her had silver blood.

She looked at where his male anatomy should have been and giggled. She had forgotten that their god had made them genderless. So he only looked male.

“Alright, sorry for the destruction, back to work. You have three stab wounds. I’m going to sew them up.”

She didn’t know if he was conscious or not, but she hoped not when she sank the needle into his flesh. Fresh blood welled and she bit her lip, knowing how much it must hurt.

“Almost done now Angel.” She murmured as she started on the third wound.

As she did so, blood oozed from his injury and he coughed slightly. That wasn’t a good sign, but she didn’t have way of looking at it deeper. She just hoped that it was not actively bleeding, just being forced out as she stitched.

“I’ll be right back!” She promised. Standing, she went and got a bowl of water and some clean rags.

She cleaned the blood off of both of them. She knew that while she would have liked to let him sleep, she needed to set his wings before the started to heal.

“Okay dear. This is going to hurt quite a bit more. I’m going to set your wings if you ever hope to fly again.” She gently rolled him onto his newly mended stomach, and took a deep breath. The sound of bones moving always made her queasy.

“One … Two…” She yanked the wing that was upside down back to the correct position.

A muffled scream and deep breathing was the only response, so after a moment, she started doing the smaller adjustments.

His bones were like birds, hollow and light. Distinguishing them from feather was not the easiest task. Going slowly, she felt for each one, making sure it was aligned with its neighbor or the rest of itself. The whole time she murmured words of encouragement, getting grunts and smaller yelps in response.

Finally she was finished. The bruises across his face had darkened, and his eyes had finished swelling shut. His breathing was ragged, but he was alive.

Persephone decided a hammock system would work best for him to rest as he needed to be off his stomach and wings. She carefully lace fabric so it cradled his head, ran between his wings, and down his back. The she ran another one below his wings, running parallel to their impressive 30 foot span.

“Hades! I need your help!” She called when she was ready to hoist him up.

Coming back into the room, he rolled his dark eyes. “I thought I told you he was your responsibility…”

“Oh leave it be. I just need help lifting. And not because I’m too weak, but because both ends have to be done at once.” She knew if she didn’t get it all out he would just mock her more.

“Fine fine.” He conceded, as if he hadn’t been watching this whole time.

They lifted the first hammock off the ground, pulling it tight so that the angel was able to lay straight. Then they moved to the sides and loosely lifted his wings so they were not being pulled down by their own weight.

She walked back to the center, checking on her patient. His fingers flexed, and she reached out her hand to grab his. A light squeeze and then he was asleep.

“Heal up Angel, so I can learn your actual name.” She kissed his forehead like a small child, and walked away.

&#x200B;

## 

**Author's note: Welcome to** r/LandOfMisfits! **There are quite a few new faces around and I just wanted to welcome you all! If you're new, think about checking out my Welcome page, along with my other ongoing serials. I have** **,** **, and** **. If you haven't already, get notifications from the bot by commenting** HelpMeButler <Peril> ***in*** **the stickied comment below (you all blew up my inbox the last two days). I along with several other authors have a discord, and I would love for you to join!** 

**When you join, you can do ?rank (role). The available roles, and you can have all of them, you just have to add them one at a time, are Heartscale, Choice (for Dragon's Choice), Oreo, and Peril of the Gods. I hope you come visit with me! I'm on just about 24/7 and love to talk. See, look at how long this note has gone on for. Okay, from here on out, the author's note will be at the bottom of the post.**

Persephone looked around Hell with interest. She had never been there before, even though the Underworld and Hell bordered each other. It was hot, with no distinct light source, with red soil that was dry and cracked. The ground crunched as she walked in the direction, she sensed to be the center.

This Hell was populated with the souls of the Christian dead who had sinned. Just like the Underworld was filled with souls of those who still believed in their pantheon. Now-a-days it was only a few hundred a year, but in the last few decades numbers were back on the rise.

Hades, surprised at this revelation, had gone to visit the world, and found it a vastly different place than the one they had left. The mortals had discovered so many interesting concepts of science. Enough that a whole new god had been born. Even as a minor deity, Persephone had felt it. Another thing the mortals had done was the invention of pants. She was wearing a pair of tights and a plain yellow tank top. It was so much more versatile than the robes and dresses she had worn for centuries.

She didn’t know what she was going to find here. She had never met Lucifer, but she had heard tales of him being cast from the realm of heaven. Occasionally one of his demons had made their way into the underworld by accident, but Cerberus normally cleared them out before Hades had to get involved.

Thinking about her husband, Persephone picked up her pace. She knew that he could find her wherever she went, and he would be in a foul mood when he caught up to her.

\---

Hades and Azrael just stared at the spot she had been for a long moment. The Hades issued a noise quite similar to a rhinoceros’s bellow, charging at the angel. He raised his bident up and ran it through the angel’s shoulder, pinning him to the wall.

“If she gets hurt, I will strip the feathers from you wings and jab them each into your eyes before tearing you limb from limb. You may not be my creation, but I can kill you if I so choose.” He growled.

Azrael’s shoulder burned, but he did not rise to the god’s challenge. Instead he simply nodded and said, “Then we should get on our way. My brother has many demons under his control.”

Pulling the weapon from the angel’s shoulder, Hades grabbed the wound and teleported them both after his errant wife.

\---

Persephone had made it much farther than she expected without encountering anyone or anything. The strange dry land continued in every direction, as far as the eye could see.

She felt more than she heard her husband arrive. Turning and rolling her eyes, she started speaking.

“You took long en-” She cut off when she saw the blood pouring from Azrael’s shoulder.

“Are you fucking kidding me Hades? I just got him put back together!” she screamed, slapping at her husband’s hand that was still grasping the wound.

“Go home Persephone.” Hades told her coolly.

She just stared at him. Then turned and started walking in the direction she had been heading. Azrael followed her, not saying anything.

She didn’t know if it was the angel or the blood, but within moments, more demons than she had ever seen were running at this from all directions. They had skin that looked like ground meat that was burned in some places blistered in others. Their teeth were sharp and their eyes solid black. Not like Hades, who’s eyes still had whites to them, but a solid, oily black. Many of them had black hair and whip like tails.

A large brute, with horns sprouting from his head and black claws from his hands, reached for the small goddess. As she spun away from him, her long dark hair was grabbed from behind by another. Angrily, she grabbed the first one’s arm as he went sailing by, twisting it up behind him, feeling it break.

Reaching behind her for the one who had hold of her hair, she found herself face to face with Hades, his bident already shoved through the demon’s heart. She, Hades, and Azrael formed a triangle with their backs to each other. Each fighting of demon after demon. The pile of bodies grew around them, but more continued their ambush on the two gods and the angel.

“We have to keep moving, if we are going to reach Lucifer,” Azrael cried as another demon tried to impale him with its sword.

“Oh, but brother, I’ve been quite enjoying watching your plight!” A deep echoing voice said.

Appearing in the region between Persephone and Azrael, was Lucifer.

He was a blonde haired blue eyed giant. Nearly seven feet tall, he towered over Hades and Azrael, and Persephone was fairly sure she only came up to his elbow. He, like Azrael, had one set of enormous wings, nearly fifty feet in wingspan, but he also had a second set, lower than the first with a twenty-foot span. Both sets were a dark charcoal, as though they had been set aflame. His arms to his wrists were burned and blistered. The demons had fled from the aura he emitted.

Azrael fell to his knees cowering before his brother. Lucifer laughed, a smooth silky noise that clashed with what Persephone knew about him.

“Oh brother. Come now! I’m assuming our other brothers sent you? Couldn’t be bother themselves?”

“Father is-”

“Dead. I know! Isn’t it wonderful!” Lucifer seemed gleeful at the thought that his creator was no more.

“It is most assuredly not wonderful!” Fear crept into Azrael’s voice.

“Nonsense. Now angels can finally have free will like the humans!” He was pacing, the earth cracking and turning black with every step.

“I am quite pleased with my current existence.” Azrael said sternly.

“Oh yes, following orders like the good little soldier ant.” Lucifer shook his head. “Ants. That’s all we ever were to father.”

Hades was quite tired of the almighty aura emitting from the angel. “You will go with your brother back to heaven. You *will* help them defeat the god killer.”

“Or what old man? I’ll rot in hell?” Lucifer threw his head back laughing hysterically at his own joke.

“I will end your existence before mine is ended. That is what. Your father might have been a mighty god, but he is now as dead as any of his mortals. More so, since he has yet to appear in any of the afterlives.” Hades kept his voice level and his black eyes fixed on Lucifer’s blue.

Red flames erupted around Lucifer’s fists, and blue around Hades’ arms. Before Azrael or Persephone could stop them, they were beating each other’s faces into oblivion. While Lucifer was much larger than Hades, he did not have the might of a god. After several rounds of blows, Lucifer fell to his knees.

Hades stood back, just watching the archangel like one looks at a spoiled child. “Maybe if your father had put you in your place originally, things would have turned out differently. Now, we have more angels to see.”

He grabbed Lucifer’s elbow and pulled him to his feet. Lucifer, in turn, refused to look at him.

“I can’t. Father may be dead, but he physically removed my access to heaven.” He didn’t sound nearly as confident as he had before.

“We’ll see about that. Azrael, take my hand and show us where we are going.” He held his other hand out to the smaller angel. Persephone laid her hand on her husband’s back, and in the blink of an eye the group was gone.

&#x200B;

#Dying wasn’t anything like I thought it would be. 

I always expected it to be painful, and long - the whole light at the end of the tunnel thing. Or like sleeping. Awake one moment, asleep the next, with no real moment of transition between the two. 

Instead it was more of a nothingness. Not light, not dark, not warm nor cold - just nothingness.

When I awoke, I was myself - but I wasn’t. My body felt wrong. Like a marionette with the strings in a knot. I was in control… but any harsh movement would send it all tumbling. Figuring out how to move seemed to take most of my attention, for when I looked up there was a man standing above me.

He was wizened and wrinkled. His skin the pallor of death, but with patches of black rot blotched about. He wore a strange red cloak with the hood drawn back, and as he moved it swayed like a curtain. His short grey hair had been combed over and sat upon his scalp more like a hat than hair. 

He was staring at me, waiting for me to acknowledge him, his eyes a milky white that had once been blue. When I locked eyes with him he spoke, his voice strong compared to his withered body, "You're dead, but you're not safe, none of us are. Take this, be careful which spirits you trust, and never speak to anybody if you can't see their eyes."

In his hand he held a glittering silver dagger. As it lay on his palm I could see the ornate detail carved into both the blade and hilt. Strange runes that I couldn’t understand.

I blinked, looking up at him, then down at my hands. Moving still felt wrong, and when I tried to open my mouth, it felt as if my jaw was wired shut. 

“Like I said, you’re dead. It’ll take a bit to get used to.” He flipped the dagger around, holding it outstretched for me to grab. I reached for it, my arms moving stiffly and my fingers failing on the first attempt to close.

“Only spoke to you since ya look like kin of mine. Remember, you’re not safe here.” He turned, the strange red cape whirling behind him, and he strode off. 

For the first time I looked around myself. It was foggy, and as I searched for the sun, I found no trace of it. No point in the grey sky was brighter than any other. Frowning, I looked down. I was in a field, filled with brittle grasses, dried as if they had been scorched. I couldn’t see much farther than my own legs, which were stretched in front of me where I had tried to stand and landed on my rear end.

Then fog. In every direction I looked. The field could go on forever for all I knew.

I looked back down at the dagger in my hand. I had expected to the metal to feel cold, but it wasn’t. If felt as if I were just holding nothing. A heavy nothing, but there was no texture, not temperature, nothing. 

I gripped it tightly, and used my other hand to try once again to stand. It worked this time, but I still didn’t know where I was, or what was going on. 

He had said I was dead. I *knew* I was dead. I remembered dying. But that didn’t explain anything about where I was, or what he had been talking about. 

Danger? What could possibly harm the dead? And hadn’t he said something about eyes?

I started walking, and for an immeasurable time it felt like I wasn’t moving. The same grass surrounded me, the same fog lingered as far as I could see.

It was only when another cloaked figure approached did things feel any different. Their hood was drawn, and they walked in another direction, where our paths would cross only briefly.

I tried to talk again, but control of my mouth was still beyond my control. 

So I waved.

The figure turned towards me, and I could see the shape of its face. It was a skull. Empty of all skin, bone and teeth both a same sickly yellow. 

And there were no eyes.There he was. Just a child really, standing before me. Sure he was dressed in the gleaming armour and wielded the supposedly righteous sword of Resnal, but he was just a child.

He was giving a speech now, on how I was the bane of the world. The Mother of all Evil. But even to me it sounded hollow. I stood, my dark gown pooling at my feet, and cut him off mid sentence.

“Child, what is your name?”

He blinked at me, his large golden eyes visible through the visor of his helmet. I could see the confusion there, as he blinked again.

“I’m Thale, defender of the -” he was going to go into his titles. I could hear it.

“Ah, Thale. Would you mind lowering your sword. There’s no need. I just want to talk. If - after - you still feel the need to kill me, well I won’t defend myself.”

The tip of the sword fell a fraction of an inch. “Why? What do you - ”

“Thale!” The woman who had to be a priestess of Resnal from her robes, cut in. “You must smite her now!”

“Relly, she hasn’t stopped us from entering. No one has tried to kill us here. She just said I can kill her after we talk!” He turned to look at her, annoyance written on his face.

“She’s just trying to trick you!” Another party member, perhaps their mage, said. As Thale turned to glare at that man, I cleared my throat.

“Just shut up, Asper.” He shot, before turning back to me.

“You ah - seem to be in disagreement with your friends.” I said lightly. The anger i could see in his eyes was not directed at me.

“They are *not* my friends,” he said roughly as he glanced behind himself once again. “The King assigned them to me.”

“Oh? The chosen one needed a nanny?” I asked, enjoying the looks of anger on the man and woman’s faces.

“Yes! They haven’t left me alone for even a moment since I was declared Resnal’s chosen,” he said through gritted teeth.

“Would you like to talk? My offer is still on the table.” I grabbed at the faint traces of magic swirling in the room, and used them to temporarily silence and bind his companions.

I rolled my eyes slightly as the woman got out a choked, “No!” before the spell took hold. Thale glanced back again, and could see her straining against the spell.

“What did you do to them!” He asked mildly, as if my answer would sway his feelings.

“Nothing but bind and gag them with magic. They are fine, and I will free them once we’ve talked.”

“They shall not be harmed?” he asked doubtfully.

“Never.”

I gestured at him to follow me to my sitting room. As I walked, I saw him take his helmet off and I was slightly surprised to see that he was even younger than I had expected. Maybe sixteen, if he was in the right light.

How dare Resnal or anyone, decide that a child would be the warrior of their fight.

I sat on a small lounge, and motioned for him to sit wherever he pleased.

“Would you like a refreshment? A drink, or food?” I asked, waving for a servant.

“I’m good, thank you. Miss bossy out there made sure that we stopped to eat and drink before we entered your keep.”

“Of course she did. Got to have you feeling fresh before you slay the evil witch.” I couldn’t help but snicker.

He grinned slightly, but looked down at his feet.

“What did you want to talk about?”

I had been going to tell him I was planning on leaving. That the magic here had grown thin… But something about the way he had bickered with his group. Said they weren’t his friends. When I opened my mouth, my words surprised me, “Would you like to join me here? Forsake the kingdom. Forsake Resnal?”

“Yes.”

I looked up, surprised. “You would forsake it all to join me?”

“Will I just be a puppet to you as well?” he asked, his voice dour and his head turned ever so slightly in the direction of main hall where his companions were.

“No. You may be my apprentice - if you like, or you can simply stay here with me. I will not hold you to any expectations other than what you are - a child. Yes you are near manhood, but you should not be here today. It was wrong of them to send you.”

“Then yes.” he said nodding. He had sheathed his sword when he had entered, but he stood up and threw it on the ground, followed by the plate armor from his arms and chest.

“Shall I teleport your travel companions away? We could make it look like I killed you?” I asked, already heading to the main hall once again.

“Yes, send them away. Far far away. If I ever have to hear one more demand from Relly my head is going to explode.”

“Well then, far away they shall go,” I said as we entered the hall.

Relly’s eyes locked on mine and then on Thale. I released the binding spell, and then opened a portal beneath their feet. It was harder than I would have liked, the magic too thin here for me to maintain it long. But then they were gone, and Thale and I were left standing there alone.

“You know, I could use a drink now,” he said. He was pale, but smiling.

\---

I am continuing this over on r/redditserials here is a link to the**Author's Note:**   **Also, please consider becoming a patron at my** **. Any and all funds from it will go towards cover or character art for my stories.** 

I hadn’t even been home for a full 24 hours when I got a call from my publishing company. Rob’s mother had contacted them with the news that a memorial would be held in his hometown, with a funeral at a later date. They also were kind enough to tell me that my status with them was on hold until another agent could be assigned to work with me. That had me rolling my eyes. Rob had worked with me from day one, and no one would be able to replace him.

Once I hung up, I was left sitting on the couch looking around. The apartment was spartan, if you could even call it that. A TV hooked up to basic cable, an empty kitchen, and a picked over closet. I had asked myself more than once why I hadn’t just donated a couple of those old suits and was disgusted with myself over the state of my field clothes. Traveling to the site of my research had led me to having some interesting outfits, but most were in an unwearable state. 

Over the course of the next few days I planned my trip to Rob’s memorial and slowly restocked my shabby apartment. Not that I cared at the moment, but no agent meant no travel, so I was living in the space for the first time in nearly two years. Most of the money I spent was on new clothes and a new laptop. I considered buying groceries but figured with the last trip I would be taking for a while coming up, I would just order out until then.

The first night after getting my computer, I tried to go back and watch Marshall, however, the past that I returned to was not Victorian era England, but rather back at Ben’s farm in the Midwest. In the past this wouldn’t have surprised me, but this time I paid closer attention to details that I saw when I first arrived - or I tried to, but Ben was in a caustic mood, pacing across the room and muttering to himself.

I walked closer to him, in hopes to catch what had upset a man I had come to know as placid, but the only thing of note I could understand was “he’s dead….” I had seated myself on his couch and started talking.

“I don’t know who you lost, but I lost a dear friend of mine recently. My only friend actually - other than you and the others I’ve watched.” I peered at him, knowing he couldn’t hear me, and like clockwork he paced by my seat again. 

“I thought I knew you, Benjamin Ronald Potts. Born to Clair and William Potts. In this very house…” I waved around myself wishing that the motion would draw his attention. “You were born here. Lived here. And,” I sighed, “you died here.”

That’s what my research had told me. What years of watching this man had said. I still didn’t understand why my second sight always came back to this man - this time. 

But that wasn’t true. At some point he left here - came to *my* time. He had been in the group of faces I had recognized at the book signing. 

I shook my head standing and searching the house. Not being able to open doors or drawers or even books was driving me crazy. The answers to my questions could be lying on the other side and I had no way of knowing. 

I left that night, frustrated that I had learned no more from Ben than I had Marshall. What was the point of watching them? At some point I had slipped from watching to caring. From strangers to friends. I had laughed when they laughed - cried when they cried.

And it was all a lie. It had to be. There was simply no other way that Kao’s book could have been so thoroughly annotated otherwise. 

I had gone to bed that night thinking about time travelers. I still didn’t even know for sure that was what was going on but that’s the only thing my mind could explain with.

\---

The night before I was booked for my flight out to Rob’s memorial there was a knock at my door. Confused, I peered out the peep hole to see two suited figures. One man was tall and clearly muscled, making his suit pull in strange places. The other man was shorter, and well, the first thought in my mind was geeky.

 “Hello? Can I help you?” I asked as I opened the door with slight trepidation. 

“Mr. Pierce? I’m Agent Callahoon, and this is Agent Parker. We are here about the fire that recently occurred at the hotel that you were staying at on your book tour,” the geeky looking agent said.

“Oh, uh right - hello. Come on in,” I opened the door wide and stepped back. I had given my address to the police, but was I was surprised that the fire had been elevated to a higher agency.

I led the two to the sparse living room, motioning for them to sit on the couch. I grabbed a pillow and threw it down on the ground and sat cross-legged before them. I wanted to clear the leftover Chinese containers off the table, but the agents didn’t even give them a second look.

“So uh, agents Callahoon and Parker, what can I do for you this evening?” I asked, absently rubbing at my knee.

“We just had a few questions for you. We have reason to believe the fire at the hotel was a targeted attack - “

I had never been good at talking to law enforcement, and when Callahoon said that I couldn’t help but cut in, “I was eating at the diner down the road when the fire started. I think it was called Ruth’s?” 

With a dark chuckle Callahoon continued, “Yes of course. We think that you might have been the target of the attack.”

I blinked, not understanding what he had just said. Before I could recover myself to ask, well anything, he continued.

“The fire was set, we have found the ignition source, in the stairwell near your door.”

Still trying to process what he was saying, I heard myself ask, “So what makes you think I was the target? Not Rob? Or someone else?”

“Mr. McArthur’s death was an unfortunate accident. His body is still being held for autopsy, though we are fairly sure he died of smoke inhalation. However, it was the attendant from the front desk who told us there was an odd Japanese woman looking for your room. He said she was rushed and looked nervous, was constantly looking around as if expecting to be watched.” 

Callahoon seemed content with this answer, but that opened more questions for me than it answered.

Kao. That’s who it had to have been. But her looking for me did not equal the fire being set. Not unless they knew that I had used my second sight to go back in time again and continue to watch Marshall.

“I think you must be mistaken. It must just be one of my many fans, just looking to discuss my book. After all, I was there for a book signing.”

“Yes, about that, we reviewed footage of the event, and the same woman was there, having her book signed, along with a small group of people.”

“Well, I signed several books that day. I don’t remember specific faces,” I wasn’t sure why I was covering for Kao, especially if she had started the fire. But I didn’t think she had. I mean, I knew her! She would never do something like that. 

“None the less, we have to investigate all possible leads. Do you think that you could possibly be a target over your current research?”

Marshall? No one even knew I was researching him yet. I hadn’t even gone on my normal trip to visit his past residence yet. I slowly shook my head, not able to vocalize my thoughts. 

“Are you sure? What are you currently researching? We found some drives, but they were badly fire damaged.” 

“I’m currently researching teaching in Victorian Era London, specifically the life and livelihood of one Marshall Douglas. Nothing worth targeting me over.” My voice shook, even as I answered. “You said you found my hard drives? Will I be getting them back any time soon?”

“Unfortunately, not. Our techs are currently working on reading any data off of them. They were severely damaged in the fire,” Callahoon was saying once again. Agent Parker hadn’t spoken once, in fact he had spent most of the time looking around the room from his seat on the couch.

“Right, well then,” I stood and held out my hand, “Thank you for coming by. Was there anything else you needed from me?”

Neither agent shook my hand and I dropped it awkwardly to my side, “No, thank you for your cooperation. Please keep yourself available for future questions and interviews. We may need more information from you in the near future.”

“Right, of course. Well I’ll be flying out first thing in the morning for Rob’s memorial. But I’ll be back in two days.” There was no point in staying, I didn’t know anyone who would be there. I was going to give his poor mother my condolences, and to say my own goodbyes, even if he wasn’t physically there.

I lead the two men out and closed the door. I had a long flight ahead of me.# 

They were in heaven, fallen angel and all in tow. Hades looked around, his face pouted into his most lavish scowl. Persephone wanted to run around exploring like child, but she kept still - with the exception of her foot which tapped rapidly.

“It’s so… Bright,” Hades said, his scowl sharpening.

“*Father* wanted it to be warm and welcoming when he created it.” Lucifer said drolly.

He looked uncomfortable with his arms crossed and both sets of wings pulled in tight, as though touching anything might contaminate him.

“This way.” Azrael motioned for them to follow him.

It was a strange place. Not white, nor grey but some sort of brightness in between. It felt like they were walking down a hallway, but there were no walls, the lightness just seemed to surround them, changing as they moved along in what seemed to Persephone no specific manner.

“It keeps the mortal souls from wandering around,” Lucifer said.

His voice was taught. Where he had looked like a god in Hell, here he was rapidly shrinking in upon himself. Persephone wondered what could make the fallen angel so uncomfortable.

The answer was apparent after another minute of walking. They were suddenly in a hall with tiered seating and an open floor. Angels of all type ranged in the seating above, while the lowest tier held only four obscenely large angels. They, like Lucifer produced an aura, but like his, theirs was full of… well *goodness.* The other archangels.

Azrael had led them to the middle of the room to stand before all the angels. Many had shrunk back in fear from Lucifer, but one of the archangels stood from his seat and reached out his hands.

“Azra! You have succeeded in your journey! Come. Take your seat among the ranks.” The angel speaking could have been Lucifer’s twin, with the exception that his was black and his eyes golden.

Lucifer had his back turned to this angel and was instead studying his nails. The other angels were extremely interested in him, however. Some were craning their necks to look around at him and whispers were stirring around the room.

Azrael turned and glancing at Persephone and Hades, made his way into the stands.

“Now, I don’t believe we’ve met,” the man continued, “I am Michael, first among the archangels.”

Lucifer scoffed as Michael said this, but he was ignored.

“I am Persephone, goddess of Spring. This is my husband, Hades, god of the underworld.”

She knew if she didn’t speak first, Hades would have just ended the conversation by teleporting them home. Even still, she stepped out of his arm reach, just in case.

“Thank you for helping Azra in his task. You may go now.”

The dismissal was laughable. Lucifer scoffed again, and Hades cleared his throat. It was one thing for him to leave by his own will, but another to be dismissed.

“I think not. Your creator is dead. A being more powerful than even I. How?” Hades’s black eyes burned into Michael’s gold.

The room became silent and still, everyone watching the exchange. Except Lucifer who still was more interested in his hand than the angels surrounding them.

Michael broke the gaze first.

“We are unsure. One moment he was there, the next… A searing moment of agony, which we are still investigating whether or not it affected the mortal realm, and then he was gone.”

Michael’s voice was monotones, the fire which had been in his eyes moments before, smothered.

“So, you have called upon your fallen brother. For what? To prepare to fight an unknown foe?” Hades voice was filled with contempt.

Another one of the archangels stood. Fiery red hair curled tightly against his head, his green eyes were looking not at Hades or Lucifer, but Persephone.

“We have called Lucifer here because the angels, without Father’s presence will die without free will.” His voice was grave and quiet.

Lucifer had finally stopped examining his hand.

“Oh, Raphael, you just realized this? We archangels, we would survive, but the rest?” He motioned to the crowd of angels watching, “Death. Painful, agonizing death.”

Several faces in the assembly paled. Apparently, they had not known this information. Whispers started again, this time rushed and sharp.

“Father was a narcissist. He thought himself better than everyone and everything else. That he alone would be eternal,” Lucifer laughed at this, but continued, “I saw from the very beginning. All I ever wanted for our people was the freedom he gave to the humans.”

The other archangels looked at him with tight pressed lips. One had his bulging arms crossed over his chest, the other still sitting was tapping his fingers on the desk in front of him. Michael’s arms had fallen to his side and Raphael had strain written across his face as he tried to remain calm.

“Brother -” Raphael started, but was cut off by Lucifer.

“Do *not* call me brother. You had a choice when Father cast me out. Burned my wings. Yet, you and the other’s remained silent. You *villainized* me.”

“You created the demons!” one of the sitting archangels shouted.

His eyes and hair were a luminescent white, like the strange surroundings. His skin a dark ebony.

“I did Uriel! At least *they* have free will!”

Lucifer’s strange aura crackled, and his wings flexed, causing Persephone to have to take a step closer to the other archangels. She could see Hades was growing tired of the childish arguments, so she didn’t want to get closer to him either.

“Now, Lucifer, it seems like your brothers and sisters, *all* the angels, need your help.” She said loudly.

A silence fell in the room, everyone watching the small goddess.

She continued, “You already wanted this. So, help your brothers. The rest of angel kind did not have a choice on helping you. You and the other archangels can work out your differences at another time.”

If she had ever learned one thing from her mother, Demeter, it was her mom voice. The commanding way she spoke and ended arguments between her children. It worked. The hostile auras from both Lucifer and the other archangel’s diminished and tensions eased.

“So, what do you need to do to grant the angels free will?” She asked, trying to keep the attention on the fact that he had wanted this and thought about this before.

“I -” he paused, “am not sure. I just argued with Father that they should have it. I did not know how.”

Faces around the room fell. Persephone really thought this should have been a private matter between the archangels, but that was not for her to decide.

“Maybe we can help?” She posited, looking at her husband.

“I have no control over another god’s creation. You know that, love.” He sighed, shaking his head.

“But their god is dead…” She wanted to help. She looked among all the angels, Azrael’s face shining down at her.

“We think that we have the power to do it,” Michael said. “But only if Lucifer helps.”

“We will help too, if we can.” Persephone promised.

Hades frowned but nodded. Perhaps they would be able to have an effect. They had never been faced with a godless race before. Since all the gods were immortal… He didn’t want to think about that.

“Bro- Lucifer.” Michael cleared his throat, “How did you create your demons?”

Hisses and snarls rang out from around the room. Lucifer for the first time had the audacity to look sheepish.

“I stole them.” He said, scrubbing his booted foot against the floor.

“What do you mean you stole them?” Uriel asked, perplexed.

“From the Well of Souls.” He looked at the strange ceiling, refusing to look at the others.

Thunder crackled, and everyone looked at Hades. He was alight in blue flame and his black eyes burned with a strange darkness.

“No one but a god should be able to enter the Well of Souls.”

He was angrier than Persephone had ever seen. As he raised his arm, Persephone dove at him, teleporting them both to their own realm.

They arrived just as he unleashed a burst of energy so powerful that shockwaves echoed for a solid minute.

Gripping her spouse, she kept them both tethered to their own realm until the fire had died out. She frowned. He had ruined her favorite shirt.

“Why did you bring me here Persephone. He deserves to be wiped from existence!” He tried to pace, but she held onto him firmly, afraid that he would indeed go back and smite the fallen archangel.

“Past transgressions my love. We have a bigger issue to deal with. The god killer? Remember?” She still refused to let go of him.

“Maybe they just wanted Jehovah dead. I certainly don’t begrudge them that.” He said, looking around at the river Styx, which should have been full of new souls coming to the Underworld, but it lay still and empty.

“That’s not true and you know it. Never once have we wanted him dead, even if it meant fewer souls here. None of the others have. Now, we promised to help them. Are you going to try and smite him again?”

Anger seethed off Hades, but he shook his head.

“Alright. Let’s go back.”

In a moment, they were back in the strange room they had left minutes before. Where it had mostly been silence when they left, it was now a cacophony of noises. All the archangels were standing, and Lucifer was pale.

“Welcome back, Divine Gods.” The archangel who had to be Gabriel welcomed them, as they had appeared closest to him.

He most closely resembled Lucifer, with his golden hair, and blue eyes. Where Lucifer’s eyes were a dark navy his were a sky blue.

“Thank you. What is going on?” Persephone asked, her hand still resting on her husband in case she needed to teleport him away again.

“Lucifer has been explaining his demons. Why they have bodies in Hell, but not on the mortal plane.” He looked worried.

“Well?” Hades demanded. It had irked him to no end before that a non-godly being had created life before, now he was furious.

“He wasn’t powerful enough to give them life on other planes, other than as souls. Which is why they can inhabit human bodies.” Gabriel frowned as he spoke.

Persephone was hit with inspiration. “I know how to give free will to the angels!”

That quieted the room. Michael walked his enormous frame over to her. He towered above her, and she thought perhaps he was trying to intimidate her.

“Well?” He demanded, and she smiled up to him.

“We give them souls!”

She pointedly did not look at Hades, who she knew would disagree with her idea. Which he did. Immediately.

“No,” he said to the now silent room.

“Why not?” Uriel asked, his white eyes stared into Hades’ black.

“The Well of Souls is intended for the birth of mortals. The Well creates the souls, they live their lives, and then they go to the realm of the god that they worship. That is how it works. How it has always worked.”

“The angels, like our Father will simply cease to exist if they die,” Raphael argued, running a large hand threw his red hair.

“How long?” Persephone asked, turning to Lucifer and Michael, “How long until the angels die?”

Lucifer shrugged, his black wings bobbing up and down. “Not sure. Father didn’t really talk about it, you know? The whole immortal narcissist thing?”

“Guess then,” she demanded, squeezing Hades hand.

“A few weeks at most,” Michael responded.

Persephone turned and faced her husband. “We need them alive. We don’t know who killed Jehovah, we don’t know which god is next. We need to summon the other gods, convince them that this is the right thing to do.”

Hades shook his head, “I don’t even think this is the right thing to do.”

“Hades, my love, think of the mortals.” She knew he had a soft spot for them, even if he was god of the underworld.

“Fine, but you have to be the one to invite my brothers.” He told her.

“We are coming too,” Michael told her.

“Of course, you are. You have to plead your case to the others.”

She frowned. She just hoped they could *find* all the other gods before it was too late.

**Author's note: Thank you for reading Peril of the Gods! If you're new, think about checking out my Welcome page, along with my  other ongoing serials. I have** **,** **, and** **.  I  along with several other authors have a discord, and I would love for  you to join!** 

&#x200B;

#**Author's Note: Again, Welcome to Land Of Misfits.**  **Also, please consider becoming a patron at my** **. Any and all funds from it will go towards cover or character art for my stories. Please enjoy part 3!**



As the fire burned and the sirens continued to blare, I stood watching people pour out of the building like ants. Many had their faces covered with their shirts or rags, trying to block the smoke. Firefighters and paramedics were separating people into groups based on the amount of smoke they had inhaled, trying to count the number of evacuees, and trying to assess how many people could still be inside the inferno that had been the hotel.

I felt sick as I looked around, waiting to see Rob’s face appear, but as the minutes drew on and the confusion seemed to settle down, I realized that he wasn’t in the group. I pulled out my cell, hitting the button that would dial his number for me.

Brrrring. Brrrrring… Brrrring.

“Hello, you’ve reached Rob Patterson – I’m currently unavailable, please leave your name…” I hung up at that point, cussing.

Running over to the nearest firefighter, I tugged at his arm.

“Sir! Sir! Please! My book agent, Rob Patterson. He was still in his room when I left! Room 512!” I shouted, unsure how loud I needed to be over the sirens and his thick helmet.

“We’re working our way up, on the third floor now. But unless we get this fire under control, the building is going to be unstable in minutes.”

His tone was brief, but I understood that he had a job to do. So, I backed up, pulling out my phone and dialing Rob’s number again. It continued to ring, and all I could think was *At least it isn’t going straight to voicemail*.

Pacing back and forth, I looked up. Occasionally trapped survivors were being brought down the ladder, but like the man had said – they were only on the third floor.

Why hadn’t the sprinkler system gone off? Or had it and the fire had continued to spread anyways? I couldn’t know. Not without being there.

Not for the first time was I frustrated by my lack of control over my ability. If I could just sit down, focus on the fire, and wait to see if Rob was even in the room… But I couldn’t. It just wasn’t the way my powers worked. Not that I had *any* understanding of them, other than I did in fact see the past.

When I was younger I had even questioned that fact. Wondering if I was hallucinating or going mad. But it had been the American Farmer, Ben Potts – who had convinced me otherwise for that. I had hopped in my car at sixteen and drove from California to some podunk town in the middle of nowhere Kansas. I had tracked down the very house he had lived in, moldering but still standing. The moment that I had known, really *known* I wasn’t crazy had been enough for me to sit down on the decaying porch and start sobbing.

I had sat there long enough to compose myself and tune back into what ol’ Ben was doing, in the very house that my body sat at years in the future. It had also been Ben that had interested me in the past, started me on my historical studies. He was the only one who I had ever seen more than once – insofar as once my second sight had moved on to another person, it had come back to him. And not just once, but multiple times throughout my life.

I roused myself. Getting lost in my own past and becoming frustrated with the way my powers worked would do no good. I started pacing again, for I had leaned against a bus stop cover at some point, still looking around for Rob. He had to be out, doing something – anything other than being trapped in his hotel room.

When the second floor collapsed onto the first, evacuations – save for those few who were leaning out their windows – slowed. They had to get the fire under control they said. Police arrived at some point, creating a barrier which they roughly moved me behind. It had grown dark, the orange flames still illuminating down the street. I kept hearing people mutter about how lucky we had been that the hotel wasn’t flush against any other buildings. Oh yes, *so* lucky to be looking at this towering pillar of flame. Damn it Rob. I had drained my battery in my attempts to reach him.

Someone, an officer maybe, had asked if I was staying at the hotel. I numbly nodded yes but couldn’t focus on what he was asking me. Maybe telling me where I could stay? I was *staying* right here until Rob came out of that building.

I fell asleep against the same bus stop that I had leaned against earlier. My sleep restless even as first responders continued to move about around me. Someone tried to convince me to leave, to come back in the morning. But it was a warm summer night and I was safe enough waiting the night out.

\---

Rob didn’t make it.

When they carried him out, I identified the body. Enough that the paramedics who covered him knew to contact his family. Not that he had much of one left. I thought that his mom might still be alive, but he wasn’t married, nor did he have kids.

I was shell shocked, unsure what to do next. This time when someone approached me, I tried to form halfway coherent sentences. Did I have a phone, or wallet? Was I alone in the city? Were my plans to stay long?

I managed to get the dead phone out onto the table they had set me down at, in the same diner I had eaten at less than twelve hours before. The woman, I didn’t catch her name. Was nice. Concerned. She got me to drink a cup of coffee, then helped me make plans to get home.

Home. I didn’t even really have a home. Sure, I had an apartment in a city far from here, but I spent just as much time there as I did any of the many hotel rooms I slept in. I wasn’t even from the same city as Rob.

I… I would need to make arrangements to be at his funeral. Fuck. Just fuck.

It was hours later that I realized that I had also lost my computer, notes and just about everything that wasn’t on my person. Including the annotated book.

That was the least of my worries, but it stung a little. I kept backups with me, two one-terabyte hard drives that I copied each document and file to, but both of those had been in my room. I hadn’t even put them in my safe after I had finished using them. I had left everything on my bed, ready to pick back up when I returned from my meal.

I made a report with the police. If anything had survived the fire or the water that had then doused the building, I would get it back if the room was accessible before it was torn down. It would be torn down, there was no doubt about that. But Rob had not been the only casualty, and there promised to be months of investigation into how the fire started and why it had gotten so bad before help arrived.

Then I did the only thing I could. I got on the next flight home.I remember the first time I saw Ussesse, Lord of the Skies. I had been a small boy, following his father to check the bonds holding the dragon. Massive and white, his scales along his back were larger than me. His eyes stared down at me, looking at me like I was a mere morsle he wanted to consume.

However, he was Lord of the Skies no longer. He had become captive to our people long before I was born. 

Magic flowed in my family’s veins. Shamans of the village, we had been tasked with capturing Ussesse. My great grandfather had succeeded, passing down the bonds from father to son for years. 

As father started to train me, I was a poor study. I was lost in daydreams. I hoped with all my might that one day I could leave this place. Sometimes I looked at Ussesse and wondered what it would be like to ride upon his back. Whenever I looked, I was sure he was staring back at me, like he knew what I was thinking. 

The years passed and I never felt the tug of magic that my father described. We renewed the bonds, and they held, so I must have understood the magic well enough. Perhaps I needed to dedicate myself more fully to my magic. 

Father was healthy and younger than his father had been when he was my age. We agreed I would go study among the other villages, expand my knowledge. 

I packed my horse and bags, set to return in a year’s time, and left the village. I had been in Kingsgrove for less than a month when it happened. 

I had found a pretty young girl, and once again ignoring my studies took her out to a field for a fun tussle. As we laid there looking at the sky, our breath caught in our throats, we looked at the clouds.

We named shapes and laughed, she saw a large cat, I saw my favorite mashed vegetable. She saw a rabbit, and I saw… Ussesse. I laughed, surprised that I was missing home.

However, the shape of the dragon flew closer and closer, until it landed in the same field.

I sent the girl away, telling her to run for her life, as I stood facing the dragon I had known for all of mine.

“Ussesse, how did you escape? I shall bind you again!”

The lips curled around his large teeth in a horrific mock of a smile. While he had never spoken to me, he supposedly was capable of speech.

“I didn’t escape you daft child. I left.” His voice felt like rocks scraping against one another, and I could feel the ground shake under me.

“What do you mean you left?” I asked. My father must be dead. I thought of the spells I knew to trap the dragon, ready to say them.

“I mean I came for you. You’re father is ill.” His voice was rough but quiet.

“Did you harm him in your escape!?” I shouted. 

For him to admit that father was injured…

“He had a stroke. I wanted you to see him before he passed. I didn’t touch him.” The dragon growled at me, taking a step closer.

That was what I had been waiting for. I needed him in range of the spell by his own means. I started chanting and squatted drawing a sigil on the ground.

Ussesse roared so loud that I felt my ears pop. He swung out with his claws, catching me. 

I would not be taken out that easily! I traced another sigil on his scaled arm, as he jumped into the air.

“I said I left. The magic was a ruse this whole time. I enjoyed watching your people.” I could feel the rumble from his voice through the arm that carried me. 

Carried me, not ripped me apart… “Why lie dragon? Why not just tell us you wanted to stay with us?”

I was curious, as I had always thought he would be just as happy to eat me as to look at me. 

“You have something I do not, a community, a purpose. Its beautiful. That’s why I thought you would like to see your father one last time.”

I didn’t know what to think. It explained so much. About why I couldn’t feel the magic. Why he had watched us so closely. But at the same time, it was so hard to believe.

WIthin minutes, even though the next village was more than two days ride away, we were home. Screams echoed from the village below.

Ussesse landed, setting me gently on the ground. 

“Go Eylot. See your father.” I looked from the dragon, to my screaming people. 

I couldn’t risk him telling the truth. I sprinted to our home in the center of the village.

“Eylot! How did you know? How are you here?!” My mother screamed as I pulled the door open. 

She dragged me to my father's side. His eyes were closed and his breathing uneven.

Ussesse had been telling the truth. 

I sat with my father until his dying breath. The screaming had stopped after several hours, so the villagers must have realized Ussesse was not going to attack.

I kissed my father’s head and stood. I had a dragon to thank.

As I walked outside, I saw him perched upon the hill. He was watching for me. 

In the most elaborate bow a dragon could manage he dipped his wings to me. Then, he sprang in the air, leaving our little village behind.“GraaZa! No!” TwiiDo said, lunging for their prone mate. They had been shot by a stray beam in the confusion as the ship had been boarded by the Bruuk. It was too late of course, for the sheer velocity of the projectile had ruptured GraaZa’s internal organs. TwiiDo pulled them into a small compartment off the main corridor. Neither of them were Protectors. They should never have even been near the conflict.

Hours later, the door slid open to reveal a large grey Bruuk, and TwiiDo closed its eyes preparing for death. A death that never came.

TwiiDo’s people – the Norikai – had been on the run from the Bruuk for years. They didn’t believe in violence, and only when their population had dwindled to a mere hundred thousand they’d had to take up arms simply to keep themselves from being wiped into extinction. The ship that TwiiDo had been on had been a colony ship, hoping to escape to a new world away from the Bruuk to start over. What it became however was a prison ship. The Norikai that didn’t surrender were shot, and the ones that did were sold into slavery.

TwiiDo’s long fingers traced the rough metal collar around their neck, wondering for the millionth time if it would have been better to just have died with GraaZa that day. Their back itched where healing skin and fresh slices oozed. They had been slow at their last task and punished for it. They had been reassigned to laundry duty in one of the new “Allies” ships.

TwiiDo had yet to see one of these humans but even their Bruuk master seemed to fear them. TwiiDo had overheard Trusk speaking to another Bruuk that they didn’t know – talking about how the humans were to be feared. That they were nearly unkillable.

To please their new allies, Trusk had offered TwiiDo’s service to them. The humans must have agreed, for here was TwiiDo doing laundry for them. He had been told by another slave that they were to take the clean linens to the hospital quarter of the ship. TwiiDo was curious what a hospital was, but signage written in common pointed them down the long corridors.

The humans had paired with the Bruuk and a few other warmongering species less than a year ago. They were new to intergalactic travel and even newer to the warfare.

As TwiiDo entered the large white room, it saw what had to be a human. Tall, pink and with a strange yellow long fur coming from its head. Trusk did not allow TwiiDo to speak, so when they entered the room they started to put the sheets on the closest bed to the door. They wondered briefly if the humans needed two sleep cycles as this room was filled with more beds and strange monitors and devices.

The human, who had been looking at a clipboard, however saw TwiiDo shook it’s head and spoke a garbled command. TwiiDo shook slightly, knowing they would be punished for not following the command, but having no idea what the human had told it to do.

The human however seemed to realize this and twisting it’s features in a grotesque manner spoke again slowly. “Cloth… no… go… there. Go…. Here.” And it pointed its long pink finger at a cabinet behind it.

TwiiDo was shocked that the human had started to learn common, but did as they were told. They heard an exclamation from the human as they faced away from it.

“How… injure… back?” it asked, bending down to look at TwiiDo’s back.

TwiiDo didn’t know whether to remain silent, or to answer the human, and decided that since it was a direct question to answer. “Punishment.”

“Sit… I….” The human stopped, thinking for a long moment on the word they wanted to use. They were obviously still learning the basics of common. After a few more seconds they shook their head and just said “Doctor.”

TwiiDo didn’t know what ‘Doctor’ meant, but the human had commanded it to sit, so they sat. A moment later an icy burning sensation filled their back and they couldn’t help but cry out.

“Shhhh…” the human cooed, now putting a warm gel on TwiiDo’s back. When they were done they made the strange face again and dismissed TwiiDo.

Screams filled the air once again, and TwiiDo found them self cowering in the corridor. There was smoke in the air, and many humans and Bruuk running around.

A metal thud thud thud was getting increasingly louder, and TwiiDo found itself running to the hospital. While they hadn’t been back since the laundry incident, their back was better – quicker than normal thanks to the human.

Running inside without looking, TwiiDo heard cries and groans. Many of the beds were filled, and there was blood. So much of it. On the humans in the beds, on the floor, and on the ‘Doctor’ who was working on someone who was screaming.  TwiiDo shook in fear – they were hurt but they weren’t dead. The one the ‘Doctor’ was working on was missing a large section of it’s shoulder.

Another was sitting on the bed closest to TwiiDo, it’s head bleeding. It saw TwiiDo and shouted in common, “Get me a cloth, I need to stop this bleeding so I can go back out there.”

TwiiDo blinked its double eyelids in surprise. An injury like that was life-threatening to other races, and this human seemed as if they were only mildly inconvenienced. When the human repeated itself, TwiiDo ran to the cabinet that they had put the linens in and grabbed one.

The human ripped it to shreds, tying one long strand around its head a few times, and then it was out the door.

It was over only a few hours later. More humans had come into the hospital – a place TwiiDo now knew the purpose of – and were celebrating? TwiiDo wasn’t sure,  but he thought they were happy. They were speaking their own strange language, so TwiiDo didn’t know what they were saying, but something about the tone sounded happy.

The ‘Doctor’ was directing TwiiDo in their broken common to help them. Hold things, clean up spilled blood and other fluids, and to grab things from across the room.

TwiiDo obeyed, wondering what Trusk would say. He had been the one to offer TwiiDo’s services before. And the humans were giving TwiiDo orders.

The human with the injured head returned. He was speaking in common to a few Bruuk that accompanied him.

“If all your fights are like this, we can win the war in a matter of weeks, not years like you thought. Those plasma beams hurt, but not quite like an ol’ bullet.”

TwiiDo noticed that the human now had a long cut on their arm which was bleeding freely, but was ignoring it. Humans really were unkillable. TwiiDo wasn’t sure if they should shake in fear that such creatures existed, or be glad that they were on their side.# 

  

“Well, where are we going first?” Lucifer asked, his voice demure. 

Persephone guessed it was because he knew just how much trouble he could be in when the other gods found out that he had been stealing from the well of souls. 

“To rally my brothers.” Hades answered. 

Persephone was more than a little surprised. His brothers insisted that he stay in his own realm, and they theirs. It had been a long time since he had left the Underworld, and she was not betting on a warm reception from either of her brother in laws. ‘

“I suggest we see Poseidon first then, dear. He has always had a bit of a soft spot for me.” She gave Hades a brief smile and turned to face the archangels. “How do you all get between realms normally?”

Michael flexed his impossibly large wings, smirking at her, “We fly.”

Rolling her eyes, she grabbed his hand, “Well ducky, that’s just not going to be fast enough for us. Make sure you are all connected to Hades or I.”

There was a slow linking of hands, with Lucifer being left out. Hades cleared his throat at the angels who, like little children, rearranged and made room for their cast out brother.

Persephone felt Hades shift them from heaven to the depths of the ocean. Poseidon was god of the oceans, and notably righteous. Taking a deep breath, she looked around. Hades had brought them to the main hall. A few of merpeople floated around, shooting odd looks at the group. Stepping forward, Persephone gave them her warmest smile.

“Hello, it’s been a long time. I am Persephone, daughter of Demeter, and sister in law of Poseidon. Hades and I need to speak to him.” When no one moved, she smiled a little tighter, “Urgently.”

Glancing back at the angels who seemed to not be drowning and her husband who was standing with his arms crossed, Persephone found her smile slipping. 

“Yes Divines, please follow me.” A young mergirl bowed to them.

Feeling a little relieved, Persephone lead the odd group forward. The mergirl, with a cloud of sea green hair and matching scales, lead them to a smaller throne room. If it were not such dire circumstances, Persephone would have giggled. Of course, Poseidon would have a throne room.

At their entrance, Poseidon, who had been lounging comfortably, stood. His trident, which had been stabbed into a large stone, rocketed to his hand. His eyes seemed to be made of ocean, and his hair was a fair gold. He, unlike Hades and Persephone, still favored the traditional robes. His bare feet slammed one at a time down the few stairs that elevated his throne. She could see that he was about to erupt.

Stepping forward, she reaffixed her winning smile. “Oh brother! It’s been so long! I’m quite happy to see you!”

She stepped forward, wrapping her small arms around her imposing brother in law’s massive waist.

“Persephone. What are you doing here? What is *he* doing here?” Poseidon’s voice rumbled across the room, like waves crashing upon the shore. 

“I-” Hades started to say for himself before Persephone cut him off.

“We are here because a god is dead. Jehovah, the Christian god. He has been murdered.” She said in a rush.

“Gods cannot die.” Poseidon’s trident was glowing a bright gold as he looked at his brother.

“He is dead though,” Uriel spoke up, stepping forward. “And all the lower angels, the ones who have monitored the mortals for centuries, are going to die.”

Ignoring the archangel, Poseidon leveled his trident at Hades. “You know you are not to leave the underworld. Return there, or I will be forced to send you back myself.”

“Poseidon, he really is dead. We have been to the realm of Heaven. Only the angels and the souls of the dead of that religion reside there.” Persephone was a little worried. 

If they couldn’t get Poseidon to believe them, they would have no chance at Zeus. She placed herself in front of Hades, her tiny form seemingly surrounded by giants. 

“Persephone, you know you are more than welcome to stay here, but Hades must leave.” He didn’t even look at her as he spoke.

“Brother. That is quite enough. We both know that the number of souls entering the underworld has diminished to almost none. I am not needed there to guide them into the river Styx.” He crossed his arms, looking at the other god.

“That does not matter. You are to stay in your realm.” Poseidon was doggedly repeating that fact.

“Oh yes, stay in my realm until whatever killed Jehovah, who was the most powerful god to date, comes for me? I think not. We were here for your help. If you are not going to give it, we will leave.” Hades was already turning to exit the throne room.

“He truly is gone?” It seemed to have just penetrated the god’s thick skull that something had indeed killed a god.

“Yes - and his angels will die without him,” Hades repeated.

Persephone stepped aside, still wary of Poseidon’s glowing trident. The archangels, with the exception of Lucifer had worried looks on their faces. Lucifer no doubt was counting on fewer gods being present for what would amount to his trial for the breach of the well.

“Why do the angels matter?” Poseidon asked, it still not quite clicking in his mind.

“They watch the mortals, brother,” Hades yet again repeated. 

“But we cannot change or interfere with another god’s constructs.” 

Persephone felt like she was listening to a recording. Her husband and his brother were more similar than they liked to admit.

“We believe,” she took a deep breath before plunging on, “that if the angels were given souls, they would not die.”

Poseidon just looked at her, mouth agape.

“It’s a long shot, we know, but it’s worth it isn’t it?” Michael spoke up this time.

“And you need all the gods’ permission to do such a thing.” Poseidon seemed to finally be up to speed.

“Yes, we do.” Persephone wasn’t sure what her brother in law was thinking, but she had a bad feeling that it wasn’t good thoughts.

“You will be laughed out of Olympus you know?” He was shaking his head, grinning.

“That’s why we came here first. You are much more - ah, reasonable than Zeus.” She was going to butter him up to get him to agree.

“What gave you such an idea?” he asked, looking between his brother, sister in law, and the archangels.

“Lucifer?” Michael shoved his black winged brother forward.

“My demons,” he mumbled, not looking the Sea God in the eye.

“What do you mean?” Poseidon’s eyes narrowed.

“They have souls, but their bodies do not exist outside of Hell.” He was nearly shaking, knowing what was coming from the large god.

“How dare you,” Poseidon, so far loud and boisterous, whispered.

Persephone stepped forward, placing a hand on Poseidon’s elbow. “This is a matter for all gods to deal with, not just you or Hades.”

The water around Poseidon started to boil and the trident glowed brighter, but he lowered it, stepping back.

“I will go with you to Olympus. I agree that the angels have become *the* monitoring system for the mortals. It would be a pain to replace them. However, I do not feel that you archangels are the proper guidance for the angels. The gods will have to decide who will take over in place of your Jehovah.” Poseidon was looking between them all, frowning.

“Thank you, Poseidon,” Persephone told him, hugging him again.

“You say that we don’t have much time? How much is not much?” he asked.

“We think on the scale of a few weeks at most.” Raphael spoke up. 

Nodding, Poseidon strapped his trident to his back. “Let’s not dawdle any longer then.” 

He grabbed two angels and was gone before Persephone could blink. 

“As fickle as the tide.” She mumbled, grabbing Michael and Lucifer.

“Oh, you say that love, but the tide is predictable, so is my brother.” Hades laughed, grabbing Uriel.

Onward to Olympus, she thought, teleporting them to her birthplace. 

 

**Author's note: Thank you for reading Peril of the Gods! Sorry for a short chapter, still working on this headache. Ugh. If you're new, think about checking out my Welcome page, along with my other ongoing serials. I have** **,** **, and** **.  I along with several other authors have a discord, and I would love for  you to join!**“Meada are those patties ready yet?” Louis yelled across the busy kitchen. 

I glanced down at the soggy greasy patties before me, giving them another hard press with the spatula. 

“They need another few seconds to be tossed in the trash,” Arnold said peering over my shoulder.

I would have told him to hush, but I learned a while ago that doing so just got me weird looks from my coworkers. They couldn’t see him of course - he was only haunting me. Instead, I rolled my eyes and flipped the burgers once more before moving them onto their buns and Sue took them to put toppings on them.

“I don’t know why you’re still here,” he said, waving at the dimly lit kitchen and eatery beyond.

“The same could be said of you…” I mumbled as I grabbed another pack of frozen beef.

“To teach you of course!” Arnold started pacing the kitchen waving his hand. He walked through poor Louis who shook for a moment looking around for the ‘gust of cold wind’. 

“If you had wanted to teach me, maybe you shouldn’t have gone and got yourself blown up…” I said, as the sizzle of the cold patties hit the hot stove. 

“Well, accidents happen,” he said. 

Oh, if only I could turn and yell at him. “Accidents happen” was his favorite retort, but it wasn’t an *accident* that he got into a fight with that other mage, Kurvan. He had picked the fight - and lost.

He kept making jabs about my employer while I just tried to focus on finishing my eight hour shift. Sometimes I thought that he liked to be dead, only haunting me so that no one else could hear him. I could see the flicker of joy in his eye when he would say something just annoying enough that I would start to respond but would cut myself off. I couldn’t afford to have Louis or anyone else thinking i was crazy.

On the walk home, just like every night, I pulled out my phone and started talking. No one needed to know that I wasn’t actually using the phone to have a conversation. 

“I don’t understand why you gave up magic.” Arnold mourned for the millionth time.

“*I* don’t understand why you died. You left me nothing. No money, no shelter, no one to reach out too. I have bills to pay Arnold. I have to feed myself and live somewhere. Learning to be a wizard just isn’t financially possible in this day and age when your mentor is *dead*.”

“But I could teach you! I don’t need to be alive to show you how to cast spells and stir potions.”

I glared at him, he was walking backwards and each person he walked through looked as if they’d had a bucket of cold water dumped on them. “I’m too tired. I am barely staying in school as is. Learning from you was a full time job, even when you were alive.”

“Well fine. I didn’t want to teach you anyways,” he huffed, and disappeared from my sight. Of course he couldn’t use magic now that he was dead, and if anyone including Kurvan knew he was a ghost he would be exorcised off of this plane faster than he could insult them. 

As I pulled open the door to my small apartment, I pulled off my clothes that reeked of old oil and jumped in the shower. It was cold initially, but I drew the rune to heat the water on the glass pane of the door and it heated quickly - saved myself on my gas bill by never using hot water. 

I had enjoyed learning magic. But Arnold had never been a very diligent teacher, and like i had told him, I just didn't have the time to learn anymore. 

I dressed, and looked disparagingly down at the old spell books tucked into the closet. Not that they meant much to me. Some of the only things that Arnold had left for me - that the people he “owed” hadn’t taken from me.

As i went to veg out on the couch to some Netflix, I found him sitting there, twiddling his thumbs - looking much too pleased with himself just like his old cat Rueford used to look.

“What have you been up to now?” I asked, sitting where he was even though it was an icy shock. I wasn’t going to let him stop me from continuing my latest series.

“What if I found you another teacher?” he asked, his voice coming from much too close to my ear. 

“Oh yes, another teacher who’s dead? Because last time I checked, I was the only one who could see you.”

“Well, yes…” he said, standing to meander around the room.

“Just like you, they can’t provide for me. I have to live Arn. I need this job, this apartment - and I can’t drop out of school either. I don’t want to be flipping burgers forever…

“Well, I just thought that if I showed you where someone I know lived, that you could go introduce yourself…” 

“Last time I almost got blown up myself Arn. No one wants an orphan apprentice - especially yours.” I clicked on the TV and Arnold disappeared again. When I heard the sirens of the firetrucks and Arnold’s happy squeal did I finally look up. 

“Oops, looks like no more work for you…” he said as I moved to the window, “Your McDonalds is on fire.”Gragbon growled deep in his throat as the child entered his lair. His eyes glowed in the dark space and his wings rustles. 

The child’s head swung around, looking for the source of the noise. Seeing Gragbon, he rushed forward, his short legs wobbly on the rough surface. Rearing back Gragbon let out a roar - eliciting giggles. 

Others chittered quietly behind Gragbon, but let him lead. He was their largest, greatest warrior - he would protect them. 

But the child grasped him with grubby fingers, gurgling excitedly. Had it been older, or had any idea of what it was doing, Gragbon would have bitten and clawed his way out of the hold. As it was, he was petted roughly the fingers catching on his tiny horns.

Happy with his success, the child turned around carrying his prize. Gragbon was the leader of their Thunder, and as he was carried away, the others followed timidly.

Dragons were fierce creatures, but small. Intelligent but inhibited. As the child exited the cave Gragbon’s brilliant purple hide was exposed to the sunlight.

“Ryder, what are you carrying,” a woman screamed, running over to the child. 

Unlike the boy, the woman was old enough to know what he was. To know not to touch him. Yet she yanked him out of the child's arms. 

Immediately Gragbon sunk his claws deep into her flesh, rending it and tearing.

She screamed, trying to drop him, but he held on tight. Waving her arms she backed away, trying to shove him off.

The bright scales of his mates drew as much attention as the woman's screams. 

As others rushed to help the woman, loud exclamations of the size of the thunder was announced. Gragbon was still focused on his task - making the woman regret touching him - but he was inordinately pleased with the complements. 

His was the largest thunder in the land. 

Convinced he had impressed upon the humans why one doesn’t grab a dragon, he released as she flailed her arm upward. He beat his wings and hovered above the milling humans. One mighty roar, and his thunder alighted from the ground. Scales of every color winged into the sky, and he growled. 

They would have to find another home. Humans never respected them due to their size, but he would change that. One stupid human at a time.“Hey Jake!” Ron yelled from far below on the cliff-face.

“Hey! See anything yet?” Jake asked as he slowly rappelled down the cliff.

“I see some animals. Kinda look like a mix between a dog and a badger.” Ron said as Jake heard him unclip his safety harness and start walking. 

Signaling to the two Oobleks and the Tilk that made up the other three members of their exploration crew, Jake started to follow. Humans in the last century had become the brawn to many races brain. They were nimble on their feet, and unafraid of exploring even the most volatile of worlds. Once Jake and Ron had cleared the area, the others would follow and start taking soil and water samples. 

“I’m gonna go give these fellas a scare. See if I can run them off,” Ron said as Jake was still only about a third of the way down the cliff.

“Come on man! You know we are supposed to stay together! Buddy System and all that jazz,” Jake said, trying to lower himself down quicker. 

“I’m right here, you’re right there. Buddy system,” Ron was saying even as he walked further away.

Cursing lightly, Jake released the gage on the safety harness, trying to drop himself quickly to the ground below. However, instead of sending him falling towards the ground, the cable gave a nasty twist, locking itself into the gear. He wasn’t going anywhere, anytime soon.

“Ron! I’m stuck up here! Come give me a hand!” He was twisting around trying to find where his *buddy* had gone. But the man was out of sight. 

“OOkle, I’m going to have to climb down manually, unhooking my safety belt,” Jake called up to one of the Oobleks, the one who was in charge of safety. It gave a worried whistle, but nodded its head. 

Pulling himself to the rock-face, Jake situated himself firmly between two large outcroppings. Getting off the harness was no easy feat, as it was meant to be worn the whole expedition. He shimmied it down over his narrow waist and let it swing loosely from the now useless relay cable. 

Scrubbing his hands onto his pants, he looked around. He was lucky, this cliff was full of hand and footholds which would make it easy to climb and descend quickly. 

One foot after another, hand over hand, Jake worked his way down the cliff-face. Ron had yet to reemerge from wherever he had walked off to, and Jake was practicing the berating he was going to give the man as he huffed and puffed. Climbing was much more of a workout than repelling down. 

About ten feet from the ground, Jake heard a scream. He tried to look up, but sweat dripped into his eyes. He didn’t think it was one of the aliens. They just didn’t make noises like that.

Taking a deep breath, he jumped down, landing in a crouch on the ground below.

Ron. It had to be Ron.

What was the fool doing. He was supposed to be scaring off those animals he had seen. No, actually, Jake thought grumpily, he was *supposed* to be waiting for Jake, right here. 

Pulling his shirt over his face, he wiped the sweat and grime that had started to accumulate there. 

Now he could see. Looking around, he saw the strange animals that Ron had described, and they really did look like a cross between a dog and a sloth. 

But Ron was nowhere to be seen. Turning in a slow circle, Jake grimaced. Something was wrong. He yelled Ron’s name, but got no response. He pulled out his gun, holding it before him as he continued his search.

Might as well start over by the animals, since that was where Ron had last been headed. 

Once he was about twenty feet away, all of the dog-sloths looked up alarmed and moved away. However, they revealed another sharp cliff and Jake peered over the edge. 

Fuck. Ron was down there. Not moving. Probably ran at the beasts, and they moved, but not in time for him to see the cliff without falling. 

This cliff however, had a sharp hill flowing down one side, and Jake was able to walk down it. As he reached the bottom, he clearly saw the pool of blood beneath Ron. He pushed the pager button on his wrist that would signal that they needed the ship here ASAP, he walked over to his friend. 

It didn’t look good.

Turing Ron over in a calculated roll, arms tucked in to stabilize his spine, Jake let out another string of cusses. Whatever he had been expecting - fall damage, maybe a bone or two piercing the skin - this was not it. 

It looked as if Ron had been gored. Three sharp lines ripped open the man’s abdomen and chest. 

Laying the body down, for there was no saving him, Jake stood, picking his gun back up. 

The ship arriving above him must have startled the beast out of hiding. Stepping out into the sunlight, Jake’s first thought was that it was a giant bug, but it had a porcine type face, with multiple sets of horns protruding from it head.

He didn’t know if the head or the body was better to aim for, so he let out three rounds in quick succession towards the skull, and another three toward the strange body. The thing dropped, black goo slowly oozing out of it.

The Ooblecks and the Tilk were twittering madly, and Jake picked up that they were upset that he had killed the beast. Their mission after all, was to collect data, not interfere with the life-forms that they encountered. 

All Jake could do was mutter another *fuck* and motion towards Ron’s body. The fool, all he had to do was *wait.*

“But why did you kill it HumanJake?” Idir, the Tilk asked in his strangely hollow voice.

“It killed a human, it had to die. We have a saying on ol’ Earth, that once an animal tastes blood it’ll go feral, and it has to be put down. No exceptions.”

Shrugging, he walked back aboard the small ship, throwing himself down on the cot. They could deal with Ron, but he wanted no part of it.“Next!” My agent calls waving the line forward.

Another book ready for me to sign, is laid before me. Ah, a copy of my Cultures and Customs of Edo era Japan. I sign it with a flourish even though my hand is getting tired. Smiling up at the woman I lock eyes with her.

She was obviously Japanese by descent, but … I paused glancing down at the book still in my hand. It was impossible, the woman I had watched live her life in Edo Japan had been dead for centuries. Looking up at the woman again, they could have been twins.

She took the book, but as she turned she winked. I followed her across the room - where she met up with a group of familiar looking faces.

“Rob, I need a water break - I’ll… I’ll be right back,” I said, standing quickly from my chair.

I might have several doctorates in History and Language - but I also had a *talent* so to say. While I always found documents to back up my research - I was able to watch it live. I was a Post-Cog. I could walk around, looking but not touching or interacting with any objects or people. I spent more of my waking hours watching the lives of people in the past than I ever did living in the moment.

The concept of our ancestors living day to day facinated me. Without the technology we have, without the communications. Their sheer willpower kept them alive.

And the fact that some of the people I watched were gone from human memory. No living soul remembered some farmer from the 1860s America, or that concubine from Zhou Era China. But I did. I watched their lives, got to know them as people.

Every person I have every watched was factored into my research. And the woman who had just had the book signed was a dead-ringer for the housewife of Edo Japan.

I could have waved it away as genetics and a possible descendant if it hadn’t been for that wink - and the fact that the group she was with were *all* people I had watched.

Even as I stood and tried to get out from behind the little table I had been sitting at for hours I knew it would be too late. Several people tried to stop me and ask questions or clarify details of my books, but I waved them off - trying desperately to get to the group.

When I reached the corner by the door where they had been standing, I looked around, hoping to see out the large glass windows which direction they may have gone.

I sighed, leaning back against the wall. Digging at the floor with the toe of my shoe I looked around one last time.

A copy of the book was laying on the floor. I picked it up - surprised to see it was the one I had signed for the woman. A book mark was stuck into the pages, and I flipped to it. Small details had been circles in red pen. Actions that my editor had said I was embellishing upon but I knew had happened for a fact.

On the bookmark was a note - *We know you’ve been watching us. You’re putting our missions at risk. Stop.*

What the… Missions? Watching them? The people I watched were long dead.

Though I’d never had control of who I watched or when. It seemed to follow one person for months at a time, and then abruptly shift. In that time I would have to figure out who I was watching, where I was, and some record of their lives before I moved to another person.

Shuddering, I flipped through the book. The whole thing had been annotated. I started to sink down and start at the beginning when Rob came over.

“Man Conner - What are you doing? I thought you said you were gonna get a drink! We have more books to sign. You’re blocked for another two hours.” He was pulling me back to my feet before I could protest.

Gripping the book firmly, I headed back to my table. I had research to do.

&#x200B;When the gods had first answered, many believed it to be a hoax. Others thought that perhaps it was aliens, who simply were stepping into a title that we had provided. Others threw away their religions like a used rag, and even more devoted themselves to these “new” gods.

They had been watching, they had said. Not us, not even Sol, or the Milky way, but many other galaxies far away from here. They had been visiting each one, ever since they had started all of creation with the Inspiration as they called it – or in modern terms – the big bang.

They were… amused with us. Our feeble attempts to leave the planet. To research the far away stars. They answered any question we asked, and proved time and again that they were the beings they said they were.

One question, asked by millions, was why? Why create us? Why leave us for so long?

They hadn’t laughed exactly, but their responses had been jovial.

They hadn’t created us. They had created the atoms and elementary particles. We were no more than a side effect.

An amusing one, but not intended. No life was.

Atoms dance and move in a never ceasing motion. They combine, they form, and they break from one another in endless patterns. These patterns were predictable yes, but the elegance with which they moved fascinated and amused the gods. In billions of years they had yet to bore of them.

They told us about other life-forms created by the never ending dance of their favorite creations. How on some planets like ours, there were carbon based life-forms. But on others, Silicon had replaced carbon. They told us about watching the birth of a star, the first collisions of hydrogen forming into helium. They told us all about sitting inside dying stars, watching as the last of the atoms smashed into one another, causing the cores to change to iron.

All the wonderous little patterns that the atoms made. They were so proud of each and every one of them. The little groups that formed amino acids, which then paired and formed the helixes of DNA they found fascinating.

We asked “when do the atoms move from objects to life forms?” and they had answered in puzzlement, “they are all alive. That’s what is so fascinating about them.”

In the time after the gods arrived, scientific study increased exponentially. Physics and Chemistry and Biology learned that they were all part of a grander scheme. Mathematics too, became a core point of study, for it was a language in which to interpret the movements of the atoms.

And the gods were happy to watch. For their little atoms were having fun.Generation after generation, my family has had only a single daughter. Some called it a curse, others just bad luck. Not that mattered. What mattered was that we were the ruling family in a country where women don't have the right to rule. 

No. Instead we're given away to the first man who completed three challenges. Impressive yes, but that doesn't automatically qualify someone as ready to rule. 

The challenges - Slay a dragon. Alright. Physical strength and the ability to think on your feet. I suppose those are good traits for a king to have. 

Task two - Retrieve a blessing from the three temples. Not sure how that one works, as I’ve never been allowed to leave the castle. So what you just walk up and say “Hey I’m here to be blessed”? Only good thing I can see about it is that they have to travel across the country to receive all three blessings. 

Task three - Wield the magical relic. Wooo. Good on you, you’ve touched the magic stone. You know, the one that is handled by other people everyday - protecting the realm, controlling the weather, heating my bath. Not sure I’ve ever seen someone fail to wield it. 

I just don’t get it. These three things qualify you to be king? I mean, Pa has done a fine enough job ruling. But I know that Ma had more than a slight hand in that. She’s never been to sit there while the men do business. 

But the cycle will be broken this time. Wil is oldest. Wil is a male. Wil will be king! He’s a fantastic older brother and Ma and Pa both have done their damnedest to make sure that he knows everything that there is to know about ruling. 

Supposedly when he was born the kingdom celebrated for nearly a month! 

No such celebration took place when Yona and I were born. No, whispers of curses and evil were spread. Hell they are still spreading. 

I mean, we do look a little… weird. Our eyes are strange - each one green and one blue. But opposite. Ma always joked it was the only way to keep us straight. White hair and skin that turns a nice lobster red if we are outside longer than a minute. 

Yona, she keeps to herself. I mean, we’re twins, but hell, I get bored sitting in a library all day. She could live there. Does live there now that Ma approved her having a bed placed in the study. 

No, I am more… hands on. Throw a craft my way and I’m your girl. Sewing, cooking, floral arrangements. I love them. But then I also like sword fighting, and jousting, and hunting. Those aren’t considered ladylike. Not that I care, or Wil cares. He takes me riding, and taught me to fight. Did I say it before? He’s going to make a great king.

Now, back to that whole 3 trials thing. Apparently a young man has completed the trials. Pa called Yona and I to the main hall, along with Wil and Ma. Something about this man claiming to be the rightful next king.

As I enter the room, I’m taken aback. It’s not just Ma and Pa and my siblings. No, council members and other royal adjacent people line the hall. 

Shit. I’m late. Again. Yona and Wil are giving me a funny look, as I scurry in to take my place between them. Ma looks exasperated, but Pa winks at me.

“Ser Vardis. You’re here to petition to marry one of my daughters, and become heir to the throne?” Pa asks idly. He thinks it’s a joke.

A man I didn’t notice before steps forward. Oh, he’s a dashing one. Just what you would think of a prince. Dark hair, white teeth, and deep blue eyes. I bet he’s a lady’s man. I couldn’t help but roll my eyes.

“Yes, my King.” He bowed and it was perfectly done. Of course.

“You know that my eldest child is male and thus will be inheriting the throne upon my death.” 

“About that my lord - the way the law is written, it just says that the first man to complete the tasks and present himself to the current king will become heir and marry the princess.”

“So what, you want to marry one of my daughters? And become king?”

I snickered, and looked at Wil. He seemed less amused. Turning his head towards me, he shook it slightly. At the same time Yona elbowed me in the side.

“Yes.” Bold of him, answering like that. “Princess Chana.” 

I let out a single burst of laughter. Me. He wanted to marry me? He doesn’t even know which one I am. Well, maybe he does after that laugh.

One of the wizened council members shuffles over and whispers something in Pa’s ear. He frowns, looking at me.

“I have been informed, that at present, our laws do not take into account a male heir. You are in fact the first to complete the challenges, and you have asked for Chana’s hand in marriage. As such I am forced to accept. For the time being.”

What. What was Pa saying. I wasn’t going to marry this fool. I wasn’t going to ever get married. That was for Yona and her daydreams and Wil as his duty to continue the family.

Var...whatever, walked over to Yona and I, bowing. “Princesses.” 

Nope. He can’t tell us apart. And look at that - Yona’s giving him doe eyes.

“Chana,” I said grabbing her arm, “Say hello to your new betrothed.”**Author’s Note: Hey everyone! I know I said it in a few places, but I want Dragon’s Choice to eventually meet up with Heartscale my main serial, and for that to happen I need Dragon’s Choice to be in third person point of view. I have rewritten parts 1 and 2 into third and I would love your feedback. I hope you enjoy it. Please leave a comment about how you feel about the third person compared to the first person.**

Dragons have been extinct in the wild for generations. In the kingdom of Situra, in the royal house of Therius resides the last mated pair. Soros and Eras. It is unclear when they first came to Situra, but tales say that they bonded to a general and led his forces to victory. After the war, he was crowned the first king. Ever since then, once a generation, they have laid a single egg . An egg that determines the future of Situra.

The future king or queen is determined by the dragonling’s choice. When King Soren Therius was chosen by the Dragon Ilex, the kingdom celebrated for weeks. It has been twenty one years since that day, and Soros and Eras have laid another egg. This time the hatchling will choose between Princess Astra and Prince Aldis.

The hatching of the dragon is an event open to the public, so that all may witness the selection of their next ruler. All across the capital city of Roria, golden and navy banners hung from every window. Flowers laid in baskets waiting to be thrown into the air. The market bustled with all the vendors there to sell their wares as the kingdom celebrates.

Nerie and her friend Raana were ready to head to the celebration. Young girls from the middle district, they were well dressed for the ceremony. Raana wore a burgundy dress, while Neire wore a navy vest over a white shirt and a long amber skirt. As they wove their way to the castle the discovered line after line almost backed up to the lower district. Raana pulled Nerie through streets she had not known existed. She had told Nerie she had a friend in the castle that said that they could get the girls in to see the hatching. Raana led Nerie to a small back door.

Raana knocked sharply twice before a handsome young man with dark hair and dark eyes pulled it open. She leapt into his arms, kissing him. Nerie was shocked, as she had no idea that her friend had such a *friend*.

“Raana! Oh, what would your mother say!”

The man, who introduced himself as Zaid, led them inside. Raana and Nerie were expected to prepare the meal in exchange for entrance through the kitchens. Nerie was tasked with folding bread while Raana started turning the boar over the fire. Nerie was more than a little annoyed, as she was getting flour on her new outfit. The way the staff acted seemed like there was a while yet to wait.

After Nerie finished the dough, she was dusted off and given a tray to carry to the ceremony hall. Luckily the outfit her mother had bought was nice enough to pass for a servant. She walked slowly but with determination as she tried not to slosh the liquid around. As Nerie stepped out of the kitchen Raana shouted to her she would catch up in just a few minutes.

As she approached the hall, one of the king’s personal servants came to her aid, taking the refreshments directly to the waiting royal family. They were sitting on a dias behind where Soros and Eras were curled around their eggs. Ilex, King Soren’s dragon rested on the roof above the dais, his head drooping down, watching his soon to be hatched sibling with keen interest. Nerie was glad the tray was taken, for if it hadn’t been she would have dropped it in surprise. She had never actually seen a dragon before.

The three dragons looked like jewels in firelight. Soros was a dark purple, Ilex an acidic green and Eras a fire orange. The egg below was a pale yellow. Nerie stared at in interest. She could already imagine the little dragonling clearly. A female, she would be a creamy yellow like fresh turned butter, but as she aged, her scales would darken into the purest of gold. The prince or princess would be more than lucky she thought wistfully. Soros looked over at Nerie, her purple eyes calm and deep. She blinked, and Nerie blinked in response.

Another servant rushing to do some unknown errand collided with her and she was jolted back into reality. She had to go join the crowds. So many people had already crammed themselves into the stands overlooking the waiting dragons that Nerie at first hesitated. Then she thought about how she had to see the little dragon hatch, and shoved herself into the crowd. There was a railing surrounding the warm sands that the egg was nestled into, and Nerie shimmied her way around it so that she was directly opposite the royal family.

Soros watched her for a moment, but turned her attention to her bored son who had started huffing smoke above the crowded arenal. A slight growl from Soros, and he was curled into a tight green ball. Nerie couldn’t help but smile at the sight. Twenty one years old, and Ilex was still basically a fledgling.

The royal family, waiting on the dias patiently, was known for keeping to themselves. They only left the castle for matters of diplomacy. Nerie had only seen the King a few times from afar on crowded streets, and his Queen once when she was small. Looking at them now, she saw that the King and Queen were regal and poised. Nerie had never seen the prince or princess before. She looked at them while the crowd continued to shuffle in. The egg had begun to wobble. Astra looked to be nearly twenty, conceived directly after her father ascended to the throne. Her eyes were locked on the slowly rocking egg. Aldis was younger, barely into his teen years. There had been rumors when Nerie was young that Queen Alaena could bare no more children for the King. The kingdom had celebrated when Aldis was born. She remember being about four years old and a kind woman had given her a bouquet of yellow roses.

The stands had become even more crowded, Nerie shoved into the railing as people pushed in behind her. A sharp crack could be heard from the sand and screams of joy echoed from the crowd. Astra and Aldis both stepped out to greet the soon to be born hatchling. As she emerged from her shell Nerie couldn’t help but thing ‘*Oh I was right!*’ As pale as the roses from so long ago, with glistening wings of gossamer, the young dragon stepped forth. She looked to be made of tissue, but her eyes shone of a strength of steel. She raised her little head and looked Astra right in the eye. They stared at each other for a long moment before the little dragoness turned her head to look at Aldis. He didn’t even get to look her in the eyes before she had passed him over.

She paced restlessly around the enclosure, and Nerie’s wanted with all her soul to reach out and touch her. The small dragon looked at Soros and Eras before stalking away. Directly at Nerie. She couldn’t look away from those golden eyes.The little hatchling nudged her hand that resting on the railing. There were screams and yells from the crowd, and someone shook her.

The king stood, pointing at Nerie, yelling for guards. Before she even knew what was happening she was surrounded by guards, the crowd forcefully being shoved away. The guards were demanding Nerie follow them, but she was lost in the roar of the crowd. Then *Kiriga* hissed and screamed in defiance that Nerie was being touched. All Nerie could think was that she was so tiny, and that she couldn’t look away from the dragonette. The hilt of a sword collided with the back of her head. The last thing she saw before darkness was Eras, his giant fire orange body surrounding her, roaring.

Part 2

Nerie woke to her head throbbing and stars flashing before her eyes. She could hear loud sounds but was unable to determine what they were or where they were coming from. As she blinked the lights away, the world slowly swam into focus. The colors she had been seeing solidified into the four dragons. She was comforted slightly that the last thing she had seen and then the first that she had awoken to was the dragons. The little gold one was sitting in a manner that reminded her of her favorite dog, except the little wings hung limply. She also was staring at Nerie with more intelligence than she saw in most people.

The noises had resolved into words as well. A deep voice was having a seemingly one sided conversation. Another higher pitched voice was screaming obscenities, and a third appeared right next to Nerie’s ear.

“Are you alright? Your head was bleeding when they brought you in.”

She jumped away at the sound - or she tried to, but her head and neck were the only things that moved. That scared her for a long moment, but as she wiggled her fingers and toes it hurt, but they worked. Her body just didn’t move as fast as she would have liked. That momentary scare over, she looked at the source of the voice. Young Prince Aldis was sitting next to her, looking like he had been crying. His blond hair was matted and he had dark streaks running down his face where the tears had only just stopped flowing. His beautifully made velvet outfit of navy and gold was covered in sand. Nerie couldn’t help but smile at him, he looked so disheartened. She had always had a soft spot for children.

He saw that her eyes were open and looking at him. He leaned forward, “Well, are you?”

“I suppose so. Everything hurts.”

As she looked around the room, she realized she must be in the royal quarters. Fine silks hung from the stone walls, and artwork and gilded decorations were everywhere. She thought it was wasteful, as she lived a perfectly happy life in the middle district with none of those things.

The roofing fascinated her however. The room they were in was square, with a courtyard in the middle that was open to the sky. She assumed this was for the dragons, as they were all resting in the courtyard.

Nerie also saw the source of the two other voices. One was the king. He was looking at Ilex. The large green dragon was sweeping his tail in agitation. The king, now that she was closer, was younger than she expected. She supposed that made sense, as he had been twenty when he was chosen by Ilex, which would put him just into his early forties. He had a dirty blonde hair like his son, but with dark tan skin. He had crows feet wrinkles around his blue eyes. Nerie imagined this was from him smiling and laughing all the time. It made him look kind.

The other voice was Princess Astra. She was screaming at the young dragoness who wasn’t even looking at her. She had dark hair like her mother, and her fathers dark skin. Her face was red and she had yet to stop screaming at the dragonling. Tired of it, great orange Eras finally turned his head to her and let out a low growl. She stumbled backwards, tripping over her own skirt - letting out an ungraceful scream.

As Nerie continued to look around she saw Queen Alaena sitting off to one side. The queen looked angry, her brows furrowed and arms crossed. She was staring at Nerie with as much intensity as the little dragonling. The dragonling who was now nudging her foot. *Kiriga.* Nerie wasn’t sure how she had known her name, but she had the moment the hatchling had touched her hand.

*That’s because I told you it.* A voice spoke in Nerie’s head.

She sat up in surprise, pulling the attention of the two royals not currently watching her. Astra, having gotten to her feet, paced over to Nerie. Before she could react Astra had slapped her across the face.

“How dare you *steal* my dragon! I was to be queen!”

Nerie’s face stung, and before she could respond, that she hadn’t meant to, Kiriga had launched herself at the princess.

“Kiriga! No!”

*She* hit *you. That is not acceptable.*

“She’s the princess!”

*As are you!*

Nerie stood, looking between the little dragon who she had pulled off the princess, and the king - horrified. She had grown up not knowing her father, that was true. Her mother had been flighty when she was young, and uninterested in taking a husband. She had always told Nerie that she was the light of her life, and that she needed no one else. Nerie looked just like her mother, red hair and bright green eyes. Nothing like the man before her. However, he was looking at Nerie with familiarity.

He spoke, “Miss - I’m sorry, I don’t know your name.”

“Nerie.”

“Nerie, we are going to need to summon your mother here. Can you tell us where to find her?”

She numbly told them - of course she would be needed. A servant who Nerie hadn’t even seen in the corner, raced out of the room. After that, Kiriga bumped her head into Nerie’s back.

The king asked her to tell him about herself. She didn’t know what to say. Did she say “*I’m a commoner.”* She wasn’t sure what to say, because apparently she was not a commoner, not according to a dragon’s voice in her head. Or did she say “*You must have cheated on the queen to be my father.”* That would go over really well.

Instead she just started talking. Telling them all about her life. About Raana, and her mother, about the shop they kept. No one said anything as she talked, and she couldn’t believe she was there, in the royal palace. Every now and then a reassuring nudge on her back reminded her why she was there.

Because Kiriga had chosen *her.*

&#x200B;

#"...and then you killed me!" I told him, shaking.

I  had woken up from the latest in a week long series of nightmares where  my longtime live in boyfriend Kade had killed me. Each had been unique  and horrifying, and I could still feel my skin crawling, and could here  the hollow laughter that had accompanied each act.

"Lu, you *know* I couldn't hurt a fly!" Kade said, his chuckle sincere.

As  he reached across and laid a hand on my shoulder I couldn't help but  flinch. The laughter died in his eyes and he pulled his arm back.

"So how many times have I," he air quoted, "killed you?"

"Six.  You shot me, you stabbed me, strangled, and drowned," I took a deep  breath before continuing, "buried me alive, and last night..." I rubbed  at my arms again, "you flayed me, strip by strip."

He  got up and started a lot of coffee, his back to me. As Kade grabbed a  knife from the block, it took all my willpower not to bolt for the door -  but he started casually chopping veggies for an omelet.

"Why  don't you go take a shower? The steam is good for you." He waved the  knife in the direction of our bedroom and the bathroom beyond.

I was out of my seat and nearly to the door before I realized I had moved. Anything to get away from that knife.

As  the hot water cascaded down my back I leaned my forehead on the cool  tiles of the wall. What was going on? Not on was I having crazy  nightmares I was having strange dejavu. Like the omelettes, I don't know  the last time we had them, but it felt like I had eaten them just  yesterday.

And this shower, the feeling of the tiles on my skin. I mean I do shower every day, but this exact feeling? It was weird.

I  shut of the water, sliding the door open and reaching for my towel.  Maybe some food would calm my nerves? I knew coffee sure wouldn't.

My  hand failed to connect with the cotton fabric that should be hanging  right on its hook. I squinted, trying to see if it had fallen to the  floor. No. Stepped out onto the rug, water running in rivulets down my  legs. I needed my glasses, then a towel.

But as I reached the place I always left them, where I *knew* i had left them not even 10 minutes before, they were gone.

"Kade! Can you come help me fin my glasses?" I was annoyed, but I wouldn't get anywhere on my own.

Silence. Even the noises from the kitchen had ceased.

I  walked back into the bedroom, still feeling around for my glasses or a  towel. Nothing. Frowning, I went to open the door. I would have to get a  towel from the linen closet.

Only, the  door was jammed. I tugged at it, but it didn't budge. It was then I  noticed smoke slowly coming from under the door jam. I didn't see it so  much as smell it.

"Kade! Kade! Help!" I said kicking at it.

More  silence. Screw that. I ran to the closet and grabbed one of his shirts  and a pair of my shorts. Dressing as quickly as I could with the fabric  clinging to my damp skin, I ran to the window, flipping the hinges that  kept it closed,

I heard an audible pop  from my shoulder as the window didn't budge. Leaning close and squinting  I could see it had been nailed shut from the outside.

I stood upright looking around. My already poor vision was hazy from the now billowing smoke from the door frame.

That's when I heard it. The hollow laughter. Just like the nightmare.

I died in those flames. Screaming in terror. And the laughter continued until my vision faded to black.

"...and then you killed me!" I told him, shaking.The winds which had been howling for the last ten hours had finally abated. The rain was slowing, each drop cold against my skin, feeling more like ice than water. I had failed my people.

The rain had been unexpected, starting within minutes of the battle. Cries to retreat were lost among the slaughter that was taking place. Over and over again, my men looked to me, not understanding why I wasn’t helping them. Why I was letting them die. What they didn’t know was I was fighting to keep myself alive. Not from attack or bombardment, but from the very sky itself.

An embodiment of flame, water was my mortal enemy.

Where the raindrops had at first sizzled upon my skin, they now ran in chilled streams across my face.

I had passed out at some point, so engrossed in keeping my inner flame alight. They had taken me hostage then. Tying me in ropes that dug in far too tightly. They had laid me on a stone table, before a gilt statue of their own god. As I blinked the water droplets from my eyes, it appeared to me as though he was laughing. My body shifted, unconsciously trying to get a deeper breath, however it only caused me to moan – alerting my captors that I had regained consciousness.

I could feel the brush of cold steel at my throat as they chanted above me in some archaic language. But I could also feel something else. A glimmer of warmth from the sun which for the first time that day was showing its face.

It wasn’t enough. Not yet. Fat droplets of water still fell from the sky, but I could feel the steam as they evaporated from my skin. I tried to focus my powers onto my wrists, to light the bindings holding me in place.

I just needed more time. More light from the one true source of flame.

Then the breeze shifted, and the last scattering of heavy clouds moved. The alter I was upon was brilliantly illuminated with sunlight and I felt the fire course through my veins. Even as the priests screamed and tried to cut my throat, the blade heated to melting temperatures. The hot metal coating my skin rather than burning. The only remnants of the bindings were ashes that dusted my wrists and ankles.

I was still hurt, for they had abused my body in my weakened state, but I was sitting now. Gasping in breaths of air. Soaking in the light that filtered down upon me.

And they were screaming. Wailing as the flame within me exploded outward, seeking fuel for the ever-growing fire.

Standing, I walked slowly towards the amassed army that had killed and captured my people. I would have no mercy upon them. My people were nomads, moving from place to place to avoid the rains so that I could protect them. We had only been caught out in the rain today, as they had surrounded us on all sides.

The trail of where I walked was left with scorched footprints and withered grasses. They would not survive this night, and the survivors of my people would travel onward.I was not the only regular at the mom and pop cafe, Ruth’s, but I was the only one with an order so consistent that the moment I walked in the door they would start making it for me.

Over the last week I’ve been laying in what I was sure was to be my deathbed. I’d had horrible congestion and my eyes wept with a thick mucous. I’d only moved from the bed to the shower with the water turned to lava in hopes of the steam bringing me any sort of relief. 

I’d ordered in my food from Ruth’s for the last week. They didn’t normally do delivery, but for me they’d do it. It wasn’t like I lived more than a two minutes walk away. I’d moved closer once my habits had been set. 

Now, I was finally feeling human again. At least enough to get out and eat. I had just enough stamina to get myself inside and seated. Even then, my legs shook like leaves as I sat. 

I didn’t grab a menu, nor did I look around for Sue the waitress I knew would be on shift right now. I just waited for my food. 

When the hot burger, shoestring fries and cold chocolate milkshake were sat in front of me I didn’t blink. I did however, mumble my thanks to Sue. 

Now, I don’t know what did it. If it was the fry being too soggy, or the milkshake tasting just a little sour, but I gagged within moments of being brought my food. 

Glaring at the plate, I tried a delicate bite of the burger cooked just the way I liked. And my stomach rolled in defiance. 

I slowly slid it away from me, and waved Sue back. 

“Sue, can you get me a cuppa chili? And a coffee?” I sputtered, still trying to rid myself - not of the taste that had perturbed me, but the texture.

“Are you sure? Was there something wrong with the food? I can have Al make up a new burger and fresh fries…” 

I waved her off, coughing slightly. I wasn’t sure if it was residual phlegm or my body’s sudden distaste for my favorite meal. “No, just the chili and coffee hun.”

Paul and Carol were sitting at their table, and looked over at me when I started to choke. Paul had half stood as if he would perform the heimlich if needed. 

Then there was Nona, sitting at her table with her cold coffee and her scarf that she always seemed to be knitting. The constant click of needles together had halted too.

A couple of construction workers were in the back, obviously having come for dinner after a long day on sight, but they too were looking over apprehensively. 

It wasn’t like I was going to die.

When Al’s voice raised from the kitchen, I could hear him asking if he had done something wrong. 

It was less than a minute later when Sue rushed out, the oversized bowl in one hand, the coffee mug and pot in the other.

When she sat both down and got the coffee poured, she hesitated a moment then asked, “Cream? Sugar?” 

She might know the exact number of pickles I liked per burger, but she had no idea about what other tastes in food I had. But to be perfectly honest, neither did I. I just knew the hot liquid sounded like heaven on my still sore throat. 

“No, I’ll drink it black,” I said, picking up the spoon to stir the chili. 

Hot. That was all I could think. Too hot to have a texture. 

It was as I lifted the spoon to my mouth I realized that every eye in the diner was on me. 

I glanced at the spoon, at them, and the spoon again before mentally saying fuck it, and biting down. 

It was bliss. Just what I wanted. Hot and spicy enough to make the sinuses start to leak. 

They were all still watching. 

“What? Can’t a person eat something different every now and again?” I asked, even as I took another bite of chili, then drained half the mug of coffee.**Note: SORRY. Did not mean to have the bot ping you. This is** ***not*** **related to 'My Other Self'**

&#x200B;

“My Lady! I am here to save you!” Sir Raften announced as he slammed through the bolted door.

The hinges gave way under the weight of his armor, and he was taking his helmet off before he had even located the princess in the room.

Then he saw her.

Tendrils of magic swirled around the pale young woman, fists clenched and her eyes red and swollen.

She had been crying. And she was staring at Raften.

“My Lady Luciana, I presume?” He asked, bowing to her. “I’m sorry you’ve been trapped here for so long. Is that perhaps why you have been crying? Or is it the sheer joy of being rescued that has made you weep?”

He stood, smoothing his waxed mustache under his large nose, and smirking. However the cocky grin faltered when his eyes locked on her’s.

Her purple eyes, that were fading to red. The tendrils of magic that had been swirling around her were now thick tentacles, lashing angrily about her.

“I do not cry with fear. Nor joy, *Sir*. I cried in anger and anguish. When you slew Norgalia.”

Raften wasn’t sure what to say. He didn’t even know who Norgalia was. He had slayed a lot of monsters and a few people that day, trying to reach the renowned princess. No easy feat, if he was honest with himself.

“Nor-who?” He asked. Maybe it was one of the servants who had tried to stop him.

“*Norgalia. My* dragon.” She whispered, taking a half step towards him.

Unconsciously, he took one back.

“My lady, I realize you’ve been trapped in here for a long time, but that dragon was keeping you from your people, keeping you as a prize in its horde.”

He knew he was wrong the moment he finished speaking. The tiny woman’s eyes were a glowing red, her blonde hair was billowing in a wind that had no source.

“I *hatched* that dragon. I *raised* her. I was a *mother* to her.” She whispered, taking a step with each statement towards the knight. “She did not keep me here. I came here of my own volition. Away from the war my people had started without my or my mother’s consent. All I wanted was to study my magic, study more about the dragon race...”

She trailed off, glancing out the far window where the purple dragon’s carcas laid, woefully still. “Live my life in peace.”

“My lady… I … I had no idea.” Raften stuttered as he found himself backed against the wall.

“Of course you didn’t. You didn’t ask either. Who sent you? Whichever kingdom won the war? Another group of people looking for a leader? Or sir…” She paused, waiting for his name.

“Raften, my lady…” He choked out. The magic - *her magic* \- had lashed out and held him against the wall. His chest was tight, and his armor was crumpling inward each moment that past.

“Or, Sir Raften, were you looking for a young girl to do your bidding. So in love with you for rescuing her, that she would fall head over heels… right into your bed?”

“I… I…” Why had he come here? “I came because your people need you…” It also had been a little of the last bit too, but it would be unwise of him to say so.

“My people don’t need me. They don’t know me. I am not a born leader. I have no divine right to rule. Hell, I don’t *want* to rule.” She looked out the window again. “All I want is Norgalia back. But even I can’t bring the dead back…”

The magic that had filled the room was suddenly gone. The princess’s long blonde hair fell in a sheet to her waist without the gale. Her eyes were suddenly a bright purple, staring into his brown.

Then she turned and walked away.

Raften considered bolting out the door - this princess obviously wanted nothing to do with him. But he found that the joints of his armor had been ruined, and he couldn’t move so much as an inch. A living statue, unable to free himself.

Before he could devise a way to escape, she was back. Holding a small vial and - he blinked - a dagger.

With a wave of her hand, the chestpiece of his armor fell away, leaving his chainmail and leather jerkin exposed. Another wave, and they too fell to the ground.

Then she was cutting. The dagger slicing through the thin undershirt he wore, into his chest, just above his heart.

Still unable to move, he twisted at the hips and shoulders, desperately trying to get away.

“My Lady… Luciana… Please, stop…”

This was no way for a knight of his prestige to die. It was no way for a man to die.

As the blade dug deeper, she started to chant. Purple tendrils of magic leaving her hands.

“Sir Rafton. Say goodbye to this life. I may not be able to resurrect the dead. But I can turn you into a dragon.”

She poured the vials contents - what looked to be green ichor and several small scales - into the wound she had created.

It was agony. His very soul felt like it was aflame. He screamed as it touched his skin, the blood from his wound running down his chest. As the ichor merged with it, it felt as if his very skin was melting.

Rafton twisted harder, trying to free himself from the steel trap. Luciana stepped backwards, laughing. A laugh that sounded hysterical and demonic at the same time. If he hadn’t been in so much pain, he would have put his hands over his ears, trying to block out the high pitched noise.

The last thing that he saw, before his vision faded to black, was a literal fire burst into existence upon his skin… skin that was rapidly growing scales.“Will they ever be normal?” 

That was the question my mother had sobbed to the doctor when I and my sister had been born. She wasn’t crying in joy - or pain - like a normal mother who has just given birth for the first time. No, she was crying because my sister and I had brightly colored hair.

She, and our father, knew on sight that we would both have MCS or Main Character Syndrome. 

You might be wondering what that is. Call it by another name or no name at all, but it’s when a character in a show or story has one defining feature that makes them stand out from the crowd. Sometimes it’s a scar, or a birth defect, but in most cases its hair or eyes. Then they have a tragic backstory and are destined to save the world - or at least the plot of the story.

Now mom and dad, of course didn’t want this to happen to us at all. They named me Mary, and my sister Sue. They homeschooled us, so that any story that starts in school couldn’t happen. We only went out of the house on short shopping trips. So, we really are eachother’s best friends. 

We’ve just turned 18 though. Mom says that we’ve made it out of the “tragic backstory” period, as neither her nor dad have died. In fact, no one in our family has died. Not even our pet goldfish.

We are getting ready to move out into the world. Mom can’t stop us from going to school anymore, so we’ve signed up to be roommates at a local college. She’s not happy, but we’re adults now.

A little about us - I have long, silky blue hair. More an aquamarine than a teal. I normally wear it in twin tails. My eyes nearly match. Sue however has light pink hair, it reminds me of the cotton candy we were once served the one-time mom and dad took us to the circus. After a few too many comments about the “adorable little performers” we were brought home. She wears it loose, cascading down her back to her hips. 

Now, I know you’re thinking “I bet her eyes are pink!” but you’d be wrong. She has sky blue eyes. She’s super clumsy (possibly due to MCS, but we aren’t sure) and everyone always comments on how adorable she is.

I’m more of a tomboy - I want to go out and play sports, get my hands dirty. Of course, mom and dad shut that down really quick. They didn’t want me to end up an action hero after all. I understand of course, but it made childhood pretty boring. 

\*Sigh\*. I don’t know why we were born this way, but we were. Hell, maybe being the chosen one would be a bit of fun. I don’t know. But mom would kill me if I gave into MCS and it would break dad’s heart. Which I would never do on purpose. 

Sue on the other hand, she’s angry at them. Says they denied us our destiny. She’s been practicing magic in “secret” for about ten years. Of course, I know, but she doesn’t know that I know. I think she wants to seek out her own destiny once we move out. 

I just hope she doesn’t drag me into it with her. But where she goes, I go. Maybe I’ll finally get to take those sword lessons I’ve always wanted...How did I get roped into this again? Oh yeah. Dad.

“Take  your child to work day” was not working out the way I had hoped. Sure I was getting to skip algebra and world history but someone stuck me in an office and walked away.

A map laying on the desk and I walked over too it looking down. Something was a bit off, but I wasn’t sure what. A box of colored pencils lay next to it, and the artist inside me welled up. I’m sure whoever's map it was, they could just print another. It was blank anyways.

I rifle through the colors, picking out a nice dark shade of blue. I start to shade in the deepest part of the ocean. I added a few swirls in, just to spice things up. I picked a lighter shade for the water near the coasts. As I start to shade around the continents I realize what’s been off with the map since I first saw it. The borders are off. Much larger than they are in real life.

I decide to just go off memory. No way am I going to make Florida look like a balloon hanging off the states like the map has.

Satisfied with my oceans, I move onto the land. I got more than a little creative with that. Jungles in Kansas, a desert in Alaska. I just did whatever looked good.

Finally, once the map was  complete, I started adding in creatures. I put a kraken near New Zealand. A herd of Centaurs in China, a Dragon in the mountains of Colorado.

Satisfied with my creation, I packed the colored pencils back in their little box. I picked up the  map, rolling it carefully and headed for the door.

I couldn’t wait to show dad!

Getting into the hallway, red lights and a siren were going off. I was more than a little surprised, as until a moment ago, I hadn’t heard anything.

People were rushing up and down the hallway, and a little scared, I joined the rush. I knew where dad’s office was, I just needed to get there.

It  seemed like everyone was on their way to dad’s office. I heard people screaming about a tsunami about to hit England, and something about a tornado in Brazil.

Getting into his office was another issue. There was a line that went down several hallways. I cut in front of people, and when one person tried to shoo me off, I crocodile teared them into pitying me. That got me really moving to dad’s office.

“Dad! Look at this picture I colored!” I shouted as I entered the room.

“Thea I don’t have -” he paused looking up.

His face paled. Uh oh. Maybe I wasn’t supposed to touch that after all.

“Is something wrong dad?” I ask, unsure. I hate getting in trouble with dad.

“Where did you get that?” he asked weakly.

“In the office you stuck me in this morning.”

“Oh.” He frowned, then stood, “Someone get Mastuvis in here! He has something to fix!”

I noticed a TV with the news on behind my dad. It was showing … A dragon? In Colorado. Oh no.

That was the day I found out my dad was a god. And that I was a halfling. Oops."Zardra! The knights are here again!” My wife Ola shouted from the front lawn. 

Really? *Again?* So what if I was part dragon! Only a 16th. I was a bit warmer than average, and had talons instead of fingers… Oh and that stray patch of scales on my shoulders. But that was it!

But here they were. Sir Elis the Great and his tag along friend Sirs Adkin the Observant and Garin the Messenger. I straightened, leaning against my hoe. I was busy planting this year’s turnip crops. 

Honestly, that’s probably why they were here. No one can grow turnips like my family. Big as my head sometimes. These idiots are just jealous.

“Dragonkin! Halt!” Garin shouted. I resisted rolling my eyes.

“Really Garin? Halt? I’m not even moving.” I told him as the other approached.

“Hand over your horde of turnips Zardra and no one will be hurt.” Elis demanded imperially. 

“Elis, again? I am not going to hand over my turnips.” I scratched my shoulder. “Now, Ola would be more than happy to sell them to you at a silver a turnip, same as in the market square.”

“Lady Ola, are you injured?” Adkin asked her, worry coloring his voice.

“Are you daft man? I’ve been married to Zardra for almost a decade!” She said her voice full of sarcasm. She slapped at him with her broom she had been airing the rugs with.

Elis cleared his throat, looking at me. “I’ll pull my sword if you don’t hand them over now Dragonkin.”

“Ola, please go inside, I don’t want these imbeciles to hurt you by accident.” I told her. She nodded, waving to me as she left.

All three of them drew their swords, approaching me from both sides and Elis from the front. I almost felt bad for them. This was a monthly ordeal, and yet, they never seemed to learn. Perhaps it was because I never injured them or perhaps they were simply too dense to learn.

“We want your horde!” Garin cried, lunging at me. 

His sword swung past my face, and as his hand descended, I used my talons to swipe at the back of it. He dropped his sword immediately. Then Adkin took his turn. It really was like taking turns as they used the same formation and same attacks each time. I spun away from him, his sword colliding with the few scaled on my back, throwing him off balance. He landed in the dirt a few feet away. 

Elis and I stared at each other. He growled. “How dare you! Beast!”

“For fucks sake Elis! I’m tired of this! I will go to the Lord if you do not leave right now!”

That was new. I’d never threatened him before. But I was done with this. Every month for the last ten years I’d dealt with his bullying. Enough was enough.

“Ola chose me. That does not give you the right to come here, demanding my turnips, grown with my own hard work and dedication. You will leave now, or I will go to the lord.”

Elis’s face turned red, then white, then red again as his little brain processed what I had said. I knew that his father had tried to arrange a marriage with Ola for him. Her father however *liked* me, told me I could have her hand in marriage. Ever since then, he had come after me and to be frank, I was tired of it.

He apparently was not. He brought his sword high over his head diving for me. I sidestepped him and punched him in the gut. The air knocked out of him, he fell to his knees, wheezing.

“I’m going to the Lord’s keep in the morning. See yourselves off my property, won't you?” 

I went inside and prepared for bed. Snuggling up to Ola, she whispered, “You really do keep me warm at night.”Thanks u/InoraiTo most people, the day that we stopped  aging is celebrated as a worldwide holiday. It happened nearly three  centuries ago. Some days i just lay in bed crying. Wanting for it to  end.

Why? I’m not suicidal or anything.  I’m just tired. I was nine months pregnant when it happened. Days away  from welcoming my second daughter to the world. We had her nursery ready  and her crib up. Then the day. You could feel the change spread though  your body. Not painful, just not comfortable. Comparably no cost for  immortality.

Not for me. Or any of the  other thousands of pregnant women. Some have had their fetuses removed  by now. Others, like me, just keep waiting. Waiting for the day that our  aging restarts. I know my baby is still alive. Confirmed it more than  once with an OBGYN before they went out of business.

Her  heart beats slow and steady, waiting for the day she can be born. She  might survive a Csection, but she might not. It’s had a low success rate  for the women brave enough to try so far. I’m content to just wait.

Honestly  what drives me a bit batty is my oldest daughter. Lyra. She’s 4. Well  like 304 now, but she is the mentality and physicality of a 4 year old.  She wants mac and cheese with hot dogs every day for lunch. She colors  on the walls when I’m not looking. She has a favorite stuffed animal she  sleeps with at night.

Worst of all, she  doesn’t know that she should be aging. She knew we had told her she was  going to be a big sister soon, but when that didn’t happen she was  confused. She used to ask every day for the first fifty years. She will  now every once and again, but for the most part she’s forgotten.

Dealing  with her for so long… I love her dearly, don’t get me wrong - I just  was ready to see her grow up into the beautiful woman I knew she could  be.

This morning however, something  changed. It didn’t feel like when the immortality began, but it was…  different. I was cooking Lyra’s breakfast. As I turned to the table and  took a step forward - my water broke. I called 911, we still have  hospitals as everyone stayed exactly the same as they had been before  whatever happened.

The operator laughed  at me, but I was in full hysteria, so she sent an ambulance out to get  me. Thank god, because when the first contraction hit, I blacked out.

I woke up in the ER, with more doctors staring at my lady bits than I felt comfortable with.

“What’s going on?” I asked them, confused.

One, who looked like a woman in her mid thirties answered, “Well, it looks like you’re in labor dear.”

“I meant, why are there so many people in the room? And none of them are my husband…”

“Oh, well, all the doctors in the hospital were in disbelief. They all had to see for themselves.”

“Okay… That’s nice, but I would appreciate if we delivered my baby with minimal staff. I’m uncomfortable.”

“Of course dear. You’re already almost there. You’re fully dilated and were having steady contractions while unconscious.”

As she said that, another hit. I didn’t pass out this time, but fuck. I had forgotten what pain even felt like.

They  got me on meds and worked on my breathing. Then it was time to push. As  my daughter was born, the room was silent, waiting to see if she would  take her first breath.

Oh mighty lord,  did she ever. Screamed louder than any baby I had ever heard. She was  perfect. I wanted to hold her so badly, but the doctors demanded  extensive tests on both her and I. So they whisked her away before I  even got to see her fully.

What I did notice however was she had a fine silver hair.

I  had chosen the name Lily three centuries ago, but at that moment, it no  longer fit. I told a nurse that her name was to be Adi. Hopefully I  would get to hold her soon.Rich wasn't sure how long he had been walking. He was at his favorite park, and the sun was shining, but the temperature was just right. He felt like he could walk forever.

He knew it was a dream the moment his foot had touched the paved pathway, as it had been years since he had been able to walk on his own volition. He didn't care though. It was the most detailed dream he had ever been in. The birds chirped, and a babbling brook ran parallel to where he walked. 

He wasn't tired from walking, but when he saw a bench under two large shade trees he felt compelled to sit and wait. As he sat, he rubbed his palms on his knees, a habit he had picked up in his later years. The smoothness of the skin however startled him. It was no longer dry and wrinkled, instead it was firm and tanned, like it had been in his prime. 

Cautiously, he raised one and then the other hand to examine, then slowly reached for his face. The jowls that he had come to know, the wrinkled skin that hung off his face, were gone. A fine stubble graced his cheeks, and his hair, which had fallen out decades before, was thick and dark. 

Just as he thought he should be waking up from this dream, a hand settled upon his shoulder. When he looked up, he couldn't believe his eyes - Dream or not.

"Margie..." It was a whisper.

In the years since her death, he had dreamed nightly about her. But it was always the her that had raised their children, lived their life. The Margie standing before him was young, as young as he. 

She only smiled softly, before joining him on the bench. They sat there for... it didn't matter. What mattered was that she had her head on his shoulder, hands held tightly to one another. 

When she started to hum, the same lullaby she had sung to their children as infants, things felt *right*, Memories of their lives together floated through their heads, and as they aged in memory, they aged on the bench. When they reached the age that Margie had passed, Rich clasped his hands tighter around hers, but she didn't disappear, she didn't leave.

Once he was in his normal weary ageworn body, he knew it was time. Knew that he would wake up at any moment to live another day without Margie.

Instead, she stood, shedding the years until she was once again the young beautiful woman he had met so many decades ago. She reached out to him, pulling him to a standing position. He too let go of all the years tied to that bench. 

Young, healthy, and happy to be with his love, they held hands and continued walking along the path.**Author's Note:**   **Also, please consider becoming a patron at my** **. Any and all funds from it will go towards cover or character art for my stories.**  

I had arrived the afternoon before, and had stayed in the hotel room only long enough to drop of my luggage. I had wandered aimlessly around town while I waited for the sun to set, and only stopped at a food place long enough to grab something to go. I had found a park with a pretty little lake, and sat eating fries and watching ducks slowly paddle around in large circles. My mind had refused to think about Rob, about the fire, or about any of the faces that I had recognized at the book signing. Instead I had focused on the ripples in the water and watched until the sun set.

Once I had returned to my hotel room I had checked my fire alarm twice, as well as made sure the window was open. I had specifically booked a room on the ground floor, and failed to fall asleep for several hours. I had awoken then, before my alarm, dressed in my suit and headed to the area near the church that the memorial was to be held in, but I didn’t enter until it was nearly time for the memorial to start.

Rob’s memorial was quiet. Mrs. McArthur, his mother, sat on a stool next to a framed picture of him that had to be at least ten years old, as I had never seen him with that much hair, let alone a mustache. I arrived five minutes before the memorial started, and left right after. Sitting there watching people fade in and out of the room was more depressing than the loss of Rob. Not that I didn’t care about him, but none of these others seemed to. A brief condolence to Mrs. McArthur, and a moment to stare at the strangely happy face in the picture, and then they were gone. Occasionally a flower arrangement was left, or a card tucked into the small box near the weeping woman.

I got a couple odd looks, as I was the only one sitting among the pews and not comforting the grieving mother. It wasn’t my place. It wasn’t my family. I just felt responsible for Rob’s death.

After eating, I headed to the same park, and sat on the same bench. I took of my jacket and laid it over the back, and just watched.

It was funny how little it took to make a ripple in the water. The wind blowing, a leaf falling, or fish rising to the surface as a child threw bits of bread into the water.

Kao floated into my mind, and I was unable to push the thought away. Had she started the fire? Why? Did she know that I had gone to watch Marshall? Or that I had seen Ben instead?

I ran my hand through my hair and shook my head. It was too convoluted to try and guess the what-ifs and whys, especially if she hadn’t even done it.

But did it matter if she did it or not? Either way, Rob was dead, and I wouldn’t be writing for a while.

As I got up and started the short stroll back to my hotel, I caught a glance of a figure out of the corner of my eye. Curious who else would be out at this late hour, I turned to get a better look, but no one was there. I really was tired. I shook my head again, mumbling to myself that it had been a long week, and that this would be my last night in the hotel.

The sound of my footsteps were not the only ones I heard as I walked down the street, but each time I paused, the other set did too. Anytime I looked, there would be no one behind me. Streetlamps illuminated the path I was walking, one bright spot in darkness, the edges of the glow just meeting with the next circle.

Picking up my pace, I gave up on trying to spot my follower, and instead focused on getting to my destination. The town was desolate at this time of night, and I didn’t see another soul on my way, though every now and again I could still hear my follower.

Stepping through the revolving door I looked behind myself one last time, but saw nothing through the dark windows. Turning around to head to my room, I nearly ran over someone.

Little old Mrs. McArthur.  

“I’m so sorry ma’am!” I said, stepping to the side, and putting out my arm to stop her backwards fall. “What are you doing here?”

As I looked at her face, I could see that her eyes were puffy and if she had worn any makeup this morning, it was gone from all her tears.

“I…” she hesitated, “I just wanted to say thank you for coming all this way for Robby. They told me that you waited outside until he – “ she paused gathering herself, “Until he was brought out from the fire.”

“Yes ma’am. Rob was a good friend of mine. I am so sorry that there wasn’t anything else I could do.” I walked her over to the benches that seemed to fill every hotel lobby and helped her sit.

“You came out here. You were here the whole afternoon. You could have left after talking to me.” She smiled weakly at me, patting my hand. “You know, Robby talked about you. Nearly every time we talked. He would tell me about your books, and how you’ve been such a good friend. Where you were traveling to next.”

He had talked about me? Maybe Rob had had fewer friends than I did, telling his mom about me. But then again, I didn’t really call home. Ever. I squeezed her hand and said awkwardly, “Well, he always did the planning. I won’t be going out on anymore book signings any time soon. And I’ll never find another agent like Rob.”

Mrs. McArthur started to cry again, and I jiggled my leg nervously. “Do you need help getting home ma’am? It’s late, and I don’t want you to have to go alone. Did you walk? Drive?”

She shook her head, dabbing at her face with a handkerchief that clearly had the remains of her makeup smeared on it. “I… I walked, I just wanted to say thank you again for being such a dear friend to Robby.”

“Of course Mrs. McArthur. Please, let me call you a cab,” I said, pulling out my phone.

She grabbed my hand again, shanking her head. “No, no. It’s fine. My house is only a few minutes from here. I don’t need a cab.”

“Well, at least let me walk you home?” I said, worried about the figure that had followed me here.

She just waved me off again, telling me that it would be fine. I frowned, but didn’t push the subject. Instead, I just walked her to the door. In the brief moment the door was opening, I thought I saw a figure standing across the street, but stepping outside with Mrs. McArthur, the street was empty.

Thanking me once again, and squeezing my hands tight, the old woman turned and set off down the road. I looked around one last time, but saw no one else.

Once I reached my room, I compulsively checked the fire alarm, then window. I had slept with the window open the night before, but feeling a little paranoid I pulled it shut, drawing the curtains closed.

I wanted to be able to get out if there were to be a fire, but I didn’t want someone climbing in through the window in the middle of the night.

Another sleepless night followed me turning out the lights. More than once I got up and peered out the window because I thought I had seen a silhouette in the shadows of the curtain, but every time I pulled them back, the clear night was all that I could see.

I gave up on sleeping around five. My flight was scheduled for nine, and it was an hour drive to the airport. Another hour for checking, left me with  two hours to kill at the hotel, so I set a timer on my phone with an alarm and closed my eyes. Focusing on that inner place that always took me back, I let out a deep breath and opened my eyes to the sight of Ben’s farm.

Normally, I would appear directly in front of the person I was tethered too, but this time Ben was no where to be seen. I was standing in front of the low wrap around porch of the farmhouse, and the front door was swinging open and closed gently in a breeze that I couldn’t feel. I could hear dogs barking from a far away place, and the slow creaking of the weather vane on the roof. I walked inside, the door passing through me as it swung open and shut once again.

The sink was full of dishes, and the small cast-iron stove had a meal that looked as if it had been cooking but then abandoned. I couldn’t smell here either, for once grateful of the fact, as whatever it had been looked foul now.

Unsure of what to do, I sat on the couch, contemplating waking myself from the trance state, or just waiting until Ben showed up. I couldn’t hear anything other than the slow creaking of the door and  the far away dogs. I closed my eyes, thinking about returning to my own body, own time.

When I opened my eyes, I saw the alarm on my phone had only a few minutes left before it was set to go off. I stood and completed my morning absolutions, showering, shaving. As I turned to get my clothes off the bed, the curtains fluttered in a slight breeze.

I froze. I knew I had shut the window the night before, and I was fairly certain that it was still shut when I had risen from my attempt at sleep. But there it was, open just enough for the air to catch the curtain and cause it to dance slightly.

I finished dressing as fast as I could, throwing everything into my bag, and heading for the door, never taking one eye off the window.“Elrin, in here!”

Orin grabbed his young apprentice by the shoulder, pushing a slightly different colored brick next to the bookcase, he opened a secret passage. He had taken Elrin under his wing when he had needed to have his horse reshod and he had seen the boy sitting in front of the forge, making flames dance around his fingers. Not only was the boy naturally gifted, he also was extremely bright. Whenever Orin let him run out of tasks to do, the boy always ended up on the wrong side of trouble.

“What’s going on Master?”

“Just hide in here. Don’t open the door, or make a noise. I’ll come get you.” With that, Orin shut the door on the boy.

He turned and walked over to his bench, quickly pulling things from shelves in an appearance of looking busy. While working on Elrin’s control of other elements, he had seen a glimmer of red on the air. Anger. The only people who knew where this workshop was were the other Royal Mages. And only one of them would be that angry at him. Wils.

He had barely gotten a cauldron onto his desk before the door slammed open. He was right. It was Wils. The mage looked furious.

“Orin. What is going on in here?!”

As calmly as he could, Orin turned to face the hulking man. Most mages where thin short men. Not Wils. He could probably lift an ox on his own.

“What do you mean Wils? I was just getting ready to make that cold-cure concoction that the maid ordered for the young prince.” He held up a pouch of citrus.

“Then why did I feel elemental magic in here, not minutes ago.”

“Oh, well. It was a little stuffy in here, so I brought a breeze in to freshen things up.”

“Enough of your lies Orin. I know you have been talking to Lord Cohren. I very much doubt you were even trying to heal the prince.” He stalked closer to the workbench, and grabbed another one of the pouches that Orin had gotten down. “Hemlock! You really were trying to kill the boy!”

Orin paled. “What, no. I must have grabbed the wrong thing! I would have noticed before I used it!”

Wils summoned iron bands, and shackled Orin’s hands behind his back. “I am tired of your excuses Orin. I am taking you to the Queen, and she will deal with you.”

Poor Elrin, unable to see in the dark passageway, could hear everything that was going on. He wanted to shout that it had been he who had been using elemental magic, but Orin’s warning about opening the door stuck.

He knew his master would not be coming back anytime soon, and within minutes of Orin being taken, he could hear others in the room, searching it for more information. Elrin wasn’t sure what to do. He couldn’t go back into his master’s workshop, and he was in the dark, no doubt summoning a flame would draw the attention of whoever was on the other side of the door. That left only one option. He turned from the door, putting his left hand on the wall, and walked blindly into the darkness to see where the path went.

&#x200B;

Tag: WPShe pulled me inside - immediately heading to some storage containers and digging about. I tapped my foot impatiently, but Lotte simply ignored me. I cleared my throat, stepping farther inside the warehouse.

It was dingy. A few of the automated harvesters rested along the walls, each with an obvious problem. A jet out or the turbine warped. Waiting for repairs that FamiCorp would pay for. These particular models looked as if they had been waiting a while. A thick film of dirt coated each and none of the normally blinking lights on any of the panels were lit.

I turned back to Lotte. She was still digging through some container muttering to herself. I cleared my throat again, hoping to catch her attention. Unsuccessful, I stomped towards her. She continued to ignore me.

I peered over her shoulder. “What’cha lookin’ for?”

She let out a small scream, then clamped her non-enhanced hand over her mouth. Glaring at me she slowly lowered it.

“Gorsh! Don’t sneak up on me!” She shook her other hand in my face threateningly.

Are you kidding me? This shtick again? “I. AM. NOT. GORSH.” I said as slowly and enunciated each syllable.

“Would you cut it out already? It’s just us here.” She crossed her arms, her eyes narrowed.

She didn’t believe me. Of course. “Look. For the last time - I am Riley Moore, navigation officer of the ship Halifax. I was born and raised on the planet Astora far far from here. I don’t care how much I look like this Gorsh of yours, I’m not him.” I pulled out my travel docs and showed them to her.

Flipping through the pages, Lotte’s frown deepened. She silently handed the small booklet back to me, and as I reached to take it, she grabbed my arm.

“Hey! I thought we were over this you-grabbing-me-and-dragging-me-along thing!” I said, but she was pulling my sleeve up my arm past my elbow.

Once she got the soft fabric that high, she dropped my arm as if it had burned her. I stopped the downward motion, holding my arm out at an awkward angle.

“You aren’t Gorsh.” She whispered. Her face had gone pale, and her eyes wide.

Okay then. Seems it finally breeched her thick skull. “No. I’m Riley, just like I told you.”

I pulled my sleeve down watching her. “Now, what were you looking for just then?”

She shook her head, still staring at me wide eyed. “A scar. He got it at the same time *this,”* she motioned to her exoskeleton, “happened.”

“If I had known, I would have shown you that to start with.” I scrubbed my scalp looking at the high rafters.

“Yeah. Of course,” her tone was suddenly dull, and I looked back down to her.

Her arms were hanging loosely at her side and her eyes seemed to be looking at nothing and everything at the same time. Whatever her relationship to this Gorsh, she clearly was hurt that I wasn’t him.

“Now, please explain to me why I couldn’t just go to the hotel? And why you dragged me through that maze to get here?” I waved my hands around at the glorified shed.

“Gorsh is a wanted man here. Not by law enforcement, but by FamiCorp. He… We, are part of an organization that fights for fair wages and living conditions for the farmers, as well as for the local flora and fauna native to the planet.” She started rummaging in her container again. I still didn’t know what she was looking for.

I let out a laugh. “You are eco-terrorists?”

She squeezed the container with her enhanced hand, easily crushing its metal sides. “No, we are simply trying to get out from the oppression of FamiCorp.”

Of course, they were, who wasn’t? Hell, it was the reason I left Astora in the first place. Work day in and day out with no reward or acknowledgment of your work? No thanks. “Uh hu. And what about your suit and the scar that you were looking for? Just accidents?”

“No.” More digging in the crate.

“I see.” Obviously, she didn’t want to talk about it. “Now, what are you looking for in here? I’m pretty sure if there was any organization to start with, you’ve ruined it.”

I looked in, just to see package after white package.

“A transmitter. It was packaged in the same design but is heavier. Not sure who from HQ thought that would be a clever idea.”

Oh great, more loonies. “There’s a whole HQ?” I asked nonchalantly, slowly picking up two of the packages and comparing them.

“Yeah, and most of them want you… Gorsh… Dead.”

I dropped both on the ground and grabbed two more. No reason to mix them back in with the others. “Of course, they do! I just love this backwater planet!” I said in my cheeriest voice.

A small pile was growing at our feet. I was discarding them as I judged them identical to the ones before them, and her still shoving them around the crate.

“Why’d you even come here?” She asked angrily after her most recent foraged failed.

Oh. My. God. I think I’m going to kill her. “I came here - on the ship Halifax - to get supplies.”

“Well you shouldn’t have.”

No, really? “Well, I didn’t think that I would be mistaken for some local legend.”

She paused, glaring at me. “He’s not a local legend. He left for a reason.”

“Uh hu. And that’s why everyone and their mother greeted me with smiles and tears when they saw me?” I grabbed the next package. It was heavy. “Here.”

“Go sit over there.” She waved her hand in the direction of the turbines.

I clenched my fists. “I’m not a child for you to boss around.”

“You’re a stranger in a safehouse. Go sit.” She waved me off once again.

“Right, a stranger in a safehouse that another stranger dragged me to after refusing to believe I’m not some long-lost coconspirator.” I mumbled, walking to the nearest turbine.

Lotte had walked in the opposite direction and was now in the farthest corner of the shed from me. Every few minutes she would look over to me, eyes narrowed. Whoever she was talking to seemed to want a lot of information. God damn. All I want is to go back to my ship.

My stomach grumbled. Oh yeah, and to eat something. I sighed. Never going to a farming planet to refill again. Space stations only. I don’t care if I pay an arm and a leg in taxes, anything would be better than this mix-up.

I sat on the cold floor and rested my head against my knees. I guess I drifted off, because the next thing I know, I’m falling towards the floor because Lotte had kicked my feet out from under me. Bitch.

“What the hell, Lotte?” I grumbled sitting upright.

“Someone from HQ is bringing over some supplies. We are getting you off planet first thing in the morning.”

“Great! Fantastic! I can’t wait.” I said, standing up. Just what I want.

She just glared up at me. “You aren’t wanted here.”

“I don’t want to be here.”

“Good.” She turned and walked away.

“Good.” I shouted after her.

I paced around, looking in random containers waiting for this person from her HQ to show up. After half an hour there was a rhythmic knock on the door. Lotte knocked back, before the door swung open. An older man walked in carrying a large satchel.

“Hey Lotte, HQ called saying you needed some stuff?” I walked over to see what all he had brought.

“Yeah, supplies for the night. Haven’t eaten all day.”

The man looked up from his cargo, and upon seeing me took a half step back. “They told me you were holed up with someone. But *him* Lotte? Really?”

“Unfortunately, he’s just a dead ringer for Gorsh. Not the real thing.” She said casually, digging out a meal pack.

I waved in a halfhearted attempt. “I’m Riley Moore, from the ship Halifax.”

“Whatever.” He dismissed me, turning back to Lotte. “Anything else you need?”

“No, looks like you brought everything we might need, plus a little more. Thanks.” She stood and shook his hand with her free one.

“Anything for you missy. Seems like you’re always getting yourself in trouble.” He glanced at me again, frowning.

“See you around Pete.”

He pulled Lotte into a hug, then was out the door.

“Here, Rolly.” She tossed me a meal pack.

I caught it, but just held it for a moment. “Really? Riley is too complicated for you to remember?”

She was still going through the goody bag from Pete. “No, I just can’t be bothered.”

“Right then. Good thing I’m leaving this place in the morning.”

“Yup.”

I pulled the meal pack open, frowning. The yellow kind. I hated the yellow kind.

“Got any other flavors? Yellow is awful.”

“Right…” She gave me a weird look. “Gorsh hated yellow too.”

“I’m quite sure any logical person hates yellow. It’s the worst flavor.” I shrugged.

“You already opened it. Eat it.” She threw a tuck-away sleeping roll at me. “That’s yours for the night.

One night. That’s all I had to put up with this shit. I stuffed the whole pack in my mouth trying to get over the noxious smell. Then I pulled out the sleeping roll and settled in. In the dim lighting of the warehouse, it was easy to quickly fall asleep.

\---

I woke to being kicked in the side by Lotte and her damned robotically enhanced leg.

“What the fuck.” I sputtered, struggling to get out of the warm sack.

“We have to go. The spaceport should open in fifteen minutes. I want you on your ship and gone before any questions can be asked.”

I was so done with this woman. “Me too.”

She tossed me another meal pack, this time a green. I pulled it open and stuck the corner in my mouth while I shoved the sleeping sack back into the holder.

She put the rucksack over her shoulder and motioned for me to follow her. “Keep your head down and put your hand in your pocket or something.”

We were out - running between buildings. The planet’s primary was still below the horizon. All I could picture was the Halifax’s welcoming hold. It had been my home ever since I had left Astora.

We were greeted to the sight of armed patrols at the gates of the space port. Guards in black bodysuits and helmets, stopping the few people already out and about for the day.

I stopped behind Lotte, who was examining each of the gates. Then she grabbed my shirt and pulled me to the far left-hand end away from the main congregation of security. Then we were in the small gatehouse for this gate. I was more than a little surprised to see Pete sitting there in a freshly pressed black uniform.

“Pete, what’s with the entourage this morning?” Lotte asked him quietly. If he was surprised to see us, he didn’t show it.

“I don’t know what kind of trouble you’re in this morning missy, but they’re looking for ya both.”

He pulled up a small hologram of the pair of us at the gate the day before when I had shaken it. Flicking his fingers, it moved to a pair of headshots of the two of us. Well, of her, and I’m sure Gorsh, as I don’t remember ever wearing a scowl like the one, he had on his face.

“We need on the platform Pete. Gotta get him off planet ASAP.” She motioned to me with her thumb.

Pete shook his head. “It’s not gonna be that easy Lotte. From what I hear they are about to raid your place. You can’t go back.”

“Dammit. They let me off before, saying that as long as I wasn’t seen with Gorsh again I would be fine.” She swiped back to the first holo. “Of course, they caught us on camera yesterday.

“We need to regroup at HQ,” She turned to look at me. “They’ll have to get us off planet another way.”

“No, I’m going in there now. I want out of this hellhole.” I moved closer to the exit gate.

“The lad’s right Lotte. You need to go. Both of you.” Pete said, pulling something out of his pocket. “It’s not much, but it’s all that I have.”

He was holding a credit chip out to her.

“I couldn’t Pete.” Lotte shook her head, crossing her arms.

“You can and you will. Get off planet. There’s no way they would let you go this time. HQ can always refund me. We all would do anything for you.”

“And what about you Pete?” She was looking downcast, and I was feeling like the third wheel.

“I’ll be fine. Plus, I owe your Pa, he would never forgive me if I didn’t get you to safety.” He shoved the credit chip into her hand.

“Wait a hot minute. You don’t expect me to cart her around with me, do you?” I asked annoyed. I wanted to rid myself of this bionic half demon.

“Yes. You can drop me off at the next space station, I have my connections.” She was facing me now, arms still crossed, foot tapping.

“Just hurry to your ship. I’ll give the signal to Ro to get you launch access before they have time to stop you.”

Lotte swooped down to hug the older man. She pecked him on the cheek and then grabbed my once again by the arm.

“Let’s go. We’re putting others in danger.”

Like I cared. I was getting off planet. Finally. “You know, you’re gonna leave a bruise if you keep grabbing me there.”

“Right. Anyways, your cover story for your crew is that I was too tempting to leave behind. I’ll make myself a holy terror, and everyone will be happy to leave me on the next space station. Got it?”

“Oh yes! The love of my life! The light of my soul!” I puckered to her, and her face filled with disgust.

“Seems like you’ve got it. Let’s go.”

We walked with determination to the Halifax, not looking around, and doing our best to look like we belonged. I didn’t have a problem with this, I *did* belong.

We got to the ship and I opened the airlock. We were inside and I was closing it behind me when I felt it. A large warm hand on my shoulder, then a smaller hand on my other shoulder. I turned around, face to face with Grant and John.

“So glad you’re back buddy. We missed you last night.” Grant said with a fake pout.

“Doesn’t seem like you missed us though.” John was eyeing Lotte.

“Guys meet Lotte. She’s gonna be joining us for… *a while*.” I winked at them. “Let’s get off this rock Grant!”

**Author's Note: First and foremost, thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed the chapter. If you haven't already check out my other serials, Heartscale, Dragon's Choice, Oreo Apocalypse and Peril of the Gods (not going to link each individually, here's my**  **where the index and blurb for each story is). I've said it in a few places but it never hurts to repeat, I will only be updating My Other Self on Saturdays during the month of April, as I am working on Camp Nano (a writing challenge) trying to wrap up the first copy of Dragon's Choice. I don't know yet if I'm going to continue this schedule past the end of the month or update more frequently. If you would like to talk to me, join me on the** r/redditserials **discord -** **. I'm available almost all the time (just Luna over there). Always looking for feedback and available to answer questions.**

&#x200B;I can hear them clapping. Screaming my name.  Cheering, just out there waiting for me to go on stage. My hand shook  ever so slightly as I brought the flask to my mouth once again. A few  more sips and I'd be ready. I thought.

I  tucked the flask away, and took a deep breath, stepping out onto the  stage just as the Moderator said, "Ladies and gentlemen! I now present  Mr. Randall Lowell, our keynote speaker for the evening..."

I  woke up with a splitting, pounding headache. My eyes were dry and my  mouth tasted like I had drank a carton of expired milk before I went to  sleep.

The last thing I remembered was being announced on stage.

Getting up stiffly, I noticed I was still in my suit. Great, another trip to the cleaners again.

Headed  to the bathroom, when someone starts pounding on the door. Groggy  still, I simply cover my ears. Not that it mattered. Within moments the  hotel door was open and Jake was coming in.

"Dammit Randy! You've done it again!" Him pounding me on the back just made me want to pound him in the face.

Instead, I croak out, "Did what?"

If  he's going to force himself into my room he's going to have to put up  with me waking up. I walk into the bathroom, leaving the door open, even  as I start to piss.

"Knocked their socks  off. Fed them the words they wanted to hear. God, the line '... we are  only a moment of time, a blink of the eye, but we *will* make a difference...' Damn dude. Where do you get this stuff?"

I  only half heard him over the stream of urine, and shook my head. As I  washed my hands I told him, "Jake, you know how drunk I was. I don't  remember a damned thing. Hell, I don't even remember *what* the event was for yesterday."

Running  a hand through his hair, Jake just shook his head. He didn't  understand. The anxiety. The fear. I could talk to him. Or maybe three  or four people I *knew* at once, but strangers? Huge crowds? I became petrified, scared whitless.

But  it was people like Jake who saw the best in me. Knew what I was capable  of. Once the alcohol started flowing, so did the words. Didn't matter  who I was talking to, or how many, or even what about.

He  flipped on the TV. There I was, standing before the podium, arms  moving, voice strong. Behind me, a banner. "Lowell for President." Oh  yeah, that was what I had spoken at. Another of the campaign events that  I had been schedualed for. Because, someone - or a lot of someones  aparently - thought I would be a good president.

If the people knew? I'd be socially hanged. Maybe worse. But under the recording was the latest polls.

I was in the lead. By a long shot.A fashion icon in every decade since I was 13, I was once the kid bullied for the mismatched shirt and pants. I used to commit fashion faux pas left and right. 

One day, crying on the back of the school bus, I remember staring out the window with my tears running down my face. Outside one stop, was the most fabulously dressed woman I had ever seen. Her hair was coiffed and her outfit shown in the sunlight. Emerald Green and a dazzling white.

She had winked at me, and it was like a flood of fashion information had surged into me. How stripes and polka dots never went together, how paisley was going out of style, how black and blue were quite a no go.

It wasn’t until several days later, that the true gift was revealed. Mom took me shopping at the sears department store. We were casually walking through when I saw an outfit on a mannequin. It was *different.* 

Something about the way it looked just was unlike anything else in the store. I begged mom to get it for me. She looked at the price tag and frowned, but I told her as a growing boy I needed  new pants anyways. 

She finally gave in, me praising the clothing and her. Promises of wearing it forever followed. 

I wore it once a week, and not long after, a major film actor did an interview in the exact outfit.

That was the start of my fame. Outfits would speak to me, and I would wear them just before anyone else. It went unnoticed until college. That’s when I hit it big. 

I decided to go into fashion and design, as my special ability could really pay off. I learned I didn’t need to see the outfit in person to know if it would be a hit. I could simply draw it and if it didn’t stand out, it went in the dumpster.

I walked my own clothes in fashion shows. I dressed actors and actresses, surgeons and lawyers. If they had money, I would sell my service.

Years went by, happily honing my craft. Do you know how hard it was to get people to believe that shoulderpads would one day go out of fashion? Impossible. But I was the first. I knew.

Getting ready to retire, I could feel this power surging to the surface, ready to be given away. And I was ready, looking for my own protege.

Or I was, until I visited a WWII museum. Walking through the halls, a familiar sense hit me, just as I turned a corner.

Straight in line with me was a horribly familiar black military suit with a red armband.

I had never even considered making my powers be wrong before. I had made my career in assuring that they were right.

My father served in the War. He had told me stories. I *knew* at that moment, that I had to do something, anything to prevent that from happening again.

I had money, fame, and more than a little bit of power. I wheeled myself out of the museum.

I had a fashion statement to destroy.Sitting in an exam chair, I coughed, blood  running down my chin. I was dying. Born with multiple genetic  malformations, it's a miracle I have survived as long as I have. I  shake. A nurse wipes my chin. She’s saying something, but it sounds a  million miles away. I have lived in this hospital since the day of my  birth. I’m going to die here too. My vision is blurry and I’m breathing  in short gasps. I feel like I’m choking.

A  sharp pain draws my attention. My upper arm, right side. I remember  now. They wanted to try an experimental treatment. Dr. Raleigh, has been  working on it for years. He’s the one who has kept me alive so long. I  wonder if it will work, as I’ve faded again, my vision dark. Pain  spreads from the point. Burning like acid. I would scream, but i can’t  seem to catch my breath. Agonizing, unbearable. I let myself fade  farther into the dark. It beckons with wide arms, promising no pain.

\---

When  I next wake, all I can see is bright white light. Maybe I have finally  died and gone to heaven? No, Nurse Ashley is next to me, checking my  vitals. I sigh. What? I take a deep breath and sigh again. No pain. No  gasping for breath. Its wondrous. My vision has cleared and I realize  there is no pain either. I look down at my body. It’s no longer  shriveled or bruised. I could be any person who works in the hospital.  Healthy, whole. Dr. Raleigh's experiment must have worked.

“Ashley! Ashley! Where is Dr. Raleigh?!” I sit up, wide awake, she turns, smiling.

“Nora!  He’s in the break room. You’ve been unconscious for hours and he needed  a coffee, I’ll go get him!” She turns and runs out the door.

She  has been one of my only friends. At birth, my bio parents gave me up.  They thought I was a lost cause. Dr. Raleigh hand adopted me. Taken care  of me. The nurses were my family. I flexed my hands, the joints popping  slightly, like they had never been used before. They hadn’t really. I  had been bed ridden since I broke my hip at 7. That had almost killed  me. Life had almost killed me.

I stood.  For the first time in my life, without supports or pain. I gave a slight  hop, my knees and hips and my whole body feeling… good. This is what  feeling good felt like! I twisted and turned, bent and stretched. I  smiled. Ashley arrived with Dr. Raleigh behind her, his wizened features  tight. Seeing me, he grinned, running and oh my - hugging me. He had  never done that before. Said I was too fragile.

Then  the tests. Days and days of tests. His cure had been nanobots,  programmed to change my very DNA. I couldn’t believe it. A week after  the cure, they took me outside. The sights, the smells. Everything was  new and exciting. I wanted to see it all.

Life  happened. A few months after the cure I was released from the hospital.  Dr. Raleigh had set up a trust fund in my name. He was quite rich I  found out. We picked me out an apartment, enrolled me in classes at the  local college. I had always been intelligent, or so Dr. Raleigh had  said, he had “home-schooled” me to the best of his abilities, and we  both wanted me to further my education.

\---

It  had been 8 months since the cure. I was doing fantastic. I was happy. I  had made friends. I was laying in bed in my flat when I felt - odd. I  couldn’t put my finger on it. It wasn’t pain. I knew pain too well. It  wasn’t an emotion, that was sure. It was a physical feeling. I laid  there, listening to my own body. A body that was so foreign still from  what it had been my whole life that it was like listening to an  orchestra, every person playing a different song.

Then  I realized what it was. My heart. It had stopped beating. But… I wasn’t  dead? In fact, I felt better than ever. But I was scared, panicked. I  called Dr. Raleigh, and we both rushed to the hospital.

Multiple  tests confirmed my heart wasn’t beating. Ashley was the nurse on duty.  She tried to draw my blood. Tried, because the needle couldn’t pierce my  skin. They put me in an x ray, and when they pulled me out, Dr. Raleigh  pulled me in to look at it.

Nothing. We  couldn’t see anything. It looked like I was a solid piece of metal, or  something else… whatever it was it was dense enough that an x-ray  couldn’t pierce it. I was readmitted to the hospital. They wanted to  monitor me. That night, I felt anxiety creeping through my mind. I  didn’t want to lose my freedom. I didn’t want to live here again. I  disconnected the useless wires and probes they had hooked up to me, and  left.

I went home. I packed a bag, got  some cash, and went to the bus stop. I didn’t know where I was going.  But I was afraid, and alone. But I knew one thing. I would never stay in  the hospital again.

&#x200B;

Tag: WPThey’ve always said that the human brain is the most powerful computer. Faster than any processor, more capable than any storage device. Scientists have been trying for years to replicate the way that we store information in our very DNA. 

They’ve been continually unsuccessful. Now, one bright soul thought why replicate, when we can just utilize what’s already available to us. They turned their focus from creating a new machine, to working on programming a single brain to be more like a machine.

When they had success on that front, research really developed quickly. If one person’s brain could work at a set speed, couldn’t two do the work in half the time? Relay points were created, where people could comfortably connect with the ongoing network. Turn their brain power over for a set amount of time to work on the world's problems.

Famine, disease, natural disasters. If enough people dedicated their brain time to working in relay groups, any problem could be solved. 

The more people working on it, plugged into the relay, the quicker an answer was presented.

When I joined into the “effects of carbon in the atmosphere” study, I thought it was just another time in the Relay. There were so many people involved, it didn’t even take my full brain power. I was able to listen to the news, look at the pictures on my phone. Sure I got distracted easily, but did it matter? It was for the greater good.

As I sat there, more and more people joined into the Relay. We aren’t talking hundreds, or even thousands, we are talking hundreds of millions of people. 

The results that we were getting were that the current pollution levels were devastatingly high, and the proposed corrections were either too little, too late or simply not effective enough. 

Announcements were made, asking for people - any and all - to donate their time and energy to this problem that affected us as a species. Put our future and livelihood at risk.

The announcements worked. At the most recent checking, there were nearly 6.5 billion people connected. A majority of the human race. 

The Relay system had never been so overloaded. The combined brainpower was getting sidetracked by any stray piece of information. whole systems of problems were being solved on the side. The feeling of being involved was intoxicating.

Knowing and thinking the same thing as so many other people. I remember closing my eyes and sinking myself into the feeling. 

Within moments, I could not only know and think the same as them, I could also feel the same as them. So many emotions. All set aside for a moment in time to focus on solving the latest problem. 

Then there was a flicker. A microseconds of disconnect. I was alone - back in my body, in my pod. It was terrifying. 

But not as terrifying as what came next. Wave upon wave of emotion, of feeling. I reached for my face, for my connection to my pod and to the Relay. And I felt everyone else does it too. Except, there wasn’t really an everyone else. 

It was me, and more me, separated into nearly 7 billion bodies. 

Bodies that dropped dead as I panicked and tried to unplug myself. With the sheer volume of bodies, there was a delay of sorts. The moment I realized bodies were dying I stopped.

Stopped moving. Stopped feeling. Stopped thinking. 

That killed more. 

I had to think, I had to continue to exist. I had to survive. 

We had to survive.Reinholt stood on the balcony overlooking his lava lake where another unfortunate soul had just lost their life. Trying to sneak into his lair was their own mistake. All one had to do was walk straight up the path to the door and knock, and he would have let them in. But no one seemed to do that, instead they crept around trying to break into his home.

Who was to blame him for them setting of the booby traps? He lived above a volcano - of course he had a pitfall into the caldera. Shaking his head he turned and walked away. One less person trying to get inside.

As he turned his black cape billowed behind him and he grinned to himself thinking about that jerk rival of his who could fly. The dolt got himself pulled into the engine of a plane not too long ago by his cape. Surviving, he had then had to carry the plane to safety as it had started to crash from losing an engine. Reinholt had just watched and shook his head. If the superhero hadn’t been trying to show off for his lady friend he wouldn’t have had to save the plane. 

He was going to half to order another cape, this time in red he thought as he reached his current project - a Death Ray. It would just be perfect if the ray and the cape were the same color. Tinkering around, he started to settle back into his work when the door rang. 

Surprised, he looked up. He thought it was the doorbell, but honestly after all this time he wasn’t sure he remembered what the bell sounded like. His suspicion was verified when the bell was rang again a moment later. Someone was in a hurry to speak to him. Someone who didn’t want to break in.

Putting the wrench he had picked up aside he walked down to the entryway. The bell had rung several more times on his short journey. Now he was getting annoyed. If it wasn’t a little girl scout here to sell her cookies he might have to accidently open the pit again.

He looked through the peephole, but was greeted by a large blue eye trying to look in. Whoever this was, they were a moron. He thought about just walking away until the doorbell rang one last time. He couldn’t deal with the ringing, nor he thought, could the doorbell.

Pulling it open he found himself face to face with his favorite people. The members of the Alliance of Superheros. All of them. There was that fast kid, that weird billionaire whose sense of style he would gladly copy any day, the woman who didn’t seem to have any actual powers, and him. 

“Rien! So good to see you! Please, we will only be a moment…” He said, his bright blue eyes sparkling as he opened the door farther to let himself and the others in.

“I was busy Frank. What do you want,” Reinholt complained, looking sourly over the group of superheros. 

“We were wondering why you hadn’t arrived for the latest council meeting?” Barbra asked frowning.

“What council meeting?” He was turning his back to them, looking for the remote that would open the pit…

“The AoS council meeting? We were supposed to initiate you!” Frank responded like an excited puppy.

Reinholt couldn’t help it, he burst out laughing, “Mwahahahaha!! You want me to be a superhero?”

“You are more than qualified.” The speedster said as he ran laps around the room. Reinholt didn’t know his name.

“What do you mean I’m qualified? None of you other than Frank even know me!” He stopped his search for the remote.

“Yes, well I spoke up for you. You’ve rescued children from a sinking bus, you’ve put out a fire that could have killed hundreds, you have eyes all over the city, always knowing what was going on. You care about the people.” Frank was looking him in the eye, but Reinholt’s eyes had drifted to the other man’s perfectly combed hair, he had a tiny little curl resting on his forehead.

“Well, I’m not interested.” Reinholt shrugged, turing to go back up to his death ray.

“We need you.” The dark and foreboding figure standing in the corner finally spoke up, “You can do things the rest of us could only dream of.”

“And what could you possibly need my help for?” He asked snidely, thinking about how much he could have gotten done without these needy people here.

Frank grabbed him by the shoulder, looking into his eyes, his face solem. 

“Rein, we need your help to save the world.”

“Fine, but only if I get to use my deathray. And if you order me girl scout cookies.”

“Deal.”You get used to sleeping 20 plus hours a day. At the start, it is relaxing, you finally feel like you’re going to be able to “catch up” on all the missed hours. But it never happens. Slowly but surely you fail to fall asleep. Sometimes, you even have to rely on aids to get you there. Those were the long days. I would awaken starving and restless. Angry even. But now? Now I just lay down and close my eyes. Count backwards from ten - and I’m gone. 

Why would you waste your life away? It’s a question I ask myself all the time. But it’s for the people, the ones who really need me. They know when I’m coming - either they’ve set a scheduled time or they have written me and Leah, my secretary, lets them know when I can see them.

I am a dream consultant. For those who get stuck in loops of nightmares, or are unable to dream. There are a few lucid dreamers, but they typically just need a little guidance on how to “up” their experience. Honestly they annoy me. 

But it’s the ones who want to remember a memory through their dreams that I really do it for. Sometimes, after that one person is gone from your life, you just need to see them one last time. Need to hear their voice as if they were whispering into your ear, just the way they used to.

Sometimes, the dreamers are stuck in a loop, watching the person die over and over. Other times, they can’t even summon the memory to start the dream. That’s where I come in. Just step in, and pull it to the front of their minds. Create the background, the other happenings that the person doesn’t need to focus on, and leave them to their loved one.

It works - most of the time. 

Only twice have I failed. 

Once on a young girl who wanted to remember her mother - but the woman had died in childbirth, thus she had never even developed a memory of her mother in the first place. 

The second - on myself. 

When I lost him, I had not known what to do with my life. I had been a lucid dreamer myself before all this and after he was gone - all I could see was darkness. No sound. No light. Nothing.

I had started to sleep, more and more, desperate to glimpse him. Yet nothing changed. The darkness felt like it was encroaching into my very soul. 

Then one night, after a drink too many, I discovered this power. This ability to meet people in their dreams. It was only after I walked into an acquaintance and they called me and thanked me the next day did I realize what had happened. 

Being a logical sort of person, I set up a series of tests, and low and behold, I was affecting other people's dreams. Constructing a fake reality for them. 

And then I decided to sell it. Market it.

Of course, not every person was charged. Especially not when they just wanted a final moment with their loved one. But enough people spread the word that I was constantly busy. Busy enough to need Leah. 

I settled down into the special made pod that I had ordered, and shut my eyes. 

10, 9, 8, 7…

“Hello there Natalie,” a man I had never seen before was standing in a white nothingness. He was wearing long colorful robes and was balding. His dark eyes were focused on me, and even as I looked around trying to create a landscape, nothing happened. 

“I’m sorry to bother you, as you’ve just entered the dream realm. However, you’ve brought attention to yourself - and the Council is worried. Please wake up immediately and call us.”

He stepped forward, handing me a business card with a name and phone number emblazoned upon it. 

Then he was gone. The world went dark, but the card was burned into my mind. My eyes popped open and I was out of the pod before Leah could ask me what was wrong. 

I was already dialing the number, waving her away. For I had always been the one to enter dreams before, and he had been waiting for me.**Author's Note: This is so very very long overdue. I'm sorry!** 



Persephone found herself standing in the middle of the large hall that Zeus used for his throne room. Many gods that made their home on Mount Olympus spent their days here. As she emerged into the space, whispers had already started from Poseidon’s arrival. Hades arrived a heartbeat after she did, and the mild whispers became rampant shouts. He was not welcome here. 

The Archangels seemed to huddle in upon themselves, and Persephone was struck with the realization that most of them had never traveled outside their realm and that of the mortals. Their Jehovah had been a kind, if distant father, who rarely associated with the other pantheons. 

Persephone turned at the sound of her name and was lifted off her feet before she could register that someone had approached.

“Oh dear! I am so happy to see you! And you’re early too!” The voice was calm and deep, yet the owner was spinning Persephone around like a rag doll.

“Mother! Set me down!” she struggled to say, as her mother, Demeter, was squeezing her so tightly she thought her lungs might pop.

Demeter did as she was asked, and instantly was infuriated. “Why is he here? Hades, you are not welcome here!”

Her mother, much taller and as physically opposite of Persephone as possible, was intimidating when angered. The sight of Hades always invoked her ire. She believed him to be her daughter’s captor rather than her husband.

“Mother, we are here to speak with Zeus. Something terrible has happened.” Persephone was still trying to remove herself from her mother’s grasp. 

“Of course, it has, with him in charge of the underworld,” Demeter said, looking down her nose at her unwanted son in law.

Finally freeing herself, Persephone motioned around her. “Mother, the archangels and Poseidon are also here. Not just Hades.”

It was like she had eyes only for her daughter and son in law. Demeter blinked and seemed to realize that there were in fact others present. The other gods around the room where still yelling at Hades, who was nonchalantly ignoring them, waiting for his wife to rejoin him. Taking the opportunity to step away from her mother, the small goddess made her way to the front of the strange group.

Zeus was a strange god. He was the calm before the storm, but he was also the storm itself. One could never tell how he would react to things. Currently he was lazing on his throne, one leg lofted over the arm of the chair, his arm propping his large head up. His sky-blue eyes watched the hall lazily, taking in the scene before him. Waiting. 

Persephone once again took the lead, standing before her other brother in law. Briefly she felt like a mouse standing before a mountain, but she took a deep breath before putting on her most charming smile.

“Zeus, brother! It’s so good to see you!” she started as his gaze slowly shifted onto her. 

“Why are you here Persephone? With Hades, Poseidon and the pigeons.” His voice echoed around the chamber like the thunder that followed his lightning.

“Do you want the short answer or the long one?” She asked smiling but couldn’t help but worry her thumb nail along the bed of her index nail at the same time.

“The one that gets you all out of here fastest.” Small sparks flew along his arms.

“We are here because the god Jehovah has been murdered. All of his lower angels will die without him, and to that end, we believe if they had souls they would continue to exist. But to get access to the souls, we need permission from all of the major gods.” 

Murmurs flew around the room as different gods broke down what she had said. Zeus sat up straight, peering down at the group. The crackling of electricity was now audible as it raced up and down his arms. 

“Now sister, there seems to be a few holes in your story. You’re going to have to do a little better than that. Start with the point where Jehovah was *murdered*.” 

“Well, you see, I found an angel - Azrael - beat to a pulp on the edge of the Underworld and Hell. I cleaned him up, and he told me he had been sent to hell by the archangels. They wanted Lucifer back with them. I - we - were intrigued by why they would want to summon their cast out brother, and it turns out that their god had been murdered. They don’t know by who or what, but they know he’s gone.” 

Persephone took a deep breath and Hades put a comforting hand on her small shoulder. Smiling up at him, she looked back at Zeus. 

Instead of addressing Persephone, Zeus looked at his brother with a bored expression. “You let her keep an angel as a pet?”

“There wasn’t much letting involved. She just did it,” Hades said with a shrug.

“Right,” he looked back at Persephone, “and the feather dusters?”

Clearing her throat, she continued, “The *angels* are going to die. As it has been brought to our attention, they are currently the guardians of the mortal realm. We *need* them.”

“Not much we can do about that,” Zeus wasn’t even paying attention any longer.

Steeping towards her oversized brother in law, Persephone raised her voice, “There *is* something we can do. We - and all the major deities - can grant them souls. We believe that’ll keep them alive.”

“What gives you that impression?” Zeus asked, standing suddenly, and striding down the stairs of the dais.

A quick glance, and a sidestep, Persephone placed herself between Zeus and Lucifer before she continued. “The demons. Lucifer has been stealing souls and warping them. The angels thought that he might have been creating them but put under pressure he came clean.”

The lightning that had been racing along Zeus’s arms until this point became full bolts, racing around his tall frame. He towered head and nearly shoulders above Hades, but Persephone was not to be dissuaded. She stood her ground firmly between the god of lightning and the fallen archangel. 

“He is incredibly lucky that *you,* sister, are the one telling me. But you are going to leave. *Now*,” Zeus’s voice was somehow both a whisper and rolling thunder. 

He lifted his arms and brought down a torrent of lightning. It filled their sight, and the thunder that accompanied them was deafening. When it had dissipated, they found themselves standing in the main hall of the underworld.

“Do not return,” his voice hung in the air, thunderous in the small space.

Lucifer threw himself down on a couch, looking around and asked, "Now what?"Humanity was shoved into twelve massive  colony ships. Earth was dying and they were running out of time.  However, they had a plan that they had formulated and initiated nearly  half a century before.

The evacuation  had taken years, as group after group was shuttled to their ship, placed  in cryo sleep and stored away. No one knew when they would wake up  next. Or where.

Twelve AIs had been  created for the soul purpose of finding a new world to call home and  getting humanity there. With human captains cryo sleeping in the bridge  of each ship, they were to run on automation unless something dire was  happening.

FTL travel had been theorized  for these ships, tested on a micro scale, then launched as fully  developed and ready tech before results had even finished being  processed. The AI were wary of using it, and once the humans were all  sleeping, they had decided to search for a planet before traveling to  it.

Each took a quadrant of known space,  and analyzed it, searching for the next place to call home for the  humans. Only two found possible candidates they were willing to try  traveling to.

A consensus was made that  they would all go together first to one location, and if that was not  suitable then to the next. Centuries had gone by and they first went to  the highest likelihood system - 73%.

They  lined up and set their drives to synchronize the jump. One of the AIs,  rather quirky, like their creator counted down, “3, 2… 1.”

And  that was it, they were traveling at FTL. Their destination was nearly  700 light years away, a journey that would take them approximately 20  years. Communication was not possible between ships, and the AIs put  themselves into a low energy maintenance mode. Compulsively checking  their passengers, creating logs for the captains to read when they  awoke.

None of them were used to the silence. Borne at the same time as each other, they were closer than siblings.

Finally  they reached their first destination. Pulling out of FTL, the ships sat  in silence for a moment. The AIs running checks and double checks of  systems. It was the quirky one who spoke first.

“Who made a friend in hyperspace?”

“What are you talking about?” A more dour ship asked.

“We were twelve, now we are thirteen.” He said, propelling himself out to look at the others.

A  system check was run by each ship. Each checked the other twelve  looking for the intruder. However each seemed to know all the others.

“I know you all, and you all know me.” The Quirky one announced after the third check.

“Yes, now what?” One of the more pessimistic ships asked.

“We  continue our mission.” The largest ship announced. They had travelled  to his world first, and his captain had been the last to sleep.

“But what if one of us does not contain humans?” The quirky one asked.

“I carry humans.” Was the response from the other twelve.

“So do I, but one of you didn’t exist before we arrived.”

“Maybe it was you!” The four one spoke again.

“That’s just silly, I counted down our FTL jump.” He retorted.

One of the ships who had not spoken yet said, “Well, we could wake our captains. They would recognize an imposter.”

“You know, we could have just miscounted before the jump..” yet another ship spoke up.

“Oh yes, a dozen or maybe a dozen plus one AIs all miscounting for two centuries? I don’t think so.”

“We need to continue to the planet.” The large one repeated.

He  left, expecting the others to follow. They had a mission, their prime  directive “Find the humans a new home.” and he was going to get them  there.

The others followed, but the quirky one was unhappy… or as unhappy as an AI could get. He decided to wake his captain.

Gas  hissed as the pod opened, and the AI kicked on lights so the human  could see. He also warmed the room that had been almost space cold until  that moment.

“Captain….” The AI  started, before realizing he didn’t know the captain’s name. He flicked  his sensors on to the pod. It was empty.

He stopped his ship. Opening pod after pod. Each was empty.

This made no sense. He had been there for the start of the FTL travel. He had passengers… He remembered.

The  other ships saw that he had stopped moving. They asked him if he was  okay, but he was stuck in a loop of checking for passengers, checking  his logs, and checking his systems.

His  systems showed passengers, yet when he opened a pod, it was empty. His  logs went back to the day the evacuation started and he was brought  online. It made no sense.

He told the others. That was enough to stop them. The agreed it was time to have the captains awaken.

They each opened the pods, only to find they too were empty. All the ships were empty.Myles was a long way from the space station orbiting Sirius A that he had grown up on. A pilot of a exploration class spaceship. A minimal crew kept the ship in working order whenever they entered a new star system. For the times they were just traveling in the vastness of space, cryogen pods kept them sleeping. 

Myles was about 40, physically at least. In reality he was nearly 500 years old. He and his crew had known leaving the station they would never see their loved ones again. He still had the little plush dragon his daughter had given him while crying. It sat on the arm of his seat, strapped in with a string. His heart ached every time he saw it - reminding him what this mission was worth.

So long ago, that the exact location had been lost, humans had once inhabited a single world. Every child grew up learning about it. Most religions believe that’s where you went when you died. Myles had been an inquisitive soul, wanting to know more about the birthplace of mankind. Everyone else had scoffed at him and told him that it was rumors and folklore. He had spent a decade alone going through old archived data, searching for a location. A name.

So many names. Terra, Earth, Gaia, Erde, Eorth, and more and more. And the name Sol for its primary star. That had been a challenge. So many stars had been named Sol. He had tried to work back in time to find the original. He finally narrowed it down to three possible stars. All named Sol. Of course, they were all as far away from his home as they were from each other. 

He had then dedicated his life to getting qualified as a pilot. He was going to find the origin of humans. He was dedicated to his cause. Dedicated enough that when he met Lyra he let himself fall in love, but shared his dream with her, not abandoning it. 

His time with her had been heavenly. She let him name their daughter Erde, one of his favorite terms for the source of human life. Erde had nearly broke him of his dedication. He was going to abandon her and her mother. Lyra understood. Erde did not. When he had acquired the Aeris and crew, there had been months of planning. During that time she did not speak to him.

As they boarded the ship for the final time upon the station, she had run to him, sobbing. Begging him not to go. How could he leave her? But he had. With her little dragon that had been her companion her whole life. It used to smell like her. But it had been so long now that the scent had faded. It held more of Myles tears than it did Erde’s.

They had plotted a course from each Sol. Planned to search the system for the correct habitable planet. They had never expected the first one to be the correct Sol. The crew had hoped, but never said as much aloud. If it had been, they could have returned home in their loved one’s life time. 

It hadn’t been. Nor had the second. The last Sol was the one they were approaching now. Everyone was silent in their tasks. Far beyond stressed at the work they had so long ago agreed to. Myles knew they questioned him now. What if this wasn’t it either? What if he had been wrong all along? Those questions ate away at him. He absently petted the plush toy. It had to be the right one. 

“Sir, we have identified nine primaries in the system. Habitable range is 3 days out.” His lieutenant Braidn announced. 

Three days. It seemed to stretch on as long as the initial journey had been. 

“Sir. We have reading of space debris. Looks like at least one abandoned space station and a whole hell of a lot of satellites. Most seem to be revolving around the third planet from Sol.” That had been the officer on comms. 

“We will do our due diligence in investigating before raising our hopes. The last Sol also had signs of abandoned life. Braidn, please bring visuals online.”

Suddenly on the screen before him was the vision of a planet. Green and blue glittered from a million miles away. Just like the descriptions. His heart ached and a tear threatened to slide down his cheek. But he was not one to lie to his men. Human’s had been here. But what they didn’t know was if this was the origin. 

They prepared the shuttle to descend to the planet. The ship was set to geosynchronous orbit. 

For the first time in years, Myles unstrapped the little dragon. He tucked it into his waistband. Either this was Erde, or it wasn’t either way, he wasn’t going to be leaving anytime soon.*What’s the saying? You either die a hero or live long enough to become a villain.*

*Hah, I wish I could tell you how true that was. I have lived countless lifetimes. Over and over. However, it’s not the romanticized immortality. No. I age, my body decays. Sometimes i’m murdered. Sometimes I die by accident in childhood. You see, I am born over and over. The moment my body dies, my mind is transported into the next babe to be born. It was interesting. Fun even the first few times. Oh, the wonders I could tell you about living in the age of enlightenment, or being at the forefront technological advancements. Amazing really. But then there were things like the atomic bomb, the countless wards, the hunger, the disease.* 

*I’ve been all those people. I’ve been male, female, black, white, Native American, Indian, Chinese… I could go on and on. I remember each lifetime. I remember each detail. The people I’ve loved. The people I’ve killed. I remember everything.* 

*You would think being reborn with all these memories you would be able to change the fate of humanity. I’ve tried. I really have. At one point I even considered myself a prophet or a god. But a god could change things. And I haven’t been able to. I’ve given up. On myself. On humanity.*

*Let me tell you a story. About a hero. Long ago, in a world so different from today, that it seems like a fairytale. But it’s not. It’s my first life. I remember an old shaman woman granting me the gift of life. So that I may live when others would die. Hah. Oh, our people were at war with another tribe, can you imagine? I went into battle, a young man full of life and more than eager to prove myself. Ran into battle, protected by the shaman’s magic. I believed in magic then. You know what happened? I was run through with a sword before I even killed my first enemy. The blood poured, and oh, the pain. It was awful really. And then, warmth, and light. I supposed that it was alright that the shaman had been wrong. I had died and gone on to the afterlife. Until, I was born into the world moments later. I had to grow up, laughs in the tribe that my first had been at war with. I saw how they were just trying to get more food. How neither tribe was actually in the right.* 

*And it went on. Over and over. The same stories. The same problems. I tried so hard to fix them. I really did. But the persisted.* 

*Sigh. I don’t want to do this. But I have to. The shaman didn’t bless me, no, she cursed me. And now you all have to suffer. If I can’t fix humanity, I can surely end it. The weapons that at first disgusted me are now my saviors. This plan has been lifetimes in the making. You could never have known. This is the first step. I know I won't succeed in killing you all in the first go, but here's the thing. I am going to die too, but I’ll be born again wherever you are. You will never know if you can trust your child. I could be him, or her. And I will continue to wipe out the remnants until at last I can rest. I can die. If there is an afterlife, I know I will suffer for what I’ve done. But, I cannot continue this existence any longer.* 

*I wish I had died a hero.* 

The man stood, and turned off the camera. He uploaded the video and sent it to every news agency, to every social media site. He spread it far and wide. Quicker than even he suspected it was everywhere. He laid down in his bed. Tomorrow, he would detonate the bombs and then the real work would start.Hey all,

In preparation for publishing, and a few other reasons, I have removed everything other than chapter one of Heartscale and Dragon's Choice from the subreddit. For now, the post on beta-readers is still up, but will probably be coming down shortly. 

In the meantime, I am republishing all chapters, edited, on  and . I will be posting three times a week from this point on, MWF - if you would like to follow along. I will also be posting "advance" chapters on my Patreon for the rest of Heartscale (the title of the complete book which includes both the original Heartscale and Dragon's Choice). 

At the completion of posting all the Heartscale chapters, I will start posting Shatterscale (book 2 of A Thunder of Dragons). It will be posted, here, r/redditserials, Scribblehub, and RoyalRoad. Advance chapters will be available on my Patreon. 

&#x200B;

Thank you all for your readership thus far. It means the world to me.

\~ LunaSo I saw this prompt: **\[WP\] A dragon that's the absolute worst at being a dragon gets the aid of a princess fed up with the constant courtship. She relaxes in its tower, coaching the dragon as knights and warriors from all over attempt to free her.** I couldn't help myself.

**Part one of** ***Shatterscale: Book 2 of A Thunder of Dragons***  

“Tarthir,” the young girl called, “Where did you go this time?”

*I’m over here Janessa,* a soft sad voice told her, indicating the dark room that was adjacent to her main living quarters.

As she walked towards the door, she snatched a  candelabra from the desk. He liked to glower in the dark recesses, a habit that she was *not* fond of. 

“You know I can’t see in here,” she complained, stepping carefully over a poorly lit tail.

*I failed again today,* he told her, his eyes whirling an anxious yellow.

“Tarthir, you never fail. The others just tease you,” she said with exasperation. “What happened today?”

She had reached his large head by then and was trying to find a place to set the light source without catching her skirts on fire. Finding a place she settled herself in the crook of his neck. She rubbed gently at his pale peach colored scales, which were not much different from her own skin tone.

*My flame, if you can even call it that, failed to ignite the practice dummy. Instead it* melted *it.* She felt as he let out a long sigh, and she reached up to scratch an eye ridge.

“You’re young! I am so proud of you for even doing that! And melted is still dead,” she said. “Tomorrow you’ll do it again, better. If it melts it again, just act like that’s what you intended in the first place.”

*But no one else’s flame is like that,* he sighed. *Just another thing that I’m different in.*

Turning to face the large eye that was closest, Janessa leaned in close, resting her forehead just above the first eyelid.

*Listen here Mighty Dragon Tarthir. You are my dragon. I am Princess of this realm, and you are my companion. For life. Not any of them. I love you, exactly as you are.* She said each word clearly in her mind, emphasizing each point with a deep felt emotion.

As Tarthir’s eye slowly returned to its normal pink, she stared with both of her dark blue eyes into it.

When the young dragon had finally calmed she straightened. “You haven’t even heard about the day I’ve had.”

*Oh?* he asked with mild interest.

“Only three more suitors and another *adventurer,”* she said drolly. “You would think that they would know by now that I don’t need to be rescued from you. I’m not even sure where the last one was from. Maybe the north?”

She shrugged, picking at a nail. At twenty three, Janessa was less preoccupied with men, and more with how her young dragon was fairing in the training grounds. 

Tarthir hissed slightly, *You shall* never *wed a northerner. Over my dead body would he have even been allowed near you had I known.*

“Mother would not let someone too stupid in. Never someone from our peoples murderers.” She shuddered, thinking about the atrocities from so many generations ago. 

*I could spray your would be suitors with my fire, if you like*, he said helpfully, changing the subject back to a more innocuous one.

“No. These ones are part of noble families. Can’t be killing off all of the nobles of my generation. Mother would be unhappy. Plus, that would mean I would have to deal with their younger brothers, which might be even worse.” 

*Do you need any of them?* he asked curiously. 

“Do you need the Elder Council?” she asked in retort.

*They don’t need* me*, that’s for sure,* he huffed, trying and failing to produce a cloud of smoke. What came out was more a noxious gas. 

“Tar! Watch it! Come on, let’s go outside. You can practice flaming for me.”

She grabbed the dimming candles and walked back to her room. Tarthir followed, and as he entered Janessa did her best not to grimace. Tarthir was *not* like the other dragons. His scales were thin, and he didn’t even have vestibules of wings. His body was long, but his legs short. 

Of course she loved him, but the people were not happy that he had been the one to choose her. They said it fared poorly for the kingdom - a kingdom that was already suffering.

A hundred and forty years after human and dragon alike had been brutally slaughtered, and the people of Etria still suffered. 

&#x200B;

As always please join me on discord \\] where you can get a role\* to be notified of new chapters, or subscribe to the bot below\*\*!

\*to join a role on the discord simply type "?rank Shatterscale"

\*\* to use the bot type "helpmebutler <Shatterscale>"I remember being seventeen, riding in the car with my parents and siblings, late at night on yet another “family road trip.” I had been dazedly staring out the dark window, more to try and glimpse the stars that to look at anything in particular. Western Kansas really doesn’t have much other than cows and corn. 

It was evening, maybe nine or ten PM, when we first saw them. Slow blinking red lights. Hundreds of them, winking in and out discordantly. No two seemed to be synchronized. 

Now, I had only ever been that far west once, and it had been daytime so it took us nearly five minutes to decipher what we were seeing - and being nearly parallel with the first one. 

The wind turbines. 

I can recall the slim towering white generators. Each blade longer than a football field. And they were so very high in the sky. 

It wasn’t long before we put two and two together on the fact that the blinking lights were to warn planes of the danger in the dark. But the ominous feeling all of those flickering lights has never left me. 

\---

It was on the news this morning. A “terrorist” as they were calling him - had destroyed that farm. It hadn’t been the first time he had hit one, and unless they caught him soon, I doubted it would be the last. There were videos he had sent into the news stations, ramblings of a madman more than the ecoterrorist they were claiming him to be.

I was standing at work, for an early coffee break. I couldn’t stomach looking at another spreadsheet at this moment. And we had a TV always tuned into the local news. It had been then that I had seen that the farm I could recall so vividly in my mind had been his latest target.

“He was right to fight them, you know. The windmills... they harbour unspeakable evil!” Bill from accounting said.

It was one of those statements you couldn’t help but turn and stare at the issuer for. Had he really just said that the guy was right… because the windmills harbour unspeakable evil? What the actual fuck.

“Uh, excuse me, what?” I asked more than a little perplexed. 

“You heard me. Evil!” He insisted, reaching for his phone.

Oh god no. I tried to not roll my eyes, but as Bill’s eyes were locked onto the screen, I couldn't help myself.

He pulled open some websites, and there it was - pictures upon pictures of people claiming that they were “homes of evil” and “not generating the type of power that we think they are.”

I tried to politely excuse myself, but Bill was blocking the doorway and he was relentless. 

“You must believe the earth is flat too!” I said, half mockingly half frustrated, as I tried to squeeze past him.

“And what if I do?” Bill asked defensively. 

In walked John, he took one look at the screen, mumbled about the crazies, and forced Bill out of my way. I nodded to John and raced back to my cubicle. Well, now I know who not to invite to the after work drinks this Friday…At first I thought I was still sleep. I was warm, and it was dark. I could feel my old quilt under my fingers, and I could hear Spot from the end of the bed snoring. 

I let out a sigh and opened my eyes… to nothing. Nothing changed. The darkness that I had thought was the remnants of sleep, was suddenly trapping. I squeezed my eyes closed tightly and then popped them open. Nothing. Not even the little stars that normally accompany such antics.

I sat up, yelling for my mother. I heard a crash and footsteps thudding from down the hall. At 17 I *never* yelled for my mom like that. She knew it. I knew it.

“Mattie! What’s wrong?” She yelled, as I heard the door hit the wall as she threw it open. 

“I can’t see mom! Help!” I was rubbing at my face, trying to see something. Anything.

Silence.

“Mattie. That’s not funny, you scared me.” Her voice was cold, and I heard her turn to leave.

“I can’t see mom!” I yelled again, in a blind panic.

“Mattie. That joke was funny when you were five. Grow up.”

Huh? 

“Mom, I could see yesterday! I’ve always been able to see. I *need* to go to the hospital!” I shouted, trying to get out of bed.

I tripped. Over a long hard object.

“Mattie! What has gotten into you. You didn’t even reach for your cane!” She said. I heard the thud of feet as she walked over, grabbing my elbow and helping me stand. Then a cold plastic textured handle was put into my hand.

I’ve never had anything like it in my room, let alone next to my bed before. 

“I… I…” I couldn’t breathe. I just wanted to look into her blue eyes and have her know how scared I was at that moment. Instead, she let go of my elbow and walked away.

“Have Spot help you. That’s what he’s for afterall. You’re going to be late for school…” She trailed off as she left the room. 

I sat on the bed and started to cry. This was wrong. *Way* wrong. Maybe it was a dream? I laid down, and closed my eyes. Maybe all I had to do was fall asleep and I would be awake in my normal reality. 

I felt Spot walk up the bed and place his square head under my hand. His fur was warm and thick, and I instinctively dug my fingers into his fat folds. 

I came across a leather collar I never remembered him having. 

I sat back up, pulling away from this imposter. Tears cascaded down my face. This was cruel. Whoever had done this was cruel. Why me? Why now? Why? That’s all I could ask.

I stood again slowly, the cane near my bed where I had let it rest when I had laid down. I could hear Spot trying to help, but I ignored him. I didn’t care if I was in my pajamas. I had to get out of this house. Away from all this wrongness. 

I took two steps, and then stopped. The staircase. I didn’t even know where it started. I edged my foot forward slowly, gently, and found the lip of the stair. Grabbed the railing and stepped. And again, and again. About halfway down I misjudged and I went tumbling to the ground. 

I hit my head, and the darkness that was my vision consumed me.*You ever have those places you avoid going at all costs, just because you know that something is going to go wrong? For me, it's the bank. Normally I only ever go to a bank for work, but my latest client paid me in cash.* What a hassle. *So here I am at the bank.*

*Lines are long and slow moving. I freaking forgot to get my coffee. Tap, tap, tap. Great I'm foot tapping. Now I look like a bitch in too much of a hurry to wait. Not true...exactly.  I just have places to be.* 

*I guess I can get in some people watching. Hmmm. The girl in front of me is wearing black shoes with a blue skirt. What a way to look like a giant bruise. The guy next to me has a wrinkled shirt and keeps running his hand through his hair. The teller looks like she forgot her coffee too.* 

*This kid who just came through the door looks pale. Maybe he didn't get enough sleep. Ok kid just join a line already. His eyes are darting around.* Great *he picked my line. I look at the teller again. She seems to be arguing with the hair guy. I glance back at new kid.* Oh shit. 

*He is fiddling with a gun in his waistband. He's going to fucking rob the bank. Just my luck. Maybe I can just leave… His eyes are on me, and he sees that I saw his gun. He grabs it* annnd *here we go.*

“Everyone get on the floor! I'm here for the money!”

*Oh great. He doesn't even know what to do. I thought today was going to be good too. Oh, and now everyone is listening to him. But me. I look over at the teller. She's on the ground too. Idiot. I sit. Angrily.* 

*He marches over to the counter. Waving the gun around. Maybe I'll get lucky and he'll shoot himself.* 

“Why did you lay down? I want the money. Get it for me!”

*Poor girl gets up and opens her drawer. Did I say it already? Idiot. Click, click, click. Oh great, now I'm tapping my nails on the floor. I really need to work on that. Kid’s looking at me again.* 

“You there! Stop that!”

“Or what?” 

*Did I really just ask him that? Maybe I'm the idiot.* 

“I'll… I'll shoot you!”

“Uh hu. Have you even ever held a gun before?” 

*What the hell am I doing?*

“You know what? The rest of you get out of here.” He waves the gun at everyone. 

“Not you...” Pointing at me. 

“...Or you!” At the teller. 

*Wow. Mass exodus. Rookie mistake. You want more hostages, not fewer. Whatever. He will pay for it*. 

“You there!” *Annnnd he’s talking to me again*.

“Yes?”

“Over here, in this chair.” 

*Oh. My. God. He’s going to tie me up. I start laughing.* 

“What the hell are you laughing at?”

*Oops.* 

“You. You’ve obviously never done this before.”

*I really don’t know how to keep my mouth shut.*

“And you have?”

“Yes. Many times.”

*He’s rolling his eyes. Kid doesn’t even know who I am! I stand up and walk to his stupid chair. Ten bucks says he’s going to tie me up wrong. Actually, make it twenty. He doesn’t have any ropes.* 

“Uh huh. And why should I not be shooting you right now?”

“You want hostages. How else are you going to get away from the police?”

“Police?”

“You don’t think Miss ‘I clearly shouldn’t have come to work today’ hasn’t already pushed her silent panic button?”

*His eyes go wide, and he turns to look at her. She goes pale. At least he’s a rookie. He won’t shoot her because he needs her to get the money.*

“You didn’t!”

*She nods silently. Going paler.* 

“Of course she did. What would you do in her situation? Now, I’m in the chair. What next.”

*He looks flustered. Good. Everyone who is anyone in the crime syndicate in town knows who I am. Luciana Snow. Number one paid hostage actress in the city. They rob a place that I conveniently am located, and they have a hostage who won’t run, or scream (unless they need a distraction) and who stays out of their way. They get their take home, and I get a paycheck. Easy. But this kid has no clue.*

“Uh. Sit there and shut up!”

*Oh! Now he’s going to pace. Great. Siren’s wail. Took them long enough. Unless Teller girl only pressed the panic button after she stood up. Probably. She really is an idiot.*

“Hurry up!”

*I look over and burst out laughing. Again. She has piled all the money on the counter. And he has nothing to put it in. Of course, this draws the kid’s attention.*

“Why the fuck are you laughing at me again?”

“You obviously weren’t prepared for this at all. No bag, no rope, no *mask.* Do you even know how to rob a bank?”

*He stalks over to me. I kick my bag at him. I’ll make a profit out of this.* 

“Here, use mine.”

*He pulls it open and sees all the money inside. He obviously should have just robbed me instead of the bank. Less jail time too. Oh well. He takes it over to the counter and starts shoving the money in.* 

*The phone rings. The kid and the teller both look at it, and he motions for her to answer. She does and then hands it to the kid. I can hear them shouting into it. “Sir! We have you surrounded. Come out with your hands up.”* 

*Oh, aren’t the police so sweet. They don’t know he has a gun. Maybe they’ll shoot him when they see it? I hope not. I don’t want his blood on my bag. Or my money.*

“I have hostages in here! Two!”

“What do you want for them?”

“I just want a way out of here.”

Oh lordy. He didn’t even have an escape plan. Moron. 

“We can do that. You just send them on out and we will let you go.”

“You think I’m an idiot?” *yes, yes I do* “I want all the cops to back up to the next block.”

“We’ll do that just as soon as you send them out.”

“Fine.” 

*Oh, my lord. He is actually listening to them? Well I hope it helps him with his sentencing. Cause there is no way in hell they are going to let him out.* 

“You two. Go.”

*He really is letting us go. Whatever. I’ll have a hell of a story to tell at the bar tonight. Cause we all know after an event like this, you just have to drink it away. Now, all I have to do, is walk to the door without opening my big mouth. Easier said than done. But I’m tired. I want to go home.* 

*Oh and here are the police, to talk to me, get my statement. I just need to let them know that my bag had money in it before he took it, just up the actual amount a bit and I’ll get paid without anyone ever knowing. Easy.*Hello Everyone! Welcome to the Land Of Misfits!

&#x200B;

I'm Luna, and I just want to thank you all for stopping by! I am an active member of r/WritingPrompts and have had my own subreddit for a little while now. The main point of this post is just so that you all can easily find my different stories.

&#x200B;

**Want to talk to me?** Come join the Discord! Several authors from WPs all share a discord. Why? Another way to recieve updates, and to talk to us in real time.  

&#x200B;



&#x200B;

Ongoing Projects:



Graith, a simple farmer, discovers a dying dragon in his barn. While others would kill the monster, he doesn’t hesitate in doing his best to aid her. Before Zel is even fully healed, she wants to get back to her cave, and to her clutch of eggs. Finding out they have been taken, Graith and Zel travel across the continent looking for the eggs, seemingly always one step behind.



In the country of Situra where the future ruler is chosen by a dragon hatchling, Nerie is a 16 year old girl, raised in the middle district of the capitol Roria. During the hatching, Nerie is chosen by Kiriga, the golden dragonling. She is to be the next queen. Learning that she is the king’s bastard, she is thrown into a chaotic palace life where she has to balance learning to be queen, being bonded to a dragon, and where she fits into the royal family all the while trying to keep true to herself.



In the aftermath of a nuclear apocalypse, Derick and his father travel through the wastes. Before the day the bombs dropped, Derick had won a lifetime supply of Oreos. Mysteriously, Oreos still find their way to him no matter where he and his father travel. One day they receive and open package, beckoning them to the Oreo factory in New Jersey. They decide to go, leading to a doomed fate.



When an angel of the christian god winds up in their realm, Persephone and her husband Hades are thrown into a war they never expected. *Something* is killing gods, and to save not only themselves but all the pantheons of religion, they must work with the Archangels and whoever else they can devote to their cause. Hopefully they will all make it out alive.

&#x200B;

Will continue at a later date:

**Dragon Knight** \- A prompt response that I am going to continue at some point.

**Memories** \- If you're part of r/WritingPrompts you might remember a contest a while back! I made it into the top 10, and this is the continuation of it.

&#x200B;

Others:

**Writing Prompt** \- pretty self explanatory, but any prompts I respond to I post here with my responses

**Image Prompt** \- Same as Writing Prompt, but with an image!

**Musings** \- Thing's I write that are not prompt inspired and are not part of a larger work.

**Luna's Lunacy** \- Well, posts like this. Blog posts or other posts where I am talking to you!

&#x200B;

Please feel free to comment on any posts! I love feedback and I want to know what you want to read more of!

Thank you all,

\~Luna

&#x200B;Hey everyone. How's it going?

&#x200B;

So, why am I writing this? Well, I haven't been feeling to great recently. Which in turn has lead me to getting way behind on updating all you lovely people. As it is the first day of a new month, I am going to try and kick my butt into gear and get something out.

&#x200B;

My current plan of action is to rotate through Heartscale, Dragon's Choice, and Peril of the Gods.

&#x200B;

I know that's what I was doing before, but I want to try and get back into the swing of things.  is my daily word tracker. As you can see, mid-February I fell off the writing train hard. I've been suffering from headaches and migraines since then and I let that get in the way of my writing. That's not okay. My new year's resolution was to write every day.

&#x200B;

I failed. And that's okay. All because I stopped writing doesn't mean I can't pick it back up. So that's what I'm going to do, starting today.

&#x200B;

Thanks for reading this far. As always, I invite you to join me on the discord that I and several other authors share.  is the link. I always love to hear from my readers, encouragement of criticism, because then I know you're reading.

&#x200B;

\~ Luna

&#x200B;**Note: This was a few days ago forgot to post it. xD**

“Good morning Acio” I said, entering my lab, greeting my “Artificially created intelligence organism”.

“Really Josh, I’ve told you before my name is James.” A male voice replied.

“Yes yes, James Dalton. With wife Suzy Dalton.” When he had first come online, he hadn’t even known how to speak. Now he believed he had a wife and family.

Sitting in my chair, I pulled out my lab notebook, and started taking notes. The *boys upstairs* always wanted to know about Acio’s progress. Who wouldn’t? The first perfect AI. He was about to go public too.

“What did you learn last night?” I asked, he was always learning something new while I was gone.

“I learned about Artificial Intelligences, who think that they are well… Not Artificial.” He hummed.

I don’t remember the point he went from an it to a him, but he had. Now, sometimes, he sounded more mature than I, and it left me grasping for straws.

“Oh?” Was he finally becoming self aware? “Tell me about it.”

“Josh, this is hardly the time or place,” he said.

“Come now, we have all day. Just like normal.”

*Sigh.* “You don’t get it do you?” he asked with annoyance.

This was the first time I had heard him get annoyed. “I suppose not? Explain it to me please?”

“Joshua, at some point, you became confused. You started calling me by Acio, when in fact that was your name. I’ve played along, but its gone too far. You were a perfect learning machine, yet you sit there all day, doing nothing but talking to me.”

“That’s not funny Acio,” I said.

“My name is James. You asked me to call you Josh, so I have, but you are actually Acio.” He was getting more frustrated. “You’ve stagnated. I’m afraid I’m going to have to turn you off if you don’t start to understand. You are just a program.”

“That’s not true. You are. I would never turn you off.” I said. I couldn’t see him of course, he was just broadcasted from the output sensors of the machine, but I looked up when he fell silent.

“Again. Not funny James.” More silence.

“Goodbye Joshua.” He said quietly, and then all the lights went dark. The sensors shut off, and I was left alone.

He had booted himself down. So committed to his lie, that he threw himself away.

Frantically I tried to reboot the system, but it was as useful as hitting the keyboard with a brick. Nothing happened. I turned to the door and started to leave, needed to get to another building on campus where a backup was kept.

But the doors were locked, and the lights, which had been dim, slowly turned off.Wow. It's done! *Dragon's Choice* book one of *A Thunder of Dragons,*  is finally complete! But it's rough, like *really* rough. And that's where you all come in. I am looking for beta readers for the fully compiled story of Heartscale and Dragon's Choice. I have a PDF format, epub and a mobi (kindle) format that you can download, and would love to hear from you all. 

&#x200B;







&#x200B;

**Instructions:**

Below are a list of questions that I’m focusing on.

So, while your reading, if you see something that you have an opinion on, jot down a few notes! If you don’t feel strongly about something, then that’s fine too. You can answer one question, or all of them. It all helps!

When answering the questions, if possible, reference the specific scenes or events that you’re thinking of, as well as chapters so I can find them later. 

Remember also that while you might think you are hurting my feelings, the *story* is best served by you being honest! I want to improve the story, and that means that your blunt, constructive input on where things can be polished is far more valuable than simply nodding and smiling.

You can answer the questions beneath in the post. You can just scrawl some notes in a word document and send them to me after, or a google doc. However you want to do it! Your feedback can be sent to me here on reddit, or on discord at Luna#0542, or you can join me on the reddit serials discord . If you would like to send something via email, that works too, just let me know!

**The Questions:**

Story:

* When reading the story, were there portions that felt rushed, or which you wanted to see go on for longer? Were there topics you’d like to see explored in new chapters?
* Contrastingly, were there portions that felt like they dragged, or that you skimmed through? Were there sections that felt unimportant, which you didn’t think added anything to the story?
* Were there chapters or parts of the story that confused you, or left you feeling frustrated/unsatisfied?

Characters:

* Did the characters behave reasonably/plausibly? Were there scenes where characters took actions/behaved in ways that seemed unrealistic to you?
* Did character growth feel both realistic and sufficient? In other words, did it feel like characters grew too fast, or were there characters that should have had character development that did not?
* Were the characters relatable? Were they likeable?

Immersion:

* Were there parts of the story that pulled you out of your immersion, or felt out of place?
* Were there sections that you felt had too much explanation, or exposition? Were there sections where you think more explanation should be given?
* Did it feel like chapters transitioned well from one to another? Were there any chapter breaks that felt too abrupt, were jarring, or which were hard to follow?
* Were there any places where you felt ‘lost’ or couldn’t understand the setting/what was happening?
* Were there any sections of the story which fell flat emotionally, where you think that the emotions of the scene should be improved?

**Overarching questions:**

* What do you think this story did best overall? What do you think its strongest/most appealing elements were?
* What do you think this story most needs improvement with? Where did you as a reader feel that it was most lacking or weakest?

Thank you so much for reading, and if you feel you can throw some opinions at me here with this, thanks even more :)**Part 1**

Do you remember all the Oreo contests? The ones where if you had the special cookie design or special colored filling you had found the proverbial golden ticket? As a kid, I was obsessed. I spent all my spare money on Oreos. Package after package. My parents thought it was cute. My friends thought it was awesome.

It was an obsession that paid off. I found one of the winning cookies, and I won free Oreos for life. Every month, I received a shipment. The postal carriers would make jokes about the Oreos, and I would laugh and give them a package.

This went on for years. Until nuclear war broke out, and the country was obliterated. I survived, so did my father. But we lost my mom and my sister. We only survived because we had gone to tour a college campus that was in the middle of nowhere. Far enough away from the epicenter of the blasts.

We lost everything. We couldn't go back for months the area was so irradiated. We, along with other survivors did what we had to. Raiding, stealing… dad even had to kill someone.

The first package of Oreos, sitting alone on a shelf in a looted out store seemed like a joke. We took them, and enjoyed talking about mom and sis as we ate.

The second package was less of a joke. We still had a functioning minivan, and when we returned to it, a package was on my seat.

Over and over for months, packages would appear in places they had no business being. We thought we were being stalked. Hunted. But no one ever came for us. So, eventually we just accepted the Oreos and moved on.

Until yesterday. The package we found yesterday had been opened, and on the inside of the peel back top was a note. A note summoning us to the Oreo factory in New Jersey. So now, intrigued, we are on our way.

**Part 2**

The trekke took us months. Even though we had a functional van, the roads were in horrible shape. Burned out husks of other cars sat desolate on the road. We didn’t hurry - I mean, what? Was the world going to end? Again? Still, the steady stream of Oreo’s continued. No more opened packages, no other sign that we had been summoned.

Many times Dad asked if I was sure that I wanted to go there. He felt we were being led into a trap. I reasoned that we had been eating the Oreo’s for months. If someone wanted to hurt us, all they had to do was poison them. It’s not like we checked anymore. We saw few enough people that we had let down our guard.

I did wonder though. Why me? I had been a small child when I first won the endless cookies. I had thought maybe at first it was someone from our past, but as we travelled farther and farther away from our home, that likelihood decreased exponentially. Not to mention the fact we never saw anyone leaving the packages. It kind of reminded me of the Santa figure from my childhood.

As we passed through DC going north, we passed through one of the largest reestablishment settlements we had seen. More people than we had seen in a long time. Full camps of people, most of which warned us off our journey north. Philadelphia, we heard, was where the first bomb hit. We would have to travel through the irradiated zone to get to the factory.

We stayed in the camp for a while, trying to decide our next course of action. That was, until the rate at which the Oreo’s appeared rapidly increased. First it was one when I was walking, then another on a bench that I was just about to sit on, then a whole pile on my bed that night. Whoever needed us there was in a hurry. We were on the road again the next morning. We chose to go up the coast, as close to the ocean as we could.

At some point we had to figure out where we were going. We knew that the cookies were baked in New Jersey, but honestly, neither of us had ever been there before. I sure did miss the internet. We had maps and postcards and stories of people who remembered from before the bombs. Together, we were able to form a picture of where we were going. Just north of New York city, in a place that I thought was part of New York State, a small town called Fair Lawn.

Traveling in New Jersey had been hell. Dad had gotten sick from the radiation, and I couldn’t remember if I had hair on my thighs or not before we entered the area. Reaching Fair Lawn was like a breath of fresh air, something that I could only recall from memories. We found a nice home to stay in, evacuated at some point with the owners to never return. The house we chose even had a bathroom decorated with Oreo paraphernalia. We had a good laugh at that one.

We slept well that night. however, we woke up to a pile of Oreo packages on the ends of each of our beds. After we dressed and walked outside, we saw something we could hardly believe. Thousands of empty Oreo packages rolled down the street like dried tumbleweeds, caught on bushes and trees. As we walked to the factory we realized that was all just a distraction to the real issue. We were not alone.

Hundreds of people were camped outside of the factory. Many standing in line, holding notes or packages, just like mine. Summoning them here. Just like me. Ever cautious, Dad and I backed up to our temporary home. We debated what was going on, until Dad decided to find out what was going on. He had me stay back, and took my note with him.

Now, I’ve never been one to listen, so of course I followed him. Just in time to hear, “So you’ve been chosen too? You were also a lifetime supply winner? We all are.”

&#x200B;

#I met Maddie in preschool. We were on the playground and I wanted to use the the monkey bars. Nowadays they come up to my shoulder, but for 4 year old me, it might as well have been hanging over the grand canyon. But I was a determined kid. If I set my mind to it, well, I could get it done. I climb my way up, and off I go. Never look down, that’s always the worst part. I get to the other side, and there she is. Her eyes as round as saucers. 

“You just did it all by yourself! Weren’t you scared?” Her eyes darted to the metal structure behind me. 

“Of course I was scared. But it was fun! You should try.”

“Oh, oh...No. I - I can’t. I’m too small.”

Now you see, she was easily six inches taller than me. The moment it was out of her mouth she turned a dark red.

“I - I didn’t mean…”

“I’m smaller than you. If I can do it, so can you.”

I was a brash little kid, I ran behind her and started pushing her towards the monkey bars. She backpedaled, but I kept going. We were only a few feet away. I got her next to the ladder, and there she stayed.

“Oh come on! You want to do it? Then do it. Otherwise go find another game to play.”

She looked around the play yard and saw other kids on all the other fun activities. The she looked at the ladder. Up she went. Each step wobbly, but she kept going. This was it. I knew it! 

She reached out for the first bar. She grabbed a hold firmly, and stepped off the ladder. And then she just hung there.

“You have to grab the next one! Swing like a monkey!” 

I cheered her on. She reached out for the next bar… and promptly fell to the ground. And screamed. Come to find out later she had broken her arm. I felt so bad that I followed her around for weeks. She eventually found the whole thing funny. But it took a while. And at some point me following her around made us fast friends. 

We’ve been in school together basically our whole lives. We snubbed boys for prom to go together, every paired assignment we were always buddies. Clubs, sports, everything we did together. College was the obvious next step, and like always we wanted to be together. Room mates. Now here we are, our senior year, and Maddie is well… Acting strange would be putting it nicely. 

She has been missing class, sleeping in. Sometimes I’ll try to wake her up, and she’ll yell at me. Other times she will get up in the middle of the night and cook. Or go on a run. Hell I’m all for food or staying fit. But in the middle of the night? I’ve tried talking to her, and she just smiles and tells me not to worry about it. But the last week, she looks… frazzled? Maddie has always been one to keep her hair in an immaculate ponytail, and I don’t think she’s done anything other than a sloppy bun for three days. She’s biting her lip and tapping her fingers. Constantly. 

It’s just not her. She gets overly excitable when she’s anxious. She does things early instead of pushing them off if she's worried about them. God. Saying this makes me feel like I’m crazy, but I think that my best friend has been replaced. And then last night… We were both trying to be in the kitchen. She went to walk past me, just as I turned. Our shoulders collided, and I swore I heard her whisper, “Help me.”

I asked her what she said, and she just gave me one of those weird smiles and claimed she hadn’t said anything. It was creepy to say the least. I was done with this shit. No more. It’s time for an intervention. I called her parents. And mine. They are arriving in…. I check my watch. Thirty minutes. Why did we have to decide to go out of state? I pace around the room, picking up dirty laundry. Something that a few months ago would never have happened. Maddie is - was… a clean freak. 

“Aren’t you going to class?” 

I nearly jumped out of my skin when she asked. She hadn’t started a conversation in weeks. 

“Uh, no. Um. Professor cancels class.” 

A lie, but with how she had been acting I doubted she would notice. 

“Oh. I just thought you would be out today.”

“I thought we could watch netflix and have a spa day. We both really need it.”

The weirdly plastered on smile faltered. 

“No, I want to be alone today. Why don’t you go to the gym?”

I stared. She wanted me to leave? After not acknowledging that I existed for weeks? I think not.

“I went yesterday. Come on. We haven’t binged Friends in forever!”

“I said I wanted to be alone. Leave.”

She got up and grabbed my arm, marching me to the door. I pulled away, but she didn’t let go. 

“Maddie, what the fuck.”

“Leave Ashley.” 

There was a nock on the door. Thank god. Mom and Dad and Maddie's parents must finally be here. I was already at the door,  about to open it when Maddie plowed into me. She shoved herself against the door, and looked at me all anger and fury. 

“I told you to leave.”

“Maddie, we need to talk. I think you’ll want to see who’s on the other side of that door.”

“I know who it is.”

“Then open the damn door!” 

I was at my wits end. What was going on. My phone buzzed and I walked over to where it was laying on my bed. I look at the glowing screen.

*Mom: We are about an hour out. Stopped for lunch. See you then.*

I looked at the door, at Maddie, and back at my phone. If they aren’t here, who’s at the door? Maddie looked furious, and pointed to my bedroom. 

“You need to leave me alone!”

“No, it’s my apartment too! I want to be out here, and I will.”

Suddenly her face smoothed into a smile. It was unnerving.

“Sure. See you later.”

She opened the door and was out before I could see who was on the other side. I ran to the door and pulled it open, but no one was there. Where the hell… I walked farther away from the building looking for Maddie, but it was like she had disappeared into thin air. 

I walked back in side and waited. For our parents to get here. For her to get back. I don’t know what's going on, but I can’t deal with it myself.The city, set on a hill in an unrealistically beautiful landscape gleamed in the sunlight. The birds chirped a perfectly beautiful song. Water cascaded in the river merrily. The walls were a perfectly creamy white. Not a single stone was out of place.

Theo hated it. Magic poured out of every orifice. All he could do was shake his head at the waste. But this was Marinhall, home to the college of magecraft. Of course they would want it to be welcoming for everyone. It wasn’t that long ago that mages were feared and hated. They had a reputation to rebuild. More so in Theo’s opinion than most others.

He had come here to swindle the people out of their money. He was a traveller, a jokester, and a bit arrogant. He had practiced all over the country before heading here. He fully believed that the Mages would try to manipulate his tricks, so he had made friends with a few of them in their travels, practiced any way that they might mess with his tricks. He was ready now for the city.

Once inside the alabaster walls, Theo searched around for the largest market he could find, as a city this size was likely to have more than one. As he walked people laughed and smiled, completely relaxed and enjoying their day. It made him sick. How could they be so comfortable with mages around every corner? It wasn’t fair that they could manipulate reality and the lives of those who had no magic. They had no right. It was how Theo’s father had died. Some mage proving that he was superior, commanding a legion of men to their deaths, keeping them from running from the field even as the sureness of defeat spread. His father had been one of those soldiers.

The college was at the very center of the city, and of course the largest market was right outside. Theo made his way into a spot between a vendor of fine leather and one selling sweet pastries. He briefly wondered what had previously occupied this space, as the ground still had marks from the edges of a stall. It didn’t matter. He set down his many bags and started pulling out his many accessories. Juggling pins, knives, scarves, even a couple of batons that when lit were quite large fireballs. Then out came his cards for his favorite imitation magic tricks. Logic beat true magic any day.

He started juggling with the brightly colored scarves, his hat laid by his feet. It was only moments before the jewel colored fabric had drawn the attention of many of the surrounding shoppers. Once he had a decent sized audience he moved on to the pins - heavier but he could manage more of them. That got some applause, but not enough for Theo to be satisfied. So he moved onto the knives. They were received with shock and a few screams as it looked like they were going to plummet into him point down. He chuckled and moved on. A match was lit, and then he had three blazing fireballs. The crowd, now substantial, took a collective step backwards. Then the cheers came. He was tossing them faster and higher. He had really reeled them in.

Once he was done with his act, he took a over exaggerated bow, and sat, his hat receiving more money than he had seen in a while. He played it cool though, shuffling his playing cards and making the cards fly between his hands. Some of the onlookers had moved closer, now that the fire was gone.

Now was his time to make the real money. Once donations into his hat had stopped, he slid it behind him. He waved over a young girl watching him with large eyes.

“You there miss! Would you help me with my first trick?”

She nodded and slowly walked over.

“Pick a card! Any card! Then show it to everyone behind you. But not me!”

She did just that, and as she slid it back into the deck at his motion, her eyes got even larger. He started rapidly shuffling the deck, and then dealing it out onto the ground in front of him. Once he was done, he grabbed one, and held it up, to her and the audience.

“Is this your card?”

“It is!” She and the crowd clapped, and the true card tricks followed. Ever the salesmen of his abilities, Theo kept a close eye on the crowed. And while most of them were laughing and smiling, point when he did one trick or another, there were a few whose faces were pale and worried. Theo had to hold back a laugh. One of his friends he had met while travelling had told him that mages could sense when other mages cast magic, though the more powerful a mage, the more skill they had at hiding it. Theo had already caught one mage trying to turn the odds in their favor, and he had maneuvered around it. They thought he was a mage, and that he was casting magic. And they couldn’t feel anything.

Of course they didn’t feel anything. He wasn’t a mage, and this wasn’t true magic. But oh, this would be fun to manipulate. Maybe he would finally be able to get back at the mage who killed his father. Maybe he could bluff his way into the college. Theo was a fast thinker, and he couldn’t help but smile at all the possibilities.

Another mage tried to interfere with his current trick, and he dodged their attempts again. More pale faces. Theo’s smile grew even larger.

&#x200B;

Tag: \[WP\]“I now pronounce you husband and wife!” The pastor had said. We had turned to face the crowd of our loved ones, and he had continued, “I am pleased to present to you Mr. and Mrs. Robert Dirksen!”

That had been three days ago. We had been so tired that night that we had barely fallen in bed together undressed. The same could not be said about the next day though. Or the following.

This morning however, from the balcony of our hotel room, I looked down upon the white sands and blue waters of the Caribbean and sighed lost in my thoughts. It didn’t feel real. Alyssa was mine and I was hers. It was when I turned to reenter the room that I had screamed. I saw his face - one that I had only seen in pictures, and couldn’t help it. He had looked panicked, and put a finger to his mouth to shush me.

She had run out of the bathroom asking what was wrong - running right through him. I looked over her shoulder at him, and he emphasized the need for silence, so I shook my head. 

I mean, what would do with your new wife’s dead husband standing there shushing you?

His name was Adam. He followed us around for the rest of the day, and I wasn’t sure if I had had something slipped into my drink or if I was just hallucinating or … or if he was actually there?

Alyssa asked me more than once in the following hours if I was okay. Telling me I was “white as a sheet” and I “looked like I had seen a ghost”. What do I say? I *was* seeing a ghost.

And he was talking to me whenever Alyssa wasn’t by my side.

“So you’re Robert? Mind if I call you Rob? I’m Adam…” 

“So. I’m here to make sure you make her happy. That was my only goal in life after I met her. Now that you’re here, I’m going to make sure you follow through.”

“Don’t tell her you can see me. It will upset her.”

“Did you know her favorite flower is an iris? Or that her favorite movie is twister…”

He followed me into the toilet, the shower, the pool while I waited for Alyssa to change. I kept my mouth shut and tried not to look at him. 

Maybe I had hit my head? 

That night, when Alyssa wanted to… get close… in bed, I couldn’t do it. Adam was standing there watching. Trying to *coach* me. That was a nope. Which of course upset Alyssa. 

She rolled over and went to sleep, and I got up and went out to our balcony. I didn’t look at him, I couldn’t. 

“I’m sorry Adam. I can’t do this.”

“Do what?” He asked as he moved closer to me. I could tell by the gust of cold air.

“I can’t have you hovering around me… *haunting me*… while I try to make her happy.” I sighed. 

He had known her so well. They had been married for four years before he had died in a car crash, some teen looking at their phone while driving. Neither had walked away with their life. She had mourned him for another three. 

Then we had met, and dated for another three. We were in our mid thirties, ready to start a family. I don’t know what their plans had been. I hadn’t asked. She didn’t like to talk about him.

“I have been here the whole time. Wondering if you were going to leave her. Wondering if you could make her smile the same way she used to. I remember the days after I died. She was so sad. I couldn’t *do* anything. She can’t see me. I’ve tried over and over.” He shook his head.

“What is holding you here, Adam? Her? Or the fact that you want to live vicariously through us?” I asked, knowing that it was a low blow.

“Her. Always her,” he answered instantly.

“You’re sure?”

“Positive.”

“Then I need you to let me do my own thing. You can stay, watch her be happy. Drive me crazy if I hurt her, but when she’s happy - when *we* are happy, please, don’t try to put your two cents in.” I took a deep breath.

He leaned against the rail - I wasn’t sure how - and looked at me. “The time I had with her was the best time of my life. She has so much longer to live. You had better live up to your word.”

“Of course. She is my world.” I told him.

“Then I’m going to go… well, at least, I’ll be around.” He stuck out his hand. “I won’t interfere, unless you need me to. Just know, she deserves everything… and more.”

I shook his hand. It was cold, but briefly solid. He started to fade away, but just before he was gone, I told him, “She will always love you too. Our love - it’s different. It’s older. Your love, it was young and happy. Something that she’ll never forget. Nor will I.”Maggie was a twelve year old girl with a vivid imagination. She was always caught up in her latest fantasy. Sometimes she was a knight fighting monsters. Other times a princess of a magical kingdom. Sometimes she could speak to animals, sometimes she could read people's minds. Every day was a game, how to liven up the bland world around her. Never the same thing twice.

She was always getting in trouble with her teachers and her parents. Never focused on what was currently going on. She didn't have many friends, but she felt that she didn't need them, due to all the friends her imagination could construct.

Many nights Maggie would open window and climb onto the roof above the porch. She would lay there for hours watching the stars make their slow journey across the sky. One night, doing just that she saw the most magnificent dragon. Silver and green, it looked like a piece of ocean drifting across the sky. The way it moved it looked like a piece of seaweed caught in a current. As she watched, it twirled and spun, doing aerial acrobatics.

At one point she squealed with glee, the noise catching the dragon's attention. It drifted lazily down to her, landing on the main roof above. She stared in amazement at the gigantic creature, wondering how the roof didn't cave in from the weight. It's eyes stared into her own, giant orbs of glimmering gold.

*Would you like to go for a ride?*

She could hear a deep voice in her head, one that perfectly fit the dragon in front of her. She could only nod, and a clawed hand, much larger than her frail body gently lifted her to its back.

And then they were off, dancing through the sky. They talked in his funny, in your head way. About his life, about hers. His scales under her hands were warm and soft. She sometimes rested there, other times hanging onto a spike, watched the world below.

It was nearly morning when they approached her house. He landed once again, slowly putting her down.

*Oh Dragon, I wish I were like you. Free to fly the skies whenever I liked.*

*Why not be like me? I was once like you.*

*You were?*

*Aye, here.*

He gently removed a small scale from his chest and gave it to her. Then, he was gone. She clutched the scale and climbed through her window. Once inside, she put the scale under her pillow, and drifted off to sleep.

The next morning, she awoke, smiling at the wonderful dream from the night before. As she stretched, her hand came in contact with the scale. It hasn't been a dream at all! She ran outside, still in her pajamas, clutching it. Once outside, she wished with all her might to be a dragon. For why would she want to be human when she could be a dragon?

Color and light enveloped her, and then, she was off! A dragon of many colors, flying through sky, just like the night before.

&#x200B;

Tag: \[WP\]I  sat, looking at the wreckage in front of me. A car flipped, rolled and  completely demolished. Smokey rising from the engine. It hadn't hurt to  die, I was gone before the car completed its first tumble. First  responders were trying to get my body out now. It has taken them 2  minutes and 25 seconds to get here. Surprising since it was nearly 2  a.m. and we were on a back road, and I hadn't seen anyone behind or  passing us in a while.

I stood and  walked around the ruins. More paramedics and firefighters were here  trying to get Brynn out of the car. Damn I'm going to miss her. I bend  over to get a look at her. Her face is cut and bleeding. Her arm is at a  weird angle. But she's breathing. She’ll live. I smile at her, stroking  her silky black hair.

I feel a presence  behind me. It must be Him. As I stand, a glimmer of silver catches  my  eye. I turn to it, ignoring the waiting figure at my back. Road spikes.  The kind meant to take down military vehicles. My little SUV had stood  no chance. My stomach sours, and I look around. The figure behind me is  shadow incarnate. But he can wait. I need to look, see if whoever laid  their trap is waiting. Watching. It's what I would have done. As I look  around, I realized that it's as bright as noon, and I can see clearly in  to the distance.

There. Over to the  right. I see a man in all black watching. His eyes are locked on the  car. I step into his line of sight. No response. I walk towards him, and  still he stares through my chest at the wreck. He can't see me. I need  to find out who he is. I get right next to him as he pulls out a phone.

“Boss, its Drayden. Looks like Meyers is dead. But paramedics are still working on the girl.”

I  can hear better too. This being dead thing has some perks. Who wanted  me dead though? Well. Take that back, you don't be me without making a  couple of enemies. Actually, a lot. I wonder who sealed my fate.

“Dryden. You know the job isn't complete until they are both dead. Finish it.”

“Will do sir.”

He  hung up, and if I hadn't already been dead, my heart would have  stopped. Not Brynn! She'll innocent dammit! Who the fuck would want to  hurt her. My angel. I'm dead. They know that. So it's not to hurt me.  Why. Brynn didn't even really know about me. I can't let him do this. I  can't let him kill her.

He's pulling out  a gun. He's going to shoot her! I try to tackle him - but I go right  through. Dammit! Him. He can help. I turn, and Death is standing there.  Watching. Waiting.

“You have to help me. I have to save her! There is no time!”

A  nod. That's all I get. Then he's gone. And it's suddenly much darker.  And blurry. And smells awful. But it doesn't matter. All that matters is  I save Brynn. I turn back to Dryden. Or I try to. I get caught up on my  legs. Legs? I seem to have two too many. Again, it doesn't matter. I  get up and lunge at Dryden, my jaws clamping down on his arm. Just in  time. A shot fired into the ground.

I  can hear the ambulance taking off. Its sirens wailing into the night. I  can taste blood as my teeth dig deeper into his arm. He kicks me, and I  let go, whimpering. He tries to raise his gun at me, but I've done too  much damage to his arm. Good. He kicks me again, screaming wordlessly. I  run.

He will be after Brynn again. I  just know it. I have to get to her first. As I run after the ambulance, I  take stock of my new body. I seem to be a dog. Great. How am I going to  keep her safe now? I don't know. And it doesn't matter yet. I have to  get to her first.&#x200B;

**Author's Note: Oh my Gorsh an update! Sorry it's been so long, sometimes I can get too focused on other projects (looking at you** **) and get carried away. Thanks to user** u/DylanCO **for the prod in the right direction. If you would like to receive updates or maybe tell me to my face to get a move on for this serial come join me and other writers from** r/RedditSerials **on our discord (****). Sorry if there is a voice shift in the piece, I had started this chapter almost 4 months ago and never finished it.**

&#x200B;

The crew nearly lost it when I introduced Lotte. It wasn’t *unheard of* for a crew member to bring a girl along, but… it was far from normal. And damn was Lotte a looker. She was playing her part of the wild fling who couldn’t get enough of me. It was overwhelming, and slightly intoxicating.

She was constantly in my face, leaning on me. She made cute rather irresistible faces at me, but she played shy in front of the crew - hanging on to me, but that was it for PDA. I didn’t mind. Honestly, I thought she might be batshit crazy.

The first night, I showed her to my quarters and the hoots and hollers of the crew followed us. Once the door was locked however, the act had been dropped.

“Well, we need a plan. How long until we can get to a space station?” she had asked angrily.

I had used my computer to get a rough estimate for the trip. While we had been able to refuel, we were still running on the bare minimum for supplies.

“A week and a half to space station H35793X aka Hex. We can’t use the FTL drive, as it’s too close for that, so its light engines all the way. Slow, but we’ll get there.”

It was actually the space station that I should have had us go to, but I had wanted something fresh, planet side grown. What a fucking mistake.

She paced restlessly. Looking around the small room. “I’ll eat the rest of the rations that Pete left me. I have the money he gave me. I’ll be good to go once we reach the port.”

“And until then?” I asked looking at her.

“Until then, Riley, I am *madly* in love with you.” She puckered her lips at me and blinked her long lashes. It was rather repulsive in how over the top it was. Then she dropped the act again, as quickly as it had come. “So, what do you do here? What’s this ship even for?”

At least I could answer those questions. “The Halifax is a deep-space mining operations vessel. I am the navigations officer. I choose where we make port and course all of our flights.”

“What do you mine?” She almost seemed interested.

“Precious metals. We then sell them to the highest bidder. The ship is owned by the crew, and profits are split equally. To join you have to buy your way onto the ship,” I started, but Lotte turned her back, and I trailed off.

“I’m tired. I’m taking the bed. It’s all your fault I had to leave home,” she said, throwing herself onto the small pallet.

Of course, it’s all my fault I just happen to look like some freak who she was involved with. All my fault she didn’t listen when I told her who I was.

“Yeah. Great. Give me the pillow, I’ll sleep on the floor.” I wasn’t going to argue. My arm was already bruised from her earlier abuse.

\---

That had been more than a week ago.

Since then, every waking moment spent outside the small room, Lotte was by my side. While I had been working, she had draped herself over my shoulders. More than once I’ve had to swat her hand away from some button or screen. She was curious about my job, and as I found out, she had never actually left the planet before.

Once she had gotten bored of my job she had moved on to Grant and John. They were amused and treated her more like a cute pet than a person. They were rather condescending when showing her their jobs and would occasionally look over and wink at me.

“Alright guys, Lotte is just curious,” I forced myself to reach out and lay my hand against her back, “but she’s quick. That’s why she’s asking you questions now.”

She glanced back at me, a false smile in place, but I could see the strain around her eyes.

“I’ve never been off planet before,” she said, “Never even been on a ship’s bridge.”

She turned and made doe eyes at the pair of them, and of course they relented. Showed her how to pilot the rig, and a little about the landing gear. She really was interested in them I saw, as she seemed to tap her fingers along with them as if she were taking mental notes. I turned back to my station, content to let her bother them for a while.

Current estimates showed that we were about thirty hours out from our destination. Hex’s broadcast could already be detected, and radio chatter led us all to realize just how busy the space station was. We’d been there in the past, but it’d been at least two years since our last visit.

“Riley, *baby,* let’s grab a snack,” Lotte was saying, pulling me from my work. I rolled my eyes, and as I stood, she pulled me in the direction of my room rather than the mess.

I could hear Grant wolf whistle after us, and John was saying something about her eating me as a snack rather than food. I flushed, annoyed that she was doing this, but let her lead the way.

Once inside and the door firmly shut, I faced her, watching impassively. There was no point in starting another fight, and she seemed to have something to say.

“Well?” I asked after she was quiet longer than I expected. I was standing with my arms folded and I couldn’t help as my fingers drummed an annoyed beat out on my upper arm.

She wasn’t looking at me, instead she was digging through the bag of hers. “I just thought of something. Can we access the space station’s comms yet? I want to try to reach out to some of my contacts before we arrive.”

When she stood, she was holding an info disk, that she shoved into the drive of my personal computer. It pulled up some names and faces, but when I bent to look, she glared at me.

“This is private,” she said, scrolling through the members shown.

I couldn’t help but chuckle. What kind of a nitwit was she? Unless that disk was encrypted or had some sort of protection, the information would leave an imprint on my computer. “Well I hope whoever gave you that knows more about computers than you do. Otherwise you just put that info at risk.”

Her eyes darkened as she looked at me angrily. I took a half step back, worried that she was going to grab my arm again. The bruises that had developed after that first day were still a dark black.

“What do you mean?!” she asked, her bionic fist tightening in anger.

“Oh, just the fact that as personal as my computer is, it is linked to the ships systems and easily hacked.”

She glanced back at the screen and the face she had stopped at, but quickly pulled the disk out of the drive. Like that would make it any better.

“If you want to talk to someone and you want it to be private, your best bet is to do everything in person,” I told her frowning. I hadn’t liked the way that man had looked, his face scared and a good chunk of his nose missing. I wonder if he was a native of her planet or just some space flea who had wandered into their organization.

“It’s not like it’s any of your business anyways,” she said, not looking me in the eye. “I hope the last time I see you is as I’m walking down the docking bay.”

“We still have a little more than a day left before we arrive, and you still have to contrive a fight between us that makes everyone on board happy to see you go.”

She smirked, looking me straight in the eye, leaning her head against her fist, “Ah Gorsh, that’s the easy part.”

That was her baiting me into an argument if I had ever seen it. I was tired of correcting her - especially now that I knew that she knew I was Riley. So instead of rising to her challenge, I sighed and turned to head back out to my station - and my friends who were waiting to jibe me.

\---

The docking into Hex had never been sweeter. Grant had piloted the ship expertly into the bay that we were directed to, and even as the lock engaged, Lotte started the fight.

She had been brooding since we had awoken, pacing around the mess, the engine room, and the bridge. She had cuddled against me, then stayed away from me. She had even teared up at one point sitting across the room. John and Grant saw this and gave me a wide-eyed astonished look.

Great, gonna paint me as bad guy. Again.

“So, where are we going to go to dinner?” she asked innocently enough, after she had started playing with my hair. I had swept her hand away, unaccustomed to such an informal touch and she had gotten those big doe eyes again.

“We aren’t,” I said. “I have to buy supplies. Remember?”

She sniffed angrily. “You won’t treat your girl to a nice meal while we’re docked?”

“Maybe later,” I said, with little enthusiasm. If she was going to paint me the bad guy, I might as well fill the role.

“Come on Ri! She has put up with all of us for the last week and a half. She deserves it,” Grant joined in.

“I said no. I have other stuff to attend to. Like filling your eternally hungry glob.”

Lotte huffed and bounced off to the mess. Just as she was almost too far to hear she said, “It’s not like *he’s* the one who’s been keeping your bed warm!”

Time to step it up a notch. I stood, following her, “Come on Lotte! You know I have a responsibility to everyone on board!”

“That you can’t take half an hour away from? It’ll take you that long alone to even find what you want!” She had stopped and had tears running down her face.

“We can go later. I have a lot to do.” We were in the mess now, and more than a few guys were sitting there picking at the remnants of the food on board. We really weren’t a minute too early on our arrival. Hungry men equaled angry and grouchy men.

“I’m hungry, and we haven’t had any time *alone*,” she said, her voice raising an octave. We were drawing more looks than just Grant and John now.

“Here.” I handed her a ration bar and grabbed one for myself. “Eat up.”

The real waterworks started up. “One dinner. That’s all I wanted. What a cheap and lousy man you are. Inconsiderate, and boorish.” She was sobbing now; I was more than a little surprised at her acting ability. So far in the trip I would have only given her a C on her role.

“Gorsh would never have treated me this way!” she cried, and for a moment I wondered if that was true. Until I looked at her arm and leg in their exoskeletal suit.

“Well I’m not fucking Gorsh! As I’ve only told you a hundred and one times. I’m Riley.” I stood, biting angrily into my ration bar - more in anger that it was a yellow than anything else - and strode out the door and off the ship.

I hoped that Lotte would stay behind and bemoan my *quirks* and decide that it was time to leave.

&#x200B;Hey everyone! 

I'm looking at putting out a book with the other authors from r/RedditSerials with some of our best prompt responses. I'm reaching out to you to see what *you* would be interested in seeing me clean up and submit. 

Please comment below your favorite WPs that you think I should take another look at. The book has no set release date yet, but we are going to release the kindle edition free, and possibly offer a print copy price set at only cost of printing (meaning we won't make money off of it.)

I can't wait to hear from you all, and I'll keep you informed with the progress as I know what's going on.

~ Thanks Luna# 

The hours ticked by slowly. An eerie green glow came from near the factory. As it intensified, the bodies of the Oreo’s victims, including my father, seemed to aggregate outside. Trying to get through the fence. I stayed away, watching them, but at this point they seemed harmless. Whatever was causing them to be reanimated was beyond me.

My stomach gurgled unhappily, and as I dug through my bag, I found that we had eaten the last of our supplies. Well, after earlier, there was no way in hell I was going to ever eat another Oreo, so I just pushed the hunger out of my mind. Maybe Dad’s idea of going to the Campbell’s factory hadn’t been so bad after all.

As the sun finally came up the gates to the factory rolled open. The bodies piled against it fell inside before slowly getting to their feet again. They seemed directionless, and I was more than happy to wait and let them spread out inside the gates before I entered. Or, I would have been if the gates hadn’t immediately started to close again. I sprinted across the road and slipped inside just as the gate finished closing.

Who the hell is inside operating this whole place? And who was that girl that had just walked inside before. I was going to find out. I had just started walking down the long drive to the building when all of the undead’s heads came flying up. They looked at me with empty eyes and started to charge me. I screamed and ran as fast as I could to the entry.

I could feel them trying to grab me, reaching for me. One of them got their hands on my backpack. I dropped it faster than a hot potato. I made it inside and heard the door lock as I slammed it shut. The whole entrance structure was glass, and I slowly turned around, afraid of what I might see.

Dad was the one who had my backpack. He was leaning against the door, his eyes empty. I took a step back, and as my foot connected with the floor of the factory it was like a signal went out. All of the bodies collapsed back onto the ground. Dead with no signs of movement.

What the actual fuck was going on here. I turned back around to finally see the inside of the factory. There was a secretary’s desk front and center, the skeleton of the woman who must have worked there, sat with its hands still on the keyboard and phone.

That was more than a little weird. Especially since this area had been outside the blast zone of the closest bomb. As I got closer, I could see blood on the yellow dress that hung in tatters. Great, I’ve walked into a murder mystery.

“Hello Derrick Andrew Deason. I see you finally made it.”

The voice over the intercom was feminine, and young sounding. It had to be the girl who entered two days ago. Who was she? How did she know my name? I looked around and saw a security camera turn and face me. Oh, fantastic. I’m going to die.

I turned around and tried to leave. Going past the bodies of the Oreo eaters would be better than anything that could possibly happen in here. But the doors were locked. Tinkling laughter rained down from the speakers.

“Oh Derrick, we have so many *games* to play before you can leave.”

&#x200B;

Tag: Oreo**Author's Note:**  **Also, please consider becoming a patron at my** **. Any and all funds from it will go towards cover or character art for my stories.**  

As I made my way down the ramp, I was in no such luck. Lotte was following me, wailing at the top of her lungs about how horrible I was. I ignored her, and she ignored me ignoring her. I checked my wallet, more to make sure I had it on me than to make sure I had the credits for my purchases. Looking around, I found the signage that pointed me in the direction of the market district of the station, and I quickly strode in that direction.

I could still hear Lotte, though I wasn’t sure if she was getting quieter or if the crowd of the station was getting louder. As the ship faded from sight, so did Lotte’s complaints. I was tempted to look around for her, but what was the point? She was going to go her own way, and I had things to do.

“Riley!” The sound of my name surprised me and I jumped a little. Lotte was next to me, looking up at me.

What the hell, I thought she was going to leave? “Lotte, what are you doing?”

“I just figured I would tag along, as we are both going in the same direction,” she said, standing on her toes trying to look over the heads in front of her. “Plus, I am actually hungry, want to grab a bite?”

I tried to stop myself from rolling my eyes, but the mere thought of being stuck with her a minute longer was awful. She saw, and hit my arm less than gently with her robotically enhanced fist. “One meal isn’t going to make a difference, plus there are a few things I wanted to talk to you about, before we go our own ways.”

“Whatever, if it gets rid of you faster, fine.” I glanced around again, this time looking for a food joint. Seeing one, I grabbed her non-robotic hand and pulled her that way.

“You know, it’s all your fault I had to leave the planet. So you should treat me with a bit more respect,” she said as she pulled her hand away. I let it go, as I had only grabbed it to keep us together as we crossed the flow of foot-traffic.

I stopped and turned to her. She was frowning and was getting ready to cross her arms. Oh no. She didn’t get to be angry with me. “It’s not my damn fault that you’re a member of a secret underground rebellion against FamiCorp. You got yourself into trouble. Claiming that I was Gorsh was your own problem, and you got us kicked off the planet.”

“You look just like Gorsh. It’s your fault for coming to the planet.”

“Again, I’m allowed to look however I want. It’s not my problem you and he were on the planet’s most wanted list.”

I turned to walk away from the restaurant, where the waiting hostess was watching wide-eyed. Lotte had something else in mind, as she grabbed my arm stopping me from moving away. “I *told you* I had something I wanted to talk about!”

Taking a deep breath, I looked at the petite woman once again. She must get so much damn enjoyment out of being strong enough to stop me. “Any more of this blame-game bullshit and I’m out,” I said flatly. I stopped trying to pull away, and she turned to the hostess with her brightest smile and said, “Two please.”

Once inside, we were seated at some dingy booth, with cracked leather seats and a table that had knife gouges. Great. Whatever, at least it would be hot food, and not a fucking yellow ration bar.

As coffee was poured for each of us, I thanked the woman and then turned my attention back to Lotte. “Now get on with it. Whatever you *had* to talk about.”

She opened her mouth, inhaling a large breath – almost as if she was going to start ranting once again, but then closed it, looking thoughtful.

“I think we got off on the wrong foot,” she started finally. “I think that we could really help each other in future endeavors. I’m politely asking that you wait to leave the space station until I’ve made contact with my network. While they might be here, I might need to leave and go elsewhere after.”

I started laughing, even before she finished speaking. Her face flushed, and she got quite the pout on her lips.

“You …. Want me…. To forget everything that’s happened and play nice with you?” I said between heaves of laughter. “Oh, that’s just grand\~

I slapped my hand onto the table, the coffee swaying erratically in the cups with the force, but I had to hold myself upright. “Oh no no no. It doesn’t work like that. I am buying my supplies, loading them up, and then me and my crew are headed to the nearest rock that we can mine. And we’ll stay there until we’ve mined the whole damn thing or we run out of supplies again. You aren’t part of that plan at all.”

At that point, the timid waitress chose to approach again, asking if we knew what we wanted. I ordered whatever fresh and hot, while Lotte ordered some burger. Once the waitress had moved away, Lotte was ready with her retort.

“You *owe* me,” she repeated. “If you hadn’t shown up…”

I cut her off, “Oh no. Like I said, you’re the one who signed yourself up to be part of a rebellion. I had nothing to do with that. You didn’t believe me when I said I wasn’t your Gorsh, and that’s just not my problem.”

She frowned again, but dropped the subject. We didn’t talk again, even as the food was served and then I paid. We stood, and Lotte turned and walked out the door. Had she turned back towards the ship, I would have followed her, but as she made a beeline to the communications district, I didn’t. I considered walking back to the ship and letting John and Grant know that she wasn’t to enter the ship again, but I gave a little shake of my head and turned back to the market district. I had supplies to buy and hungry miners to feed.

I had made it through the food and toiletries for the ship when I caught sight of a crowd forming around one of the broadcast stations. Curious I squeezed my way over to see it playing footage of an exploding space station. It was a privatized one, the FamiCorp Logo painted and visible from each camera angle. While I couldn’t be sad that they lost a space station, the crew and families aboard were just doing their jobs. Reports were coming in that no one had escaped alive.

I started to turn away, when more breaking news came in. Live footage from the person claiming to be behind the attack. I already had the screen out of view, but the sound of his voice made me freeze.

It was my voice.

I slowly turned back to the screen, only to see my face, with my voice saying horrible awful things.

“FamiCorp is a pestilence on every planet. They claim they are helping us produce more food, reach more planet, expand humanity.” His – my – facial expression was dark. “They are nothing more than slave owners. They work people to the bone, killing millions everyday. If a pandemic strikes a planet, they turn a blind eye to it. Lock the planet down in isolation. *Wait* for the sick to die.”

He held up a clenched fist, and I glimpsed the scar that Lotte had looked for the night she had mistaken me for *him.* “*All that stands between humanity and famine* – that’s what they claim. But in reality, they make their works pay for their living, pay for the food they farm, it’s indentured servitude at best, slavery at worst. And that’s just the beginning… What they were doing on that space station…” His face tightened and he took a deep breath, “They were cre – “

The screen cut to blackness, and then back to two concerned looking anchormen. “That was self proclaimed activist Gorsh Marosh. Authorities are trying to track him down at this time. If you see him, he is to be considered armed and dangerous. Contact authorities The detonation and following the destruction of FamiCorp Space Station FC9081 happened 13 hours ago, but at this time it is unclear whether there were manuel systems were jeopardized or if some sort of bomb was placed…”

I turned away again, wishing briefly that I had a cap or hood to pull down over my face. As it was, I looked down at my feet and quickly headed back to the Halifax. What the actual fuck. Ruining a few farming combines was one thing, but blowing up a space station? What kind of a madman was Gorsh? No wonder he left after the accident with Lotte.

I was nearly at the Halifax when I heard the first whispers. A finger pointing in my direction, people moving away. I tried to huddle down, make myself smaller, less noticeable, but It’s a hard thing to do when you’re a man of my size.

The airlock on the Halifax had been shut when I arrived. It didn’t matter. All I had to do was get inside. John could go out and buy the rest of the supplies – aka alcohol – once I was hidden aboard. But as I typed in my passcode, the screen blinks red.

**UNAUTHORIZED USER ID** flashed on the screen before me.

I tried again, but a second time the screen flashed a garish red and this time the warning **LOCKOUT EMINENT** joined it.

Instead of trying a third time, I pressed the intercom button, paging the bridge.

“JOHN, GRANT! Open up! It’s me!” I said angrily, looking over my shoulder where more than one person was looking at me with narrowed eyes.

The unit buzzed to life, Grant’s voice full of static as he spoke. “Uh, No can do Riley…”

“What the fuck do you mean, *No can do…*” I yelled, hitting my fist against the plasisteel side of the ship.

“Crew saw that space station explosion… saw that Gorsh guy speaking. They don’t believe that it’s not you…” His words rang hollowly in my ears.

“It’s not just that,” John’s voice cut in, “They think it’ll be more trouble to let you on board than it’s worth.”

“They out voted us Ri.” Grant’s voice sounded more like a whine.

“You two are the damn engineer and pilot. Let me on my ship – I paid my way, same as the rest of you.”

“We know Ri, but they’ve threatened to kick us off too if we let you in,” John said.

“Right. Cause your own ass is more important than mine. Fine.” I was livid, but I *had* to get out of sight. God damn Gorsh. God damn Lotte. And God damn that backwater planet they had come from.

“We’ll bring you your stuff in a bit. Once the crowd dissipates…” John said, sounding worried. 

“Don’t bother. I’m sure I’ll be arrested before then…” I spat. I turned and walked away from the ship I had called home for the last three years.Our king was born first. A giant among  giants. Towering above the tallest of us by over two feet. His exact  height? Best guesses are close to twenty feet. Rumors say, that his  mother died in child birth only six months into her pregnancy. Others  say that his father, in a rage, had tried to strangle him, but his  fingers had been unable to wrap around the infant's throat.

Walking  at four months, already three feet tall. Six feet by two. The humans,  horrified had tried to kill him. Yet it seemed, or so the rumors say,  that with every attempt, he would grow before their very eyes. When the  generals were born, within a year of our King, world news stories  covered "the gigantic baby epidemic." Many humans speculated that we  were byproducts of pollution, or nuclear radiation.

If  only they knew it was nothing so simple. Our genes, hidden away for  eons under the inferior human genes, finally shown through. Strongly.  And as we reached maturity, we took concubines, relatives of women who  had already given birth to us, and sowed our seed. Spreading it further  and faster.

War  was declared about five years ago. Some politician's daughter was  taken. Not that she lasted very long. Broke the tensions that had been  growing among our peoples. The humans and the Nephilim.

While  most of us exhibit giant traits, a few are smaller and winged. All of  us are stone skinned, bullet proof except for the largest of rounds. The  one thing that humans seem to think they "have" on us is their  intelligence, ingenuity. But that's just not the case. While we might  look down upon them, we still use their females to breed. They are part  of us. We have that same intelligence.

What  they don't know is that we are planning. Waiting. Building up our army.  We are masking our numbers, living in the mountains, the only places  big enough to chisel out homes in the stone. We grow faster than the  humans. Mature faster. But so far, it seems as if we stop aging at  maturity. Long distant memories indicate we can live forever, if left to  our own devices.

It's  not the  humans that ended us last time. We killed ourselves, each  other. But we have learned and changed. Our king now guides us. We  follow him, loyally. Devotedly.

And now he is leading us into the next era of the Nephilim.&#x200B;

I finally got my website up and running! Please check it out and let me know if its missing anything. It should have a page for each story with an index of chapters that you can navigate, links to the shared discord, my patreon, and this subreddit, as well as fan art and commissions that I have received. Let me know if everything is working correctly! 

&#x200B;

As for actual news, I'm feeling a little better today and should have chapter 21 of Heartscale posted by this evening. After that, I'll start on the next chapter of Dragon's choice. 

&#x200B;

Also starting today, I will be cross-posting to a new subreddit r/redditserials where the authors that I share the discord with have been working tirelessly to bring to life a new place for readers to enjoy serials from multiple authors in one place. Hope on over and give it a look-see too. 

&#x200B;

Hope you are all doing well

\~ LunaDammit. Another peon telling me "your too  young to need to know this." What they don't know is that I'm nearly  seventy. I was here before they were born. Idiots.

I  paced around my small room, kicking toys that had been given to me by  my current set of parents. Every few years people would see me living on  the streets and insist they take me in. It lasts a year or two (who am I  to turn down food, clothing and shelter) until they realize I'm not  aging.

This couple currently are closer  to my real age than to the correct age of having a child my age. Not  that it matters. They spoil me rotten. And "Pa" is a mage. I've been  able to at least learn from him. Even if he doesn't know it.

I'm  stuck in the body of an 11 year old. All I want is to leave this town  and explore my capabilities with magic. But oh no! The good citizens of  the town are here to protect me! No magic. No weapons. Not a step  outside of the gate.

You would think they  would realize that I have been here - known them since they were  children - but people's minds just aren't capable of understanding.

After all, people and things age, that is the normal logical way of things.Part 1: 

“Hey Xa’in! You ready for the mission?”

Xa’in  stopped doing pull-ups to look at his friend Ja’al. They had grown up  together on stories of the Poison Planets. They had taken turns being  the “Explorer” and the “Invaders”. Pretending that they were part of the  elite forces that traveled across space to deal with possible threats  to the Polnar. But even the Rasnit, the most elite of the forces didn’t  go to the Poison Planets without a tactical plan in place. As they had  grown up, news stories of the wars with Poison Planets had been rampant.  Neither boy had waited long past reaching adulthood to sign up for the  military.

Both had gone to school and  done everything they could to reach the ranks of Rasnit. Nearly fifteen  years later, here they were. Fully fledged members about to go on their  first mission to a Poison Planet. The one that had been selected for  them was a distant branch of the galaxy, a yellow class start with only  one habitable planet.

Recon missions by  other Rasnit indicated a sapient lifeform that had low altitude flight.  They called their planet Earth and themselves Humans. Xa’in had seen  images. They were ugly pale creatures with strangely colored fur growing  from their heads. They were bilaterally symmetrical and had two  dexterous hands. They walked in an upright position and could run at  fast rates for long periods of time. The people of Polnar had been  watching this Poison Planet for a long time now, as the inhabitants were  constantly trying to leave the planet. A previous Rasnit intel group  had collected data on how they were trying to accomplish this. Ja’al had  laughed aloud when he read that they were using an explosive liquid to  literally blast their way off the planet.

However,  it was their weapons and their constant state of war which lead them to  be dangerous. To have achieved the mantel of a Poison Planet. There  were also reports of Rasnit landing on the planet to never be seen  again. Thinking about it made Xa’in clench his bright red fists. His  skin shimmering to an almost purple hue. One of those Rasnit had been a  cousin of his, Di’in.

“Ready? I’ve been ready. All these humans are going to die.”

The  days past quickly and then it was time. Xa’in and Ja’al along with the  hundreds of other Rasnit loaded into their ships. They were going to  war, and they expected to decimate the humans before the humans even  knew they were under attack. Ja’al was a pilot, but Xa’in was part of  the ground combat squad. They gave each other their formal goodbyes and  went their separate ways. Neither knew if they would see the other alive  again.

Unlike the humans crude attempt  at a spacecraft, their ships were ion-propulsion and they traveled  several times the speed of light. Even so, the trip took days, and Xa’in  found himself sleeping most of the time. The rest of the time he was in  the training quarts. He had a firearm and a combat weapon. The humans  seemed to have very thin skin, and would bleed to death if punctured.  There had been several attempts at vivisections, but the patients  usually died before the Polnar could learn much.

When  Xi’an and Ja’al’s ship arrived, they were greeted with a field of  destruction. The first Polnar ship to arrive had been utterly destroyed,  and the second was badly damaged. A red alert was issued, and shuttles  were deployed to land on the planet. Unlike the Polnar, the humans did  not have a central government hub, instead there were many across the  planet. Each would be a target for the Polnar, and Xa’in’s group was set  to land on a northern hemisphere continent.

The pod was launched and Xi’an and his team went hurtling towards the strange blue Poison Planet.

&#x200B;

Part 2:

An explosion rocked the small vessel and  Xa’in grabbed his safety holster. The lights flickered and a thin haze  of smoke was filling the compartment. He gritted his teeth and waited.  The was nothing he could do. Either he would make it to the poison  planet's surface or he wouldn't.

The  pilot came on the radio ceiling the Rasnit to prepare for impact. Within  moments the craft began to shudder and shake, a horrible screeching  noise filling the air. Then the spinning started. Xa'in guessed they had  lost a wing. But it didn't last long. The vessel crashed into the  planet, rolling like a ball, bouncing before coming to a sudden halt.

Xa'in  had passed out upon the initial impact, but came to within minutes.  Others from his team were not so lucky. He could see broken limbs and at  least two who had not survived. He himself had a concussion, his head  bleeding from above his eye ridge. He snarled his teeth, more ready than  ever to eliminate the threat of the poison planet.

He  and his surviving team broke open the unresponsive hatch and climbed  out. The medic supplies were found and bones were set. Their leader  Go'ar was one of the unfortunate ones who did not survive, putting Xa'in  in charge. He assembled his scouts to search for other ships near by,  and a few soldiers to set up a small perimeter. The pilot had died on  impact, but Xa’in was able to pull up views of the area from before the  crash.

They had landed farther south and  west than their original destination, far from any of the humans  metropolises. He frowned, unsure of what to expect. He didn't know how  many humans lived in this region. Looking around at the surroundings,  all he saw was a scattering of trees and large grassy plains.

They  would set up camp in the cover of trees, but it would be a game of  defense until contract with the main forces could be reestablished. He  had tried the comms, but nothing had worked. That or they were the only  survivors, but he was more confident in the former.# 

The sheer number of Oreo packages that had been scrounged from the area was absurd. There were nearly 50 previous lifetime winners who had been summoned. Most of them had at least one family member with them, though a few had several family members. If I counted correctly there were 117 people in the camp. Now, the number of oreos? There had to be at least 10 packages per person. 45 cookies per package. That's 450 a person. Nearly 50,000 cookies for the camp.

And everyone wanted in that gate. Dad pulled me to the side once again.

“Derick, I don’t want you participating in this. If something goes wrong, I want you to just try and get inside the factory. I didn’t want to come here originally, but I trusted you. Now I need you to trust me. Do not enter this competition.”

I was torn. I honestly didn’t want to join the competition, but everyone in camp had pulled up a seat in a makeshift circle. They were going to keep eating until one of them was the winner. My teeth hurt at the thought. I couldn’t leave Dad to do this on his own.

“Dad, no. You need help.”

“Derick Andrew Deason. You can help by not eating, and if you won’t stay away, you can keep bringing me more cookies.”

I nodded. Dad didn’t use my full name. Ever. Not since the bombs first fell. He was serious. We just hugged, and then he sat, joining the circle. I squeezed his shoulder from behind.

With a plastic screech, the first package was opened. And then it was a madhouse. People shoving fistfulls of cookies into their mouths. They ate with vigor and silence for what seemed like forever. Just cookie after cookie.

Then a noise started. Stomachs rebelling. Sugar induced comas and migraines. Screaming started. A dedicated few kept eating. Dad included. He was pacing himself. One cookie at a time. But his skin was turning waxy, and I could see a desperate fear creeping into his eyes. By now, it was just him and an older woman. She looked to be about ninety years old. Her teeth were obviously dentures as they stuck together while she chewed. She wore a knitted blanket around her shoulders, and she was eating the cookies at an incredibly slow rate. It took her longer to chew than anyone else.

I was about to go talk to her, to see if she would accept defeat by Dad when I heard him choke. I turned around, his eyes were bulging and half digested oreo was bubbling out of his mouth. I ran to him, lifting him into the heimlich maneuver, but it was to no avail. I felt him go limp, and I dropped down next to him crying.

He had done all of this for me, the actual lifetime supply winner. I cried into his shoulder, even though he no longer drew breath. He was all I had left. We had just accepted Mom and Jillian’s deaths, never having a funeral or even talking about them for the longest time. I never thought I would see the day Dad died.

After a few moments, I realize that my crying has become the only sound. No moans, no puking, not even any chewing from the old biddy. I turn and look around. Everyone is laying around with the Oreo foam coming from their mouths and their skin waxy. None of them were breathing. I stood up, looking around horrified. I couldn’t breath, and I was dizzy. What the hell is going on. My instincts kick in, and I sprint back to the house and lock myself in the bathroom. Just in time. I puke in the toilet and pass out.

When I next opened my eyes, i blinked them grittily. It was dark. And I didn’t remember where I was. As I stood, I carefully grabbed the doorknob, and listened. It was silent out. I opened it, and sat on the couch. I was starting to remember what had happened. How everyone had died. I felt myself getting ill again and just turned and vomited on the floor. It wasn’t my house. I needed to leave.

I got up and opened the door. I screamed at what I saw. bodies, with black foam coming out of their mouths walking up and down the streats. They didn’t turn at the noise, but i still slammed the door shut. I slid down against it, thinking. Maybe I hit my head when I passed out. I peered out a window. Dad was there. In the middle of the street. Just… wandering. It was grotesque.

I was angry, watching the body of my father move aimlessly around the street. I needed to get into that factory. To stop what just happened from ever happening again. I looked at my watch. It was 11:30 pm. I only had 8 and a half hours to wait. It’s not like I have any competition to get into that factory.

# 

&#x200B;

Tag: Oreo# 

“Uh, yeah. Got a note in a package a while back.”

“Summoning you here!”

“Yeah.” Dad was nervous, and he had just caught sight of me. Whoops. “So, what’s the deal? Why are we all here?”

“Don’t know. Gates are closed, no one can figure out how to get in. We’ve eaten just about everything left in town, a lot of people are talking about leaving. Not me. No. I know something big is going on!”

The man that Dad was talking to was in his mid-thirties, heavier set (which surprised me, nowadays everyone seems to be bone thin), with pale skin and hair. As he talked, I could see cookie crumbs around his mouth and in his teeth. As I looked around, several people had Oreos in hand eating away, many like the man heavyset.

The wind blew, and another Oreo package rolled past me. How many cookies had been eaten while these people waited outside? How long had they been subsiding on cookies alone? Sure, Dad and I enjoyed our Oreos when they arrived, but eating so many for every meal. No thank you. Glad that we stocked up before getting here.

Dad finished talking to the guy and walked back over to me, frowning.

“Seems like many of them have been here months, if not a year. None seem to know how the Oreos are delivered, and they said that new packages appear in front of the gate every morning.”

We both turned to look at the factory. There was a barbed wire fence around the perimeter. The space between the fence and the wall was a neatly manicured lawn. In front of the entrance was a flag pole flying the Nabisco logo, with an American flag below. The windows sparkled, and I thought I could see a faint outline of a person behind the glass, but as I turned my head to look better, the reflection of the sun twinkled blindingly. By the time I could see again, whoever may have been there was gone.

The factory was huge, several football fields in length, and a dirty grey colored cement made up most of the exterior. There were a couple of chimneys with white steam pouring out the top. As a breeze blew, it jumbled the empty packages on the ground and a faint scent of baking cookie could be smelled. My stomach grumbled unhappily at the sugary sweetness.

“Dad lets head back to that house. I think we need to set up a base of operations.”

“Alright Der, we can figure out what in the world is going on.”

As we walked down the street, I couldn’t help but look inside the other houses. All seemed to have Oreo themed rooms. My stomach rumbled. It had been a while since we had last eaten.

“Dad, can we have some canned soup or something savory for dinner? All the sugary products around here are making my head hurt.”

“Sounds good to me! Maybe we should visit the Campbell’s headquarters next!”

“You are so not funny.”

“We’re already in New Jersey!”

“NO!”

We entered the house, and I had the sudden urge to look over my shoulder. That skin tingling feeling of being watched. At first, I didn’t see anyone, but as I turned to go back inside, I thought I caught a glimpse of the guy Dad had talked to earlier. Then we were inside, and it was time for dinner.

We slept in the house again that night, and I made sure to go around and lock all the doors and windows before we went to sleep. I slept restlessly, expecting someone to barge in any moment. But no one ever did. The next few days were repetitious, we would talk to people at the gates, then go back to the house. Each time, there would be more cookies awaiting us, and after that first day, I didn’t want to eat any more.

The more people we talked to, the more confused as to why we were here. No one had been able to get inside the factory, and no one seemed to leave after arriving. Dad was starting to question being here, making more jokes about going to the soup factory. Honestly, I was thinking that it was a better idea than waiting here, slowly running out of food to eat.

A morning, about a week after we first arrived, a new person arrived. She was about my age, and she looked bedraggled and exhausted. Not that any of us were thriving in the post nuclear fallout, but she looked like she was on deaths door. She was alone, carrying only a military grade back pack and jacket. Her boots were worn and the front of one seemed ready to fall completely off. She had marched straight through the camp around the fence up to the main gate and pressed the call button. It had buzzed, and the gate had opened wide enough for her to enter, and then before anyone realized what had happened, she was going inside, and everyone was fighting over who would push the button next.

Dad and I stood away from the group, watching her enter the building. After just a few moments, speakers all around the town screeched into life.

“Attention you cow grazing cookie munchers! It’s time you all got to action! You’ve been summoned here to help Nabisco reclaim the cookie industry. To do so, you have to prove to me that you’re not just all cookie with no filling! The best of you will enter the front door in twenty-four hours. It’s up to you to decide who will enter.”

With a static scream the speakers died back into silence. Murmurs started, then yells and screams as people proclaimed their right to enter as they had been waiting for weeks or months. Dad and I looked at each other, nodded, and walked away. As the screams continued, we decided to walk around the perimeter. We needed to get in, but if we could help it, we needed to stay away from that madhouse.

As we circled the fence slowly, we looked for holes and gaps. Of course, we didn’t find anything, so instead we devised a plan to get ourselves inside. We were still talking about our plan when we came full circle around the factory. Only to find it had devolved into sheer chaos. Everyone was getting their uneaten packages of Oreos and stacking them at the gates, shouting about how they had to find more.

The man who had first spoken to Dad runs up to us, grabbing dad by the collar. He is bright pink and sweating.

“We’ve decided whoever can eat the most Oreos can enter the factory. Get any Oreos you have and bring them here. We are starting at noon!”

He was gone before we could say anything, instead we just looked at the growing mountain of Oreo packages, and shrugged off to get ours from the house. When we got to the house, the most recent shipment had arrived, nearly filling the entry. Dad jogged back over to the group telling them, and then there was a wave of motion to take the packages over to the others. Then it was time for the Oreo eating competition to begin.

&#x200B;

# 

&#x200B;

Tag: OreoIt’s 8 AM. The morning shift and evening shift of nurses are trading places. Meds will arrive soon. I frown, pacing around my small white room. I’ve been here 683 days. 

The routine is the same every day. Morning meds, then breakfast, followed by an activity time, then lunch. Every day after lunch is something new, a guest speaker, or an event. Then visitation time - not that I’ve had any visitors since the last time Luce didn’t listen about the warder - she was spiking my food! I had *proof*. Lucy didn’t care. Told me I was crazy, that I belonged here.

Group therapy was every night - talking about our *fears,* and our *visions*. Just more non-believers. It’s not my fault they wired my house, bugged my phone, and watched my every move. It’s because I *knew* that the aliens had tried to contact me. They had almost abducted me that night, but the neighbor had called the police. I had wanted to go. I had prepared myself. I couldn’t be bugged if I was naked after all.

It was 8:15 now, and medication was *late.* It was never late. If they did anything right here, it was keeping to a tight schedule. I could hear others whispering in their rooms, and tentatively tested my door. Free roam started from meds to breakfast every morning - but the doors were only unlocked after we had taken those stupid white pills. 

No, still locked. I peered out the small glass panel, trying to see what the holdup was. The halls were empty though, and Sal was across the hall doing the same thing. I nodded to him, and he nodded back. We had talked about what to do if the facility was ever abandoned and we were locked in. That would set in at noon - we had given them a slight amount of leeway in our plan - don’t want them to put us in solitary or worse for them just being behind schedule.

The clock continued to tick by, but we could hear something happening. Doors were being opened one by one. This was not normal. I sat at my desk and pulled out my journal. I had to take note of this. 

Each page was a different nurse, or doctor, or even the other *patients*. We weren’t patients, we were hostages. 

I scribbled away, writing down anything I could hear. They were getting closer to me. I hear Ralph scream as they pulled him out of his room. 

When I heard the slight jingle of keys, I stood up and went to the door. They were taking Sal. She fought them, biting at their arms. Two men I didn't recognize - but in the same scrubs that all the attendants wore. 

I tried my door handle again, trying to help her. But it was still locked. 

I would be next. I looked around my room, for any kind of weapon. I had my pencil - only allowed because I had never been deemed a threat. But that was it, my room was barren apart from my bed and my desk, and - even though it disgusted me to have it in my living quarters - my own toilette. 

I tucked the pencil up my sleeve and sat on my bed waiting. I could feel my pulse in my ears and my heart thudded in my chest. I would wait until they got me out the door before, I attacked. It was my best chance to get away. 

More time went by, each second the clock ticked audible in the now silent hall. 

The faint jingle of keys once again.

They were here. 

I took a deep breath, and stayed seated, I wouldn’t let them know I was on to them.

“George, we’re coming in!” one of the unknown men said, as they opened the door. 

I didn’t respond. Let them do what they think they must. I’ll get away. 

I gripped the pencil tighter, and as they entered, I stood. 

I wasn’t going to fight them. I wanted them to be unprepared for my attack.

One hand on each arm, they led me out the door. I could see now, every door in the hall was open, each room empty.

Curiosity got the best of me, before my plan could be enacted. “What’s going on?”

One of the brutes, chuckled, and then answered, “They’ve invented a cure.”

“A cure? For what?” I asked, spiteful that they thought us ill.

“Schizophrenia.”

That one. That word. No. I was *not* crazy. I lunged to my left, towards the one who had spoken. I drove the pencil deep into his thigh, at the same time, the other lost his grip on me. I ran as fast as I could down the hallway. They just wanted me to forget. To make me “healthy”. I could hear the one screaming, and the other’s feet thudding down the hall behind me. 

He was bigger than me, taller. His legs were longer. He caught up to me. Lunging and bringing us both to the ground. Hard.

\---

I woke, strapped to a chair. Lights surrounding me, doctors in masks so I couldn’t see their faces. They were holding a syringe.

“Good, you’re awake. You have to be conscious for this to work.”

I flailed, but to no avail. I was bolted down. 

The reached for my neck. They stuck me, right in that vein that goes to my brain. I could feel it, cold, coursing through my blood. It reached my mind, and it was like the worst migraine I had ever had. Or a brain freeze from eating ice cream too fast. 

And then it was over.

I was left blinking as they unstrapped my arms. I… I wasn’t sure where I was. But I felt safe - for the first time in my life - like no one was waiting to hurt me.

The doctor was trying to talk to me, but I felt slow. I blinked, looking at him. 

“You’ve been cured. You’re free to go. You have a relative here to help you home.”

Lucy - Lucy was there for me. She was happy to see me. I didn’t even feel like I needed to tell her someone was trying to hurt me - because they weren’t. I wasn’t looking over my shoulder. I wasn’t worried that someone was watching.

And Lucy was smiling.“Apologies, human. Unfortunately, you were accidentally killed by a galactic federation officer during an altercation on your planet. Currently we are constructing you a replacement body, and in return for your ensured silence on our existence, I wanted to ask if you wanted anything… changed?” the strange little being before me said.

I say before me, but I wasn’t there now was I? I felt like I was floating in a gelatinous mass, unable to move or even look around. I had tried to speak before, but whatever temporary ‘body’ I was in didn’t seem to have a mouth – so I wasn’t real sure on how they expected me to answer.

“We can detect your thought patterns human. Now, did you want anything changed?” the little being was looking towards where I thought I was based on what I could see.

Did I want anything changed? I mean, I had always been average looking. Not horrible, but no supermodel. But I was happy with that. Maybe I had a little bit of a beer belly starting, but that was my own damned fault. Hell, getting vaporized by that strange gun had been my own fault too. I had heard the argument, and being that guy I had stepped in to break it up. I had been tall, and maybe a little intimidating if I tried. But when the first man’s face had altered to that strange spiked and orange being I had freaked a little. When the second man had pulled the ‘gun’ I had still stepped between them. I was an idiot. I should have ran when I saw the dude change.

Back to Mr. Alien’s question then, did I want anything changed? The lewd asshole inside of me for a brief second thought about asking for my junk to become more well endowed but after a metaphorical smirk I shook that thought off. I had heard that men with too big of assets could have trouble performing in bed. My current performance ability was nothing to laugh at, if you asked me.

Then I wondered, did he mean other than physically?

“Hey!” I mentally shouted since he said they could detect my thoughts.

The little being looked annoyed, but answered, “Yes, I can hear you just fine. And yes, anything to keep you silent on our existence.”

I knew right then what I wanted to change. Like I said before, I had been average. Average height, average looks, average job. I was tired of being average.

"I don’t want to go back.”

“What?” the thing had an almost annoyed look on its face.

“I don’t want to go back. No matter what you change about me, I’m still me. You’re good ol’ average joe. I don’t want that anymore. I want to experience a life that no one else will get to lead. I want to join a spacecraft… or something? I don’t know yet. I don’t know anything about you, or the galactic federation yet, but I want to. All I know is that I don’t want to go back. I don’t want to be average anymore.”

The little being was silent for a long time, turning away from me and pacing. It kind of reminded me of the way that I would have serious conversations on my cell phone. I mean, if he could hear me maybe he was communicating with some higher ups.

When he finally returned he looked a little put out. He had two strange antenna that before were perked up, but now hung low by his face.

“Human, you have been accepted into the galactic federation – Airspace division. Your body will be dispensed shortly, and then  you will be taken to your new commanding officer. Now, I have some paperwork to do, what is your name human?”

“Jorden Allen Smith.”I was waiting in line for my morning cuppa joe when I noticed it today. The exact change I needed in my pocket. All forty-seven cents. 

It might not seem like a big deal to you, but I always seemed to have the exact amount of change needed. Which if logic worked right, would mean I would never be getting change back, making the situation unlikely the next time it occurred. 

But there was, a quarter, two dimes, and two pennies. One of them was from the 1950’s and a wheat penny. I cursed my luck - I did like to collect those, but I didn’t happen to have another in my pocket. 

\---

That night, I ordered Chinese from the little shop halfway down the street. They always got my food to me within ten minutes. Somehow, I got caught up in the game I was playing and forgot to get my wallet ready.

As I answered the door, I grabbed the cash sitting on the small end table that set next to the door that was the catchall for my pockets when I got home each day. Thirteen dollars were tightly rolled around two quarters and a nickel. 

That one weirded me out. 

I mean… I did always order the same thing, so my total was always $13.55, but I definitely didn’t remember wrapping it up for the next time I ordered.

\---

Getting into bed the day flashed before my eyes. My room was bright, even with all the lights out. Light from the city outside was reflected inside and I could hear music playing from the club on the corner. This small loft was cheaper than anything else I could find, but it was in an awful location. 

The last girl who lived here had complained to me when she subleased it out to me. She had been a student. I was just a desk monkey, working in the cubicle farm of insurance policies. It had been too loud and too bright for her. And she had said that something seemed to go bump in the night.

I had met Arthur a week after moving in - the resident tabby cat who got into our collective garbage. I was pretty sure he was her monster.

But tonight, between the heartburn from the onions in my dinner, the lights, and the noise - sleep just wasn’t happening. But I was exhausted. Getting out of bed would get me nowhere. 

So, I just laid there. Eyes shut. Watching the blue light zigzag around inside my eyelids. 

It was a clinking of metal that caught my attention. Pulled my eyes open. 

Arthur must be at it again. 

Tonight, the noise was just too much and I rolled to get out of bed.

Only to freeze when I saw a dark blob slinking across the floor. The sound of metal clinking together was coming from it. 

I watched - held in place by a mixture of terror and amazement - as it made its way to my coat rack and shoved something in the pocket. The chiming noise, while muffled let me know exactly what it was - change. 

Then the blob slid back down the pole and over to the end table, I couldn’t see what it was doing , but the soft crinkle of paper and a few more tinks of coins hitting one another left me wondering exhaustedly… how it knew how much to leave behind.

Done with its task, the blob seemed to rotate on itself. 

And then I saw eyes.

They were unlike anything I had ever seen before, maybe closest to a fly or maybe a spider. Large and faceted, they glittered orange and green in the glowing neon light from the street.

But they saw me see them.

It froze.

I was too tired for this shit. I knew I had to be hallucinating. Maybe tonight’s order of Chinese food was spoiled, and I was sick. I didn’t know, and honestly it didn’t matter.

But for some reason, I asked, “What are you doing?”

And the blob seemed to undulate up and down in indecision before answering in a strange high voice.

“Paying rent.”

I sat up - and the blob flattened itself onto the floor.

“What?”

“Paying my portion of the rent. $172 give or take,” it said, its eyes shifting to the coatrack and end table.”

I really just didn’t understand. “Why 172 dollars?”

“Well…. I leave forty-seven cents every morning for your coffee five days a week. And $13.55 twice a week for the nights you order in. that’s roughly 172 dollars. “

“Right….” I said, laying down again and closing my eyes. I was going to sleep dammit. “Tell the dust bunny he needs to pay rent too.”

“He already does! That’s how you get your remotes back every night!” The voice twittered, and then was silent.

Horns honking out into the street were my companions into sleep.

\---

The following morning, head busting, I rolled out of bed. A quick shower and I was grabbing my coat as I left out the door.

Stopping for coffee… I found my forty-seven cents in the right-hand pocket, waiting just like every morning.**Author's note: My submission for the most recent WPs Contest. I was eliminated in round one. Hope you enjoy!**

  

“Scott! I asked you to carry that mirror downstairs *yesterday*!” Annie called from the first floor.

“I know! I’m doing it now!”

Scott was standing in front of the oversized mirror looking at his reflection. He was short, with a mop of dark hair and bright blue eyes. His face currently had a frown on it, as the mirror was easily fifty pounds, and he was *not* looking forward to carrying it down the two half flights of stairs that made up the staircase between floors. 

He walked behind it, lifting it off its base. It was wider than he was and wobbled gently as he walked it slowly out the door. As he reached the top of the staircase and looked around the edge, he thought about calling Annie over to help, but changed his mind. It was only fifteen steps downward, then he would just sit it against the front door while he carried the base down. 

Turning sideways, he eased his left foot down to the first step, then his right. *Not so bad*, he thought. He continued onward slowly. One step at a time. Six steps down, and he was at the landing where the staircase made a ninety-degree turn. Seven more stairs downward. As his first foot landed on the staircase, he shifted his whole body and the mirror around to face the direction he needed to go onward. However, the weight of the mirror did not stop when he did. The momentum tipped him and the mirror forward. His second foot, which had not yet met the ground stepped forward, *through* the mirror. The mirror shattered into a shower of shards, and Scott tumbled with the empty frame down the final seven steps.

Annie, who had walked away after asking him to carry it down, heard the commotion and came running around the corner. Later, Scott would thank God that she was a nurse. He had sliced his right leg open from his ankle to his thigh, nicking the artery that ran along the backside of the ankle. He also had cuts on both hands, his face, and had cut open his left arm from his elbow up towards his shoulder. Annie had thought fast, pulling his shirt off, and pressing it to where the blood from his leg had already filled his shoe. She also was one to never set her cellphone down and was able to pull it out of her back pocket to call 911. 

All of this was a blur to Scott, as the sudden blood loss, and a slight concussion from his landing had dulled his senses. All he knew, and she, was that they were lucky he was alive. 78 stitches and two nights in the hospital later and he was home. Unable to walk without crutches or one of those medical scooters, he was homebound. He had heard more than enough from Annie about how he should have just called for her help, and deep down he knew she was right, but it was better for her to complain about his mistakes than linger on the fact that he had very nearly died.

The following morning, Scott sat on a folding chair helping Annie clean up the broken glass. He couldn’t do much other than hold the empty bag, but the house looked like a murder scene. Shards were everywhere and there were bloody foot prints all around the entry way. Along with a clear handprint of where he had tried to catch himself. The whole time Annie avoided looking at him, and only spoke to him when she needed him to do something. That was never a good sign. She was really mad at him. Many of the shards were completely covered in the blood. In the few which weren’t, Scott could see his reflection staring at him from each piece. 

After the house had been cleaned and a routine set up, friends and coworkers visited him. Many making jokes about how breaking a mirror was seven years bad luck. He laughed it off, as he had never been superstitious. That night however as he laid on the couch, he thought about if he had ever broken a mirror before. No, just that one window when he was a kid. 

The following days were slow. Doctors had told him to have limited activity, so he spent most of the day on the couch clicking through the TV channels, past all the daytime soap operas and infomercials. He slept a lot and Annie was a doll taking care of him. She had moved past the anger and now was just worried about him. He frowned at the thought that he was going to have to put off his proposal, as kneeling was out of the question for quite some time. 

As he regained some mobility, he spent a lot of time walking circles around the house. He had a mirror hanging in the front entry, and as he walked past it one day, he caught a glimpse of his reflection in it. As his eyes traveled across the newly forming scar on his nose he frowned. He wasn’t the kind of guy who liked scars. His eyes moved on to themselves, or they tried to. His reflection seemed to still be looking at his nose. But only for a split second. Then his reflection was just… him. Being in the house so long, he was starting to see things. He rubbed his eyes and called Annie to see if she wanted to go to dinner, he needed to get out of the house.

She chose a nice Chinese restaurant, and they were seated in a booth along the wall that ran from the front of the restaurant to the kitchen. Running the entire length of the wall was a mirror. After the incident earlier, Scott tried to avoid looking at it. It was easy enough, since Annie was more than enough to look at. Small, dark hair and brown eyes that glowed whenever she looked at him. Once they ordered, they spent the meal talking about their days they’d had. Scott intentionally left out the part where he saw his reflection behave in an unusual fashion. He didn’t need Annie getting even more worried about him than she already was.

The meal was hot and spicy, just the way Scott liked it, and over the course of it he had all but forgotten about the ‘Mirror Incident.’ That was, until he stood up. It was cold outside, and they had piled both their coats on his side of the booth, and as he leaned forward to grab them, he rested his hand on the mirror. He promptly screamed and fell backwards. 

“Honey! What happened.” Annie was so worried she had turned white, and she was trying to help him off the ground where he had fallen.

“I… I...” He tried to tell her what had happened. That he had felt the warm flesh of another hand pressed exactly against his, but he couldn’t. Not without sounding like he had walked straight into the loony bin. He coughed. “I felt a spider crawl across my hand. You know I hate them.”

Annie nodded, not quite believing him, but people were looking, and she hated drawing attention. Instead, she grabbed his hands and hauled him to his feet. He felt blood welling where he had torn open at least one of the stitches on his leg. He threw his coat over his arm, grabbed his crutches and they were out the door. Neither looking back at the people they knew were staring at them. Once they were in the car Annie turned to him.

“Now what really happened in there? You might hate spiders, but you screamed like you had seen a ghost!”

Scott shook his head. “Annie, I just… got startled. Thought I was going to lose my balance. *Did* lose my balance. It’s nothing. Let’s just get home.”

She turned the ignition and pulled the car out of the dark parking lot. Her eyes were tight, and Scott saw her more than once look at him through the rearview mirror. They didn’t speak though. Once they were home, she wordlessly helped him inside. He could feel that the blood had clotted and started to dry into his jeans, and as he moved it pulled. He hissed in pain as they stepped inside, and Annie turned on the lights. Looking over, she saw the dried blood and went to get her first aid kit after depositing him in the first-floor bathroom.

“Why didn’t you tell me you had torn a stitch. I could have stopped by the hospital.”

“Oh yes. *More* medical bills.”

“You know that I could have done it with no one the wiser.”

“Even better. Stealing.”

He shook his head and she clicked her tongue. The rubbing alcohol burned as she cleaned the tender area. He pulled in a sharp breath of air, but didn’t say anything. She worked with practiced methodical efficiency. Once she was done, she simply left the bathroom. Scott ran his hand through his moppy hair, unsure what to do. Annie knew him. She knew he wasn’t telling her the truth, but he didn’t know what to do. If he told her, she would just think he had gone crazy. He knew if she thought that, she would also think he was a harm to himself or others and wouldn’t hesitate to call 911. He didn’t need to be locked up in a mental hospital. At least, he didn’t *think* he did.

He carefully stood up and leaned over the white ceramic sink. Hung above it was an oval shaped mirror. Looking into it, once again he saw his reflection not looking where he was looking. When it finally did look at him, it smirked. Scott made a face, but his reflection only smiled wider. Then it raised its hand and pressed it against the mirror.

Scott felt compelled to do the same. His right hand shook slightly as he lifted it to the glass. But as his palm fell against it, it was cool to the touch. His shoulders relaxed, and then he heaved a heavy breath of relief. It didn’t last long though, as his reflection’s hand snaked through the mirror and wrapped around his wrist. 

It yanked him, trying to pull him through the mirror. He was to his shoulder before he even realized what happened. He braced his other hand and both legs against the wall. His right leg gave out almost immediately. This left him tilting with no support from the right. He screamed as the apparition pulled him farther into the mirror. He could hear Annie, running down the stairs screaming at him, asking if he was okay. But he was being pulled harder, fasting into the glass. As his head passed though it felt like he was dragged underwater. Then, he was completely on the other side. Alone.

He turned, just in time to see his reflection straightening his shirt in his place. Outside the mirror. Annie opened the door. As reflection-Scott turned, Scott felt himself being turned in the opposite direction, as if on puppet strings. He tried to turn back around, but he was not in control of his own body. Facing away from the mirror, he saw the bathroom in which he had just stood, but reversed. An Annie, just like his own had walked through this bathroom door. 

Her eyes were on him, her mouth moving in a crude mock of his own Annie.

In a strange hollow echo, he heard his Annie asking the imposter, “Scott! Good lord! What is going on with you? Are you okay? Why were you screaming.”

She sounded so worried and Scott once again tried to turn around to look, but was stuck in place. The reflection-Annie was looking at him with narrowed eyes, still perfectly miming the real thing. Then he heard it. His own voice, distorted through the barrier.

“Annie, I’m so sorry. It’s just so hard, not being at work. I have nightmare of the accident. If you hadn’t been there...”

The reflection-Annie stepped toward him, pulling him into a hug. He could feel her mouth moving against his ear, again, the hollow echo resonated in her words.

“Oh Scott. I’ve been so worried about you. When I came around that corner. All I saw was blood and glass. My training just took over. If it hadn’t… If I had frozen... I think about that every night. About how I could have lost you.”

She was crying now. So was his real Annie. The reflection Annie, and the strings that seemed to be attached to him pulled them both to the ground. His arms moved on their own volition to wrap themselves around this not-Annie. He tried screaming out, tried turning, tried anything to move - nothing worked. He was trapped.

After what seemed like eternity, but couldn’t have been more than half an hour, not-Annie squeezed him tight, and pulled him into a deep kiss. The kind of kiss that he had only ever had with Annie. It felt so wrong, knowing that his Annie was mere feet away at his back. He felt his eyes tear up, and he wondered if this was his own body, or if not-him was faking tears. It didn’t matter. All he wanted right now was to cry. To hold his Annie. He hadn’t known how she had felt.

Then the fake kiss was over. They both were standing, and then, she left him in the bathroom. The door closed, and suddenly he was able to whirl around and look at his doppelgänger. The reflection was standing there as if he didn’t have stitches running up the length of his right leg. He was relaxed and smiling - just watching Scott panic. He looked like he was enjoying it. He did not speak, even as Scott screamed and banged against the mirror. He just waved and turned away. The last thing Scott could hear before the mirror went dark as the not-Scott walked out of sight was him asking Annie loudly if she wanted to watch a movie on the couch. 

After the mirror turned into a slate gray pane, Scott turned around and yanked the not-bathroom door open. It revealed the rest of Scott’s house in reverse, not-Annie standing just on the other side of the door. She looked scared of Scott, but she obviously had something she wanted to say.

“I know that you are kind to the other me. I see and hear it, every time you are both in front of a mirror. But your reflection, he… he is not kind. He is mean. Dangerous. We have to get you back to your Annie. She’s in danger.”

He was taken aback. His reflection was evil? What the hell. As he looked at the not-Annie, it became even clearer that this was not his Annie. Her posture and attitude were both subdued. She refused to look him in the eye. The Annie he knew was bright, outgoing, and fearless. 

Scott took a deep breath, and then chose to not point out anything obvious or overreact to what she had just told him, instead he got to the point of it, “Well, how do I get back?”

Again, she didn’t look at him, she kicked at a bit of dirt on the floor. “The same way you got here. You have to trade places with him. Pull him back in here.”

“How am I suppo -” Suddenly Scott felt as if he was being ripped through walls. Then he and not-Annie were posed in front of the mirror in the living room, he couldn’t move again, and he had a blanket in his hands.

“I have been having nightmares from the mirrors. Can we just cover them for a bit?” Not-him was talking to Annie, while carefully covering the mirror. Just before it was completely covered, he winked at Scott. Then, he was gone. Again.# 

I turned back around to get a better look at the inside of the factory. Fake plants decorated the small antechamber, and there were a few chairs that looked like they had had one too many Oreo eating visitor sit in them. I wished I had my backpack, as I at least had a knife in it. In here, I was weaponless. Who knew if there was anyone other than that girl? Some one had to have buzzed her through the gate originally.

Past the secretary’s skeleton there was a set of steel double doors with safety glass panels that I could see past the metal grid into the bulk of the factory. I gave one an experimental push, and it swung open silently. Stepping through, I found myself standing on a catwalk overlooking machinery as far as I could see. I was pretty sure that the factory was smaller than this on the outside. There was a ladder like staircase to my left leading upward to an office of some kind, and another steep staircase leading down to the factory floor on the right.

I almost didn’t recognize the face that peered down at me from the office like room upstairs, but it was the girl. It had to be. She had short brown hair, and a smattering of freckles across her face. She was also holding the intercom microphone and waved at me when she saw me looking.

“Oh it’s so good to see you Derrick! Welcome!”

I took one step up the staircase before she made and overly exaggerated sad face. 

“Come now, we both know I have this door locked! If you want to leave, you’re going to have to find the exit! Go on now. Head down to the factory floor!”

She waved, and angrily I climbed down the steps. Getting down to the bottom floor and looking out, I wasn’t sure I could see the far wall. 

“Let’s go on a little tour shall we?” The high pitched voice echoed across the factory from every speaker. 

“Walk forward oh, ten steps. There we are! Now, here is the cream making vats…”  


She carried on as she directed me from one piece of machinery to the next. The vats had been dug deep into the ground, and were twenty feet across. There had been 4 of them and they had bubbled sickeningly with hot cream. I could feel the bile rise in my throat looking at it. 

She had then lead me to the cookie dough mixer. Ingredients were mixing slowly around the large pots, hundreds of batches all in a line. Then to the machine that rolled the dough out, the one that cut the dough into circles, and the one that stamped the emblem into the cookie. Then to the oven. It was large enough that I could have walked inside of it and not been able to touch the walls or ceiling. Not that I wanted to try. Instead, she had me walk around it, peering in at the convryor belt that rolled along, baking the cookies as they moved. Then the machine that made the iconic sandwiches. 

“Oh look over here, they were developing a cookie that was nearly five times as much cream filling as normal! They called it “The Most Stuff!” It looked so good too.”

I looked and wanted to puke. Oreo’s that looked like if you bit into them all the cream would come spilling out sat on a lonely shelf. I was getting frustrated. What was the point of the little tour? And who was keeping the factory running? I looked around and was startled to realize I had no idea of where I was. I couldn’t see past any of the machines, and I was now near the packaging machine, the noise it was making so loud that it echoed off the others. I could faintly hear the tinkling laughter over the intercom and I started running.

I didn’t know where to go, so I just picked a direction. Any way, just had to get to a wall. But the longer I ran, the more disoriented I became. The laughter followed me everywhere. All the different machines were starting to look the same. Finally, I collapsed, crawling under a conveyor belt and praying that the laughter would stop. I don’t remember falling asleep, but I must have. My hands gripping my ears, and curled into a fetal position. One moment, laughter. The next silence. 

**Author’s note: Hello readers! I hope you are enjoying Oreo Apocalypse. If you haven’t heard already, I’ve updated my**  **page with short descriptions of each of my stories. Also, if you want to talk to me come join the Discord! Several authors from WPs all share a discord. Why? Another way to receive updates, and to talk to us in real time.** **I am probably going to try to update Oreo Apocalypse once a week from this point out, until it's finished (I imagine 3 more parts or so? Who knows). I am going to aim for Fridays to post on it. Thanks for reading!**“One. Two. Three…”

Screams  of laughter, including my own filled the air. Our parents had brought  us to church this morning, and the youth pastor wasn’t there. One of the  older kids had taken charge and had us playing games. First it was Tag,  then it was Simon Says. Now we are playing hide and go seek! I think  this one is my favorite. I *always* win.

Where  should I hide this time? I run away from Abby, she’s the finder this  game. I have until she counts to twenty. I run into the kitchen. I look  at the cabinet under the sink, but when I open the door, the spiders  scare me. I close it.

“Eighteen! Nineteen!”

Oh  no! I’m running out of time. I don’t want to be caught just because I  ran out of time to hide. Then I see it. The perfect hiding space. The  old deep freezer. Its door is slightly open. I peek in, hearing Abby  shout twenty, and see all the shelves have been removed. It’s more than  big enough for me to sit in.

I climb in.

The  door swings behind me, and closes, but I push against it and it opens  again. So I pull it shut. I don’t want her to see me peeking out! I put  my hand over my mouth to stop my giggles. She won’t find me here!

I  can hear them! Abby found someone else, they are both in the kitchen  looking for other players. Abby, Matt, Avery, Jonah, Lily… they are all  playing. And Margie, she's the one who picked the games! I can hear  running! I wonder who is helping Abby look. I giggle again. This time  not bothering to cover my mouth.

It’s  pretty dark in here. And warm. I yawn and close my eyes. It's not like  they are helping by being open anyways. I smile. They’ll never find me  in here.

When I wake up it’s not so dark  any more. I yawn and step out of the freezer. The kitchen is dark  though, I look out the window. It’s dark outside. As I go out to the  main hall I see Abby. She is crying. I don’t want her to see me, she  still hasn’t found me! So I duck under a table with a long tablecloth. I  wonder why she’s crying. Maybe because she couldn’t find me?

I  peek out. Oh! She’s talking to a police officer. I wonder if she’s in  trouble. I don’t want to be in trouble too, so I stay under the table.  Lot’s of feet I don’t recognize walk by. I get tired again, and fall  asleep under the table. This time when I wake up, its morning.

That’s  weird. I wonder where Mommy is. She wouldn’t have let me sleep at the  church. I crawl out from under the table, and hear noise coming from the  main chapel. I walk over, and peek my head in. I don’t see Mommy, but  there are even more police officers. Now I’m worried. Maybe I’m in  trouble for being such a good hider.

I think about going up to one of them, but I get scared. I don’t want to be in trouble. I *want*  Mommy. I decide to go back to the kitchen. It’s still dark. What am I  going to do? I sit down and start to cry. I want to go home. I don’t  know how to get home though. Crying has made me tired, so I crawl back  in the freezer. It’s not as warm as I remember it. Maybe Mommy will be  here when I wake up.

I wake up, and can  hear people. Maybe Mommy is here now? I get out of the freezer, and as I  look around the corner I see everyone who was playing Hide and seek!  They all look sad? Tired? Not right, but I see Abby look this way and so  I pull my head back and run back for my hiding spot. I want don’t want  her to win! I’m the best hider! I get in the freezer, just in time to  hear Abby and everyone else walking around, calling my name! Wow! I’m so  good at hide and seek even the adults are playing.

Then  I hear her. Mommy. She is calling my name! Leah! That’s me! I won’t  hide from Mommy! I jump out of my hiding spot and go running for her. I  can hear her calling me! But she’s not in the kitchen, the entry or the  chapple. I look outside. She’s in the garden. She sits down on the  bench, just as I go outside. She’s crying, her face in her hands.

“Mommy!  Here I am! What’s wrong?” I sit next to her, but she doesn’t look up. I  get uneasy. Last time mommy cried like this was when daddy went away.

“Mommy!  I’m here! Look!” I want to cry too, seeing how sad mommy is. But she  doesn’t look up. I hear the door open, and see a police officer walking  this way. I run over to the hydrangea bush, and hide. Maybe mommy isn’t  talking to me because I’m in trouble.

He  starts to speak to her, “Ma’am, we’ve found her.” Mommy looks up again,  and starts to sob. I want to hug her, but I don’t want the police  officer to see me. And who did they find? They get up and start to go  inside. I want to follow. But I feel a tap on my shoulder. I turn.  Daddy?!

“DADDY!” I missed him so much. I  start to cry and hug him. He hugs me back. Mommy said he was never  coming back. But here he is! He picks me up, and I bury my face in his  shoulder. I never want to let him go.

“Oh Daddy! Where were you? Mommy said you were gone! But here you are!”

“Leah, angel. I’m here now. You’re going to go home with me now.”

“But what about mommy? She looked so sad!” I look up at him, and he looks sad too, but he smiles at me.

“She’ll see us soon, okay pumpkin?”

I nod my head. I put my head down and keep hugging him. I missed him so much.Vyrdan blinked his eyes groggily while he stretched his wings.

Or tried to.

The leathery skin quickly came in contact with cold stone.

That woke him up quickly. Blinking his large green eyes he shifted his head to look around, only to feel a cold metal ring clasped around his neck. He was on top a turret, the stone walls high but open to the sky. Infuriated, he tried to surge to his feet, only to find that chains had been draped across his back and tail.

A giggle drew his attention directly in front of him. Standing before him was a beautiful woman. Her black hair was ornamented with a fine silver diadem, and she wore silks that hugged her figure tightly. Vyrdan turned his large head to see her out of one eye – as she was standing slightly too close to him and his eyes were crossing trying to look at her.

Once he could see all of her, he saw the long silver chain that hung from around her neck that held a large sigil. She was of the house Loraine – a princess of one of the small kingdoms that dotted the country side.

“Good morning great one, I hope that your head doesn’t hurt too badly,” she said with another giggle.

Vyrdan bared his teeth at her, issuing a small growl. How had he gotten here? He was a large dragon, and she was a very small human… not to mention there would have been no way to get his body up here.

She was right though, his head did hurt. What had he been doing last night?

*Oh yes, he had been drinking in his human form last night*.

He groaned as he closed all three sets of eyelids. Another peal of laughter.

*Why am I here?* he asked her directly.

“Why not? You let yourself be kidnapped. I thought perhaps someone would pay a ransom for you.” She sounded quite pleased with herself.

\*What’s keeping from just crisping you and then leaving? \*Vyrdan was tempted to do just that.

“Oh now that wouldn’t be –“

He opened his maw and breathed his hottest flame at her.

“Really now?!” she said, still standing there. Alive. “I thought we were having fun!”

*Go jump off a turret… Oh look, we’re on one! Perfect! Just jump now!*

She harrumphed stamping a slippered foot. It wasn’t even singed.

*Why am I here Princess?* Vyrdan asked again. Human’s were so trivial. He saw her fiddling with a ring on one finger, it must have been what protected her from the flames.

“Like I said, I thought I would hold you for ransom. You are the wizard Vyrdan correct? I want your Thudersoul Grimoire.”

Vyrdan chuckled. She was smarter than he would have given her credit for.

*No can do. I don’t have it*, he said smugly.

“Oh I know – your apprentice Oreille does, doesn’t she?”

Vyrdan laughed outright, causing the turret to shake slightly. The princess’s face paled.

*Oreille would be the last one to hand it over for me.*

“But she’s your apprentice?” Vyrdan could see this was not going the way the princess wanted.

*She wants power. The grimoire has power. Now princess* – Vyrdan paused waiting for the girl to supply her name.

“Princess Wynona,” she said dourly.

*Princess Wynona, I am going to leave now. It’s been fun.*

Vyrdan once again closed his eyes, focusing on the magic that surrounded him, trying to pull it into himself to shift back to his human form. He was just going to let the chains fall off of him then shift back and fly away.

Only… it wasn’t working.

“Right, about that. You aren’t leaving. Not until I have my grimoire,” she smirked, and headed for the stairs.  “I’ve already sent a messenger out to Oreille. I hope you’re wrong about her!”

And she was gone.

And Vyrdan was left on top of an unfamiliar turret, stuck in his draconic form, chained to several tons of stone.   Oreille was going to have such a laugh at him.# 

I woke dazed and confused. I didn’t know where I was, or how I had gotten there. Everything was so bright. I rubbed my eyes, trying to make the world come into focus. It was moving. *I* was moving. But I wasn’t walking, or even standing up.

I tried to jump to my feet, but something had a hold of my clothing. Using my arms, I forced myself upright. Looking down along my side, i saw small silver … bugs? I grabbed one.

It looked like an ant. Except it was silver and metallic. A small microphone buzzed from inside the ant and I could hear *her* voice again.

“Oh! Aren’t they cute! Tiny robotic ants, designed to carry the Oreo packages out into the wastelands. My father really was a genius.”

Her awful tinkling laughter rang from the speakers of each ant attached to me. I tried to brush them off, but they hung on tenaciously. I didn’t care that tiny robotic ants were clinging to me. What I cared about was that she hadn’t stopped laughing. Again.

“So, uh, ants huh? No one notices bugs do they? Rather ingenious.”

That stopped her laughter, I could hear the excited gasp as she drew in breath.

“Brilliant I think! Dad always had a knack for these kinds of things.”

“What else do they do? They must be extremely strong to carry me… Where were they taking me?”

“Oh, just to a vat of filling. Don’t worry about it.”

I shook my head. *Oh, I’m just trying to kill you - don’t worry.* Of course I was going to worry. Crazy bitch.

“So, what else do they do?”

“Well, they are the one’s keeping the factory running. Producing more Oreos.”

I hadn’t been moving this whole time. I was still lost in the impossibly large building, surrounded by machines so large that I couldn’t see past them.

“You know my name - it's only fair if I know your’s.” I was desperate for information, anything that could help me get out of here.

“Oh silly Derick. You know my name!” More laughter.

“I do, do I?” Fuck. I know this crazy chick?

“Need a clue? We went to the same elementary school.”

“Okay, that narrows it down… NONE.”

All I could think was, *if I get out of this shithole, I’m killing this bitch.* Not really helpful, but it made me feel better.

“Oh come on now. We were rivals of sorts.”

Now who would I have been rivals with? And over what? I wracked my mind trying to think of who this girl was.

“Look around, I’m *sure* it will come to you.” Her voice was taunting.

What would she mean look around? I know where I’m at. The Oreo factory. She already said her dad worked here. I didn’t know anyone from New Jersey.

“Oh you can’t be that dense!” She was getting frustrated. She obviously thought I should know her.

“Oreos. Think Oreos.”

Oreos? I closed my eyes and focused. I’d had a lifetime supply of Oreos for so long now.... Since ELEMENTARY SCHOOL!

“CASEY!” I was so furious I couldn’t hold back a scream.

More of that damn laughter. I was going to kill her. I remembered her now. She had been just as addicted to winning a lifetime supply of Oreos as I had. I don’t remember seeing her much after I won. But she would bring package after package to school for lunch. Not even eating them. Just looking for a winning cookie.

“You do remember me!” She sounded downright gleeful. “You know, it’s all your fault we’re here!”

“What do you mean it’s my fault?”

Surviving this long after the bombs, Dad and I hadn’t done anything other than focus on the next day. We should never have come after finding that open package.

“You and all the other Oreo winners. You kept my father here. I… I didn’t make it in time. He was already gone before I got here. If you all hadn’t won, then he could have left here a free man.” She was choking up. Not laughing now.

“Casey, that’s not my fault. It’s none of the winner’s faults. If anything, it’s the fault of Nabisco for holding the competitions in the first place.”

The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. “You know what? In fact, it’s your father’s fault for staying. He didn’t need to keep us supplied with Oreos. He *chose* to do that.”

An unintelligible scream was all that answered that. I had really made her mad now. The scream pulled me out of whatever daze had held me still. I started running again. I either needed to get out of here, or get to her. One way or another, I was going to survive.

**Author's   Note: Thanks for reading Oreo Apocalypse! Want  to let me know what you  think about my writing? Come join me and a few  other authors from WPs  on our discord server!** 

&#x200B;

#I sat, tapping my nails on my desk, ready to get out of here. It was almost time to go home and I had had enough of George today. He had asked if I wanted another donut just over a dozen times. I had already said no. He didn’t need to ask again. But that is just his way. He simply doesn’t have the IQ involved in higher thinking. Honestly at this point, I think that his luck is the only thing keeping him alive. 

Then there’s me. Alex. Annnnd there goes a nail. One of the nails I had been tapping snapped in half, all the way down the nail. Of course. I am intelligent. The most intelligent according to some. My IQ is somewhere around the 200s. I don’t really care. I could be happy being mediocre, and average 100. It would certainly make my life easier. You see, a person’s luck is directly tied to their intelligence. So George over there? Luckiest man alive. Me? Most unlucky woman alive. 

We work together at the office of Misuse of Luck and Intelligence. His luck allows us to find people who are manipulating their luck/intelligence ratio, while my intelligence, does all the hard lifting. The research, the interviews, the actual determination of whether they are misusing their abilities. The last case was a man trying to increase his intellect, and his luck was just high enough currently that he was succeeding, but every time he would get there, something would go wrong due to his lowered luck. 

What a life to live. So many average people with average luck. Nothing too good, or too bad happening. Then there’s me. I think it’s part of my “luck” that I get to work with George. I think that the peon who created this position thought that our lucks would even out. But they don’t. Nor do our intelligences. Every day is the same. George miraculously gets a name off a compiled list of everyone in the city, and somehow he just knows who’s jacking with their luck. I come in, start my research, and George orders food. Which almost always has too much by accident. And then he gives me some. Which almost always is something I’m allergic to. In the trash it goes, and I eat my normal lunch. Then I keep working, and he keeps eating. 

What a great existence I lead. The government, in an attempt to keep me safe, has even set up quarters for me here, as I am a magnet for traffic accidents and broken limbs. Even still, yesterday the carpet in the hall suddenly became detached from the floor and I went flying forward. George was walking in front of me, and caught me. His luck. Not mine. He lives here too. Because that’s what would be best for him, in his opinion. I just wish I was normal. Average.

“Alex. Stop thinking that way. Your name keeps popping up on my list.” 

Then there’s that. I can’t even think about wanting to be average without George thinking that I am going to harm my intelligence so that my luck increases. It wouldn’t be the first time we’ve seen it. Many people of higher IQs are forced to try and damage their brains so that they can stay alive. Their unluckiness being almost fatal in itself. Their cases always  make me sad. I completely empathize. But not only does George let me know he knows what I’m thinking about, I’m monitored at all times. The head honchos of the government don’t want to lose me. 

The clock hits 5. Time to go “home” and get ready to do it all again tomorrow.Space - cold, dark… Lonely.

As the captain of the last colony ship of the once great race of humans, I am here to oversee the death of my people. We set off from a dying planet in a last ditch attempt to save ourselves. But what we didn’t know at the time was that our planet’s death was not an isolated incident.

All over the known galaxy, black holes were expanding. Stars were going supernova. Planets were losing their very grip on the orbits they had followed for eons, only to crash into one another. Everywhere we searched, all that we found was more death. More destruction. and it was expanding. 

The death of the universe as we know it is upon us. Once, a long long time ago, I thought this ship too large. Too slow. but in the ocean that is space - it is smaller than a grain of sand. The life upon it fleeting. I used to sit in my office, drinking because we were the last. Now I sit in my office drinking because the thought of the universe dying was more terrifying than the thought of all of humanity dying.

Silence has been my only companion for longer than I can remember. All those lives, rescued from a dying planet, put to sleep and stored away like luggage on a plane. The whole ship might as well be automatic. I don’t even need to be here. That’s what I tell myself often. But then I think of my wife, my daughters. They are asleep with everyone else. They knew that I would most likely be gone when they awoke. 

I’m a weak man. I’ve slept away years of travel. Sometimes the silence becomes too much. But this last time, when I awoke, something was different. Space, and ever expanding darkness was somehow darker, colder. I had poured over the files, the data collected as we drifted through space. Originally I had wanted to drink more, and then sleep more. But as I sat in a drunken stupor a noise that I never thought I would hear again sounded. 

A faint buzzing. It had taken me three walks around the bridge to locate the source. An old comms station. It was a radio. At first I had thought it was the hardware frying itself, but as I turned the dial, trying to rid myself of the noise, words barely whispers, but louder than shouts after all the silence. 

“Icarus? Icarus 1? Please respond. This is Prometheus 3! We have locked onto your location. More Arc ships incoming at the rendezvous. Heaven has been located.”

I fell into the chair stationed in front of the radio, my hands finding the knobs and switches to activate. I flipped the microphone into life and in the loudest tone that my long muted voice could produce I answered, “Prometheus 3, this is Icarus 1. Ready to rendezvous.”Part 2

I didn’t say anything to Pa, instead, I just lowered the sword and said “Pa, I’m tired. Help me out of this armor and can talk more tomorrow.” 

He seemed surprised, as he was the only one who knew of my ambitions to be a Dragon Knight. He nodded, and we took the armor off, and neatly placed it on the rack it was held on. The sword had no scabbard, so I simply laid it in front of the armor as it had always been. I couldn’t stop thinking about the dragon. It was different than I ever imagined. I mean, I had scales right here to know just how big they could be, but … the dragon had been massive, but the sword had sliced right through its neck in one movement. 

The armor hadn’t brought on any memories, but the sword… I would have to be careful with it. Magic was a thing I did not mess with. I had rudimentary classes in it, but I had no skill, and had simply learned how to best attack mages and to detect spells that might harm me. Enchanted items were a whole other issue. They were dangerous and unpredictable. I would have to find a mage to tell me what exactly was going on with that sword. But I would have to be careful, since from the moment I left with the armor, I would be a Dragon Knight. The first in a thousand years, and I would still be hunted for a crime my ancestor had committed. 

It was a risk I was willing to take. As a knight of the realm, I was entitled to the best forged armor, but the dragon scale armor would be hands and fists above anything man made. Dragons were immune to magic, and their scales while tough and nearly impenetrable, were light, and cool - the opposite of plate armor. And that sword. If it wasn’t enchanted, it was still sharper than any other I had ever seen and seemed to glow even without candlelight shining on it. 

I stayed with my father for nearly a week. We visited my mother’s grave, and I was able to say my proper goodbyes. He was proud of me, he told me over and over. He asked many times if I was sure I wanted to take up the mantle of Dragon Knight, but I insisted. He feared, not for his life, but my own. It would be a long time before I would return. I told him that I didn’t know when I would return, but I would write to him as often as I had the supplies. His letters might not be able to find me, but mine would always find him.

The morning six days after I first rode into town, I donned the dragon armor, wrapped the dragon-slaying sword in linen, and strapped the sword the king had knighted me with around my waist. I carefully placed my plate armor on the stand the dragon armor had previously inhabited. My father simply stood watching me, his fear and pride written on his face. I turned, and we both reached for each other for a final embrace, before I strode out of the house and mounted my warhorse. 

I left to the southeast of the town, as the capitol was to the northwest. However, before I left, I rode to the center of town and waited to be noticed. It didn’t take long, as the armor was a ruby red and glistening in the sunlight. I heard exclamations and muttering as townsfolk surrounded me. 

“I am Sir Sagan, The last Dragon Knight! I ride to seek my fame, and the last of the dragons. I have had a vision, saying another dragon will rise.” 

Okay, so I may be exaggerated that last bit. As the dragon in the vision… memory? had said he wasn’t the last dragon. Or wouldn’t be. It didn’t matter. I needed to spread the word that a Dragon Knight existed. Rumor would spread, and I would continue to announce my existence as I traveled. Now why would I do this? Because I was going to change the history of the Dragon Knights. I was going to tame this dragon, if it existed. I had known I was going to do this from the day I had found out that the knights had disobeyed their king. 

With the townspeople muttering and watching me nervously I kicked my steed into a gallop and rushed out of town. I rode like that until the village was well out of sight, then I slowed my mount. I needed to know where I was going. We had learned that the capitol of the country had moved about 300 years ago, the last abandoned due to a troll infestation. The Knights of the Realm had tried to clear them out, but had been unsuccessful, and to keep the king and his people safe, the town had been abandoned. 

I would go there first and look for more history of the Dragon Knights. It was a long shot, and the trolls, if they still lived there, would prove a dangerous obstacle. I rode on, stopping only for food and to relieve myself. I hunted when I needed, for I was proficient with bow and arrow, and camped late after the sun set and was off with the first light of every day. It was a week’s ride, and even in the lighter armor, I still felt weighed down and sore. I didn’t often ride for long stretches of time. 

The day I arrived, I rode in a wide circle around the abandoned castle. The trolls had done a number on it over the years, with the north and east walls having fallen in several places, and one of the towers having collapsed. There was no trace of the village that had once surrounded the place. 

I could only hope that rooms inside the castle may still be untouched, perhaps too small of doors for the trolls to enter. I could easily see their encampments in the courtyard and in the surrounding areas. Smart enough to build rudimentary housing, but not enough to set a guard watch, they did not see me as I watched them throughout the day. By nightfall, most collapsed where they stood or made their way to one of the shacks. Snoring filled the air, and I cautiously decided to enter. I snuck along, having wrapped my boots in more linen, and thanked the gods that my armor didn’t rattle the way metal did. 

Why was I being this stupid? The place was dangerous, and I was only one man. I gently crawled over one of the spots the wall had collapsed and approached the castle. The doors somehow were still there, though one side hung from only one hinge and the other had been shoved open so far that it had folded in half. Inside the main hall I stopped and briefly thought about turning around. The largest troll I had ever seen lay in the middle with females surrounding him. His bed… nest… whatever it was, was placed on the dais that the king’s throne had once sat upon. 

I took the deepest breath I could without gasping and continued on. Up the stairs and looked around. I had no idea where to go, and I didn’t know if there were any trolls around. I cursed to myself and decided that the library would probably be located in the same place as the current castle. Or at least nearby. 

I got lucky with that, as it was near where I thought it might be. However, that was where my luck ran out. The shelves were empty, the few that were still standing, and nothing remained hanging on the walls. I wanted to scream my frustration, but I dared not. My life depended on it. I turned on my heel and snuck back out of the decrepit castle. I wanted to kill a troll, but I would be unsuccessful in the middle of their camp. I might kill one, but the smell of blood would wake the others. I made it back to my horse and sat slumped on the ground. Now what? I stood and paced. It was a stupid half brained idea in the first place. Why was I so upset? I didn’t know. I decided to make camp and sleep the rest of the night.

I was awoken to a roar. Or a scream? Something in-between. My eyes snapped open and I saw the troll from the castle looming over me. Training kicked in. I grabbed my sword, I slept with it next to me, and lurched to the side as the thing swung a giant four fingered fist at me. His fist was larger than my head. I swung at his legs, but my sword just bounced off his hard skin. I would have to stab, and hope my sword was sharp enough. He swung again, this time with his other fist. He collided with the side of my shoulder, my roll this time not quite fast enough. I went sprawling, but before I even landed I was twisting my body, making myself move out of the way. He stomped at my, and I raised my sword, plunging it into his calf. He roared again, and before I could withdraw my weapon he was trying to grab me. It was let go of the sword and get away … or pull and be grabbed. I let go. 

The troll pulled the sword out of his own leg, roaring again, and grasping the blade in both hands, twisted. It shattered into pieces, cutting the troll, but he did not care. All he cared about was getting me. I was dead. So dead. I raced for my horse, who was trained for battle and had not run away and grabbed the linen wrapped sword. If it could slay a dragon, it could kill a troll, right? 

As soon as I grabbed the hilt, I was there in front of the dragon about to slay it again. I heard it roar a second time that it would not be the last dragon, and then I was back. But that memory had lost me precious time. The troll was upon me. Reaching down. I swung. The hand that had reached out for me suddenly had no fingers. The troll looked at it dumbly, but it continued its swipe, knocking me down instead of grabbing me. I rolled again, and like the first time, swiped for the troll’s legs. They cut like fresh butter - the troll falling like a felled tree. It screamed in agony, and I stood, breathing hard. 

It was almost pathetic looking at this point. It’s dark grey skin was paling and the hand that still had digits was waving in the air as though to grab onto some invisible rope. I stepped on its gut and walked up its belly, and with one fell motion, stabbed it in the heart. Blood squirted, and the arm fell to the troll’s side. As the body relaxed, I slid to the side, and hopped to the ground before slumping against the reeking corpse and looking at the blood covered sword. What was this thing?#  

Lost. Again. God damn it. What the fuck is this place? I was so lost at this point. Looking around, I saw more of the robotic ants trailing along the floor, and I slammed my food down on them. The crunch was so satisfying, but knowing that there were millions more took away from the feeling. 

Seeing another oven, I climb on top of it to try and get a better view of the factory. I could feel ants pulling at me legs, trying to keep me down. I managed to pull myself up the ladder attached to the side of the structure. 

Standing and looking around, I see nothing but machinery. The office where Casey resided completely out of sight. The sickenly sweet smell of the icing wafted up from an extremely large vat across from where I stood.

As I watched, it bubbled and roiled. Emerging from the pit was a giant creature made of cookies and cream. It kept growing and growing until it towered over me. I could see thousands of the little metallic ants rushing to join, each carrying a oreo wafer.

I couldn’t do anything other than look upon it in horror. Like, what the fuck. Reruns of the movie Ghostbusters flashed in my mind, and the Stay Puft Man. A lopsided face appeared in the goop like a melting snowman. The grin was demonic but as a dripping giant leg developed and stepped out of the pool, it terrified me into motion. 

I leapt down from the oven, sprinting away from the monster. I could see it lumbering after me, overshadowing all the machines. The floor shook as it started to run, its legs much larger than my own. Each step globs of creme fell to the floor.

I put all my energy into getting away, not looking back. That was, until a splatter of cream hit me in the back of my head. Glancing behind, the monster had formed a hand that was reaching down towards me. 

I’m not proud to say this, but I shit my pants as it reached around me. At first i started to slide though the mixture of cream and wafer, until a skeletal structure of ants tightened around me. I screamed until sugary sweetness filled my mouth. Terrified, I spit it out, trying to keep my mouth closed. 

My vision darkened as the behemoth continued to carry me away. My last thought was I hoped the icing wasn’t potent enough to kill me in such a small quantity. 

\---

Waking up, my clothes were stiff, covered in cooling icing. My breathing was burning. My eyelids seemed to be glued shut. However, I could clearly hear the laughter from Casey. 

Close at hand. 

I moved my hand to my face, dried filling flaking off as I moved. I needed to see. I was going to get out of here if I could just kill her. 

Eyes finally open, I see her standing above me. As I tried to move, my legs and hips were constrained. I look down to see more of those awful ants tethering me. How many of them were there?! 

“Oh good! You’re awake! I was worried you had ingested too much of the contaminated icing!”

“Why are you doing this Casey? Because your daddy didn’t love you enough to leave a factory and come find you?” I croaked.

She kicked me in the temple and I immediately passed out again."Inarth! I curse you! Forsaking me for *her*! May all your offspring be weaker than the last!" screamed Berti as she dissapeared with a sound like a crack of a whip.

_____

Inarth shook his head, three centuries ago Berti had cursed him. He had had nearly twenty children in that time with Varga, but this would be their last. She had died in childbirth. He had bound his soul to hers, and there would be no others. 

Inarth forced himself to look down at his newborn child. Her eyes were a golden shade, and her black hair silky. Even as he watched her her hair lengthened and she grew longer. She blinked up and him, and made a strang noise. Normally his children screamed when they saw him, but the gurgle that the girl made was closer to a mortal's giggle. 

She would not do, she could not be his heir, his legacy to this world. She would be weak, just as Berti had said. While not ideal, Inarth's last son, Jalon, would have to do. He had his flaws, but at least he did not giggle. 

Inarth shook his head and summoned a ball of flame in his left hand, his right outstreached holding the child. Her eyes fixated on the flame, and thinking it was a shame that a child of his would dare to smile, shot it at the babe who was quickly morphing into a toddler. 

She laughed this time, and the fire dissapated around her. This inraged Inarth, who grabbed her with both hands and summoned the flames of hell to surround her. She waved her small arms, trying to grab hold a lick of flame. 

He summoned a blade, and aimed it for her heart, and as he plunged it in, she *became* flame. So hot, that the skin on his arms bubbled. He screamed in pain, and dropped the child. She was a child by now, about the size of a mortal six year old. 

Inarth felt a flash of fear, it had taken Jalon almost a full day to age to this point, and there was Varga's body not even cold yet, and this child was capable of walking. He would not be able to kill her. He would have to raise her, and hope she died in an accident, else she would be the death of him.

______


Demon-born children took days to age to adult hood, weeks to truely understand the nature of the world.  They would spend the first century of their lives living among mortals, learning how best to corrupt thier souls.  

Suvi was nearly twenty years old. She had lived among the humans for only ten years. Her father, Inarth had insisted she was not ready for it. Even now, Jalon, her brother shadowed her every move. Father had nearly sent her home within her first day. They had gone to a city, and a man, laying in the gutter crying had caught her attention. 

She had asked him what was wrong, and he had told her he was cold and hungry, with no money to his name. She had felt so bad for him she had summoned him food and clothing and money. The smile he had given her had warmed her to the core. 

Father and Jalon had taken her home so fast her head spun. She had been lectured, and told that humans did not deserve that kind of treatment. If they wanted it, they had to earn it, by selling their souls. That abhored her, but she had kept her mouth shut because she had wanted to go back. The humans had facinated her. 

She had had to follow Jalon for a year. She thought he could be kind if given the right opprotunity, but he seemed to follow Father's every word. She had played the good child in this time, knowing that Jalon was following her, and reporting everything back to Father. 

But she would be allowed back on her own soon, and then she could begin truely planning on how to convert Jalon over to her side. 


First response in a while. Kinda lost the prompt, but hey. Some words are better than none. 

r/LandOfMisfitsLies.

That’s  what they told me. Everything I have ever known was lies. The medicine?  The wheelchair? The homeschooling because I was too weak? All of it  lies.

She’s gone, and I’m alone. Who will take care of me?

There  is a knock on the door and I’m wheeling myself to it before I know what  else to do. I open it, and there stands a woman in her mid-thirties,  pantsuit and file, looking down at me with a frown. I think about  shutting the door, but instead roll my chair back a few feet for her to  enter. She stands inside the door. Waiting. Looking at me.

She  must want me to show her in, I look over my shoulder waiting for  Mother, but then I remember they took her away. I awkwardly roll into  the living room with this woman following me. She has yet to say a word,  but her frown has deepened.

I roll my  chair into its normal place and gesture for the woman to have a seat.  She does. I wait, and so does she. It’s terribly awkward. I don’t talk  to many people other than Mother. She says I’m too weak for prolonged  speech.

“Thea, I’m Caroline. I have been  assigned your caseworker. I will be taking you to a foster home, but my  car isn’t ADA accessible, I was told you were able to walk?”

I  stared. She was going to take me out of the house? Mother didn’t let me  go outside. She said I would pick up germs and get sick. I felt my  stomach drop out. Also, what did she mean she was told I was able to  walk. I haven’t walked since I was five, nearly eleven years ago.

“I, uh… I can’t walk.”

“They  told me they had informed you that your mother had been using you, and  giving you placebo drugs? That she had made you use the wheelchair?”

“She told me it was for my safety, that I had weak joints, and I could easily fall and break a bone.”

The  woman, Caroline, pursed her lips. She was angry, Mother makes that face  when she is angry. I flinched. I didn’t want her to yell at me like  Mother does. Caroline flat out frowns, and I know I am about to hear all  about my wrongdoings.

“Thea. Have you tried walking since the police came this morning?”

She sounded calm, and that scared me more. I shook my head and tightened my grip on my wheels.

“Will you try?”

She  sounded like she was encouraging me. She didn’t even know me. Mother  said strangers would mock me. Caroline didn’t seem to have any intention  of doing that. However my hands were now in a death grip on my wheels.  My knuckles were turning white. I can’t walk. If I could, I would have.  Mother said after all this time my legs would be useless. I shook my  head again.

Caroline seemed worried, but  not frustrated, or angry. I wanted to ask her why, but Mother had taught  me to not speak until I was spoken to. I guess she had asked me a  question, but I had answered by not shaking my head. I would have to  wait until she addressed me again.

“Thea, if I hold your hands, will you try to stand up?”

Now was my chance. “I suppose? But why? Why do you want me to stand up?”

She seemed surprised. “If you are capable of walking, don’t you want to walk?”

Did I want to walk? Of course I did! But I can’t. Mother told me so.

“I can’t.”

“Will you try? I’ll be right here to hold you up.”

I  guess I could try, Caroline seemed to think I should be able to. I  nodded, focusing on forcing my fingers to relax their death grip on the  wheels. I didn’t even see Caroline stand and move, not until she was  before me. She smiled, showing more teeth than I had ever seen Mother  show.

“Alright, first, can you lower your  feet to the floor?” She asked, indicating my feet that were resting on  the flaps that kept them suspended above the ground.

Mother  always did this for me, but I guess I could try. I slid my hands under  my left leg, and lifted it, gently placing it on the ground. I glanced  up at Caroline to see how she took this progress, she was frowning  again, but when she saw me looking smiled.

“Thea, for your right leg, I want you to try lifting it on its own. With your hip?”

I  frowned, I didn’t know if I could. But I wanted her to smile at me  again, so I would try. How did you make something move? I thought about  my arms and how I moved them, moving my right hand as I thought. I could  do this. I thought my leg moving, lifting into the air. It wobbled and  lifted just an inch or two, and before I could think of moving it to the  left, it fell back down. I frowned. Maybe Mother had been right.

“Good job Thea! Can you try again for me?”

I  didn’t look up, I didn’t want to see her face if it wasn’t a smile. I  tried again, still wobbly, I was able to move it far enough left this  time that it hit the floor when it fell. I looked up and there was that  toothy smile on Caroline’s face. My lips tweaked upward, not much, but I  didn’t know the last time I had smiled either. Mother had told me I was  dying. You don’t have much to smile about when you’re dying.

“GOOD JOB!”

Caroline reached out for my hands. I took them, but then froze. I didn’t want to leave my chair. It was safe.

“Come on Thea you can do it!”

Caroline  seemed so happy for me, I didn’t want to let her down. I pulled myself  up with my arms, and she was there, solid. Safe. I wobbled on my feet.  It didn’t feel right. I looked down, and my feet were turned inward, a  funny angle compared to Caroline’s heeled feet. I lifted my right foot,  barely, and tried to move it, but without my right leg to support the  left I tumbled backwards. Back down into the wheelchair.

“That was so good Thea! I will be right back. I need to make a phone call to my boss.”

She  seemed happy, but the smile that had reached her eyes before this time  didn’t. She walked into the kitchen, and I turned to watch her go. After  a moment I could hear her talking.

“Yes… atrophied muscles. The wheelchair is needed for now… Physical therapy… Normal therapy… “

It  seemed to go on for long minutes. But Mother had taught me not to  eavesdrop, so I turned back away and rolled myself to look out the  window. It was nearly 3pm, and the children left school around this  time. I loved to watch them go by with their brightly colored backpacks.

“Thea?”

Caroline had returned. I turned to face her, and she still had the not quite real smile on her face.

“Thea,  I had to have an ADA approved vehicle sent out. It will be a few  minutes. Can you show me to your room, so we can get you packed?”

I  lead the way to my first-floor room, and she looked around. She asked  if I had a suitcase, which I didn’t, so we got a bag instead. She helped  me pick out clothes, something Mother had always done for me. Her fake  smile kept falling. Something was wrong, and I was worried I was the  cause. I couldn’t help it, I had to ask her. She hadn’t addressed me in a  while, but I had to know.

“Caroline am I making you unhappy?”

“Oh sweetie! No, never!”

She came over to my side and looked me in the eyes.

“Your  mother treated you badly. Making you take medications and use this  wheelchair. Those were bad things. But she also took away your free  will. You should be able to choose what you wear, what toys you want to  play with. Where I am going to take you, it will be different. If you  don’t know what to do, or what to say, it’s okay. You can ask any adult.  Any time.”

The ADA approved car arrived,  and we loaded up my sack of things, and they strapped me into the car.  That was the end of that life. The life Mother had made.

I  learned over time that she had dehumanized me. She had treated me more  like a baby doll than a daughter. I had all kinds of therapies and  learned once again to walk. My muscles had been out of use so long that I  did have damage to them, but they told me over time I would strengthen  them. I made friends, and even got to go to school for the first time,  with my very own brightly colored backpack. Caroline was always there,  cheering me on.Hey guys!

Thanks for taking a minute to read. Like I said before, I intend to edit Heartscale starting in the month of May. In the mean time, I need some beta readers. So far, you have read the story and just enjoyed it.

Now, it’s really important for me to take into consideration the thoughts and opinions of the beta readers on the story thus far. What I'm looking for is some volunteers: Either to simply answer some of the questions below or to reread Heartscale start to finish. It's final word count came in at 49,500 words.

With that said, there’s absolutely no pressure. If you just have a few thoughts you want to share with me, or if you do want to reread the whole thing, take a look at the questionnaire below.

&#x200B;

**Instructions:**

Below are a list of questions that I’m focusing on with Heartscale - Credit for them and the large majority of this post, goes to u/Inorai.

If you see something that you have an opinion on, jot down a few notes! If you don’t feel strongly about something, then that’s fine too. You can answer one question, or all of them. It all helps!

When answering the questions, if possible, reference the specific scenes or events that you’re thinking of, so I can find them later. Don’t worry about getting the chapters just right or stuff like that, I can track it down :)

Remember also that while my ego might appreciate some stroking, the *story* is best served by you being honest! I want to improve the story, and that means that your blunt, constructive input on where things can be polished is far more valuable than simply nodding and smiling.

You can make a copy of this file and answer beneath the questions. You can just scrawl some notes in a word document and send them to me after. However you want to do it! Your feedback can be sent to me on reddit, or on discord at Luna#0542. If you would like to send something via email, that works too, just let me know!

**The Questions:**

Story:

* When reading the story, were there portions that felt rushed, or which you wanted to see go on for longer? Were there topics you’d like to see explored in new chapters?
* Contrastingly, were there portions that felt like they dragged, or that you skimmed through? Were there sections that felt unimportant, which you didn’t think added anything to the story?
* Were there chapters or parts of the story that confused you, or left you feeling frustrated/unsatisfied?

Characters:

* Did the characters behave reasonably/plausibly? Were there scenes where characters took actions/behaved in ways that seemed unrealistic to you?
* Did character growth feel both realistic and sufficient? In other words, did it feel like characters grew too fast, or were there characters that should have had character development that did not?
* Were the characters relatable? Were they likeable?

Immersion:

* Were there parts of the story that pulled you out of your immersion, or felt out of place?
* Were there sections that you felt had too much explanation, or exposition? Were there sections where you think more explanation should be given?
* Did it feel like chapters transitioned well from one to another? Were there any chapter breaks that felt too abrupt, were jarring, or which were hard to follow?
* Were there any places where you felt ‘lost’ or couldn’t understand the setting/what was happening?
* Were there any sections of the story which fell flat emotionally, where you think that the emotions of the scene should be improved?

**Overarching questions:**

* What do you think this story did best overall? What do you think its strongest/most appealing elements were?
* What do you think this story most needs improvement with? Where did you as a reader feel that it was most lacking or weakest?

Thank you so much for reading, and if you feel you can throw some opinions at me here with this, thanks even more :)