fringly
Walking into HeroFest XXVI, I felt like a rock star. Not a big rock star admittedly, but maybe the bassist or drummer in a fairly popular band – I was still interesting to the crowd, but more in a ‘huh-look-at-that-guy’ way than a ‘throw-your-knickers’ way. 

It was almost intoxicating being here among all these people though, I’d spent so much of my time in the Cavern, that the sudden flux of minds and thoughts was dizzying and I needed to steady myself as we walked. Ahead of me, the Justice Crew were walking in a line, soaking up the cheers from not only the crowds that crammed either side of the huge red carpet and also from many of the minor heroes who had stopped their own interviews to watch them pass.  

They walked slowly, occasionally breaking away to sign a few signatures or take a selfie with an actor or one of the many sports starts who tended to come to these kinds of events. This year they had dedicated their attendance to Team Triplets and took turns carrying a picture of them which they held in the middle while they walked. Sergeant Force was also kept in the middle, next to Golden Warrior who kept him upright and moving forward. They’d considered leaving him behind but the sponsors had insisted on the full team and so it was necessary to ensure he looked at least vaguely coherent.   

Across each bulging bicep was a black tribute armband to show the loss of a team mate, a not uncommon accessory at HeroFest but a first for the Crew. I ran my finger around my own and across the triple silver triangles that were printed on the band; such a *shame* people kept saying. I would nod, look down as if lost in thought and then smile and repeat the line that the PR agent had given us the day before *‘The Triplets died in service and it’s all that any of us can hope for.’* 

It was a delightfully meaningless line considering they died as twitching shells whose life support was cut off *surprisingly* quickly. How easily everyone seemed to accept the lie though, they were all just so *pliable. It inspired me to see how far I could push things, but with the Triplets gone and the Sergeant acting increasingly bizarre as I practiced on his mind, it was better to limit the amount that I messed with the others.  

The team came here each year, of course and this was the only convention/festival at which they made an appearance. The dozens of smaller weekend events were only for Tier 3 or 4s, but this was the big one, the grand kahuna and *everyone* showed up. Rumour was that even Atomic Man 4 might make an appearance, but it depended on the galactic threat level. With many of the most powerful heroes essentially taking the weekend off, crime tended to be a problem around this time of the year.  

Finally we reached the front of the red carpet and I caught up with the team. A crowd of press surrounded them in a slightly undignified scrum and I saw Golden Warrior push the Sergeant through and into the backstage area, while the rest stopped to chat. All week they’d complained about this part, but I could see their pleasure centres light up as the primped and perfect presenters asked softball questions; they loved being flattered like anyone else. 

I had paused on the outskirts of the huddle, no one was interested in me and so I waited with infinite patience until I felt a hand take my elbow. “You’re Steve, right?” I tried not to let my annoyance flair. 

I composed myself and turned to find a slightly plump woman with a STAFF t-shirt,  holding a clipboard. “Yes, that’s me.” I gave her my most saccharine smile. 

She ignored me and her finger traced down the clipboard until she found my name, only then did she look up and make eye contact. “Oh, you’ve got full access?” The surprise in her voice made me consider giving her a full lobotomy, but instead I rifled through her mind, found she was terrified of spiders and cued a series of images for her dreams tonight. 

I let my smile stay on full and tapped at the all-access badge that hung around my neck. “Yes, I’m part of the Justice Crew.” 

She looked back down at her finger and seemed to come to a realisation. “Oooooh, I see now!” Before I could react she had whipped something out from a pocket and slapped it onto the front of my all access pass – it was bright pink with white lettering – **MASCOT**. Now it was her turn to smile. “Just so no one gets confused.” 

I slowly let my head tilt to look at the badge. I stayed calm. This was fine. This was acceptable. I was aware of what I was and this didn’t matter. If I had an ego then I wouldn’t be hiding my powers away and letting people think of me this way, but so long as I was then I would have to accept how they would treat me. 

I flicked back into her brain and removed her bladder control and made her colour blind while I was in there. A small thing, but it gave me a certain satisfaction. A look passed across her face and I did my best to ignore the growing pool of urine at her feet and kept eye contact.

I kept my voice light and easy. “So which direction do I go now?” She seemed frozen, as well she might be considering I had inflated her shame and panic to somewhat epic proportions. With a shaking finger she pointed to roughly beyond the press grouping and then as I turned away she fled, leaving a damp trail behind her.  

Waving my pass at the security I was able to move through into the quiet space of the backstage area, picking at the sticker as I went. Whatever it was that they had used to glue it on, it was exceedingly hard to get even an edge off and considering the speed she had whacked it on, the woman had done a damn good job at getting it dead centre. 

Finally I gave up and spun my badge to the other side, irritated, but determined not to let this incident spoil the day. After all, I was finally surrounded by the most powerful beings on earth and here, in the epicentre of it all, I had freedom to do as I pleased. Finding a plan to take over the world had proven… harder than I had assumed, but here I could finally get a good idea of what I was up against. 

A hand took my elbow for the second time and for just a moment I had images of it being the urine soaked woman again, back to put a sticker on my forehead perhaps, but it was just Golden Warrior. At his side the Sergeant was vacantly looking around and occasionally trying to wander off, but the Warrior yanked him back.  

“Look Steve, can you keep a watch on the Sarge for a bit, he’s having a weird day again.” He was having a bad day as I had reversed his hearing and sense of smell this morning out of curiosity and in the bustling backstage area he was experiencing a level of scent rarely seen outside a perfume factory. 

I opened my mouth to object, but he was gone, *of course* his caring side had disappeared as soon as the cameras were gone. Out of interest I reached out and found his mind in the jumble of others all around – he was already chatting to a reporter, the damn hypocrite. 

The Sergeant stood with his mouth agape as he looked at a speaker that was pumping out the latest boy band dirge. His mind was firing across memory, emotion and a range of adrenaline responses and I wondered what he was sensing. A part of me felt that perhaps I was almost doing him a favour, experiencing life in this way, but I couldn’t be lumbered with an idiot, who would turn to every loud bang and crash to see where the scent of elderberries had come from. 

I took his hand and dragged him forward into the backstage area, until at last I came to a small lounge that had been cordoned off for the Justice Crew. A few girls stood outside and a burly security guard held them back until they saw us approach – or at least they saw the Sergeant. As we drew near I heard murmurs growing, he had always been one of the more popular members of the Crew with women, his square jaw and normally clear blue eyes made him a kind of idealised male figure. 

I pulled him through into the private area, annoyed at having to show my pink stickered pass to the security guard. I needed a bit of time alone, but lumbered with him I wouldn’t get it, so there was only one thing to do. I considered the problem – his mind was a little like a reverse jigsaw, all the pieces fitted, but they needed to go back to a different pattern, one that I had seen a long time ago and then forgotten and had since lost a few bits. 

At last I was able to cram everything back together and his mind was a rough approximation of normal. Large chunks were still missing as I had practiced cutting things out from him quit a lot, so it was a patchwork job, but it would do. He finally looked up at me and then down at his hands, as if seeing them for the first time. 

“S…Steve?” It was one of the few things he’d said in the last week that actually made sense.  

I saluted. “Hey Sergeant, you having a good time here at Herofest?” He looked about, as if seeing it for the first time, which essentially he was. I reached over and patted his leg. “I can see you have company, so I won’t disturb you.” I gestured for the security guard to stand aside and three girls slid in, giggling and shy.

I headed back out, leaving just a hint of horny in the room to impregnate their minds. Sarge had been a good practice dummy for me; he might as well get a little reward for his service while he was being kept quiet. It felt a little distasteful, but I was finding these moral choice easier and easier to adapt to and come down on the side of doing whatever the hell I wanted to. 

Finally I was free to do what I wanted and for a moment the options seemed almost overwhelming. I decided to indulge the issue that was bothering me more than any other and try to get the damn sticker off my badge.  Twenty minutes later, after unsuccessfully scraping at it with my fingernail, a butter knife I had borrowed from a catering trolley and trying to use my mind to telekinetically remove it, I conceded defeat. Whatever it was stuck on with must have been some sort of magic or alien adhesive, or it had just stuck on *really well.* 

Giving up, I began to wander the length of the backstage area, to get a feel for the place and look out for any of the more useful minds that I might later investigate. The area was divided into sections and it was pleasing to note that the Justice Crew had been placed in a prime area, near the back of the Tier 2 powers, where they would be least disturbed.  

Wandering forward, the rest of the Tier 2 area was a series of shared bars and changing areas with smaller individual private spaces. Most Tier 2’s chose to be solo heroes and that meant more individualisation, but they didn’t get the private lounge area that the Crew had.  

There were some serious players here and it was impressive to read the names as I wandered past. Of course they were all still either out working the convention and giving interviews or planning to arrive fashionably late and so each of the rooms was currently empty. Only a few PR people and stylists were roaming around, looking for Evian and hairspray. 

Moving on, into the more general area where Tier 3 and 4’s shared the space, each hero had a small non-private area with a chair and a locker, although neither looked very secure. I couldn’t help but feel that whoever had been in charge of the layout had made a confusing decision to order the backstage area alphabetically by first name as I walked past a row of “Captains” for several minutes without break. 

Of course Captain Stupendous had been the inspiration for most of them, but at this point it was a little ridiculous.  Every time a C-lister improbably saved the world you could be sure that a dozen variations on their name would appear in the next few years and so it had proven for the Cap.  

I paused at Captain Tomorrow, who if I remembered correctly had the power to age non-organic objects up to 24 hours and looked up and down the line. Next along was Captain Transmogrify, who could turn into a Jelly like creature that was somewhat immune to damage and then after him was Captain Tremble, Captain Trust and Captain Tyranny. The Captains went on for some distance, but I’d lost interest, none of these people would be any use to me, they were barely any use to the world at all. 

I reached one of the many gates into the convention centre fan area and decided that it was time to see what the other side of the festival looked like. It was my first time here in any capacity and while it was somewhat nauseating to see the fans fawning over the heroes, I felt at least that I should see beyond the backstage. 

I flashed my badge at an uninterested security guard and moved out into the convention centre proper and was immediately surrounded on all sides by a seething mass of humanity. The area itself was vast, but crammed with hundreds, if not thousands of stalls that were full of every conceivable piece of merchandise to do with heroes. 

Mugs, posters, books, comics, coasters, Frisbees and a million other products lined every booth and in between a seemingly continuous crush of humanity surged past, occasionally throwing money at the vendors in exchange for good of dubious origin. Hung up high in one booth, sealed in a glass box, was a pair of red trunks that were labelled as original Atomic Man 2 worn-in-battle trunks. I reached out to the vendor and checked his mind; they were, of course, fake, but he still expected to be able to sell them for more than five grand over the next few days. 

Opening my mind had been a mistake as the gestalt mind field was almost overwhelming in its driving obsession. Everywhere was a powerful urge, being exacerbated by the other people there, it was the feeling of *want*. It staggered me slightly and I took a step back into a man poorly dressed as Front-Kick Girl. FKG was a Japanese woman and a member of the Youth Force Super Team, while he was a balding overweight gentleman, with mustard stains across his beard and white bow tie and the effect was not a flattering one.  

I spluttered an apology and tried to turn away but for the third time today my elbow had been caught and he was looking at me with something approaching mania. His voice caught in an emotive sob. “It’s… it’s you!” 

I looked down to make sure that I hadn’t inadvertently worn something that might make me appear to be someone else, but it was just my normal clothing. I gently pried his hand from my arm and nodded with a smile. “Yeah, I guess.” 

He was louder this time and people noticed. “No, it’s YOU!” He pointed and suddenly there was a gap in the mass of humanity and a small circle formed around me. 

I looked back and forth, more of the people were wearing the same expression that he was, a strange glazed grin of over excitement. “Really, I waved him away, I’m not really anyone…” 

It was a girl now, pointing to my chest where the pink badge marked me out. “You’re *him* the new mascot.” 

A slow feeling of dread began to flood me. “I guess but I really don’t…” 

The first man had joined her in pointing. “You’re fucking AWESOME DUDE!” 

Suddenly the gap disappeared as people rushed towards me and I was surrounded by people out to me, cameras flashing and pieces of paper thrust towards me. Their minds were ablaze with passion and desire, a fervent desperate plea to be near me, to be noticed by me, to be *acknowledged* by me. It was beyond flattering, it was an intense feeling of being *wanted*, of being *desired* and it felt good, incredibly good. I scribbled my name a few times and then suddenly the crowd split and the security officer, who had been so uninterested to see me leave the backstage area, was at my side. 

He shoved back a few of the more insistent fans and pulled me backwards, also holding my elbow. What was it about pulling me by the elbow today that everyone seemed to think was okay today? In a moment we were back through into the calm of the backstage area and he was speaking to me, but it took a moment for the white flood of emotion to leave my mind and let it settle enough to comprehend. 

“Are you okay?” He handed me a bottle of water and I automatically took and swigged. I nodded and that seemed to satisfy him. “You just take care out there, no pace for people like you.” 

I nodded again and then it hit me. *People like me?* He meant important people, people who *mattered*. I felt a swell of pride and it burned for a few moments. I may have had a mascot sticker on my pass, but I was important out there and that really meant something! 

Standing, I slowly began to make my way back towards the backstage area, somewhat lost in my own thoughts, when out of nowhere I was slammed in the back and found myself falling to the ground, propelled painfully into a table and landing in a heap. I looked up to see a man in silver armour with a phone stuck to his head glance back and wave a half apology, but he didn’t bother to stop. “Nah man, just knocked over some loser.” He murmured as he wandered on. 

So that was the truth of it, to the people I was special only because they saw me as having touched the gods. They didn’t care about *me* and the assholes who called themselves heroes cared even less. My moment out there had made me feel important but it was fake, all this was fake and I realised in a rush that I *despised it*. 

I stood and brushed myself down and picked up my badge, making sure the pink sticker faced out. That was my camouflage and I would wear it with pride until the time came when they would all find out the truth. There would be fun times ahead.There was a hushed silence across the auditorium, as each person absorbed the meaning of Galactico’s words. It was as if they were slowly burning themselves into people’s minds and I had time to look across the audience and see each face as it wrestled with the significance.  

The first to move was near the front, one of the tier 4 powers I was vaguely familiar with, but whose name I couldn’t have picked out of a hat. He was wearing a rather awkward green rubber suit, with an implausible looking rubber hood, shaped somewhat like a cobra. His suit squeaked as he jumped to his feet and he began to clap, his rubber hand pads smacking together softly. A moment later he was no longer alone as someone near the back joined him on their feet, clapping furiously. 

That was all that was needed and suddenly it was a wave of motion, rippling back and forth as the entire auditorium joined them in leaping to their feet, clapping cheering and whooping with delight. I looked again across their faces as they cheered and hollered and then I was pulled into an embrace by Super Danny and his polyester cloak blocked them from view. 

Danny was surprisingly strong and it was difficult to break free of his hold and so ignoring the girlish gleeful giggling in my ear, I reached out to the psychic gestalt. It had been a maelstrom just moments before, but now, although it was pulsing with excitement, all of the thoughts and feelings had a singular feeling of overwhelming joy. It felt… strange. 

I pushed free of Danny and turned back to the auditorium, which was calming at last. One by one people began to sit down until at last a semblance of order had been restored. In the front row I could see my Uncle, who had been cheering with the rest and now turned to Golden Warrior and nudged him excitedly. “An apocalypse! Boy this year’s HeroFest has *everything*”

A cold finger of contempt inched up my back as I looked across the smiling faces. Of *course* they would love this; dramatic as it sounded, this wasn’t the first apocalypse that the heroes of earth had faced. In fact, they tended to crop up every few years. Typically it meant a grand team up, maybe the loss of a few lives as they fought whatever the current threat was, but they always prevailed. 

In recent years though they had been few and far between as so many potential events were snuffed out before they had even a chance to begin.  Only the magical realm had seen any major events and even then they had been minor compared to the past. The magical routes to earth were not so much guarded as they were crammed with magic users and so any demonic horde looking to force their way into this dimension was spotted and fallen upon before it had a chance to do any serious damage.   

On the stage Galactico had, at last, held up a hand for quiet and the room fell silent. He smiled coyly, his steely blue eyes glinting with amusement. He had gone from hunched and tired looking to charismatic and full of life so very quickly. “Now, now folks, let’s not get carried away here, this might really be it for us after all!” A ripple of laughter ran across the room and my contempt blossomed into full bore loathing. 

Galactico leaned forward and the room quietened again. “As you know, I’m assigned to patrol the buffer zone between us and the Kilmauri Empire.” The room nodded along, although it was unlikely that any of them had ever seen a Kilmauri soldier outside of the news stories from many years past. “For a long time they have been waging a silent war along out border, looking for weaknesses, *probing* for ways to get to us.” He smiled. “But of course, they keep running into me.”

Someone a few rows back shouted out loudly enough to be heard on the stage. “So what’s left for the rest of us then?”  

A third round of laughter rippled across the room and Galactico flashed that famous grin again, but then dropped his face to look serious. “While I’ve kept us safe for nearly a decade.” A few people applauded and he waited for them to stop. “The Kilmauri Empire has come under the leadership of a despot power called the Eternal Leader, whose power rivals even my own.” 

The wag shouted out again. “What like that wanker from North Korea?” This time through he was shushed into silence. 

Galactico ignored his interruption this time. “With this threat looming, we are faced with a terrible choice. We can either wait for the horde of the Kilmauri Empire to fall upon our poor planet, or we can take the first step and attack before we are pressed to defend!” A roar went up from the room in one voice. “Will you join me, my brothers and sisters as we take the fight to the enemy?” The room whooped in agreement but Galactico’s voice soared over it all. “Then we will fight and we will prevail!” 

One of the stage hands with a sense for the dramatic decided to drop the silver and gold confetti that had been set up for the end of the festival on Sunday night. It fell in glittering shards across the stage and then two large cannons fired and the rest of the room became a glittering snow globe. It had been an impressive speech, albeit to a receptive audience and I was duly impressed, but the level of adulation and excitement somehow seemed rather excessive.  

On one level it was understandable, this was an opportunity for glory on a scale that was almost impossible on earth and apocalypse scenarios were well known for allowing even the tamest heroes to go ‘morals free’ and really let loose. After all, what was the use of having laser eyes if you couldn’t chop someone in half with them? 

Still, this seemed over the top, even when you added in the return of the ‘hero’ and his triumphant speech; something was still tickling at the back of my brain with its wrongness. I looked across the room and was surprised to see that even the more cerebral individuals seemed lost in the moment. The Underwarrior, The Sane Scientist, Kid Knowledge, these were men who I was surprised to see cheering as loudly as the rest.  

As the cheers rippled across the room I decided to let my mind widen and found again that the psychic gestalt was free from the usual froth of thought. Almost every mind was filled with simple thoughts of glorious battles ahead and I could surf across them, untroubled by turbulence as they all pointed in the same direction. 

At last I could finally see the mind I was most interested in, but it was not as I had expected.  Unlike the soft spheres of the minds all around me, the mind on stage at the front of the room was a smooth grey cube. I paused, unsure for a moment if it could possibly even *be* a mind, but what else on the psychic landscape could it be?  

I approached with caution, taking my time to observe the mind from all sides, understanding now why his mind had seemed icy when I first saw him. It wasn’t Ice, so much as it was cooled to allow no overspill of thought. I reached out felt my mind touch his mind, the cool surface at first seeming impenetrable, but as I connected to him I felt the familiar jolt as my mind touched his. 

I was standing, my fist clenched in the air as I pumped it towards the ceiling, joining the masses all around, our voices joined in a glorious call to battle. It required unity, bravery and sacrifice, but I was would do whatever it took to… whatever it took… whatever it… 

I shook my head and the moment passed and I let my hand drop to my side. The chant continued all around, even Super Danny was cheering and chanting in time with the others. “Unity, bravery, victory!” The words shook the auditorium, but they were hollow words, shouted without meaning, only volume. 

It was *his mind*, the moment I had touched it I had been subjected to the full force of his thoughts. The mania, the rage for battle it was all coming from him, but whether it was deliberate or unconscious was impossible to know. It had flicked on like a beacon and his thoughts infected the other nearby brains. I sat heavily in my seat, aware of the consequence of what I was now thinking. The cheers continued, until at last I heard Galactico’s voice once more. 

“Thank you, my brothers and sisters, together I know we can prevail…” He paused for effect. “…and maybe have a little fun along the way!” My skin crawled as the laughter rang around the room. “Now I must go, but I will see you all soon while we make haste to turn back this terrible threat.” 

With a swoop of his cape he lifted off and slowly floated over the crowd and in moments he was gone, leaving behind the crowd who almost immediately began to stream from the room. As he left I could feel the mood change and some form of normality returned, but the impression he had left remained. 

Super Danny turned to me, his eyes lit with excitement and joy, so I left pushed past him before he could engage me in conversation. I worked my way through the crowds until I came to the thrones where the Crew had been seated and found them holding court to a small number of impressed Tier 3 and 4's. My Uncle was speaking and answering questions for those who had become heroes since the last big team up. 

 A girl wearing a series of metallic bands held up her hand, letting the rings on her arm slide down with a setting a series of soft clankings. “How soon will we leave?” 

Max looked down at her with a kindly smile. “All in good time my dear, Galactico has returned in plenty of time for us to be organised and ready ships so that we may all be transported.” She nodded and folded her arms, making a sound like a cutlery drawer slamming. 

The next question came from the same boy who had been the first to stand and applaud at the start of the speech, he had pushed back the rubber snake head, but it had left red marks on his skin where it had pressed into his skin. 

“Will we *all* get the chance to go?” He rubbed his palms nervously on his rubber suit sides, making a soft squeaking noise. 

Max cocked his head to the side. “What’s your name son?” 

The young boy swallowed, nervously. “Phil… oh, wait.” He flipped up his hoods with some difficulty, squeezing his ears in with a painful looking yank. He tried to drop his voice to a low drawl, but it cracked as he spoke, rather ruining the effect. “I’m Reptilion, master of the family *Reptilia*.” He struck a dramatic pose. 

A voice from the other side of the group spoke up. “Isn’t King Croc the Master of the Reptile family? I’m sure I saw that on his business card.”  

The young man looked non-plussed and scuffed at an imaginary stone. “Well, more than one person can be the master.” 

The voice spoke again, full of indignation. “Get off it, you can’t have more than one Master, who would they bloody well obey?” 

Reptilion turned to his accuser in the crowd, but before he could reply Max held up his hand to make peace. “No squabbling now, not at such a momentous time we need to be unified.” Reptilion stiffly bowed his head and an ear popped out of his suit. “As for your question, not all heroes will be called to help, but for those that remain they will be charged with the essential task of keeping the planet safe while we are away.” He put his hand on Reptilion’s shoulder. “It is a great responsibility and there is also lots to do before we go!” 

The young man flushed red, either from pride or due to overheating in his latex and he shuffled backwards into the crowd, his tail knocking over chairs as he walked. Max seeing no more questions, clapped his hands and turned away, back to the Crew. 

I let the people disperse and then waited until the Crew began to walk back to the backstage area before falling in beside my uncle. Now that the initial excitement had worn off, plans were being made rapidly to get organised. It seemed that the effect of the speech had been a lasting one. 

He patted me on the shoulder as we walked. “Sorry kiddo, I know you’d probably like to come along, but you’ll need to sit this one out.” 

I tried to look upset, having never had any intention to even try to come. “It sounds like you could be gone for a while, will you really be leaving kids like that in charge?” 

He chuckled quietly. “Looks Steve, don’t worry about it. You’re too young to remember, but back in the old days we used to head off for months at a time, we know what we’re doing.” 

I nodded, slowly. “Well sure, but these days with villains like the Time Master and Professor Considerate, active, well, they’d eat that kid alive.” 

He paused and looked around to make sure we weren’t being overheard. “Steve, Professor Considerate and his like aren’t going to be a problem, because we’re not going to leave them loose – we’ll be collecting them all before we go and making sure they stay nice and safe in prison.” 

I must have looked surprised as he leaned in even closer. “Don’t worry, we have somewhere *really* safe where we keep them all. I’ll tell you some other time” He laughed and walked away, pleased with his little secret.  

It took less than five seconds to rifle through his head and pulled out the information. It was a dimensional prison where the prisoners could be kept in a state of quantum entanglement, completely escape proof. I hurried after my uncle and the Crew, after all there were arrangements to be made.A row of security held back the crowds at the doors to Conference room B, but as the Justice Crew approached they shoved back the first few rows of people and cleared a space to allow them past. Only at the last minute was I able to slip in behind them, flashing my pass at anyone who looked my way and sticking as close to The Human Arrow as possible. 

Arrow had a way about him that made people strangely uncomfortable. It was something about the way he looked at people with a cold dead-eyed certainty, as if he was probing for a weakness. When he fixed his gaze on you, even for a moment, it could make you feel like he was about to suddenly strike at your face or neck. As a person Arrow had been nothing but friendly towards me and he gave me a thin smile as I took a gentle hold of his ermine robe to ensure I didn’t get left behind. 

This close to him his mind was fascinating, but I didn’t dare to push into it. His powers involved a necessary degree of self awareness, as his body morphed to recreate his observations and recreate complex technologies with his own biomechanics. While he had shown no signs that he could sense me, I had decided to limit my intrusions until I was more comfortable with my own powers and confident I could be undetected. 

Inside Conference Room B it was less crowded but no less fraught, as the audience was largely made up of heroes, who were excited as the fans. This was the largest of the auditoriums, but with the late announcement of Galactico’s talk it had not been possible to clear it of all the people who had already funnelled in for the scheduled panel. This meant that interspersed with legendary heroes were colourfully dressed fans, who had been expecting to see the Junior Expeditionary Reaction Commandos. 

The Junior Commandos I knew were a fairly new group, made up of children under the age of ten. They had been put together just a few months ago following extensive market testing by an advertising agency and had been a huge success. While none had, or were likely to develop serious abilities, they were a determinedly diverse and chirpy group and whose adventures were followed in a popular ‘scripted reality’ show. 

The show had been a massive success, although it had skewed towards an older demographic than expected and this was reflected by the number of adults wearing the distinctive JERC kimonos. To one side of the stage I could see a man in an extremely expensive suit swearing at a stage hand and it didn’t take telepathy to see he was part of the agency that was furious their stars had been bumped from their day one panel. 

As I made my way towards the front I could see seven children waiting in a rainbow of kimonos, until at last, with a final blast of expletives, the agency man turned on his heel and stormed out. The children ran after him as he stalked from the room, all except a young Asian boy dressed in blue, who watched him go and then sat down in the aisle and waited with everyone else. 

Several flunkies had run forward and guided the Crew to a series of seats set directly in front of the stage in the front row. Astonishingly they had even found time to bring in replicas of the vast chairs that each of the members sat in back at the Cavern. It took a moment before I realised that they must have had them waiting backstage for the Crew’s keynote panel tomorrow. Respectfully even the triple chair had been brought out, but was draped with a black cloth. 

It didn’t occur to me until we they began to sit that no chair was available for me and I looked around, confused. It was a little disconcerting to be left standing at the front in front of nearly a thousand people and I could feel the curiosity and impatience from the crowd. I hesitated, unsure what to do until my uncle looked up from where he was already seated in the nearest throne. 

He learned forward and spoke in a loud whisper that carried to at least the first four rows. “Oh, uh, sorry bud, only seats at the front for the *actual* members of the Crew.  

I could feel my cheeks flush red with anger and humiliation, but it was true. Looking up and down the row and saw it was filled with Tier 2 powers and there was no space left. I stepped forward gesturing to the covered triple chair that was taking up a good portion of the front row by itself. “I could sit there.” There was an almost visceral intake of breath from the people near me. 

Max stood and for perhaps the first time, I saw him looking actively irritated. “Yeah, no!” He put his hand on my shoulder and pushed me back a step, away from the chair. *“You’ve* got a seat saved in the mascot section and you’ll still get a great view.” He pointed and I dragged my eyes across to the side of the stage and my heart sank.

I walked briskly, trying to give the impression that I was leaving of my own will, but I could hear the titters from the crowd. The humiliation burned and as much as I tried to block the feelings from my mind, there was a wave of contempt and pity from those seated.  I didn’t want their pity or deserve their contempt, but I couldn’t bear to look and see them, I fixed my eyes forward and walked stiffly. 

It only got worse when I reached the small area that had been set aside. Not content with it being a separate area for mascots, it had an actual wooden fence running around, with a small gate on a spring hinge. Again, someone had taken the time to stencil ‘MASCOTS’ on the door in hot pink, just so there could be no mistaking who would be sitting within. 

Despite the mascot area being right at the front at one side of the stage, there was no security to stop anyone from entering. No power of any tier would be willing to sit in the mascot section, even to get a better view, but it was just a further small degradation when even the fire exit had a guard next to it. 

My hand rested on the gate for nearly a minute before I finally swallowed the last of my pride and pushed it open, my head slumped in defeat. Inside the rest of the mascots were already seated, but they had been watching as I debated entering and smiled in greeting. It was not a flattering group with which to be included. 

Once, a long time ago, it had been popular to have a sidekick, but as time went past and child labour laws were updated, sidekicks became rarer and necessarily older. In their place there had been a brief fad to have mascots, who tended to be non-powered and not involved with any actual crime-fighting. Most recently though few powers bothered and mascots were mostly employed by those who had given up on any real crime fighting and had moved into media or charity work.  

As I entered the mascot pen the nearest boy jumped to his feet and grabbed me in a surprisingly strong hug. Across his chest was emblazoned “SUPER DANNY” and he wore a domino mask that fell from his face every few seconds and which he would franticly stick back as quickly as possible. It didn’t help disguise the fact that he was no more than fifteen and already fighting a losing battle with acne.  

His voice squeaked and cracked in a pubescent chorus as he spoke. “Heya pal, welcome to the mascot buddies, we’re *so* excited to finally meet you.” 

I forced a weak smile. “Hey I’m…” 

He blurted out in excitement, interrupting me. “Oh jesum *crackers*, you don’t have to introduce yourself, we all know you Steve! You’re the new mascot for the Justice Crew, the whole *world* knows who you are” 

I let my smile stay fixed and quickly rifled through his head to see if he was secretly using this irritating personality as a cover for something more interestingly sinister, but it was corny sincerity all the way down. 

He slapped his knee and I considered strangling him with my bare hands while the others watched. “Let me introduce you around pal. First up we’ve got Barry Beaver of the Animal Adventurers.” 

I looked across to the small boy of around ten, who was sitting on a seat at the far side of the pen wearing a poorly made set of fake beaver teeth and a rubbery tail that was obviously stuck into his trouser waistband and hung behind his chair. I raised a hand in greeting and he flipped me off.  

Undeterred, Danny pushed on. “Next up we’ve got Roy, he’s the new Mystery Boy, working with Margon the Magical!” 

I’d vaguely heard of Margon, he had a TV show that at one point had actually featured real life magical crime, but it had turned out that demons were both hard to get to sign appearance wavers and surprisingly litigious. No the show was just a few steps above a birthday magician and they had tried everything to bring in new viewers. 

Roy didn’t seem a day over eight but wore a stylised leather outfit with several guns and knives strapped to the legs and torso. My interest was mildly piqued. “So kid, what happened to the old Mystery boy then?” 

 Roy shrugged. “I unno, they said he didn’t test well.” I didn’t care enough to enquire further.  

“Next up the Twins of Time…” 

I looked to the girls Jimmy pointed at but I’d had my fill of identical girls. “Pass.” They looked mildly offended and whispered to each other. 

“And of course, Corporal Causality!” 

The Corporal was rooting around at the back of the area and was clearly a goat who had been forced to wear a t-shirt with a swirly pattern on it and deely boppers. As I looked he released a powerful stream of urine that made the twins scream and run from the box. 

Danny turned back to me. “And now there’s you Steve. Welcome to the League of Mascots.” 

I looked from Danny, who had flung his arms in the air dramatically, to the others and then turned and sat in the nearest chair and ignored them all. Danny, slightly hurt but with cheeriness radiating from every pore, sat in the chair next to me and learned in.   

“Don’t worry Steve, I know we have some dead wood, but I already got you voted in as Vice Chairman and I’ve got some *big* plans.” I looked across and gently pressed him back away from me as he wagged his eyebrows dramatically. He folded his arms, seemingly happy and spoke to himself. “Yessir, biiig plans.” 

The day had gone poorly, that much was clear. I had come here with a solid plan, to observe as many powers as I could and surrounded by power, begin formulating a plan to take over the world. That simple task had been continually thrown off track by one thing or another. Now I was stuck in a pen with a bunch of children and the growing smell of goat urine. 

I wondered how far I could get if I just started wiping minds before I was stopped. Would it be obvious or would the bodies give it away before I got very far? I reached out and felt around, trying to picture the minds as a group, but it was still overwhelming, the volume too great and I was forced to retreat back to my own head. 

The lights dipped and then flickered three times and the conversation across the room died down as the lights in the hall dimmed. The PA system whined and the clicked into life, it was time. Whatever the rest of the day had brought, this alone would turn things around, I was sure of it.  

“Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome for the first time ever at HeroFest, a man who you all know, put your hands together for ***Galactico***!” 

The noise was deafening and for a moment it was impossible to see where Galactico was coming from, but a keen lighting technician picked him out with a spotlight as he floated into the room from somewhere near the back. 

The last I had seen of Galactico had been when I was a boy and the figure who appeared now was very different to the tall arrogant figure that had left the planet. Physically he was similar, but his black hair was flecked with silver and he flew almost hunched over, as if he was carrying a great weight. 

He made no gesture to the crowd below as he flew to the podium, indeed he didn’t even look up, he simply passed overhead and absorbed the cheers. After landing on the stage there was a full four minutes before the noise died away, but he made no sign that he had heard it, he simply stood and waited. 

At last the noise died and for the first time he looked up, squinting slightly at the bright lights that lit him up. His brilliant blue eyes shone, but his eyelids dropped with exhaustion. He cleared his throat and then moved the microphone up slightly, to be more directly in front of his mouth. 

“Ladies and Gentlemen…” A few people clapped, but they were shushed into silence. He looked up at the ceiling for a moment, as if looking for inspiration and for the first time I realised what I was feeling surrounding his mind as an icy sheen, it was fear. “…Uh, Ladies and Gentlemen, the end of the world is coming.” 

*****

Thank you for all the feedback after the last part, the feeling generally seems to be that folks aren't too worried about the title for now, so we'll keep it The Superhero Gym and worry about it later. 

Generally also people weren't too concerned about the name for powered individuals with the vote being either for both/either or powers. A few people made good points also about how different names can be used to denote different things to aid with the perspective, so again, I'll not worry too much and largely carry on as is. 

Thank you for all the feedback, it's incredibly useful to me and very motivating. 

I'm pretty pleased with how we're doing so far - we're just over 17k words and I'm enjoying writing the story. I feel we've only really just begun to dig into Steve and the world and I'm excited for what come next. 

I'll be taking Sunday off writing, but I'll have another part up on Monday so I hope you'll all stick around to see why the world is ending.I lay still and time passed. To my left Galactico’s body seemed to relax and almost shrink somehow; the power and the strength had left with his life and all that remained was… a man. 

I had known his name once, his real name… it took a moment before it came back to me, Phil, perhaps? Now that it was over, he was Phil again. I reached out and with a slight tremble to my fingers, I closed his eyes. 

Eventually I forced myself to move and sit upright. I took a few moments to feel up and down my body, checking for injuries, but finding nothing. It seemed like I should have had grievous injuries, but all I felt was… empty. All around me were bodies, blood and the remains of the battle, but it seemed… disconnected, like it had happened a long time ago. 

I shook my head, trying to dislodge these odd thoughts, but they remained; it was reality and it could not be shaken away. On instinct I reached for my mind, looking to use it to feel for survivors, for anyone near me at all, but something was wrong. There was no reaction, my mind did not respond, there was… nothing. 

For a moment I wondered if my power had somehow been pulled into the darkness with the entities. In that second I came to terms with it and a small part of me even rejoiced, but then, somewhere in the distance, I felt a flicker in my mind and a flood of relief that my powers remained. It was almost painful to use them, but I felt out and tried to find the flicker again.  

As soon as I found it I could feel that it was Claire and that was enough to motivate me to push myself unsteadily to my feet and stumble in the direction of the feeling. I moved slowly, picking my way between bodies, but soon neared the wall and looked, uncomprehendingly at the pile of metal in front of me. 

It came back to me; I had heard an explosion before the electrical power had cut out and this must have been what had caused it. Still it took me a second to connect that to Claire and I hurried forward and began to search through the debris. At last I saw her, lying near the wall where she must have fallen down from above. 

I ran forward and skidded to my knees by her side. She looked up at me for a moment, but her eyes were glazed and her breathing rapid. She was in shock from her injuries and I needed to do something, quickly. 

I gently took hold of her hands and she glanced up again, her face pale and sweaty.   “Did… did we?” 

I nodded. “We did, it’s over.” She seemed to relax and her head fell back. I squeezed her hand. “Can you tell me where it hurts?” She looked down and then shook her head slightly, but the look had been enough. 

I skimmed my hand along her body and felt for any breaks in her bones or injuries I might feel and as I reached the leg I found them. The explosion had knocked her away from the worst of the debris when he fell, but she had fractured one of her legs badly enough on the landing to send her into shock. 

I leaned in close. “I’m just going to relax you, okay? You have a broken leg, but you’ll be alright.” She looked into my eyes, nodded and I dipped my head down and kissed her softly, slowing her mind and calming the adrenal gland, so that she slipped into a semi-sleeping state where she would not feel any pain and her blood pressure could return to normal. 

She weighed so little that I was able to pick her up easily and then I made for the nearest door. I couldn’t fly a plane, but there were cars outside and I could find our way to a hospital – at least I could make sure they would believe any story I told them. 

As I pushed through the doors and into the dying sunset, I startled two men and a woman, who were sitting near the door in the overalls that I recognised from the other dimension. They began speaking rapidly to me, but in a language that I couldn’t identify and after a moment of trying to shoo them away, I gave up and walked off. For now I needed to find Claire help, there would be time to deal with the returned people later; I had plans for them. 

They followed me into the tangle of buildings, as I searched for a form of transport and eventually I grew sick of them speaking among themselves in a language I did not understand. I could have reached into their mind and found the meaning, but I was tired and simply wanted to be left alone, so I did the simpler thing. I implanted a simple command that sat at the top of their consciousness and made all three flee - *fear me.* 

I could feel my powers returning now and as they did, I because aware of a presence nearby that I could not ignore. I carefully put Claire down and moved forward by myself, turning a corner and finding him propped up against a wall. “Hello Father.” 

He glanced up at me and then looked ahead again, clenching his whole body for a few seconds before giving up. He did it again and then a third time, before turning to me, tears running down his face. “I can’t find them again Steve.” 

I reached out into his mind, but what he was looking for was unclear. “The Advisors? They’re all gone now.” 

He shook his head. “No, the *worlds*. I can’t find them anymore.” 

I wondered if my destruction of the webway had caused this and prevented him from teleporting, but honestly I didn’t care. I reached out to him, but he slapped my hand away, bared his teeth and hissed. “Go fuck yourself,” then he clenched his body again, his face turning red with effort. 

I touched his mind once more and this time looked more closely. With a slow sinking feeling, I realised that his mind was almost destroyed; the underlying connections had been broken and much of the rest had been burned out and left in pieces. The entities had torn him apart while using him as their puppet and now he was just fragments of his mind left behind, there was hardly enough to keep him alive and not nearly enough to try to put him back together. 

I sat down beside him and watched as he clenched and released and his face flushed red and back, over and over. It slowly came to me that the anger I had felt for him was gone, that there was nothing left in this man that I could hold any kind of feeling for and it gave me a quiet sense of peace. A part of me that I had not known was still angry finally calmed and I felt free.  

I stood again and smiled down at him. “So long Dad.” He didn’t look up and I knew that there was nothing more left in him and no chance that he could be saved. I smiled a little and whispered softly. “I love you.” 

There was no reaction, but I hadn’t expected or needed one; it was done. Claire needed my help and he was in the past, where he should have always remained. I walked away and let his body slump to the floor with a crushed throat, the last of his life ebbing away in a series of faint wheezes.   

By the time I had found a car that I liked it was dark and Claire had slipped into a deep natural sleep. It seemed more sensibly to wait until morning and so I found a bed for her and some food, which I sat and ate in a dark mess hall. The guards had long fled and the remnants of those who had been brought back from the other dimension had followed their example and were already far away as well. I was alone, in the dark, with only my thoughts. 

I spent some time reaching out with my mind, finding with every passing moment that my strength was returning. It didn’t take long to pin point every returned person with powers and for three hours I sat and scribbled down their details into a notebook, as I moved from mind to mind. There were only four hundred and six of them left, all known in this world as villains and all carefully noted in my notebook. There would be time to make decisions on them later on. 

The few remaining heroes that had been under my father’s control when I merged the dimensions had not fared so well. My father had been able to jump to safety into this dimension, but they, like the Sergeant, had not come with him.  They were either trapped on another world, or they were dead. Either way was fine by me.  

At some point around 4am I had done everything I needed to do and woke Claire up carefully. While she slept I had found splints and bound her leg, as well as proper painkillers, so she could stay awake. The shock was gone and she was able to walk out to the car with my help and sit in the passenger seat. We left the base behind and headed back to the world, to face whatever was next. 

*****

The paint on the door of the Iron and Steel gym was new and carried a bright glossy finish, which shone in the sunshine. I pushed through the door and the receptionist looked up and smiled at me, raising her hand in a greeting. 

“Hey boss, how’s it going?” She was as well presented as the young girl who had greeted me the first time I had walked through these doors, but there was nothing super about this girl, she was simply minimum wage labour, fresh from the local college. 

I nodded in reply and pushed through the double doors, into the gym and then turned right, towards the main office where I spent most of my time when I was here. Claire was sitting behind a big desk, looked up as I entered and then met me with a long kiss and an evaluating look. 

“You okay, no problems?” I shook my head. “Because you said that last time and we ended up with having to…” 

I couldn’t help but laugh. “It’s fine, there were no problems at all. It was a clean catch and I hardly even had to be involved, you know that the Catcher teams they have now are excellent, I’m simply an insurance policy really.”

Her eyebrow cocked, but she accepted my lie without any further protest and moved to the wall where the master list was written on a huge whiteboard that covered a wall. It was split into a grid and one side was marked “Fugitive” and the other was “Prisoner.” The sides were about equal. 

After that night it had taken a few weeks before the news had leaked, but it came out eventually. I made sure of that. It had been the New York Times that seemed to capture the mood most clearly, with a headline that covered the front page 

**“ALL THE HEROES ARE DEAD, WHO WILL SAVE US NOW?”** 

A world that stood united behind heroes and who was bound together by their fear of the power of villains was now free once again to fear their friends and neighbours and peace threatened to break down almost immediately. A few low level heroes had been left behind and tried to compensate for the losses, but a series of high profile deaths and accidents only made thing worse. No real hero remained.  

It had only been a matter of time and when a powerful villain attacked a bank it quickly had turned into a siege and made national news, with live coverage. It seemed as if there was no way to end this without loss of life, until a man had stepped forward and subdued the villain with extraordinary powers, before disappearing without comment. It had taken a lot of planning for me to get *just* right.  

After that it was easy to make contact with the right people in the government and present a version of my history that they were willing to accept, along with a list of four hundred and six names. This was to be a new era, but it would play by the rules that *I* set out.   

I kissed Claire on the cheek and walked past her into the showers behind our office and turned the heat up high, letting the room fill with steam. Standing under the hot stream of water I let my mind relax and then wander out, searching across the world until I found the mind I was looking for. 

I found it fairly easily and made just the smallest adjustment to make them scream out in rage and attack the nearest person, immolating them with their power and letting the corpse fall to the ground. Once done I returned their mind, letting them run, while knowing they would not get far. It’d be a day or two before I got a call asking for my help and I would head back out again, looking to make the world a safer place by taking down another villain.  

In a year or two the list would be finished and perhaps the people would be ready for something else, but for now I was finally the hero. 

The End. 


*****

*****

*****
  
And we are done! Thank you to everyone who has stuck with the story to the end, I hope you enjoyed it? 

I feel rather sad posting this, but there is always another story to be written :-) 

I’d be really interested to know how many people we still have reading, so please drop me an upvote if you have got this far – it’s a self post so I get no karma but we can see how many people have stuck around. 

Now Super Gym is over, my plans are to spend a bit of time doing prompts and shorter stories, just for a bit of fun and slowly working up the energy to do some editing on Super Gym. It’ll take a few months to edit I would guess, but I am planning to do some changes, especially to the start and I may post some alternate beginnings and ask you all if they work. 

Oh I’ll also finish putting all the parts into the google doc at some point this week and pop a link in the sidebar or as a sticky or something, so it’s easy to find. 

Up next I am hoping to *finally* finish Batman vs Marvel Part 2 and do a small Desolation story. As well as that I imagine that sooner or later I will find another story to write too, so if I post a short story and you like it then let me know. Who knows what my next long story will be – they just seem to happen when I least expect it. 

Thank you again for reading and if you have any idea what I should call it now that it’s over then let me know!Thank you for all the nice comments - I have a bit of an arc plotted out now and so until I've completed that I'm just going to keep writing this as I get a chance and I hope you all enjoy it! 

*****


As I wandered into the second of the walk in Ice Cream Cellars that the Cavern had to offer, I decided that I needed to look up who had originally designed the base. Whoever it was obviously had a well developed sense of whimsy as the range of flavours on offer would put a Baskin Robins to shame. 

As I browsed past a selection of Rum Raisin and Fudge Delight gelatos, picking out three for my afternoon snack, I was feeling deeply contented with the world and looking forward to my activities. After all, I mused while selecting from a chest of toppings, I was literally a kid in a candy store. 

The bowl selection in the kitchen had been rather wanting and so I had pulled the stainless steel mixing bowl from one of the machines that lined the preparation area and filled it half way with my ice cream selection. Happy with my choices, I wandered back to the common area and then took the lift down to the records level. 

The team would be gone for a while if the intel reports were accurate; it seemed that the Feline Alliance had established another colony and they were always protracted fights. Not that it mattered if they returned to find me in the records room anyway, I had announced my intention to write a book several days before and it had received widespread agreement that required barely any manipulation. It was the perfect opportunity to dig into the files and learn about my new team. 

In the records room there were long cabinets filled with papers from the days before things were computerised and that was where I had decided to start. I picked a seat at random at the long library style desk with research cubby holes and then wandered to the nearest cabinet. 

    Project Birthing 1945 to 1970

I checked back to see if there was anything before this, but these seemed to be the earliest files and so I pulled open the drawer and heaved the contents of the first one over to the table and spread it out. 

Much of it seemed to be basic request forms and correspondence between army command posts, but at last I found an envelope which had been sealed with an eagle crest. I snapped the crest and pulled out a densely typewritten letter - boring. I’d taken the time to open it though, so I flicked the pages through until I came to the last one and paused when I saw the signature – Harry. S. Truman, President. 

I returned to the top page and began to read, quickly forgetting about my ice cream. 

     May 12th 1945

     General Eisenhower, 

    It has come to our attention that the use of powered individuals has moved from the exceptional circumstance, which we had previously discussed, to a commonplace part of the pursuit of the war. Whilst this has certainly seen improvements in the casualty rates reported, I am alarmed that this change in policy was not discussed with central command. 

    The plans to conclude the Eastern Theatre have progressed as previously discussed and look to be in place within several months, but until then it is incumbent on you to return to the agreed strategy for the use of powered individuals. 

I let the letter drop, powers in World War Two? There had been rumours of individuals with powers way back in history but the first powered person, Atomic Man, hadn’t appeared until 1969, when he assisted Apollo 11 on their mission to the moon. That’s what the history books said anyway. 

I continued to read through the notes and papers and built up a picture that was quite unlike the lessons we had learned about in school – it was unlike anything I had ever even considered. They talked of engineering powers, of production facilities where they imbued powers into children and then let them loose into the world to become the early pioneers of the herio-ism age. They called it ‘Setting a goal for the populace’, whatever that was. 

I began to feel a sense of unease, this was, perhaps a little more information than I had wanted and I gathered up the remaining papers and crammed them back into the drawer where I had found them and moved further down the room. 

At last I came to what I was looking for, personnel files on the current roster. I decided to start at the beginning and look at my friend first – Ben Xtreme. His file started when Ben was 15 and like many Powered people he began to show changes while going through Puberty. For Ben though it wasn’t pimples and hair in strange places, no, Ben had ripped the door off a car and thrown it nearly half a mile down the road. 

That had been enough for his parents to take Ben to be tested at one of the government facilities set up to help people with powers. His potential had been identified pretty quickly and by the look of it there had been some debate over how far he could develop, but eventually his lack of diversity in his powerset had labelled him a low Tier two. 

It was useful to have the testing papers though as it detailed his abilities. His strength was listed with a lifting power of a little over 46 tonnes, but his speed and durability made him a for more rounded threat than strength alone. In the papers he had often been called ‘unbreakable’ and more so after he’d absorbed a dozen blows from the Demizonal Stranger in the Battle of Brooklyn, but he did have his limits. 

As suspected Tina had been adopted as a child. Most powers rendered people sterile and the few who weren’t, like my parents, were encouraged not to have children for fear of them being unstable… or was that just another lie too, it was hard to know now. 

I read through until I came to current information and things I already knew and finally let his file drop. They had everything here, his whole life had been detailed… but by who? The cabinets looked like they had hardly been opened and who would take all these notes and just leave them here? I pushed the question to the back of my mind and skipped along a few cabinets and pulled out the next file – Lady Amazing. 

It was commonly known that Lady Amazing was the last survivor of an all female tribe, but the file detailed how she had gained her powers by absorbing the spirits of a million of her ancestors and funnelling their anguish into power. It seemed a little… distasteful, but they were *her* ancestors I supposed, so I was in no position to judge. With flight and blasts of unbearable sorrow, she was a fighter that few would want to stand against. 

She’d been discovered as a young woman (although it didn’t say by whom) and introduced to the team while only seventeen, which was far earlier than any other member, but she’d proven a fierce warrior. So far as the file detailed, her only flaw was to occasionally eat the spirit of her defeated foe, but she was making great progress with that. 

The others were fairly standard stories, Golden Warrior and Bronze Tiger were guardians of an unspeakable evil and used its power to fuel their good work. When they had done enough good to balance out the evil then the spirit would be defeated. It was hardly an original story and it was only the strength of their power that made them stand out from the crowd. 

The Human Arrow was a weapons specialist, innately able to understand the workings of any machine and then duplicate it with his body. From the pictures included in his file it looked like his version of a flame thrower was most interesting to see and I took a note to ask him at some point. 

Most of what I found in Sergeant Force’s files I already knew having spent much time using his mind as a play thing, to learn the extent of my abilities in mind control. His memories were particularly fun to rifle through and mix up and then watch as he tried to reconstruct his childhood with what I left him. The only thing I found of interest was a detail f his origin that he was not even aware of himself. There were details of the experiment that created him, showing that it was no accident, but a deliberate act by the army. It seemed that the government had maintained their interest in creating powers after all. 

I paused next to my uncle’s cabinet and pondered continuing, but I had already spent several hours down here and I was beginning to feel overloaded. I had learned enough for one day and more than enough to convince myself that my plan would work. At some point I would return and look into my uncle and also my parents, but for now it was enough. 

The Justice Crew were far from the only team operating in the world, but they were probably the most powerful. Many teams were made up of Tier Three or Four heroes as two’s were normally able to have a solo career, but that was what made the Crew so alluring, that there was such power working together for a common goal. 

All through the files though there were hints that they hadn’t come together spontaneously, but there had been something, or someone, pushing them to form into the unit they were today. It was mildly concerning to think that I might not be the only one manipulating them, but until I saw something more overt I was determined not to worry. 

The ice cream had melted into a sticky mush, the flavours mixing together into a general unrecognisable mess, but I stuck in a spoon and slurped some of the creamy soup anyway. It dripped down my front and across some of the papers in front of me, smearing across a team photo from several years before.  I wiped the photo off and held it up, covering the triplets with my fingers and regarding what I had left at my disposal. 

In reality, all I wanted was one simple thing, to find my father and kill him - that last part was a recent decision, but I felt a good one. Still, until I found him, I needed an aim, a task to keep my mind focussed and to give me a challenge. I supposed there were lots of things I could try, knitting was popular these days, but I had decided to go another route and today had made me feel good about it. I was going to take over the world.I trailed behind the Crew as they made their way back through the backstage area, somewhat lost in my thoughts. I didn’t enjoy the feeling of being out of the loop; I had grown somewhat used to being the one who knew a little more than everyone else and now I was missing some key part of the story. 

I found that I had fallen in step with a woman who was also walking back from the auditorium into the backstage area. There was something about her that itched at my mind, something familiar in the way that she walked, but I couldn’t place it.  She was clearly a power, maybe Tier 3 or 4 I guessed from her Kevlar suit, as higher Tiers typically didn’t need that much protection. 

A mass of red curls tumbled down and hid her face and so I sped up to try to get a clearer look. As I drew level she suddenly turned and I was surprised to see her enter and walk directly though the Bud Light Extreme Relaxation Power Chill Zone and Oxygen Bar and push through the flap at the back into the staff area. 

The walk! Now I knew why she seemed familiar, but to make sure I reached out carefully and felt for her mind. There was no mistaking the neat and tidy sphere with thoughts clicking back and forth, but now I knew what I was looking for I also saw the spikes of adventure and a sharp analytic mind. Well, well, the booth girl had a secret. 

Right now though I could feel her worry as she struggled to get changed back into her booth clothes and stuff her long red hair under a blonde wig. Her thoughts had turned to her manager, afraid he had caught her while she slipped out to see Galactico, but she had been drawn there like the rest of us. Slipping on her Bud Light T-shirt and shorts was easy enough but her thick red lipstick was hard to reapply without a mirror and as she pushed back out and looked around furtively to see if she had been spotted.  

I felt her relax, but it was premature as an angry looking man pushed past me and walked onto the stand to confront her. It was clear that he was both her boss she was busted. “Where’d you go Darlene? I told you, no breaks, no time off the booth!” 

She stammered something quietly and I saw tears form in her eyes and her breath grow short, she needed this job badly. Without thinking I moved forward and her manager turned as I approached. “I’ll be with you in a moment sir.” 

I slipped inside his mind and pulled free his memory of the afternoon, while at the same time waving my hand across his face and speaking slowly. “You didn’t see her leave the booth, she’s been here all afternoon.” It was easy enough to have him parrot back my words. “She’s doing a fine job.” Again he repeated and I snapped my fingers and he walked away without a word. 

She was watching me with surprise. “Fuck, thank you, but what the hell was that?” 

I laughed. “Just basic hypnosis, hopefully it’ll confuse him enough he leaves you alone and doesn’t realise you just got back.”  

She froze. “Uh, yeah, I uh…”  

I waved it away. “It’s none of my business; I just thought I might be able to help.” 

She looked at me for a moment, already calming down and her mind working again. No she recognised me, but now the memory had become tangled with my actions this evening and her gratitude was more powerful than her first impressions earlier. She smiled. “Thank you, you saved my ass.” 

I felt my cheeks flush and I looked down. “It was nothing.” She smiled and turned away and for a moment I considered calling after her, but the moment had passed and I continued on into the backstage. 


*****

A sizzling purple laser scorched across the brick just inches above my head and traced across to a plate glass shop window, which erupted into fragments. Within the now destroyed coffee shop I could hear screaming, but it was lost in the chaos as the beams stabbed out again and a small mezzanine area on the other side of the atrium collapsed into a fountain and sent people scattering. I wondered the coffee shop would still make me a cappuccino, as I was a little thirsty, but it seemed unlikely. 

High above, floating on jets of plasma energy from his rocket boots, Deacon Destructo laughed and let his Nightmare Beams play back and forth across the rubble that had just fallen. The concrete and iron reinforcements popped and hissed as they melted and reformed under the power of the beam, but if he was hoping to have trapped Golden Warrior, he was mistaken.

Warrior’s voice boomed out from somewhere below, amplified, I knew, by a small speaker system that was hidden about his suit and boosted the bass. “Your days of devilry are done Deacon and now you’ll face the repercussions.”

He ran out from the framing shop that I had spotted him slip into a moment before the mezzanine had fallen and held up a full length mirror with an attractive art deco frame, directly into Destructo’s beam. I couldn’t be sure what he was thinking, presumably that the mirror would reflect the beam back at Destructo, but a basic grasp of physics would have told him that it was not going to work. 

For just a split second I saw a perfect hole in the mirror, before it exploded and the full force of the beam impacted on Warriors chest.  The energy beam seemed to warp and pulse across his broad shoulders and green rivulets of power ran out and down the length of his arms, which stretched out in agony.

I’d been following this battle since it had begun at a mid town Jumbo Jack’s Burger Joint and when it had entered this shopping centre I had made my way up to the middle level to get a better view. Now I was able to lean on the safety railing and see clearly as Warrior fell to his knees, paralysed in the bizarre energy field. 

It certainly looked very painful but then again, Warrior was an experienced hero and so I expected he was used to this sort of thing. It seemed rude somehow to interrupt, but then if he was to die then it could prove irritating and so I wondered if I should do something. I looked about for Bronze Tiger, but he had been flung through the glass roof shortly after they had moved inside and hadn’t reappeared, which seemed bad form for a hero team. If there was any help forthcoming, then it would have to come from me. 

I needed a moment to think and Warrior seemed to be doing okay, despite the screaming and so, still slightly thirsty, I retreated into a nearby bubble tea shop and sat on one of the pink chairs. The customers had fled the shop as the battle had moved into the centre and the drinks on the table looked untouched and so I took a sip of the nearest one. It was mango and lime -delicious. 

I sucked down more of the tea and let my mind expand to consider the shopping centre as a whole. I looked, briefly, for Bronze Tiger’s mind and found that he had not only been thrown clear, but the Priests of Mayhem had been waiting for him and that battle was ongoing somewhere outside.

Deacon Destructo still had Warrior pinned to the ground with his beams, but had dropped closer and his rocket boots were holding him level just a few meters above the ground. Those boots were so impressive, but so fragile at the same time. If, say, a small stone was to somehow get into one of the air intake manifolds and find its way through to jam the fuel injector, then that boot would cut out quite suddenly and leave the Deacon in quite the quandary.

The left boot coughed once, then died and it was all Destructo could do to keep himself airborne. He wobbled wildly and for a moment his purple beams veered off Warrior and smashed across the destroyed shopping centre until he blinked them off and slowly regained his balance on just one boot. He prodded at his wrist controls anxiously, but apparently hadn’t realised how much height he had lost until a hand grasped his unpowered boot and pulled. 

Destructo spun like a Catherine wheel and for a moment Warrior watched as he shrugged off the remains of his armour and then lined up a huge clubbing blow that sent the villain flying back into a half destroyed Gap.  

A moment later Destructo crawled from the ruins of the shop and held his hand up in surrender. “Call it a draw?” 

I turned away, the fight was as good as over now and all it had required was a small stone, strategically placed in the workings of a rocket boot – it made me wonder how quickly I could have ended the fight if I had been trying. A roar of triumph rang out and I looked back to see Warrior had pinned the Deacon to the ground and was tying his hands with a ziptie

He looked up and saw me watching and waved. “See Steve, I told you it would be instructive, the lesson today is never give up!” I smiled witheringly. 

It was my own fault in a way; after HeroFest the talk had turned to the upcoming battle and the need to capture and restrain as many villains as possible before the heroes of earth left on their mission.  It had been easy enough to make it Max’s idea that I be brought along to catalogue and monitor the fights to ensure that they be catalogued properly before transfer to the Quantum prison. 

My real interest was, of course, less in the administrative and more to do with my disappointing days at HeroFest. I had assumed that I have all the time I needed among hundreds of powered minds, but after Galactico’s Friday night impromptu announcement, many of the Heros had left early and the rest of the event had felt… flat. 

The heros had now scattered across the world, working hard to round up their rogues galleries and ship them off and so I decided to observe as many of the villains as I was able. Coming along to track them down seemed like a good opportunity, but so far most, even the powerful ones like the Deacon, were simply boring. 

It was going too quickly too, returning from every mission I would find a dozen more had been crossed off the list – some were practically turning themselves in. How was I supposed to have time to read their minds and understand their powers if they were shipped off faster than I could see them?  

“You ready to go?” Warrior was looming over me with Deacon Destructo limply held in one hand. 

I took a last a last suck on the bubble tea and then tossed the empty towards the neared rubbish bin and shrugged, then followed him from the ruins of the complex. Outside Bronze Tiger had disabled three of the Priests of Mayhem and already I could hear the sound of a helicopter approaching to take us back to central processing.  

Soon they’d be on their way to the Quantum Prison and my chance to study them would be gone, it was such a waste. If only there was a way to… 

I turned and smiled at Warrior. “Hey, I think I might go along with the prisoners this time and see what this Quantum Prison is like.” 

He frowned. “That’s not allowed Steve, only the…” I rearranged a few thoughts and he grinned happily. “…have fun buddy!” A moment later the black helicopters arrived and touched down lightly to collect the prisoners and as they lifted back off, I went along for the ride.The helicopters flew fast over the landscape, eating up the miles in a blur of motion. I sat across from Deacon Destructo and tried smiling at him, but he started back at me blankly; eventually it became disconcerting and so I looked away. For a few minutes I looked out of the window, but the horizon rocking back and forth made me feel slightly queasy and so I tuned back to the cabin, to avoid the view.   

I tried smiling at the guards who flanked the Decon on either side, but they just smiled back vacantly. They’d been easy to persuade to allow me to come along, their minds were simple and pliable - the basic minds of basic men. All I could glean with any certainty, apart from their sporting allegiances, was that they were employed just to transport prisoners back to the detention area where they would leave them and go out on another run. 

Actually, that was a bit odd in itself as they were absolutely normal men, nothing special about them at all. All they had was pepper spray and plastic batons, not really weapons suitable for restraining a super powered individual. The Deacon had a black eye rising where his head had been slammed into the concrete by Warrior, but otherwise he seemed fairly unhurt. Yet here he sat with just a pair of handcuffs on making no attempt to flee. 

I reached into his mind and found only a gentle acceptance of the situation – he was pondering how long it would take to get there and thinking about getting the handcuffs off, as they chafed at his wrists. Nothing was stopping him from activating his Nightmare Beams and blasting the side of the helicopter free and then introducing the guards to their sticks in a more personal and intimate way than they might desire, but he didn’t. 

I tried to probe a little deeper, but the rocking of the machine was increasing and I spent the next few minutes utilising one of the air sick bags that I found in the pouch next to the safety card. The bubble tea was definitely less fun on the way up than it had been on the way down, but strangely the mango taste was unaffected. 

Both the Deacon and the security guards were looking at me in horror as I finished and dropped the now full bag onto the seat next to me. I had rolled up the top, but it had done nothing for the smell and all I could do was to smile vaguely in apology. I closed my eyes and let my head fall back against the headrest, hoping the Deacon would change his mind and put me out of my misery.   

At last I felt us bank steeply and I cracked open my eyes. Out of the window I could see the helicopter in front as it angled round and dropped even lower towards the ground and we followed suit. The ground now filled the window and I looked down with mild curiosity to see what looked like some sort of military installation that we were circling towards at speed. 

At the last moment the pilot decided to change their plans from suicide to landing and we levelled off and hit the ground hard, answering my prayers for salvation from the flight. The rotors cut off with an electric whine and I offered up quiet prayers to whatever deity had spared my life and swore never to fly in a helicopter again. 

The door was abruptly yanked open from the outside and more guards looked in, also dressed in the all black uniform that the ones in the helicopter wore. They looked to me curiously, but I wafted them away with my sick bag and they backed off. Consulting their clipboards they gestured for Destructo to get out, which he did with some relief. With a last look of confusion towards me, they departed. 

The guards left in the helicopter were watching me with pained expressions, trying to fight against the instruction I had left embedded in their minds that I was allowed in the helicopter. 

I gave them a sloppy salute. “Don’t worry boys, this is my stop.” Then shuffled towards the door and dropped onto the tarmac. 

Solid ground did nothing to make me feel better, it still felt as if I was swaying back and forth and my nausea came back hard. I stumbled and rested against the side of the helicopter before noticing that I had caught the bag in the door on the way out and its contents were now oozing their way out and down my leg.  

It was enough to inspire me to move and at last I looked around to see where we had landed. Directly ahead were a row of hangers with helicopters and a few small planes in various states of repair and this faced out onto a wide open tarmacked area. On the other side of the tarmac a series of long low buildings seemed to cluster together and behind them was a tall concrete building with no windows. 

On shaky legs I began to make my way across to the buildings until I finally made my way to the first of the buildings where I was confronted. A guard was stationed on the door of the first building I came to and he watched me approach with faintly disguised contempt. 

He stepped out in front of me as I tried to walk past. “May I see your pass, *Sir.*”   It was clear that the last word was one he was adding as a formality and not to be confused with respect. Out of habit I patted at my pockets absently and as I did so, I realised what I must look like to the guard. 

Back earlier this morning it had all begun so well, when I had found Max in the Cavern gym and we’d spent thirty minutes working out together. Since Galactico’s announcement, he had been making the effort to do family things, including working out and even eating together. Following the workout we’d wandered up to the kitchen and I’d sorted through the cereal collection, looking for one I felt like trying. It was just as I had chosen and poured a bowl of choco-blast-bits when Golden Warrior had run into the room, looking for me.  

Once I had “persuaded” the Crew to let me come along when they collected the villains, they’d been excellent at letting me know when they had a significant collar and when Golden Warrior had found me, he was as excited as I had seen him. 

“We’ve found him Steve, we finally found him!”  He grinned back and forth at me and Max. 

I waited for a moment to see if he’d elaborate before asking the obvious. “Uh, who?” 

“Deacon Destructo! He’s been seen eating breakfast at a Jumbo Jack’s downtown with three of the Priests of Mayhem, we gotta go now.” He grabbed my arm and pulled and I was yanked off my seat spilling chocolaty milk down my workout trousers leg.  

“I’ve not had my coffee and I need to get changed!” I’d protested, but it was no use and he pulled me along behind him.  

That had been many hours ago and since then I had walked through several destroyed buildings, which had not helped my overall look. The guard waited as I finished patting my pockets and came up empty. I could feel him judging my sweat pants, stained down one leg with chocolate milk and the other with a smear of vomit. 

He sneered. “If you don’t have a pass then you’ll be escorted off base.” 

I was trying to keep it together, but the flight had done a number on me and I was unwilling to deal with this kind of problem. I reached into his mind and simply grasped hold of it firmly and squeezed. I could feel him gasp and stiffen in shock as his mind found itself compressed and unsure how to react. I considered ripping the information from his mind, but it seemed like too much effort. 

I gestured behind him. “What’s this building?” 

The words came out as if I was squeezing his throat. “It’s…officer… barracks…” 

I considered. “Who’s in there now?” 

His eyes rolled halfway back in his head and shook frantically. “No…one…” 

I patted him on the shoulder and let him drop and he tumbled into a heap. “Good boy, well done.” 

Suddenly the idea of a lying down for a little while until the nausea had worn off didn’t seem like a bad idea and with everyone out for the day it would be nice and quiet. I pushed into the barracks and turned left to where an arrow pointed me to the sleeping quarters. 

After a few minutes I found a corridor and worked my way along the ranks, reasoning that the higher the rank, the nicer the bed. At last I came to the end of the corridor and pushed open the door marked “Colonel P.F. James.” 

It was hard to know who was more surprised - him at seeing the sweaty man with bleary eyes burst into his room, or me as I watched him scrabble to pull off the red dress he had been modelling in the mirror. 

His face flushed red and then white and finally returned to red. “Who the bloody hell do you think…” 

I shut down his mind and sat him on the floor. Whatever the hell was going on, it could wait until after I’d had a nap and that included the Colonel. I had him curl into a ball next to the bed and sent him to sleep, while I drifted off myself, just a few minutes and I’d feel much better… just a few… 

Something went WHUM very loudly, startling me into sitting upright directly from a deep sleep. I rubbed my eyes and for just a second wondered why I couldn’t see, until they adjusted and the outline of the room appeared. It was night time and I had slept for far longer than I expected, but at least I felt more normal again. 

I swung my legs off the bed and found the Colonel was still fast asleep on the floor, his thumb stuck determinedly in his mouth. I considered waking him, but he looked peaceful and so I let him be. 

WWWWHHHUUUUMMMMM

The building seemed to vibrate with the noise this time and I was unsure if it was louder, or if I had simply been awake to hear it. Whatever it was, it had come from outside and I moved to the window, but the base outside looked deserted. 

As soon as I stepped outside I would be challenged again and as easy as it would be to wave away any questions, it would get tiresome quickly. Sitting on the box at the end of the bed was a neatly pressed uniform that the Colonel had left and with the belt let out a little it fit perfectly. The only problem was the shoes as he had surprisingly small feet, but in the dark I reasoned that few people would be looking down at my Converse. 

After checking the corridor I carefully made my way out of the building and into the open air. The guard, a new one, saluted me as I left and I returned it with aplomb. 

**WWWWWWHHHHHHHUUUUUUU** 

The noise *was* louder, but it cut off abruptly and I paused in surprise. At last this time, outside, I was able to tell the direction it had come from and so with a last glance back towards the guard, I headed deeper into the base. 

It seemed clear that it was the huge windowless building, not only as it was the most obvious candidate, but also because it was surrounded by men. A line of trucks stretched back around the corner and disappeared into the distance and the men stood outside and chatted, occasionally getting back in the trucks and pulling forward as the line moved.  

I could hear them as I approached and they laughed among themselves. “Yeah, got it in three this time, the Prof must be getting sick of all the noise complaints.” They laughed but it cut off as they saw me approach and registered the insignia on my shoulder. I passed by, saluting and made for the front of the line. 

The building was deceptive, with almost no marks to help with perspective, it was actually further away than it had seemed and it took another five minutes of walking until I finally came to the front of the queue. The trucks were all inching forward and entering a large set of double doors, but that left no gap to squeezer past and with no other visible way to get it I paused and considered my options. 

It came to me more slowly than it should have. I opened the door of the front truck and gestured for the passenger to get out and stepped in and smiled at the driver. He looked at me in confusion but I pointed forward and he drove in through the double doors into the light.I watched as the girl circled round the small area, holding a tray with icy cold bottles and smiling a fixed, somewhat glazed grin. The Bud Light Extreme Relaxation Power Chill Zone and Oxygen Bar was a little less than six meters across and as I was the only person who had taken a seat, it was inevitable that she’d soon be appearing in front of me again, no matter how slowly she walked.  

I’d made the choice to sit here not out of any desire to drink the beer, or even be near the booth girl, but because by my reckoning, it was roughly the central point of the backstage area. It was wedged between the Tier 2 and the Tier 3/4 areas and was one of the few booths which had actual seats and not complex looking beanbag arrangements. 

As soon as I had sat down the girl had appeared, offering a selection of beers whose name all started with Bud Light Extreme, but which didn’t seem to contain much actual alcohol.  Apparently sitting without drinking wasn’t an option and so I’d picked the one with the least garish label. I’d still had no luck removing the MASCOT sticker and so I took out my frustration by peeling the red and blue label off the bottle and then flicking the small pieces onto the floor, gaining some small sense of satisfaction. 

Since then she’d given me my beer, the girl had circled at a fairly steady rate, returning roughly every 90 seconds or so to check its level and ask if I would like another or a pack of the Slammin’ Jack’s Super Spicy Rancho Jerky Snaps. As she approached I again shook my head and muttered a soft decline and she wandered away, but it would only be a moment before she returned. 

She was beginning to be frustrating, as concentrating on the dozens of powerful minds was proving more difficult than I had imagined. All around was a vast sea of vapid brainpower and all of it was thinking about the same things, powers, heroes, teams and their abilities. I had imagined that those with powers would be somehow distinctive, brighter or more focused, but on the whole they were almost identical to everyone else. They too were often excited to see other heroes that they looked up to and so even basic thought patterns were similar between the powers and non powers. 

Back at the Cavern I had an almost complete lack of background noise and I had been able to pull back and look at the minds of the Crew as a group, as well as focussing in on each one. Here, the moment I looked more widely than even a single mind I was overwhelmed with noise and thoughts, it was maddening. It felt like a Faustian pact gone typically wrong, I had exactly what I wanted – access to thousands of powered brains, but I was overwhelmed with the sheer volume. Worst of all the *damn girl was approaching again, to offer me another fucking Bud Light.* 

It had become clear that until I had managed to solve the issue of the booth girl I was not going to be able to get any work done at all. Perhaps I could have her ignore me, or take a break or something, anything to get just a few minutes to try to concentrate. It was with almost relief that I pushed back the flood of thoughts and concentrated on her mind, separating it out from the sea of pulsing thoughts all around. 

Her mind was a soft tangerine flavour and at first it seemed smaller than usual, but as I slipped inside I realised that it wasn’t smaller, it was simply neater. It was odd to see how… how *efficient* it looked, kind of sleek and well ordered with thoughts that queued up and took turns moving across neatly as she observed them one way and then the other, carefully considering all angles. Concepts and ideas passed across her prefrontal cortex surprisingly swiftly and neatly; it was bizarrely erotic to watch. 

I withdrew from her mind, puzzled, and looked at her more closely. This time I tried to look beyond the cropped t-shirt with slogans on the back and front and the trucker hat perched at an angle. 

She was younger than I thought; thick makeup had distorted both her age and attractiveness. Whoever had decided on her general appearance had felt that “slutty” was a good aim and accomplished that by doubling down on ultra red lipstick and rouge. Ignoring the caked on makeup, there was signs that she was actually quite pretty, although it was difficult to say for sure. 

I let myself drift in on her again, this time ignoring her immediate thoughts and looking through her mind more generally. This wasn’t her first trade show, it was a regular gig for her and that meant that her actions were almost completely on auto-pilot. Almost nothing was actively bring processed, her entire routine was coming directly from long term memory, allowing her to do her job, while her active thoughts flicked back and forth neatly on other things. 

I let her mind continue to tick and moved back to her immediate thoughts and I waiting for one to pass by so I could observe it as it moved. Interestingly, she was watching the various Tier 3 and 4 heroes as they walked past and feeling…disgust. 

At that moment two gaudily dressed members of the Michigan Crime Solvers passed by and nudged each other as they gawped at her. Very firmly in the Tier 4 category, they were some of the more pathetic examples of powers that were still able to quality for the festival. She gave them her plastic smile, but behind her eyes was a cold anger and hatred, it was thrilling to observe from inside her mind.  

I carefully looked for some reason, some deep seated hatred towards people with powers that might explain these feelings, but there didn’t seem to be anything. No scarring early story of loss, no tragic family incident, hell not even a bad break-up. She simply seemed to hate them as part of the job and for their own pathetic leering qualities. How intriguing. 

She had turned at the corner, smiled vacantly out into the crowd and then turned and walked up to me with the same measured walk that she used all the way round, letting her hips sway just a little more than was natural. “You need another hon?” 

Her eyes were looking in my direction, chest pushed out a little and lips parted, but there was zero conscious thought and she already knew that my answer would be no, as my beer was still untouched, save from the exploratory swig I had made at the start. I wondered quite how automatically she was functioning. 

I touched my beer, just as I had the last six times she passed and kept my tone the same, level and bored. “No thanks, I hate it as much as you hate your job.” 

She smiled. “Just wink or wave if you need me!” And she moved on in a waft of perfume.  

It took until she was almost halfway round her circuit before I felt the words slide into her consciousness and push out her thoughts. She glanced across at me, trying to work out if she had actually heard what she thought she had or if her daydream had simply mixed the words up into her brain. 

She continued on her path, but more quickly, heading back to my table less than a minute later. She smiled, this time actually making eye contact. “Sorry, I kinda zoned there, did you say you wanted another beer?” 

I shook my head. “No, don’t even want this one much to be honest. Say, look, do you want to sit down for a moment and chat, you don’t seem to be enjoying yourself too much.”  

It was the wrong thing to say; her mind lit up with anger as she took me to be both insulting her and hitting on her. I saw a mental image of me appear and then immediately discolour with a purple tinge of dislike. Her body subtly changed, her chest thrust was less forward and she eased back just a half step to put a little distance between us. 

“Sorry, I’m working here, I’m not allowed to sit down.” I could see it was true, but it was a brush off, said coldly enough that I was supposed to leave her alone. She smiled again, picked up a small piece of label that I had flicked to the edge of the table and used it as an excuse to walk to the small bar area where they had a bin. She didn’t resume her route. 

Fuck. Her thoughts were now even more firmly on how much she resented her job and I was a focal figure in that, I needed to move quickly before the thoughts could process through to long term memory and so I reached out and found her mind and slipped inside. 

Her image of me had now passed mauve and each time she looked across at me, her smile was fixed, but I dropped another shade. I needed to act quickly and so I gently reached out and held back her thoughts and let her mind relax for a moment, dropping her adrenaline and releasing a small spray of endorphins until her body relaxed.  

It seemed the easiest thing to do would be to simply remove her thoughts on me entirely and start again and so I reached for her image of me and gently pulled, to free it from the rest of her mind. It came up, but not cleanly; I had become linked to her resentment towards her job, towards powers and towards men with no sense of personal space. 

I tugged a little more but there was a reaction and her brain seemed to tense and pull backwards, thoughts now spilled past my block and she was confused and angry without knowing why. I thought of the Triplets, of how their minds had torn free from their bodies and I could see how hers was straining as I pulled at it. It was hopeless and I let go, her mental image of me sinking down and then disappearing as it entered long term storage and disappeared from view. 

I released myself from her mind completely and it throbbed, injured by my actions. I considered trying to move things around, to somehow help, but it seemed like I would only make things worse. The neat mind I had encountered was now bigger, as if it had unravelled slightly as I pulled at it and I took the only action I could, standing and walking away, before she noticed I was leaving.  

I tried to push the girl into the back of my mind; I couldn’t get distracted by every girl I came across who had an interesting brain and thick red lipstick. The backstage area was beginning till get busier as more teams and individual heroes arrived, or finished their talks in the main hall and this was the perfect opportunity to examine some more brains. 

Of course, on the other hand it had been an interesting learning experience too and a lesson that some information was not possible to remove or reshuffle. I had assumed it was because the Triplets were, well, Triplets, but perhaps some brains worked differently. It made me pause and for one brief moment I considered going back to talk to her again… but it seemed like a poor idea. 
.
Irritated, I turned and made my way back to the Justice Crew section of backstage, angry that I had failed to do any meaningful analysis of the various powers around me and less interested in trying again. I had somehow been outsmarted by a booth girl with a tidy mind. If *felt* like both of those things had been out of my control, but then *that* felt like I was making excuses for myself. 

Back at the Crew lounge the rest of the team had finally finished their interviews and gathered together. The Sergeant was seemingly the focus and it took me a moment to remember that I had put his mind back together so that he wouldn’t wander off. To the others it seemed simply like he had finally snapped out of the strange funk that he had been in for the last while and the mood was festive. 

Golden Warrior was the first to see me as he broke away to grab a drink from the private bar in the corner. I noticed with relief that it stocked drinkable beers and Warrior tossed me a can of something Bavarian. 

“Hey Steve-o!” I hated being called Steve-o and made a mental note to deal with that later. “I see Sarge is back to normal more or less. Did he perk up while he was with you?” 

I wracked my brain for an answer until surprisingly I realised that the truth would be perfectly adequate. I popped the can and took a swig. “I left him with a couple of convention girls who were *very* friendly. Maybe he just needed to get laid?” 

Warrior laughed. “Wouldn’t be the first time little buddy!” I added ‘little buddy’ to my shit-list of things I didn’t like to be called.  

Max turned and smiled to see me. “Good timing Steve, we were just about to head in for the panel.” 

The idea of heading back into that seething mass of humanity didn’t appeal. “Panel? I thought the Crew weren’t due to speak until tomorrow?”  

Bronze Tiger had moved silently across the room as he was prone to do and slipped an arm over my shoulders excitedly. “You didn’t hear? The *Big Gun* showed up, so they’re putting on an impromptu right now and we’ve got front row seats!” 

My heart skipped a beat. “Atomic Man 4 showed up?” 

“No, no, even better.” Bronze Tiger looked as excited as the plebs who I had seen in the hall earlier. “It’s Galactico.”

I looked to Max who was nodding, his face similarly filled with glee. Galactico hadn’t been on earth for nearly a decade and for him to come back and actually agree to take part in a panel, well, it was unprecedented. 

It was all I could do to put my just-opened beer down as I was pulled from the lounge by the excited Tiger and we were pushing through the throng to get to Convention room B. For once people didn’t care about the Crew, they were no longer the big ticket item and they didn’t even care. 

I let myself be propelled along, but I was lost in my thoughts. This was better than I could have possibly imagined. If I could get a glimpse inside *his* mind, if I could see what made him tick, it’d be better than scanned every single one of these losers. 

I zoned back in and helped Tiger push through the crowd, face palming a small girl out of her wheelchair in order to clear a small space and then quickly moving through to keep up with the Crew. This was what I had been waiting for… I mean, if I’d known that I was waiting for something. 

****

Okay, could do with some thoughts/options/help. 

1) The people with superpowers - I feel like I am sometimes calling them "powers" and sometimes "heroes" and I am now sure if either of those terms is right, if it doesn't matter or if I should call them something else. 

I've done a straw poll, so if you care then click over here - http://strawpoll.me/6796010 and let me know. 

If you think of a better name then let me know below, but maybe it's not worth worrying about and we'll just end up in one of those situations like a zombie movie where they call them walkers or something but we *all know* they're zombies and it's stupid they don't call them that. 

2) The Superhero Gym - I think maybe we need a new name for the story in general, unless you guys really like that? So if yo have any ideas then let me know them below too and maybe we'll come up with something better. 

Thanks for reading!Original prompt by /u/WriterDavidChristian

*****

So far today I have gone through and given my story from yesterday a first edit and a slight tidy. I'm now working on more of the story that'll come out later today! 

*****

The paint on the door of the Iron and Steel Gym was peeling, but it swung open easily on well-oiled hinges and opened into a neat and tidy reception area. Seated at a long low desk, a young looking girl smiled at me as I entered and waved me over. 

She beamed at me with perfect teeth behind hot red lipstick and I began to feel self-conscious at the gut which stuck out over my waist band.  “Hi there, welcome to Iron and Steel, are you looking for a membership today or just a one off workout?”  It took me a moment to answer while I reminded myself that they *always* put pretty girls on reception to make you feel motivated to join. 

I fished out the piece of paper I had printed out this morning and felt a twinge of regret I wouldn’t get the full force of her sales pitch. This was a late Christmas gift, or so my Uncle had insisted, but I had a hint of suspicion that he also felt I could lose a few pounds and this was his nice way of letting me know. My family were all pretty heavily into health and exercise and I was something of the black sheep. 

“Uh, yeah, I got gifted a membership here from my Uncle?” I cursed myself at making it a question. I sounded like an idiot - I should have been decisive! Her all-American girl-next-door looks were making me feel almost nauseous with desire and I had to swallow hard as she reached out and our fingers brushed when I handed over the voucher – *c’mon Steve, keep it together*. 

She read quickly, her lips moving slightly in the most adorable way. As she reached the gifter’s name her eyes lit up and she turned her full beam smile back on me. “You’re Mr Power’s nephew?” I nodded, unable to trust myself not to dribble if I tried to speak. “That’s *awesome*!” I pictured our wedding and wondered if our children would be as attractive with my genes pulling them down. 

She reached out her hand and I looked at it for a moment in surprise, unsure what to do. “C’mon,” she grinned. “I’ll take you through, show you around and get you set up with someone to show you the facilities.” Dumbly, I nodded and let her take my hand and guide me through into the gym proper, trying not to stare at her ass as we walked. 

The gym was fairly small, a couple of dozen stations spread across a medium sized hall, with a water station and doors to the changing area down at the far end. I was vaguely aware she was talking to me as we walked, something about towels, but it was gentle background noise. The shame I felt at my own lust was ignored as the lust itself overwhelmed me. 

We stopped and after a moment I registered the change and looked up to see her waiting for my attention to return. “Here’s your trainer, he’ll get you settled in.” Then she was gone and it was all I could do not to follow her as she walked away.  

At last I was able to force my attention to the man she had left me with and it took several seconds and a half step back before I was able to take him all in. It wasn’t just his size, although he was easily over six foot eight, it was the sheer volume of muscle that stood in front of me. It seemed almost to have its own gravitational pull and although he was standing still, muscles all over his body twitched, as if they were begging to start working.  

“Hi, Steve is it?” I nodded, still dumb, but this time through sheer intimidation. “Welcome to the gym, I see you’ve met my daughter, so let’s get you changed and we can do an assessment of where you are and where you’re looking to be.” 

I was still nodding when he words sank in and slowly their meaning cut through my horny demeanour with an icy adrenaline surge.  *Daughter*, he’d definitely said daughter and reality slowly kicked back in as lusty fantasies turned to very real images of my ass getting kicked. My mind had now veered from joy to despair so quickly that it was easiest to simply follow chunky finger he was pointing with and head to the changing rooms.  

Finally I took a proper look around as I walked. The gym was fairly quiet, but at the far end, two men were working out together, both also extremely athletic looking. As I drew closer I realised that it was an older man and a younger one, perhaps forty and eighteen but as an accepting 21st Century man I made no judgement – takes all folks after all. 

It was only as I drew up alongside them that it finally clicked and I stopped in my tracks and let my head slowly swivel. I’d never seen them up close, but they were in the news most days and that jaw line, along with the eyes and the odd pairing made them unmistakable. It was clearly the Golden Warrior and the Bronze Tiger, London’s most famous crime fighting duo. 

They ignored me and some form of self preservation propelled me forwards again, into the changing room where I sat on a cold wooden bench in amazement. A pair of superhero’s here in the gym?  I’d never even thought about it, but they had to work out *somewhere* and this seemed as logical as anywhere I supposed. 

It was only when I had my trousers off and was regretting my choice of gym shorts that the second realisation hit me – the huge blond man who was to be my trainer was also familiar. I crept to the door and opened it a crack and then held my fingers up so that only his nose and golden curls were visible. Pulling out my iPhone I cquickly scrolled through Super-wiki, looking for images of Mr Xtreme - *it was an exact match*! 

It couldn’t be a coincidence, it just *couldn’t* be and so with a sense of growing excitement I pulled on my 5k charity run t-shirt from 1996 and strode back out, suddenly feeling more confident, as if my knowledge somehow made me more powerful. 

It took less than 10 minutes before Mr Xtreme, or Ben, as he had introduced himself, had exhausted me to the point of quitting. Even on their lightest settings I was completely unable to use most of the equipment, so he had me on floor work with crunches and skipping rope, but my results were unimpressive on both. 

It was clear that I was completely useless, but amazingly Ben kept up the encouragement, using his kind, deep voice to make me feel like each sit up was an accomplishment and each set up ten jumping jacks a major step. Slowly, as my brain shut down and my body became a numb mess of pain, I began to feel less intimidated and think fondly of this mass of muscle and golden curls. I had to admit that some sort of Stockholm Syndrome may well have been building up in the 26 minutes I had been working out, but when he said “and rest” at the end of each set it was definitely love that I felt. 

At last, after an hour I was allowed to stop and Ben let me lie quietly on the floor while he and a short fierce looking man discussed something in sharp whispers in the corner. I wondered, as I passed in and out of consciousness, who else might use this gym, could it be a hang out for the whole Justice Crew? 

As well as Mr Xtreme, Golden Warrior and Bronze Tiger there was the Human Arrow, Maximum Power, Sergeant Force, Lady Amazing, The Underwarrior and Team Triplets – maybe they were all regulars here, maybe this was a superhero gym!

It took me quite some time to limp home from the gym and after covering 98% of my body in deep heat and lying on the floor for a little while as my dog licked my toes, I finally made a plan. This afternoon had been just too coincidental and only one person could offer me answers, my uncle. 


Uncle Max lived in a large sprawling house on the outskirts of town with his name “Maxwell Powers” on the gate in black cast iron letters. I’d been coming here since I was a boy, but today, for the first time, I finally felt like I was approaching him as an adult. Had he known? He said that he worked out there himself sometimes so surely he must have seen the signs? After all, it was so blatant, no one could have possibly missed it, right?  

*****

“I just… how did you not figure it out before?” My uncle casually shredded a tin can with his fingers before sweeping the bits into the recycling bin. I suppose I could kind of see his point, looking back at my childhood memories, so many of them now seemed… bizarre.  

I took another sip of coffee and set it down on the commemorative Justice Crew coaster and again it hit me that there had *always* been a lot of JC merchandise around my uncle’s house. Lots of people bought the stuff, but looking back perhaps I should have been more suspicious. 

I looked over my uncle again. He had big muscles, but so did lots of people and he’d always been dashing off to some place or other at a moment’s notice. I mean, why did he have to leave my graduation suddenly and get back 30 minutes later smelling of an oil fire? 

I cleared my throat. “So, to be clear, you’ve *always* been Maximum Power, it’s not just…” I grasped vaguely for words. “…it’s not just a recent thing?” I finished lamely. 

His cheek twitched in amusement. “Honestly Steve, I assumed you knew and were just being cool about it – it’s not like I was all that subtle. Remember when I pulled up that tree to get your cat down?” 

I remembered the incident he meant from when I was five. He’d ripped a tree from the ground and held up level while Mr Fluff had jumped into my arms. “It wasn’t all *that* big a tree…” 

“It was a fucking Oak Steve and I ripped its roots from the ground, was that not a clue?” 

I felt a little attacked. “To be fair on me, adults always seem strong when you’re a kid. I mean, Dad did a lot of cool stuff too and he wasn’t a…” The look my uncle was giving me made me trail off. “…what?” 

“He was the Void Master Steve.” 

My mind went blank. “Wha… what?” I kicked back my chair and stood up, Dad too? “No… no, how could… did Mum know?” 

My uncle caressed his temples with his fingers. “Yes Steve, she’s The Amazing Expanding Woman.” 

Strangely this didn’t surprise me as much, she’d been putting on a few pounds in the years since Dad died and there had always been a resemblance… actually as it turned out she was the same person I supposed it was more of a resemblance, but still, it was somehow less shocking.  

I paced back and forth. “So you, Mum and Dad, were all heroes.” He nodded. “And Mum what, gave up when Dad died?” 

A pained look flashed across his face. “Look Steve, this is really something you should be discussing with your mother…” 

Something in his tone made me pause. “Why, what happened when he died?” 

He sucked in air through his teeth. “Weeeeeell, he might not be dead so much.” My mouth hung open and I fell into a chair. My dear father who had died six years prior of liver disease might not be dead? Uncle Max looked uncomfortable. “See he was sucked into this swirly vortex thingy and didn’t come back… so…” He trailed off. 

I surprised myself by yelling, my anger coming suddenly. “So I got a call at University to tell me that Dad had dropped dead unexpectedly? The fuck uncle Max? Really? What. The. Fuck?” A thought occurred. “And what if he was to come back, what then?” 

He had the good grace to look ashamed and spread his hands into a shrug. “It just seemed like a good idea at the time.” 

All this information coming so quickly and it didn’t help that my muscles were screaming from my earlier work out. Dad, Mum, Uncle Max, how had I missed it all? At last there was only one question left. “So, what about me, do I have any super powers?” 

Max shook his head “No, Christ, your Dad wanted to spare you this life. He saw a guy before they conceiving you and they said you’d stand a very good chance of being a Tier 1 power as both your parents were powered. Steve, you know that Tier 1 heroes *have* to work for the government and most don’t survive more than a dozen years before they are killed on some mission, or sucked into a vortex like your dad. He didn’t want to lose you to a training camp when you were just a kid and so he took a pill to block all that. You’re just a normal guy and you get to live a normal life!” 

A normal guy, he made it sound like something to aspire to, when I’d originally had the potential to be a God. He stood and walked over to me, placing his hand on my shoulder, his meaty fingers warming my shoulder instantly. “You get to have a life, treasure that.” He let go and turned away before turning back one more time. “Oh, except you have a slightly higher chance of diabetes and something called super-haemorrhoids, you might want to keep a check on that.” 

Of course I did, perfect.

*****


It had taken nearly six months of begging, but at last the day was here and we were on our way to the fabled Justice Crew Cavern, the secret-ish base of the Justice Crew, Earth’s mightiest superpowered beings.  My Uncle had refused almost immediately when I had asked him, but the turning point had finally been when Ben Xtreme had intervened on my behalf. 

We’d become friends as we worked out together and he’d promised to help when I was able to do a solid hour work out with him and then jog home. After a lot of sweat, more tears than I cared to admit and even a bit of blood, I had finally made it and he’d made good on his promise. It had all been worth it in the end! 

Much as I hated to admit it, working out at Iron and Steel had become the best thing in my life and the Heroes had even seemed to accept me, speaking freely about their missions when it was just them and me in the gym. I suppose I had begun to think of myself as part of the team almost. Of course they had all been aware of my parents and after I had overcome my initial anger at the secret having been kept for so long, they’d been nothing but welcoming.  

It had gnawed at my initially, the lies, the deception and the secrets which had been kept from me. I couldn’t help but look back on my childhood and on all the times that something had seemed wrong or strange and wonder what life might have been like if I had been in on the secret, if I had been super too. 

Still, it was a part of my life that was closed off, a decision taken out of my hands by a father who had disappeared and seemed unlikely to return and so I made the best of my life. I lost weight, worked out, made friends and even got to know Tina Xtreme a little, although my passion had been cooled a little when I discovered she was a Tier 3 hero and was strong enough to snap iron girders in her bare hands. 

I was okay with this life because I had *decided* to be okay with this life, because I was *happy* with this life. I told myself that over and over again and bit by bit it began to seem true and I began to feel less like I had been cheated more content with what I had.  

The Maximum Power Mobile was a lot more cramped inside than I had imagined and crammed into the passenger seat, all I could wonder was why there was a lingering smell of onions. My uncle sat at the controls with his mask off and the yellow velvet jacket of his suit open to the crotch. 

“You’re going to like it at the Cavern Steve.” He seemed slightly nervous to be taking me; I knew that Mum had disapproved, but she simply refused to discuss it with me. “We’re nearly there.” 

Like most people I knew that the cavern was located in the Old Sea Cove. The entrance was one of those open secrets that no one spoke of, but would be alluded to with a wink. As we drew close I noticed my Uncle fiddling with the various switches on his dashboard, setting them into a strange array of settings until at last he was satisfied as we turned into the road. 

The final approach seemed perfectly normal, just a small country road leading to a cave that was set back from the sea by a few hundred feet. Suddenly, as we came closer, we seemed to pass through an invisible wall that left a metallic taste in my mouth and I saw that the countryside scene had been replaced by a rocky field, with a tall imposing white structure in front of us. 

“I don’t… what just happened?”

My uncle grinned back at me. “Mini-Universe bubble, keeps the place locked away and safe, you didn’t think it was just an old cave like in the Saturday morning cartoons did you?” I shook my head, trying not to show my surprise. 

The door rolled back as we approached and we drove in, leaving the car in one of the many bays that lined the walls. I saw jets and what looked almost like space craft in other bays, but we passed by them as we walked quickly into a large atrium area. 

Vast glass walls seemed to shimmer and shine with colours and images, almost as if they tuned in and out of different realities, showing vague shapes of trees and city landscapes. They reached up to a dome ceiling far above us and small spaces between the glass showed many floors, packed with strange objects. 

Waiting for me in the centre of the atrium were Ben Xtreme and Bronze Tiger, the two who I had become closest to at the gym. Bronze Tiger threw his arm around my shoulders as we approached and slowly turned me around to look all around. “Come on, Steve, let me show you about the place.” 

Xtreme and my uncle left us alone and Tiger began to tour me through the impressive structure. It seemed to stretch over a dozen or more stories and each seemed more impressive than the last. Trophy rooms and storage took up most of the lower levels but as we went up it turns into labs where The Underwarrior carried out his research and we even looked into the transduxional vortex that led to Maximum Power’s home dimension. 

Finally we reached the top level where I found the whole team were waiting for me. Their grand meeting room, the one that I had seen so many times on news broadcasts and in documentary features, seemed impossibly vast, even considering the scale of the building so far. The great table with the huge carved chairs made me feel tiny and I was astounded at the grandeur and glitter all around. 

“Steve, over here.” I looked up to see my uncle waving me over to where he stood by his own chair, a massive object of yellow and red. I started to move over and found that all around the faces of the crew watched me expectantly as I moved.  Across the marble floor, my footsteps clacked into the distance until I reached him and he smiled down at me with his kindly grin. 

“Steve, we’ve all become *very* fond of you since you joined the gym and we’d like…” He looked around happily. “…well, we all wanted to make you kind of part of the team in some way.” 

My heart swelled with pride. I finally felt at home, although I didn’t have powers I was being made to feel as welcome as if I… 

He cut through my train of thought. “Here.” My uncle stepped back and I tried to make sense of what I was looking at. 

I peered carefully. “Uh, what is it?” 

He looked from it to me. “It’s a chair, at the Table of Legend.” He smiled as I looked on, confused. “For you!” 

I looked again at the object he had drawn back and then up to the towering seats that each of the members had. Their chairs was complex carved marvels which soared to the ceiling some hundreds of feet above and were encrusted with gems and gold. The seat he showed me seemed to be a folding chair from Ikea with my name stencilled on the back and painted black. Looking closely I could see where the paint had run into the joints, it hadn’t even been done all that carefully.  

“I don’t…” I trailed off, confused, trying to find the worlds to express my feelings to my uncle. 

Ben Xtreme pushed him aside, excitement making him blurt out excitedly. “We want you to be our mascot Steve, kind of an ‘*everyman*’ thing, to show people that *anyone* can be super.” His grin was wide and almost manic with excitement.  I looked to each face in turn. They seemed to be smiling out of genuine compassion but this… this offer was… it was an insult that they didn’t seem to see. 

To be stripped and denied my own power and then be offered this pathetic seat to be a fucking *mascot?* I felt the anger growing in my mind and I tried to think of how to calmly express myself when a siren somewhere began to blare and the room flashed red.  

My uncle looked to the ceiling. “Team, it’s time to put crime to shame, let’s go Justice Crew!” Suddenly they were all running for different exits, but my uncle turned to me with a quick wink. “You mind the place while we’re out working Steve!” Then I was alone. 

Mind the place? My anger moved into a slow icy hatred and without thinking I sat down in the small black chair, before jumping up in disgust. I was nothing to them; I was a worm, a PR exercise in look-how-nice-we-are. I would not accept this. 

****

The cavern was vast but thanks to my tour I knew exactly where I needed to go. Each member of the team had extensive records and that included the man I wanted to find out about, my father. 

VOID MASTER – his file was filled with details of fights and victories, but I was only interested in one thing, his medical history. It took some time, but at last I found what I was looking for, the pill. I read through with growing anger as it detailed the decision he had made and what it had meant for me. 

*”The de-power pill. This pill will allow a hero to effectively block the transmission of powers to their child. The pill contains several risks, including a higher than average risk of heart disease cancers and monsterism in the child, but is largely safe for the parent.”* 

So he’d decided to take a risk on me being a monster so that he didn’t have to deal with a powered kid and now? Now I was like a pet to his buddies, just a kid that they liked to keep around out of what, pity that my father was dead and my mother a retired mess? 

Well, maybe I wasn’t a superhero, but I was smart enough to use the cross reference system to see how the pill had been developed and it was no surprise to see a familiar name on the file - The Underwarrior. 

He’d always been the scientist of the Crew and even before he had joined, he had developed cures for a dozen diseases that had plagued mankind. He had a tier two intellect along with his incredible physical abilities and so along the way he had become the doctor of choice for those with powers. It was no surprise that he had been who my father had turned to when he sought to suppress me. 

It took nearly an hour to track down the files in The Underwarrior’s laboratory, but when I did it was worth it. Nothing was secured here, perhaps being in a dimensional bubble had left them with an undeserved sense of safety, but that suited me just fine. 

He’s not bothered to name it, after all it had only been used once. It was just referred to as “the pill” in his notes. I guess it made sense, it was like a contraceptive for superpowers. I read through all his notes looking for answers, anything to help make sense of what he had done and at last, near the end, I found it. I hadn’t known what I was looking for when I began, but now I knew exactly what I wanted. 

Line 324, paragraph 2. “*Care must be taken, as the effects, while permanent, can be undone at any time by careful application of tri-hexi-dronal crystals. The power return would be immediate, but without careful tutelage the subject could prove dangerous as they struggled to cope with their new power. A tier 1 power without sufficient training is classed as an Alpha plus threat and so it is not recommended to take this action without the full authority of the Superpowers Bureau.*” 

A surge of joy pulsed through me. It was *reversible?* I could actually be like them, no, not like them **better** than them! No one on the team was above a tier 2, but I would be… I would be like a God to them! There were only three known Tier one powers active in the world, each controlled by a government and pressed into action against galactic sized threats and here I was, spending my life watching TV and eating Cheesits.  

I looked through the laboratory records until I found what I wanted, not only was the compound creatable… it already had been. It wasn’t even all that rare, the Underwarrior used it as part of a *cleaning* solution for god’s sake. There in a cupboard under a sink was the answer to everything I had wanted, the answer to the scorn I felt. It was just sitting in a little bottle, waiting for me. 

I climbed back to the meeting room and waited, letting the bottle sit coolly on my hand until I heard the sound of them returning. I sat in my little black chair like a good boy and it was only when I heard the cry of “Steve, we’re back.” That I popped the lid, smiled and swallowed the pill.

*****


The sounds of various tubes and doors being activated hissed and whirred through the room as the various members of the Justice Crew re-entered the room by their different routes. The arrogance, the ridiculousness of it all - to have a different entrance and exit for each member, simply so they could whiz in and out as they chose - it would have been laughable if I hadn’t been kept still by my cold contempt. 

I waited, the bottle slipped back into my pocket and I sat on the chair they had chosen for me, the chair they had *deemed* worthy of me as their *mascot*. I decided that I’d make this chair my throne when they begged me for mercy. 

All I had wanted was a little respect, all I needed was for them to understand that this was simply humiliating for me, but could they manage that no? At last footsteps approached and I adjusted my face into its usual vacant grin and half turned. 

“Oh, you’re back.” I smiled at my Uncle Max who grinned back sheepishly. 

“Yeah, hey, look I’m glad you’re still here.” 

I shrugged theatrically. “Where would I go? It’s your bubble dimension.” 

He half grinned, unsure how to take that. “Yeah, okay I guess.” 

I stood and shoved back the chair, knocking it over. “Don’t worry about it. Say, put it there uncle.” I held out my hand and he looked at it in surprise and then carefully took it, as if handling a flower or baby. Now we’d see what this pill could do! 

I squeezed, not as hard as I could, but enough, I hoped, to let him know that something had changed, that something was about to be very different. He smiled. “Working on your grip there huh buddy, I guess all that gym time has been paying off.” 

I looked at my hand, almost astonished. Where was the power, where was the devastating crushing of his hand. I tried again and he only smiled more widely. It had failed, or perhaps never been possible in the first place. My hopes were gone, I was nothing more than a pathetic human and I never would be anything more. 

The others approached in the background but hung back and I wondered if they were about to present me with a fucking cape or something for being a *special guy*. Perhaps if I rushed I could fling myself out the window to spare myself, but they’d probably just save me anyway. 

Max rubbed the back of his neck. “Look, we were kind of talking and realised that we might have been a little… uh…” 

“Patronising” Ben helped him. 

“Yeah, yeah, that. With the chair and mascot stuff.” He smiled a sincere grin. 

I felt my mouth drop open in astonishment, an… an apology? Shame overwhelmed me for a moment and all I could wish was that I was all alone and not here in this circle of people who had only been trying to help me. I felt my cheeks burn red and looked up to thank my Uncle. 

He was carefully walking backwards away from me, while the others were already gone. “Hey look, we’ll just let you be a while and you can let me know when you wanna chat, okay?” With a velvety whisper he leapt backwards and then he was gone and to my astonishment I was suddenly all alone again in the hall. 

I slowly picked up the chair and tried to reassemble my thoughts, the speed that they had left at seemed… so weird. Something seemed almost… connected? That was it! I had thought just a second before they left that I wanted to be alone and now? I rapped on the table and it echoed through the cavernous room. 

Slowly the pieces built up in my mind and as they worked their way together my anger returned. I was wrong, my power had indeed come in, but it was a power that had long been thought impossible. Never had there been a super with any mind power greater than super intelligence, no telekinesis, no telepathy, but what had I just done? 

I let my mind relax and concentrated on making the table move and as if by magic it floated up a few inches and then dropped again. Several dozen tonnes of mahogany slammed down, but no-one came to investigate - of course I had sent them all away. 

But this *also* meant that they *hadn’t* come back with a change of heart, they *had* been their usual selves and only my desperate wish that they understand my humiliation had changed them. They were the same arrogant bastards who had made me their mascot and nothing at all had changed.  

I let my mind drift and I found that I could easily pick up each of their minds as bright points in the background noise. Each of them had gone to a task they enjoyed, Max working out, Underwarrior in his laboratory, the rest scattered around the base. I let myself grow closer to them and found myself drifting towards Sergeant Force, his mind going from a shining point to a glowing sphere. 

I could almost reach out and touch it… in fact I *could* touch it and with minimum effort I held it in my imaginary hand. He was reading, looking through books of ancient lore on dragons and I could see it was related to the most recent mission that they had been on. In fact, with a little work I could see everything he knew, all his memories, all his feelings, all his powers, all laid out in a nice line for me to examine at will. It was beautiful in a way. 

I reached out and gently teased a single skill from his mind, it was glowing softly red as he used it, the ability to read. How soft and pliable it felt in my hand as it drew it out of his mind and how pleasing it was to see him look down in confusion at the book he no longer understood. 

I pulled his ability to read into me, feeling it absorb in a strange and beautiful way. He still sat at the table rubbing his eyes and peering at the book, but he would never understand it, it would forever be a lost world to him now. I could see other things glowing in his mind now, confusion, anger and delicious shame. 

I pulled out shame and put it to my lips and with a gently blow I inflated it until it was almost three times the size it had been and then I let it fall back onto his mind and smother everything else. He gently laid his head down on the table and wept with wracking sobs as his mind collapsed in on itself and I watched with fascination.  

This would become a secret, a dirty thing he would keep hidden and it would be a glory to watch. Already I could see the shame had grown from when I placed it, it was now red and angry and just *glorious*. 

I let my mind return to my body and found I was calm again. What a beautiful day it was turning out to be.

*****

These things took time I reminded myself and while I had almost unlimited resources at my fingertips, some things didn’t get any easier no matter how much time or energy you threw at them. 

In the last six months things had become… different. Learning to use my powers had been a challenge and more than once I had made a mistake and needed to… cover things up a little. It was a shame but adjustments had to be made and eggs, or triplets as it was in this case, were occasionally broken.  

Honestly it was more their fault than mine, Team Triplets had never been particularly fond of me and their objection to my becoming the team mascot had become quite… unseemly. They had been the only ones not in attendance when I was first brought to the cavern and when they had returned it was my own error that had somewhat sealed their distrust of me. 

It was surely just an old wives tale that triplets had some sort of *special* connection, but I had to admit that their minds were far more closed off than others. Part of their power had always been to understand and know what the others were about to do even as they did it and that was an effective method of team crime fighting, but it made it hard for my fledgling telepathic powers to penetrate their minds.  

Even worse, they seemed to sense, if not consciously, that I was trying to intrude and it left them with the unshaking feeling that I was an outsider and not to be trusted. No matter what Uncle Max said, they just would not change their mind. What had followed through had definitely been a mistake, I had not meant any harm at all, but my powers were new and I controlled them poorly, that much I’ll admit. 

Three minds, working as one looked and felt different to a single mind, but when I forced myself inside it was not as dissimilar as I thought it might be. Three golden orbs were meshed together, both the same and different, but with thoughts and feelings scattering across all three. I could watch as a thought flashed across the minds and then reformed and grew with resolve – sadly that thought was distrust towards me. 

My ongoing experimentation on the Sergeant had left me confident in my ability to find and manipulate an emotion to my whim, but that confidence was misplaced when dealing with the Triplets. 

I reached out, letting my mind relax and plucked the thought from the mind of the nearest triplet, but to my surprise the other two triplets seemed to spin and shine on me in full glare. Although each mind had its own thoughts, there was always a tendril to the others and it was quite impossible to untangle. 

I pulled, a little less gently than before, reasoning that if this black mess that now smeared across the minds of all three Triplets could be removed, then any damage would surely be repaired anyway. It felt almost as if we were in a tug of war, back and forth as the three shunted their feelings across each mind, trying to hold onto what they were feeling. 

Trapped and forced to go further I grabbed at anything I could hold onto, pulling in thoughts memories and feelings, pulling them into me or simply letting them float away as I tried to pull at the black mess that was now spiked with fear and anger. I was too far in and they were too desperate, only one of us could win but for that to be me they would force me to take everything along with it. So I took it. 

Their minds broke loose with a strange shattering, almost as if they had been attached with a glass stem. I saw parts of their mind rush past me, but I ignored it, too busy untangling the web of dark betrayal that represented myself. As each strand came free I was able to cast it away, letting it settle somewhere unseen and unfelt. I found the three minds cocooned in my hands, still gently glowing. 

I looked to return them, to place them back to where I had found them, but the shells would no longer fit, they had changed too much and now they simple sat loose and free while I held the tiny fractions of minds in my hands and pondered what to do. 
Somewhere I was talking, eating and playing the part of their beloved mascot, but here I was holding onto three little lights and running them between my fingers. So fragile and soft, so easy to squeeze and pop, one, two, three. Like I said, my fault, but I suppose necessary and it certainly made the transition into the team much easier. 

It’s not mind control, I like to think of it as making a suggestion and if they are willing then they’ll do what you want. If you force them to do something then sure they’ll do it, but if you lose concentration then they’ll stop and go back to what they were doing. The secret has to be making them do what they want to do and making sure that’s also what you need. 

The Triplet Tragedy brought us all closer together and on the night we finally let their bodies go, I stood up in front of the others and held my glass high. 

“I sit with mighty titans of heroism and I stand to honour the names of three who have given the ultimate sacrifice, although we still do not know why their minds unravelled. You all know that I had no chance to become what you are and for that I thank my father, he made a tough call many years ago and let me live a normal life.”

“But my life is far from normal simply because of whom I am and I think my uncle for allowing me to share in *this* life with my real family.”  I tipped my glass to each of them in turn. “If you will have me then I will happily sit on my seat at your table and maybe in some small way, I too will have the chance to influence the world. I may never do what these three accomplished in their lives, but I can do what I can with what I have been given.” 

I didn’t even need to push much to enhance the emotion of the moment, the Justice Crew was ready to accept me and so in that moment my status was formalised and I became the very thing that had driven me to this point and which I now willingly desired, I would be their official mascot. 

Life was surprisingly normal for a time and I practiced my craft, slowly working o each of their minds, being careful to never push of pull too hard. It was The Underwarrior I worked on most often through, feeling through his mind looking for an answer to my last remaining question. 

Here at the centre of the team I had access to everything I would ever need to accomplish the goal I had set myself, to find the one thing that I truly needed to answer my questions. My father. 

***** 

Okay, next part will be posted in a couple of hours!It took a moment for my eyes to adjust and when they had I leaned forward in my seat to try to see more clearly. Unconsciously I muttered to myself.  “What in the ever-loving fuck is that?”  

I had forgotten that I was not alone. “Vhat do you mean?” The driver had a thick German accent and with the confused tone to his voice it was amusingly camp? “No seriously, zat vas a really veird thing to say, I mean vhy vould you not know.”  I gently pulled out the last few minutes of his short term memory and then returned to the window to look around.  

I nodded forward. “Everything just as expected.” He looked askance at me, but only nodded this time. 

The building had seemed large on the outside, but inside it was absolutely gargantuan, as the sheer smooth walls stretched up to a ceiling so far overhead that the light from the room barely illuminated it. All along one wall were vast coils that writhed with electricity, drawing attention, but the central structure dominated the room. 

It was a portal, but on a scale and design that was ridiculous. The top was perhaps a hundred meters above the ground and it came down to the ground in a gentle curve until it reached the floor at two points perhaps three hundred meters apart, looking for all the world as if it continued into a perfect circle underground. For all I knew it did reach underground, but I pushed that thought into the back of my mind. 

The circumference of the portal was a strange twisted interlocking black metal with no discernable pattern or symmetry. It looped up and around like thin dark branches which had been knitted into a frame for the iridescent sheen of the portal opening. The portal itself was almost painful to look at, the colours twisted and shimmered into patterns and floated back and forth across, reaching the edge and fracturing slightly as they touched the black branches and then reforming as they drifted away. 

The truck moved forward another few meters and we were now fully into the room and a crawling sensation began to flux back and forth across my skin. It pulsated and pulled at me, seeping into my pores and making my mouth taste metallic and it was only as electricity arced across from the wall to the portal that I finally realised that it was the bitter taste of electricity.  

I lifted my hand and spread my finger and tiny sparks cracked between my nails. As we moved closer again the feeling became stronger, almost oppressive and I wondered how it was possible for those further forward to stand the intense pressure that seemed all around me. Overhead, occasional arcs of electricity cracked from the walls to the portal, lighting up the room. 

I looked to the driver and for the first time he smiled at me as we shared the discomfort. “Dis is always my least favourite part, da?” 

I wondered how many ties he had been here and so reached into his mind and rummaged through his memories. They were oddly indistinct, as if they had been somehow smudged and so the general impression was still there, but it was hard to be sure of details. I looked more closely and his whole mind had been treated the same, even going back to his childhood, it was all there, but the detail was missing. 

I sorted through his brain, trying to ignore the rising pressure from outside and looking for some reason for why his mind had been treated like this, for it *had* to be artificial in its nature, surely? Nothing had been untouched... except one area, procedural memory. There, along with the basic abilities, like how to wipe his arse (he was a stander I noticed) I found weapons training, hand to hand combat and other useful abilities like map reading and cryptography. 

I reached out to the other men in the trucks ahead and behind me and searched their minds. It was the same – no clear memories, everything left fuzzy, just enough to give an impression so they would recall a past, but have no clear memory to draw upon. More worrying was that in each man, the procedural memories were identical,  down to the last detail. 

Weapons, combat, all the same and now, looking across several minds it was clear why. Their minds were all individuals, but the procedural memory had been forced into their minds somehow and whatever had been there before was gone. Somehow they were functional clones, or looking at it another way, they a perfectly programmed army.   

We pulled forward a little further and of the first time I could catch a glimpse of what was ahead of us. I had tried reaching out with my mind, but the portal seemed to interfere and it was too chaotic ahead and impossible to read. Now I could see the bottom of the portal arch, which had been hidden to me by the trucks ahead. As they came to the front of the queue they curved in towards the arch, before stopping just a little way past the centre point. 

As we inched onwards, I watched a truck pull forward out of line and come to a halt. Immediately, the passenger jumped from the truck and moved to the rear where he was joined by two more guards who had been waiting. They pulled the doors open and one of the guards gestured with his rubber baton to the inside and a man stepped down, followed a few moments later by a woman and then finally two male teenagers. They all wore handcuffs and looked down at the ground, disinterestedly. 

The guards had been carrying what looked like silver tiaras and I watched as they held the bands above the heads of both the prisoners and the guard who had come from the truck, twisting slightly until a light came on as they moved to each person. The band gently glowed red as it floated over the head and then suddenly seemed to attach to their skull with a snap, as if drawn by powerful magnets. As it fastened to the head it turned a soft blue and then the colour faded. 

I had been straining forward with my mind, trying to sense anything at all and suddenly, as the bands snapped into place, there was a burst of thoughts and feeling that blinded me for a moment. It was them; all four of the prisoners suddenly cutting through the turbulence, as if their minds had switched on. 

It took a moment to adjust to the hubbub and in that time they were moving, walking forward while flanked on either side. It was hard to pick out individual thoughts, I felt relief, pain, confusion, fear and then… they were gone. All three guards had walked them to the gate, but it was only the one with the band that walked them through, their minds vanishing as their bodies did. There was a roar as the truck started its engine and pulled away and then the trucks were inching forward again as a new one took its place. 

We were only three back and I watched the next guard as he got out of the truck – his jacket had no sign of rank and it slowly dawned on me that a Colonel might be a strange sight to be accompanying the prisoners. I checked, the driver wore the identical uniform to the guard and a moment later he was struggling out of his uniform as I did the same. 

I hoped sincerely that our actions would go unnoticed, as there was a moment where we both reached our underwear and began swapping clothes, that would have been hard to explain, but thankfully we were left alone. Again his boots didn’t fit and so I was forced to keep my Converse, but his trousers were too long and so they hung down and covered them a little. 

By the time I looked up again, two trucks had already deposited their people and then the third pulled away and the driver eased ours forward, until we were level with the portal. A cold knot of anxiety had grown in my stomach, but it was too late to change my mind now and so I jumped from the truck and made my way around to the back doors. 

The two guards approached and one yanked open the doors on the back. Inside were two benches, bolted to the sides of the truck and on them were huddled four women. It nagged at me, their faces were so familiar, but I couldn’t picture where from. I reached into the first ones mind and found a cold calm series of thoughts about how the bench was uncomfortable, but despite the mundane thought, it gave me the clue I needed. 

Her thoughts were in Spanish, or would have been if they were in a language and that was how I knew them. They were Las Sermanas del Caos, The Sisters of Chaos and I had seen them on TV attacking Mexico City. It confirmed that this was where they were bringing the villains they had rounded up and I realised that they must be coming from all over the world. I had always known that there were a lot of villains, but this many surprised me, but then the world was a big place and they *were* everywhere. 

The guard now stepped forward and held a band above my head and released it. I waited for it to snap to my head, but instead, after a moment it fell, hitting my head and landing on the floor. The guard looked back in confusion and I awkwardly reached down and picked up the band. 

He walked back and looked my over. “Fuck, you look like shit, what could they not get a uniform that fit?” I grinned in what I hoped was a sheepish yet charming manner. “You’re supposed to let us know if this is your first trip so we can fit the connectors.” 

He fished into his pocket and pulled out a small box, which he opened to show two small metal blobs. “Stay still.” He muttered and reached forward to place one on each temple. “They’ll fit you with a proper system as soon as they can, but these’ll keep you safe until then.” I wondered what a proper system entailed. 

He stepped back and admired his handiwork, before taking the ring and placing it above my head again. While he had worked, the other guard had distributed a band to each of the women and now they snapped into place on their heads. As before, suddenly I could hear their thoughts and they were full of confusion and fear. I tried to read them quickly, looking for any information, but almost immediately I felt the band clamp to my head and then… silence. 

I was alone. Not simply blocked from the women, but suddenly there was nothing, not even the steady throb of the portal which interfered with any other reading on the psychic gestalt. It was all just… gone. 

I reached up and touched the band, feeling its grip on my head and a slight pain where it pressed the metal points into my skull. I wiggled at it slightly, but it didn’t move, it was fixed in place. 

The guard was still close and he reached over and slapped my hand away from my head. “Don’t fucking fiddle with it dickhead, that’s the only thing keeping your brain intact on the other side.” He turned away and rolled his eyes at the other guard. 

It was disconcerting, the silence seemed to echo more loudly than the thoughts of others ever had and even the lack of a general background hum of thinking was odd to deal with. There was no time to consider it though, as the guards set off with the women following close behind. I brought up the rear and tried again and again to reach out with my mind, but it was impossible. 

We reached the portal; up close the patterns seemed to repeat in a fractal, small patterns mirroring large and each step in between. The women stepped through without hesitation and then I was at there and paused, sudden fear gripping me. 

Behind I heard the guard step up to me, his voice a low irritated growl. “Fuckin’ newbies.” A hand pressed into my lower back and before I could react he shoved me forward and I entered the portal.I slowly eased the car into the side of the road brought it to a gear-crunching stop. Stepping out I stretched and yawned, letting my muscles recover a little. It had been a long drive and I was unused to the low seats and powerful acceleration of the car. Finding it had been complete luck that such a nice car had been driving along as I had been looking for a ‘lift’ but it had certainly made the journey quicker.  

I tapped on the roof of the car and the driver unfolded himself from the passenger side and began to walk around to the driver’s door. Nothing of this journey would be remembered, from the moment I had taken control of his mind and pulled the car to a gentle stop, to the moment I released him; it would seem as if he had never stopped driving himself.  He got into the car and then sat, patiently waiting instruction.  
 
His car was beautiful, a Mercedes SLR, sleek grey with wing doors, leather seats and an acceleration that was *quite* unexpected. It was this last feature that had led to the unfortunate scratch down the driver’s side and I rubbed at it slightly, as if I somehow expected a wipe from my sleeve would remove the deeply scratched metal. 
 
I wondered what he would think when he saw the damage? Although I hadn’t engaged him in conversation, or even found out his name, he seemed the kind of arsehole who would try to find someone to blame and I felt sorry for whoever had to deal with his anger.  Still, I had more important things to do than worry about his reaction. 

Suddenly I had a pang to know his name and I leaned in and pulled out his wallet from his pocket and flipped it open. He was called Chad - it figured. A Chad would always find a way to blame someone else for something and funnily enough that thought gave me an idea. Right now Chad would be justified in trying to blame someone else for his car’s misfortune as it wasn’t as if he would recall having an accident, but what if he did? 

My newfound ability to look inside my own mind had emboldened me and I decided to have a little experiment with his mind, after all, it didn’t matter if I messed up a little. I was interested to see if I could push the boundaries of what I could do a little further. 

He was still sitting in the driver’s seat, eyes fixed ahead and so I leaned against the side of the car and closed my eyes. I pulled myself inwards, into my own mind and felt the strange passage as I moved into my head and watched my own thoughts flicker back and forth. They were tinged yellow with excitement and hugged into my mind with concentration – as before the sensation of watching my own thoughts was unnerving and made me think about thinking, which itself was a thought. 

I forced myself to calm down to clear my mind and slowly the flow of thoughts changed to a manageable trickle. Now I could see it all much more clearly and it was possible to take my time and look around to locate where everything was in my head. I knew what I was looking for and soon I felt the familiar shape of my own long term memory. 

It was harder to navigate my way through my own memories than it had been with someone else’s. Certain favourites immediately vied for attention and I needed to push them back gently, so that I could find what I was looking for.  Thankfully it was near the front, having only been encoded earlier in the day and so it was easy to locate the memory without disturbing too many others.

I pulled the memory forward, pulling it from its place in the long term storage lattice, breaking from the wrapping that held it in place and holding it at the front of my mind. I let it play and could *see* myself in the drivers seat, *feel* the steering wheel as it turned beneath my fingers and hear the metallic scrape, as the car scratched along the side of the wall I had misjudged. 

It was remarkably crisp and clear and I ran it back and froth for a few moments, intrigued to see that I could look all around and observe even what I had not been consciously aware of before.  Apparently my senses picked up everything available to them, even if I was not aware of it and it allowed me an interesting ‘oversight’ of the memory, as if watching from the third person. 

Happy with the way the memory seemed to be playing, I wondered how I would be able to pull it free from my own mind. Working carefully, I was pleased to find that it was as simple as pulling loose a memory from any other mind and simply required teasing it out and pulling it away. I held it tightly in my mind’s hand and then gently felt around until I found the tendril that still linked it back to my own head. It felt wrong to wrench it loose and so I carefully pinched it off and the tendril fell back and wrapped into the warm glow of my mind. 

I wasn’t quite sure what I had expected, either from the experience, or from my memory. It sat in my hand, perhaps a little sadly and emitted a soft radiant light. Was it a little heavier than others I had held, or maybe did it glow a little more? It was hard to tell - probably not.  

I examined the memory of my day and where I had extracted the memory, probing at it like a tongue to a newly missing tooth hole. It was simply gone, but there was no trauma and I retained the memory of what the memory was *about*. How strange that I could lift away a memory entirely, but then, I rationed, so much of each day was lost anyway, the mind was used to adapting to missing information. 

I pulled back out of my mind, making sure to carefully bring the memory with me. It still seemed far from sure that I wasn’t wasting my time, but the possibilities this brought, well, it was worth the effort. 
 
I carefully found Chad’s mind and pushed my way inside. Earlier when I had stopped his car I had also stopped his mind from processing anything new. His thoughts were still stopping at one side of his mind and overwriting each moment, as experience from his senses was ignored, overflowed and disappeared.  I took my memory and gently placed it into his head, letting it settle onto short term memory and pressing it down. 

It looked… incomplete, somehow one dimensional. I held it in place and moved myself thought to his long term memory to see what was different to his other memories. Each memory sat in order, links splitting off to join them together. That wasn’t all though, there was a web, of sorts, and the connecting fabric was made from emotion, binding it all together.

It made sense, each memory was associated with not just the actions and thoughts that had occurred but the emotion which determined whether or not it would be retained for a long or short time. Moments of great emotional importance were wrapped thick with emotion, but lesser memories were held only lightly, with a wispy strip of emotion and from time to time broke free. 
 
I wanted this to be just right and so I searched through his memories and found what I was looking for in his childhood. At eight years old he had wet his trousers in school and the embarrassment still burned fiercely. I pulled free a little of the emotional wrapping, just enough to fit around my own memory and as I wrapped it, it immediately seemed more normal. Now I was able to push it into his long term memory, where I watched it start to knit itself into the pattern. 

All it needed was a test and so I took three steps back and eased my grip on his mind, letting the thoughts flow again. I watched his head dip forward and then jerk back as he came back into control. He looked around in confusion, trying to work out where he was and before he could properly react I took the steps forward, as if walking up to the car from afar and paused at his open window.
 
I gave a low whistle. “Nice car mate.”
 
He looked up at me, clearly still confused, but at least able to find a response. “Uh, yeah, thanks.“
 
I took a step back and looked along the car. “Shame about the scratch.”
 
At first there was a flair of anger but almost immediately that was held back, as his mind found the memory and clunkily brought it up to his consciousness. It didn’t *quite* fit perfectly, but it squeezed to fit into the space available.  His cheeks flushed a gentle pink and his hands squeezed the steering wheel, just as mine had in the memory – it had held and he had accepted it as his own. 

Now he was back to looking angry. “None of your damn business” His voice was a low sulky mutter and before I could add another word, he turned the key and the engine purred to life. He didn’t look at me again, but put his foot down and in a moment he was gone. Interesting, that had gone better than I had hoped and the memory had not only implanted, but it had been accepted and retrieved at an appropriate moment.

I could feel that I was growing stronger and with each time I stretched myself, I became a little more powerful. I was more able to reach out to others with my mind, able to reach further and do more with that reach. My control over other minds, and my own, was allowing me to try things that I had never imagined could be possible. 

I felt my mind flex and decided to let it expand, widening out with no measure or control. I could feel it flow, moving over country and field, picking up those driving along the roads and then more and more people as it reached first villages and then towns. I closed my eyes and could see each person’s mind clearly. As I reached more and more people I could sense their mood and emotion as a general current and I tapped it and then directed it, letting a few thousand people feel sorrow and joy at my whim. How far could this power go? 

A part of me wanted to keep going, to expand and see how far and how many I could feel and then control. I could play them as puppets, war them against each other, or just have them drop dead. It was hard not to smile at that kind of an opportunity. I shook myself free and returned to the matter in hand; I had come here for a reason. 

The road down to Old Sea Cove meandered a little until it came to a point where I could sense the entrance in front of me. Without the correct controls to enable passage it was quite impossible to proceed. Thankfully they hid a backup portal opener in a fake rock nearby and after a few minutes searching, I found the rock and made my way into the Justice Crew’s bubble universe. 

It seemed like it had been much more than a couple of days since I had last been here, but nothing here had changed in any way. At the main door I pressed my thumb into the sensor pad and it swung open with a hiss. The computer’s voice was soft and silky until it blared my name. “Welcome home ***MASCOT STEVE***.” I hated that was my official title. 

I moved up to the habitation area, expecting to see at least one of the crew. Unless they had been called to a disaster en masse, someone was always assigned to do monitor duty and could most often be found asleep on the couch, but today, no one. 

I checked the log, both computer and the handwritten notes that they had started leaving for the Sergeant, to help him remember things, but there was no sign of an emergency. The thought of him brought a smile back to me and I wondered how he was doing now. It has only been a few days ago that I had spent a bored evening trying to pick holes in his memory for fun, I wondered what that had done to him. 

I hatred asking directly, but it seemed I had no choice. “ Computer, is anyone else in the Cavern?”

There was a pause as the computer analysed data from sensors. “Affirmative, The Underwarrior is located in the ***MEETING ROOM***.” 

I made my way upstairs and pushed through the grand gilded doors into the meeting room. At the far end of the table the Underwarrior sat at his chair and looked over the scattered papers that he had strewn over the long meeting table, his brow furrowed in concentration. 

The door shut behind me with a thump and at last he looked up and fixed me with his grey steely eyes. I took a step forward and raised my hand in greeting. His eyes stayed on me, level and stern.  

“Hello Steve. Your mother called.”  

*****

Happy Friday everyone! Sorry that I haven’t yet had a chance to reply to everyone’s comments posted on previous stories, but I will get round to them all over the weekend – busy week! 

I really appreciate the help and advice and I am blown away that each part is still getting over a hundred upvotes. You’re all very awesome people. 

Tonight’s Friday whisky, that I will be drinking, is a Dalwhinney scotch I bought this week and I intend to have a very good sampling session until I fall asleep. 

Have a good weekend and I’ll be back on Monday with another part, although I may post some short stories over the weekend at some point.  

*****

If you want the Google doc with all the parts then you can find thatThe square in front of the Central Processing building had grown busier in the twenty or so minutes that I had been inside and I took a moment to scan across the open space and take it in. More of the prisoners, as I had begun to think of them, had entered the square and were waiting down at the far end. 

Following the same route we had taken, I could see a group of four walk up the main road and head across to the Central Processing building, their walk was the same stiff legged gait that the women I had followed had used. I thought back to the line of trucks that had been offloading back on earth, if they had all moved at the same speed then there would be groups like this arriving for the next few hours I guessed. 

The four approaching were accompanied by a guard and so before they came too close I walked briskly from the door and ducked into a nearby small alley. It twisted around behind a building and I was able to move out of view and put my back against the wall and rest for just a moment.  

From the moment the band, or halo as the guard inside had called it, had disconnected, my mind had been stretching, expanding out to the limits of its reach as it unfurled from its captivity. The psychic gestalt was different here, more like a deep sea with strong currents flowing in ways I did not understand. I pulled my mind back to enable me to focus and try to understand what it meant. 

Looking around the corner, I could see back into the square and more prisoners drifted in slowly from the surrounding roads, all dressed in the loose grey clothing. At first I assumed it was only the prisoners who were gathering, but then I noticed four guards exit a building make their way into the square.  

I reached out again, trying to feel for the guards or the prisoners, seeing if there had been any change in how I could read them. Again the flow of this place pulled and plucked at my mind, somehow feeling sharper and more focussed. As well as pulling at me, it seemed to press in on me, as if it was seeking entry to my mind, or perhaps just to crush me under its weight. It was strange at first, but as I adjusted I was able to hold it back and then carefully let it flow past me, as if my mind was a stone in the river. 

After the confines of the halo, I welcomed the challenge and held my mind across this new force, feeling it pull and pushing back to see what would happen. Still, it made me consider what it might do to a normal mind, as the force that it pulled with was considerable and as it felt me push back, it seemed to redouble its efforts. A mind unable to protect itself would be vulnerable, perhaps even to the degree that this psychic *pull* could do what I had done to the Triplets and separate their mind and body. It certainly seemed that it would not be a pleasant experience and perhaps had been what the guards had been describing when the halo was removed.  

I put such thoughts to the side for a moment, and reached out to feel for the people I could see in the square. At first there was nothing, just the force and pull of the psychic field, but after a moment, as I concentrated, I began to see… something. They were not objects and certainly not the soft glowing minds that I had come to know, they were still invisible to me. Still, there was *something* and I followed where the people were walking with my eyes, and tried to match that up with what I was seeing in my mind. By tracking them closely, it was just possible to see eddies and whirls as they pushed through the flow, their halo protecting their mind, but not immune to having some effect.  

When they stood still they were effectively invisible, but once I knew what to look for I could follow the prisoners as they walked. I could see a rippling froth, which followed in their wake, making psychic vortex trails which spread out like waves until they were too faint to perceive. It still wasn’t good enough though and so I redoubled my efforts to try to see *beyond* the froth and perceive the mind that was protected behind. 

I poured my concentration into following one man and tracing the trail back to the absence of a mind at the apex of the trails. Every fibre of my being strained to see him and at last, faintly, a dark shape seemed to emerge from the gloom for just a moment before it was gone again. 

It was too much to hold and I let my mind spring back gratefully and again leaned back against the wall. I closed my eyes for a moment and the cold menthol of the air was almost soothing, but my moment of recovery was interrupted by the sounds of footsteps in the square.  

From a nearby building, five of the guards had emerged with a white box a little more than a meter square that they wheeled across the ground on a trolley until they reached the centre of the square. They lifted the box and set it next to a glass cube and then waited for a moment, checking their watches every few seconds. 

When they were satisfied, the guard closest took out his plastic baton and reached out to touch it to the top of the glass. For the first time I noticed a small set of controls on the handle of the baton, which he manipulated until the box began to glow. It was a soft light at first, but the brightness quickly increased, until it was almost too bright to look at directly. When it had reached its crescendo a beam fired into the air and suddenly gave height to the sky which had seemed to hang so low above me.

Somewhere in the distance, off to the left of where I stood, another beam caught my eye as it pushed up past the rooftops and into the sky and then behind me a third and a fourth. Soon the sky was pierced with the beams and at a glance I quickly counted twenty that I could see. Each seemed to be spaced out so that none was too close to another and each reached up into the sky with no end that could be seen. 

I looked back to the square to find that the prisoners had moved in closer to the guards and stood at a respectful distance in a semi circle in front of them. The guards had opened the top of the box up to form a small counter and now one stepped forward and gestured towards the crowd. 

I looked around the square and noticed that there were more guards here now, spaced out, watching the growing crowd. There were perhaps fifteen, but none were near the alley I had gone into and so I casually moved back to the entrance and when I was sure no one was watching I drifted into the square a little way, to get a better view. 

The first of the prisoners had stepped forward and stopped a few feet from the box. He held out his hands to show they were empty and another of the guards stepped forward and lifted his plastic batons to the halo on the prisoner’s head.  

His halo blinked red twice and the guard gestured for him to step forward. He growled in irritated impatience. “C’mon, quickly now.” 

The guard behind the box had reached in and pulled out a cardboard container, which looked similar to the emergency biscuits. This was a little smaller though and seemed to be divided into two sections. He handed it to the prisoner, who waited until it was held out to him, before he carefully took it and then stepped backwards. 

He waited again as the first guard lifted his baton and the halo blinked red twice and then green twice, as the guard twisted the controls at the handle of his baton. He waved away the prisoner and the man stepped back carefully and disappeared into the crowd. 

I looked about the square and tried to calculate how many prisoners were here, maybe a few hundred so far, but more were appearing every moment and it was hard to judge as they held back, waiting their turn quietly. If each of the beams of light attracted as many prisoners, then there were *thousands* of people across this place. 

I watched and a few dozen more prisoners stepped up and were quickly processed, each receiving the same small ration box, having their halo updated and then moving away. It was interesting to help understand the process by which they were administering the prison, but with so many guards here, this seemed like a good chance to explore in relative safety. 

I stepped back towards the alley again and kept watching the food distribution casually while easing myself away. Until now the people stepping up had been adults, but the boy who stepped forward next could not have been more than sixteen. He had pushed his way forward and watched as the people in front had been served with a hungry look in his eye, before stepping forward and fidgeting while his halo was scanned. As soon as it flashed red he didn’t wait to be gestured forward, but stepped towards the box and held out his hand. 

I could see the look of annoyance on the face of the guard behind the box, but he still reached in and pulled out a ration pack. Before he handed it to the boy he met the boy’s eyes and then carefully snapped it in half and held out only one of the halves, leaving the other on the counter. 

It was a deliberate provocation, but the boy was young and I didn’t need to read his mind to see his desperation. He took the half that was offered to him and then reached out and snatched at the half that had been left sitting in front of him. 

The boy had not seen the other guards who had circled up to behind the boy and as he lunged forward, his hand was caught by a guard who was waiting for him to act. The boy looked up in surprise, as a baton came down and smashed him across his face. He fell to his knees, but didn’t cry out, he simply took the blow and fell, before looking up with a cold fury as blood ran from his nose. The crowd shuffled, disturbed, but the other guards stepped forward and they stayed back. 

The boy wasn’t done and tried to push himself to his feet, but his balance was off and he stumbled. The guard grabbed a fistful of his shirt and dragged him, up until he was standing unsteadily. The boy’s left eye was closed and already swelling, while the other was narrow and filled with hatred. The guard leaned in close and muttered something and then reared back and brought his club around in a long low sweep. 

I had no part in this, no allegiance to either side in this fight, but watching the guard smash the boy to the ground for the sin of hunger had sprung a deep well of anger in me. I had only seen the control of the halos at first, but now I could see the prison hidden behind this façade of a town. While there were no walls, it was every bit as degrading and brutal as the harshest supermax on earth. 

The boy was straining away from the guard, but he did not have the leverage to pull away from the larger man’s grip; his feet skidded on the loose stone below. He would be held in place until the baton connected and this time the guard had put his full weight behind the blow; it would surely kill or incapacitate the boy.

I had watched so intently that I had not realised my mind had reached out to *feel* the scene and now it was as if I watched in slow motion as it unfolded. I could feel the baton move through the air and the boy’s glare as he defiantly waited for the blow to land. I could feel more though, I could feel the cloth that his clothes were made from and the shoddy stitching that held them together. It was so easy to let the cotton pull apart and rip along the line that the guard held and let the boy fall backwards and away from him.  

I added a little speed to the boy’s fall and he landed heavily, the baton whispering past his face as he fell. He rolled backwards and in a moment was on his feet and had run into the crowd, before the guard had managed to retain his balance. The prisoners parted to allow the boy through, but now moved back in to silently block his escape and for a moment it looked as if the guard would wade through the crowd after him. After glowering for a moment, he suddenly let out a laugh and tucked his baton away, a fresh splash of blood still painted down the shaft. 

He turned to the guard behind the box. “Little fuck’s shirt gave way.” He held up a sliver of cotton to show the other guard and then tossed it on the ground and laughed, the other guards joined in heartily.   

He turned back to the crowd and crooked a finger at the nearest man, who walked forward carefully. The guard pulled free his baton again and held it by the man’s head. I could see the prisoner swallow as his eyes darted to the crimson mark, but the guard only activated his halo and gestured for him to collect his food. 

I watched the crowd and saw angry eyes. The men and women there had tasted power, they had been the bully, the villain, the conqueror and now they were reduced to prisoners, their powers stripped away and forced to queue for the basics in life. There was anger seething below the surface, but there would be no more grabbing for food. 

I stepped back and into the alleyway and then turned and moved through it quickly, losing myself in the twists and turns. I was roughly heading for the nearest beam, to see if the scene was similar there, but the sound of footsteps behind me made me pause. I turned and a young girl stood behind me, head cocked to one side curiously. 

“You’re not like them are you?” She put her hands on her hips defiantly. 

She was small enough to have been nine or ten and her question left me a little off balance; what could she possibly know and what would she do? I decided to be evasive. “Why do you say that?” 

She pointed to my converse that stuck out from my trousers. “Your shoes don’t match the others.” 

I smiled, a little relieved. “No, I just haven’t been given a proper pair of…” 

She ignored me. “Plus, he says your band doesn’t work and you still have your powers.” 

I trailed off, my mouth hanging open as I tried to think of a response. “I… what? Who said that?” 

She sighed. “Come on, he said you’d want to meet him.” 

I watched her walk back down the alley and then pause at a door, pull it open and wait for me. I considered my options, but what could she, or any of them do to me? I walked up the alley and she entered the building, letting the door swing back so that I had to quickly grab it before it closed. I paused by the door and held it until I made up my mind and then followed her into the building.Inside the control room the Underwarrior and Claire were working with the controls more confidently. I waited until they reached a natural pause in their conversation. “So can we get home, did you work out what all this does?” 

The Underwarrior looked frustrated. “Perhaps. It was mostly a challenge finding out exactly how each system functioned and we think we have a grip on most of it now. We think that to make a connection using the portal you need three things; to be able to guide it to the right destination, to have enough power to establish a connection with the other side and then the ability to keep the portal stable and open for long enough for it to be useful.”

Claire sighed. “Right now we only have one of those three. The computers here are capable of stabilising a portal, but not finding or powering a new one. There must be some kind of power generation in this dimension to power all this equipment, so the first step should be to locate that and see if we can put it to use powering the portal.” She shrugged. “How we find the right portal to connect to, I have no idea” 

I nodded. “Well, at least it sounds like there might be a vague chance of getting out of here alive.” 

She exchanged a look with the Underwarrior. “There is *one* other thing that we discovered. We found out more about this dimension and how it was created. All of this, the whole dimension isn’t a distinct place of its own. It’s more like a pocket of subspace that exists as almost an *extension* of the portal. We don’t think they found this place, we think they *created* it.” 

I looked around. “So does that help us get out of here?” 

She hesitated. “Well, it gives us another option, but we’re not sure how to use it or even if it would work if we did. It’s *possible* that if we collapsed this dimension that we’d bring this dimension and our own world back into sync and force them to recombine.” 

I grinned. “So why don’t we do that? If we collapse this dimension then we get thrown back into our own one then we don’t even need to worry about the portal, right?” 

“Or we die. Horribly.” The Underwarrior looked up from the console he had been working on. “There’s no guarantee that it would push us back to the dimension we want to go to. It would most likely crush us into nothing as the dimension collapsed or, if it did work, then it could throw us into a random dimension that could be far worse than here.”  

“And that’s only if we can work out how to collapse the dimension in the first place.” Claire sighed. “We might have a better chance if the portal was open and we could try to get some sort of feedback going, but without it open the point is moot.  We still have no way to navigate the portal and so we’re reliant on one being established to us. That means we could be waiting a long time before we can even try.”  

“Well, that might not be entirely true.” Their faces creased into curiosity. “Our friend here…”  I gestured to the Sergeant who having his nose enthusiastically explored by Danny, using one of his own fingers. “…wasn’t being entirely honest, the portal isn’t entirely disconnected.”

Claire shook her head. “I don’t understand.” 

“It’s… hard to explain. Come on, let me show you.” Without thinking I held out my hand and she took it. I was immediately aware of every part of my hand and my fingers tingled with excitement. She looked at me and smiled, but before I could react she had pulled me forward towards the door.  

The next few minutes were a little blurry as we walked out to the portal and it was only when we reached it and she let go of my hand that I managed to pull myself together. I was about to start climbing when it occurred to me that as the portal was in an arc, it should be possible to see the effect from any angle. 

I pressed my head against the metal and moved back and forth until at last I found the exact point where I could look up the loop and see the portal effect through the interweaved branches. I stood again to find Claire and the Underwarrior regarding me with puzzlement. “Just trust me.” 

The Underwarrior went first and it took a few minutes to get his head in position, but when it was he let out a low whistle of approval as he saw the edges of the portal through the lattice. “The portal is transdimensional, this close I can feel the pull of each dimension. You were right Steve, the portal isn’t as disconnected as we thought.” 

He moved back and Claire moved in and crouched down beside the portal. I took her head and pressed it into the metal and tried to move it into position. It took longer than it had with the Underwarrior as each time I touched her I felt nervous. At last she saw what I was trying to show her. 

Once she could see the portal connections she relaxed and moved slightly from side to side to see the different aspects of the portal. She was watching it slide between dimensions and seemed to be almost able to feel it transmit through the metal. She murmured softly to herself. “It’s beautiful” 

The Underwarrior had moved round and was looking up at another angle. “It’s possible that if multiple dimensions are connected then the portal simply needs a push to jump to *this* one. Maybe we can find a way to overload the systems here and try to force it.” 

Claire had stayed pressed against the portal and now reached her hand up and placed it on one of the thicker black branches.  “I’m not sure that we need to, I can *feel* the portal connections, they are spread out across…” Her eyes seemed to flicker back and forth. “…so many connections. I just… I can’t sort through them all, there’s too many to be able to see them all.” 

Standing this close I could feel her mind as it began to flicker. She had tapped into the portal somehow using her power and now the network was feeding into her, seeming to see her as another node. Her mind was being pulled in different directions as it tried to feed information to her too quickly.  

The neat order of her brain was beginning to break down as more information was forced into her and I could feel a part of her began to panic and lose control. I had no choice, I had to do something and unless I did it now, she seemed in danger of being harmed.  

With the greatest of care, I pushed myself inbetween the flow of information from the portal and her mind and let it flow into and through me instead, filtering it for her. At once I felt the tangle of dozens, hundreds, maybe thousands of portal connections as they all tried to push into me and force information at me. There was nothing sinister, it was simply the force of the connections that was dangerous. Thankfully my mind was able to hold back this flow and regulate it to a manageable level. 

With the flow under control I tried to make sense of what I was seeing, but the information was like a programming language, full of data but no sense. I was stuck, without any way to understand it I couldn’t control it, but just as I began to consider pulling us both free I felt a presence pulling itself alongside me. 

Claire’s mind shone brightly as it came to my side; she had brought herself under control as I filtered the information and now was able to begin trying to make sense of it all. For a moment I felt a twinge of worry that I had intruded her mind, but I felt her move closer our minds directly touched. There was only gratitude from her and she pushed in closer, entwining herself around me so that I could continue to control the flow of information and she could begin to sort it into understandable chunks. 

She worked quickly, her mind flickering back and forth as it pulled meaning from the data and it weaved a complex pattern. At first it meant nothing, but as more pieces were completed a form began to emerge. It was a vast net of connecting sections with glowing points where each portal connected to the network. 

***So many***, I wondered at the display she was revealing. ***Are they all man made creations like this one?*** 

It had been my own thought, but the answer came from Claire. ***No, look, we are here.*** She pointed to a small portion near the side of the weave and as she did so three points of light stood out. ***One was our home and the other two were created. The rest of this is something else.*** 

I felt her pull back and followed her, pulling us both away from the network and in a moment we were disconnected. My eyes opened slowly and I found I had moved forward and pressed my hands over hers as she touched the portal. I removed them and she slowly lifted her hands from the black metal.  

“What the hell happened to you two?” I looked up to see the Underwarrior standing over us. 

I coughed. “Uh, we found a way into the portal network.” 

Claire interrupted. “I can find the right portal to connect to get us back.” 

Underwarrior grinned. “Well, that’s two out of three things we need, now we just need to find a way to power the damn thing and we can fire it up. Otherwise we’re back to trying to collapse the dimensions and seeing where we end up” 

I thought of all the points I had seen on the network of portals. “Maybe we call that plan B.” I let my mind stretch out across the small dimension. “There’s a generator that’s powering the guard’s barracks, how much power is needed?” 

He frowned. “Probably more than it can normally generate, maybe we can find some way to boost it.” 

The generator came floating through the air towards the portal. Cables still hung from it where I had yanked it free of its housing. “Maybe I can help with that.”I pushed deeper into Underwarrior’s mind, seeking out the burned out areas and trying to pull together a pattern of what had been removed and when. Some scars looked recent but others seemed older, healed over, as if done years before. 

What I needed wasn’t here, the only pattern seemed to be that anything I was interested in had been taken, it had been *stolen* from me. I tried to stay calm, but it was frustrating, infuriating and unfair. He must have had knowledge I wanted and certainly *someone* knew. Perhaps I could just wring the information from his mind like sponge and let it dribble down onto the floor where I could find it more easily?

I found myself gripping his mind in my hands and it squirmed as I began to squeeze it, feeling the gentle glow warm as it compressed. It would be so easy to destroy, or just rip free with a glorious tear. I could *consume it* and perhaps when it was within me I would have its secrets, they could not hide from me then… but…no, I needed him, for now. The moment passed and I was able to regain control and loosen my grip.    

I pulled my mind free of his and looked down at him, sprawled on the floor. His great cloak had crumpled beneath him and he held his broken left leg awkwardly, trying to keep it still. I walked forward and when I reached him I sat down, cross legged, in front of him. I waited until he finally met my eyes so that he could feel with certainty that he had lost all control.  

I reached out and gently placed my hand on his injured leg and he watched me with a certain feral caution.  In that moment I think he knew what I was going to do and he closed his eyes and waited. I didn’t use my mind, I simply pushed down with my hand until he gasped and then threw his head back and screamed in agony. His hands windmilled forward, trying to bat me away, but I maintained the pressure for a moment longer, before finally releasing. 

He was breathing quickly and I wondered if I had gone too far. I reached into his mind and found the nerve signals that were surging up his spinal column and splashing into his brain with bright red spikes. It was pretty, but a little worrying as I had plans for him that did not involve him dying from shock.  

I focused on his thalamus, where the pain signals were being translated into pulses that spread out across his mind and wrapped my hands around it, leaving only leaving a little room at the bottom for the signals to enter and a little gap at the top for a few to spill out. Most of the signals I kept contained and held them within my hands, not dissipated, just confined, so they could do no more harm for now.  

He breathing softened and I felt him regain a degree of control, certainly his eyes looked more responsive to intelligent discussion. “Underwarrior, tell me, why have you no memories of the things you did to me?” 

He grimaced. “Steve, you can still stop this. You don’t have to become a villain, you don’t have to use your gift for evil.” 

I paused, slightly confused. “Wait, what do you think is going on here?” 

I could feel him pushing back the pain in an attempt to concentrate and I helped him bring it further under control. “Your mother told me that you’d lost control, that you had developed these powers and that you were most likely coming here. She knew that I have experience with the nature of our powers and she wanted me to  stop you Steve.”  

The laughter surprised me; it started low in my chest and rippled out of me in a wave. “You think this is *what*? You think you’re intervening to stop the birth of a new villain or something?” 

He pushed himself onto an elbow. “I’m your *friend* Steve.”

A wave of anger passed over me and I loosened my grip on his thalamus, letting a little more pain spill out. “Friend? You think you’re my *friend*? You conspired with my mother to cut my intelligence so low that I went through my life as a barely functioning moron and you think I’m your *friend?*  

He raised a hand. “I have never…” 

I didn’t even have to concentrate this time. I reached into my mind and pulled out my memory of my mother from the day before and slammed it into the front of his mind. The memory ran in both of our heads and it was only then that I realised I hat not pulled it free, but simply shared my own memory into his mind. 

My mother at the kitchen table: 

*“we had to knock… quite a few IQ points off until you were at a level where you were simply too stupid to access your powers. So when you were tested you didn’t register as anything. Now that was possible and Underwarrior helped us with that part of things”*

I pulled the memory back to my own mind and he simply stared at me. His mouth opened and closed a few times before he was able to speak. “I… I don’t, I don’t know what she’s talking about.” 

I leaned forward and spoke softly. “Maybe that’s true. Someone has taken portions of your mind and removed them, or sealed them somehow and so I want to know who did it.” 

He leaned away from me.  “I don’t know Steve, I wish I could help, but I can’t.”  

I looked into his eyes for a moment longer and then pushed myself to my feet and walked away a little way before turning. “Tell me your real name.” 

His brow crinkled into confusion. “I don’t… what do you mean?” 

I tried to be patient. “Tell me your *real* name, before you became the Underwarrior. You were once a boy and that boy had a name. What was it?” 

It was fascinating to watch him access his own memory, to look back through the files and try to locate information that had been so long buried. “I… I don’t know.” 

I reached down into his memories myself and moved through them, looking for the earliest that I could find. Working my way back chronologically I was able to see how much of his life was devoted to being a hero. From a young boy he had been pushed forward by handlers and agents, forced to always use his mind to be a hero; but that was the strange thing, as his intelligence was not a part of his powers. 

Early in his life I found memories of his power testing and he had ranked a lowly Tier 4, with only a degree of enhanced speed, strength and durability. His intelligence, which was assessed later, was completely natural. He had excelled in maths, sciences and many other topics, but his path had been chosen and dictated to him. 

I moved back into the earliest and faintest of his memories. These were hard to access and seemed beyond his ability to find but they were not gone, simply faded. There were images, sounds and thoughts, most banal or simple traumas, a fall, a fright, the usual things that a small child would feel, but one was different. 

He was perhaps two or three and as I turned it towards me I could see that it had once been thick with a tangled red emotion – love. It was the Underwarrior as a child, being held tightly by a woman who rocked him back and forth. Her words were almost a whisper. “Darling Kevin.” 

This was what I needed and I pulled it forward, bringing it from his memory and overlaying it on his mind. I then withdrew, removing all the pain from his leg as I went, so that he could concentrate. As the memory began he looked up sharply, as if he could see it in the sky above him and gasped.  “Mother?” 

For nearly a minute he said nothing, but he played the memory back and forth in his mind. He made no motion, but inside he was changing as something that had been lost long ago was returned. A core piece of his being, perhaps a piece that he had been unaware was missing was back and  cascaded out changes that rippled across his cortex, rewriting neuron encodings and snapping synapses to form new bonds. 

His life had been defined by his work and with this memory I returned a key part of his being and restored a little of his humanity; I had also made him aware of what he had missed. At last he looked down and I saw that he had let the memory slide back into his memory again, but this time it was bright and strong.  

I crouched down beside him again. “You had your childhood stolen too Kevin. What would you have been, what *could* you have been.” He looked up at me wordlessly and I smiled, reached into his head and ripped the memory of his mother out.The Underwarrior broke his stare, stood and began to descend to my level. His chair, like the others, was ornately carved and the seat was fifteen or so feet above the level of the table and he had to free himself from the intricate carved shapes of the seat before he could descend.  

A series of disguised steps had been carved into an ornate sea scene that cascaded down from the seat to the floor in a medley of fish and mer-people. I knew that it paid tribute to his ancestry, as a member of the ruling Mer-Kingdom… except that probably wasn’t true at all. 

He’d reached the bottom and stood, waiting. He was an impressive sight in his billowing red cloak and intricate gold embroidered suit, again with a subtle ocean feel to it. I wondered who made his clothes, did he buy them specially or was there a shop that he ordered them from, perhaps one specialising in magician’s stage clothing. 

His eyes met mine again and flared with intensity. It would have been more impressive if I hadn’t lived with him for several months and helped him practice that move in the mirror. “Why are you here Steve?” 

The fish thing was really bugging me. “Why are *you* here Undy?” 

His eyes narrowed with displeasure at that name. “I’m here because we need to talk Steve. Your mother is…” 

I held my hand up and he paused. “No, really, I mean, does the Mer-Kingdom even exist, or was that completely made up?” His mouth opened and closed again. “Because it seems like no one else has ever *been* there and it’s mostly just tales that came from you. So when you say that you came from under the waves to bring peace to the land, do you believe yourself or know it’s all bollocks?” 

He tipped his head to one side. “Those are good questions Steve. Another good one is why aren’t you just taking what you need directly from my mind?”

That made me pause as he was right. Since I had entered the Cavern, my mind had not touched or felt anyone else’s, including his. I had even needed to ask the damn computer if there was anyone else here. I reached out, probing forward with my mind and seeking him, but where he should have been there was nothing. 

Now he smiled. “Don’t worry, just a little insurance after your mother’s call.” He pushed back his long blind hair to reveal a small metal box attached to his left temple. 

 “So you have something to block me from your mind?” I mused it for a moment. “Alright, let’s talk then.” He carefully walked towards me and I followed him from the meeting room back down into the living area. “Where is everyone else?” 

He shrugged. “Is seemed like this would go better if it was just you and me.” 

“I suppose it depends on what this is.” I smiled. 

 He sighed. “You had to know that you couldn’t keep up what you were doing for long before someone spotted you, right?” 

“And you had this figured out before my mother’s call?” He didn’t respond but I saw a flicker of irritation. 

“I need to know if you’re beyond helping Steve. I need to know if it’s worth me trying, or if I should just end you here.” 

I couldn’t see his mind, but I could tell easily enough that he was serious. He actually seemed to believe that he could ‘end’ me if he saw fit. The arrogance of the man was astounding.  I could feel my ire growing and my patience waning, he seemed determined to lecture me into submission. 

“Well, why don’t we start at the beginning? You helped my parents to rob me of my mind for twenty odd years, so when do I get those back? What *right* did you have to do *anything* to me?” His calm demeanour was only making it worse.  

He leaned back at my outburst and spoke softly. “We did it to *protect* you Steve.” He reached out to touch me and I felt adrenaline flush my system with a chill. “You were …” 

I hit him directly in the chest with a telekinetic blow and he flew backwards, his eyes wide in shock, both at the impact of my blow and the speed I had struck with. It carried him back, intending to slam him against the wall. 

He recovered well and he folded himself in mid air, so that by the time he reached the wall his legs hit first and he easily cushioned his landing and simply pushed off and landed lightly on his feet. 

He crouched, taking a low stance to offer me little to aim at. “It didn’t have to come to this Steve.”  

At that moment I wished I had prepared some witty comebacks as my mind drew a blank and I threw back a weak. “Oh yeah?” 

The living quarters were not large, less than ten meters across with the kitchen on one side and a seating area on the other. He darted towards me, rolling behind the couch and using it to get close. 

It would have been easier if I could have sensed where he was and so I improvised, holding the air molecules within the room still and feeling which ones he disturbed, I felt like a spider, letting him work his way towards me as I monitored the vibrations. 

I stepped back to give myself space. The Underwarrior was a formidable fighter, having not only enhanced speed, strength and durability, but having also spent most of his adult life training and fighting. 

He spun off from the floor and launched towards me with a kick which I caught on my forearm and then in reply I swung a fist towards him. He caught it and used the momentum to spin into a headbutt, sending me crashing to the ground. 

I felt the blood trickle from my nose and looked up to where he stood over me. “Steve, give it…” 

This close I didn’t *need* to be able to sense the dickhead, I could tell exactly where he was. His left leg was closest to me and it was easy to make it twist in three different directions and I enjoyed the crunch, followed just a moment later by a scream of pain. 

I had expected some respite but as he fell to the ground he rolled and landed on top of me and wrestled me down, pinning my arms to the sides and at the same time pulled a small antennae from his pocket that he smacked onto my forehead.  

Pain, ringing, agonising pain. The antennae emitted a high pitched scream into my mind that blocked out thought, reason and anything else, leaving only white noise and fear. I scrabbled weakly to reach up, but he held my arms down easily. With each passing moment I could feel myself slipping away, as if the noise was consuming me, eating my mind. 

His face loomed above me and for a moment I wondered what would happen if I just let myself fade and where I would wake. Would he kill me, or hand me over to the authorities and what would *they* do? It was an interesting question, but not perhaps one I needed an answer for. 

I summoned the last of my will and concentrated enough to get out four words that were spoken so softly that he needed to lean in to hear. It was only with the last word I spoke that I saw him try to react. “No. More. Fighting. Fair.” 

The small metal device that he had stuck to his temple popped off with the last of my strength. It had been attached to an implant buried in his skull, so I used almost the last of my strength to hold the bone as I yanked with my mind, ripping the screws through his skull as it came out and then clattered to the floor.  

There was a moment where his eyes followed it and then he dived for the device, letting go of my arms as he did and allowing me to reach up and yank the antennae free from my own head. He grabbed the box from the floor and pressed it to the side of his head, but it was pointless, I had already turned the insides of the box into metal shavings so it would offer him no more protection. 

I pushed myself onto an elbow and dabbed at my nose, which seemed to have thankfully stopped bleeding. He had scrabbled back and was watching me, at last with real fear. “Fuck Warrior, that thing *hurt*.” I held up the little metal antennae that had caused me such pain and then crushed it into a small sphere with my mind. 

I slowly stood and shook my head to clear it. The ringing still seemed to be echoing somewhere through my mind; that was going to stay a while. “I’d had this little fantasy in my mind that when I went up against you that I would kick your ass somehow.” I shrugged. “But the important thing is winning, so I don’t mind how I do it.” 

I reached out and touched his mind, pleased to finally be able to see it and feel it. It was a thing of beauty, quite unlike any other mind I had seen or felt before. While others were a tight golden ball, his was like a blooming flower, with petals unfolded to let his mind spill into a dome of movement and fire. 

He looked up at me and the power and control were gone from his eyes, replaced by fear. “Steve, please…” 

I ignored him and delved into his mind, looking for what I had missed the last time I had been here. Warriors mind had been one of the first I had searched for any trace of my father but was it possible I had just missed everything else?  

It seemed so much easier now though. His mind opened up and I began rifling through his memories, moving from one to another and this time following paths that led back to myself, my mother and father. There were memories, thoughts, feelings and emotions, but nothing that seemed connected with… well, anything important. 

I looked in detail, focussing in tightly and that is when I found them. There were little lumps of sealed memories, protected from access and hidden so well that I could have looked a hundred times and never seen them.  

Someone had gone to a lot of trouble to keep certain things secret.The Justice Jet circled in the air above the base, waiting to be given clearance to land. Below a number of smaller planes and various rocket powered heroes left trails across the sky as they scorched in, but we needed to be more careful. The Jet was one of the larger and more luxurious transports for a super team and I could see people shooing small groups of arriving heroes off the runway to enable us to land without casualties. 
 
The circling gave me time to look over the base again, but it was strange to see that since I had been there just a few days before much seemed to have changed. When I had been here last it had the unmistakable air of a military base, functional and basic. Now, as we dropped lower, I could just make out that there were flower tubs giving it splashes of colour and benches along the sides of the roads. Even road markings had been painted on. It appeared that some effort had gone into making it seem like a small town. 

Strangest of all though was the large concrete building which held the portal. As we turned and began our final approach into the runway I looked back to see that a crude outline of a rocket had been marked on the side which faced the arriving heroes, almost cartoon like in its simplicity. 

I looked about the plane, but the others were all busy and not looking out the windows. Most were playing with the in flight entertainment systems, which included virtual reality headsets. In the case of the Human Arrow and Bronze Tiger, though, they had stripped down the moment we got on the plane and jumped in the Jacuzzi. Arrow kept muttering “This is the only way to fly.” 

The only person who wasn’t otherwise occupied was Sergeant Force, who sat next to me sniffing the safety card and smiling happily. I nudged him. “Do you see that ship out there, drawn on the building?” I pointed out the window and he leaned across me, but a moment later I realised he was sniffing my finger and pushed him back into his seat. “Never mind.” 

A few minutes later we had landed and Golden Warrior slowly taxied the plane up and into one of the hangars. On either side a motley collection of vehicles had been parked, from the Michigan Crime Solvers VW camper van to Gnatman’s comically small set of propulsion wings. Once everyone had towelled off and redressed, we disembarked from the jet and made our way back onto the tarmac. 

Our arrival had, of course, caused something of a stir and minor heroes were hanging around the entrance of the hanger waiting for the Crew. As we emerged into the sunlight several approached, asking for autographs, but I ignored their chattering and squinted towards the building in the distance. 

I could now see the building clearly and it was indeed a rocket, or at least what a child might consider a picture of a rocket. It shifted slightly and I realised that it was not a drawing directly on the building, but instead a massive banner that had been hung over the side of the building, but for what purpose? 

I reached out psychically and tried to get a feel for the local area, but there were minds simply everywhere. The buildings all around were filled with the guards I had met before and hundreds, maybe thousands of the minds of heroes were here too – mostly gathered ahead of us in town. I scanned across them lightly, taking a general mood from them and expecting excitement, but everything was strangely calm, almost eerily so.  

Behind me I could hear Ben finishing an impromptu speech to the younger heroes on the value of hard work, fighting right and sticking together as a team. I’d always found his can-do, positive teamwork attitude to be inspiring in the gym, but out here it just seemed… annoying. 

I edged backwards and nudged my uncle. “Do you see the picture of the rocket over there on that building?” 

Max glanced over. “Sure, I guess, why?” Ben had finished speaking and now the team began walking forward across the tarmac, the other heroes trailing after them. 

I trotted alongside him, slightly thrown by his question and lack of curiosity at the sight. “It just… why would there be a picture of a rocket on the side of a building?” 

He shrugged. “Maybe it’s mission control? Or the assembly planet for the rocket? Or Professor Amazo’s laboratory? Or they just had a big rocket picture to hang up?” 

It was annoying that he had so many plausible reasons, but I didn’t find any satisfying; it just seemed weird.  “Why would they need to hang up a big rocket pi…”  The rest of his words filtered through to me. “Wait, who’s Professor Amazo?” 

He looked down at me with a smile. “You don’t know Professor Amazo?” He frowned and then smiled again. “I guess not, this is the first time you’ve ever been to one of these big mission launches.” He shook his head and smiled ruefully. “Boy it’s been a while since we went on the last one.” 

“Uh, huh.” I nodded. “And the Professor?” 

“Oh right. He’s this guy who helps out on all our trips, works for the government or something I guess. He makes sure that everyone is fit to go and so forth.” 

We had passed across the tarmac and approached the first line of buildings. Now that I was closer I could see the flowers and several signs they had put out to make it look like a town. From a distance they had been somewhat convincing, but up close they looked shoddy and fake. The nearest signpost held four signs and they all just said ‘Name here’. 

We walked past one and I nudged Max. “What’s with the signs? That’s kinds of weird, huh?” 

He didn’t reply and suddenly I was aware that the general chatter around me had all stopped. I looked up to Max and found he was looking and walking straight ahead, his eyes fixed and slightly glazed. 

I stopped and the others walked on without me, Lady Amazing stepping around me, but then returning to her original path. Creepily their steps had synced up and they walked in perfect time, giving a crunching metronomic feel to the scene. Even Underwarrior, who had been limping heavily on his crutches, was waking without them, holding them at his side, although I could see his leg was starting to buckle as he went. 

In a moment they had all passed me by and continued down the road, heading towards the large concrete building. Even the younger heroes were walking in time and it finally dawned on me where I had seen this before. It was the same walk that I had seen in the other dimension as the women prisoners had headed to Central Processing.  

How were they being controlled? I reached out to the nearest of the young heroes, looking to read their mind, but almost immediately I felt something and pulled back. It was a tugging whisper, like an instinctual urge to obey, to walk, to stay quiet, to do as I was told. I could feel it nibbling at my mind and pulling me forward, pulling me somewhere I really wanted to be. 

I realised that I had taken three steps forward and had to hold myself back. Whoever was calling me was strong enough to transmit this feeling over a distance, but not nearly strong enough to actually make me obey. I considered it for a moment; if they were transmitting this psychic command somehow, then I could track it and find it and when I did… well, I would have some questions answered. 

A soft hand folded into the crook of my elbow and I jumped, letting out a slightly girlish scream of surprise. I looked down to find the Sergeant; he had pulled some flowers from the nearest planter and was happily sniffing them. He held them up to me and as my heart finally began to slow from its pounding rumba, I took a sniff. They were indeed very nice smelling. 

I took his hand and walked briskly after the others; running seemed like it would be a good way to be spotted. The Sergeant came along happily, it seemed he was equally unaffected by their siren call, maybe he didn’t have enough mind left to be affected? For the first time I was a little glad that he was here to keep me company. 

We caught up quickly and for a little while we walked alongside the others quietly. Although they gave no indication that they had any clear goal, other than going forward, I could feel the pull on my mind and I knew they had an ultimate destination. After a few minutes we turned a corner and moved onto a larger road and suddenly we were surrounded by heroes on all sides and all walking in unison.  

On every side there were familiar and not to familiar faces, some in bright costumes, some in trench coats and others just dressed in normal street wear. I had assumed that a mission like this would have almost every hero on earth going, but it was amazing to see the variety and styling of them all together, even if they all stared forward with a glassy fixed stare. 

We continued down the road for a little way, but the crowd was slowing and ahead I could see why. The road was narrowed at one point where a road block had been set up and it was slowing the crowd as they moved through. Guards were on either side and also in the middle of the road and they were watching everyone who went past. 

I let my mind stretch out towards them, the last thing I needed now was a scene, but… they were missing. I could see where the crowd split around them, but there was a gap where they should have been. With a sickening feeling I looked again and saw the familiar glint of silver metal around their heads, they were wearing halos. 

It made sense I supposed, whatever was causing this psychic field needed to be blocked out if they were to do their jobs, but it made mine less easy. The crowd moved forward and I realised that I was too deep in to get out, I would be spotted by the guards however I played it. My only hope was to blend in. 

I matched the step of the others and reached into the Sarge’s mind and took control of his Cerebellum, straightening him up and making him walk in time with the others. We progressed forward and in a moment we had passed the first of the guards and I let myself relax just a little. Just as I felt sure I was home free a hand shot from the crowd and grabbed me. 

The guard gripped my wrist and held me still as all around the others marched forward; it was clear that he would not let go. “I got another one.” The other guard’s heads bobbed up and looked over to where he stood. 

Fuck, I could see guards to the side of the road, guards ahead and more all around. I considered ripping their halo’s off with my mind, or crushing their throats, but it was impossible to know if I would get them all, or if more were watching. It was better to play it dumb. 

The guard did not look happy to see me. “What’re you doing here kid?” 

Kid? I was in my twenties. I put on my best cheerful voice. “I’m here to see off my team Sir! Big adventure beginning and I’m their mascot” I hated myself a little. I could feel that with each moment’s delay the Crew were getting further and further away, completely unaware and uncaring of my plight. 

He nodded, looking unimpressed. “Uh huh, well you aint on the lists, so you’re in trouble.” 

I decided to abandon every spec of respect I had for myself and puffed up my chest. “I am a member of the League of Mascots. I demand to be let past.” 

His hand flew to his mouth and he crouched a little in mock horror. “Oh *dear*. Not the League of *Mascots*!” Around I could hear laughter from the other guards, one of whom he shoved me towards roughly. 

“Stick him with the skinny one.” 

The guard yanked me forward and I reluctantly let him pull me away towards a nearby building. I decided that when we got inside I would crush his skull with my mind and find a way to catch up with the Crew. I was maintaining my connection with the Sergeant and keeping him walking forward was possible as long as I kept him in mind, so to speak. With this connection I could find him and the others again. 

We entered the building and I decided to wait until we were a little further so it would be easier to hide the body, but almost immediately we stopped at a door and he pulled out a keycard and swiped it. This would do, I could hide his body in here and it would hopefully go unfound for a while. He pushed open the door and shoved me in, but I twisted and prepared to pull him with me. 

“Here’s another of your little League buddies.” He laughed and in that moment I remembered that the first guard had said *another* one. 

“***STEVE***” A pair of arms engulfed me from behind and squeezed me tightly enough that I forgot about the guard and concentrated on breathing and escaping the hug. It took a few moments, but when I finally was able to get free I turned into the wide grinning face of Super Danny. 

*****

Happy Saturday and happy part 25! And as if that wasn't enough Super Danny is back! 

It feels like just yesterday that we begun the story and we're already here. I just updated the  with the latest parts and we're up to nearly 57k words - not bad, not bad! 

Have a good rest of your weekend and I'll be back on Monday with another part.Mum took a sip of tea, grimaced and began to stand before stopping and looking across at me. “No point pretending any more is there?” She sat back down and reached out casually for the cupboard, her arm stretching across the kitchen, thinning down to just an inch or so across and then snapping back as she grabbed the sugar from the top shelf. 

It was incredible, her skin became almost translucent as her arm extended and the veins became thin blue ribbons that traced back up her arm to her shoulder. It was surreal to see my mother show off her power so casually after a lifetime of assuming her normality. 

She saw the look on my face. “What?” 

I shook my head, trying to clear it. “I’ve just… I’ve never seen you do anything like that before. It’s so strange to think that you’ve had this power all along.” 

Her face distorted into something approaching embarrassment and she looked away. “Yes, I suppose so.” She took a sip of tea and with the sugar added it seemed more to her taste. “So I presume this is all your Uncle’s fault, isn’t it?”  

I looked up sharply. “Don’t blame him, he didn’t tell me anything or help me find out and he wasn’t the one who purposefully shut off my powers!” 

She held a hand up. “Okay, okay, but what did he tell you?”

I could feel the sarcasm growing in my voice. “He didn’t have to *tell* me anything, I figured it out when I saw who else worked out at his gym. Then when he took me back to the Cavern I found the files on Dad and it explained *everything*.” 

Mum’s forehead furrowed. “Files? Jesus you mean the official records they keep downstairs?” 

I nodded. “Yes, the very ones!” 

She sighed. “Steve, those were all made up, none of that happened.” 

I thought for a moment. “Eh?” 

She set down her cup of tea and picked up another biscuit.  “A long time ago your father and I were heroes and we were good at it too.  We met as teens when we were both in *The Action Rangers* and as we moved up through the teams, we always seemed to progress at the same time. It was natural for us to become friends, as we spent such a lot of time together.  

She was lost in her thoughts now. “For years we fought side by side and slowly we began to fall in love, but neither of us would admit it. I was scared that I would be seen as a foolish girl falling in love when I wanted to be taken seriously and he was afraid that it would damage his chances of progressing into the upper echelons of heroics. He had such big plans, such noble plans.” 

I reached for another biscuit and found it was the last one. For a moment I hesitated, but she wasn’t paying attention and so I quickly took it and began the dunking process. “So how did you end up together?” 

A smile spread across her face as the memory came to her. “I was twenty two and we had both worked our way up to being part of the Team Freedom, based out of Philadelphia. We were working a case together, hunting down the Long Division Gang.  We kept thinking we’d got them all when some remainder of the gang would pop up out of nowhere and you’d have to start all over again, it was proving extremely difficult.”

“We finally tracked them down at an abandoned Pi factory but their Boss, the Devisor, had rigged the place with booby traps. He trapped me and threatened to split me into four equal parts. Your father offered his life for mine and I *knew* that he meant it, he would die for me.” 

I reached over and put my hand over hers. “That’s a lovely story, so did he take your place?” 

She looked up at me, her memory broken. “Oh, no it was just a distraction. A moment later he teleported over and beat the ever loving snot out of the Devisor, but it was a nice moment.”

I tried to hurry her along. “So that was it? You lived happily ever after?” 

She shook her head. “No, not really.” 

“That case highlighted something we both knew, he was far more powerful than I ever would be. While I could stretch my body up to five times its natural length, he had complete multi dimensional control and the things he could do were… amazing.” 

This was news to me. “Wait, I thought he just teleported, isn’t that why he was called the Void Master, as he was the Master of the Void?” 

“Well, yes, that was how it was explained to idio… that was what we told people to keep it simple, but it was far more complex. He could split his form between dimensions, to alter his density and even stay in other dimensions for extended periods.” 

I shook my head. “I had no idea.” 

Again she wore that strange almost embarrassed look. “No, you wouldn’t have.” 

She raised her voice back up. “Anyway, that was the last test he needed to pass and your father was offered a place on the Justice Crew, but I was not. It would mean that for the first time we would not be fighting together and as young and stupid as we were, that seemed just intolerable. So he called in a favour, actually, quite a lot of favours.” 

“He got me onto the team, but I didn’t deserve to be there; I wasn’t strong enough. In our first mission I had to stretch myself to allow people to jump from a building safely, but I couldn’t stretch far enough and… they got hurt.” 

I’d known my parents had been heroes, but she had never spoken of this before. “Jesus Mum, I had no idea…” 

She waved me away. “No one died, but they could have and I resigned the team that day. Your father wanted to join me, but I wouldn’t let him and so he stayed on and became a huge part of the team. I meanwhile was contacted by the Department of Superhuman affairs with a different offer, or rather an opportunity. They offered me the chance to become a mother.” 

I leaned back in my chair. “But everyone knows that people with powers can’t have kids!” 

She smiled. “They wanted me to be the first.” 

“And Dad was on board with this?” I tried to picture my Dad as a young man, thinking about having a child, while saving the world on a regular basis.  

She nodded. “At first anyway, but he was having his own problems. The villains he was fighting were the usual sort, but something was wrong and he could feel it when he fought them. They were must stronger than anyone we had faced before and he was spending more time phased between dimensions for protection. He said that he could feel their minds in other dimensions and they were *screaming* and so he began to investigate.” 

Mum leaned forward and fixed me with a serious gaze. “He discovered something awful, a horrific secret about the vary nature of our…” 

I cut across her. “If this is about the other dimension with all the villains and the mind control, I’m aware of that too.” 

She looked at me, her mouth agape. “And that people are under the control of…” 

I waved her along. “Yup, got it.” 

She looked a little put out. “Well, I suppose that brings us back to the elephant in the room, you. Your father had discovered this awful secret as we were trying to get pregnant. We had both come to love the idea of having a child, but we were terrified about what it might mean. He’d lost all faith in the Department of Heroes and even his friends; he was terrified what it would mean for you. He didn’t want you to grow up in a world like this Steve” 

She sighed. “We knew how powerful you would likely be and we didn’t want you to be turned into a living weapon, so we did the only thing we could think of. As soon as we got pregnant we told them that Underwarrior had developed a super powered contraceptive to stop the transmission of powers to a child. We called in every favour we had left to convince people that it was true and it worked. This way we could have you and not lose you to the government.” 

She smiled a sly grin. “Of course such a compound is impossible, although Underwarrior made it *seem* as if it might be.” She paused, a little triumphantly.  

“But…” I held my hands out helplessly. “I *did* have powers? I mean, I do!” I lifted the kettle with my mind and filled it up with water from the tap before replacing it. “See?” 

She smiled at me a little patronisingly. “Yes dear, *very* well done.” Even though it hadn’t exactly been sincere, I still felt a little proud at her praise. “Your father explained that he wanted a normal child and there was nothing they could do at that point, but as punishment he was kicked from the Justice Crew. They also still insisted though that we agreed to you being tested as a boy.”

I lifted my hands in exasperation. “Then why didn’t they find my powers?”  

For a third time she looked embarrassed.   “Steve, do you remember much of being a child?” 

I thought for a moment. “Yes, I suppose so.” 

“What kind of childhood do you remember?”  

I thought on my school days, they had gone past so quickly. “Happy, I suppose, easy. I don’t remember ever being stressed or upset. What does that have to do with anything though, how did you remove my powers?” 

She sighed. “Honey, it’s not possible to remove powers with a pill...” 

I cut in. “I *saw* Underwarriors notes…” 

She held a hand up to stop me and then placed it over mine. “There was only one way to hide your powers Steve, we had to make you too stupid to use them.” 

I looked at her for a long time. “Eh?” 

“It was the only thing we could think of to do, we had to knock… quite a few IQ points off until you were at a level where you were simply too stupid to access your powers. So when you were tested you didn’t register as anything. Now *that* was possible and Underwarrior helped us with that part of things” 

It seemed like a lie and a really weird one at that, but now that she had said it, things were coming back to me. They seemed like dreams, I had acted in ways that seemed impossible, but it was me. I realised now that my best friend for several years had not lived next door through a glass window in my parent’s bedroom, but it had, in fact, been a mirror.  I still missed Harry a little and it seemed he had not moved to Nebraska, but my parents had, instead, got a new wardrobe. 

Back when I had confronted my uncle about the gym I had puzzled over the fact that I had never suspected him being a hero, despite the house being filled with JC merchandise in big shipping boxes. Now I came to think about it he also had his costume drying over a radiator – how had I missed all this?  It was hard to believe it was true, but the more I considered it, the more it made sense. 

A thought occurred. “But I found Underwarriors files, he said that tri-hexi-dronal crystals would reverse the process and they did.” 

She smiled. “He must have worked out what would remove the IQ block and had it ready just in case it was ever needed.” 

My head was still reeling. “So my whole life has been a lie?” 

I could hear the worry in her voice. “No, of *course* not dear, it was all for your own good.” 

I wanted to believe her, I really, *really* did, but you know what they say – there’s no truth like the truth you find when you look in someone’s mind. 

*****

You can find all the parts on a Google doc [here]( https://goo.gl/CVufr5). 

*****

There’s a chance I might not be able to write tomorrow, but hopefully I can get at least a shorter part up and I may be posting as usual, just a heads up in case.I followed the girl as she led me into the building, carefully feeling with my mind to try to sense what was ahead. The building was, as I had suspected earlier, modular and the seams were clear against the walls and ceiling. The corridor she led me down was windowless, only lit with bare bulbs, which shone starkly on the worn floors and ingrained dirt. We passed several doorways leading into dark rooms, which were crammed with makeshift beds, but they were all empty and silent. Finally, reaching the end of the corridor, she stopped by the last doorway and signalled for me to pass her and go into the room.  
 
The room was slightly larger than some of the ones we had passed, but was still only a few meters across. The floor was littered with empty food containers and the walls were covered by pegs holding cloth bags made with the same poor material as the clothes the prisoners wore. Along one wall something had made a horizontal gouge in the wall and it let in a little light from outside, tingeing the room purple. 

In front of the gash in the wall was a middle aged man, sitting in a fraying green chair with a board game laid out in front of him. The pieces were dark and light pebbles and before he looked up to me he made a movement and danced a stone from one side of the board to the other and then carefully laid it aside. 

On the other side of the room, perched on a low table, was a heavily muscled man, who watched me closely as I entered. The light that made it into the room seemed to hug the gloom and cast shadows where none were needed, but I could make out the curling tattoos that worked up his arms and laced behind his head. 
 
He was disconcerting enough to have watching me, but when the other man finally turned to me, I was transfixed by his painfully blue eyes. They seemed to see through me, as if he was exposing my secrets and laying them out for anyone to see.  Instinctively I felt my mind pull back, as if attacked, and I felt carefully to see if he was in my mind, but there was nothing there. Then the moment passed and his eyes, still remarkably blue, had lost their intensity and he was just a man again. 

He pushed himself from the chair, straining slightly as he did so and turned to me with a smile. “Thank you for coming.” He looked back to the girl who stood behind me. “And thank *you* Madeline for fetching him.” The girl was squinting at me furiously, as if trying to replicate the piercing gaze, but at his word she nodded and walked away, pulling the door shut behind her.    
 
He held out his hand. “My name is Adam and my companion behind you is Calvin, but he’s most often known by his other name, Crush Machine.”  
 
I recognised the name; he was a villain who was active on the east coast of America from time to time.  I ran my gaze over him, but his face was blank and gave nothing away. Both men wore halos and even though I reached out and tried to touch their minds, there was nothing there to read. 

I turned back to Adam and shook his hand. “Uh, I’m Steve.”  
 
 Adam paused expectantly for a moment. “I’m sure better known as…?”  
 
 “No, no, just Steve.”  I shrugged.
 
He glanced across at Calvin with a slight look of confusion. “It would be easier if we knew who you *really* were Steve.”   
 
I felt a flicker of annoyance. “Why don’t you go first?”  
 
He seemed to consider for a moment and then sat back down in the chair he had come from and motioned me towards the chair opposite him. I sat, reluctantly as Calvin was now behind me, but I was confident that I would feel him make any move on me before he was able to touch me. 
 
The chairs were low and directly under the window, meaning that light spilled across Adam’s face and for the first time I was able to see him clearly. His face was thin, almost gaunt and it made his skin seem stretched across his face, but the blue eyes shone out fiercely. He looked perhaps in his late fifties, but it was extremely hard to tell. 

He leaned forward a little. “So Steve, what have they already told you?” 

The silence stretched on a little too long until it was palpably uncomfortable. I glanced behind me and leaned in a little closer. “Who are ‘they’.” 

I had been wrong, Calvin was on me before I sensed any movement and he dragged me from the chair and locked my arms behind my back. His voice was a throaty growl. “Who the fuck are you?” He twisted my arm and raised his voice. “Answer right fucking now.” 

I felt justifiably angry at having been attacked for no reason. Confused too, but in the moment it was anger that won out. Calvin tried to twist my arm further, but suddenly found his hand locked in place as I held it still. One by one his fingers cracked back from my arms and once they had released me I stepped away from him and turned. His face flushed purple as he strained to move, but I held him tightly in place. He had wrenched my arm painfully and so it was with more than a little pleasure that I sent him flying backwards and he hit the wall with enough force to shake the building.  

He slumped to the ground and I turned to the Adam “That’s e-fucking-nough, no one sent me, I came by myself, my name is Steve, I meant you no harm and if you don’t tell me what’s going on then I’m going to get really fucking angry.” 

Adam held up both his hands. “Please Steve, this is all a mistake. You are not the person we assumed you were. Please let me start again and introduce myself properly.” He waited until I gave a nod before he continued. “My name is Adam One, and many years ago I was known as the first Atomic Man, but I have spent nearly thirty years rotting in this prison.” 

I looked him over. Even if he wore high heels he would have struggled to reach five foot eight and he looked nothing like the pictures of the first Atomic Man. There was one other small issue.  “Fuck off, Atomic Man *died* thirty years ago.” 

He shrugged. “Believe me or not, it’s the truth. We have been waiting for… a long time for someone and when we saw you, we assumed you were the person who had come to find us. Calvin is just a little… overprotective.” 

A long groan came from behind me and I turned to see Calvin sitting up and rubbing his head. Adam twisted in his seat and pulled three metal cups from behind his chair, along with a flask. He poured generous measures into the cups and then crossed to Calvin and handed him one, before passing me the second. 
 
I sniffed at the liquid, it had an aniseed earthy tang to it. “What is this?” 

He picked up his own cup and stirred it around with his finger. “Very little grows in this place. Maybe it’s the soil, maybe the light, but no seeds will root and no cutting will live. We tried digging down, searching for soil, but all we found were roots, which seem to live off the rock itself.” He sucked the liquid off his finger and then took a gulp. “We distil it into this; it’s not exactly a fruity Chianti, but it suffices.” 

I sniffed the cup again and then set it down on the side without trying it. Adam sat back down into his seat and a moment later I did the same.  There was a scuffling noise as Calvin tried to regain his feet, but I pressed him into the ground until he got the idea. 

I looked him over again and this time I tried to look beyond the crow’s feet and the sharp cheekbones. It was true that he did bear quite a resemblance to the man whose face was plastered everywhere for the Atomic Man holiday weekend in March. “Let’s say I believe you, why are you here? You’re revered as one of the greatest heroes of all time, why would you be in prison?”

He took another sip of his drink. “Why did you come here Steve? If you weren't sent, then how did you pass the guards, evade detection and do whatever you did to your halo to be able to use your powers?” 

It was a little tiresome to have him answer a question with a question. “I came because I was curious where they were shipping all the prisoners before their Galactico’s latest crusade and the rest… I got lucky I guess.”  

He frowned. “It doesn’t sound like you’re going with them, Steve?” 

“I’m not a…” I stopped myself, but it was enough for him to work it out. 

“Not a hero? Well you’re not in here with us, so not a villain either.” He looked deep in thought for a moment. “So Steve, what exactly *are* you?” 

I considered denying it, but there seemed little point. “I’m neither, I’m independent I guess.”

He leaned forward. “That’s… impossible, no one is allowed to be independent.”

I shook my head. “My father hid my power from everyone… from me. By the time I got it back, no one knew.” 

I flinched as he jumped up, knocking his drink onto the floor. “*No one* knows?” He looked over to Calvin and then back to me. “Steve I think you *are* the one we’ve been waiting for.” 

I pushed up from the seat. “I’m not here to help anyone and right now I’m definitely feeling less and less inclined to help you, so here’s a last chance, either you tell me what’s going on, or I walk out the door right now.” 

Adam eased himself back into his seat. “Okay, okay. Please sit and I’ll try to explain, but it needs a little background first.” I did as he asked. “Tell me what do you know about where powers come from?”   
 
I looked at him askance. “Powers don’t *come* from anywhere, some people just develop them, it’s been that way since the ancient heroes of legends.” 

Adam reached down and picked his cup off the floor and began to pour himself another drink. When he had finished he stopped the flask again and looked at me over the rim. “That’s what you were told, but would you like to know the truth?” 
 
*****

EDIT - meant to say that I have popped all the parts so far into a google doc as a few folk had asked if it was collected somewhere. You can find that  and I'll try to remember to keep it up to date - please remind me if I don't.My anger sat in my chest and burned me, as each humiliation played in my mind. Lying in the dark, in my childhood bedroom, without a friend in the world, it built to a point of agony where it finally became too much and tears began to roll from the corners of my eyes to the bed and soak into the pillow. 

It wasn’t *just* that it was unfair, although it was. It wasn’t *just* that I felt alone, although I did and it wasn’t *just* that it felt like the foundations of my life had been built on lies, although that was also certainly true. It was all of these things together and worse still was that it had all been done to me by people believing they were doing the right thing. 

For a few moments I let the tears roll and a wave of self pity wash over me; it felt good to indulge myself. *Poor little Steve, what a hard lot he’s had.* I let the moment linger, milking every drop of feeling from it and then when I was done I put it away. The pity party was over and I tested how I still felt. Angry. Good. 

Perhaps it should have comforted me that my parents had lied and crippled me with the best of intentions, but it had been a coward’s way of dealing with things and a cruel way to treat a child. Perhaps I viewed them more severely as they claimed to have been “heroes” and yet when their own child needed them the most they took the cowards way out – lies and letting the most vulnerable person pay the highest price. 

Perhaps a bigger man would have moved on, perhaps a *better* man would have moved on, but no one had bothered to teach me about being the bigger or better man and so I would play the hand I was dealt. 

My fists had been clenched, fingernails digging into the palms of my hands, but slowly they relaxed and I lay them flat on the bed. The anger hadn’t gone away, but it had changed. It was no longer visceral, it was content to wait until needed. 

I breathed deeply and was suddenly aware of the smell; it was the smell of my childhood, a particular scent from this house that reminded me of being young.  This room made me feel both safe and angry, the posters on the wall were of cars and football, but had I liked either, or had I simply chosen what everyone else had to fit in? Still, there was comfort here too, memories of sleep and safety, no matter how illusory that was. 

I closed my eyes and all that remained was the smell and the bed beneath me that was so familiar.  At last I slept.   

*****


When I awoke a beautiful day had dawned and for just a moment I had no thoughts of anything but the sun coming through the window and the low far off buzz of someone mowing their lawn. It only survived a moment and then it all came back and I braced myself for the burning pain of the anger in my chest… but none came. 

I swung my legs over the bed and remembered how my anger had changed last night into something colder and more controlled. I looked for it and I found it, easily neatly piled in boxes in my own mind, waiting for me. I wanted to examine it, to see what it had become, but I had never been able to look inwards with any clarity. Still, I was well rested and curious, so if there was any time to do it then it was now. 

I pushed and could feel the unusual sensation of moving into a mind, pushing past the barrier and finding my way inside, but instead of being presented with the nice neat mind, laid out in front of me it was a blur, a rush of ideas and concepts racing past me without consideration. It was as if I had my face pressed to the window of a car as it sped along a road. The shapes were recognisable, but passed me in a blur before I could see them in any detail. 

I saw no neat patters of thoughts shuttling back and forth, just a rapidly changing landscape of thoughts and images cataloguing my every moment, conscious and unconscious. As I watched, I would then think about them, making a blur about there being a blur. It was blur-ception. 

It slowly dawned on me that I *was* seeing my mind, but from the inside looking out. I couldn’t observe the thoughts as I did in others any more than I could see my own eyes without a mirror. From this perspective I could finally somewhat understand what I was seeing and it began to make sense.  

Here were the boxes of anger; it seemed that as I slept my mind had taken my anger and placed it into its own area and labelled it with a neat copperplate handwriting. I could *feel* each one, but they stayed contained, ready to be taken out to be used. I wanted to explore them further, but the longer I stayed here the more it was beginning to hurt and so I simply checked the first box before I pulled back - *Mum*. 

My bedroom was still the room of a child and so when I searched for clean clothes it soon became apparent that one of the things I had not been so good at was fashion choices. Since I ha left home I had worn a jeans/t-shirt combination, but these were the clothes from when I was a teen. The best on offer seemed to be a Snoopy hoodie and mustard slacks and I decided I could do better. 

In desperation I wandered through to my parent’s bedroom and pulled open my mothers wardrobe. There, at the back behind all of her clothes, I found half a dozen of my father’s shirts and a neat grey suit. While it was a little tight, it fit well enough and for the first time when I looked in the mirror I felt a spark of pride in my reflection. I searched for a little longer, but I found no shoes and so I pulled my converse trainers back on and made my way downstairs. 

She still sat at the table where I had left her, the only sign of life a slow breathing and the occasional reflex blink. It took a little time, but I eventually found all the pieces of her mind; I had dashed them out in anger the night before and I found the last part underneath the fridge, which of course was the last place I looked.  

I was worried for a moment that it would be hard to reassemble her mind, but as I placed the pieces in their familiar locations it began to re-form. Nothing had been torn loose from its correct location and so it seemed to be keen to get back to its original shape, or at least *some* shape.  

She blinked, each eye working independently, but it seemed her head was more or less back in sync. Her mouth opened and closed a few times, but nothing came out and so I put the kettle on and waited for it to boil and then made some tea. When ready I placed a mug into her hands and she looked down, surprised. 

Her lips moved again, but this time she spoke. “Thanks my love.” 

I looked at her mind again and moved around a few pieces that seemed to be loose or poorly fitting and pushed in a few bits that I hadn’t been able to find where they had originally gone and so stuck in the middle – it was more or less my same approach to flat pack furniture. 

I lifted her mug up to her mouth and she drank and then placed it down on the table. I watched and took a sip of my own. “How do you feel?” 

Her stare was still a little blank, but it was now the look of a woman who was slowly forgetting a nightmare, but the last few details were still haunting her. “I’m…fine my dear.” She was slowly looking around and seeming to take in her surroundings. 

In my mind I found my little box of anger and pulled it forward to the front of my mind. I was sitting close and I reached out and took her hands in mine. “Tell me mother, explain to me one last time why you took my mind away from me?” 

She looked at me, afraid now. It took her several minutes before she started to talk, but at last she found her voice. “I was afraid. I didn’t want to lose you. You would be used to hurt so *many* people. Your father and I agreed it was the best way…” 

She trailed off, her eyes wide. With each moment her mind was becoming better able to comprehend what I had done to her, what I could *do* to her.  

I moved closer so that I could speak in almost a whisper. I wanted her to strain to hear each word so she would concentrate and get the full meaning. “You stole my mind and left me with nothing, but I’m taking it all back. You didn’t want to lose me? I’m gone. You were afraid of what I could become?” I leaned in closer. “Everything I do from here on out is your responsibility.” 

I paused for a moment to let it sink in and watch her face fall as it filtered through to her and then dropped her hand and stood from the table. I heard her calling me as I walked to the front door, but there was nothing left for me in this house that I wanted anymore.As Adam had talked, his eyes had grown larger and frankly, a little crazy. He stopped and looked at me beseechingly. “Do you understand Steve? Do you *understand*!” 

Before I could reply there was a noise, a long rising note that reached a crescendo and then dropped to a deep bass boom. Adam looked to the window as soon as it had begun and turned back to me now. 

“Steve, they’re calling the guards for the portal closure; it’s much earlier than I expected. Either something is wrong, or they have some reason to be shutting it down early, but whatever it is, you need to leave and get back through. In thirty minutes it will close and there is no knowing when it will reopen.” 

I definitely did not want to be stuck here. “It doesn’t open regularly?” 

He shook his head. “No and it can only be opened from the other side. You *must* go and you must find those on the other side who are willing to help us.” 

It was seeming a little like he was handing out homework. “Ooookay, and how do I find them, these supporters.” 

He closed his eyes for a moment, looking pained. “I do not know, but I am sure they are out there.” 

My eyes rolled up in part humour and part frustration. It had all become… a little much. “Before I go, can I just check I understand what you’ve told me?” 

He gestured for me to continue. “Very well, but quickly Steve.” 

“Right, so, you were given powers as a child by the government and trained to be a solider?” I paused and he nodded. “And then a few years later they gave a bunch *more* kids powers too, including your brother… uh…” 

“He was called Davey.” Adam interjected. 

“Thank you, Davey. So they sent you to war and then everyone hated you and then made Davey crazy, so that people would fear him. *Then* they made the two of you fight and you killed him?” I tried to keep any judgement from my voice.  

He hadn’t objected, so I continued. “Now everyone loved you, because you saved the day, yada yada.” I spun my fingers. “The guys behind the whole thing saw this and they decided to keep people scared, by using folk like you with powers and so they set up fights. In between times they store the bad guys in this weirdo dimension and then send them out brainwashed to fight good guys?” 

“Well,” he leaned back in his chair “It’s a little more complex than that, but yes, in essence that’s correct.” 

I mulled it over for a few moments and took another sip of the root alcohol. “And you’d like my help in getting out of here and I need to find your friends on the outside. Even though you aren’t exactly sure who I need to speak to?” 

“Yes, Steve, you see I have been stuck here for a long…” 

I waved him down, “Yeah, yeah, nearly thirty years, I heard you. See, the thing is that it is a really nice story, but it could be total bollocks.”  

Confusion flashed across his face, followed by a flush of anger. “No, listen to me, what I’m telling you *is* important and you *must* not…”  

It was a poor choice of words, as something inside me did not enjoy being told what I *must* or *must not* do so I cut in. “See, what I had always been told, is that there were good guys and bad guys and they fight and the bad guys get locked up. If *that’s* true, then frankly it’s a lot simpler.” 

Adam leant forward and fixed me with a steely glare, his blue eyes flashing with intensity. “The world is not simple Steve. Perhaps you fail to understand, or do not believe, but *I* believe Steve and you *are* the one who we have waited for. You can change all this, you can make it right again.” 

My mind wandered a little as he spoke about responsibility and destiny and I nodded absently to make it seem as if I was listening politely. It was irritating to not just be able to look in his mind, to be able to see his real intention. At last he stopped and seemed to be waiting for a response. 

I pondered how best to phrase this. “Look, Adam, you seem like a nice guy for someone who lives in a small room with your muscley male friend and you certainly have told me a very interesting story, but I’m just not really sure if I can help and what I should do?” 

The anger was back in his voice and it seemed that he may have just covered this in his previous explanation. “We would *like* you to help us get free so that we can right the world. We cannot do this without your help and you would be essential to our cause.” 

I’d been watching him as he talked and as he had said ‘like’ his eyebrows lifted and there was a slight gap just in front of his temple where the halo didn’t press tightly against his skin.  I waited for him to stop speaking and then stood and reached for his head. 

He tried to fend me off, but I smacked down his arms and pinned them to the chair with my mind, so he was immobile. This time Calvin hadn’t moved quickly or quietly enough and my hand shot out and froze him in midair as he dived towards me. 

I turned to him as he struggled to break free. “I told you what would happen if you came at me again.” I waited until I saw understanding register in his eyes and then propelled him backward with enough force to leave a Calvin shaped hole in the wall. 

I looked back to Adam and now his blue eyes glinted with fear. “Steve, what are you doing?” 

It was a little hard to explain to him and honestly, I didn’t really care if he understood or not. It wasn’t necessarily about whether or not I believed him, it was a weird story, but so many were. No, what I had slowly come to dislike was the *way* he was telling it to me. It was patronising and that was the one thing guaranteed to make me angry. 

I tried to speak as calmly as possible so this was as unthreatening as possible, but it was tricky not to seem at lest a *little* threatening when I was pinning him to his chair. “Adam, I’m just going to take a little look into your mind to see what’s going on.” 

His eyes widened with fear. “What… what the fuck do you mean?” 

There seemed little point in replying and so I shoved my finger in-between the halo and his head and concentrated, trying to see if I could feel his mind. 

I could sense at once that it was different this time. When I had broken past the halo and looked at the guard’s mind, it had been the same pliable material that I was used to, but Adam had something different hiding in his head. He felt me, I was sure of it and he retreated and tried to hide away from me. 

It wasn’t *funny* exactly, but there was a certain dark humour about the whole thing and I couldn’t help smiling a little. I was here with Atomic Man, the first hero and I was chasing his mind around his head while he tried to hide from me. If only the kids from school could see me now. 

I found him, somewhere near the back and cornered him so that I could watch his reactions. “Tell me what am I to you Adam?” 

It wasn’t exactly words, or images, but general impressions that he gave off. There was hope, there was freedom and there was something else there. I was a little more direct this time. “Tell me Adam, what am I, *tell me*.” 

There were only flickers, but having him think directly about me gave me enough to get a good feel for this thoughts. It was simple, he saw me as a tool. Probably in several senses now, but his overwhelming though was that I was a tool to be used and manipulated and… and if necessary discarded. 

My initial reaction was anger. “You really don’t give a fuck about me.” 

His eyes twisted up to look at me, struggling as his might worked in so many directions. “Steve, we’re all a part of something larger, I just… I just want your help.” 

It was… annoying. I could only see minute flashes, but much of what I saw were deep reserves of sorrow, as if he had stored the pain up in layers of sadness. Apart from his willingness to use me to further his goals, I saw nothing more sinister in his mind and pulled my hand free. My anger was gone, he wanted to use me, but not for evil, just because he needed to. 

He fell back onto the chair, looking shocked and pained. “W… why Steve.” 

I didn’t quite know what to tell him, that he’d been looking for a hero and had ended up with me instead? I wasn’t here to save him? I wasn’t here to pull down the system but had stumbled in out of 2 parts curiosity, 1 part self interest. Frankly it seemed a little beyond me to be the saviour of a dimension full of villains.  

I glanced over to the hole in the wall. “When Calvin wakes up, tell him no hard feelings huh?” I patted Adam on the hand and held him in his chair while I backed from the room. “Look, Adam, maybe you’d be better finding help from someone else. I’m not your guy, but really, best of luck.” 

I turned for the door and his words whispered after me. “Not yet, Steve, but you will be.” 

I glanced back. “No I fucking won’t.” Then I left. 

I worked my way back along the corridors and eventually reached the street and turned back towards the square.  Soon I was back at the entrance to the alley and I checked carefully before emerging into the open. 

It was empty, no guards, no prisoners, even the beam had been switched off. The only thing remaining from earlier was the box that still sat in the middle, abandoned. I moved across and carefully looked in, but unsurprisingly it was empty. The food had all been removed and judging by the scuffed ground and many shoe prints all around, it had been a free-for-all at the end. 

I continued across the square and found the road I had arrived from and began a brisk walk towards the portal. Adam had said it would be thirty minutes until it closed and it had already been fifteen. By my reckoning the portal was at least ten minutes away and maybe more. We had walked at a fixed pace on the way in and it had messed with my sense of distance. 

I saw no one on the street, until after a few minutes of walking I heard footsteps from behind me, running at full speed. It was a single set and it grew nearer, so I kept a watch over my shoulder for the owner to appear. 

At last they burst around a corner and skidded onto the road I was walking down. It was a guard, quite a young one and with a curious glance to me, he sprinted past me and towards the portal. It occurred to me that perhaps Adam had been making a rough estimate and began to walk faster, until at last I could see the arch loom in the distance. 

There was a group around it and at first I wondered if it was prisoners, but quickly I could see that it was guards. As I approached I could see that there was a rough queue and I, of course, would be at the back. 

This close to the portal I could see its swirls and also hear a faint thrum that was coming from it. It was regular, every few seconds, but as I listened it seemed to speed up a little. All around the guards were fidgeting and it slowly dawned on me that not everyone might be going home. If the portal was getting ready to close then perhaps I would be better on the other side when the thrumming had reached its final point.  

There were maybe sixty guards still waiting and at the front there was one who was letting them go through one at a time, each being patted down as they went. The boy who had run past me had worked his way forward and now he whispered furiously into the guard’s ear. I could see another guard approach and when he was close no one further was allowed through. The important guard reached the front, did not stop and walked through, his assistant going closely behind. 

The portal had now reached almost a single tone and it was clear I would not get through in time and so it seemed that drastic action was needed. I reached out to feel the world around me, but there was very little to feel, only shingle-y ground below me, which sloped slightly away from the portal where it had been worn away by people walking over it. 

If all I had to work with was the ground, then so be it. It was fairly easy in the end, just a little pull here and a little push there and suddenly the entire slope slipped back a few feet, sending almost every guard to the ground, or at least stumbling backwards. I timed it perfectly to be walking forward as they all fell back and before any of them could stand, let alone stop me, I was at the front and then entered the portal. 


***** 

I’ll be back on Monday with more of the story and in the meantime I hope you all have a good weekend – it’s time for some whisky and to put my feet up!Light came first, something shining, blinding, so that I squeezed my eyes shut again. A moment passed and then I tried again and this time it was a little easier to see as my eyes adjusted and the room slowly swam into focus. Somewhere in the background there was a low hum of electrical machinery and then a voice soft and friendly, almost caring. 

“Can you hear me Steven? Are you awake?” 

I tried to lift a hand to shield my eyes, but it was held, firmly. Straps at each side of my body held my wrists down, tightly enough to prevent movement but not so firm that it hurt me. With my hands restrained, I tried to move my mind, but my thoughts echoed in my mind and cold steel touched me at my temples, a halo. I was bound, physically and mentally. 

“I said, can you *hear* me Steven?” 

I knew who the voice belonged to, but it didn’t seem right. Not here. I closed my eyes again, wanting just a moment longer before I had to open them, to see him again. 

I could smell his soft soapy aftershave, a smell I had once associated with safety and happiness, but which now made me feel a little sick. At last I opened my eyes and he was there, directly in front of me, standing over the rack to which I was tied, hand and foot. He smiled; his face had aged but the smile still made the left side of his face twitch up as it always had. His curly smile. “Hello Dad.” 

He continued to watch me for a moment and then sat down beside me, placing one of his hands over one of mine in a familiar way. “It’s *good* to see you Steven, it really is.” 

I did my best to look down at myself, strapped to this rack and unable to move. “Well, you’ve got a funny way of showing it.” 

He looked me over, as if seeing that I was held down for the first time. “Yes, this is… unfortunate, but considering the circumstances I’m afraid I had no choice.” 

I wriggled against my bonds. “So these circumstances exactly…?” 

He laughed, just once. “Steven, when I left, you had barely enough in your head to remember your name, but look at you now.” He shook his head and smiled a little. “When they said that they’d caught people breaking into the facility, *powered* people even…” he paused and looked at me with something that seemed akin to pride. “…well I had *no idea* it would be you. Hell, I had no idea it *could* be you.”

I returned his smile. “Well, we all make mistakes, maybe you could take off these straps and we can talk with a little less bondage involved.”    

He tapped my cheek lightly, almost an admonishment. “Steven tell me, why are you here?” He stood and walked a few steps away, standing with his back to me. “Is this to do with me or is this something else?” 

I weighed up the choices of what to tell him and limited honestly seemed the best way forward. “I had no idea whatsoever that you were here and I have no idea why you’ve strapped me down like this. It’s kinda weird that you had these straps just ready to go, to be honest.”  

He turned back to face me and I could see the interest piqued on his face. He walked back and held my gaze for a moment. “You know Steve, I actually believe you. So what now?” 

I squirmed a little more in my straps and managed to see a little to my side. I could just see the flash of red hair as it tumbled off the side of the slab next to me. “I suppose a family dinner and game of monopoly is out of the question?” 

For just a moment there was a little irritation in his eyes and then it was gone and he laughed again. “Alright Steven, let’s stop fucking around and perhaps you tell me why you, a technopath, the Underwarrior and one of my most trusted Lieutenants are skulking around beating up the guards.” 

It was hard to keep the surprise from my voice. “One of *your* most trusted Lieutenants? So… what, you’re the boss here?” 

He paused. “Steven, just tell me why you’re here.” 

I tried to nod, but the strap held me firm. “Sure, it *really* seems like it’s *me* who owes *you* the explanation. It’s not like you disappeared a few years back, made no attempt to contact me and as your first action on seeing me, seem to have strapped me to a fucking table. Yeah, no, that seems perfectly reasonable.” 

He leaned in a little and spoke softly. “Steven, I really think that…” 

I could feel my anger bubbling, quietly seething beneath the surface. “Fine, I came here because you and Mum decided that I was better off being so stupid that Velcro shoes were considered a challenge. Apparently I was *such* a risk that there was no other choice in case the big bad guys got their hands on me. So when I finally got my mind back I decided to come and see what all the fuss was all about with these guys and if it needed it, I decided to fuck it up.” 

He looked at me with his curly smile twitching for a few moments and then slowly began to chuckle. “Yes, I can understand that, I suppose from your point of view that *would* make sense.”

Cold rage flushed through me for a moment, a mixture of adrenaline and hatred. My voice caught and so I forced myself to speak slowly and evenly. “Don’t condescend to me father. I do not like that.” 

He either didn’t hear or didn’t care. “Steven, it seems that you’re a lot more like your old man than either of us thought.” He paused. “Look, I’m going to let you up, but you have to promise to behave alright? I’m going to explain everything if you’ll just give me a chance.” 

I smiled a bright, somewhat fixed, smile. “Yes father. I will behave.” 

Again, whether it was arrogance or ignorance, he ignored the tone in my voice that I struggled to hide and a moment later I felt him fumbling with the straps at my feet and then my hands. As soon as one hand was free I reached up and pulled off my head strap and then sat up on the slab. 

I had only been able to see the ceiling above me, but now I was able to look around at the rest of the room. I had been strapped to the furthest right of four slabs, which had been set up, in what appeared to be some sort of a control room. 

To my left the other four slabs held Claire, the Underwarrior and finally the Sergeant/Danny hybrid, all strapped down, but also unconscious, drips feeding into their arms. I looked down and saw the tell-tale mark on my wrist where I too had been connected to a drip. I wondered for a moment how long I had been unconscious. 

The room was white and a bank of controls lined the wall opposite; the flickering lights and LCD displays were the only colour in the room. On the same wall as the controls was a long window, which ran the length of the room, but the room beyond the window was lower and from where I sat I could see nothing but the white walls. 

The only exit to the room was at my far left, a door which was blocked by a burly looking guard. He kept a close eye on me as I tried to push up from the slab and found that my balance was still off and sat down again heavily. 

My head swam for a moment with a chemical fuzz and I rubbed at my eyes and again felt the cold metal of the halo which pressed into my head. This time it was fixed firmly into my skull and as I pulled at it, a wave of nausea pulsed through me. It was not coming off easily. 

My dad had taken the chance to move across the room and tap at a few controls before sitting on a chair and swivelling round to face me. He met my eye for a moment and then looked away and sighed. His body language and expression seemed full of sorrow and regret, but without being able to read his mind directly, it was hard to know what was genuine. 

“Steven, I’m truly sorry for what your mother and I did and I want you to know that if there had been *any* other choice then we would have taken it. We didn’t know what we were getting into when we agreed to have you and by the time that we did, all we could do was to ensure that you didn’t fall into the wrong hands – you were too powerful to allow it. We just wanted our little boy.” 

I nodded. “Yeah, I’ve heard that before.” I looked around. “You seem to be doing okay though.” 

He smiled thinly. “Look, I know it might seem unfair, but everything I have done since you were born was to try to help you and everyone else. When I started to look into what they wanted you for it set me onto the larger truth. I began investigating everything and although it took me years, I finally found the core of their secret.” He held wide his hands. “All this.”  

“I knew that they were trying to make more powerful heroes, but I didn’t know why. I looked for an answer and found that all of the heroes, all of the villains, all of it was a sham, a control system put in place to keep normal people and governments occupied and scared. I just… I couldn’t believe it, I had to do something.” 

“Yes.” I interrupted. “That’s pretty much exactly what I told you I was here to do.”

He smiled slyly. “Yes Steven, but remember that I learned about all this *years* ago. That’s why I had to leave you and your mother, in order to put a stop to it.” 

There was a pause. “Riiiight.” I tried to find the right phrasing. “But you don’t seem to have *actually* stopped it, in that it’s still ongoing.” 

“No, it’s not Steven. The fight that you came looking for already happened years ago and the good guys won. We beat them! We found a shadowy group with no accountability that used the heroes to further their own ends and we stopped them son.

“It wasn’t easy, between myself, Galactico and Sergeant Force and a few others, we were able to skip between dimensions, uncover their facilities and ultimately we beat them.” He smiled and leaned back. “You see, what you came to do has already been done, it’s already over.” 

I waited another moment. “Right, but again, it doesn’t really seem like much has changed…” 

He stood, walked over and put his hand on my shoulder. “Son, you have to trust me when I tell you that *everything* has changed. Before it was a secret group who were using people with powers to do what they wanted, now it’s completely different.” His eyes shone with earnest fervour. “Once we had defeated them we found that the system was impossible to remove without terrible risk. If we’d simply pulled the plug on everything then it was impossible to tell what would happen to the world.” 

I tried to keep my waxy smile fixed. “So you guys took over so that the power would only be in your hands, not in the hands of those who wanted to misuse it.”

His eyes were wide and a little creepy. “*Yes*, exactly, we saved the world and found that once it was safe we had to keep it running. Who better to make sure that everyone was looked after than those with the powers themselves? This way we could *never* be corrupted and *never* lose sight of the reality of the situation.” 

I nodded. “Sure, sure and I guess you had to keep the whole ‘good guy to bad guy’ turnover in place to keep it authentic. Keep all those ‘bad’ guys under your control so the system still worked.” 

A note of hostility crept into his eyes as he regarded me. “We had to keep that going as it was part of the system Steven. We didn’t *want* to have to make some of the decisions we made, but they were made for the right reasons, not to because some bureaucrat dictated it. 

He stood and walked over to the controls again and this time I followed, my balance good enough to let me stand. As I came closer I could see through the window and down into the room beyond and I finally saw where all the heroes were. Each was strapped to a bench, a drip running into their wrist at one side and a pair of electrodes running from their temples off to the other side and into a box.  

He gazed over the ranks of unconscious heroes and turned to me, smiling. “We’re making the world a better place.” He turned back to the window again and I felt a cold sickness growing. “The good guys won.” 

*****

I’m back! Still only about 50% but my brain is slowly working again and so of course writing is my top priority. I’m not sure if I’ll be back to a post every single night this week, but hopefully most from now on. 

Thank you for all the nice messages and stuff, sorry for the week off – now let’s get this story back on track!I considered for a moment. “Why should I believe you over what I already know?” 

He mulled it over and then finally shrugged. “I have little proof, but I can make you a deal? In thirty years you are the first person I have ever known to be able to break into this realm and retain your powers even while wearing a halo.” I didn’t correct him. “I will tell you everything I know, you may ask me anything and I will answer honestly. At the end, if you believe me, all I ask is that you do what you can to help us.” 

I searched his eyes for deception. “And if I don’t believe you, or don’t want to help?” 

He shrugged again. “Then neither of us is any better or worse than we began the day.” 

I looked back at where I still held Calvin pressed to the floor and relaxed my grip, allowing him move again. “If you try that again while we are speaking then I’ll put you *through* the wall, do you understand?” He nodded and pulled himself to a sitting position. 

A wry grin whispered across Adam’s lips. “It is rare that I have seen Calvin agree to a deal whose terms he did not make. So we have a deal?” 

What harm could it do? “We have a deal.” 

He nodded, pleased. “To understand the whole story, I am afraid that we need to go back quite far, but I promise you that this is all relevant to where we are today.”  He seemed to be waiting for me to agree and as I did he inclined his head in thanks. 

“To look at me I am a man, but I am not, I am something else. The story begins after the second world war when the American army found and confiscated a large amount of German research that had been done into the limits of the human body. They had done things that were…  unforgivable and in return they had found nothing. It took the American’s some time to even understand what they had been looking for, as their mission was more fairy tale than reality, they were looking to create a better man.”

A sinister feeling gripped the back of my neck. “You were created out of that work?” 

He was looking down. “Not exactly. The Germans had gone so far, but their work lacked… ability. It was only their concepts that were interesting, not their work, but the American Government was inspired and began a new project. Much as they had pooled their talent to complete the Manhattan Project, this was to be named the Eden Project.”

“It was a time when many secrets were being held, but this was the largest of them all. They began again, looking for the same thing as the Germans, but with the advantage of far greater resources. It was not easy, but they had the greatest minds in science working together and in 1951 they had found a combination of treatments and irradiations that they believed would work. They held the means to make a new and better man.” 

I breathed out “But what of the old stories, they always say that Hercules and Merlin were just powers that were born long before their time.” 

“Ha!” His laugh bounced around the room mirthlessly. “Those stories gave legitimacy to the lie that these powers could come from nothing and that anyone could receive them.” 

I was trying to follow. “So they *don’t* occur naturally?”  

Adam held up a hand. “We’re getting ahead of the story.” He adjusted himself on the seat. “I was born in 1951, but I was born a human, like any other child. They needed a strong template to begin the process of transformation and I was the one they chose. Adam to come from Eden, it must have had seemed preordained.”   

“They used everything they had learned to change me, destroying what I had the potential to be and replacing it with their own design. They wanted to make me an improvement on mankind, thinking that this would be the way to push us forward to the next step. I like to believe that it was born from some sort of misguided hope for the future, that they were building with optimism and not that they were trying to make a weapon, but when they saw what I had become…”  

Adam pushed himself to his feet and walked a few paces away, stretching out his legs stiffly.  “Have you seen the footage of my first appearance?” 

I nodded. “1969, you saved the Apollo 11 Mission when they came in too fast from their moon mission and ricocheted off the atmosphere back into space. They use the photo of you carrying the capsule to down to earth on everything from birthday cards to toothpaste adverts.” 

He turned back to me. “When I was six they locked me into a steel cage and dropped me into a river. When I was eight they would make me run until I fell to the ground exhausted and then force me back to my feet again and again. They drilled me with tactics and propaganda, never letting me think for myself, never letting me know any other life. When at 12 I began to fly and the President came to see me move around an aircraft hanger. He told me that I was going to change the world.” 

“They quickly realised that with my abilities America would no longer need to fear Soviet nuclear weapons. They tested me over and over again and I was able to catch each missile they sent me after, to me it was a game, but in their eyes I was so much more. There was only one small problem; they could not replicate the process by which they had created me. Each time they tried, they simply had another dead baby.”

“It seemed for a while that I would be unique, but of course mans ingenuity is endless and what has been done once will always be done again. I was thirteen when they finally had their next breakthrough and they learned how to  replicate their success with me and almost overnight they had a dozen or so babies all following in my footsteps. “

Adam sat back down in his chair and took a swig from his cup and I picked up my own cup that had been sitting by my chair. The liquid tasted bitter, but not unpleasant. “So they learned how to replicate your powers?” 

He reached over and poured some more of the root alcohol into his cup. “No, not exactly. They would discover that there was too much variability among children to guarantee the strength of their powers and so some would come near my level, but others…” 

I thought back to the tier 3 and 4’s I had seen at HeroFest. “So that’s what they do to make new heroes?” 

He ignored my question, determined to tell his history as he chose. “I was eighteen when Apollo 11 went off course and it was too important to them that it be saved. The moon landing had been a huge victory over the Soviets and the men on board *had* to return safely to earth. There was a rocket fuelled in Siberia waiting to launch and it would have been in the air that night if they had not got home.” 

I adjusted myself on the uncomfortable seat. “So they sent you?”  

Adam nodded “I remember the flight up into the atmosphere was higher than I had flown before and I had to go out into space to catch them and pull them back. I had no idea if I could hold my breath that long, but I managed, somehow.”  

A small smile crept across Adam’s face. “They were strapped into their seats, ready to die, when I knocked on the window. I remember seeing an interview with them years later and one said that he assumed I was an angel come to meet them. I didn’t think about where we would land and so I simply went down and chose the first space I saw. I landed in New York, in their large park and opened the capsule, but instead of cheering the astronauts they cheered *me*!”

He paused for a moment. “Of course once I had been revealed there was no going back. Every paper in the world had me on the front cover and as they accepted I was not a hoax the question turned to what was next. 

“It took a few months, but eventually the Soviets approached the American government to build bridges. I recall how even it all seemed, but they all knew the truth, I had changed the game.  They had stolen the nuclear bomb, but they could not steal me.” 

I took another sip of the drink. “They signed the peace accords soon after, right?” 

“They had no choice, America had a man who could fly and catch space ships in his hands, and only a fool would stand against that.  For the Americans though, they watched as the simple fear of what I could do caused their greatest threat to give in, or at least sign agreements and treaties that before it would have rejected out of hand. I believe that is when they decided how they could use their heroes to their best benefit.” 

I considered interrupting to ask what he meant, but he seemed likely to ignore me again and after a moment he continued. “They had trained me as a soldier, but now I was something else. People wanted to see me, to believe what the papers told them. They even had me fly to Moscow with Nixon so that they could see me in person – I had become a deterrent.”

“At first I was treated like a god and it was terrifying to me more than anyone. People would throw themselves from buildings in the hope I was nearby, just to meet me, but it was impossible and I felt such guilt when I heard the stories. For a while I had turned from soldier to a symbol of peace, but it couldn’t last.”

“I was built to be a soldier and with the war I Vietnam turned against American forces, they sent me across to try to turn the tide. I fought as best I could, but it was no use and soon after we pulled out in humiliation. It had changed things though, I was no longer about peace, I was another symbol of the bloodthirsty government and the people turned against me. 

Adam sighed. “They saw how effective it had been when I was beloved and they wanted to get that back, but no matter what I did it was never enough to make people love me again. At last they decided that if they wanted people to love me, then there needed to be a threat great enough so that they would be afraid and I could save them. But who could be a threat to me?”The Commander patted me on the shoulder, flashing me a smile before he walked away and his face fixed into a scowl. I could hear him snapping at the guards to work faster and I could only wonder what would happen once they had completed their task. 

For the first time no eyes seemed to be directly on me and I began to wonder if this was my opportunity to try to slip away. Perhaps I could get out, past the guards and then… what? Get back to my real body?

The truth was that so far I had found nothing and until I had some idea what was going on, I needed to stay and play along. For now all I could do was watch the line of heroes as it filed forward and halos were placed on heads. 

Most of the faces and costumes I didn’t recognise, but occasionally a familiar one would move past me. I watched as the Secret Sword, Giant Revenger and Ultimate Peace all accepted a halo with no sign of resistance. Then, at last, the members of the Justice Crew appeared in the line and received theirs too. I half expected them to break away, but they made no more protest than anyone else.  

I had been so focussed on the Justice Crew walking past that I had missed the guard coming up behind me and it was only as he placed the halo above my head that I became aware what was happening. He reached down to his side and began to pull loose his baton and I had only moments to decide on my plan.  

If he activated the halo then even if it was non-control, as the Commander had indicated, it would likely block my psychic connection, so I needed to do something, either physical or with my mind.   

With only seconds to try it, I pulled my mind up and out of the Sergeant’s head, not all the way, but just a little. It felt like I was prying away a plaster that was stuck to skin, but I only wanted it to come off so far. I just needed a little slack and in a last ditch effort I gathered what little of my mind I had been able to free and pushed out towards the guard. 

I pierced his mind low down and found myself behind the guard’s eyes, watching his hand as it reached up with the baton to my head. At the same time, my other eyes watched the same scene from inside the Sergeant’s head. My mind laced across both heads and my vision blurred as I tried to make sense of both sides of the scene at once. In panic I did what I could to protect myself and yanked at anything I could grasp and blessedly the guard froze as I grabbed his spinal cord and held on tight.  

My actions in his head seemed dull and lagging, but I was familiar enough with being inside a mind now that I could reach around inside the guards head and find his memory banks by touch alone. I found the last five minutes of his life and yanked it loose, hoping that it would take any memory of seeing me with it. 

As soon as I had his memories in my grasp I pulled back and with a last act I touched his frontal lobe and left a single though. *‘I want to go home right now.’*

I found myself back in the Sergeant’s head, almost relived to find myself only now split between two bodies and not three. Before I could even examine the memories I had brought with me, the guard suddenly turned and without a backwards glance he walked quickly away. I tried not to smile. 

I took just a moment to come up with a plan, but I was mindful that I was now, once again, standing with no one around. However, this time I had a halo, even if it was floating over my head instead of attaching properly to my skull.  

I opened my hand and examined the memory I had pulled and found it showed him going to a nearby room where the halos were all stored. If there was anywhere that I could find to allowed me to wear the halo and not lock my mind out, then it would be there. I followed his memory, trusting it to guide me.   

The room was narrow and on either side the wall was covered in wires and plastic connection terminals, some of which had halos plugged in with flickering red and green LEDs. At the far end was a computer and I moved to it quickly and hit the power button.  

There was a docking holder on the front of the computer and so I reached up and pulled down my halo from where it was floating above my head and slid it in. As soon as the halo connected, the screen lit up and I was faced with three options. 
  
1) Activate in control mode.   
2) Activate in non control mode.   
3) Maintenance   
  
Fuck; while I could guess, I didn’t want to risk choosing the wrong option. I scanned around the room and after a moment found a folder with some loose notes in it. I opened it and quickly began to read. 

“Welcome and congratulations on the purchase of a Model X34F halo control system from…” I flicked the page and kept going until I found what I needed, the options menu. 

Reading through quickly, I hesitantly pressed 3 and a new screen appeared. 
  
1) Restore from last safe point.   
2) Passive connection mode  
3) Cleaning mode  
4) Homing beacon  
  
I read over the page twice to check I had understood and then pressed option 2. The computer hummed for a moment and then the docking station light came on and I was able to pull the halo free. 

I let go and was impressed to see that it hovered in mid air where I left it. If I was right this would allow me to wear it without it being active, if wrong, then I was a bit fucked, but what choice did I have left? I held it above my head and let go. It floated for a moment and then snapped down into the connectors that were presumably connected to the Sergeant’s skull, I could feel it clip into place. I cautiously tried to move and was relieved to find that I was still in control.

With that, at least, on my side, I headed back into the main hanger. My thoughts now turned to the Commander; who was he and why had he pulled the Sergeant out of line for special treatment? 

“*He’s my friend.*” The whisper was husky and low and I turned my attention inwards

The Sergeant had slunk back into his brain and had been watching through his eyes, keeping far enough back to not get in my way. As soon as he sensed my attention turn to him, he slunk back and tried to make his way back into the olfactory bulb, where he had been hiding. 

He didn’t move quickly enough though and I caught him and dragged him into his cerebral contex and pinned him against the side of his skull. “Who is he Sarge? What do you know?” 

He squirmed and tried to get away from me. “I don’t know anything, let me alone!” 

There wasn’t much of his mind left, just a rusty brown glow which hardly seemed worth being called life, but it was still there. I had pulled him apart and left only a pitiful scrap of the man who had once been and that scrap was nearly useless. Nearly useless wasn’t the same as *completely* useless though, as he obviously still had access to *some* information in his head, he just didn’t want to share. 

I pressed in around him, surrounding him on all sides and squeezing him into a small ball. “Tell me what you know Sarge, tell me everything!” 

I could feel shudders across his mind as he compressed smaller. At last the whisper came, sharp and sudden. “He’s waiting upstairs, always with a plan but he’ll want to know, oh yes. He always asks.” 

That was cryptic, but it was hard to know if it was deliberate or not. I eased the pressure on him a little and before I could question further he slipped past me and fled back to the olfactory bulb; I let him go. His mind was too fragmented to be forced into helping and I needed answers faster than I could pull them from him 

I looked around and on the far side of the room I saw a single staircase leading up the wall and I headed towards it. The Sarge had said “up” and perhaps that was where the controller platform was located. Maybe I would find some answers up there, but if all else failed then I could at least make the Sergeant have a convenient ‘accidental fall’ and retreat to my own body. 

I glanced across and saw that the last of the heroes was beginning to have their halos fitted; whatever was to happen next would surely begin soon. I moved quickly to the stairs and made my way up to the top and looked out for a moment over the floor below me and saw the ranks of heroes waiting quietly. It somehow didn’t seem like anything good was going to happen to them. 

Behind the door was a small, cold room with machinery lining the walls. To one side of the door stood the Commander, watching a monitor as the heroes had their halo’s attached, but it was the centre of the room I looked towards. 

Galactico sat on a chair, his face now pale and drawn and his hands fallen down by his sides. His eyes were still tightly screwed shut and sweat beaded on his brow and dripped down his face. 

The Commander had glanced across to see me as I came in, but looked back quickly to the monitor, as the last few heroes had their halos fitted and walked away to line up. 

He spun on his heel. “That’s it. That’s them all, you can relax.” 

Nothing happened for a moment and then Galactico threw his head back and sucked in a massive gulp of air and then threw himself forward, falling off the chair onto his knees and coughing violently. This continued for a minute or so, until he finally recovered enough to sit again.  

His bright blue eyes finally awoke and scanned the room before fixing onto me, looking through me with his piercing and disconcerting gaze. He smiled. “Hello there.”For a while we sat, not talking, just sitting side by side. It was fascinating to watch the little changes that had occurred in his mind. His memories of his early life had been bound up into an origin story, but as memories came back, that began to crumble. Slowly he was beginning to recall who he really was. 

“Please, I need to remember her.” I watched as his mind as it scrabbled at the hole where the memory had been. It was trying to pull the fragments together, as you might with a dream that was fading in the morning, but there was nothing there to hold onto.  

I waited until at last his mind calmed and he looked up again. “Kevin, you were taken from your life as a child, forced into a programme you did not choose to join and subjected to forces you could not understand.” 

I could see his mind taking my words in. “At the end of all that, they judged you barely worthy of being called super powered – a tier four, essentially a failure. It wasn’t your powers that made them pay attention, it was your intelligence and that had nothing to do with them.” 

He smiled vaguely. “I hacked the computer mainframe and changed my results to show I was a Tier 1.” His smile grew a little. “I should have gone for Tier 3, they might have believed that.”   

“If you had been left alone you could have been so much more than you are. You had the potential to be almost anything you wanted to be, but they stuck you in a costume, using your natural born intelligence to fight against men in spandex. You could have done something that *mattered*” 

I felt a surge of anger from him and let it come, I couldn’t force him to reach the conclusion I was after, but I could guide him. “I am a *hero*.” His eyes narrowed. “I protect people from harm and what difference does it make it I use my powers or my intelligence?” 

I shrugged. “To me? None. If you are happy with what they made you, then that’s fine. I just thought that you might want to be more than a side-show to the real world.”

His anger flared again, but not as brightly this time. He was thinking of his childhood and the endless tests that had been run on him. He had been forced into the limelight, declared the first of a new breed of heroes, the super intelligent. He’d been told over and over again that this was his destiny, this was his only choice. 

Now he saw another choice and it appealed to him. I may have held both the carrot and the stick but he had made up his mind on his own. I felt his decision before he said it and had to turn my head a little so he couldn’t see my smile. 

He looked down at the long red cloak he wore and flicked it angrily. “I didn’t… they never gave me a choice, they just took my life and used it as they wanted. It’s so… so…” I could feel the anger and frustration bubbling. “It’s so *unfair*”. 

I closed my eyes, drinking in the anger and anguish, now solely directed at those who had manipulated his life up. I gently increased the pressure on his dopaminergic neurons and a trickle of dopamine began to spread across his mind. It reinforced and entrenched his feelings and in moments I could feel the start of a whole new wave of anger and this was the one I had been waiting for.  

I leaned in closer again. “If you help me then you can still have the life that you deserve.” 

A pang of worry cut through his thoughts, almost surprising, but he had a core of underlying decency. “I won’t hurt anyone.” 

I shook my head. “I’m not asking you to, all I’m asking is for you to help me take back the life that you should have had and stop those who seek to use you and others like you as pawns in their game.” 

A few hours ago, what I was asking of him would have been unthinkable, but much had changed since then. A simple memory had brought back enough for him to see past the lies that had been told so often that he had forgotten who he really was. 

He gave a single nod. “What is it you are proposing?” 

I sat back and stretched. “I want to pull the whole system down Kevin; I want to pull it down and burn it and let the real world return. If things are better then great, if worse, well, at least we’re all fucked together.”

He considered it. “Who exactly are we fighting, who do we need to take down to beat the system?” 

It was a fair question. “We’ll find them together.” 

I began to stand but his hand shot out and grabbed my arm. “Can you… will you give the memory of my mother back to me?” 

I gently removed his hand. “I could, but right now, no. It’s for the best this way.” I stood before he could ask me anything else and with a smile, I walked away.  

 *****

The keening whine of the jet engines cut through the cavern, signalling the return of the Justice Jet and the rest of the Crew. We’d had time while we waited to set his leg and put it into a cast. The bones were badly broken, but a fast calcium infusion system was already beginning the repairs and he estimated that in two to three weeks he would be fully healed. 

Max was first in the door and cried out in pleasure as he saw me. “Hey, hey, look everyone Steve’s back!” He grabbed me in a bear hug and the others crowded round. For a moment it felt nice to see him and be surrounded by the greetings, but a moment later I was given a stark reminder of my place in the group. 

Underwarrior limped from the observation post into the main living area, leaning heavily on a crutch and suddenly it was as if I did not exist. Max dropped me and joined the others as they crowded around. 

Lady Amazing moved to his side. “Underwarrior, what fate hath befallen you?”   

His eyes met mine for a moment. “Just a lab accident, it’ll be fine.” Their minds blossomed doubts, but as each arose in their minds I popped them and in a moment the Crew had accepted the unlikely set of events. 

It had been impressive how quickly they had stopped noticing or caring that I was there. I cleared my throat. “Successful mission?” 

Max turned back and with his concern over his team-mate sated he came back and flung his arm around my shoulder. “Not just successful, but our last mission. Well, for now at least.” I raised an eyebrow questioningly. “We got the last of the villains! The lock-up list is complete and that means the mission timer has been set, we leave in…” He checked his watch. “…seventeen hours!”The last fingers of the sunset were slipping past my window as I lay back on my childhood bed and looked up at the ceiling. Years before I had helped my father stick glow-in-the-dark stars across the ceiling, making galaxies and constellations, which began to illuminate as the light slipped from the room. 

How many nights had I lain in this bed and counted the stars, following the patterns across the sky? How many mornings had I woken with a smile, too stupid to even comprehend that my mind had been warped so that I would be *”protected”*. All my life I had been laughed at, mocked or worse *humoured* and had accepted it with a smile, incapable of knowing what was going on. 

I was slowly running through what I could remember of my childhood and revaluating it with my new ability to comprehend the reality of the situation. Some things had come as a shock. The biggest had been realising that I had not gone to College, but I had been enrolled in a class to help people with low abilities get into the workforce. I had always suspected it was unusual for a College to have mandatory snack time in the middle of the day! 

There were so many other small things on which I had missed out. I couldn’t name a single close friend, a single true academic achievement or a single stand out moment of achievement. I had simply stood at the back, smiled, been kind and friendly and let the world take me along where it chose. All the trappings of a normal life had been denied to me, I had never been given a chance.  

My lips curled into a sneer as I lifted my hands above my head and moved back and forth counting each star, framing them with my fingers in turn. Once it had been a trick I used to get to sleep, counting the stars until I was too tired to continue, but now I was able to quickly add them all up without trouble; there were twenty six.  

In a way I could understand the decision that my parents had made, but they had put blinkers on my mind and my mind was *wonderful.* I stretched and flexed it and touched the minds of everyone for three blocks in every direction. Nearly two hundred minds and I watched them all and then, just for a moment, two hundred people held their breath without knowing why. 

I could keep it like this until they began to pass out if I liked, hell I could have them all walk into *traffic* if I really wanted. I released them and they returned to their lives and ignored what had just happened. If only I could move on so easily. 

I had considered leaving and going back to the Cavern, but I had come home looking for somewhere to clear my mind and decide my next steps and so far that had eluded me. Besides, back there I was nothing more than their… mascot. 

Another piece of the humiliation clicked into place. They had seen me as worthless and I had resented them for it… but they were right. They should have stuck me in with Super Danny and the League of Mascots even earlier than they had; I had more in common with them than I did the real Justice Crew.  

Each little humiliation hurt and together they could become too much. I turned over on my bed and pushed my face into the pillow until it hurt and then pounded my fist into the mattress. It helped, but not much. I’d had my mind stripped away, my powers withheld and my childhood stolen – was it meant to make it all right if I could be their little pal, their buddy.  The only reason they even cared that much was because they looked at me and clucked their tongue, wondering what might have been if I had been whole. Mum and dad *must* have told their buddies all about it, Underwarrior helping with the Chemisty and the rest sympathising.  

My fist smacked the mattress again and rose for a second blow but paused in mid air; that was *exactly* what they had done. I had been right the first time and they didn’t deserve to be let off, because they *knew* I should have been much more, they should have *helped* me.  

I had assumed that the condescending pity they fawned on me was because they had power and I did not, but it was *worse* than that. They pitied me because they knew I *should* have power but instead I was barely able to tie my shoes. My eyes wandered across to the shoe rack on the far side and the assortment of velcro sneakers that sat there still. A moment later they were orbiting in the thermosphere.  

Finally I began to see the pattern as it crystallised out of what I knew. I had been the subject of a hideous attempt to “protect” me, my parents had decided that I was better as an idiot than to even take the risk that I might be something they didn’t like and all their friends knew and were in on the joke. 

It had all started with that damn voucher for the gym and now even that seemed odd. My uncle had always been nice to me, but a late Christmas gift at the end of February? It was the sort of thing that had made sense to me then, but now? 

I reached out to my mother’s mind, which was in pieces across the ground floor of the house. I’d left her body in the kitchen where she was currently experiencing life with the capabilities of a slug. 

It didn’t take a moment though to gather together the parts of her mind and sort them back into order, shuffling like a deck of cards until they slotted into place and I could look back through her memory. 

It had been March 3rd when I had first gone to the gym and sure enough, just a few days before, I found my uncle in her memory. They’d had lunch and then… then… she’d asked him to take me in, she’d actually *asked* him to look out for me for a bit. 

My anger slowly sank to a white hot burning rage.  I had been passed around like a fucking hot potato, all to protect *their* secrets. Fuck them; I was sick of being someone else’s pawn. 

I scattered my Mum’s mind again, making sure to leave enough to keep her alive and breathing, then rolled onto my back to look up at the stars. 

*****

A little short tonight, but I wanted to get something up. Midway through the week - hope you're having a good one.As I stepped through the portal it sizzled to a close behind me and I found myself grabbed roughly and dragged forward. I had grown used to my mind holding itself steady against the psychic buffeting of the other dimension and to be constantly straining for any contact. Suddenly I was flooded with noise and emotion. My mind lurched back and forth as it tried to steady itself and I staggered, disorientated for a moment.  

The hands pulling me forward had now pushed me to one side and by the time I pulled my mind back and was able to look around, I found myself with a guard holding me up on either side. They walked me forward towards the nearest wall. I reached out to their minds, to see where they were taking me, but before I could even dip in, they pushed me gently into a chair and then turned and walked away. 

A face loomed in front of me with a somewhat gormless grin. It was not a particularly nice face, it was probably best described as homely, although not necessarily one that you would want in your own home. However, it was not in any way threatening or hostile. 

“”Y’all right mate?” he grinned. “Portal can take you funny like that, I’ve seen it happen to a couple of blokes, but you looked well weird when you came through.” I opened my mouth to reply, but he didn’t wait for me to say anything. “Cor, yeah, it can be pretty weird coming through that thing, but not as weird as the other side eh?” He laughed. Although I wasn’t sure at what and I took the chance to look around. 

The trucks that had been lined up with prisoners were all gone and I wondered if the prisoners had made it through before they had closed the portal. Certainly some of the guards had been left on the other side and I wondered why it had been such a rush. On this side the hurry seemed to be continuing, as men ran back and forth. 

Apart from the trucks being gone, the most obvious difference was the absence of the throbbing pressure, which had flooded the room while the portal was lit. The electric coils were silent and without the swirling portal film, that had so dominated the room before, your eyes were drawn to the sheer size of the building. It stretched away on either side and could have easily been for building planes. The vast hanger was abuzz with activity at every level, as men swept and washed the floor and others began carrying in crates through the huge doors and setting up equipment. 

My new friend seemed satisfied that I was able to be trusted to sit without his face four inches from mine and so sat down beside me. I made to stand but he quickly put a hand on my arm and waved me back down. 

“Not too quick mate. Sarge told me to take you to the side and make sure you were alright after you took that funny turn, if we get back up again then he’ll only put us back to work.” He grinned at me happily and the easiest thing seemed to be just to ease myself back onto the seat. He stuck out a hand. “I’m Rodger.” 

His shake was somewhat limp. “Steve. I just started.” 

He laughed again. Rodger seemed to find most things funny. “I can tell mate, I can tell.” He cupped his hands and as if by magic a small ratty hand rolled cigarette appeared; after looking back and forth to make sure no one was listening he lit it and leaned back and breathed smoke out of his nose.    

For a moment we sat side by side, until I broke the silent. “Soooo, what’s all the action going on?” 

Rodger looked around, as if seeing the men rushing back and forth wheeling crates and equipment for the first time. He sucked air in through his teeth. “Weeeeell, could be a lotta things really. Probably just some VIP visit, they always get like this when someone important rolls around.” I rummaged through his mind, he had no idea and neither did any of the others. 

I watched as two men assembled a set of shelves along the far wall and another man brought out boxes filled with beakers and test tubes, that he carefully arranged on shelves that had already been assembled. I pointed to them. “Looks like they’re building a laboratory or something?” 

He nodded gently. “Suppose so.” I stood and this time he didn’t try and stop me. I needed to find someone who actually knew what was going on here, it all seemed… strange. 

I leaned in to Rodger. “Do you know where I can find the officers? I’ like to, uh, *ask* them a few questions about what’s going on.”   

Rodger looked horrified, took a last drag, dropped the butt and crushed it “I’m not really one for speaking to officers Steve, they always want you to be doing something. He shook his head and began to back away, obviously upset that I seemed to be actively *looking* for work. 

As soon as he was gone I made for the nearest exit, letting my mind drift out and feel for anyone who might be curious about me. There was nothing and in moments I had passed through the door and made my way out into the base proper. 

It was cold, late at night and I was tired again. It seemed like a long time since I had slept in the officer barracks and even longer since I had a proper meal. For a moment I wondered if the Colonel was still asleep in a ball by his bed. I had no desire to stay here, I needed to go somewhere to think for a while, to plan out my next step. 


*****  
END OF CHAPTER  
*****  

It had taken most of the night to drive back to my childhood home, but thankfully the nice man who had stopped to pick me up while hitchhiking had also just *insisted* that he drive me as far as I wanted to go.  I’d even been able to get some sleep and had awoken just as he’d pulled into the street I grew up on.   

The old house looked just the same but it was a little less well kept. As a kid I’d earned my pocket money by mowing the lawn and trimming the hedges and it looked like a good while since anyone had done either.  I stepped out and waved away my driver, vaguely aware that I had made him drive 500 miles out of his way and hadn’t even asked his name. 

How strange it was to be on this street. I could feel the minds all around me, both familiar and exotic, as I sampled their minds for the first time. All the neighbours and people I had known growing up were still here; Mrs Miggins at number 6 was fussing over her cats with Mr Calisle at number 8 was working on a model train layout, he said for his grandson, but his wife didn’t believe him for a second. A dozen more were scattered around, people from my past, my childhood. 

I wondered if I should have called, but until this moment it hadn’t occurred to me that it might not be a good time for my mum. After all, it had been months since I saw her last. I walked slowly up the garden path and put my hand on the doorknob before reconsidering and ringing the bell. 

I heard it jangle through the house and a moment later came the familiar sound of my mother’s voice. “Come in, the door’s open.” 

I pushed in and was immediately assaulted by nostalgia. Photos were everywhere of my childhood and the three of us in various poses. It made me smile and I called out to her with a laugh. “Hey Ma, it’s me, I’m home!” 

There was a moment’s pause and then her voice came back, high pitched with excitement. “Stevie?” 

Her head poked out of the kitchen door and then suddenly she was on me, holding me tight and rocking me back and forth. It took nearly ten minutes to calm her down enough to get back into the kitchen and I put on the kettle for a brew. 

“What are you doing back my dear?” She fussed around the kitchen finding biscuits and the good china. 

I watched her buzz back and forth. “I just… I needed some time to think and this seemed like a good place to come. I needed to get my head on straight” 

She stopped, pinched my cheek and smiled. “You’re always welcome, of course, you’re my baby. Now tell me, what’s bothering you. You can always tell me *anything* and I’ll be honest with you.”  

The hypocrisy jangled and I couldn’t help biting back. “So you’d never lie to me?” 

She turned, hands on hips. “I would *never* lie to you!” She turned back to the countertop and started to arrange the biscuits on a plate. 

I stepped forward, so I could see her face. “So you would never lie about being The Amazing Expanding Woman.” To her credit her pause was almost imperceptible, but I’d been monitoring her mind and her stress levels went through the roof. It would have been possible to simply take the knowledge from her mind, but it was my mother and that seemed… wrong. 

“I don’t know what you mean dear.” She half turned and smiled at me. 

I nodded along. “What about the fact that Dad isn’t dead?” 

An eyebrow flinched. “Oh, didn’t I mention that?” 

“And that you and Dad stripped me of my powers.” She didn’t answer. I hadn’t been necessarily intending to reveal this much to my mother, but the moment had got away from me.

She smiled a bright thin smile. “You have to understand Steve, that we made a decision that we…” 

 “I got them though.” 

She stopped and met me eye. “Oh I just fucking knew it, you just seemed weird when you came in.” 

“Hey.” I protested weakly. 

She had an angry look in her eye. “Who told you? Was it Underwarrior?”  

I reached out to her and took her hand. “How could you have done that to me Mum, *why* did you do it? 

She reached up and placed her hand alongside my face. “Oh my poor boy, you should have just stayed a half-wit, now what will happen.” 

I brushed her hand off. “I wasn’t *stupid* mother. You just hid the truth from me.” 

She sighed. “No, Steve, you really were.” She insisted we wait for the tea before we continued and when it arrived she offered me a biscuit. “Steve, what you have to understand is that we didn’t know any better at the time. We were young heroes, idealistic, patriotic and naive.”  

I dunked my digestive in my tea and took a bite before it got too soggy. “What did you *do*?” 

She sighed again. “We made a poor deal.”The Commander, Pete, put the radio on the desk in front of me and then moved back to the control panel. He stabbed at buttons and adjusted dials while muttering quietly to himself about frequency variance. As he was paying no attention, I moved in closer to the screen and focussed on the girl. She had flattened herself down and as I watched she began to crawl across the ground, keeping out of sight of the path. 

Could it really be the girl from the HeroFest? If it was then why did I care? It *shouldn’t* matter to me… but now I couldn’t help but hope that it *was* her. I had to genuinely question myself if I was really so desperate as to fixate on a girl I had met months ago. She *did* have an interesting mind, but was that enough? 

I took stock of my life up until this point and realised that until fairly recently, things like meeting a nice girl and having a relationship had barely occurred to me. It was just another thing that had been taken from me with my mind suppression and I had a yearning to make a connection with someone - with her.  

I watched carefully until I got a glimpse of her face, then felt a thrill as I was finally sure, it was the same girl. What was she *doing* here though and why was she sneaking around? I glanced over, Pete was concentrating on the dials. “What’s the deal with this girl?”  

He frowned, annoyed as his concentration was broken. “No idea, trespasser I guess. The guards will find her pretty quick so long as you keep an eye on the monitors, just let them know if she gets out of the sector and they’ll find her.” 

I nodded. “Okay, sure.” I picked up the radio and pressed the button. “Security, the girl has moved into Alpha 484.” A confirmation came back immediately and I watched as the guards turned and walked away from her.  

I looked up again to Pete. “What’s the order when they find her?” 

He looked up at me, exasperated. “Kill her of course.  We’ve no idea what her and those mascot kids have seen, better to be safe.”

My heart thumped, but I kept my voice level. “Mascot kids?” 

He let out a frustrated whistle. “Oh yeah, you weren’t here at that point. We caught two earlier; I had them put into a holding cell, but they should be being knocked off…” He glanced at his watch. “…any minute now. They just had to wait to avoid the psychic backlash for Phil’s sake.” 

My adrenaline popped and I felt my knees go weak. ‘*knocked off*’? This little… little *fuck*! He had arranged to have me killed just in case? I shifted in the seat, angling my body away from him as I struggled to keep my face from distorting into fury. I took a slow deep breath and then another and another, until I was back under control. 

I needed to leave, now and get back to my body. Fuck the Sergeant, fuck all of this. If some dipshit guard with a gun put a bullet in my unconscious head then I didn’t want to know what it’d mean for me here in this head. But nothing good I would guess. 

I spun inside my head and grasped for the tendril that led back to me body, but… it was gone. I looked about frantically, trying not to panic. How could it… how could it have gone? For the second time in as many minutes I calmed myself and concentrated; finally something flicked across my vision. There. It was faint, but still connected, the tendril stretched away but shimmered in and out of existence. It was fading and I realised with a lurch how close it was to being completely gone. 

I grasped at it, trying to pull myself free from the Sergeant, but now that I wanted to leave, I found myself stuck here. It had been difficult to pull myself loose from my own body to come here, but then I had been following half my mind, now I had only the smallest part to find my way back. I tried again, but the tendril slipped through my hands, it wasn’t strong enough to use as an anchor to pull me back. 

The chair rattled back and fell as I stood, making Pete look over. “Hey, you okay Mick?” 

I nodded. “Yeah, it’s just…” I tried to come up with a plausible line. “The fucking guards have walked right by that girl twice. I’m gonna go down there and drag her out myself”

He gave me distracted thumbs up. “Good idea, make sure they’ve taken care of the other two as well.” I didn’t answer, but I intended to do just that. 

I hurried out of the door and made my way down to the ground. The girl was almost forgotten, lost in fear for my own life now.  I *had* to get back to the building I was being held in, but what would I find there? 

I reached the bottom of the steps and glanced across to the portal. Electricity arced across to it constantly from the coils around the walls, flicking from one coil to another but always keeping a constant flow of power. A heavy metallic taste had filled the room from the power discharge and it sat heavily, like a constant downward pressure. 

The face of the portal was still lately empty, but flecks of power criss-crossed it, building slowly into a more solid lattice. Occasionally ghostly films seemed to appear for a moment and then faded, as the connection was nearly made and then failed again. 

Through it all the heroes stayed in their lines by the portal, minds zoned out, with halos keeping them passive. It was terrifying that Galactico had been able to hold all of these minds clear of thoughts until they could get the halos on without incident. I thought back to the conference where he had infected the audience with his enthusiasm. What was the limit to power like that?  

All along the back wall was a line of guards, watching quietly and just seeing their massed ranks made me suddenly worry. I needed help and although it would cost me a few minutes, it was surely worth it. I stalked forward and stopped by the guard nearest the ranks of heroes. “You, come.” 

I walked into the rows of heroes, not looking back, but he had followed obediently. Time was short, but I found who I was looking for quickly and stopped in front of the immobile form of the Underwarrior. 

“Remove his halo.” The guard looked from me to the Underwarrior.  “Did I fucking stutter, do it now!” 

The guard shifted uneasily, but did as I bid him and raised his baton to the Underwarrior’s head. A moment later the halo flashed red and floated up off his head, where I snatched it away. He blinked and then looked around, confused. 

“Sarge? What I am doing here, what’s going on?” 

I gestured for the guard to retreat and he moved back a little way. I took Underwarrior by the shoulder and spoke quickly and softly. “Right now I can’t explain, but I am Steve, not the Sarge.” He looked as if he was going to say something, but I held my hand up. 

“I promise that I’ll answer your questions, but for now, please just follow me and trust me.” I could still see the doubt in his eyes. 

“If you *are Steve…” 

“Then I know about your mother.” I interrupted. “And that if you don’t help me now she’ll be gone for good.” His eyes widened in surprise and then he nodded. I found the guard again and addressed him sternly.  “Take us outside, now.” 

We progressed across the floor to the door as quickly as we could go. The Underwarriors leg was badly injured and I had to support him as best I could, but it was tricky. As we reached the door I passed Underwarrior to the guard and watched the two limp through.  

As the door swung shut behind us and clicked closed I hit the guard in the back of the head with a fire extinguisher I had found nearby and he fell heavily to the ground. The Underwarrior jumped back and leaned against the wall as I dragged the guard into some nearby bushes. “Was that really necessary?” 

“Did you see how many there were in there? Did you see what we’re facing? Look, I didn’t kill the guy, but if the guards get onto us then we’re fucked. We didn’t need him reporting us in. 

He looked at me, puzzled. “What are we hurrying for?” 

“Because we have to save a life. Mine.” 

He made no further comment and I slung his arm over my shoulder and we began making our way back out the same way that we had come in. I had noted the camera placements as I went through the footage inside and I now tried to keep to the black spots, but I could only hope that Pete hadn’t finished his job with the portal and decided to check the security footage too closely. 

A little way along the road, we found the discarded crutches that Underwarrior had dropped earlier, they had been kicked to the curb, but otherwise were still intact. With him on crutches we were able to move much more quickly and in just a few minutes we approached the building where I and Danny were hopefully both still alive. 

I was surprised to see no guards nearby, but I still approached the building carefully. Pushing open the door I peeked in and immediately pushed the door wider. There were signs that there had been some sort of a fight and I could see that the door into the room where we had been taken was ripped from the frame and lying on the floor.

I left the Underwarrior behind me and ran to the room, finding a body partially blocking the door that I shoved aside to get in. The room had been destroyed, furniture smashed into pieces and blood splashed everywhere. As well as the man at the door there were two more, who lay on the ground further in. All three looked to be dead. 

The light overhead flickered and in the part gloom I could just see the outline of two figures sitting at the back of the room and walked towards them. As I approached, the one on the left tried to stand, it was Danny, although he was very different to the cheerful boy I had left.  

A wound above his left eye had wept blood down across his face, closing his eye and soaking into his clothing, much of which had been torn in the struggle. Several long gashes were clear, one tracing cruelly down his neck and cutting into his chest, looked particularly deep and painful. 

“Jesus, Danny, it’s me, it’s Steve.” I crouched down beside him and he seemed to relax. I could see now that he had pushed my body behind him as I approached.  

He reached up and touched me face and smiled. “Hey, you made it back.” Then leaned back and closed his right eye for a moment before cracking it open again to watch me. 

I sat down and picked up my own hands from the body behind him and felt the connection as the spark I had left behind recognised the rest of me. It was easy now to let go and feel myself pulled back into myself.  

As I left his body I could see the Sergeant watching me. “It’s your body again now, thank you for letting me borrow it.” He said nothing, but watched me go with a mournful gaze. 

I could feel myself stretch into my body and my mind reclaiming the various parts of my brain one by one, but I had no time to readjust. I sat up and reached my hands out and took Danny’s. The Sergeant stood and stepped away. 

Danny smiled. “Hey you *did* come back.” 

I nodded. “Just take it easy Danny, we’re going to get you some help, you’re going to be fine.” 

His voice was quieter now. “I promised I’d protect you and I did pretty good huh?” 

I smiled and patted his hand. “You did great Danny, thank you.  We’re going to get you out of here and get you sorted, okay?” 

There was silence. His right eye stared out into nothing and his ragged breath had stopped. He was gone.  

***** 

Back on Monday. It's whisky time.EDIT: Actually part 26 - but who's counting eh? 

******

The door clicked closed, but I hardly noticed. “D… Danny? What the fuck are you doing here?” 

I pushed him away from me, but he didn’t seem to mind. He was excited and almost immediately began to chat furiously with some story, but as he did I could feel my mind being pulled away, as Sergeant Force took up more of my concentration. I struggled, trying to be in both places at once and found my brain compartmentalising each part of my mind and trying to hold them in sync; it felt a little like I was going insane. 

I took a moment and breathed deeply a few times and let my mind reorganise itself until I felt that I had a grip on both parts of my mind. I found that I had to hold more tightly to the Sergeant to avoid losing him, as if I let my concentration lapse I found myself slipping out of him. 

I had only been along as a passenger before, but now I took more control, pulling myself into his brain and pushing him to one side. He shuffled over happily, almost as if he was aware that I was marginalising him and happily ceding his body to me. 

Danny was still talking and it was an annoying yammer that I could do without. I considered reaching into his mind and snapping it, but I wasn’t certain that if I entered another mind that I wouldn’t let go of the Sergeant. If I lost him now there was a real chance that he would be impossible to find again in the mass of minds. 

Strange as the sensation was, staying in his head would allow me to see what was happening, while I was here and away from any trouble. If I let him go now then it might be hard to use someone else in such a way. My only problem was to find a way to get Danny to shut up.  

He had paused and it seemed that was expecting some kind of response. I decided to be non committal. “Sure, I guess.” 

His smile threatened to burst off either side of his head. “I knew it, I just knew you would.” 

I regretted my answer. “Wait, what did…?” My voice echoed strangely and I realised that I had spoken with the wrong head. I tried again and this time it was more normal. “What did you ask?” 

He was too excited to hear me, but it was easy to guess from context. “I *knew* you’d decided to be part of the League!” His head bobbed happily. “I said as soon as I saw you that we’d be best buddies!” He walked in a tight circle around the room, yammering to himself. “This is just the *best* day!” 

I held up my hand and mercifully he stopped. “What are you doing here Danny?” 

He tipped his head to the side. “Uh, duuuh, I came to see the launch of the most important mission in *years* Steve.” He snorted with laughter. “I mean, if we’re ever going to make it as heroes, then we need to be learning as much as we can and team ups like this are the best chance we’ve got of learning from the best.” 

He smiled a little sadly and his energy seemed to dip for a moment. “I mean, for me, anyway. You get to see the Crew in action all the time I bet. This must be almost boring for you.” He looked at me, his eyes begging for some kind of confirmation that he was right. 

“Uh, sure I guess.” Somewhere the Sergeant had stopped and I was trying to access his visual cortex to find out why, but Danny kept pulling me back to the room. I needed to concentrate and so almost unconsciously my arm shot out and I grabbed him. “Look Danny, is there a way out of here?” 

He shook his head. “Nope, thick door and guards all over the place. I’ve escaped twice and both times they came out of nowhere and grabbed me. He rubbed his head ruefully. “Whacked me a few times too. I reckon they must have some sort of crazy surveillance system around here keeping an eye on everything.” 

That was not good news. While I was happy enough here for now, later on if I needed to get closer then I’d need to be able to get past the guards. If they caught me immediately then my only option was to fight my way through. Certainly I could take quite a lot of them out, but if there were too many? 

If they hadn’t been wearing halo’s then it might have been possible, but for now it seemed safer to stay here and use the Sergeant as my eyes and ears. When the time came I was sure I could find some way to distract the guards; maybe by setting Danny on fire or something. 

If I was going to do this then I needed to concentrate. It was getting easier to split my mind, but I was barely able to control both bodies at the same time and my senses were blurred and confused. 

I pulled Danny in close and put my finger to his lips. I leaned in close and spoke softly, so he would be forced to listen carefully. “Danny, I need to tell you something, a secret that almost no one knows.”  

Danny had snapped to attention. His eyes were wide with solemn attention. “What, what is it Steve? You can trust me.” 

I dropped my voice still further. “The truth is that there is something going on here, something bad.” His mouth formed into a perfect circle of surprise. “I came to investigate and I need your help.”  

He immediately nodded. “Of course, we need to get out there to stop the bad guys, right?” 

I shook my head. “No, that’s the secret, I’m already out there, psychically investigating.” 

He looked at me a little sceptically. “Er… Steve, I know the personal biographies of over five hundred heroes and not a single one has *any* mind powers.” 

I looked around; on the other side of the room was a desk, on the desk was a vase and in the vase were some flowers. “You see the flowers Danny?” He nodded. “Keep watching.” 

I reached out with my mind to lift the flowers from the vase and float them over to Danny gently. I carefully probed, trying to balance the portion of my mind that was with the Sergeant and what I had here with me. I eased to the flowerpot and found the stem I wanted and then with the greatest of care I tried to move it. 

It was stuck, or at least not wanting to move very easily. It seemed that with my mind already in two places a third was difficult. I pulled, at first gently and then harder, until I was straining my mind to pull the flower towards us, or even a petal. I put every once of my being that was not already stretched across two bodies and put to toward pulling the flower over to me and depositing it in Danny’s hand. 

The table exploded into splinters with a decisive *thrumph* and filled the room with a haze of sawdust. The table, the vase, the flowers and a sizable section of the brick wall behind had all vaporised into dust, which now coated every surface. Danny and I ducked and for a few moments we coughed sawdust until at last the room cleared. 

When I finally looked up I could see that he was looking at me with a mixture of respect and wonder. “Jesum Crackers Steve, you did it. You have *actual* powers.” He shook his head slowly. “And they’re “*AWESOME*.”

Through the sawdust haze I was almost surprised to find that I was still connected to the Sergeant. “Uh, sure.” 

Danny’s mouth hadn’t closed yet. “How did you do it Steve? Ancient magic? Glowing meteor? Mysterious old man in a shop who sold you something and the shop was gone the next day?” I opened my mouth to reply but he had already held up a hand. “No, no, don’t tell me, it’s better if I don’t know.” 

I nodded my head. “Thank you. Now please I need to concentrate if I am to succeed.” 

He took a step back. “Of course, of course. What can I do to help?” 

I wanted to tell him to shut up, but his face was too earnest and excited and it seemed safer to give him a job. “Just… keep me safe while I work okay?” 

His eyes narrowed. “I shall not fail you!” 

I waved him away and he moved to the door and sat down, then pressed his ear up against it. If nothing else he would act as a decent doorstop I supposed.  I moved to the far wall and sat with my back against the wall and finally let my full concentration come to bear on the Sergeant. 

I had been coasting along in his body, letting my eyes and ears automatically follow along with the crowd, but now I took more direct control, easing myself into his body and one by one feeling myself take over his senses. 

I could feel him still there, sitting in a corner of his own mind and watching me, seemingly quite happy for me to be in charge. With a last adjustment I pushed in and felt my mind take the last portion of his control. I closed my real eyes and opened his. 

***** 

Posting a little early as I need to go out tonight. Hope everyone is having a good Monday.I had expected a flurry of activity as the Justice Crew prepared themselves for departure, but instead Ben and Max wandered down to the Gym, while Golden Warrior, Bronze Tiger and the Human Arrow headed for the kitchen to make fajitas. 

Underwarrior had waved away all attention that had been focussed on him and the others had quickly accepted it and left him alone. While he was not a natural leader, his intelligence ensured they rarely questioned his decisions and so he was able to retreat to his laboratory without further questions. I could feel that he was still working through his feelings, but his resolve was not wavering. He was committed, although he didn’t yet quite understand exactly to what. 

In seventeen hours, a little less now, most of earth’s heroes would be departing the planet for some far off war and leaving behind a world that was not just ripe, but positively oozing with opportunity. It was hard to keep the smirk from my face as they left the living area, but it was important to maintain appearances, for now at least. Soon I was left with Lady Amazing and Sergeant Force, who had plonked himself down next to me on one of the couches and was sniffing at the pillows. 

Out of curiosity I took a look and was impressed to see that not only had the Sergeant’s mind managed to keep functioning, despite now lacking a significant portion of its original size, but that in places it had reorganised itself in creative ways to allow him to stay semi-functional. The last time I had worked on his mind, I had concentrated on exploring his long and short term memory, especially how it encoded one to the other. It had proved invaluable to my personal development, but I couldn’t think of any way to thank him that didn’t seem… crass, considering what it had cost him.

As part of my experimentation I had partly blocked the pathway from his short to his long term memory, making it much harder for him to encode and store information. In practical terms it means that he was more likely to forget an experience than remember it, but it had led to an interesting adaptation. 

His sense of smell had managed to link itself directly into his long term memory, creating spikey smell memories instead of the normal more rounded ones that were normally stored. As his short term memory had almost completely stopped bothering to try to encode memories at all, almost every smell that he came across was eagerly held onto by his mind, which was desperate to keep functioning. This had led to his crazed and rather unappealing sniffing. 

I watched his mind as he sank his hand into the soil of a potted plant and lifted it to his face, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. His mind sparked with a dozen smells and each encoded directly into long term memory, wrapped in a blanket of pleasure. His mind *craved* new smell experiences; how *fascinating* this was proving to be. 

I looked up to find that Lady Amazing had been watching him as well. She met my gaze and sadly shook her head before reaching up and pulling off her winged helm and letting brown ringlets of her hair cascade down her back. 

She was not conventionally beautiful but she had a raw animal magnetism that made her seem likable and I couldn’t help but smile at her. She walked across and sat beside me, as the Sergeant picked up and began to sniff at some books on the other side of the room.     

“He is getting worse Steven.” 

“Uh, actually it’s just Steve.” She ignored me and we both watched as the Sergeant wandered away towards training room, sniffing the walls as he went.  

“The others feel that he hath suffered a grievous wound that made him simple and that there mayest be a cure. I fear that this is a wound that shall not heal.” She looked to the sky and snarled. “Curse the cruel fate that hath taken my friend’s mind and made him this creature of woe and sorrow.” 

She certainly had the accent down well, I wondered if she had been trained in it, or if somehow she had been raised to speak like that. I gave a tight, non-committal smile. “If you’re that worried then why not talk to Ben, or Max?” 

She threw back her head, laughed and for just a moment her voice lost its hard edge and she sounded normal. When she turned back to me her voice had resumed its normal tone. “Doth thou think I hath not tried? I have entreated them several times, but they do not wish to discuss it. They say it is an enchant, or disease that will pass in time, but I do not think that it is so.” 

I nodded. “I’m not sure if I’ll be able to persuade them any better to be honest, I think they respect your opinion more than…” 

She burst out laughing, clearly at my words and it stung a little. “Nay, nay Steven, that I do not ask. I only sought to sit and speak with you a little while as you are… a more basic man.” 

I kept my smile on, bright and clear. “It’s *Steve* and sure thing, I don’t like to judge folks. I just keep it simple.” It almost hurt to not to let a sarcastic edge come through in my voice, but she seemed to take my words at face value. 

“They cannot see that their friend hath lost his mind and though they bring him to combat, he hath not been able to engage for some time. When we depart on the morrow it will be too dangerous for him to join us and so it will be your burden to ensure he is safe until we return.” 

Somewhere in the training room I could hear the sound of the laser defence grid repeatedly shocking something. It seemed like he might struggle to make it through the next seventeen hours at this rate. 

I shrugged. “Sure, I’ll look after him.” I was sure I could find a box for him somewhere. 

She smiled. “Thank thee Steven, he is dear to my heart, he was one of the men who found me when I was but a girl and had lost my tribe. He trained and inducted me into this very Crew” 

I had heard her stories before; she was the last member of her all female tribe and absorbed the souls of millions of her ancestors. This somehow enabled her to fire beams from a crystal on her forehead and kick really high while wearing a leather mini-skirt, or something along those lines anyway. 

I had looked into her mind in the past, but after my success with Underwarrior, I had realised that I needed to go back further into the long term memory in order to find the truth of who she really was. I flicked through and to my surprise found that there was indeed an early memory she had with the Sergeant. 

It was not, of course, anything to do with any ancestors, but back when she was a girl and being taught to use her powers. The Sergeant was there, helping her and standing by her side as she used a block of quartz to focus her mind into a beam of energy and cheering her as she succeeded. I looked for more, but much of her early memory was faded and lost and so I pulled that memory forward and without realising I had pulled it loose and into myself. 

Was he training her and if so, was he more connected than I had imagined? Until now I had found no one who was an actual part of the early lives of the powered individuals, but could the Sergeant be the key to finding who was behind everything?

I reached out, a little excited and found him, half conscious on the training room floor and pushed my way into his memory, but there was very little left to find. A mess of smells filled his mind and made it almost impossible to search further back than the last few hours. Added to that I had pulled out chunks and patched together non-related topics, leaving the few scraps of his memory almost incomprehensible. Anything that was in there was going to be nearly impossible to find.  

“Fajitas are ready!” The smell of Mexican food had filled the Cavern and despite my disappointment, I found my stomach growling. More investigations could wait until I had eaten. 

*****
  
I woke suddenly, to find Sergeant Force standing above me and sniffing my hair. I batted away his face and he backed away and smiled happily and then wandered off into the Cavern. 

I was lying on one of the couches and it took me a few moments to work out the sequence from the night before.  After dinner we had sat here and my Uncle had begun to recite, at length, the tale of the capture from earlier that day.  

Proton the Vanquisher was a mid level villain who focussed mainly on harassing the teen teams and the appearance of the Justice Crew had apparently made him “turn white and try to flee, only to find Mr Xtreme waiting with a fist.” 

The story had gone on for longer than the fight by the sounds of it and I had slowly begun to fall asleep. Apparently they had covered me with a blanket and left me there, instead of getting me into bed and saving me the sore back. 

I made my way through to the kitchen area and found my Uncle Max eating a gargantuan omelette. “Morning Steve, today’s the big day!”  I waved vaguely at him and made a beeline for the coffee pot. “We’ll be leaving in about an hour, so make sure you’re ready. You’ll want to see us blasting into space.” 

I smiled, covering my true pleasure with feigned. “I wouldn’t miss it for the world.”

Slowly the other team members emerged until they were all gathered in the kitchen and were eating breakfast. It was at this point that Underwarrior spoke up. “Friends, I know you are all keen to be away to face the great threat of the Kilmauri Empire, but I am afraid that I will not be able to join you. My leg is too badly hurt and I would only be a burden.” 

There were murmurs around the table, but they could all see the truth. Underwarrior was walking slowly and with a heavy limp, space travel was not a possibility. Human Arrow stood next to him and clasped him on the shoulder. “We will miss you old friend.” Underwarrior nodded sadly and then, glanced across at me and winked. 

Soon we stepped on board the Justice Jet and the great engines flung us into the sky and we headed for the meeting point where almost all of the heroes of earth would be gathering. I was a little surprised that after only five minutes of flying Golden Warrior called back from the cockpit to announce that we were coming in to land and to look out of the left hand window to get our first glimpse of the launch site. 

My stomach jumped as I saw below us and the site we were circling to land. Long low buildings huddled around the edge of a runway and spread back over a large distance. In the middle of these rose a very distinctive building; vast, concrete and windowless.Okay, hopefully I got the numbering right this time. So yes, I posted the last part as 25, but it was *actually* 26. I briefly toyed with making all my parts part 25 from now on, but sequential numbering works too. 

I guess. 

*****
Part 27
*****
I seemed to flow into his body and fill out each of his senses in turn, but it still took a few moments until I felt like I was actually in control. The only sense he refused me was smell, which his mind held away from me jealously. I backed away and let him have it, possessing the rest of his body and the other four senses seemed good enough. 

I could still feel my own body, but it felt very far away, small and cold. However, the parts of my mind that had been separated now rejoined and I felt my thoughts solidify into cohesive agreement. I had a moment’s worry that I had left my own body so far behind, but a thin tether, a tendril, drifted behind and linked me to it. It wasn’t much, but it would have to suffice.   

As I had been speaking to Danny, I had been loosely aware that the Sergeant had been walking and had come to a standstill a few minutes ago. Now that I was fully present and able to access his senses properly, I could take stock of my, or rather our, surroundings. 

We were standing in a line of heroes, waiting outside the great concrete building.  Looking out of the corner of my eyes I could see more heroes ahead of me and a few behind me as well. The lines were moving slowly forward into the building ahead and after a minute everyone took a step forward in turn, forcing me to do the same. 

I glanced to the side and could see guards all around, but they weren’t watching the crowd, instead they were looking out for people elsewhere, confident that the massed crowd of heroes offered no threat. I wondered, what they could possibly be afraid of? 

This was supposed to be a super-team-up mission, a chance for all the heroes of the world to come together to face down a threat so vast that no individual or team, not even a  Tier 1 like Galactico, could face it.  What was it that we were all doing here and what was with this strange behaviour?   

Inch by inch we made our way forward, until at last we entered the base properly and I blinked as bright lights filled the room with a blinding luminescence.  As my eyes adjusted, I realised that I was finally at the front of the line and found myself grabbed and pulled forward. 

I looked down to see that it was a young girl pulling my arm, perhaps in her early twenties. She was wearing a halo and an earpiece and yanked me forward, before spinning me and shoving me backwards. I stumbled back and could see that I was flanked on either side by two familiar forms, Golden Warrior and Ben Extreme.  The girl stepped back and looked at me with an analytic eye before picking up Ben’s hand and dropping it on my shoulder. She took another long look and then nodded, satisfied and stepped away. 

She put her finger up to her ear piece and activated it with a beep. “Front row Justice Crew complete, just a few more to go and we’ll be ready for photos.” 

At last I was finally able to look around a little and see that I was in a long line of heroes with more directly behind me raised up on a small step. There seemed to be three or four girls walking around and placing heroes and I waited until there was a moment that none of them were looking, before I risked a glance over my shoulder. 

The line up of heroes was, perhaps, seven rows deep, with easily more than fifty to a row. Every hero had been posed and each was frozen into place. What was perhaps even odder though, was that I had seen exactly this before, more than once. 

It was the traditional photo, the last image of the heroes before they headed out on their space-quest and in the next few days every paper in the world would run this picture. Past pictures were famous for their scenes of camaraderie and friendship and I had always treasured these photos as a child, even having a number on my bedroom walls. The more macabre boys would cross off the heroes who died, putting thick black lines over them, but I could never bear to spoil the picture. 

I stole another glance around and quickly saw every cliché in the rows around me. The hand on my shoulder, the “bunny” ears behind someone’s head, the person not looking at the camera. It would look casual and friendly, just as they intended. 

The backdrop was of a laboratory, the same one I had seen them assemble a few days before. I recalled that on past missions there had generally been an earth based representative who would give updates and Max had mentioned a Professor Amazo, who seemed to fit the bill.  

The last of the heroes was dragged from the line into place and my attention moved back to the front of the room where a photographer had appeared and begun to set up his equipment. 

After a few minutes he was ready and I could see him scanning the lines of heroes and sending the assistants forward to make last minute adjustments here and there. Finally he seemed happy and called towards the back of the room in a thick French accent. “Nous sommes prêts, we’re ready.” 

Two guards appeared, holding up a man as they carried him forward. I didn’t recognise him at first and it was only as he came near that I could finally see him clearly enough to realise that it was Galactico. He looked… shrunken, his eyes squeezed shut, as if in great pain and his hands were pressed into his temples, making his face blotched white and red. 

Walking a few steps behind them was a man in an impeccable suit, tall and handsome with closely cropped dark brown hair. A few steps behind him came a white haired man dressed in a lab coat, who shuffled off to one side.  The guards walked Galactico forward and looked back for instruction. 

“At the front.” The well dressed man purred. “*Always* at the front.” 

The guards nodded. “Yes Commander.” They placed him at the front centre of the grouping and then retreated backwards quickly. The Commander then stepped back, cast an eye over the group and finally made a signal. 

“In there Professor Amazo, nice big smile.” The Professor moved in and grinned. “Excellent, fuck knows I’d believe you’re all off into space.” He laughed at his own joke and then signalled to the photographer to begin. 

The photographer had been hovering by his camera and checked the picture framing several times before walking forward and standing in front of Galactico a little nervously. He glanced back to the Commander before getting the courage to speak. “Monsieur Commandant, it would be best if he could open his eyes s'il vous plait.” 

The Commander looked equal parts annoyed and amused. “Just take the fucking photo.” 

The photographer seemed to have more regard for his craft than his life and persisted. “Even for une minute…” 

The Commander looked as if he was going to reply, but before he could, one of Galactico’s eyes cracked open and the photographer took two steps back.  The Commander shook his head sadly and walked back a little way. 

The photographer suddenly clenched his own temples and fell to his knees, then onto his back. He thrashed silently on the ground with his eyes flung wide in terror and agony and for a little while his mouth worked noiselessly, before he finally let out a long mournful moan. It dropped in pitch and volume until it became a sad bubbling. A growing pool of blood surrounded his head. At last there was silence and Galactico’s eye shut again. 

The absence of noise was heavy in the room, until it was finally broken as one of the assistants walked up to the camera and pressed the shutter release. She turned to the Commander and spoke with only a slight waver in her voice. 

“We’ll fix anything that needs fixing in post.” She smiled and he returned it. 

“See people.” He clapped his hands. “That’s how you get a fucking promotion. Now let’s get moving.” 

Almost immediately guards appeared, the first two carrying Galactico away and then the rest started pulling the heroes out of line. I hadn’t even noticed that the far end of the room was in darkness and now the lights were turned on and the portal revealed. 

The heroes were dragged into lines and I watched as the guards began to move down each linee and quickly deposit a halo above each head, checking carefully that they locked into place and snapped to each head.  

The Commander clapped to speed them up. “Come on, he can’t hold them all forever.” 

For the second time today I was grabbed and pulled forward, but even less gently this time. A guard held my arm tightly and began to walk me over to where the halos were being distributed. If the Sergeant had one put on him then it would lock my out of his mind and if I was still here when it activated then God knows what it would do to me. 

I considered what options I had to create a distraction, but any physical movement would quickly alert the guards. Using my mind would mean stretching myself yet again and keeping the Sergeant’s body under control was taking all my concentration; it seemed impossible to try to use my mind to do something else as well. 

I prepared to reluctantly return to my own body, but before I could jump, a voice came from behind me, smooth and soft. “Not him you idiot. Get him a non-control halo immediately and get him up to the control platform now.” The guard saluted and ran off quickly, leaving me standing with the Commander. He leaned in. “Sorry Sarge, we’ll have you back in just a moment.”Adam sat up in his chair and lifted his face to the long gash in the wall, through which light spilled. After a moment I did the same and realised that we were sitting on one side of a square and I could see the lines of people still waiting and queuing for their rations. 

He swept his finger across the square and the men and women waiting. “You see the men and women out there? They have incredible power that they cannot tap and any one would have been acceptable to create the spectacle that they desired.” 

I smiled wryly. “They’re all villains too, so it would have been fitting.” 

For the first time I saw anger flicker across his face. “You see the way they hand out food? It is simply done to reinforce the message that we are not in control of our lives. The system is not under our control, so do we bear responsibility for the actions we take if we have no control over them?”

I didn’t quite follow. “I don’t quite follow.” 

He shook his head and slumped down again in his seat. “We’ll come to that, but things are never as clear as they might seem. Let’s get back to the story.” 

He rubbed at his eyes and around to his temples. “It was 1975 and the war had been over for two years. We had lost. I was seen as a sham; a novelty at best and at worst a symbol of violence.”

“When I was a boy I had fairly frequently visited the next group of kids who had been treated as they grew up. But it had been a long time since I had seen them last. I remembered Davey as a little black haired boy, but they changed him into… something else.  

I frowned. “What had he become?”  

Adam sighed. “They had programmed him, just as they had programmed me, but they had also continued to experiment on him, seeing how far they could push the programme. He was only eleven, but he was fully grown and much more - tall, powerful, angry.”

“They let him loose in Chicago late at night and waited until morning before they told me what they had done.  I arrived to find hundreds dead, an area of the city destroyed and Davey, so filled with range and anger that he would not speak to me, no matter how I tried. He wore a device I had never seen before.” He touched a finger to his halo. “Although later I would be all too familiar with them,”

“I had no choice, we fought and he was strong, but I was stronger. Their experiments had not blessed him with the same power set as my own, but I had no way of knowing that then, I assumed he was as strong as I was.”   

He paused and I waited for a minute before asking gently. “What happened?” 

His voice was flat and cold. “I killed him. I didn’t know how to stop him and so I did what I had been taught. They trained me as a soldier and so I acted like one.” 

He took a moment to speak again and when he did his normal tone had returned. “It did what they wanted it to do, I was seen as a saviour and every newspaper in the country declared that if there were such evil forces out there, then heroes were required to keep the people safe. I was beloved again, but I had no idea what they were planning.” 

I assumed Davey had been a mistake, a terrible accident, but he had instead been a huge success for them. They only had one refinement to make, control. They started creating more of the children, bringing them through as quickly as they could, using the same techniques they had used on my brother to age them more quickly. Some were destined to be heroes and some villains, but I knew none of this at the time.” 

“It took a few years, but eventually they had set up a nice system, they organised each fight as carefully as any heavyweight bout and it kept the people scared and reassured at the same time. They controlled both sides, but it lacked… a certain something.” 

I gestured to my surroundings “So what is this place? Are all of these people simply programmed to be villains?” 

Calvin’s voice rumbled from the back of the room. “I wasn’t programmed to be bad, I made my own choices.” 

It made Adam smile. “He’s right, you can’t just have a bad guy pop up and have a fight and then disappear, it lost its ability to worry people. Luckily they were poor at training children and many of these heroes, these paragons of virtue began to… lose their way and eventually one had to be stopped when they turned to evil. It was so much more effective as it was *legitimate*.”

It was my turn to massage my temples. “So what, they just rely on some bad apples starting fights?” 

Adam shook his head. “No, there needs to be a balance, each hero needs a counterpart to fight, or they are pointless.  A good villain is valuable and not to be wasted, that’s what this whole dimension is for.” 

“Some of us were heroes who made bad decisions, some villains from the start and other…” He shrugged. “They scoop you up and send you here to be fitted with one of these.” He tapped his halo again.” And of course a little programming too.” 

“The band suppresses all powers, they learned how to turn them on, they know how to turn them off again it seems. But it does more than that, it can control your mind, or implant ideas. When removed you can use your powers, but your ideas are not your own. 

“Some villains follow long term plans and others are one off, but once they are done they have no choice but to let themselves be brought back here. You get to have your powers or free will, but not both at the same time.”

*****

Sorry, short part today, I've not had much chance to write but we'll try to get back on track tomorrow when be'll be finishing up with Adam and Steve will be on the move again...A cold shiver of adrenaline slid down my back and blossomed into butterflies in my stomach. He kept his gaze on me for a moment longer, but his face broke into a smile. “Good to see you Mick.” 

I forced my face into a return smile. “Yeah, you too.” 

A whisper from the Sarge floated through to me. “I used to know a man called Mick.” 

Outwardly I walked over and leaned against a table on the far side of the room. Internally I was examining the Sarge. “So that’s you, you’re Mick?” 

He seemed to shrug “I don’t think I am any more.” He seemed sad, but before I could press further he had retreated again and I was alone. 

Galactico had stood up and was moving stiffly. He stretched, reaching up high enough to touch the ceiling and then letting his arms drop to his sides again. Feeling its cold cling across his chest, he ripped the sweaty T-shirt and tossed it into a corner, then began flexing each muscle on his chest in turn, as if checking they all still worked. 

The sickly white of his skin was fading and he was slowly returning to a normal colour with each passing moment. The withered look that had crushed him down and made him look almost small had completely gone, leaving only his heavily muscled torso. 

The Commander had moved from the camera view screens to a control panel on the wall, but glanced back to see Galactico as he flexed his biceps. 

“Jesus Phil, love yourself more why don’t you?” He tossed a shirt across at the large man, who grabbed it in midair. 

Phil? It was hard to think of him as a person. It was hard to think of him as anything other than the semi-god he appeared to be, but hearing his name reminded me that he too had once been a normal child. Probably. 

Galactico, pulled the shirt on, his voice dripped with sarcasm. “Yeah, *thanks* Pete. Six hours keeping every mind in three hundred metre radius blanked and I can’t even get thirty seconds to recover before you start laying into me, huh?” He jagged his thumb at the Commander. “You believe this guy Mick?” 

This… wasn’t what I had expected. I had expected some sort of sinister plotting, but instead I had found an easy and friendly camaraderie between two men. There was an obvious history between them and also with the Sergeant and that made this even more dangerous than I had anticipated.  

Pete, the Commander, had sat down on an office chair at one of the consoles and now spun around to face into the room. “Bam, timing sequence started, two minutes until ignition.” Pete glanced back to the controls which were beeping softly. “Okay, looks like we have everything ready, we can start as soon as it’s open.” 

After a few more adjustments he faced me again. “Hey, sorry about leaving you down there for so long Mick, if I’d known you were still zombied for the photo I would have got a halo on you earlier. 

I nodded noncommittally and smiled. “Don’t worry about it.” I had hoped to let the conversation flow around me until I picked up the thread, but they were both watching me.  

Galactico cocked his head to the side. “You okay? You sound a bit… off?” 

Fuck. 

I had no idea how to act, no idea what to say to them. I was hiding in the body of someone they knew better than I did and already they were suspicious; I *needed* to know more.  

The Sarge was tucked deep into his own sense of smell and trying to pull him free seemed pointless. He had less control over his mind than I did these days and seemed unlikely to help me, even if he could. In desperation I delved into the cerebral cortex, looking for any memories or associations that had been stored here and might be able to help me. 

It was a mess; I had torn chunks away several times and reorganised whole sections while practising manipulating neurons, but surely *something* was left. I moved to the back where the oldest damage was and looked for possible information that remained.  

Here there were vast banks of associations, where two pieces of relation information would join and link together to allow relationships to be analysed. I had ripped these apart early in my rampage through his mind, separating them out so that each was just a fragment. 

The damage was bad, but it was only in the actual connections, unlike in most parts of the brain the information was still accessible, it just had no framework to sit within so it made sense. I needed to access these little parts and quickly as I needed to provide an answer, but how to get the pieces into any kind of useful format? 

I scooped up the pieces and examined them; there were dozens of fragments, too many to try to understand. Just as I had begun to lose hope that they would be any use at all, I noticed something. Some were parts, shared between two different items, but a few were fragments of people with no other side. These ones were where the association was with the Sergeant himself and so it was those ones I held while dropping the rest. 

There were twenty or thirty left and with no other option left and no time to waste, I pushed them directly into my mind and felt the connections as the formed with my own consciousness. They sank in and in a moment they became a part of me. 

I blinked and laughed. “Okay? God damn Phil, I’ve had you sitting in my brain for the last God-knows-how long, it’s a miracle I’m walking and talking at all with that amateur lobotomy.” 

The other two laughed and the moment passed, it had worked.  I had no idea where that had come from, but fragments of the Sergeant’s personality had been taken in and had pulled an answer from somewhere. Now they were a part of me, of my mind and I would need to deal with them later. 

Pete turned back to the computer.  “And here I was getting worried when you were all spaced out a few weeks back when I visited.” I wondered what state the Sarge had been in then, probably not good. He reached out and tapped the screen a few times. “It’s time.” 

Galactico and Pete both stood and walked across to the window. I pushed away from the desk and walked up behind them, until I could see down and over the large room below. 

A faint whirring noise was joined by a crack, as electricity suddenly sparked from one of the wall pylon to another. I could feel the static building on the Sergeant’s surprisingly hairy arms, as the pressure inside the room dropped and the heavy electrical pressure began to press into my skull. It reached a crescendo and on instinct, I lifted my hands to my ears. 

The pylons around the room had built up power and now, in one glorious release, they all arced across to the twisted black metal of the portal at once. As the first fleck of green-blue power danced across the face of the portal it let out a vibrating groan which filled the room.  

WWWWHHHUUUUMMMMM

The other two turned from the window and Galactico walked into the room, patting me on the shoulder as he went past. “Okay boys, that’s my part done, it’s over to you for selection and reprogramming. You need me for anything else before I head off?” 

Pete waved him away. “Nah, I think we’re good, just keep your communicator on, in case we need you. Where are you headed?” 

Galactico grinned, his blue eyes twinkling. “Little company island in the Caribbean, just a dozen girls and me.” He laughed. “Try not to call.” 

“Just go asshole.” Pete smiled and Galactico waved, opened the door and was gone.  

Pete glanced back towards the dials. “Shouldn’t be long, we’ll get contact any second and…” The electricity sparked from all around the room again and hit the portal with a shower of sparks. 

***WWWWWWHHHHHHUUUUUUMMMMM*** 

The noise cut off suddenly and left a blue green wave rippling back and forth across the portal opening. Pete looked pleased. “Perfect, we’re establishing a transduxional lock now and…” An alarm sounded and he jerked his head around. “Fuck, what the hell is that?” He scanned over the dials and sensors one by one, but the noise wasn’t coming from the panels he was at, it was coming from a panel closer to where I stood. 

“Uh, over here I think.” He spun and walked swiftly over to me.  

He flicked a switch and a nearby monitor came to life. “Thank God, it’s just a motion sensor. Now what the hell is going on down there?” 

He clicked through the screens, which showed different areas of the building and the grounds, until one of the screens showed movement paused. He leaned in closer to see and then tapped the screen and pulled a radio from his belt. “Security, to zone Alpha 469, we have an intruder.” He released the button and a moment later a confirmation hissed back to him. “Keep an eye on that will you; I need to get the portal stabilised.” 

I moved in and sat in front of the monitors, flicking through until I could see the intruder again. I hadn’t got a good look before, but now I could see her clearly. She was crouched behind a low wall, a mass of red curls tumbling down and obscuring her face, just as they had been the last time I saw her.   

***** 

Right, I should be back tomorrow, but if the whisky gets me, or I am wiped out from work, then it'll be Saturday instead. I'll pop up a post to let you know if that's the case.Uploaded this last night but called it part 9 instead of part 10, which it is! Uploading this with the right number in case anyone ignored the last bit, but I'll leave the other one up too as a testament to my stupidity. 

*****

The portal reached out and pulled me in, flowing over me like a second skin and becoming part of me; absorbing me as a puddle claims a droplet. It passed through me as an electric shiver, each nerve firing hot, then cold and finally registering only the void that I had stepped into. One more step and I emerged from the other side and the portal reluctantly released me, although it seemed to hold onto me until the very last moment.

I had been holding my breath without realising, but now I released it and took my first breath in this new place. The air had a taste, like peppermint; it was cooling but without actual cold and I could feel it icily filling my lungs with each inhale. 

My reptilian brain had been registering something wrong from the moment I stepped from the portal and now it screamed at me that this place was *other*, it was different. Some primal instinct told me that I was far from home and demanded I return, but I took a deep breath of the chilling air and pushed back the feeling of unease as best I could. 

As I walked forward, I looked down to the ground and found that it crunched and flaked away into tiny shards with each step. It looked like rock, but each footprint sent webs of cracks shooting out and scuffed up rocks and slivers of stone. Everything seemed determined to be as clear as possible that this world worked on different rules!

The portal was raised up a little, as the ground around it had been worn away, leaving it slightly exposed. I could see the four who had gone before me were already walking down the slope, heading for a destination that they seemed to know and in no need of my accompaniment. I hurried after them anyway, looking around at the bizarre world I had stepped into. 

The feeling of emptiness in my head, that had been there since I put on my band, was exacerbating the bizarre feeling that this place had brought out of me. In the last months I had grown used to the general buzz of the world around me and my mind automatically feeling out each new area as I arrived in it. It was almost radar, automatically sensing all around me, feeling the mood and letting me scope out my surrounds before I had seen them. In this state I felt blind and vulnerable. 

Everything was wrong, even colour, as the sky and the light that came from it was a light purple and washed out the normal colours from the world. The sky itself was cloudless, leaving a clear a consistent colour that stretched as far as I could see with no deviation or change. 

There was something else though and it took a few moments to put my finger on. It was the sun, or rather the lack of one; there was no sign at all of where the light was coming from. It was almost a relief to see the obviously human buildings which we were approaching and then began to walk between them. I clung to their familiarity as a small comfort. 

I had been expecting… I wasn’t sure, a prison facility of some kind, but this was nothing like that, it was more like a small town. The buildings were similar to the ones that had been on the other side of the portal and laid out in long streets. They were simple buildings, built of metal and concrete sheets and they appeared to be modular, so they could be put together into either single or two story buildings. 

As we continued into the strange town, I began to see people on the streets, both young and old, but all dressed in the same loose grey clothing. Some seemed to have personalised it with torn off sleeves or bands pulling the clothes in more tightly, but no one wore anything drastically different. They all wore head bands, but they did not seem to be under control as the ladies who walked in front of me seemed. As they saw my uniform, they turned away and hurried up side streets, disappearing before I could get near enough to speak to them. 

The four continued to walk, staying in the formation they had begun in and keeping up a steady rhythmic pace. It occurred to me that if they were aware of where they were going, then perhaps they knew something more and could tell me about this place. I increased my pace and caught up to them and pulled alongside the girl who I had recognised earlier. 

She didn’t turn to look at me as I walked beside her, or make any sign that she knew I was there at all, but she was my best chance of information. 

“Hey, so have you been here before?” She gave no indication that she had heard. It occurred to me that she might only speak Spanish and so I thought back to the few words I had learned many years ago and tried again. “¿Dónde está la caja de lápiz?” I hoped I had asked where we were going, but there was still nothing.  

I looked across to see if any of the others had made any sign that they understood, but they remained facing forward and so I dropped back a pace again. It had to be these bands doing something to them and I gently felt around the band which pressed into my own head. 

What had the guard said about them? It was something about having to wear it to keep my brain intact and it certainly was able to have some effect on my mind, as it completely blocked my ability to sense the world around me. It must have done something to their minds too, cut them off somehow, but why were they acting like automatons?  

Something else he had said had also stayed with me, the connectors he had fitted to my temple, which still pressed into my head uncomfortably, were until they could fit a “proper system”. There was an implication in those simple words that promised things I did not wish to experience. 

We continued and the streets became busier as we went on, people moving quickly, sometimes carrying food or supplies and occasionally a bike passing quickly through the streets. Down side alleyways I could occasionally see small groups talking, but when I stopped too look they dispersed immediately. 

From time to time a few of the guards would walk past, although they were less like guards here and seemed more like police, or an army patrolling and controlling the streets. They wore bands, just as everyone I had seen so far did and they chatted quietly as they walked. When they passed I stayed close to my group, my eyes fixed ahead as theirs were and the guards ignored me and passed by without a word. 

As we walked I saw a face that I recognised, an old villain called Doctor Mephistopheles came out from a building and into the street in front of us. Surprised, I called out his name and he looked round, but seeing me he dropped the small package he held and darted for the opposite side of the road. 

I ran forward, but he was gone, disappeared into a side street and away before I could catch him. He was an old man, even when I was a boy he had been seen as an old timer of the villain world and it had been many years since I had heard about him last, but here he was in this strange place. 

He’d been powerful too, in his day he had fought against many Tier 2s and even stood against the original Atomic Man, but like all villains he had failed in his activities and I had assumed been jailed. This must have served as his jail. 

Above the general unease that I felt in this place, I was beginning to worry. I had planned none of this, but simply followed instinct and opportunity to lead me here and now was without a plan… of even a clear idea of where *here* was. 

I thought back to the series of events that had led me here so far. My understanding had been that villains would be rounded up and taken to a prison where they would be kept in a state of “quantum entanglement,” ensuring that they were utterly unable to escape. It had always been hinted that there was something *drastic* about this prison, which is why they would be transferred back to normal prison once the heroes had returned and were able to protect earth. 

All I had done today was follow the villains as they were caught and transported and it had led me to this place and so logically this *had* to be the prison that they had always talked of as inescapable. Indeed, this place seemed full of villains, but what had been done to them and why were they so afraid?  

While I waited for the prisoners to catch up, I moved into the road and picked up the package that Doctor Mephistopheles had dropped in his haste to get away. It was a grey box, marked with only a code SFR 00435 and the cardboard cover had a waxy feel to it. I slid my finger under the flap and opened the box to find 18 small foil packages neatly stacked inside and a sheet of instructions about survival food and  how to ration food in a group.  

I pulled one free and unwrapped the foil and found it was a hard biscuit. It seemed to match to the description of the survival biscuits on the paper and seeing it reminded me that it had been a long time since I had eaten and so I hungrily took a bite. It was simultaneously dry and waxy, but tasted just palatable enough and so I finished it and  slid two more of the bars into my pocket, before leaving the box on the side of the road in case Doctor Mephistopheles came back. 

The women carried on and I trailed behind until at last we turned into a small square which was surrounded by long low houses on all sides and at last we seemed to have reached the location they had been aiming for. They headed for a building on the far side and walked in without stopping. 

I followed, noting the sign beside the door – **CENTRAL PROCESSING.** They entered, turned left into a small room and then stopped and waited, their feet perfectly aligned with marks on the floor. I waited and a few minutes later a door on the other side of the room opened and a guard entered, holding a long flat paddle which had a number of controls along the handle. 

He nodded and grunted a greeting to me and then walked to the first of the women and raised the paddle to her head. The controls flashed and beeped and he twisted some controls and the band on her head glowed yellow softly for a moment. His controls beeped again and she seemed to suddenly slump, as if she had been held upright and then released; her eyes darted around the room and looked to the other women and then to the man who held the paddle. 

He waved her away impatiently. “C’mon, fuck off.” The woman backed away and stood on the other side of the door, but watched as he moved to the next woman and repeated the process. 

It took less than a minute and as they each seemed to unfreeze; they left as quickly as they were able. As soon as all four had reunited outside the door they departed, walking quickly and supporting each other as they went. I watched them go and then turned back to the man who was watching me. 

He gestured with a finger and we moved through the door at the back of the room into a small office and he gestured again for me to sit, before he did the same at the other side of the table. 

He fished around in his pockets until he found some chewing gun and then popped a piece in his mouth and chewed without closing it. “So you’re the FNG they warned me was coming?”  

I tried to work it out. “FN…G?” 

He rolled his eyes. “Fuckin’ new guy, Jesus you’re green.” He stood and walked round the table to me, took my chin in his hand and turned my head to one side and then the other. “Yeah, they got those temps on pretty good, you probably aren’t feeling any neural feedback, but we’d better get you properly fitted. 

He moved away to a metal cupboard and waved his hand in front of a strange lock and the doors slid open to reveal a collection of odd wands and many of the head bands in various styles. Some were much larger and had sizable LEDs across them, I guessed that they must have been older models than the ones we had now and wondered how long they had been being used. 

He pulled out a machine that had a wide set of pincers that opened several feet and then had a handle at the back. At the end of each pincer was a small set of spikes and my bad feeling from earlier blossomed into something akin to panic. I was no longer the weakling who had first walked into that gym many months before, but he was much larger than me and before I could come up with a plan he stood in front of me. 

“Okay, just hold still, when I deactivate your tracker it’ll hurt like hell until I get these clipped into your head, but then the halo will connect direct to your brain and it’ll be much safer.” He must have seen the fear in my eyes and smiled. “Don’t worry kid, despite what they say in orientation, you can last two to three minutes without a halo before your eyes pop so it’ll just be cripplingly painful.” 

He grinned, but I had finally reached the end of my ability to go along with this and I pushed back from my chair and tried to move for the door. He shouted something and then I felt a hand on my arm and before I could twist away he had yanked me back and slammed me down in the chair. 

“Fuck’s sake kid, relax, I was kidding, it’ll be fine.” I struggled but he had already brought the pincers closer to me and I felt the pressure on my head suddenly lift as the band loosened and he snatched it off my head. 

I paused, expecting the crushing pain, but… nothing. Then the world rushed in at me as my senses returned and it was like breathing again. I could feel *everything*. The building, the world stretching away on either side and… something else. I could even feel the people all around us, but they, like the guard in front of me, were still closed and I was unable to see their minds. 

He must have assumed that my pause was the pain and he let go of me and turned back to the pincers, muttering under his breath. He twisted knobs and the small spikes rotated and then began to whir quickly. 

The fear was gone and all that remained… was anger. He turned to me, but the pincers did not move with him as I held them in mid air and let him strain against them for a moment. He looked at them in confusion and then I eased them apart and snapped them in two; the little teeth blades slowed to a halt. He looked at them and in his eyes I saw realisation and they grew wide with fear. 

He tried to move, but I caught him and held him still, then rose from my chair to face him. He was straining to be free and I considered breaking him like the pincers, but it seemed so much more interesting to see what would happen if I removed his band. I reached up and tried to pull it free, but it was attached firmly, I considered trying his paddle, but first I wanted to try to yank it off his head.  

I dug my fingers in and at the back, where his hair grew under it and it was slightly looser, my fingers dug in and then slipped under the edge of the band. His mind opened up to me. It wasn’t easy to read, it was flickering, as if I had a bad connection and I could only reason that the bad was still inhibiting it partly. 

In flashes I could feel his fear and pain, but it was too difficult to dig into anything much more deeply as I was repeatedly cut off as I tried to delve into him. There was just a split second of his mind each time, but even just seeing that made me feel somewhat whole again, as I was comforted by using my power. 

Suddenly my desire to hurt him was gone, killing or maiming him would only lead to someone coming looking for whoever did it and after all this effort, I wanted some real answers. I only had access to a split second of his mind, but it was enough to insert a memory, overwriting the last few minutes in his mind. He would only remember meeting me and everything being fine and that would be all; how he reasoned away his broken pincers would be his own problem. 

I freed my fingers from his head, but kept him frozen for a moment to keep him from interfering. He seemed like a man who would be fixing things on a regular basis and that meant he would have… yes, in the third drawer of his desk I found some superglue and quickly applied some to the band, or halo, that had been removed from my head. Pressing it on, it looked just like I was still wearing the halo, but now I could feel the world all around me.  

I dropped the glue back into his drawer and then released the guard who blinked and then smiled. “Well, nice to meet you.” He stuck out his hand and I shook it and walked out of his office and into the street.  

***** 

Happy Friday everyone, I hope you're having a good day and enjoyed today's part of the story. It's a bit longer than usual and that's because A - I kinda got into writing it and B - I am heading towards a major moment in the story (where we might actually find stuff out) that I am keen to get to and wanted to make sure that I got the story to where it's probably the next part when we'll finally get there. 

The bad news is that I have a busy as hell weekend and so I think it's most likely that the next part will be on Monday - sorry, but if I do have any time I also have another story I am writing that I want to put a bit of work into. 

Thank you for all your comments and for making these the most upvoted stories I think I've ever posted on my sub. It's very inspiring to keep going! Apologies if I haven't relied to your comment yet, I will get back to you eventually and I appreciate all the help. I really don't mind if you have a critique as it's likely only going to make my stories better and that's the reason I write! 

Have a great weekend all!I could feel the surge of adrenaline shoot through the Underwarrior as he saw the Sergeant crumple to the floor and his reaction was immediate and instinctual. The two had fought together hundreds of times and protecting an injured team mate was key to the Justice Crew fighting ethos.  The Sergeant had fallen heavily and lay, looking dazed as the girl stood over him, crouched and looking for her next strike.  

There was no time to stop him, he took two steps and spun on the spot, his foot aimed at her chest to drive her back. I could have let it go, to see if she could block it or take it, but what if she couldn’t?  I held out my hand and he froze in place, telekinetically balanced in mid strike.     

The girl did not hesitate in lashing out and placing her knee directly into Underwarrior’s groin with a solid thunk. She stepped back and a moment of puzzlement passed over her face as he stayed standing and before I could release him, she had again hammered her knee into his crotch. She was a dirty fighter, I liked that.  I released my grip on him and Underwarrior crumpled slowly to the floor, making a soft wheezing noise. 

She was already past him and advancing on me. I stepped back and help up my hands. “Please, I have no desire to hurt you, *please* stop.” 

She glanced backwards to ensure that the two behind her were still on the ground and took another step forward. “Looks like I’m doing okay so far, why don’t we see who hurts who?”  

I took another step back, now at the edge of Danny’s pool of blood. “*Please,* you’re really making a mistake, we’re on the same side.” 

She paused and then, for the first time looked around the room, taking in the blood and dead guards. “What happened in here?” 

I glanced back at Danny’s body. “Nothing good.” 

*****

*****

We sat close enough that I could have leaned a little and made as if I had accidentally touched her, but it seemed wiser to leave the slight gap between us. The dead guards had at least convinced her that we weren’t on *their* side, but she had been reluctant to let us go with her and was obviously irritated by my presence at her side. 

The only thing I had been able to offer was a way into the building that she had not been aware of; the side door we had slipped out earlier and which she now intended to use to enter the building. Still she was reluctant to offer any information as to why she was there or what she was doing. 

I coughed a little, but she ignored me. “Uh, so you’re a hero then?” 

She looked at me out of the side of her eye. “I’m in a hurry is what I am, so if you can get me in that door then I can get on with the rest.” 

I nodded. “Okay, so what’s your power then?” She ignored me. “You do *have* a power, right?”

She narrowed her eyes and then pulled back from the crates we were peering around. “I still don’t know why I should trust you?” I took that as a yes. 

Her mind flared delightfully with suspicion and it gave me a slight thrill to be able to peek inside and see her emotions as they played out in real time. Her mind was so *beautiful*, each part seemed to slot together perfectly and ticked over like an old pocket watch. It was extremely attractive to see her mind working. She’d said her name was Claire, I wondered if that was true as I had been honest with mine.  

It would be so simple to make just a few tweaks and have her feel so much more kindly disposed to me. A quick squeeze here and a little burst of oxytocin in the right place and she’d be agreeing with my every word… but that seemed like a hollow victory. To my own surprise, I pulled back out of her mind until I could no longer see her thoughts. 

A series of lies had run through my head, but each seemed less plausible than the last. Reluctantly I decided to try honesty and see how for it got me. “Okay, how about I tell you why *I’m* here.” She raised an eyebrow. “We have to go back a bit first though, you see the reason I am interested in your power is because powers are the key to everything.  I imagine that you have some sort of origin story of where your power is from, but I have to tell you something - the memories you have are not true.” 

She nodded. “I know, I got a series of injections when I was three that gave me my powers.” 

My mouth hung open for a moment. “How… how do you *know* that?” 

She shook her head and her red curls tumbled, setting off a fluttering inside me that I had to swallow hard to push back. “We still haven’t established why I should trust you.” 

I tried to re-rail my train of thoughts. “Uh okay, so my story is a little different. Both my parents were powered heroes and they agreed to have me and be part of experiment to let super’s be born and not created. But they found out the truth and they… uh… suppressed my powers. I didn’t develop until I was much older.” I smiled. “A few months ago actually.” 

She nodded. “Okay, so?” 

I avoided her gaze, it seemed accusatory. “Well, I was outside all of..." I waved my hands in the air. "...this and so I was able to see things more clearly. I started investigating and found that the whole programme is just a form of control, to distract the world from their problems. I was just a pawn, but I lost my childhood due to… uh circumstances and I came here to make things right.” It was a broad enough version of the truth.

I looked up to find her staring at me, her eyes shimmering. “Fuck, you won’t believe…” She looked around searching for words.  “Steve, we’re here for the same reason.” 

“Eh?” I elegantly replied. 

Even without reaching into her mind I could feel the excitement pouring off her. “Fuck, I thought you were just some kid or something, I’ve never met anyone else like me. I found out about the forced fights years ago, but it was only when I found out that the programme had been hijacked that it all fell into place. I am pretty sure this whole team-up angle is just an excuse to get them all in one place to do some sort of control to them and so I came here to stop them, or try anyway.”  

I smiled. “Yeah, they’ve been… wait, hijacked?” 

She wasn’t listening. “Christ, now we might actually stand a chance, I thought that if I could get to their mainframe then I could do it, but I assumed it’d be a suicide mission, but maybe with more of us we might be able to pull this off.” She laughed. “I never thought that I’d have two members of the Justice Crew fighting with me though, I must have been wrong about the Sergeant all along.” 

I nodded. “Okay, well maybe we can put a pin in that and come back to it…?” 

She turned back to me. “So what’s *your* power?” 

Her smile dazzled me for a moment. “Uhhh, you first.” 

She considered and then nodded and reached into a long slit that led up the edge of her jacket. From inside the material she pulled out what seemed, at first, like a flat piece of plastic, but she used her nail and split it in two and it opened into a laptop.  

“Watch.” She held her hand above the keys and the screen came to life and pages of data began to scroll across the screen. 

I looked on, waiting to see power crackling from her fingertips or something similar. “Uh, you have fingerprint recognition on your laptop? That’s cool and all, but I am not sure I’d call it a *‘power’* exactly...” 

She playfully punched me. It hurt but I pretended not to notice. “No, you idiot, I’m a technopath.” My blank stare seemed to clue her in that I needed further explanation. “I can control electronics, including computers and make them do whatever I want.” 

I watched data stream across her laptop and smiled encouragingly. “Cool.” I tried to remember the last time I had used anything more complicated than a toaster and failed. “So, you said you had the injection, why aren’t you in there with the rest?” I gestured towards the building. 

The left hand side of her mouth tweaked up adorably. “I’m 27, they tested me when I was three! Back in the eighties they were looking for flight or strength, things like that. No one ever thought that a power could work like mine. They assumed I was a dud and after a few months of testing they dumped me back with my parents.” 

 “Jesus, that must have been hard.” 

The smile twitched again. “Honestly, having seen what they do to these kids, I think I did pretty well out of it. Most kids never get to see their parents again, but I had a pretty normal childhood.” 

I collected my thoughts. “So how did you end up here, how did you find about it all.” 

“Total control over computers means there aren’t many secrets I can’t find. went looking for the source of my power and like you I stumbled into the truth, that all this is all just…” she waved her hands vaguely. “…a lie. I've been investigating for years, finding ways to be close to their world but not a part of it to gather as much intelligence as I could. All this time I've been looking for a way to make some kind of difference, to somehow change things, but before now I never found an opportunity." 

She was silent for a moment and met my eye again. “Your turn, show me your power?”   

*****

Evening all. Happy midweek wherever you are. 

I'm heading off to bed for an early night as my lovely wife has brought back yet another cold from the primary school class she teaches (elementary school for you North Americans) and so I am very snuffly and need some sleep.

I can't be mad though, we've been working on a science lesson for her class and so we have been making foam explosions with vinegar, baking soda and food colouring and even better  which are just super fun to play with. Who can be mad when you get to play with goo? 

EDIT - comments are screwed up all over reddit, so if you don't see your comment then hopefully it will show up at some point. No idea what's going on!She grinned at me and my heart skipped and shuddered. I dug my fingernails into the palm of my hand; for God’s sake man, get a grip of yourself!  

Her eyebrow cocked. “Well?” 

“Uh, okay...” before I could continue the sidedoor we had been watching slammed open and three guards moved out carefully into the alleyway. Two more stayed by the door while the first three began moving down, baton’s drawn. 

We were sheltered behind a large dumpster, a hundred or so meters away, how the hell had they found us? I pulled her back against the wall and put my finger to my lips and then moved back to edge and took another look. They were working their way down towards us carefully, the lead guard raising his hand to an ear piece from time to time. 

“Shit, they know we’re here.” I looked around and saw a small black spike poking out from the wall above us. “Fuck, the cameras! Do you think you can shut it down?” 

She looked up and nodded. “It’s further away than I normally work, but I can probably get into the system. It’ll take me a moment; can you hold these guys off?” 

I nodded. “Deal.” Then stepped back towards the edge of the dumpster and peered around again. Claire pressed her back up against the wall and reached out her hand towards the camera. 

The guards approaching were, of course, wearing halos, but even though I couldn’t sense their minds, I could sense where they left a blank spot in the psychic gestalt and I used it to follow them as they came closer. It was the technique I had learned in the other dimension, but until now I had struggled to use it here, with the generally weaker psychic pull. 

Back, near the door, the two guards stood still, watching as the other three moved towards us. One held the door open with his foot and I could sense that there were more inside, waiting to rush us, but holding back for now. Their mistake. 

I leaned back. “How’re we doing on the camera? Is this one up here off?” 

She grunted and a bead of seat began to form on her brow. “Okay, I fried the electrics, you want me to trace back and get the rest of the system?” 

I shrugged. “We can do that after we’ve dealt with these guys.  I just wanted a little privacy to work in.” 

I let my mind expand until it touched the far guards by the door and then yanked them forward, letting the door click shut and then sealing it, so that no one else would interrupt. Almost immediately I could feel hands beating on the door, but short of it being smashed down, it wasn’t going to move. 

The two guards flew forward, pulled and held by their throats, their tiptoes dragging on the ground.  They clawed at their necks, trying to pull loose the invisible hands but finding nothing there. The other three heard the scraping of their feet and turned, but could only watch as the others were dragged past.  It was important to set a statement of intent and so I slammed the two into the wall opposite where we were hiding with enough force to shatter bone and held them there, grinding  into the stone and unable to move. Satisfied I turned my attention to the others. 

I stepped out and they saw me; the nearest guard sprinted forward, gambling that he could reach me before I could stop him, while the other two moved out to the sides, perhaps hoping to flank me. I took the first one and carefully flicked him up into the air, sending him tumbling away into the sky. 

Claire pushed past me and the sight of her reminded me of the reality of the situation. My connection to my powers seemed to have intensified, I felt stronger and more in control, able to be both precise and devastatingly forceful. The brutality was almost too easy and I needed to check myself. What if Claire saw this side of me and rejected it? it was already painful to consider. Reluctantly I caught the guard I had thrown into the air and held him at a reasonable height, out of the fight, but alive. 

Now I had the last two to deal with. The guard to the right charged forward, his baton raised to strike, but he was far, far too slow. I wrenched it from his hand, spun it and propelled it into his face at speed. His nose collapsed and he fell to the ground blubbing. He’d live, although he’d struggle to take a nice picture from now on. 

The guard on the left had hung back and Claire ran forwards, towards him. I watched as at the last moment she transferred to a slide, putting all her momentum and force directly into his right knee, as his baton whistled over her head harmlessly. 

He flipped over and landed in a pile, yelling incoherent obscenities, but Claire had not yet finished with him. She pushed up into a handstand from her prone position on the ground and then brought her body down across his; her left knee placed perfectly in his face, while the other planted in his solar plexus, forcing the air out from his chest with a satisfying woof. 

Twisting, she was suddenly straddling him and I felt a moment of intense jealousy, which quickly subsided as she grabbed the man’s ears and wrenched his head to the side, snapping his neck with a crunching of bone and sinew. She was *glorious*; violent and vicious a warrior, a *killer*. 

She glanced up, suddenly looking worried. “Look, I don’t know what your policy is with killing, but these guys would have done the same to us if they had the opportunity.” 

I didn’t know quite how to reply appropriately and so I reached out with my left hand towards the two guards who I still held against the wall and then squeezed my fist closed. They fell to the ground silently, their brain stems crushed.  Almost as an afterthought, I let the guard I had been holding in the air fall into the far end of the alley. 

She smiled. “I guess you don’t have any problem with it either.” She looked around the alley and wiped a smear of blood from her face. “So, I’m going to guess telekinesis then?” 

I nodded. “Uh, yeah and a few other things too, but I should probably point out that I’ve been holding that door shut and the guards stopped trying to force their way through it about a minute ago.” 

She grinned, “I guess they’ll be here any…”

Something bit into my neck and my hand flew up to my side but tangled with a wire. My first, stupid, thought was to wonder why there was a wire leading to my neck and then a pulse of electricity hit me and every muscle on my body seized at once. 

I could hear a noise and a second later realised that it was my own voice, screaming. I was disconnected from the world, only pain tethered me to my body and I fought to free my mind and rise out of it. I could just see Claire had been hit by Taser barbs that were fired at her, but she just pulled them free unaffected, a grim smile fixed on her face. I fell to the ground and continued to scream. 

The pain came in waves, but never ended. Still, each time it dipped I could pull my mind a little further from my body, if I could disconnect my ability to feel pain then I could break free and escape, but it was a slow process to work myself out from the searing electrical pulses. 

Just as I felt myself begin to loosen from my mind, there was a new sensation as a boot pressed down on my head, grinding it into the dirt beneath me. It felt like the final indignity, but then, suddenly, the pain stopped and for a single blissful second I was free. Before I could react a sharp pain registered in my arm and I looked down to see a syringe, emptying a blue liquid into my body. I felt forward with my mind, but I struggled to fix on the small object and the world began to spin. Within my head I could see my thoughts slow and stop and a deep dull darkness began to creep in at the edges of my vision. 

The boot had lifted and a moment later the girl landed heavily beside me; her face was swollen from several powerful blows and blood trickled from her ear. Another syringe appeared and pushed into her neck; her eyes fluttered and closed. 

I felt a presence beside me and a hand reached out and touched my cheek. A face was above me, but far away and wrapped in the darkness.  “Take him inside, the girl too. You know where they need to go.”  Then darkness came. 

*****

Happy Thursday everyone. 

Hopefully today you can actually comment and have them show up, that’d be nice! 

I’m still full of the cold so as usual the Friday part may slip to Saturday if I decide to “cure” myself with hot toddys. 

Sorry I’ve been a bit rubbish replying to comments this week – its just been a stupid week!The control room machinery was highly complex and even with the Underwarrior’s half memories of some of the equipment, he struggled to work out how to operate much of it, or even its function. Claire was able to help, communicating directly with the computers and relaying it back to the Underwarrior, but even with them working together it was a significant task. 

I watched for a while, vaguely understanding some of what they were saying, but most of it was meaningless techobabble to me. Even watching their minds I could only glean the most basic level of understanding of how they were able to pull meaning from the computers and I soon gave up. 

I was more interested in pushing my mind out to explore the limits of the dimension in which we found ourselves. I had purposefully not stretched too far, but I could sense the building that we were within and a small area outside. My senses were keen and I could feel them pushing to spread further. As it was becoming apparent that I was unneeded here, exploration seemed the next most useful task I could accomplish. 

The Sergeant had sat, mostly silent and looking deep in thought, but as I stood to leave he looked across to me. I gestured to the door. “You want to come explore?” 

It was the gleeful grin of Danny that beamed back. “Sure thing!” I turned to look at Claire and the Underwarrior, but they were engrossed and so with a forward motion to Danny, we made for the door and quietly moved outside.  

The building was small and apart from the rooms we had been within, it consisted of a corridor which led to the front of the building where it looked out over the unlit portal. Now that I had nothing else to think about I let my mind roam and quickly I found half a dozen blank spots where halos were blocking my mind from reaching – guards. 

The nearest was moving across to the building we were in from one of the others that I could sense were slightly further away. Before he could step outside I paused the Sergeant by the door and reached out for the guard. It was almost second nature now to slip past the halo and with little effort I was inside his mind. 

I had been hoping, perhaps, for some sort of insight into the facility, but much like the guards I had encountered before, his mind was simple, programmed with only basic thoughts and commands. I moved into his memory and found, as expected, only the most basic memories of where he had been born and brought up. His mind had been cleansed, most likely on the very same machines that the heroes had recently occupied and he had been made into the perfect guard. He had no wishes, no desires, only a work schedule and the skills that he needed to do his job.  

Honestly though, I didn’t care how he had come to be like this, I was more interested in how long ago it had been since it had occurred.  Although his memories had been changed there would have to be some mark of the changes being made and deep in his mind I found what I was looking for. 

There were deep grooves in his memories where they had been scraped from his head; I followed them back to see how long ago they had been pulled. A part of me had hoped that they would go back years, but they were recent, very recent. 

So this had been done by my father. I wasn’t entirely surprised; his story of having taken over to make things better simply didn’t ring true and it seemed he was just as brutal as those who had come before him. 

I put that aside for now, first I needed to escape and then I could work out what was to be done about my Dad. My mind had been expanding out and at last reached the edges of this dimension; it was a little over half a mile across with the portal and buildings roughly in the centre. Beyond that was… nothing. My mind reached out and it was simply empty. There was no land, no air, nothing but void. 

I was intrigued and set the guard off towards the nearest edge at a gentle jog before I stepped out of the door with the Sarge behind me. “C’mon.” I pointed towards the portal. “I want to have a look at it up close.” 

The Sergeant was back. “It cannot be lit from this…” 

“I know, I know.” I waved him down. “Doesn’t hurt to look though.” 

He followed after me, enthusiastic as Danny again. “It’s pretty cool looking!” 

We moved across the open air towards the portal and as we walked I felt towards the building where the other five blank spots were. It was a dormitory of some sort and I slipped inside the minds of the remaining guards and found the same stripped memories. It seemed unlikely that they would pose any problem, but I shut down their minds just to be sure, leaving them breathing, but incapable of causing us any problems. 

We reached the portals and I circled round, seeing it up close for the first time.  Now I finally had time to examine it and I could see that the black metallic twigs that laced up the sides split into yet smaller branches.  These in turn continued to break into finer threads of metal which laced across each of the gaps in a fine lattice. They meshed together in such a way that it resembled a complex spider’s web, or maybe even a pattern of neurons.  

I ran my hand across the fine lace of metal work when I heard a shout from above and looked up. The Sergeant, or rather Danny, had climbed up the other side of the portal and was waving down at me. 

Danny’s voice almost squeaked with excitement. “Steve, come look at this?” 

Almost immediately Danny answered himself in the gruff voice of the Sergeant. “There’s nothing to see. God damn I’m coming down now.” He stiffly began to climb down again. 

It seemed unusual for the two of them to interact like this, it had never happened before and so I reached for their mind, but as I touched it I was thrust back. I reached again, more cautiously this time and watched as it pulsed and heaved. I could see the two parts of his mind had begun to push against each other. The Sergeant had grown stronger and now that he had enough of his function back he was rebelling against the other mind in his head. 

For the minute though I was more interested in what Danny had seen and so I slid between the two and then held the Sergeant down so that Danny could emerge. He began climbing up again and I could feel his excitement and so I followed him up towards the top of the portal. 

When I reached him he was sitting, seemingly peering down towards the ground at an angle. “What is it Danny, what have you seen?” 

He pointed into the tight lattice of metal. “It’s the portal.” 

I waited for any clarification but none came. “Uh, yes Danny, that’s what we’re clinging to up here.” I tapped the metal and it clanged a little. 

“No!” He sighed. “Look, it’s the *portal*!” 

He pointed again and I tried to follow the line of his finger but saw nothing, just a tangle of metal. “I don’t...” He grabbed my head and pulled me suddenly, making me grasp desperately for a handhold as I was dragged loose from where I was sitting. He pushed my head down into the metal and I yelped in pain and tried to struggle up until at last I saw what he had been trying to show me. 

Looking through the branches of the portal, seeing through the fine lace of the many strands of black metal it was possible to still see the edge of the portal where it joined the frame and lapped against the black strands. Moving my head just slightly and I could see it change colour and ripple in a new way and somehow I knew that each pattern from each tiny movement represented a different portal to a different place. 

Lifting my head I looked across at Danny with wonder. “The portal isn’t gone, in fact I’m not sure if it *can* go, so long as this is here it’s just still connected just not possible to see, isn’t it?” Danny didn’t answer but he moved his head back down to see the portal through the metal once again.  “How did you know to come up here Danny?” 

He shrugged. “I just knew.” 

“Did the Sergeant tell you?” 

Danny looked around with a look of disgust on his face. “He doesn’t want to tell *you* anything.” 

I considered for a moment. “But you can access some of what he knows?” 

Danny nodded. “I guess. I just knew he wasn’t telling the truth.”  

I considered this. “Come on, we need to get back to the others.” We began to climb down and as we did I made sure that the Sergeant was still suppressed. It seemed he had regained more of his mind that I had thought possible and that meant he was regaining his own personality. I had, perhaps, fooled myself into thinking of him as my friend, when in fact he had been a lobotomised shell who was now reclaiming his old mind. 

As we walked back to the control room I let the Sergeant loose again and immediately I could feel the resentment. Danny shrank back, perhaps sensing when it was time to make himself scarce. “Do you know what’s happened to you Sarge?” I kept my tone level and neutral. 

There wasn’t an answer for a moment, but when it came he spat resentfully. “I know what you are kid, you’re a damn telepath and you’ve done something to my mind, messed with me somehow.” 

At least we were talking honestly now.   “That’s about right. You have a choice, you can either help us or try to sabotage us and you’ll fail. It’s your choice.” We were growing near to the entrance and I paused just before we went in.  “Well?” 

He hesitated. “If I help you will you undo what you did to me and let me go?” 

I didn’t need to consider it, what he wanted was impossible anyway. “No.” 

“Then fuc…” I didn't let him finish, but balled his mind up and pushed it into a recess of his own mind and held it there, letting Danny resume control. 

“C’mon, let’s see what they’ve found.”I looked over the unconscious heroes and the cold sick feeling in my stomach grew. I tried to keep my voice level. “Okay, so explain to me why your control is any different than the people you took it from? From where I’m standing it doesn’t look like anything at all has changed. You still fight phoney battles with phoney fighters in the name of maintaining a ‘peace’ that only exists because it was forced on the world in the first place.”  

For just a moment I wondered if maybe he would just lay it all out and explain everything. Maybe this really *was* all just a big misunderstanding and he really was trying to stop all this. Maybe, maybe, maybe… 

This time I put my hand over his. “Look, if you really are trying to make things better then show me how, show me *something*. Surely there can be a better way than implanting memories and forcing them to fight against villains who have no control over their actions?” 

He moved his hand away. “Steven, you may have recovered your mind, but that doesn’t mean you have *any* understanding of what’s going on here. This is serous *important* work and I hoped that you would understand it, but it seems that you’re just not ready.” 

He shook his head. “Anyway, the process is complete. You’ve been here for a little over a week and I had plenty of time to complete my work *before* I woke you, so there is no need for any *discussion*. Now, I don’t have time to play your little games, so just tell me what you did to Sergeant Force or I’ll have to put him through the process with the rest of you.”  

He slammed his mouth shut as the last word left his mouth, as if trying to trap the words which he suddenly realised had escaped. The silence grew thick in the room. 

My head buzzed with adrenaline, my heart suddenly beating hard enough that I needed to catch my breath before I could speak. “So… that’s what you’re intending huh? What, did you wake me up for a quick hello before you attach the jumper cables to my skull and get a new personality implanted?” 

He took a step backwards. “Now Steven, it’s not *like* that. I wanted to see you and to speak to you. I missed you son and when I heard it was you I knew that you must have found a way to undo what was done. I was *happy* for you. I hoped that you would be reasonable and we could work together.” 

The sweet song of adrenaline had quietened a little, but my anger bubbled, calling for me to leap at his throat and tear it out with my teeth. Instead I forced a smile. “Huh, that’s nice. A quick ‘how’s it going son’ before rewriting my brain. So what new life have you planned out for me?” 

He held up his hand soothingly. “I saw your powers son, you’re a powerful telekinetic and that’s extremely rare. You’ll be introduced when the heroes return and brought straight into the Justice Crew, right in at the top! You’ll have what you want, a life that anyone would envy, using your powers.”  He leaned forward. “You have potential in you to be incredibly powerful son and I can help you achieve that. Just think of the things we can do!” 

“Ah.” I nodded. “So I get a new memory, a costume and you get to forget what you did to me and have a new toy to play with?”

He had been smiling, but now that dropped away and a sneer crossed his face. “Alright, that’s enough Steven. I’m not going to explain myself to a half-wit who has no idea how the real world works. Once you’re reprogrammed you’ll be happier and you can finally take your part in the world without fear that your powers will be misused. You were too dangerous to let loose on the world once, but now you’ll be in safe hands; mine. You’re going to be a huge hero son and I’m going to make you into someone I can be proud of.” 

I spat at him. “Fuck you.” He blinked in surprise and turned his head away. “You’re no better than the bastards who ran it before you.” 

He sighed and made a small gesture and pain convulsed through my head, forcing me to my knees. The guard from the door had walked up behind me silently and now stood with his baton placed near my skull, ready to drop me at my father’s word. 

My dad crouched down in front of me and reached out again and touched my face. “I’m sorry son, but this really will be for the best in the long run.” He withdrew his hand and I heard the small electrical whine as the baton charged and a moment later there was darkness. 

The darkness held me, surrounded me, but… I was aware. A tiny portion, a flicker of my mind had refused to allow the halo to shut it down completely and pulled me back, keeping a miniscule handhold in the real world. Like an ember growing into a flame, I concentrated on it and felt the world blossom back and my mind re-entered the world. 

I was being lifted, placed back onto the slab that I had risen from and the straps were being tightened again, this time pulled with less care so that I was absolutely fixed to the bed. Something cold touched my temples; it could only be electrodes being stuck down. My father’s voice was impatient. “Is he ready?” 

A finger pressed the electrodes against my head. “He’s ready.” 

I tried to move, but I was still pulling myself back into this world, fighting against the halo which pressed darkness in around me. I was aware, but unable to interact yet and even if I could my body was now strapped down and immobile.  

Dad’s voice came again. “Fine, go and get ready for the others to wake and I’ll finish up here. They’ll be awake any moment, just get them back through.”

Footsteps moved away and somewhere in the distance I heard a soft voice coming through speakers. “Welcome back heroes, your mission has been completed. You are now emerging from hyperspace, so not be alarmed if you are disorientated. Follow the attendants and you will be taken care of.” It repeated softly and after a moment I could hear footsteps passing for several minutes and the faint murmur of voices which faded away again. 

At last I felt I had enough control to try opening my eyes, but I kept them closed for now. If I was discovered then they could do worse things to me and in my current position I could do nothing anyway. I was like a patient who wakes during surgery; aware, but unable to prevent anything from happening. I listened carefully to the sound of my father and then after a moment the sounds stopped and I heard his soft footsteps as they crossed the room and his soft smell of soap strengthened. 

His voice was almost a whisper, he had leaned in close to me. “When I see you again you’ll be right where I need you to be and you’re going to make me proud son.” I felt his lips gently press against my forehead.  “This time.” 

The smell faded as he walked away but I could still feel his lips on my forehead and those last two words. I knew what I had been, I had been what they made me, but now I knew how he truly felt. His words sank through me and buried themselves somewhere deep, where they would fester and damage me. He would be made to pay for those words.  

My temples began to tingle and from somewhere within my own mind a whispering began and drove all other thoughts from my head. The notes were soft, gentle and coaxing, but none were actual words, just indications, pushing me and pulling me one way and then the other. 

For a moment I let myself drift as they massaged my mind, but then something pushed harder and I realised that they were more than just noise, they were moving things in my mind. Within the silence of the halo there had been nothing, no way to find or interact with my mind, but now that something was pushing and pulling I could finally feel things again. It was as if I had been sitting in a black room, and finally realised that it was not empty, but the lights were simply off. 

I followed the sensation and felt at where it had pushed at me and suddenly I could feel my mind respond to my touch. It was no longer intangible, but simply disguised and now that I knew where to feel the halo could not stop me. I pushed further, blindly feeling my way from one sensation to the next and at last I could sense my mind, hidden, but willing to respond to my touch. 

The whispers were becoming more insistent now, but with each push they let me feel out where my mind was a little more and understand how it was being hidden. Now I began to push back, pulling my mind to me, ignoring the call of the whispers and feeling myself emerge from the darkness. 

A glow appeared, faint at first, but I pulled it to me, used it to push away the dark and flood back the whispers that pushed in on all sides. Now, at last, I could see my mind, thoughts still ticking away and all of the pieces just as I knew they would be. It had been hidden, but the whispers had shown me where to look and now it was my own again. 

Exposed to the light of my mind, the whispers could be seen as the pathetic, puny pushes trying to intrude into the golden glow. Outside the glow I could still feel the halo as it tried to hold me inside, but now that I had control within the halo it had lost its power over me.  

It seemed so obvious; I pushed hard against the limits that the halo had set and the walls moved back, the darkness lifted and somewhere there was a clang as metal hit the floor and my halo rolled away – it had no more power over me. I could feel the pins they had pushed into my skull, but they came loose easily and joined the halo on the floor. I would not be trapped in my own head again. 

Now the world rushed back in at me, but it was not the world I had been expecting, it felt *different*, similar to the other dimension I had been in but less insistent and smaller.  The heroes were gone, as was my father. I could feel the three next to me, and then beyond I could feel the building we were in, but that was the extent of this place. It was a dimension in itself; somewhere private that the heroes could be stored I supposed.  

That was a matter for later, at this moment I concentrated and the straps that had held me to the slab ripped away and dropped to the floor, allowing me to sit up and rub my wrists. I pulled the electrodes from my temples and as they disconnected, the faint whispers finally stopped probing at my mind and at last there was silence.  

I took just a second to enjoy the quiet and then reached across and ripped the retraining straps from Claire, the Underwarrior and the Sergeant. For a moment I considered ripping away their halos and electrodes too, but I paused, unsure if it would free their minds or destroy them. Instead I stood and stiffly walked across to the wall of machinery to where I had last seen my father. 

Four sets of readings ran across the nearest monitor with one flat lining but the other three showing what looked like brainwaves – it could only be the four slabs in this room. Next to each brain wave a progress line had begun at the side, but none were over a few percent yet. Dozens of buttons with different indicators were on the screen and I scanned through them looking for some sort of cancel, but there was no indication of what to do. 

Pausing, I thought back to every computer system I had ever used and then pulled out the keyboard and hit ctrl, alt delete and waited. I smiled as the menu flashed up and I opened Task Manager – the system was built on Windows Vista and it took only a second to crash every programme and set the computer to restart.  

As the computer shut down and began the slow process of rebooting, I moved across and pulled the electrodes free from their heads. I could only hope that this had been the right thing to do, that I had caught them in time and it would be my friends who awoke.I sat for a moment and watched Claire, but even with the electrodes removed she didn’t seem to be regaining consciousness. It *had* to be that the halo was blocking her mind, keeping her unconscious, just as it had been for me. I reached out with my mind and felt the blank spot where her mind should have been, but, as always, the halo hid her from my view – she was invisible to my mind. 

This time though it felt like something was different. I had seen past the tricks of the halo once and now I concentrated on the empty space until I could finally see the edges where it had penned her mind in, holding it prisoner behind a dark shield. I reached for where dark met light, feeling along until my mind slipped under the edge of the darkness and then, with a grin, I began to pull. 

At first there was nothing, but I could feel the darkness bending away from her mind; I could feel it peeling back and all the time my grip was growing stronger. Then, at last, I saw a glow, faint at first, but guiding me in, showing me where to pull to reach her mind. 

I found it and held it to me, the neat and tidy little ball of light, so ordered, just as it always had been. I enveloped her, feeling as if I was keeping her safe and pushing back the dark to keep it from her. Then I simply spread my hands apart, split the darkness into nothing and her mind shone brightly, free of the darkness and free of any restraint. 

Her halo split, a crack forming and then it broke in two, falling onto the slab beneath her and then to the ground with a metallic clang. I ignored it, only interested in whether she would wake and if I had truly freed her by breaking her from the halo. Her eyes flickered beneath the lids and then slowly parted and she raised her hand to her eyes to shield them from the lights. 

She blinked several times and then focussed on me and just for a moment there was a slight smile. “What the fuck happened?” 

I couldn’t help but laugh at her accusatory tone. “Take a minute, you’ll be woozy at first, but it’ll wear off.” 

She looked to her side and saw the unconscious figures and then around the room at the various pieces of machinery and screens that littered the room. Her voice adopted an edge. “Okay, now seriously, what the fuck happened and where am I?” 

I had been awkwardly perched on the edge of her slab and I stood and stepped away so as to be less intrusively close. “Uh, look, let me just get these guys free of the halos or I’ll have to explain three times, okay?” 

She hesitated and then nodded, allowing me to turn my attention to the Underwarrior and Sergeant Force. I had expected resistance, but this time it was easier and I felt for both of their minds at the same time. The halo seemed almost comically easy to see past now and I puzzled at how it had ever managed to block my mind from the outside world. In just a few moments their halo’s clanged to the ground and a moment after that they both began to stir.

The Underwarrior was the first to sit up, groaning and holding his head. “What happened?” 

Claire looked across at me and folded her arms; clearly that was my signal to begin talking. “I don’t know much more than you, but we’re in the facility that they use to implant memories into the heroes.” I gestured to the window along the opposite wall and Claire and the Underwarrior walked over, but the Sergeant stayed sitting on his slab.

Claire let out a whistle as she saw the rows of empty slabs, electrodes strewn on the floor. “Holy shit, is that what they were doing to us?” 

I nodded. “They had only just begun, but yeah.” 

Underwarrior moved back to the beds and examined the snapped restraints. “This was your doing? You managed to get free?” 

I nodded, “I guess the halo didn’t work on me so well. I was able to pull you out once I got free.” 

Claire had been examining the controls on the computer systems. “Did you find out anything else? Like who exactly *they* are?” I paused, suddenly unsure what to say. “Steve?” 

“Uh, well…” 

The Sergeant spoke clearly, in his old voice. “It’s your father Steve, that’s who is in control now.” Claire and the Underwarrior’s head turned to me and I nodded weakly. 

Claire walked across to the Sergeant. “What else do you know, what else isn’t Steve telling us?” 

The Sergeant shook his head, his voice had retreated again and regained Danny’s tone. “I don’t know anything about any of this?” 

She turned and glared at me. “So did he leave you here to watch us, are you working with him?” 

A fraction of anger flared at the unfair accusation. “For fuck sake Claire, look around. I was strapped to a slab too, you think I’ve been having daddy and me time here? He told me that he took power from a secret group with the aim of making things better, but as far as I can see he’s no different to those he took over from.” 

She looked a little mollified. “So he didn’t make you an offer you couldn’t refuse?”

“No.” I could feel the irritation slipping into my voice and I let it. “I told him to fuck off and he left me here to be brainwashed into a better son. I was left here just like the rest of you.” 

The Underwarrior had been examining the computer that had finally restarted. “He’s telling the truth Claire, he was left here with the rest of us.” 

Claire frowned. “How the hell do you know?” 

He straightened up and gestured around the room. “Because that’s what the system says and I think that I built most of this equipment years ago.” 

My earlier examination of his mind came back to me. “It’s possible, you have gaps in your memory that looks like someone took parts out. Maybe this work is what they removed?”  

Underwarrior nodded but Claire was watching me. “How the fuck would you know what gaps he has in his memories?” 

I paused. “Ah, okay, well, you remember I said that there was a few other things as well as telekinesis?” She nodded angrily and I smiled weakly. “Well… it’s this.” 

She didn’t look happy. “So what, you can poke around and mess with our minds?” 

I held up my hands. “No, look it’s nothing like that.” I tried to ignore the fact that I had done exactly that to the other two men in the room. “It’s how I broke free of the halo, I use it for good.”

She looked unconvinced. “If I even so much as think that you’re in my head…” 

“You need to look at this.” I was grateful for the interruption by the Underwarrior and moved across to his side with Claire following. 

He had pulled up security footage and it showed the front of a long low building, but in the background the sky seemed to swirl. I let out a breath. “Is that outside this building? I suspected we were in a different dimension but…” 

He held up a hand. “Not that, just wait.” 

A moment later it began to scan back and as it passed the halfway point a familiar pillar of twisted black metal fragments came into view; it was a portal, but it was unlit. Claire tapped the screen. “So how do we get it working, how do we get out of here?” 

From behind us came the Sergeant’s voice, again. “We can’t light it from this end; it’s a one way process. We’re trapped here until they come back for us.” He smiled ruefully. “And that might be a while.” 

*****

Happy Friday everyone - I hope you've had a nice week! 

It's now time for me to start drinking - tonight, in a change from the norm I am going to be on dark rum and coke, as I have a real hankering. I may slip in a few bourbon's later on as well, as why the hell not? 

I'll be back on Monday and hopefully next week we'll be back to the normal schedule - there are going to be some really good bits coming up and I am excited to be getting to them.The silence spread out from Danny’s body, chilling the room. His body had been splayed across mine defensively and now pressed down on me, a literal dead weight. 

The Underwarrior stepped forward, taking care not to step into the pool of blood that had spread out next to Danny’s feet and broke the moment. “Jesus, what the hell happened here?”   

He had done what he said he would, he had protected me and he had done it because he had seen me as his friend. It hadn’t occurred to me until that moment, but Danny was perhaps the only person who had ever considered me a friend and had no ulterior motive in our relationship. 

I wanted to feel anger, fear, frustration, but instead I was flooded with sickening guilt and a wave of nausea. He had died to keep me safe and I would not have returned the favour. Indeed I would have happily sacrificed him if the need had arisen and it was only now occurring to me that was perhaps not right.  

I had let anger build inside me, based on very real grievances. It was fair, no, more than that, it was *right* to avenge what had been done to me on those who had done it, but Danny had been collateral damage. I forced the guilt to one side and held it down; someone would pay for his death. 

I tried to lift the body and manoeuvre it to the ground, but it was awkward and I paused to evaluate. I could feel that my own mind was still struggling to make itself back at home in my body and while it was slowly normalising, it was still a little stiff and strange. 

From over by the door the Sergeant spoke up, sullenly. “I don’t want to be here.” 

Underwarrior half turned. “Shhh, we’ll be going soon Sarge.”  

He folded his arms. “No, I don’t want to be *here*!” 

“He doesn’t mean this room, he means in his body, his life.” I sighed. “He’s lost too much and he knows it now, he’s seen what he has become.” 

I could see the dull glow of the Sarge’s mind had reluctantly retaken control of his body, but the same problems persisted that had been there before. His mind had been pulled apart so thoroughly that his memory and most of his senses were too damaged to work. In this condition he was effectively shut out of much of his own mind and having seen me controlling his body, he felt resentful. All that remained of him was the little dull glow and a body he could hardly control. 

Danny’s head sat cradled in my lap; it was nothing more now than a mass of flesh. I had been able to sense the moment when his mind slipped and then the glow of his mind had winked from existence; he was gone. Even now, more from hope than anything, I stretched out to his mind to ensure that there was no small portion left behind that could be revived. There was nothing, no glow, but I *was* surprised to see something flash white and then a moment later a second flash and then a third. 

I examined a little more closely and now I could see that each flash signalled a neuron dying and with it the synapses that joined it broke and emitted a soft flash of light as it happened. Now as his brain began the decommissioning and decomposing process, his mind lit up one last time as hundreds of little bursts of light.  

Of course, a brain holds *billions* of neurons and it only took me a few seconds to realise that most of those would still be undamaged and that left an interesting possibility. In a minute, maybe less, it would all be gone, but there was still time to salvage *something*. 

Before I had even decided if I wanted to try, my mind had begun to work, reaching first to Danny and starting to feel for chunks of his mind that were still intact. Next I moved to the Sarge, but this time he was less willing to let me back into his head and able to sense my approach. He pushed back, but had no hope of keeping me out and I forced my way past him, sending him scurrying back to his own sense of smell. 

I seized control once again, holding him still, while at the same time I found the areas of Danny’s mind that still remained intact and began to copy them over the corresponding parts in the Sergeant’s mind. At first it was small areas, but as I grew more confident I began to move whole chunks of Danny’s mind across, rewriting or amalgamating with existing neural pathways. 

Much had already gone from Danny’s mind, the frontal lobe in particular had disintegrated, but  I worked quickly to move across what I could, trying to replace like for like. Somewhere in the background I could hear the Underwarrior’s voice speaking, but I ignored it, pushing all else away until I had done what I could and then, at last, pulling back into my own mind. 

“…the hell is going on?” The Underwarrior stood over the Sergeant, who had fallen to the ground. My mind felt stretched, warped by what I had done, but already I could feel that the Sergeant’s brain was different, brighter.  

I finally lifted Danny’s head off me and lay it down on the ground. A little uncertain in my own body, I pushed to my feet and walked across to where the Underwarrior stood by the Sergeant on his crutches. He looked at me coolly. “What did you do Steve?” 

I hesitated, not through any unwillingness to tell him, but simply trying to parse what I had done and translate it into something I could explain. As if to help me out, the Sergeant stirred and held his hand to his head, then slowly sat up. 

I crouched down and felt forward for his mind. The dull gleam of his mind was certainly different; it had grown and at least in parts was much brighter. It now also appeared to be flecked as parts of each mind tried to intermingle and at some parts failed. There was only *one* mind, but its structure seemed to incorporate parts of both. 

I touched the Sergeant on the arm and he looked across to me. “Do you know who I am?”  

He seemed to consider the question carefully and at last smiled. “Of course I do Steve.” 

I returned his smile. “Do you know who *you* are?” 

The pause was longer this time and I slipped back into his mind to see the processes as they worked this question out. Much of his personality seemed to have remained the Sergeant’s, but I could see that the two long term memories were mixed together and this was causing him problems as each part of his mind disagreed on the answer. 

At last he came to a conclusion. “My name is… it’s Mick.” He paused. “Sergeant Force.” 

I nodded. “Okay, do you know what you’re doing here?” 

This time he answer came more quickly. “I wanted to see the heroes off, but they wouldn’t let me in as they said no mascot’s allowed, so they stuck me in here… with…” He looked around at the room, confused. 

He pushed off the ground and stumbled to his feet. The Underwarrior caught him and held him steady. “Hey, take it slow.” 

He shook his head. “I can’t I have to get back to the portal, I need to present my report.” 

I moved to his side to steady him. His mind was struggling to incorporate his new memories into the only damaged structure, but at least he was able to access those memories again. “Sure, we’ll get you there, but what’s in the report?” 

His brow crinkled in confusion. “The conversion list of course.” 

I smiled. “Well sure, but what is the list for Mick?” 

He shrugged.  “I watch the heroes, say who’s working well, who’s getting stale and who needs a trip for a little repackaging.” He sighed a little impatiently. “That *is* why we’re all here!” 

He tried to pull away but I held onto his arm. “Wait, is that what your role is, to decide who gets to stay a hero and who is getting stale and gets sent to the other dimension.” 

Underwarrior looked surprised. “Other dimension?” 

I ignored him. “Are you the only one? Is that what your job is?”  

He shrugged suddenly his body changing, losing its square shoulders and seeming to slump a little, “Jeezo Steve, I don’t know?” 

It was disconcerting, his mind was pulling from two broken systems and it seemed that which one answered you might be a case of luck, or who had the best information. I looked across at the Underwarrior. “He’s our key, with him we can get into the heart of this. This is our chance to fucking crush them.” 
 
The Underwarrior shook his head. “I’m not sure I even understand what’s going on, but we need help here, we can’t do this alone. If they can control *all* of the heroes then we’ll be squashed like before we can get close. He doesn’t even know who he is!”

I wondered if I might be better by myself. “Look, right now is the only time that we have any possible chance *at all* to beat them while there aren’t hundreds of heroes to stop us. We have to cripple them now, before the heroes are back in the game.” 

I had let go of the Sergeant and he had made his way to the door, but paused now and turned back to us. He waved us forward excitedly. “C’mon guys, let’s stop the heroes.” 

He happily gave us the thumbs up and then turned and walked through the doorway to be met with a solid Kevlar wrapped fist, which propelled him back into the room and flat onto the floor. 

The girl stepped into the room, her eyes flashing with anger behind her long red hair. “Not a chance you fucks.”  

*****

Ooof, long day but new part up – hooray! 

BTW - /u/Xaoc000 wins [best reaction]( https://www.reddit.com/r/fringly/comments/4behct/having_to_work_late_so_no_super_gym_today_back/d18r4yl) on yesterday’s post – you made me laugh when I was trying to be all serious and worker-fringly – thank you. 

I’m off to bed now. See ya tomorrow.I stumbled on the other side of the portal and then doubled over with nausea. It would pass in just a moment, but for a few seconds things went black and then slowly the world began to fade in again. Claire’s hand squeezed into mine and as my vision cleared I looked across at her and found her looking back at me, a rue smile on her face. We let go, straightened up and I turned into the eyes of twenty or so guards. They looked less friendly. 

“Did you think I would be so fucking stupid as to not notice when the portal activated?” My father stepped between the guards and stood just in front of them. “Perhaps you thought I’d just let you wander away and piss off without making a fuss? How dumb do you have to be to think you can walk into the middle of *my* base without expecting *me* to be here waiting for you?

His face was flushed red, but I felt calm, unbothered by his rant. “Hey Dad. Sorry for stopping by unannounced, I was just in the neighbourhood, y’know and thought I’d pop in.” 

His mouth opened and closed several times and then I saw him take a breath and calm himself. “So how did you get out? I pulled those straps nice and tight myself and saw your brain readings.” He looked to Claire and the Underwarrior. “I assume it *was* you that free you as those two were sleeping like little angels.” 

I waved my hand around airily. “Oh, you know, things happen. I’m sorry to disappoint you…” I let my voice drop low. “…but then I am my father’s son after all.” 

He’d had enough and gestured, a guard jumped forward, drawing his baton. He only made it a single step before I flicked out a hand and the guard’s head spun three hundred and sixty degrees with a distinctive crunch of bone. His body took another step with a confused look on his face and then fell forward and landed heavily. 

Underwarrior raised his hand to his face and rubbed at his temples. “Can we *please* try not to kill people?” 

I held up my hand. “Noted, I’ll try.” Underwarrior nodded. Claire said nothing. 

My father looked from the dead guard back to me. He shook his head sadly. “You could’ve been a hero son, we could have done great things together, but you’ve thrown that all away for some bitch and your petty pride.” 

I tried to see the face I remembered from my childhood, the kindly smiling man who had been so patient and loving as I grew up, but that man was gone. The only face I saw now was twisted into malevolence and it held no love for me.  

It was time to end this and I reached for him with my mind. He still wore a halo, but it was trivially easy to ignore it and slip beyond and into his mind. There was no resistance, but I was  surprised at its colour; instead of the soft golden glow that most minds had, it was a rich red and seemed almost inflamed, as if it was in pain.    

 

Thoughts jabbed back and forth aggressively and I could sense the different plans and concepts that bubbled up to the surface, all of which involved our death and his triumph.  That wasn’t all though, time and again there was something else; a golden gleam that hid at the back of thoughts, disappearing if I tried to see it or came too close. I followed it, curious to see what else flourished in this bed of anger and at last I managed to get close enough to see it clearly. 

It was small, but unmistakable and stood out against all his other thoughts. I found myself staring at him, unsure how to deal with what I had found. “You… you’re proud of me?” 

His face twisted, passing through confusion, anger and fear. His hand shot to his head and grasped the halo as if suddenly worried it had fallen to the floor, but it was still there, although he seemed uncalmed by its touch.  

He took a step back, still holding the halo. “You can…” For a moment he met my eyes and something passed between us, a moment of understanding, or perhaps just realisation that he had underestimated me. The moment passed and he dissolved into a small vortex of blue smoke and was gone. 

To my side Claire let out a whistle. “What the fuck just happened?” 

I half turned. “He’s a teleporter.” 

Her left eyebrow cocked. “You have a very interesting family Steve.” 

I nodded. “You don’t know the half of it.” 

The nearest guard, perhaps sensing that he was now in charge, took a step forward. “Alright, turn around and put your hands behind your back. You’re all under our authority.” 

I looked from him to the dead guard at his feet and then across to the Underwarrior who was grinning. Finally I looked back to Claire, who stretched her arms forward and cracked her knuckles. I gestured towards the group of guards. “You know I could drop them all with a thought?” 

She looked at me in fake shock. “Don’t you fucking dare. I really need to hit someone very hard.” 

Underwarrior nodded in agreement and I shrugged. “Fine, they’re all yours.”  

Behind us the portal coughed once and then the destabilised. The shimmering film split in half and curled back into the branches of the portal, absorbing back into its darkness. The guards, who had been bathed in its light, were cast into shadow, but it was the guard at the front who made the biggest mistake. His eyes flicked up as the portal closed and a spilt second of distraction was all Claire needed.    

His arm was grasped and he looked down to see Claire as she twisted it around, bending his arm in such a way that it forced him to bend backwards. Before he could react, her leg had spun up, pivoted above his head and crashed down on his face, driving him into the ground. The back of his head landed hard and a pool of blood began to grow around him. 

She turned and the foot that had struck the first guard spun around and caught another in the chest, sending him flying back. She used the momentum to sweep low, knocking a third down and then pushed herself up into a spring handstand, landing behind another guard and snapping his neck with a quick motion. 

The Underwarrior had launched himself forward as well, but instead of the whirling dervish that Claire seemed to be, he was clear and methodical. Each of his strikes was precise and designed to incapacitate as quickly and efficiently as possible. 

I stepped back. Although I had trained with my Uncle and others in the Justice Crew, I never developed an enjoyment for physical violence and I had little love for the feel of flesh hitting my knuckles. Apart from anything else it hurt. If they felt the need to fight then that was fine, but I could use this time more efficiently.  

My father was out there somewhere and wherever he had gone he would no doubt be looking for some way to harm us. My secret was out now, he knew that I could access his mind and he’d be careful, but how far away could he get? 

I had always taken care when letting my mind expand out before, believing that eventually I would hit a limit and worried that I would become lost in the tangle of minds that I encountered, but this time I was going to let myself go free. I needed to cast my net wide and hunt for one mind among billions. 

I took one last glance back towards the fight and watched as Claire held a guard as a shield, releasing a series of punches past his face before she climbed his body so that she could launch herself onto a group of three more and take them to the ground in a flurry of fists. Underwarrior moved from guard to guard, smashing a windpipe on one and then breaking another’s arm with two efficient movements, before dragging a guard off Claire and pulling her back upright. 

She shone with a warrior’s delight and immediately turned and punched a guard in the nose before aiming a kick at another. Already, just a few minutes after it had started, most of the guards were either on the ground or had lost the will to fight and were pretending. I felt a surge of desire as Claire spun and looked for someone else to hit.  

I turned away and stepped through the unlit portal, braced my back against the cold metal and let my mind expand. At first I could feel every individual as a distinct entity, but as my mind continued to move out and took in thousands and thousands of people, they began to blur and became little more than dots.  

I knew I would sense him as soon as I found him, but he had not appeared yet and so I forced myself to push further and let my mind go out much further than it had ever gone. Now there were millions of people who I could feel and soon there was tens of millions. I kept expecting to find some block to hold me back, but nothing came and so I continued to expand. Hundreds of millions of people touched my mind, but none were him. 

On and on it went until… it stopped. There was no further to go, no more space to check, my mind had reached every portion of the world and for just a moment I touched every human on earth. It was too much to hold on to and my mind had to let it go and began to shrink. He was not here, not on this planet, nowhere at all. 

I returned to my body and my senses returned as well. The fight was over and Claire and the Underwarrior had won; the guards were either unconscious or had fled and no more were arriving. Claire was flushed and walked over to me with a sweaty smile.   

I returned her grin. “Feel better?” 

She nodded. “Of course.” 

She flexed her arm carefully, testing it against some injury she had received and I waited until she had completed her movement. “My Dad’s not on earth, I checked literally everywhere.” 

She looked surprised, but didn’t dispute it. “So where is he then?” 

I held out my hand. “I was hoping you could help me with that.”The generator whined as I forced it to go beyond what it had been designed to do, but I had to push it in order to build up the charge needed to ignite the gate. To my left Claire had her hands wrapped around one of the thicker branches of the portal; she was waiting to try to find the right connection that would lead us home.  

I unclipped the radio from my belt. “Underwarrior, how’s the charge looking?” 

He was back in the control room, monitoring the levels of power and waiting to stabilise the portal as soon as it opened. There was a moment before the radio crackled to life with an answer. “Nothing yet, the power isn’t high enough to cause any kind of reaction that I can see.” 

I closed my eyes and let my mind map out the generator. Its components were already screaming as they were pushed far beyond the tolerances for which they had been built, but they had to do more. At this point my mind was holding each part, each nut and bolt together, to prevent them from flying apart and now I pushed them further, faster, squeezing out every drop of power that I could manage. We had long since gone beyond the limits of the chemical power source and I had ripped loose the diesel fuel system and thrown it clear. The heat being generated would have ignited it anyway and it served no purpose. Each piston was being driven by my mind, faster and faster until the very materials threatened to degrade. 

At last there was a crackle at my waist and a tinny voice issued forth triumphantly. “We’re getting something, just a little further.” I pushed just a little harder, doing my best to hold it together. The electricity seemed to sing out as it flowed from the generator into the portal, which absorbed it with a dark indifference. Each moment though, the potential was growing. 

The crackle came again. “Claire, are you ready? I can see the dials beginning to spike; it looks ready to find a connection to me.” 

I heard her voice, almost startlingly close. “I’m ready. Steve, can you reach me?” 

One portion of my mind continued to control the generator, pushing it to the very limits of what the materials would allow, while another portion of my mind split and reached out to connect with Claire. This time there was no hesitation, just an instant link as she accepted me and her mind wrapped around mine. 

There was a moment of pleasure as she melded into me and then I felt her stern concentration and it dragged me back to the moment. Now we were connected and I could hear her thoughts in my head. 

***Are you ready?*** She seemed so calm. 

I tried to relax and seem like her. ***Of course.*** I felt her pushing and our minds reached out and entered the portal network once again. At once the information surged out and threatened to overwhelm us, but I pushed back, allowing her to use my mind as a filter so that she could handle and use the information. 
 
This time I could follow her a little more easily and she seemed to have gained confidence in her ability to navigate the network. Instead of letting the information flow to her, she began to pull and manipulate the gossamer threads that stretched out in all directions. She plucked the strands like a spider testing for prey and watched as the vibrations rippled out until they reached the portal that she had identified as our home destination. 

She continued to pluck and as the vibrations grew, I was finally able to see what she was doing. Across the web of portals there were glowing connections, showing where the connections were established already between two portals. Each vibration shook these free as it rippled over the web and occasionally one would jump and join to another portal. 

She manipulated the vibrations and slowly they began to work the connections as she wanted, forcing the portals closer to a line which went between the portal we were at and the one we were trying to reach. Jump by jump they inched closer until at last there was no choice but for one end of a portal to jump and connect to the portal at which we stood. 

I felt it flick across, but there was no sign, no noise and I opened my eyes in surprise, to see if what I was sensing with my mind was occurring in real life. The portal had lit, a waxy film covering it, but not the same shimmering rainbow of colours I had seen on past portals. The ground seemed to vibrate a little, as if a great pressure had building, but there was no other sign and no further reaction from the portal. 

The radio spluttered to life. “I have a portal reading, trying to stabilise.”

I began to reach for the radio at my side, but almost immediately Claire’s voice answered him, clear and free of distortion. I looked up to see her still connected to the portal, holding no radio. “We’re not there yet. Hold off for our signal.” Underwarrior’s confirmation came back immediately. 

Something moved; it was a figure running forward and for just a moment I feared that a guard had broken free and was attacked as we were vulnerable. I could feel Claire pulling at me, urging me to put my attention back to the portal network but the figure was moving quickly and I had to turn to see them. 

They had come from one of the buildings and were running at a flat out pace, not towards us, but heading directly to the portal. It was Sergeant Force and his face was set with grim determination as he covered the last fifty metres and skidded to a halt in front of the waxy film. 

My mind was already split in two and with each side straining to maintain its action, it had no more left to reach out to him. I hadn’t thought of the Sergeant in a while and it was with a sickening hit to my gut that I realised I had not seen him since Claire had taken my hand and led me to the portal that first time. I had been holding the Sergeant down, preventing him from gaining control of the body, but from the moment Claire touched me I had forgotten both he and Danny completely. 

I fumbled for the radio. “It’s the Sergeant, he’s at the portal.” 

The Underwarrior shouted something back but it was lost in the static. It was too late anyway as the Sergeant had reached out and touched the film and watched as his hand was accepted. He turned with a smile on his face, gave me the finger and stepped through. He was gone. 

I jabbed at the button again. “Fuck. FUCK. He went through.” For a moment I had visions of chasing him, but they were delusional, the moment I broke free of my current actions the whole thing would collapse and it was entirely possible that after going through an unstable portal he was dead anyway.  

Near the portal I could see the generator glowing, it had passed red hot and was slowly moving to white and eventually, no matter how I tried to contain it, the components would simply melt and the power would fail. We didn’t have long to get the right connection and if the power failed before the portal was stable then we really would have no other option than to wait for someone to come to us. 

I looked back to see that Claire still stood, hands touching the portal, ignoring everything around her. I took a step towards her, but a frown had built on her face and I realised that it was my own distraction that was now hindering us. I had no choice, we needed to continue and I let my mind slip back to join with hers again. 

Once I had rejoined her she seemed to gather herself and I could feel that she had been waiting for me.    ***One more.*** The thought was strained as she released her final  wave of vibrations. They rippled across the entire web and shook every strand, causing a cascade of connections to flip and change as the wave moved past. Slowly it made its way to the middle and began to force connections into a straight line until a connection finally jumped. 

The air grew thick with an oppressive weight and electricity filled the air with the coppery taste of metal. It grew, becoming more stifling until it seemed as if the pressure would pop the very world. Then, at last, it broke. 

**WWWWWWWWHHHHHHHUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMM**

The noise filled everything, echoing for nearly a minute before dying away and leaving only ringing in my ears. This time when I opened my eyes the portal was as I had seen it before, a shimmering iridescent sheen of colour and motion that seemed to bleed into your eyes.  

The radio hissed to life. “Okay, now that *must* be it for fuck’s sake.” 

My radio was still in my hands and I raised it up, my hand shaking slightly. “Yeah, stabilise it.”  I glanced across at the generator. “Quickly would be good too.” 

I turned my concentration back to Claire, she was still linked to the portals and I gently reached out to her. ***It’s done, you found our route home.*** 

I could feel her mind, but something was different, somehow she seemed absent. I was still nervous to intrude uninvited into her head, but something felt wrong and I slipped into her mind to see why she had become unresponsive. 

Her thoughts still progressed but they were no longer in English, or any language that I had ever seen. They seemed to flicker past, flowing into and out of her head, but how I was unsure. Trying not to panic I did the only thing I could think of and gently enveloped her mind in my own, putting myself as a barrier to prevent anything further from intruding. Immediately I felt something pushing and trying to break through. It scrabbled ineffectively and then stopped, leaving me with a lingering sense of disquiet. 

Claire’s thoughts slowly began to move again, returning to normal and I retreated, returning to the world. A moment later she blinked a few times and I walked across, closing the distance between us. “Are you okay, what happened to you?” 

Claire sunk to the ground and sat with her back against the portal. She shook her head. “I… I don’t know. I think someone was trying to communicate with me through the portal.” 

I knew the answer would be no, but I had to ask it anyway. “My father?” 

She shook her head.  “No, I just… I’m not sure who, or what it was.” 

“Wait, what do you mean ‘what’?” 

She shook her head. “I don’t know.” 

Underwarrior’s voice startled us both as it called out. “I did it, it’s stable.” We looked up and he was running across the ground to us. “We need to go now though, it won’t last for long.” 

I reached my hand down to Claire and she took it, allowing me to pull her to her feet. “You ready for this.” 

She closed her eyes and took a breath and when she opened them I could see the fire was back. “I’m ready.” 

Underwarrior had made his way to the portal’s edge. “Let’s get the fuck out of here.” He stepped through and was gone. I walked with Claire to the edge and gestured for her to go first, but she resisted and held onto my hand. We stepped through together.BUGGER - PART 10 not 9!

*****

The portal reached out and pulled me in, flowing over me like a second skin and becoming part of me; absorbing me as a puddle claims a droplet. It passed through me as an electric shiver, each nerve firing hot, then cold and finally registering only the void that I had stepped into. One more step and I emerged from the other side and the portal reluctantly released me, although it seemed to hold onto me until the very last moment.

I had been holding my breath without realising, but now I released it and took my first breath in this new place. The air had a taste, like peppermint; it was cooling but without actual cold and I could feel it icily filling my lungs with each inhale. 

My reptilian brain had been registering something wrong from the moment I stepped from the portal and now it screamed at me that this place was *other*, it was different. Some primal instinct told me that I was far from home and demanded I return, but I took a deep breath of the chilling air and pushed back the feeling of unease as best I could. 

As I walked forward, I looked down to the ground and found that it crunched and flaked away into tiny shards with each step. It looked like rock, but each footprint sent webs of cracks shooting out and scuffed up rocks and slivers of stone. Everything seemed determined to be as clear as possible that this world worked on different rules!

The portal was raised up a little, as the ground around it had been worn away, leaving it slightly exposed. I could see the four who had gone before me were already walking down the slope, heading for a destination that they seemed to know and in no need of my accompaniment. I hurried after them anyway, looking around at the bizarre world I had stepped into. 

The feeling of emptiness in my head, that had been there since I put on my band, was exacerbating the bizarre feeling that this place had brought out of me. In the last months I had grown used to the general buzz of the world around me and my mind automatically feeling out each new area as I arrived in it. It was almost radar, automatically sensing all around me, feeling the mood and letting me scope out my surrounds before I had seen them. In this state I felt blind and vulnerable. 

Everything was wrong, even colour, as the sky and the light that came from it was a light purple and washed out the normal colours from the world. The sky itself was cloudless, leaving a clear a consistent colour that stretched as far as I could see with no deviation or change. 

There was something else though and it took a few moments to put my finger on. It was the sun, or rather the lack of one; there was no sign at all of where the light was coming from. It was almost a relief to see the obviously human buildings which we were approaching and then began to walk between them. I clung to their familiarity as a small comfort. 

I had been expecting… I wasn’t sure, a prison facility of some kind, but this was nothing like that, it was more like a small town. The buildings were similar to the ones that had been on the other side of the portal and laid out in long streets. They were simple buildings, built of metal and concrete sheets and they appeared to be modular, so they could be put together into either single or two story buildings. 

As we continued into the strange town, I began to see people on the streets, both young and old, but all dressed in the same loose grey clothing. Some seemed to have personalised it with torn off sleeves or bands pulling the clothes in more tightly, but no one wore anything drastically different. They all wore head bands, but they did not seem to be under control as the ladies who walked in front of me seemed. As they saw my uniform, they turned away and hurried up side streets, disappearing before I could get near enough to speak to them. 

The four continued to walk, staying in the formation they had begun in and keeping up a steady rhythmic pace. It occurred to me that if they were aware of where they were going, then perhaps they knew something more and could tell me about this place. I increased my pace and caught up to them and pulled alongside the girl who I had recognised earlier. 

She didn’t turn to look at me as I walked beside her, or make any sign that she knew I was there at all, but she was my best chance of information. 

“Hey, so have you been here before?” She gave no indication that she had heard. It occurred to me that she might only speak Spanish and so I thought back to the few words I had learned many years ago and tried again. “¿Dónde está la caja de lápiz?” I hoped I had asked where we were going, but there was still nothing.  

I looked across to see if any of the others had made any sign that they understood, but they remained facing forward and so I dropped back a pace again. It had to be these bands doing something to them and I gently felt around the band which pressed into my own head. 

What had the guard said about them? It was something about having to wear it to keep my brain intact and it certainly was able to have some effect on my mind, as it completely blocked my ability to sense the world around me. It must have done something to their minds too, cut them off somehow, but why were they acting like automatons?  

Something else he had said had also stayed with me, the connectors he had fitted to my temple, which still pressed into my head uncomfortably, were until they could fit a “proper system”. There was an implication in those simple words that promised things I did not wish to experience. 

We continued and the streets became busier as we went on, people moving quickly, sometimes carrying food or supplies and occasionally a bike passing quickly through the streets. Down side alleyways I could occasionally see small groups talking, but when I stopped too look they dispersed immediately. 

From time to time a few of the guards would walk past, although they were less like guards here and seemed more like police, or an army patrolling and controlling the streets. They wore bands, just as everyone I had seen so far did and they chatted quietly as they walked. When they passed I stayed close to my group, my eyes fixed ahead as theirs were and the guards ignored me and passed by without a word. 

As we walked I saw a face that I recognised, an old villain called Doctor Mephistopheles came out from a building and into the street in front of us. Surprised, I called out his name and he looked round, but seeing me he dropped the small package he held and darted for the opposite side of the road. 

I ran forward, but he was gone, disappeared into a side street and away before I could catch him. He was an old man, even when I was a boy he had been seen as an old timer of the villain world and it had been many years since I had heard about him last, but here he was in this strange place. 

He’d been powerful too, in his day he had fought against many Tier 2s and even stood against the original Atomic Man, but like all villains he had failed in his activities and I had assumed been jailed. This must have served as his jail. 

Above the general unease that I felt in this place, I was beginning to worry. I had planned none of this, but simply followed instinct and opportunity to lead me here and now was without a plan… of even a clear idea of where *here* was. 

I thought back to the series of events that had led me here so far. My understanding had been that villains would be rounded up and taken to a prison where they would be kept in a state of “quantum entanglement,” ensuring that they were utterly unable to escape. It had always been hinted that there was something *drastic* about this prison, which is why they would be transferred back to normal prison once the heroes had returned and were able to protect earth. 

All I had done today was follow the villains as they were caught and transported and it had led me to this place and so logically this *had* to be the prison that they had always talked of as inescapable. Indeed, this place seemed full of villains, but what had been done to them and why were they so afraid?  

While I waited for the prisoners to catch up, I moved into the road and picked up the package that Doctor Mephistopheles had dropped in his haste to get away. It was a grey box, marked with only a code SFR 00435 and the cardboard cover had a waxy feel to it. I slid my finger under the flap and opened the box to find 18 small foil packages neatly stacked inside and a sheet of instructions about survival food and  how to ration food in a group.  

I pulled one free and unwrapped the foil and found it was a hard biscuit. It seemed to match to the description of the survival biscuits on the paper and seeing it reminded me that it had been a long time since I had eaten and so I hungrily took a bite. It was simultaneously dry and waxy, but tasted just palatable enough and so I finished it and  slid two more of the bars into my pocket, before leaving the box on the side of the road in case Doctor Mephistopheles came back. 

The women carried on and I trailed behind until at last we turned into a small square which was surrounded by long low houses on all sides and at last we seemed to have reached the location they had been aiming for. They headed for a building on the far side and walked in without stopping. 

I followed, noting the sign beside the door – **CENTRAL PROCESSING.** They entered, turned left into a small room and then stopped and waited, their feet perfectly aligned with marks on the floor. I waited and a few minutes later a door on the other side of the room opened and a guard entered, holding a long flat paddle which had a number of controls along the handle. 

He nodded and grunted a greeting to me and then walked to the first of the women and raised the paddle to her head. The controls flashed and beeped and he twisted some controls and the band on her head glowed yellow softly for a moment. His controls beeped again and she seemed to suddenly slump, as if she had been held upright and then released; her eyes darted around the room and looked to the other women and then to the man who held the paddle. 

He waved her away impatiently. “C’mon, fuck off.” The woman backed away and stood on the other side of the door, but watched as he moved to the next woman and repeated the process. 

It took less than a minute and as they each seemed to unfreeze; they left as quickly as they were able. As soon as all four had reunited outside the door they departed, walking quickly and supporting each other as they went. I watched them go and then turned back to the man who was watching me. 

He gestured with a finger and we moved through the door at the back of the room into a small office and he gestured again for me to sit, before he did the same at the other side of the table. 

He fished around in his pockets until he found some chewing gun and then popped a piece in his mouth and chewed without closing it. “So you’re the FNG they warned me was coming?”  

I tried to work it out. “FN…G?” 

He rolled his eyes. “Fuckin’ new guy, Jesus you’re green.” He stood and walked round the table to me, took my chin in his hand and turned my head to one side and then the other. “Yeah, they got those temps on pretty good, you probably aren’t feeling any neural feedback, but we’d better get you properly fitted. 

He moved away to a metal cupboard and waved his hand in front of a strange lock and the doors slid open to reveal a collection of odd wands and many of the head bands in various styles. Some were much larger and had sizable LEDs across them, I guessed that they must have been older models than the ones we had now and wondered how long they had been being used. 

He pulled out a machine that had a wide set of pincers that opened several feet and then had a handle at the back. At the end of each pincer was a small set of spikes and my bad feeling from earlier blossomed into something akin to panic. I was no longer the weakling who had first walked into that gym many months before, but he was much larger than me and before I could come up with a plan he stood in front of me. 

“Okay, just hold still, when I deactivate your tracker it’ll hurt like hell until I get these clipped into your head, but then the halo will connect direct to your brain and it’ll be much safer.” He must have seen the fear in my eyes and smiled. “Don’t worry kid, despite what they say in orientation, you can last two to three minutes without a halo before your eyes pop so it’ll just be cripplingly painful.” 

He grinned, but I had finally reached the end of my ability to go along with this and I pushed back from my chair and tried to move for the door. He shouted something and then I felt a hand on my arm and before I could twist away he had yanked me back and slammed me down in the chair. 

“Fuck’s sake kid, relax, I was kidding, it’ll be fine.” I struggled but he had already brought the pincers closer to me and I felt the pressure on my head suddenly lift as the band loosened and he snatched it off my head. 

I paused, expecting the crushing pain, but… nothing. Then the world rushed in at me as my senses returned and it was like breathing again. I could feel *everything*. The building, the world stretching away on either side and… something else. I could even feel the people all around us, but they, like the guard in front of me, were still closed and I was unable to see their minds. 

He must have assumed that my pause was the pain and he let go of me and turned back to the pincers, muttering under his breath. He twisted knobs and the small spikes rotated and then began to whir quickly. 

The fear was gone and all that remained… was anger. He turned to me, but the pincers did not move with him as I held them in mid air and let him strain against them for a moment. He looked at them in confusion and then I eased them apart and snapped them in two; the little teeth blades slowed to a halt. He looked at them and in his eyes I saw realisation and they grew wide with fear. 

He tried to move, but I caught him and held him still, then rose from my chair to face him. He was straining to be free and I considered breaking him like the pincers, but it seemed so much more interesting to see what would happen if I removed his band. I reached up and tried to pull it free, but it was attached firmly, I considered trying his paddle, but first I wanted to try to yank it off his head.  

I dug my fingers in and at the back, where his hair grew under it and it was slightly looser, my fingers dug in and then slipped under the edge of the band. His mind opened up to me. It wasn’t east to read, it was flickering, as if I had a bad connection and I could only reason that the bad was still inhibiting it partly. 

In flashes I could feel his fear and pain, but it was too difficult to dig into anything much more deeply as I was repeatedly cut off as I tried to delve into him. There was just a split second of his mind each time, but even just seeing that made me feel somewhat whole again, as I was comforted by using my power. 

Suddenly my desire to hurt him was gone, killing or maiming him would only lead to someone coming looking for whoever did it and after all this effort, I wanted some real answers. I only had access to a split second of his mind, but it was enough to insert a memory, overwriting the last few minutes in his mind. He would only remember meeting me and everything being fine and that would be all; how he reasoned away his broken pincers would be his own problem. 

I freed my fingers from his head, but kept him frozen for a moment to keep him from interfering. He seemed like a man who would be fixing things on a regular basis and that meant he would have… yes, in the third drawer of his desk I found some superglue and quickly applied some to the band, or halo, that had been removed from my head. Pressing it on, it looked just like I was still wearing the halo, but now I could feel the world all around me.  

I dropped the glue back into his drawer and then released the guard who blinked and then smiled. “Well, nice to meet you.” He stuck out his hand and I shook it and walked out of his office and into the street.  

***** 

Happy Friday everyone, I hope you're having a good day and enjoyed today's part of the story. It's a bit longer than usual and that's because A - I kinda got into writing it and B - I am heading towards a major moment in the story (where we might actually find stuff out) that I am keen to get to and wanted to make sure that I got the story to where it's probably the next part when we'll finally get there. 

The bad news is that I have a busy as hell weekend and so I think it's most likely that the next part will be on Monday - sorry, but if I do have any time I also have another story I am writing that I want to put a bit of work into. 

Thank you for all your comments and for making these the most upvoted stories I think I've ever posted on my sub. It's very inspiring to keep going! Apologies if I haven't relied to your comment yet, I will get back to you eventually and I appreciate all the help. I really don't mind if you have a critique as it's likely only going to make my stories better and that's the reason I write! 

Have a great weekend all!I slowly held up my hands and took a step backwards, exaggerating my movements so that he could see I was making no aggressive motions. The day had passed and evening was slowly arriving, bringing a cool breeze which flowed up the street towards me, carrying Claire’s small gulps as she struggled for air. 

He held her awkwardly, her head pushed back and her body held off balance, so she could not break free without falling. He looked down at her and smiled, revelling in her pain and then back to me. “Well? Last chance.” 

I reached out to her, connecting to her mind and feeling the panic as she barely got enough air to stay conscious. Her adrenaline was surging, forcing her heart faster and putting further demands for oxygen on her body. To combat it I reached to her pituitary gland and let loose a burst of endorphins, making her body shudder, but the adrenaline slowed. 

I lowered my hands. “You know Dad, I’m really tired. I didn’t start out looking for a fight with you, hell I thought you were dead at first. When I got my powers I was so pissed at you, Mum, the government and the world, that I was more interested in tearing the world down than trying to save it.” 

He shook his head. “You don’t have to tear the world down Stephen, in fact it’s a pretty good world and I’d rather you didn’t do that.”  

I shook my head, a little sadly. “Look where we are. You want to blackmail me into supporting you? That’s the kind of idea a psychopath would have and I don’t see anything in you that would make me conclude you are anything more than a petty thug who got lucky.”

His fingers tightened on Claire’s throat and I could see the pulse in his neck as it throbbed faster. In the depths of his eyes I could see small red dots begin to burn as his anger built.” 

“Maybe worst of all though.” I smiled with just a hint of smugness. “Is that you constantly and unerringly underestimate *me.*”  

This was the moment; for the last minute or so I had been forcing Claire to push her throat *into* his hand, but now she relaxed and a fractional gap opened up. Into this tiny fraction of space I forced my mind and used it as leverage to force open his fingers. At the same time I raised my hand and the dust and dirt from all around whipped forward in a great blinding cloud that lasted several seconds. 

I pulled, angling Claire down, away from his hands, so that I could pull her free and back towards me… but he was ready. His fingers came loose but he was still able to slam her down into the ground and hold her there. 

He wiped away the dust from his eyes and, as it settled, he shook his head. “Really?” He looked down at Claire and then up at me. “I guess you’re either stupider or more ruthless than I thought.” He reached down and fixed a second hand around her neck and yanked her up into an almost standing position. “And now she is going to die.” 

He began to squeeze, but paused. “Also, and I want your little girlfriend to hear this, if you fucking telegraph that you’re about to do something, it makes it really easy to prepare yourself. All that ‘underestimating crap’, Christ Steven, you sound like a moron.” 

I shrugged. “Not any more! I suppose your point would be true if last time had been about getting her free, but I suspected it might be difficult. That’s why it was more of a distraction, so that *this time* might work.” 

A moment of confusion passed across his face and I felt his hands flex and his fingers tighten once again around her throat. He was fixed on me, his every sense straining to pick up my action the very moment that I did something. 

Underwarrior’s foot planted perfectly into the side of his face, imparting enough momentum from his jump off the roof to spin my Dad 180 degrees and end up sprawled into the dirt. Almost before Underwarrior had regained his feet I was at Claire’s side, helping her up. 

We didn’t have time for niceties. “You okay?” 

Marks were already beginning to rise on her throat. “Yeah, I think so.” 

I turned to Underwarrior. “You ready?” He nodded. “Then take her and go.” 

Five seconds after he had landed, he threw Claire’s arm over his shoulders and hurried her away, back into the building behind us. I stepped in front, blocking any pursuit, but my father was still sprawled on the ground and the assembled heroes simply watched me impassively. 

My father thumped the ground with his fist, leaving an indentation. “I can’t believe you telegraphed it a-fucking-gain.” 

It was hard not to smile. “I can’t believe you fell for it.” 

He pulled himself into a sitting position. “You realise that you’re going to die now?” 

I mulled it over for a second. “You were going to wipe my mind anyway, right? If I am going to be gone, then what difference does it make?” 

He slowly pushed himself up to his feet and dusted down his trousers. When he looked back up at me the whites of his eyes carried a red tint. “Well, it would have been a fuck-load less painful the other way.” 

I readied for him to attack, but instead he spread his arms out and tipped his head back. I felt a swell of power suddenly seem to blossom from his chest and when his head tipped forward again the whites of his eyes were now almost entirely crimson. 

I tried to ignore how terrifying he looked, like something from an effective horror movie that would haunt my dreams for a week. “So, what? This is it? We start throwing punches?” 

He let out a throaty chuckle. “Not *us*, no.” Movement behind him made me turn my head to see the six members of the Justice Crew step forward. “It seems more fitting if I let your friends do it for me.  

Fighting my father had seemed difficult, but fighting the Justice Crew? They fanned out and began to move towards me, while I stood, rooted to the spot, trying to work out any kind of plan that might include me surviving.  

One thing was obvious, fighting clean or fair was not an option. Any and every one of them was an experienced fighter and having sparred with most of them I knew that they could take me with or without powers. 

The biggest threat had to be taken out first and while he was not the strongest or most powerful, that was Ben Xtreme. Ben’s speed could make him impossible for me to react to and for that reason alone he needed to go down first. 

I hated this. Ben was the man who I had met on my first day at the gym, had always been kind to me and we had spent a lot of time together since then. Of course, this was not good news for Ben, as I remembered when he had walked into the table corner and the pain to his groin was bad enough that he sat out two missions.  

In the field he normally wore a cup, just in case, but I wasn’t even sure if they had dressed themselves here and he had no protection. I pulled a brick from the wall behind me and pulled it forward at speed, looping it through my legs so that he didn’t see it until the last possible moment and then bringing it up with as much power as I could manage and impacting directly between his legs. 

He didn’t make a noise, but froze and then slowly slid to the floor and stopped moving entirely. He was down, but the other five ignored him and still moved forward.There was a moment of disorientation as I pulled us free of the portal and untangled our minds so that we could both reconnect to our bodies. I let Claire slip back first and ensured that her mind connected properly; the red glow was stronger now, but I hoped that it would fade as it had before. 

As I returned to my body I felt two hands press on my chest and push me away. I fell backwards until my head cracked off the concrete behind me and the world slowly looped up and around in a dizzying blur. I regained my senses to find Claire standing above me, staring down at me with hatred; she spun on a heel and walked away quickly. 

I pushed up to my feet, but a wave of nausea passed through me from the blow to the head and I was forced to double over in pain. I reached out with my mind, but there was too much anger in her mind and it was impossible to break into the red cloud and influence her in any way. Perhaps I could have forced it, but I had no desire to break her mind. 

“Claire!” My voice echoed in the cavernous room but she didn’t turn back. I looked up and shouted again. “Underwarrior!” 

His head stuck out of the control room above me and looked down quizzically. I pointed forward. “Stop her, please!” 

He moved fluidly, a lifetime of heroics allowing him to step out, vault over the barrier and then drop the thirty or so feet to the ground and land dramatically in a crouch. He sprinted forward and grabbed Claire’s shoulder, causing her to spin round and throw a long roundhouse punch at his head. 

He ducked easily and grabbed her arm, moving behind her and putting her into a restraint hold as I approached. He looked at me in confusion. “What the hell happened to Claire?”  

I rubbed the back of my head. “Just hold her.” Underwarrior did so with difficulty, as she snapped and did her best to twist around and bite him. I reached out and touched her mind; it was still dark and the red rim around the edge had not faded as quickly as it had before. The effects had to be cumulative somehow and it made me wonder what kind of exposure my father had received. 

Her fractured thoughts resonated back and forth across her mind and I did my best to sooth her as slowly the colour began to fade. I watched her fragmented thoughts as they passed back and forth, not bothering to even try to observe them directly until one passed closer to me and I realised that within the jumble there was something else. 

Even as fractions of thoughts, they were still enough to influence her and I quickly moved to intercept them, but they tumbled and spun away from me so that I only saw tiny pieces of the whole.  There was pain, anger, fear and everything I had expected, but below that there was something more. It seemed ordered, almost like commands? 

At last the red faded and her thoughts returned to normal so she had stopped struggling. I pulled free of her mind and returned to the real world. “Are you back Claire?” 

She blinked rapidly and then looked around at Underwarrior, who released her from his grip. “I… I think so. It felt different that time...like I was unable to catch my breath.” She looked around. “I don’t remember leaving the portal?” 

Underwarrior looked worried. “What happened to you in there?” I moved Claire to a nearby seat and she sat down and then put her head between her legs. Underwarrior checked her pulse until he was satisfied and we moved a short distance away to talk. 

I tried to explain but it was hard when so much had been based on thoughts and the way things had *felt*, but at last Underwarrior understood as well as he was going to. “Do we know anything more about these ‘Advisors?”

I shook my head. “They’re connected to my father somehow, but I don’t know if he controls them or the other way around. I think they hoped to establish control over Claire, but I got her free in time.” I looked to where she had her head in her hands and added quietly. “I hope.” 

A shout came from the far end of the building and echoed across the cavernous floor. “There they are!” 

I looked up, twenty or so guards had entered the building and were moving towards us at a quick trot, not running fast, but closing in. I moved to Claire and put my hand on her shoulder and she looked up at me; she seemed tired but nodded.  

I glanced over to the Underwarrior, “Did you have time to do what was needed?” He also nodded. “Then let’s get the hell out of here. Claire was right, we need to regroup.” 

Claire wearily pushed herself from the chair and I moved to put an arm around her but she shrugged me off. “I’m fine.” She smiled. “Let’s just get out of here.” 

Underwarrior looked around and pointed. “Let’s take that door and we’ll head for the hanger. There was plenty of transport there for the three of us and it was close to the boundary if we need to go on foot.” 

The guards were closer, but they seemed in no hurry to reach us. It didn’t even occur to me until we had reached the door and moved outside that they hadn’t *wanted* to reach us, but had been sent to scare us along.   

The door gently clicked shut behind us and I looked us into the faces of my old friends. “Hello Steve.” My Uncle smiled at me, using his broad goofy smile that he had saved for when I was a kid and we were playing around. 

He stood flanked by the remaining members of the Justice Crew. Golden Warrior and Bronze Tiger were on one side, while Ben Xtreme, Human Arrow and Lady Amazing were on the other. They looked an imposing group, but more so was what stood behind them; every active hero was lined up and were watching and waiting for us. 

I looked across their faces, some I recognised, like Captain Stupendous, Giant Revenger, Doctor Metistopholes and the Youth Force Super Team, but many more were simply capes. They stretched back in lines, standing quietly and I was surprised to see that they were not wearing their halos. 

“Hi Uncle Max. What brings you out today?” It sounded a little weak and I tried to compensate by fixing what I hoped was a stern look on my face. 

He ignored the question and looked to my companions. “Hello Underwarrior, good to see you. Now this must be the girl I have heard so much about. Nice to meet you dear.” Claire stared but did not reply. 

His stepford wives-esque delivery was creepy and I was already tiring of this game. Seeing as they were not wearing halo’s any more it seemed almost an invite to let my mind slip forward and enter their minds, I was in my Uncle’s a second later. 

It felt… fresh. His mind ticked over with no discord and when I moved into his memory the files were lined up perfectly. There were no half remembered weekends, no suppressed mistakes, no drunken blackouts, just what had been left for him. Even his origin was clear in his mind; he had been found tucked into a meteorite and raised in a Midwest town, forming old timey sensibilities and manners. The lie was perfect. 

What I did not find though, was why he was there, or why *any* of them were there. It was as if they had been left in the street and forgotten about, but it was hard to believe in coincidences. I had no desire to hurt him and so I reached in again and prepared to send him to sleep, to send them *all* to sleep until I could work out what was going on. As I moved to make the change it became clear that I was not alone in my Uncle Max’s head. 

I pushed hard into the hypothalamus, sending the command to sleep, but there was no response and my uncle still stood, fully awake. Confused, I moved back to his cerebrum, but now I could no longer see his thoughts, I was being pushed, slowly but inexorably from his mind and a red mist was spreading to seal me out. 

Claire glanced over to me as I unconsciously gasped. “What’s going on?” 

It took me a moment to answer as I danced from mind to mind, checking each, but finding the same. I was locked out and unable to gain access. “I can’t… their minds have been closed off by the red, they’re blocked somehow…” 

“Frustrating isn’t it?” My father’s voice carried clearly as he walked across the clearing and stood between us and the heroes. “Just when you think you have something figured out, some *wanker*comes along and messes up your plans.” He winked at me. “Sorry son, but once I realised that you’d been hiding your real power from me I had to call in a favour to ensure that you could be handled.” 

Underwarrior shifted nervously behind me. “Steve, we can’t fight these people.” 

I didn’t take my eyes off my father and spoke out the corner of my mouth. “If we have to fight them then we will. I don’t want to fight my friends any more than you, but we may have no choice.” 

“No, no, it’s not that.” He sounded almost amused. “It’s just that they’ll kill us. Really quickly.” 

I glanced back. “Alright then, we’ll try not to do that.” 

My Father stood waiting. “Let me be clear Steve, if you try anything at all, you are utterly fucked. I would prefer that we just kill you outright, but you hold too much power, too much promise and so I have one final offer for you.” 

He raised a hand and something blurred; Claire was suddenly across the clearing in the hands of a tall thin man, who pushed her towards my father and then was gone in another blur. Taken by surprise she stumbled forward and he kicked her legs out from under her, grabbed her throat and held her in a choke hold. I took a step forward and he pressed down, making her gasp for air. 

“Here’s the deal Steve. Agree to everything I want, or she dies.”She laced her fingers through mine and then looked up, waiting for me to nod and confirm I was ready. “Is it really possible he’s in another dimension?” 

I hesitated. “Honestly, I don’t know, but I don’t see where else he could be.” I could sense that she was holding herself back from asking something. “What is it?” 

She paused for a moment. “I just… I don’t know how you could be sure? I mean, how could you have looked across an entire planet? There are billions of people.” 

It was hard enough to understand myself. “I don’t know how to explain it, my mind picks up each person but it’s not like I am seeing into all their minds. When I let my mind expand, it becomes like looking down on a crowd. I can’t get specifics, but if someone was to shout my name then it would get my attention. I know that if I had come across my Dad then I would have felt him.” She seemed to accept that. 

She looked around at the huge building in which we were standing. “Steve, what’s our next move in *any* of this? We were looking for the people behind this and we found your father. I know we beat up the guards pretty easily, but he has super powered people under his influence, not to mention…” She lowered her voice. “…Galactico and God alone knows who else. Maybe we should regroup and work out what we want to do.” 

“No!” I surprised myself with my own passion. “There isn’t going to *be* a better time than this. My father has fled, we *know* what they were doing to the heroes now and Galactico is… well he’s still a problem, but he’s not invincible. If we can find my father *now* then we can stop him before *he* gets a chance to regroup and he’ll be a hell of a lot more dangerous than we are.” 

Claire was looking at me with concern. “Steve, it’s going to be okay. We’re going to do this... together.” She smiled and I felt tears beginning to well up and forced them down. She meant it and I wasn’t sure if I had ever felt someone supporting me.   

I took a breath. “Okay, look, if we don’t do this now then we might not ever get close to a portal again anyway. Let’s see if we can find him and then we’ll decide. If going after him is the right call then we’ll do it, if not then we’ll regroup.” 

She nodded. “Okay, deal.” 

I had been standing with my back to the portal, but she deftly manoeuvred us around until it was her back pressed against the black metal. She held one of my hands in each of hers and pulled me close, then moved her hands behind her back to touch the metal, so that I was pressed up against her. 

She cocked her eyebrow. “Ready?” 

I glanced around, for the moment we were still alone. Underwarrior had gone up to the control room to try to understand the portal better and no more guards had arrived. My face was only inches from hers and I longed to just reach down and kiss her. 

“Ready.” My voice was almost a whisper.  

She closed her eyes and a moment later I followed her lead and then let my mind slip forward and connect with her beautiful glow. Together we felt for the tug of the portal and let ourselves enter the network. 

This time it was easier than it had been before and almost immediately I had our bearings and could see the pathways mapped out before us. Our minds were fused, working together easily as we shared our power. I could feel her pulling us forward and guiding us and my mind clearing the way and keeping us steady.

She felt more confident than I did and her thoughts were clear. ***So how do we do this?*** 

It was a fair question, searching something on the scale of this web was unimaginable and I was beginning to regret my earlier insistence. Each point signalled something significant; a new dimension, a new planet or possibly something entirely unknown. 

***Uh, to be honest I don’t know. I was hoping that when we got to that point I’d just feel it.*** 

I could feel her amusement, but it was warm and affectionate. ***I like the optimism. So what feeling are we looking for?*** 

***I’ll show you***. I pulled myself back a tiny amount to feel around inside my mind. When I had touched my father’s mind it had left more than just a memory, it had left feelings and emotions which were all tied together. I tried to lift these from my mind, but they were too complex and too linked together to be able to separate and present to her. 

Instead I reached forward and this time pulled her back with me and drew her into my mind. I summoned my feelings for my father and she was bathed in the red glow of his mind, feeling everything that I had.  

***Stop it, please!*** She twisted away from me and I let her pull free of my mind. 

She recoiled in shock, and curled into herself for safety. I reached for her and at my touch she relaxed a little and let me entangle with her once more. ***I’m sorry, I didn’t think, I just wanted to show you what he is.*** 

Her mind shuddered. ***I’ve never felt anything like that before. Is that what you see when you look inside other people?*** 

***No, not most people. My father though, he was something different.*** 

I felt her calm down a little. ***Well, I know what we’re looking for now.*** She was filled with another emotion which at first I mistook for sympathy, but it was more complex than that. It was empathy as she put herself in my place and tried to understand how difficult it was for me. ***I’m sorry that you have to deal with this Steve.***  I felt choked, unable to respond to her. She didn’t force it and a moment later I felt her pull us onwards. 

We had travelled along the web way and as we arrived at our destination, Claire reached forward and I could feel her examining the portal.  I could feel the twisted metal of the outline and it seemed to flex and flux as we observed it; it was something like a window, but only the most general impressions of light and space came through.  

***Can you feel him?*** Claire was holding us steady, doing her best to allow me to examine whatever it was that was spreading from the portal. 

I could feel very basic aspects, but beyond that there was almost nothing. ***I don’t… I don’t know if I can tell anything much from here.*** It was disappointing and frustrating. 

Claire wrapped around me and I felt her power as it connected to the portal. She could talk to this system better than I could and she was pushing me on, into the depths of the portal, deep below the surface. 

As we reached the very heart of the portal the black metal became covered in crystals which shone and glowed as we passed over them. Their position and angle all seemed to portray meaning, but I could understand none of it. Claire, however, seemed to see things more clearly and I followed her as she moved and manipulated her way around.  

At last she paused. ***I think it’s some sort of records system. Perhaps showing how the portal has been used, but it’s much more than that. It seems to link with the world it’s connected to and so if you father came here then it’s possible he will have left an impression.*** 

She pulled back a little and grasped a series of shards of light and lined them up before playing each in turn with a sharp tap. They sang of light growing and life returning, a springtime with promise and warmth which brought new growth. 

At last I could see it, at last I could understand what Claire had been able to see. ***It’s memory.*** Claire glowed in pleasure as I understood what she had seen. I continued to mutter to myself. ***The world is reflected in the portal and it picks up a portion of that and crystallises it within itself.*** 

I looked around, now it made more sense, it was a little like the long term memory storage within a person and I could navigate my way a little, although I still needed Claire to filter my perception. ***We need to find today and see if he left any record.*** 

Claire pushed us back and we retreated out past rows of crystals until at least we reached the outer layers of crystal, where new crystals were growing on the black metal surfaces. She began to move us across the outer layers until she suddenly paused and pointed. ***There, look.*** 

A crystal had grown, just a few layers back from the edge, but instead of shining as brightly as the others, there was a tinge, a red edge which seemed to bleed into the air. We moved forward and Claire pulled free the crystal; another one immediately began to form in its wake to heal the wound. 

I ran my hand across it and then tapped it lightly, as she had and felt the vibrations as it played. The feeling was familiar, it was unmistakable, but it was also so faint that it passed almost immediately. I could feel the excitement from Claire. ***He was here.*** 

I touched the crystal again; his feeling was so very faint. ***I don’t know if he came here or just passed by, but I don’t think he stayed. I don’t know if this can tell us much more, we should continue and see if his trail continues at more portals.*** I felt her agreement and in moments we had pulled back from the portal and moved on to the next one. 

The next one felt different and when Claire pulled us inside there was clearly not a world on the other side of the portal. There were far fewer crystals here, but that helped us to locate the one we were looking for more easily and once again the red tinge was present. Claire felt almost excited. ***He was here too. We must be on his trail.*** 

It was perhaps only because this portal had so few growing crystals that I noticed, but since we had arrived a crystal had sprouted and was growing more strongly than any of the others around it. We moved to it and I could feel our presence emanating from it strongly. 

It worried me. ***We’re leaving our own trail.*** 

Claire seemed less concerned. ***Well, at least that shows it’s plausible that we’re following his.*** I conceded the point, but it did not do anything for the disquiet I felt as we moved on and left this portal behind. 

At the next we found the same, a trace of him but nothing more, as if he had passed by quickly, but had not stopped and so the pattern continued for another five or six. Each time the trace was identical, a single crystal growing with just an edge of red and Claire’s excitement grew as we progressed. 

She seemed to enjoy the hunt and pushed to go faster as we moved to the next portal. It seemed as if we were following the trail, exactly as we had hoped, but as we found each trace and moved on I began to feel almost as if we were not following, but instead perhaps being led. 

At the next portal, as soon as Claire had found the tainted crystal, I paused. ***Wait a moment. Nothing seems to be changing as we go forward, maybe we’re looking at this the wrong way. Instead of chasing forward, perhaps we need a new plan?***

***No.*** Her thoughts were cool, but there was an edge of hostility that I had not felt from her before. ***We cannot stop, not now.*** 

She tried to move, but I held her back. ***What do you mean? Why not now?*** 

There was a pause and then suddenly I felt myself pulled forward, she wrapped around me again and we pushed off from the portal at speed. I let myself be pulled along, but reached into her mind, to try to understand what was happening. 

All the pieces looked the same, but the bright golden shine had somehow dimmed and all around, at the edges of her mind, I could see a faint, red glow.As soon as we were through the door, Underwarrior gently let me slide to the ground and then moved quickly to rip a length of pipe from the wall. He jammed it through the handle, bent it off so the door couldn’t open and leaned against the wall for a moment. 

“It won’t hold him.” My voice was slowly recovering, although it retained a raspy growl. 

He sighed and shook his head. “No shit, but it’s to stop the debris.” 

“What debr…” The explosion outside came in three waves; the first and second were quick barks of explosives, sending only small shudders through the ground, but the third shook the building like a leaf in the wind and for a moment there was no noise as the pressure wave passed *through* the building. Sure enough, what sounded like chunks of concrete hammered against the walls and door for the next thirty seconds as it fell to earth. 

I flung myself flat, letting my face press against the cold concrete and just for a moment I closed my eyes and tried to let my body melt into the floor beneath me. Every inch of my body had been punched, crushed, or otherwise damaged and when Galactico had squeezed and the darkness had come, I had almost welcomed the end of the pain. 

My morbid line of thought was broken as Underwarrior reached down and shook me. “C’mon, get up, we don’t have long.” 

I looked up at him from my comfortable position on the ground. “What *was* that?” 

He glanced towards the door. “CX-3, my personal blend. I stuck the equivalent of about fifty kilos of C4  on his back when I took him down. He shook his head. “But it’s not enough to kill him and it might not even hold him back all that long.”   

“Jesus Christ, can he be stopped by anything?” I pushed to my knees, my body aching and my throat raw. I reached into my mind to sooth my pain, but every nerve was firing and to mute them all would require unconsciousness. It didn’t seem like a terrible option. 

Underwarrior was watching me carefully. “Yes Steve. You.” 

Something bubbled up out of me and it took a second to recognise laughter. “Me?” A wave of self pity washed across me. “If your great hope is me then we’re all fucked. You saw what he did to me out there! He’s too strong, I *can’t* fight him.” 

I didn’t even see the hand as it blurred towards me, but the slap rocked me back. “Are you a fucking idiot Steve? You dragged me into this to get to this *exact bloody moment*. If you don’t see it through then it’s all pointless. Just follow the plan and find Claire. All that can happen is you die” 

He was right. Suddenly the pity was gone and I was filled with shame. “I’m sorry, I…” 

He turned away. “We don’t have fucking *time* Steve.” He reached down and pulled me to my feet and I saw the brace that was still fixed on his leg from where I had broken it, no, where I had *shattered* it. I reached into his mind and found that the pain was constant, but he pushed it back, managing to ignore it, even without the abilities that I had. He refused to let it control him and I felt my own resolve grow. 

He turned back, his voice a little softer and put his hand on his shoulder. “Find Claire – you bought us time before, now I’ll return the favour.” A flicker of a smile crossed over his lips and then he nodded and turned away and I did the same. 

The corridor was long and straight and I jogged down it carefully. My mind felt as battered and bruised as my body and while I tried to sense ahead, I also listened carefully and where side corridors crossed over I stopped and checked before proceeding.   I reached the end of the corridor and took a moment to glance back to check on the Underwarrior; I could still feel him behind me. 

He had removed the long black protective shirt he wore, cut it into strips and done his best to wrap it around his leg, pulling it as tight as he was able to hold what was left of the cast in place. I watched for a moment as he pulled the last of the makeshift straps tight and then he tested his leg on the ground and seemed satisfied with its ability to hold his weight. 

He head popped up and a moment later I heard it too, a low rumbling growl that seemed to be growing, getting louder by the second. He glanced around and took a step back towards the door and then glanced up and his eyes met mine as the wall behind him collapsed and he was pulled out into the dust beyond. 

My instinct was to run back, to go after him, but his last words were still fresh in my mind and I turned back to my own direction. Still I reached out with my mind and was relieved to find that he had landed outside unharmed.  The CX-3 had carved a huge crater and Underwarrior had been dragged across to the far side; I borrowed his eyes for a moment and scanned through the dust; it didn’t take long to find what I was looking for. 

Galactico stood on the lip of the crater, his gold and purple costume burned and torn, barely controlled anger drawn on his face. “One of your *fucking* toys Underwarrior? I hope you have plenty left as I am going to rip your powerless body in half otherwise.” 

Underwarrior always moved carefully and was no different now, gathering his feet underneath him before standing.  “I don’t need any toys with you Galactico, I proved that just before. You have strength and speed, but you have no *skill*, no ability to fight. All your life you got past people by simply being able to be stronger or blitz them with speed, but it doesn’t work with me does it?” 

Galactico growled. “Because of your fucking toys.” 

“No.” Underwarrior chuckled slightly. “We both know it’s not that. You simply don’t have the brains to compete with me” 

Galactico’s expression had not improved and his voice was soft and dangerous. “I have something else though.” 

I was still within Underwarrior’s mind, passively watching as I slowly edged my way to the end of the corridor and peeked around into the main chamber. Galactico didn’t move, but the corner of his mouth curled up into a sneer and then I felt it. He had lashed out at Underwarrior’s mind and I felt the pressure grow as he tried to force his way inside, but he couldn’t. 

I instinctively held him back, as if he was invading my own mind, but I was extending the protection across to Underwarrior as well. As he had when he attacked my mind, I could feel the scrabbling as Galactico tried to get in, but it took almost no effort to hold him back. The corner of his mouth fell and then his brow knotted as he redoubled his effort. 

In the middle of the building my grin was as wide as it was able to go. Not only was Galactico locked out of Underwarrior’s, mind, levelling the playing field just a little, but now both of it were also aware what I was doing. 

Galactico shook his head and the scrabbling cleared away. “Your little punk friend might be able to stop my getting into your head, but that’s the last of your tricks that’ll work on me. Now I just have to beat you to death with my hands.” 

Warrior straightened himself.  “Then so be it.” 

I felt Warrior make for higher ground and I left a portion of my mind with him, enough to keep Galactico out, but pulled my concentration back to my own situation. I peered round the corner of the corridor and seeing the coast was clear moved across and ducked down behind some crates that had a clear view across the entire floor of the huge building. 

As I knew it had been, the portal in the centre of the room had been lit, but the film that flickered across its front was unlike any that I had seen before. Shadows seemed to pass across it and instead of the iridescent glow that had exuded from it before, no light seemed to escape, indeed light seemed to be sucked in towards it, unable to escape. 

Arrayed in front of it and across the rest of the floor were twenty or thirty heroes, including the remains of the Justice Crew. I looked, but at first could see no sign of either my father or Claire until some movement from above made me look up. At last I saw them, in the control room, thirty feet above the floor; between their position and mine was every hero in the building. 

I reached out with my mind towards them and could feel the red energy still searing through my father’s mind, blinding me with its power. Each of the heroes in front of me had a portion of the power still within them, blocking my ability to access this minds and creating a red haze across the room, making it harder to sense ahead with my mind. 

A jolt from elsewhere shook my mind and I flicked back to the fight outside. Underwarrior had made it to level ground and Galactico had followed and now was releasing a flurry of punches, each of which moved at speeds and with strength enough to rip Underwarrior’s head cleanly off, but all of which missed. 

The thoughts in Underwarrior’s mind didn’t just move more quickly, but they connected, both with each other and somehow with the rest of his mind as well.  Instead of them being individual pieces which fit together, they seemed to arrive fully formed within his mind, the pattern already determined and it allowed him to anticipate and react to each attack before it was even made. 

For both of us time was short and if Underwarrior fell then there would be only seconds before Galactico found me. I needed a miracle, but I had only myself to rely on.I stepped back until my back was pressed against the wall of the building behind me, it left me with less manoeuvrability, but at least they couldn’t flank me. The Justice Crew walked slowly, splitting up and spreading out as they came, making it hard for me to watch them all at the same time. 

Seeing my friends approach carried an extra threat as I knew what they were capable of… yet, it didn’t feel quite right. I had seen the Justice Crew in action dozens of times and this wasn’t the way they fought. There was never a slow approach, when they attacked it was at speed, attacks coming at all angles and speeds, but here they were, playing with me it seemed.  

I let my mind reach out to them, knowing I would not find much, but it confirmed that each of their minds was aglow with the red energy that seemed to seep from my father. Any attempts to connect, or even examine them was impossible. 

I looked past them to where my father watched. “Do they even know what they’re doing, or are you controlling them?”  

He laughed. “They follow the bidding of the power Steven, just as we all do.” 

I looked at their blank faces and muttered to myself. “Yeah, well, that means jack all, doesn’t it now?” 

Lady Amazing had pulled her twin xiphos blades from the harness on her back and while the others stopped fifteen feet or so from me, she continued forward, dropping into a low attack position, swords held ready. 

I met her eyes, noting the red had spread across the whites completely. “Please, we don’t have to do this, I don’t *want* to hurt you.” 

She made no sign that she had heard and moved forward at incredible speed, her swords ripping through the air in a double downward slash. She was fast, but as she darted in front of me, I was able to catch her hands with my mind mid-swing and hold them. They hovered eighteen inches above my head and it took almost all my effort to prevent the downward sweep, which she strained to push her blades down and into me. 

Her strength was incredible and I began to feel pressured as she relentlessly dragged her swords down and I struggled to hold them in place. I couldn’t hold her for much longer, I needed to move back to the offensive and so I split my concentration and gathered myself to hit forward into her body mass with a powerful psycho-kinetic blow. 

It should have send her flying backwards, but instead she grunted and the blow simply sent her skidding backward, feet kicking up lines of dust. She stopped twenty or so feet away and shook down the long loose robe she was wearing, to shake out the wrinkles. Then, with a cautious glance up, she sprinted forward, her blades held backwards so they could spin and strike me at unpredictable angles. 

I threw up my hand and grabbed her, holding her in place as she ran. She froze in place, but I could feel her squirming and fighting against me, trying to escape from my hold. I had barely held her arms and so holding her completely against her will was a short term solution, but I needed a moment to think. I had sparred with her before and Lady Amazing was strong, but the power she had put into her attacks and the ease that she had absorbed my retaliation was… well, impossible. 

I couldn’t hold her off much longer, I needed to end this fight, and while I was had her paralysed, I had several options. I remembered what Ben Xtreme had taught me when we sparred back in the gym, if they can’t breathe, then they can’t hit. It had been a lesson about fitness at the time, but it seemed to apply here too. 

I tightened my grip on her throat and squeezed; I hated doing this, it was the kind of move my father would make, but I had no choice. She would break free shortly unless I did *something* and so I put all the power I had left into choking her. 

She could feel it, I was sure, but her throat refused to close. Instead I felt the red power surge through her again. Her hand twitched and then clenched into a fist and I redoubled my efforts to hold her. It wasn’t going to be enough, she was growing stronger. 

I felt, rather than saw his hand as it grabbed for me and in desperation, I dived to the side and rolled before coming back up onto one knee; my Uncle had joined the fight. My hold on Lady Amazing had been broken as I dived for safety and now she stepped up behind my uncle and dropped down into an attack position again. 

From somewhere behind them my father began to laugh, a throaty chuckle that echoed mockingly. “You still haven’t worked it out, have you Steven? You’re powerful but that pales in comparison with what we can offer. It’s time to end this.” 

I had just made it to my feet when my Uncle let loose a rippling coil of energy and I dodged to the left to let it burn over my head and then ducked as one of Lady Amazing’s swords swooshed through the air where my neck had been. I hadn’t judged where I would end up though and I found myself directly in front of my Uncle. He who grabbed my left wrist and then as I raised my right to try to push him away, he caught that too. 

He squeezed and I felt the bones crunch as my wrists compressed. I screamed, fell to my knees and looked up into dispassionate eyes. In a last ditch desperate attempt, I reached out to try to touch my Uncle’s mind and I maintained eye contact, as if it would somehow allow me to sneak past the red barrier that was erected over his mind and let me inside. There was nothing; the red inside him boiled and prevented me from coming near his mind. In a last, desperate move I seized his head with my mind and twisted with all of my strength, hoping to spin his head round, rip it off, or at least distract him for a moment. 

There was nothing. As I poured my strength into trying to rip the head from my Uncle, he seemed to grow *more* powerful, not less. Then he held out my arms as he might hold up a child and Lady Amazing moved round and lifted her sword; it seemed that my arms were to be forfeit first.  

My father was right, they were too powerful, a team, both surging with… but no, Lady Amazing *wasn’t* surging with power. In fact, now that the attention had shifted, I could feel that the red had almost left her and was pouring into my Uncle, protecting him as I attacked him with my power. If there was some source of power then it was being shared out by some unseen force or, I felt stupid to have not seen it before, by my father. 

I could feel him, his mind was still full of the red, but at nowhere near the levels that he had been before the fight. He had shifted it to Uncle Max to protect him and *that* meant he was no longer as protected. As the fight had begun he had walked away, keeping himself well clear and now he stood leaning against a wall behind the front few rows of assembled heroes. He watched with the certainty of a man who has already seen the score and knows that he won. 

I pushed harder, channelling as much of my power into my uncle as possible and I felt him burning with red power in reply, pushing back my efforts and more. One part of my mind held him there, but the rest was back at my Father and now I could feel him grow weaker still, as he pushed the power to Max. I had just a little power of my own left to work with, but I didn’t need much. It was just enough to take his head and smash it backwards into the cold brick once and then everything changed. 

I didn’t need to read his mind to feel the panic as he realised he was vulnerable and he *pulled* the power back from my Uncle instantly, setting his mind aflame with power, but leaving Max suddenly weakened. Lady Amazing had begun her downstroke and the razor sharp xiphos blades were in motion, unstoppable. As my father pulled back his power I turned my attention away from trying to rip off my Uncle’s head and yanked my hands free of his grasp. 

The xiphos blades had been swung directly down, but it was easy to twist them in Lady Amazing’s hands and turn a swipe into a long curving strike that needed only a little encouragement to end up buried in my Uncle’s stomach.  It took me several seconds to work out what had happened, what I had done and even then I was unsure. It had been instinct and now it was too late. 

He staggered backwards and then fell, landing heavily on his back, but his eyes stayed fixed on mine. I forced myself to remember that the man I had known was gone; his mind was wiped, controlled and only a shell was left. Still, I owed it to him to watch until his eyes rolled back and I could finally look away. 

Lady Amazing stood, looking slightly confused. My father had pulled all the power away from her too and the shock had left her unsure what to do. I couldn’t risk another fight with her, and in her confused state I was able to reach in and shut off blood flow to her brain in one quick motion. A few moments later she slumped to the ground unconscious. 

My father at last looked up to see the two bodies on the ground. There was a moment’s evaluation before he straightened up and met my eye. “There really *is* a killer in you, isn’t there Steven?” 

I had gone from tired to angry and now I was tired again. I looked to the body of my Uncle, lying in a pool of blood and felt regret, but my father had established the game and this, it seemed was the price for playing.**WWWWHHHHHUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMM**
 
The noise came again, but the heroes surrounding me didn’t seem to notice, or care.  I knew that my father would though; he would recognise the sound of the portal activation process and he would be moving to investigate quickly. 

The first part of the plan was now in place and my distractions had worked and given them time to do what needed to be done. Now I had to hope that everything else we had planned would work flawlessly and that I could live long enough to see it all through. I waited impatiently for the next blast and strained my senses to try to feel when the portal lit. 

The circle of heroes had tightened and now the first made their move. He was a flamboyant looking man in a pink and yellow suit, with a long cloak that he swirled as he moved. He dived at me and I swatted him out of the way before he could reach me and crushed him against the ground. 

**WWWWHHHHHUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMM**

This time the note seemed to linger for a while at the end and I sensed that the portal had finally lit. Inside the vast building Claire and the Underwarrior had accomplished the first part of their mission and now I needed to stay alive for long enough so that we could complete the final part together. 

Without the power boost from the red I felt confident that I could handle any of the heroes that might come at me. Apart from their passive powers, like super strength, they did not seem inclined to use their powers and that meant that most were barely a threat. I had assumed that some sort of mind control was being used, but as the attack went on it was beginning to seem more like these heroes were little more than puppets, being controlled by someone who didn’t understand or have the ability to use their full power set. 

It was slowly all falling into place in my mind. The heroes were all programmed, much as the villains would be and with that programming they would follow orders and fight with their full capacity, but that wasn’t possible. When I had shown my father that I could access his mind, he had retreated and come back with this power that could block me. He’d used it on the heroes so that I could not access their minds, but it had come at the cost of independent thought and with that, the ability to use their powers effectively. 

Before another attack could arrive I decided to take things into my own hands. I pulled myself inwards for a moment and then released a wave of kinetic energy that rippled outwards and caught the heroes surrounding me by surprise. The first got thrown back and crashed back into those behind them and it became a tumbling mess of limbs. 

I moved quickly through the downed heroes and made for the entrance to the vast building, my mind already wondering if my father was inside and if Claire and the Underwarrior had found everything we would need. I had made it almost halfway there when something felt wrong and I paused, mid stride. 

The back of my head felt as if there was a magnifying glass warming me and I turned, almost expecting to see a beam shining down at me, but there was nothing. The heroes had slowly been standing up from where I knocked them down, but they showed no inclination to attack me again. 

I turned back and took another step, but the feeling was growing and I stopped again and scratched the back of my head, as if I could itch away the irritation. The feeling seemed to increase by the second and with it came a feeling of pressure. At last I finally realised what was happening. 

I pulled inside my head and from this new perspective it was immediately clear that there was someone pushing and trying to tear their way in, but they were not able to breach my mind. I passed through into the space beyond my mind and approached them. “It’s rude to try to force yourself in without an invitation.” 

The other presence paused in its attempt to push inside my mind. “You don’t think that’s a little ironic? I mean, you’ve tried to get into *mine* before.” 

I pulled back and flicked my concentration back to the real world just in time to see him drop from the sky and gently land ten feet away. “It’s Steve, isn’t it?” 

I nodded. “Hello Galactico.” He stood with his fists on his hips in a typical ‘hero’ pose; he flicked his black hair back and grinned his perfect toothy grin. The scrabbling at my mind had stopped and so I took the opportunity to examine his mind again, being careful to be beyond detection.  

I had last looked at his mind back at HeroFest, which seemed so long ago now. It was just as I recalled it, but now that my own power was more attuned I was able to see if more clearly. He had somehow made his mind a box, smooth and grey on each side and it radiated not light but a strange chill, which I instinctively disliked. 

I could see now that the sides were not flat, as I had imagined, but seemed more like they had been forced from a sphere into that shape. I wondered at what process could have reshaped his mind though and changed it so drastically, as well as what else it might have done to him. 

He seemed to be taking his time, looking me over. “Honestly Steve, and please don’t take this as an insult, but when I received an alert saying that I was needed, I expected…” He wafted his hands around in a non-committal way. “…maybe a little more muscle?” 

I felt a little stung. Working out with my Uncle had quickly helped me shed the puppy fat and while I was nowhere near the bulging Adonis that Galactico was, I didn’t feel that I looked *puny* exactly, as he seemed to be implying. I pushed my thoughts of my Uncle to one side, I would deal with them later. 

I refused to let him see any emotion from me and I locked down my mind, pulling my barriers up even more tightly so that he would have no chance to sense anything from me. “I’m sorry I interrupted you from your holiday. How was the Caribbean?” 

His eyebrow raised and he tipped his head to the side. “Impressive kid, where did you conjure that from?” 

I shrugged. “Maybe you aren’t as powerful as you assume?” 

The laughter seemed to bubble up out of him. “You’re funny, like your Dad.” Some twitch of emotion must have shown, or he simply guessed I reacted internally. “Yes, he told me all about you, so let’s try not to have too many surprises.” 

I forced a smile. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”I scanned across the room looking for anything at all that I could use to fight my way through to reach my father, but there was nothing that had not been there before. He had set up the heroes all over the floor as unmoving sentries, guards against intrusion. Without a direct head on attack it seemed there was no way past them. 

I flexed and tested each of my muscles in turn, assessing my own readiness for action and failed on nearly every one. I had somehow managed to hold my own during the fight earlier, but I had paid a heavy price and my body was already struggling to simply keep moving. All I could do was to slip into my mind once again and close down the pain signals and block the nerve pulses, but there was a limit to what I could block and I had now reached that point. 

I wasn’t a muscle bound hero like them. I looked across the room and saw perfect sculpted physiques and then did my best to form my hand into a fist and only somewhat succeeded. They were built to fight, I was not. Fear began to slip its way back into my mind and I had to work even harder this time to push it back down again. 

I concentrated on what I felt from the fight outside and it comforted me a little. Underwarrior was able to hold Galactico off not because he was faster or stronger, but because he was smarter. He was working out each move that would be made against him and countering it before the move could hit. Brute force was *not* the only answer to a problem. 

I looked over the edge of the crates again and checked around, using first my eyes and then my mind to search through the room and look for any advantage that I might be able to bring to bear. I struggled, perhaps if I was a tactician I would see some advantage, but with my eyes I could only see people in my way and with my mind… well, I could see almost nothing at all. The red power had filled the room and seemed to hang in the air like a thick haze. 

I felt paralysed with indecision and after long moments with my back pressed into the wood of the crate I finally forced myself to act.  With no other choice, no plan and no time to wait until one came to me, I did the only thing that seemed to be left and stood up. Perhaps a plan would come to me along the way.  

No one noticed me at first and so I carefully walked around the crate and began to walk into the centre of the room, directly towards the nearest of the heroes. He was a tall hooded man with a long cape and a stylised RQ on his chest that I assumed was his name, but in what language I had no idea. He watched me approach, but made no movement and so I stopped a few feet short of him and waited for a reaction. 

It took perhaps longer than it should have to realise that he was not about to spring forward and grab me, in fact, apart from his eyes, which followed me as I walked, he had not moved at all. None of the heroes around the room were moving and now that I was a little closer it seemed less like a cunning guard pattern and more like they had all simply stopped where they were and froze. 

I walked the last few paces and reached up and waved my hands in front of his face. His eyes moved, but he still made no motion. Confused, but cautiously pleased, I quickly walked to the next and repeated the process with the same result. What had happened to them, what was *still* happening to them? 

The sound of a slap is distinctive and this one carried across the room with force. I looked up sharply just in time to see Claire falling backwards, half sprawled through the door to the control room, but then she was pulled back. I ran to the ladder up and scaled it quickly, before pressing my back against the wall outside the control room. 

From here I could hear within the room, but it was another slap that came first, then Claire’s voice a moment later, thick with anger. “You can go *fuck* yourself.” 

There was saccharine sweetness in my father’s voice, but undertones which carried a threat. “Claire, the Advisors cannot be blocked; they’ll simply find another way around. Now, undo whatever you did, allow them to communicate via the portal again and we can find a reasonable accommodation.”

She laughed. “Funny to hear you say that the Advisor’s can’t be blocked when that’s exactly what I just goddamn did.” 

Another slap hit hard. “You *will* tell us what we want to know.”

Claire seemed to speak more quietly. . “Again, go fuck yourself?” 

It wasn’t a slap this time, it was a punch and hard. I heard the meaty thunk as fist hit flesh and for the second time in a few minutes I acted before I had been able to think it through clearly. The door was gone, even before I had stood it had been ripped away by my anger, taking a chunk of the wall with it and flying off at speed.  

My father stood over Claire, his fist drawn back for another blow but suddenly frozen into a tableau of surprise. He glanced behind me, as if unable to accept I was alone. “But… Galactico…” 

At some point a cut had been opened above Claire’s left eye and the blood had left red streaks down one side of her face, but her eyes were still bright and angry. She looked up at me, seeming almost as surprised as my father. She seemed to be saying something; it looked like “No.” But my mind was clouded with rage and I leapt for my father. 

I hit him with not only my body, but also the full force of my mind, hammed forward crudely into a tackle. It was enough, just, to knock him back and he landed awkwardly and I was immediately on top of him, straddling his chest. I began to rain down blows, letting my power bring extra weight to my fists, but he had pulled his own arms up to defend himself and as soon as I paused he twisted and threw me off. 

I scrambled to my feet and turned, but he had recovered more quickly and he hit me with a body blow into my side before tossing me back against the wall with enough force to crack the plaster behind me. 

“Was this your plan Steven? To walk in and save the day?” He shook his head. “If so I am *very* unimpressed, but at least your little girlfriend will see me kill you and perhaps change her mind about *screwing with my plans!*” He had turned to her, roaring out the last words, but he found that her chair was empty.  

There was a brief moment of puzzlement as he looked at the empty chair, handcuffs left still slightly swaying on the back rest and then Claire appeared behind him and before he could react, she had pressed something onto his temple. She whispered softly in his ear. “Regards from Underwarrior.” 

He knocked away her hand and reached for the small black object she had pressed to his skin, but he was too slow. The room filled with a high pitched clicking and he shook gently, froth forming at the corners of his mouth and a long moan coming from somewhere deep inside him. 

It lasted, perhaps, ten seconds, before he was gone. The space where he stood seemed to fold and with a blue phase shift he disappeared and the device that had been stuck to him fell to the floor. 

I looked from the device to Claire. “Wha… what the hell was that? What just happened?” 

Claire’s face had twisted angrily. “What just happened? You tell me! Five more minutes and I would have had everything we need from him. What the hell were you doing?” 

My mind was doing backflips to try to catch up. “But you were tied to a chair! He was… he was *hitting you*…” I trailed off, somehow unsure what was really going on.

At last Claire’s expression broke and she sighed. “That was sweet at least, but I was fine, I didn’t *need* your help to get free.” 

She walked across to the nearest screen and began cycling through the options. “We can still do this though, the plan can still…” She looked up and saw I hadn’t moved. 

I said the first thing that came to my mind. “I’m sorry. I just didn’t want to see you get hurt.” 

A small smile crept onto her face and she walked back across to me, stood up onto her tiptoes and gently kissed me for just a moment. Her voice dropped to a whisper. “Thank you. Now let’s get to work.” 

*****

Happy Tuesday all and happy part 50! Seems like we’ve been going for ages, but also feels like just yesterday we began. 

I’m not 100% if I will have a bit of the story up tomorrow as I might be working late, but we’ll be back on Thursday if not.There was a brief moment of stillness as I slid through the hole in the dimensional firmament and returned to the webway, but as soon as I fully emerged, the calm shattered. My mind reflexively grabbed the three dimensions that I had been holding in place before I had left this place and the strain returned and pulled me apart.  

I held them in place, but I knew I could not sustain them without the red power I had previously channelled and that was gone, my connection broken. As I struggled to hold on I could also feel the entities in my mind beginning to explore the crevices of my brain and pull at my mind to start the process of finding a way to control me. 

Having broken into my mind as I fled their dimension and with my concentration elsewhere, they were free to pull at my thoughts and memories and I felt them testing to see how far they could push. I needed to stop them and so with reserves of strength, that I was surprised to find I still had, I clenched my mind, freezing it in place so that they could not damage me too badly. It was a temporary solution and they knew it as well as I did and so they simply waited, knowing that sooner or later I would be forced to give in to them. 

Something moved, touching my foot and I looked down to see the tear in the firmament, that I had torn and then passed through, was still growing. Moving by millimetres, but picking up speed as I watched, it raced away from me and out towards the first hole I had torn, near the gateway. The strain of holding everything together, both inside and out of my head, was slowly turning to sweet agony and I welcomed the pain, letting it focus my mind and my concentration. As the rip grew I watched and waited, until it finally reached the gateway. 

A few seconds passed until I saw the first of the new tears, stretching away from the gateway and out across the webway in a long zig-zag that took it between the portals. A second followed and then a third, a fouth and dozens more were soon branching off in all directions. The webway was beginning to unravel as it split apart and began to disintegrate into separate pieces.   

In my mind the entities grew agitated, at first trying again to attack me again and then, as they finally realised they were unable to control me, they fought to escape. Now *I* held *them* back, trapping them in my mind for just a little longer, so that they could not flee back to the rest of their kind immediately. Perhaps they would come in useful at some later point, or perhaps just holding them here would mean the entities would be unaware of the collapse of the webway for a little while longer, either way it was an instinctual choice. 

The tears traced back and forth across the webway and as they reached a critical point, it seemed as if the very underpinning structure of space-time collapsed and the portals slowly began to drift apart. The terrible dragging force of the three dimensions I held was suddenly gone and in surprise they flew apart, heading off in the direction I had been pulling them. It took a moment, but I was able to quickly grab them and pull them back together, but this time they slid easily, without resistance  

I watched as worlds and dimensions flew apart, no longer bound to anything and free of any bond, the webway was gone and each part was now an island. With no need to focus my mind on holding the dimensions together, I was able to steer a nearby tear closer and with a little care I tore free the two gateways that had prevented the dimensions from merging and at last I pulled them tightly together, with no more impediments. 

For just a moment the three dimensions overlapped and then, with a final touch, they merged and where three had sat, only one remained. There was nothing left to do and so, with a last glance across the shattered remains of the webway, I pulled myself forward and into the portal. 

 *****

I blinked and the world swam across my vision, blurring slightly and only slowly returning to focus as I looked down to the ground. It felt… different, but that slight sensation was pushed back as relief flooded through me and I realised that I had made it back, I was home again. 

I pulled my hands free from the portal with a little difficulty; my fingers felt almost as if they had begun to melt to the black metal and at last I looked around. To my immediate left, Claire was crouched on the ground and I took a step towards her and then reared back, palms pressed to my temples, as voices flooded my head. 

The entities all cried out at once, each alone in my mind, unable to form a bond with its kin as I held them trapped and alone. They had forced their way in, but now it had become a prison for them and until I could find a better place to hold them it would remain so. With a little difficulty I pulled them together and then pushed them to the back of my mind, where they were unable to make themselves heard if I chose to ignore them. 

I turned my attention back to Claire and found she had stood from her crouch. I reached out to touch her shoulder, but as I did so I saw the figure standing just beyond her. He was tall and heavily muscled, dressed in dark overalls and somehow familiar, but I couldn’t quite place him. A woman stood just beyond him and she, like Claire had been crouching, but she stood up her hair fell forward and a glint of metal shone from her temple and I saw the thin metal band wrapped around her head. 

The man had a halo too and that was enough for his name to come back to me; he was the same man I had seen in the other dimension - the body guard… Crush Machine! I was pleased to remember so quickly, that was the sort of thing that could bother you all day trying to remember. 

At my touch Claire jumped and spun around to look at me with honest astonishment, which swiftly changed to a broad grin, as she threw herself into my arms. I held her tightly, but over her shoulder I could see across the floor of the vast hanger where the portal was housed and there were hundreds of people from the other dimension, all slowly standing up and then pausing and not moving again.  

 Claire pulled back. “You did it.” 

I smiled and shook my head “We did it.” 

She kissed me briefly and pulled away. “Who are all these people Steve and why aren’t they moving?” 

“The halos.” I pointed. “They must have reset somehow and be keeping them in a…” 

“*You fucker.*” My head swivelled at the venom soaked words. “What have you *done*?” Galactico stood a little distance away, his face flushed with rage. “*What have you done?!*Galactico charged forward, but Underwarrior had anticipated it and a rush of thoughts had prepared a counter. He had braced a foot on an outcropping of rubble and pushed himself up, flipping over in a perfect arc and letting Galactico skid heavily into the rock he had been leaning on. It was a beautiful move, acrobatic and precise, but the midair spin twisted his torso and the landing was heavy. 

Pain surged from his chest as the broken ribs jabbed into his side. He had known it would hurt to make the jump, but this was unbearable and he stumbled to a knee and pressed his hands into his side, trying to avoid crying out in agony. 

Galactico needed no such recovery time and turned sharply, then kicked forward with his big boot, that connected squarely between Underwarrior’s shoulder blades. It knocked him to the ground and sent him rolling across the rubble until he came to a stop, battered and bruised. As he stood, the scene began to seem familiar and I found I had caught up with the present and withdrew from his memories. 

Galactico had been face-planted into the ground, but when he stood there was no sign of injury. He still seemed fresh, while Underwarrior felt as if his strength was ready to give out at any moment. Again I did what I could to ease his pain, but he could surely only take one or two more hits and I suspected Galactico would not make him wait long for the end. 

My mind snapped back to my body and to Claire; it had been almost no time since I had told her I was going to check on Underwarrior, but it felt as if a lifetime had passed since I had left. She was positioned at the portal readout, carefully changing the settings and watching on the monitors as the flickering surface of the portal changed with each adjustment.

Although Underwarrior had started as a pawn that I had moulded for my own purposes, now he had *chosen* to fight with us. He didn’t deserve to die and I could hear the desperation in my own voice. “He’ll not last much longer.” 

She looked up at my voice then nodded then returned to the settings. “That’s fine, we don’t need him to.” I wanted to object, but she was right, he was doing what he was meant to do. “I’m nearly there, are you ready?” 

I hesitated. “As much as I suppose I’ll ever be. Are you sure this is going to work?”

She nodded. “As much as I suppose I ever will be.” 

She returned to the screens and I moved to the door to watch the patterns on the surface of the portal move as she changed the frequencies and tried to dial in on the one we needed. Black shadows now raced across the surface, but they were fading and one by one they disappeared. 

The huge room below looked normal and it wasn’t until I began to work out our route to the portal that it hit me what was missing. “Uh Claire, did you notice that all the heroes were gone from the floor?” 

She ignored me, trying to dial in the controls and then as the adjustments became too fine, she held her hands over the screens and connected them directly into the computer system. The screens showed tiny nudges as she controlled the system with complete precision.   

I swept my mind out as far as it could easily go and searched for any of the missing hero’s minds, or even my fathers, but there was nothing. At least the red haze had lifted, letting my mind work more clearly. I muttered quietly to myself to try to stay positive. “Well, maybe they’ll just leave us alone.” I didn’t believe myself. 

I let my mind touch Underwarrior again and found him lying on the ground; he coughed up blood and spat it out before looking up at Galactico standing over him. I didn’t need to search his memory to know that the last few moments had involved him being badly beaten, the pain was raw and overwhelming, but, as he had with everything else, he analysed the pain, controlled it and placed it to one side, then began to crawl. 

He glanced up and I could see the door to the building we were in nearly thirty feet away from where he lay and I *knew* that he would not make it that far. He kept his eyes on the ground in front of him and kept pulling himself forward, ignoring the soft crunch of footsteps as Galactico walked around him and softly placed a boot on his head, pressing it into the ground with just enough weight to hold him in place. 

Something touched my shoulder and I flinched and spun around; Claire was there, looking tired. “C’mon, we’re ready.” I looked towards the portal and saw that it was completely transparent, with no pattern sliding across it at all. Only the slight distortion of light passing through it showed that it was still active.  

I gestured for Claire to go first and she climbed down the ladder and a moment later I followed, before returning my mind to Underwarrior. He was mumbling softly into the ground and Galactico had to remove his boot for a moment and lean in to hear. 

Underwarrior used the last of his strength to let his head loll to the side so that he could fix an eye on Galactico. A smile spread across broken teeth. “You can’t change your past, but your future should be what you *truly* want it to be.”  I wasn’t sure that it was meant for me or Galactico. 

He stepped back again and I felt the boot press back into Underwarrior’s skull once more. I had made a deal with him once and now I met my side of the deal and returned to him what I had taken. 

A small child sat wrapped in the arms of his mother as she rocked him back and forth. He looked at her with love and trust and she stroked his hair gently and then leaned in to kiss the top of his head. He squirmed with pleasure and curled himself more tightly into her and she responded by pulling him in close and whispering softly to him. “Darling Kevin.” 

He was safe and warm and happy. 

I pulled free, returning to my own head and leaving him in the moment. Claire looked back at me as I stopped moving and took a second to let my mind adjust. I tried to speak, but my throat caught and I had to swallow hard before I could croak out a warning. “He’s coming.”

She began to run and after a second I followed. We sprinted toward the portal and it came ever closer, thirty feet, twenty feet, fifteen and then Claire was there and she grasped one of the black metal struts and flung her hand back towards me. I stretched my hand out, reaching for her and stopped just inches short and then lifted slowly into the air as Galactico lifted me up, his hand tight around my throat. 

There was an angry edge to his voice. “Now what the fuck was the plan in here? The portal isn’t even…” He trailed off and looked at it, then moved his head back and forth while squinting. “Huh, transparent?” He took a step towards it, still holding me in the air and looked more closely. “Doesn’t matter though, you’re not escaping through *any* portal.”  

Claire released her grasp on the portal and stepped forward, her eyes filled with tears. “Please, if you let us go then I promise we’ll never return. We found a dimension where we can survive, so we never have to come back here, in fact we couldn’t if we wanted as there is no way to light the portal from that side.” 

Galactico seemed to mull it over. “And what advantage does that have over just snapping you both in half right now?” 

Claire looked down demurely. “You know who his father is, who’s to say he might not change his mind about killing him one day?” She looked him up and down but he seemed unmoved. The tears were suddenly gone and her voice took on a hard edge. “It’s either that, or I kick your ass.” 

Galactico looked from Claire to me and then dropped me to the ground, letting me crawl away and wheeze for air. “Don’t go far boy, I’m going to kill the cocky bitch while you watch and then finish you off too.” 

I scrambled to my feet and quickly moved around and behind Claire. Galactico laughed. “Really, you’re hiding *behind* her?” 

I shook my head. “No.” 

Claire stepped reached backwards, taking my right hand in hers. “You know, I was worried there for a moment that you weren’t going to be stupid enough to fall for that.” She gave a small shrug. “But thankfully you are.” 

He began to move, but my left hand was already wrapped around the cold black metal of the portal frame and I pulled us inside, into the timeless passage between the branches of the tree, where we could access the web of portals. Almost immediately I felt Claire’s mind light up with the red power; they had been waiting for her, but we were ready for it. 

The power flowed into her mind, but the parts that they sought to control were gone and now sat within my own mind. The mind that was left was a basic blank and her mind orbited in my head like a moon. It allowed us to share thoughts and powers, enabling accesses the web of portals, which we quickly moved into. 

Our minds flew together, pulling behind us the blank mind that was filling with a seemingly never ending supply of power. We pushed forward as quickly as we were able, seeking what we needed to finally put our plan into action.  The waiting was over. 

*****

Happy Thursday everyone. 

Hope your week is going well, nearly the weekend, just one more day to go! 

Next part up probably either tomorrow or Saturday.My father looked at the blood he had found on the back of his head and rubbed it between his thumb and forefingers, before pulling out a handkerchief and wiping them clean. He dabbed at the back of his head, but seemed satisfied that the blood wasn’t flowing freely and so folded the handkerchief back up and tucked it in his pocket. 

He almost seemed to glow with the power he had contained within himself and I could feel it spike and surge as it tried to break free. He had pulled it back from the others too quickly and it was disorganised and dangerous, but with each passing moment he seemed to be gaining control of it again. 

The power was distorting the psychic gestalt and warping the space around him and I reached forward, trying to see if I could destabilise it, but was forced to pull back, singed by the sheer force. Within the maelstrom I could feel him working, manipulating the surroundings and the red power settled into a surging river of red that crackled around him.  

He met my eyes and within I could see measures of regret and anger. “I wonder what we might have accomplished if we had only been able to work together.” The sentiment lingered a moment before his voice dropped and the emotion was gone. “It’s time for you to die.” 

The power had continued to swirl and I was impressed to see that he had smoothed it to a solid band of power. There was nothing for me to do but wait and prepare for whatever he decided to unleash next, but waiting suited me fine, I needed to buy as much time as possible 

I shrugged and absently gave him the finger. “Fuck you.” There was a slight flicker in his eyebrow and a tiny narrowing of his eyes – a small victory to have angered him.  

He forced a smile, nodded and I felt the red suddenly seem to expand and then… then it was gone. His mind still crackled with power, he had not been so stupid as to leave himself vulnerable a second time, but the red band around him was no more. 

Power like that didn’t simply disappear and my mind stretched out, searching for where it had gone. I found it, it had gone… everywhere. This time it wasn’t one or two members of the Justice crew, each of them had received a small portion of the power and it wasn’t just them, it was every single hero. 

I could see it in their minds, a small red flame burning in front of the red haze and preventing me from getting into their mind. It flickered to life in hundreds of heads and as they roused they began to move and suddenly the field of statues became hundreds of powered people, none of whom would like me much. 

Golden Warrior was closest and I had only a fraction of a second before he grabbed my arm and vice like fingers fixed around my bicep. Bronze Tiger was just a moment behind and grabbed my other arm and their free hands whistled round, aiming for a combined blow to my sternum, as I had seen them do to many a foe before.  

I could feel that the red in their minds was nowhere near the level it had been with my Uncle or Lady Amazing. It was enough to control their mind, but not enough to add to their power and a tiny blossom of hope sprang, that I might be able to hold my own. With only their native strength and powers to call upon, I was able to block their combined blow and with a flick I ripped their hands free of my arms and knocked them backwards. 

It gave a split second of relief, but no more than that. There were more hands seizing me as the main body of heroes reached me and I was surrounded by a mob of bodies, grabbing, striking and trying to tear a piece of me loose. 

Perhaps the only thing that saved me was the sheer weight of bodies pressing in on me, causing confusion and preventing a lethal blow from reaching me in those first few seconds, but many others did. Fists, elbows and knees clattered into me and hands grasped, grabbing cloth and yanking, tearing some away until my shirt was torn free and a small cheer went up until they saw it was not some body part. 

The pain blossomed and then began to fade, as I pulled myself clear of my ability to feel pain. At first I lashed out with my mind and saw a few collapse, screaming as I tore flesh from bone and bone from body, but there were hundreds and it became too difficult to focus. All around me faces pushed in close, reaching for me greedily, but chillingly passive and neutral. 

If their faces had been distorted into anger or hatred then at least perhaps it would have been understandable, but there was nothing, just a blank stare and behind that the red flame burning, pushing them forward. It was too much and I began to close my mind off from the pain and fear and let my last few seconds be ones that I controlled within the safety of my own head. 

I pulled back and closed my eyes as I saw the first spurt of blood as a fist hit my nose. Soon it would be over, but I could at least use my power on myself to keep my mind separate.  A stray thought made me smile, a passing wonder that if I could use my power on my mind, then theoretically it would be no more difficult to use my power on my body either. The thought passed and then came back, this time more urgently and followed by a burst of adrenaline. 

My eyes flicked open and I looked about me, slowing my perceptions so that time stretched and allowed me to see things more clearly. Only seconds had passed since the start of the attack, but it would only *be* seconds more until it was over. Dozens of fists were trying to strike at me, more than I could possibly hope to fend off one by one, but they were all aimed at the same thing, me. 

I could not make my body any more resilient, but if they blows did not reach me then they could not hurt me. I let my mind reach out, but instead of it reaching out to feel the surroundings, I held it back, so that it simply mapped the contours of my body and then I began to push back. 

I could feel it immediately, the blows I had been ignoring seemed lessened and I let myself feel again a little. The punches and kicks were being blocked and I pushed back further and the feeling lessened again. Hands that had grasped and pulled at my flesh now clawed against a barrier they could not break, but I was pushed to the ground and feet and fists hammered down. 

Without them able to grab me I was able to crawl, suddenly breaking through legs and pushing a path until I broke free, stumbled to my feet and suddenly was running. For a brief moment there was no one around me and I pushed my body to go faster, to break free, but before I had managed twenty steps I was falling again and before I hit the ground there was someone on me. 

Thunderunner was one of the more established speedsters, a member of several of the East Coast teams and a powerful and impressive hero, but now he sat on my chest and punched me squarely into my head and I liked him less. He had decided to end this and lowered his hand towards my face; it was an almost impossible blur that he evidently sought to try to phase through my skull, which seemed like an upsettingly plausible attack. 

Fear plucked at me and I pushed, using my power to push him from me and I felt his body shudder as my power passed thought him. His hand stopped vibrating and his eyes went wide for a moment and then slowly glazed, before his head slumped back. I looked down to where my own hand was outstretched; it had pushed his chest back, breaking his spine apart and killing him instantly. 

I pushed his body and it tumbled off to the side and I scrambled to my feet once again. I moved to begin running again, but I was blocked, in front, behind and on all sides. I was surrounded.  There was no escape now. I had been lucky a few times, but I couldn’t rely on that for long. 

Golden Warrior stepped forward. “You can’t *win* Steve, why not surrender and we can bring this to a close? 

I looked to the sky and for once my prayers were answered. 

**WWWWWWHHHHHHHUUUUUUU**We arrived at a new portal and immediately she delved inside and began to search for the tainted crystal. I reached for her and tried to pull her back a little. ***Claire?*** 

Her reaction was immediate, she yanked away from me and tried to break loose, but I held her tightly. As soon as it became clear that I was not going to let her go, she began to scan the ground underneath her for the crystal again and I loosened my grip. 

The red had *infected* her somehow and maybe it could be undone, but further exposure seemed unwise. She was continuing to scan, but her search was going to be fruitless; all of the information she was using had to be filtered through me and I had already found the corrupted crystal and excluded it from the data I passed on. 

Slowly I squeezed shut the flow of information into her mind and felt her panic as she was now effectively blind. Her mind was separated from the portals, floating with no connection except to mine and at last I could approach her calmly. 

***Claire?*** This time she didn’t try to pull away, but I could feel the hostility  emanating from her. The anger was almost intoxicating, it could only be a side effect of the red and I held it back from touching me, unsure if I too would become infected. I pulled away from her, keeping just a little distance, but staying connected. 

I looked around and moved us over to where the red tinged crystal was growing and carefully examined it. I was tempted to pluck it and play it again, but I remembered the feelings that it had spread through me and wondered if perhaps that had been the moment when it had taken hold of Claire. 

She struggled again and my attention turned back to her, ready to react if she tried to pull free of me again, although she would be unable to made any progress without me assistance anyway. This struggle was not that of someone trying to break free, she was trying to make sense of her surroundings. I slipped into her mind and to my relief found that the red tinge was beginning to dim and around the edge of her mind the red ring was slowly fading.  

I pulled her in close to me again and carefully connected with her. ***Claire, are you okay?*** 

***Oh thank God.*** Her voiced surged with relief. ***When you went away I began to panic that you had left me here, that the rage had scared you away. It was dark and when the anger began to fade I just…*** 

She faded away and I entwined our minds together until I felt her calm down. ***I’m sorry, I didn’t know that it would, but cutting you off seems to have stopped the infection, thank God.*** 

***Thank you, I could feel it happening, but I couldn’t stop them.*** 

***Them?*** 

***Yes.*** Her reply was emphatic. ***They were… not exactly calling, it was more of a demand, over and over. They just said “follow” and I had no choice, but to go as they directed me.*** 

***Jesus, well at least we know it wasn’t my dad leaving this trail.*** 

She hesitated for a moment. ***I’m… I’m not sure. I think he might have somehow been one of the voices leading me on.*** I let that sink in and slowly began to feel that I no longer wished to be in the middle of a portal half way across the webway from my body. 

I felt her summon her courage. ***To get home you’ll need my directions again and as soon as I reconnect to the network they’ll find me again.*** I felt a shiver of fear go through her and then a twinge of hope. ***Unless you can stop them getting to me somehow?*** 

***I don’t think I can stop them and we might not have much time once we set off before they call to you. As soon as I connect, you need to show me the way back to our home portal.*** I felt her agree. 

We moved to the edge of the portal and I began to let information slip through me and reach Claire again. I felt her mind searching, scrambling for the coordinates that would send us home and as soon as she found them she passed them to me and we moved off as fast as we were able. Soon we were passing by portals we had stopped at before. 

They came more quickly this time. I was waiting and soon after we can set off, her mind flushed a gentle pink and her thoughts began to tumble. She suddenly pulled, trying to turn, to go back the other way, but I held her in place and we moved forward. 

I watched as her mind darkened again, even more than before and the red ring around the edged of her mind began to form, signalling the break up of her thoughts into scattered patters that shot back and forth. I pushed deep into her mind and waited, listening for the call and at last I heard the whisper. It was too quiet to make out anything but the basic shape of the word.  

‘*Follow.*’ It came again louder and more insistent and I felt her pull at me, attempting to turn us. Again and again it whispered to her, sometimes softly, sometimes with great force and each time I forced her to stay on the right path. 

The whispers seemed so close and while I felt no attraction to their wheedling demands, I could feel their power as they worked on Claire. I could feel her pain, her fury and her helplessness as she was stuck between two forces she could not control. For her sake the best thing would be to get back as quickly as possible, but I had to make something of this opportunity. 

I reached into her mind and used it to craft a reply, one that seemed only fitting. ‘*Follow,*’ they whispered. 

‘*Why?*’ I hissed back. 

For a moment there was silence before the whisper returned.  ‘*Follow and find us. Follow and find everything.*’ 

If I could have laughed then I would have. ‘*Tell me, who are you, what are you?*’ 

 Again a pause. ‘*We are… advisers.*’ 

‘*Advisers? So what would you advise right now?*’ I had a feeling what they would say and they didn’t disappoint. 

The whisper came from a dozen directions and voices. ‘*Follow!*’

‘*Follow? What a shame, maybe next time.’* We had arrived and I pulled us free from the portal and away from their voices. 

***** 

Sorry, a little short today as I had to work late, but I also couldn't leave Claire there any longer!

Off to bed, see you tomorrow!He snapped his fingers. “Of course, I told the boys where I was going before I left. I guess you mindjacked one of them” He shook his head and smiled at me with a rue grin. “I should have figured that out quicker.”

He seemed… jovial almost. I picked my words carefully. “Well, glad we got that figured out. I guess I’ll be on my way.”  

His mouth twitched into a smile again. “There you go again with the *funny*. Honestly Steve, you’re not making this any easier.” 

I took a small step backwards, increasing the gap between us slightly. “So what exactly is it that you’re here to do?” 

He blinked in surprise. “I’m sorry, I thought that was obvious. Your father called me to come and kill you.” 

He said it so casually, but my knees almost bucked as a chill ripple of adrenaline spread out through my body. “Oh… and this is just a pre-murder chat?” 

He nodded. “I suppose, in a way. Look Steve, the fact that you could detect my attempts to reach into your mind is… impressive. As far as I know there has only ever been one other person who has had the ability to do what you did. That kind of power is… rare.” 

Despite the situation I felt a glimmer of pride. “So you think I’m a Tier 1?” 

Confusion passed over his face and then he burst out laughing. “Steve, you need to stop believing all that shit they feed you. Power tiers? For fuck’s sake, power is power, but people like you and I are one in a million, maybe less.” He shook his head. “Don’t get me wrong, you’re still going to die, but I had to take the chance to meet you first.” He exhaled. “If it helps, I’m sorry it has to happen like this.” 

He flexed his arms a little and my mind clenched involuntarily. I held up a hand. “Look, before we do this, can I ask you something? I mean, I may never get another chance to ask someone who knows.” 

There was a moment’s consideration before he nodded. “Very well, I suppose it doesn’t matter.” 

I nodded my thanks. “How the hell do you fly?”

He burst out laughing. “That’s it? Fuck Steve, I thought you were going to ask something about your father, or any of this..” He gestured all around him. “…but you just want to try to figure out how to fly?” 

I shrugged. “Who else am I going to ask?” 

He shook his head, chuckling. “Okay, fine. I just kind of take my body, lift it up and carry it to where I want it to be.” 

It was a ridiculously simple answer, which… made a strange sort of sense. I was doing something not dissimilar when I had created the barrier around me, I was using my body and pushing *outwards* from it. Galactico was just suggesting I focus that power in on myself. 

I tried it, treating myself as if I was just another object that was to be picked up and moved. It took a moment to adjust and then I felt my feet gently lifting off the ground and a moment later there was six inches of air underneath me. 

I looked down. “Fucking hell. I should have thought of that.” 

Galactico watched as I bobbed for a moment and then dropped back onto the ground. “Happy?” 

I nodded and then spoke quickly before he could do anything. “So why *are* you working for him? I mean, what could my father offer you that you need?” 

Galactico wagged his finger. “You asked for *a* question Steve.” 

I held my hands out to my sides with my palms up. “You brought it up, not me.” 

He shook his head. “It was interesting to meet you, but it’s time.” He stepped forwards towards me and I walked back to maintain our distance. 

“So do you just answer to him, or to the Advisors too?” 

His eyes widened slightly in surprise, apparently my father hadn’t had time to let him know everything I knew. “No, as I said, I don’t answer to anyone.” 

I needed to keep him talking. “So why kill me? Why do his dirty work?” 

For a split second his calm demeanour dropped and he snapped at me. “Because that was the deal, I do the punching, he does the planning. He *doesn’t* tell me what to do though, I have my jobs and he has his.” 

He stopped walking towards me, but I kept going for a few steps, keeping the gap expanding and moving just a little closer to the entrance to the building.  “So what happened? The two of you just partnered up to take over the world?” 

He hesitated for a moment before replying. “It wasn’t like that. He approached me with a secret. He showed me that everything we knew about the world was a lie and we were being pitted against each other to keep the world under control. I didn’t want to believe it at first, but he was right.” 

I nodded. “I know and he took over and then kept it all the same.” 

Galactico shook his head. “No, not the same. I used to come in once a year for what they called a ‘spa day’. Rest, relax and leave feeling like you had no cares. They must have wiped my mind clean so many times I have no idea who I was originally and I’m one of the lucky one. Most heroes lasted four, maybe five years and then were replaced and the old damaged one cycled off to be a villain or worse.” 

I pointed to the group of heroes who had seemingly lost the will to fight after I knocked then down. The waited where they had stood up, seemingly mindless. “How is that different today? How are *they* any better off.” 

He glanced over and then looked away. “That’s… not what it’s supposed to be Steve. It’s not what it *was* at first. Not until they…” He trailed off. 

“Who? What?” I stepped forward. “Not until they *what*, Galactico?” He didn’t answer. “Until the Advisors arrived? Is that what you were going to say? What did they do to you?” 

He looked up. “Not me Steve? They can’t enter my mind, I made sure of that.” He tapped his head. 

It dawned on me what he’d done, he’d shaped his mind to keep them from being able to enter it until it looked as it did now. “Jesus, you did that to your mind just to keep them out of your head. Is it that bad? “What did they do to my father?”

Galactico shrugged. “It was your father’s choice Steve. Just like this is my choice.” 

He moved so quickly that my eyes didn’t register any movement. One moment he was standing fifteen feet away and the next he was in front of me, one hand wrapped around my neck and his thumb on my Adam’s apple. 

He leaned in. “You were powerful Steve, but I’ve broken stronger.” He began to squeeze and I scrabbled at his arm, but it was thickly muscled and unbudging and my fingernails scraped at him ineffectively. He shook his head, a little sadly. “I’ve been doing this since birth Steve, did you ever really think you would beat me?” 

I tried to focus, to fight back or hit him with some attack from my mind, but already my vision was clouding at the edges and my mind was floating with confusion. He could have finished me in seconds, but he was going slowly and I felt myself begin to slip away, the darkness now reaching the centre of my vision and leaving just a dot of light and life. 

Darkness arrived. 

The words were distorted and deep, but somehow they reached me. “Leave the boy be Galactico, pick on someone your own size.”

I found myself falling and as I hit the ground I realised I had been tossed aside. I landed painfully and sucked at air, ignoring the conversation that I could just hear behind me as I dry heaved and slowly regained some semblance of consciousness. It was only as I heard the first blow land that I turned. 

Galactico was strong and fast, but each of his blows seemed to be anticipated be the Underwarrior, who batted each away, or somehow turned so that the strike whistled past him without connecting. Underwarriors blows seemed to land constantly, but none were able to hurt Galactico. 

With a roar of frustration, Galactico raised his hands into a hammerblow and dropped them in a clumsy swipe. Underwarrior stepped neatly aside and turned to me as he spun to avoid another blow. “Get inside Steve, Claire needs you.” 

I wanted to protest, to offer to stop and help him fight, but my throat throbbed in warning and I stumbled to my feet and began trying to run towards the building door on shaky legs. 

 Galactico’s voice rose in frustration. “Get back here boy.” 

I glanced back, against my better instincts, to see Underwarrior duck a jab and then reach forward, touching Galactico seemingly lightly, but sending him into the ground with enough force that it shook the ground. 

He turned and sprinted towards me, grabbing my arm as he caught me and dragging me through the door and into the building. “Thank you.” My voice sounded like a jazz singer with a 60 a day habit. 

He shook his head. “I wouldn’t say that just yet.” 

***** 

Evening all, I hope your week is going well. My work has been crazy busy, so I am looking forward to the weekend! 

Tomorrow, as usual, might be a story post or might just be drunken ramblings about whisky. We'll see how it goes. 

Afraid I am out of Imzy invites now, but if they give me any more then i'll let you know and send one to anyone interested.I turned away, feeling my cheeks burn. I had never had a kiss from a girl that actually meant something and this… meant something. “Uh, yeah, work, let’s uh, do it.” I looked up and she smirked a little, making me realise what I had said. “Oh God, I didn’t mean *do it*, I meant…” 

I waved my hands helplessly, wondering how I had managed to take a desperate situation, full of death and despair and make it awkward as well. After a long moment she put me out of my misery. “Where’s Underwarrior?” 

Finally something I could concentrate on. “He’s outside; let me see how he’s doing.” 

With blessed relief and without waiting for her reply, I reconnected with the small portion of my mind that had been sitting with the Underwarrior and slipped behind his eyes. He was backing away from Galactico, still alive and upright I was pleased to see, but I could feel the pain from injuries all over him. 

I scanned over his body; as well as his broken leg I could feel at least two of his ribs had been snapped in two, the pieces jagging into his side every time he moved.  There were other pains too, injuries across his body and his left arm dangled beside him, dislocated.  It was all I could do to dull the pain signals reaching his brain so that he could continue to fight. 

He felt the relief immediately and was able to straighten slightly, so that as the next blow flew towards his head he was able to turn, grab it with his uninjured arm and pull it past him, tripping Galactico off-balance and then catching his head as he fell and slamming him into the ground face first. 

For a split second his thoughts slowed and one travelled across his mind at a speed I could understand. “Thank you.” He knew I was with him. 

With a second’s respite he quickly ran back to the nearest wall and with difficulty lifted his arm until he could grab a piece of rebar that was sticking from the wall. He took three quick breaths and then pulled back, but pain surged through his body and he screamed in pain. 

Within his shoulder I could feel the bones beginning to move and I considered trying to assist, but I had no idea what part to push or pull to fix the problem. He pulled again and something moved, but his resolve was weakening and I felt his fingers begin to slip. 

It didn’t take much, just a small command and his fingers latched around the rebar and I held them there and then began to apply my own force, pulling him away until at last I felt something *move* in his shoulder and the pressure seemed to change. I let go and he sunk to his knees, but he was able to flex the arm. It hurt, but it worked again. 

Galactico was slowly standing and I could feel the anger pouring off him. Underwarrior pushed up from his knees and when he had regained his feet leaned back against the wall and breathed heavily, testing his arm. 

I took this brief moment to slip into Underwarriors memories and feel for what had happened while my concentration had been elsewhere, perhaps there was some other way I could even out the fight if I knew what had happened? 

It took me a moment to filter through them and find the last moment I has observed, his memories were created at the speed of his thoughts and so to replay the memory was like watching a film that had been slowed down. 

Galactico had attacked, throwing punches at incredible speed, but they were lazy and poorly aimed and I could feel Underwarrior’s distain at the sloppy fighting form. It would have been relatively easy for Galactico to make his punches more difficult to avoid, or to try to move around and get behind Underwarrior, but he did not, seemingly content to continue to throw wild punches in the hope of hitting. 

Underwarrior’s mind was calculating angles, watching body movement, speed, angle and even Galactico’s facial expression to judge where the next blow would come from, but while he was able to predict each punch, it was this concentration that was also his problem. 

I could see it coming a good ten seconds before the punch hit him; Galactico had driven him back with his swings and now Underwarrior stood with his back to the remains of a wall and suddenly there was no space to retreat. Galactico’s face dropped, all expression gone. 

Underwarrior saw the first blow, it curved in from the left like the others had and he adjusted his body to defend, but instead of the predictable pattern that had been established, Galactico’s other fist was already moving. By the time he realised the first was a feint, it was too late and Underwarrior was badly out of position. 

He saw the right hook a split second before it hit and in that moment he realised that Galactico was aiming for his liver and if he hit it cleanly then it would be a killing, or at least incapacitating blow. His footing was wrong, defending the wrong side of the body, meaning he could not twist away and so he did the only thing he was able to and let his body drop by a few inches. The blow landed high, snapping his ribs, but his liver was unhurt and he felt a wash of relief that he had gotten away so easily. 

Galactico stood back, unaware that the blow had not landed properly and waiting to see the result. Underwarrior accommodated, stumbling back as if he was going to fall and then using the motion to slip a distance away before leaning back against a piece of rubble and breathing heavily. 

With a sigh, Galactico stepped forward again. “I guess I understand why the kid is doing this, even though it’s going to get him killed, but you I can’t figure out. What does the kid have on you to buy your loyalty?” 

I felt Underwarrior’s thought go to the memory of his mother that I had found and then taken from him. That passed through his mind and then there was a jumble of mixed emotions. Some were tied directly to his feelings and yet more were tied to the desire I had woken in him to seek some kind of *fairness* for all of his life. The majority of them, though, were simple; he felt he was doing the right thing.  

“It’s not what he has on *me*, it’s that the world is *wrong*. I *know* you’re sick of it all!” I was almost surprised by the passion in Underwarrior’s voice. 

Underwarrior flinched as Galactico threw back his head and laughed, before finally leaning in, still chuckling. “You don’t have to worry about that. Whatever happens here today there’s not going to be much of a future anyway.”There were probably better questions to ask, but there was one that I could not suppress once it had occurred to me. “What did you do to my father?” 

The voice didn’t change in tone, it was level and neutral. “*We did nothing to your father. His choices have been his own.*” 

I had no form, no shape, but I could feel my head shake, like a phantom limb still trying to be a part of the body. “No, his choices may have been his own, but you gave him power and it changed him.” 

“*His choices were his own*” The calm slow pronunciation was infuriating. 

“But he *made* them with the power that *you* gave him. What did it do to him, what did *you* do to him? Tell me or... ” I was projecting my words loudly and I felt my emotions spill over and seep from me. 

The anger spilled into the air and crystallised into solidity, a fragile lattice that spun out in all directions and then shattered into tiny fragments that turned to nothing.  I watched it with astonishment and then pulled back into my mind once again and reinforced the walls of my consciousness. This place seemed to act like a sponge and it was pulling at my thoughts and feelings and trying to draw them out of me, I needed to be careful. 

Despite my outburst, there was no change in the tone of the voice. “*You have no power here to make threats. You will be removed if we so choose.*” 

“Then send me away.” I spoke without thinking, but some instinct was telling me that they were bluffing. There was no reply. 

I gathered myself to try a new tactic. “All right, let’s start again. You know my father, correct?”  

This time they replied “*Yes.*” 

“How did you come to meet him?”

 The voice replied quickly. “Like you, he found us, his gift brought him here.” 

“His gift?” There was something in the way that they had said it which made me pause. “You mean his powers?” 

“Yes. It was inevitable, we had made it so.” 

“You made it so?” Finally it felt that I was getting somewhere. “So what, his power, came from you?” 

“*That is not a question that is easily answered*” 

They seemed to be being deliberately evasive. “What’s so difficult about it, why can’t you answer?” 

There was a pause again and then a new voice began to speak. “*We are not creatures like you and your species. Certain… concepts did not exist before we met your father, things such as time or cause and effect were meaningless to us. Your father’s emergence here seemed an accident, but when we spoke to him we were intrigued with the world that he told us about and many of us wished to experience these things for ourselves.* 

“*Your father offered to be our guide and with his help we were able to chart out many places. We built a series of pathways, connected by gates that we could use to quickly experience many worlds and many levels of existence, but it was your world that we spent most time with, as we realised what we had already done.*”

A feeling of disquiet began to grow. “What do you mean?” 

“*At first we experienced your world through your father, but he was tied to time and we are not. We explored further and in doing so we made… alterations. The power which was given to you and your father was a result of our interactions with your past; we provided the means for such powers to grow and enabled the system to come to pass, so that your father would have the power to reach us and enable us to do such a thing.*” 

I slowly worked it through in my head “So our powers come from you?” 

“*No. It was your species who did the work, we merely enabled it. It was our gift, to ensure that what had come to pass would still come to pass.*” 

I didn’t like the term gift, but I pushed it aside for the moment. “We can discuss what happened in the past another time, but my father possesses huge amounts of power now, are you saying that you didn’t give it to him?” 

“*Your father’s mind was not equipped for this place. We did not know this at first but as time passed it became clear that our essence was granting him more strength but altering him as well. We tried to remove him, but his gift allows him to return when he wishes.*” 

“So that’s it?” Anger began to crystallise around me again and I suddenly felt a gap forming around me as the entities backed away. “You just leave him to do whatever he wants? Do you understand that he has done thing to my planet, subjugated other people with ‘gifts’?”  

 The first voice returned. “*It is not our place to interfere.*”

 “Oooooh, I see.” I chuckled bitterly. “It was your place when you came and changed our world, but not your place to try to fix it. 

“*We wish no harm, we only offer… advice.*” 

Was it just my imagination or was there really something in the voice that sounded… strange, like someone caught in a lie. Every question I asked seemed to lead to a half answer, a half truth, but what else was there that I could do? 

Since the moment I had arrived I had held myself firmly within my mind and pushed back, protecting against any possible intrusion, but so far I had felt nothing. Either they had abilities so far beyond my own that I had no defence against them, or they did not wish to, or were unable to try to intrude on my mind. 

As my anger seemed to have driven the entities back a little, I felt emboldened and for the first time I let me mind expand and reach out to feel the area around it. Directly around me a gap had formed, but there, slightly further out, I could suddenly feel them. Against the white they seemed to be a grey cloud, not a single entity, but a collective and as I touched it I felt an *experience* of them. Not sight, sound or any other sense, not even a thought as I understood it, but it was a portion of what they were feeling and it tasted like nervousness. 

I drew back and touched it again gently and again the same feeling came through, but I lingered for longer this time and felt their nerves settle around a concept – it was me.  I wondered if they could feel me intruding upon them, but I had no sense of that. 

I let my mind stay dipped just slightly into the grey mass. “Tell me again about my father and the first time you met.” 

The voice came back but I ignored it and focussed on what I could feel from them. I felt my father and the sudden confusion and fear that he had brought, they had been afraid of him, terrified. I pushed just a little deeper and found the fear turn to curiosity and then quickly to something else that I could not understand. 

Beyond his first meeting there was a wealth of information about humanity. They knew so much of us and it must have come from his mind, but there was no more conversation. Instead I could feel something burning, searing through him and I could hear him screaming and begging for mercy as they watched on with interest, but mercy was another concept they did not understand.Claire guided us through the portal webway, our minds orbiting together and the blank shell of her mind trailing behind, slowly filling with red power so that she could stay free of its influence. It didn’t take long until we approached the first of the gateways we were seeking. This was the connection to the dimension where we had been held by my father and also where we had formulated the plan we were now enacting. It had seemed impossible then and almost farcical now, but it *had* to work. 

It had been the Underwarrior who had created the plan; even without being able to experience the webway for himself, he had been able extrapolate based on the readings he could take and the little information we had been able to give him. We had begun working on it as soon as we had slipped into the webway and I embedded a portion of my mind within our home portal, anchoring my mind to it and creating a link. Now that connection stretched behind us as we moved towards our next destination. 

Time was irrelevant here, we were caught between moments while moving distances that were impossible to understand. Within the webway these distances had previously been irrelevant, but now, with one part of my mind remaining as a fixed point of reference, I could finally judge the distance between my location and where we had begun.  

It was dizzying, the distance was so vast and our passage so fast, that I was forced to try to block out all feeling and retreat into myself. It was hard not to believe that I was being torn in two. Perhaps Claire felt it through our connection, but she reached out and I felt her mind touch mine. At first I tried to hide it, but she pushed further and at last I shared the feelings, the fear and together we were able to set my fears aside and concentrate.  

At last we reached the other portal and we grasped hold of the thicker branches and held tightly to the outskirt metal branches. We moved carefully around until we came to the apex and there I carefully separated another portion of my mind and wrapped it into the black metal branches, pushing it down deep into the structure. 

Claire’s mind echoed across to mine. “***Are you okay?***” 

I looked back to the first portion of my mind, embedded so far away and felt its tug and then the tug of the new piece of mind I had embedded in the portal. “***I…I don’t know.***” I touched our minds together. “***Do you think this can possibly work?***” 

She didn’t hesitate. “***It has to. So far everything has gone as Underwarrior said it would, the portal tuned to the clear frequency and if he was right about that, then he’s right about this. We can do this Steve, we can merge the dimensions together and make them one.***”

She made the plan sound so simple, just pull three dimensions into one, as if that was something you did every day. “***Or destroy them all.***” 

She didn’t bother to respond, we were too far into the plan to back out, it would either work, or we would both be dead; although it could also prove not to be an either/ or situation.  

She began to pull us away from the portal. “***Are you ready to move on?***” 

I tugged at the entangled portion of my mind to check it had embedded firmly and hoped I would see it again; if this didn’t work then I would leave parts of myself scattered across the galaxy. “***Let’s go***”. We left the portal and headed towards our next and final destination, the dimension where my father had been storing all of the ‘criminals’. 

This dimension was the key to the plan, but when Underwarrior had calculated the merging of the dimensions it had needed the pocket dimension, that we had just linked to, in order to make the equations work. While there were many others that we could have chosen, the hope was that the contents of all three would merge and continue to exist and we had no desire to bring something unknown to earth from a dimension that we had not visited.  

The final portal was easy to find, but I had to be certain we had found the right one and so I looked among the crystals growing in its depths and saw the telltale signature that I had left when passing through the gate on my last journey to this dimension. I wondered if there would be any way to send a warning to the people within, but we had no way to communicate and no intention to change our plans if they objected. 

I took a final portion of my mind and placed it deep into the structure of the gate and checked to ensure it was secured, before signalling Claire that I was ready. We moved off and began to head home, back to where we had begun and where I had left the first portion of my mind.

All I could do now was to concentrate on keeping the parts of my mind together, while Claire guided us home. Without my mind working with hers we travelled more slowly, but she took great care to ensure that we were heading back by the most direct route. She also held tightly to her own mind which still trailed behind us. It was now shining like a small star as it had filled with huge amounts of power and more flowed into it every moment. A stray worry entered my mind, pondering how we would empty it to allow Claire to return, but that was a concern for later. 

We were soon back at our home portal and I searched around until I found the portion of my mind I had left behind at this gate and pulled it back to me.  

“***It’s time.***” I could feel her moving around my mind, finally taking up residence behind me. She wrapped around a branch of the portal and held on tightly.  

I could feel her nerves. ***Ready whenever you are.*** 

This time I didn’t reply. I could feel the strands of my mind as they stretched across the webway and carefully I hooked a finger under each and with great care I began to pull. I could feel the strands stiffen and then go taut and I slowly began to increase the pressure, terrified that my mind would somehow snap and tear in two. 

I tried not to think of what I was attempting to do. I was trying to pull worlds and dimensions across the firmament of space-time to merge them with another world that already occupied the space. I pulled again, hoping that the dimensions would slide across the portal connections in the webway like a sled moved across worn tracks in the snow and they would follow my mind to this world. 

At first I had been gentle, fearful I would tear my mind and the pieces would spiral away into nothing, but as I increased the pressure and strength they continued to hold. I could feel Claire offering support, but still nothing moved and I began to grow frustrated.  

At last, fear of breaking my mind gone, I let my full strength loose and felt a shudder as I heaved on the strands with all of my might, but it was still not enough. My mind was giving everything it was able… or… or was it. I had left portions of my mind behind in each gate and they were currently doing no work, but passively waiting to be drawn in. I was effectively using only a third of my mind. 

The thoughts seemed to take long seconds to travel between them, but at last I felt them respond and finally my whole mind began to work together and pull from all sides. I felt the power and force increase and I held nothing back. At last, slowly at first, but gathering speed, I felt worlds move as my mind forced the universe to reorganise. 

“***What’s happening?***” Her voice was a whisper, too small to even be able to respond, but her mind was perfect for the job I needed it for and I used it like a tool. It coordinated, guided and held the three worlds together as I pulled and slowly they came to a single place.  

As they approached it was beginning to occur to me that the last step was perhaps bigger than even the effort to pull them there. Merging dimensions was something I had no understanding of and as they drew near I could feel them began to repel each other, no matter how hard I pulled. 

It needed more, more power, more strength, more than I could provide and I had used everything I had to simply bring them together. At last I was faced with a choice, to give up, allow the dimensions to split apart again, or to take the power from somewhere else. 

I had no choice I could not fail.  

The shell of Claire’s mind was a connection to the red power and it had filled with a vast reserve. I had seen what it did to both my father and Claire, but I had no choice and so I did what needed to be done and I took the power into myself. 

It filled me quickly, flowing with no resistance, spreading through me and strengthening me. Somewhere Claire was objecting, her mind clamouring for attention, but her part was done, her job had been successful and now I needed power, not guidance. I began to understand what my father had found so alluring about this, it offered options to me, it called on me to use it as I saw fit and it responded when I called upon it. Now the task of pulling dimensions together didn’t seem impossible and I reached out to them again. 

They came, tearing from the universe and overlapping and becoming one as I forced them with sheer power into the same space and time. The red power made it possible, made it *easy* and I drew upon it more deeply, taking even more power than I needed, to simply feel its swell within me. 

The tiny voice of Claire still sounded somewhere in my mind, echoing a protest that was unnecessary as I controlled and shaped the world at my whim. Her old mind was empty now, the power both within me and flowing in from the universe around. Claire had served her purpose and now it seemed more logical to separate her and return her to her own mind, which was free of the corruption of power and ready for her.  

I placed her back into her own mind and felt her click into place. As soon as she had returned though, she flew back at me and again I felt her pushing at me, making demands that I no longer needed to listen to. 

It was safer and more efficient if she was somewhere safe and so I reached out and took control of her mind and guided it back through the portal barrier and into her body and then disconnected her from the system. It would be better for her this way. It was time to complete the plan and make three dimensions into one. 


*****

Happy Monday all, 

I hope today’s part made sense for everyone as it’s a bit of a weird one I know.  

I can see all this in my head and it’s hard sometimes to remember that you can’t all see into my brain too, so I can only hope that you get what I am going for. 

See you tomorrow!With Claire gone, I redoubled my efforts and drew more deeply on the rich red power, surrendering myself to its intoxicating charge. With the three dimensions overlapping and a firm grasp on each, it was no longer necessary to hold a piece of my mind in each of the portal gateways and so I disentangled them and pulled them back to me. 

My mind combined into a single piece and I expected to feel the rush as the power available to me tripled, but instead of blending back together there was an irritation in my mind that prevented the parts from combining. It nagged at me, refusing to let my mind come together in acceptance of the red power one part stayed separate, retaining its golden glow, instead of taking on the reassuring red that the power provided.    

This was *unacceptable*, my mind was my tool and to feel a part of it reject my touch was infuriating. I wanted to tear my mind apart to find the cause, but holding the three dimensions together occupied my mind almost completely, leaving little room for introspection. Whatever it was that held me back from fully immersing myself into the power, I simply had to deal with it for now, at least I had more than enough power to do what I wanted.  

I pushed the dimensions and slowly the came together, but remained just slightly out of phase.  Only one thing was left to combine, the gateways, but no matter how much force I applied to them, they refused to join together. Instead they sat at the edge of the combined dimensions and blocked the final merge and forced me to hold the three dimensions in place. 

I paused and considered the problem; if the portals would not join then, the dimensions could not either and eventually I would be forced to give up and the plan would be wasted. At last something occurred to me and I slowly worked it through in my mind until it seemed like a plausible solution. The portals were the only parts of this place which already existed in two worlds and so their very structure was intended to separate one side of the portal from another. Combining them then might conceivably be impossible, but perhaps that was unnecessary? 

Once the new combined dimension had formed there would be only a need for one gateway, not three and so if the others were removed then perhaps the issue of combining them could be avoided entirely. It seemed a neat solution, I would just tear the spares free and let them drift away, unneeded. 

The three dimensions were sitting as a field of matter that was both vast and inconsequential. They pushed at my mind with an almost feral fury, desperate to separate from one another, but held by my mind just fractions away from their final combination. Now, with an admittedly arrogant ease, I held them where they were while I turned my attention to the gateways.  

I moved to the first portal and examined it, feeling where it interacted with this dimension and the one on the other side and finding the non-existent boundary that divided them. With care, I took hold of the gateway and grasped the firmament where it seemed to interact with the gateway edge and then began to draw them apart. To my surprise the gateway moved easily, but it was just the firmament stretching and no tear appeared. 

I grasped at the fabric of reality again and pulled, yanking more quickly this time, as if speed would somehow assist in creating a tear, but again it did nothing, as the portal was not locked to a single location. *Stupid*, I had just pulled it clear across the webway, of course I could not tear it loose by simply pulling it again. 

I needed a tool, one sharp enough to push through the boundaries of reality and pierce the firmament, but where to find one? There was nothing in this realm except the webway itself and the only thing that was solid were the gateways… *The gateways!* of course, their whole *purpose* was to create a hole in reality! 

I focused on the gateway and ran my mind across the metal branches, looking for one that felt like it would be suitable. At last I found a small piece that jutted from the side, only a few inches long and thin enough that it seemed it would break free with little enough trouble. 

My mind struggled to keep the dimensions held together while I focussed in on the gateway and I pulled more power from the red to compensate, letting it overwhelm the lack of focus with sheer strength. As the dimensions settled again I focussed on the small branch and reached with my mind to snap it loose.  

The metal seemed to strain against me, pushing back with equal force to the effort I funnelled towards it. The gateway too seemed to writhe, almost as if it was in pain, but I had no time to pay heed to its reactions and I pulled harder until at last, with a soft clink, a small piece of the branch broke away and I held my prize. 

It was tiny, less than an inch long, but crucially the end had broken with a sharp edge and it was this edge that I needed.  Moving back to the side of the portal, I held onto the gateway this time, and slid the broken piece of branch down the side, until I felt it connect with the firmament and as I pressed I felt it begin to cut through. 

At first there was nothing and then a shudder seemed to emanate from the area I had sliced, spreading out and rippling as far as I could see through the webway. I ignored it and cut further, but now my knife slid easily though the material and the cut tore in front of where I sliced, splitting the fabric of space-time easily.  

The gap began to resemble a wound and now it grew until the sides parted and light began to spill through from the other side. I reached out and felt the edge of the tear and cautiously pulled it back an inch or so until I could see into what lay beyond. It was white, but it was an absence of darkness, rather than a surplus of light that seemed to be the cause, although *something* was being emitted. 

It touched me and this light, for want of a better word, passed through me, burning away thoughts and feelings and leaving only a sense of loss and emptiness. The tear was growing and had now become several feet in length and I no longer wished to see what was on the other side, but it was no longer my choice. 

I reached for the power to use it to pull myself free, but it was gone, replaced with sudden fear and regret at my actions and a crippling surge of pressure as the dimensions that I had held together with ease, now threatened to rip apart. 

I tried to turn, to focus back on them, but it was impossible. I could no longer turn away, no longer prevent the tear from spreading and no longer stop myself from falling forwards, into the space beyond space.  


*****

"*He is here.*" The voice was soft, almost a whisper and it seemed to come from every direction at once. 

I was surrounded by the light that was not light and my mind seemed intact, but the power had gone and in its absence I felt disgust at what it had done to me, how it had made me long for more power and call more and more deeply on its source, without even understanding what that was.

Suddenly there were many voices speaking, like hundreds of whispers, but each one so close that they could be speaking directly into my ear. They blended and cut each other off and I struggled to pick out phrases from the whole. 

“*…he has done such damage…*”  

“*…send him back and destroy all that…*”   

“*… and how did he reach…*”   

“*…why did he come here and what is…*”   

“*…reason with him, we must not miss this chance to…*”   

“*…not make the same mistakes as we did with his father.*”   

“My father?” The voices stopped as soon as I spoke. “What do you know about my father? Who are you and where am I?” 

The voices came again in a rush, louder and more frantic this time. I tried to pick out words, but they were too much, too fast and impossible to hear. “Please, I can’t understand you.” 

Again the voices stopped as soon as I spoke and after a moment just one came back. “*We are those who know the path and show what must be seen.*” 

I waited to see if there was further explanation coming, but that seemed to be it. “I…I don’t know what that means. You mentioned my father, are you the ones he called the Advisors?”  

There was caution in the voice. “*That is… a possible name. It is difficult to express our nature in a way that your mind could comprehend.*” 

The light was beginning to hurt and so I withdrew into my mind for a moment to take stock and decide on how to progress. I was lost in a world within a world, seemingly at the whim of beings who had changed my father into the man who had tried to kill me. All I had to protect myself was my mind… and the small sharp piece of the gateway that I still held tightly.  

*****

Evening all. 

I’m going out tomorrow night so I might not get a part up, but I’ll try as I am really enjoying writing at the moment. 

It’s also possible I might think it’s a really good idea to edit up and post whatever I have written when I get home, so tomorrow might be a special spelling mistake night!I could see everything. The entire history of the entities was there, trying to cram into my mind all at once. I held it up, looking for patterns in the information and eventually coming to terms with its structure and gingerly beginning to move through, looking for the beginning.   

The entities had originally existed with no concept of time, no concept of *anything*, and in this state they had been content simply to exist. They were one and many, having no need to distinguish themselves as individuals and no need to consider that was even a possibility. 

My father’s arrival shattered their reality. They had never felt the touch of *other*, never needed to shy away from a being, or push together with their own kind for comfort. He brought time with him and once it had been introduced there was suddenly a ‘before’, when he had not been there and then there was a ‘now’. At once their view of the universe was fundamentally changed and they began to evolve into creatures of time and space. 

My father showed no sign of being able to detect them on his arrival, indeed he was looking for a way to leave, having teleported here seemingly by accident. With his seeming lack of threat, the entities slowly gained confidence and pulled closer to him. One by one they took turns, slipping into his mind and pulling out thoughts, memories and feelings, then sharing them with the others. 

Slowly they began to piece together a concept of the world and as they did, they were *fascinated* with what they found. This world he had come from was utterly foreign to them, but they were intoxicated by it. They pulled more and more, examining each morsel of information with insatiable curiosity. Now instead of taking turns, hundreds pushed in, each seeking something new that they could feel for the first time. 

His presence was changing the very fabric of their reality and slowly they began to phase into physical alignment with my father. As they rooted though his mind he could now feel as they crushed against him, trying to experience him for themselves. They had no concept of pain and so his screaming meant nothing. 

Soon they had pulled everything they were able to from him and began to attempt to manipulate him, using his body like a crude puppet. They learned so quickly and soon found the nexus of his powers and did what they had done with every other part of him, they pushed and poked, until at last they found a way to activate them. 

Almost two hundred entities had crammed into his mind and they watched with rapt attention as he desperately navigated his way through his teleportation stream and emerged onto a planet that he had never seen before. Here the sky was purple, the ground soft and the entities flooded out, pulling loose parts of his mind before they left to ensure that he would not be able to leave them and jump again.  

They touched every part of this new dimension and when they were satisfied that they had learned all that they could, they returned to my father. They forced him to jump dozens and then hundreds of times, seeking new experiences and new worlds, until at last they found their way home. 

Those who had been left behind clamoured for this new information and soon they too used my father to travel through the worlds as well, making thousands more jumps and forming grooves between the dimensions as my father travelled. At last, when all of the entities had visited every world, they were satisfied and turned to creating pathways so that they could travel without my father. This was to become the webway.  

To enter each world by themselves they condensed raw matter from the universe and fashioned gateways, then shared the secrets of travel with many of the worlds they had visited and the creatures they had found. The gateways were no altruistic ideal though, they were created to leech information of all who passed, storing it as crystals so that they entities could feed on this new experience and information. 

With the webway built, my father was left, abandoned in their dimension, his mind and body shattered and worthless. Time passed and his mind slowly began to piece itself back together, but it had been broken and warped, infused with traits of greed and an insatiable desire to dominate. When the entities at last returned, they found the remains of a man, formed in their own image. 

Throughout his possession, my father had only been able to retain one small portion of control, a refusal to take them to the dimension they craved more than any other, Earth. Some part of him had always remained, keeping his home and friends safe, as he had done for so many years in he heroic career, but he was no longer the same man he had been. His mind had been fundamentally changed and he made a deal. 

He was not angry, he was not looking for revenge, instead he was filled with the same lust as the entities; he wanted possession, control and experience. With nothing holding him back any longer, he took them to earth and at last they were able to feed upon the world they so desired.  

They altered time and history, ensuring that the powers which would lead to my father came into being and in the present they ensured that he would control those who had been given their ‘gift’. The world was pacified, preventing any resistance to their control and the people of the world rejoiced, unaware that the peace they had come to cherish was merely a side effect of a greater plan.   

There was one more aspect; with my father in control they were able to guide the development of the super heroes, slowly controlling their evolution with a single ultimate goal – allowing the possession of a hero by an entity on a permanent basis. Humans were too weak and would burn out quickly, but those with powers could survive for a time and within their meat shells the entities could go out and seek all of the experience they could ever desire. 

I wanted to be angry, to rail against the entities or even my father and pull them to pieces, but the hypocrisy was not lost on me. I was not so very different to these beings, awoken from a place of ignorance and thrust into the world to do what they felt was necessary to survive and prosper. What I had done to the Sergeant, to everyone…  

I moved back through time to the beginning once more and found myself looking at my father, freshly arrived in their dimension, full of confusion. In moments the entities would lose their fear of him and the path would be set, but I could *feel* his mind and I knew that with a nudge I could send him away before that could happen. Would it really change history? Would I change my *own* past and if so what would that mean? 

Before I could take any action I felt something grasping me and I was dragged free of the sphere thrown back into the mass of their entities. They grasped at me desperately and I was pulled away, kept off balance by the sheer desperate force they applied.  

I could hear them whispering softly to me as they pressed in around me, the voices low and frantic. 
 
“*You must not change what has been.*” 

“*We cannot lose what we have achieved.*” 

“*Join us and become strong.*” 

They pushed with determined strength against the walls of my mind and slowly the pressure began to grow. I heaved them back and moved forward and looking for a space where the pressure was less. They followed, still grasping at me and still forcing themselves against my mind; as they failed to break through I could feel their desperation growing. 

It took a moment to notice but all around me things had begun to darken and the unmistakable metallic taste of the red power filled my senses. Every entity as far as I could see had begun to glow a soft red and pushed I ever more tightly to me, making movement nearly impossible. 

I had only once choice and in desperation I pulled free the small sharp shard of the gateway that I had held tucked inside me and desperately slashed at the entities around me. A few backed away a little and with the tiny space that afforded me, I grabbed the firmament and reached down to slash at it and with desperate strength. 

I raked the shard over it again and again until at last it pierced through, into whatever was beyond. The feeling of power was almost overwhelming now and the red glow had become almost painful to look at. I hacked at the firmament until a hole the size of my fist had opened up and then pulled with my remaining strength until a rip began to widen. 

With a flash the red discharged and I felt it wash through me, too pure at first to be pain, but that came soon enough. It was too strong and I felt the walls of my mind collapse and the entities flooded into my mind. With the last of my strength I grasped at the hole I had made and unsure where it would lead me, I pulled myself through. 

*****

Apologies for the brief hiatus, but it’s good to be back. 

I have been struggling with this part for about four days now and I am not 100% convinced I have it right, but for now at least it is done and we can get back to Galactico as I have been missing him. 

Anyway, that to one side, my struggles meant I tried to clear my head by doing some writingprompts, as you might have seen on the sub and I am pleased with how they turned out, so swings and roundabouts, as they say. 

See you all tomorrow!My face twisted into a half smile. “It’s over. No more secret prisons, no more advisors – all of it’s done.” 

Galactico looked around. “Because you managed to bring back the dregs of powers that we’d already discarded?” He stepped forward and moved alongside one of the returned villains, a young woman, no more than twenty or so, with long brown hair that was tied back neatly. He reached out and put his hand on top of her head, meaty fingers reaching down past her ears. “All you’re doing is making me look forward to killing you more.”
 
I turned away just in time, grabbing Claire and spinning her around, as chunks of skull and flesh flew in all directions. There was a wet thump as the body feel to its knees and then another, as a second later it hit the floor. 

There was only a slight breeze of air as he moved and I could feel him loom over me. He gently placed his hand on my head and I felt his fingers clamp down firmly. “Let’s be clear here *Steve*, all I ever wanted was to do whatever I damn well wanted, *whenever* I damn well wanted to do it and be left the *fuck* alone.” 

He chuckled slightly. “All the shit your father did with his little alien imps was his thing and whatever daddy issues brought you here and made you decide to poke your nose in…” One of his fingers moved across my face and flicked my nose painfully. “…it’s not going to stop me from doing exactly what I should have done the first time I saw you.” He looked around and laughed. “Besides, they’re all still wearing their little control bands, so they’re not going anywhere. You’ve done *nothing*!”

I couldn’t stop it, the laughter just bubbled up and out of me, even as his meaty fingers twitched and tightened around my head. He slowly turned me so that I faced him; from the corner of my eye I saw Claire moving away and I hoped she was taking this chance to get as far away as possible.   

“You’re an idiot Glactico.” His fingers tightened around my head and I continued quickly. “Firstly because you seem to think that I’m doing all this because of my father and secondly…” He was lifted off his feet with the force of the telekinetic blow that I delivered to his stomach and was thrown back several feet before landing heavily. “…well, secondly because you *still* seem to be underestimating me and not killing me when you have the chance.”

His face turned up to look at me, just in time for my next blow to hammer him down into the concrete, which cracked beneath him. For all of my bravado I needed to move quickly, before he could recover enough to get near me again, but I had finally bought enough time for myself and I was ready. 

There were two thousand, one hundred and six halos, one around the head of each person who had been returned from the other dimension and now stood immobile. Their absence from the psychic firmament had once meant that I was unable to detect them, but now it acted as a beacon. It allowed me to filter out everything else and concentrate my mind on all of them at once and for the last three minutes, while keeping Galactico busy, that’s what I had been doing. 

I suppose I could have simply let the halos disconnect and fall to the floor, but something of the showman inside of me insisted on a flashier manoeuvre. With a flick of my wrist, all two thousand, one hundred and six halos sprang open, flying into the air with the force of their opening and then falling with a metallic clink onto the ground. 

Each mind, suddenly freed, surged with thoughts as they began to process their freedom. Some fell to the ground, other sank to their knees and almost all clutched their heads in surprise, as their thoughts were their own again. Many had been trapped for years, a few decades and I could feel a mixture of confusion and fear as they tried to process where they were.  

I was ready and prepared for this moment; I had created a memory and shaped it, crafting it into a message for each of the returned individuals. It explained what had happened, that this was not a trick and that they were now free. I gave them what they had been denied for so long, a choice to leave, or stay and stand with me and each would make that decision, but there was one in particular I hoped would make the decision to stay.  

My mind stretched, copying and pasting the information hundreds and then thousands of times and touching each mind to test whether the owner would stay or leave. This was the moment I had waited for, that I had planned for with the Underwarrior and Claire. It had worked, it had all worked. The portal was disconnected, my father marginalised and with the power available in this room I could reshape the world into something better, I could do better than my father had ever managed and I would avoid the mistakes that he had made. 

Not all of them would stay and fight and a few might need to be temporarily controlled, to ensure their talents were more lost, but enough would to take down Galactico and my father, as well as to help me deal with the remains of the heroes and the Justice Crew. I could feel their minds were near too, but at the moment I needed to concentrate; there would be time to find them later. 

I looked over to Crush Machine, like the others he was slowly regaining his senses, but for him, that would need to wait for a little while. I needed a form that could stand toe to toe with Glactico and with his body housing my mind, that was possible. Before he was fully back in control, I pushed his mind down, suppressing it so that I could control his body. Glactico was still standing but in three quick strides I moved Crush Machine in front of me to create a barrier of sorts. 

I was finally nearly finished implanting the memory and as I touched the last of the minds, there was just a moment where I was stretched across all two thousand of the returned. In that moment I was distracted and unable to see that I had left my own mind foolishly weak and vulnerable. I felt the change; it was as if my shoes had been set on fire and I was seeing the smoke rise past my face, but I was unable to do anything while stretched across thousands of minds.  

With what power they seemingly had left, the Advisors made their move and forced their way from the back of my mind and tore a hole into the world. My stomach fell in fear as I watched them pour into the open, where thousands of powerful bodies awaited them, each weak and vulnerable. The returned were still gathering themselves from the shock of their disengagement from the halo and they were taken by surprise and overwhelmed quickly. 

Their bodies were the perfect hosts, strong enough to contain the Advisors, but too weak to stop their intrusion and the Advisors fell upon these minds hungrily. Although more had returned outside, they seemed to go mainly for those who were inside the building, seeking out first the most powerful and then taking the rest of the bodies.  

“No, NO”, I staggered back in shock, this was supposed to be *my* army, this was supposed to be the force I needed to defeat my father, Galactico and anyone else who stood in my way, but the Advisors had spread quickly and  soon it seemed that almost half of the minds near me were glowing softly red. 

I looked to the side to see the huge form of Crush Machine, who had fallen to a knee and now slowly stood and turned to face me, eyes glowing with power, his face blank. How could I have been so *stupid*, how did they…. It came to me; this was all my fault as I had done *exactly* what they had wanted. As I had pulled the dimensions together into one they had time to pull and tear at my mind, but it was not the random sabotage I had assumed they had been doing, it had been purposeful. 

They had changed something, or set in motion something in my mind to ensure that I would gather them together, *hundreds* of them and hold them at the back of my mind. I had thought I was keeping them suppressed, but I was just keeping them safe.  Instead of leaving them in the other dimension, where they could do no harm, I had brought them with me to the one place they craved more than any other. They had used me as a lifeboat, just as they had done once before with my father. 

Now the red eyes seemed to be all around me, interspersed with the others, some of whom were beginning to look round and make sense of their surroundings, as the effects of the halos finally wore off. I looked up at Crush Machine and his face twisted into a snarl and he swiped forward in a clumsy grab at me.  As he moved, so did dozens of the other Advisors; they attacked violently and indiscriminately and seconds later confused screams filled the room as the newly freed villains began to fight for their lives.  

I danced backwards, narrowly avoiding Crush Machine’s grasp and using his momentum to push him forward, tripping him as he passed me and then sending his body tumbling across the floor until it slammed into the far wall. They were everywhere, glowing eyes bright as they attacked, blood slick on the floor as bodies fell and the screams were silenced, one by one. 

I sensed the presence behind me just in time to turn away, avoiding the grasping hands that clawed at me. The girl was tall and quick though and I couldn’t react quickly enough to stop her grabbing me a second time and pulling me forward, her other hand reaching for my face. 

It stopped and we both looked up to see Galactico standing over her, holding onto her arm. He shook her with one hand, like a towel being flicked and her body went limp, the light in her eyes gone. 

*****
Not long to go now!

Next part up probably on Thursday as I am off out to a whisky tasting tomorrow.Galactico tossed the body to one side and stepped forward, but before he could say anything thickly muscled arms wrapped around his neck from behind and he was suddenly pulled off his feet and slammed to the floor. Immediately three more entities were on him and I watched as he struggled free and then darted away across the room, with the entities in pursuit. 

I had only a second to let my mind scan across the room and try to pick sense from the mess in front of me. Most of the entities had immediately begun to fight, but a few were moving for the doors to the outside, as were many of the returned villains. If the entities got out then the might be impossible to find again; they *needed* to be stopped and contained. 

It was easy to pick Claire’s mind out from the crowd; she had made for higher ground and was waiting in the control room to see where she could best be used. I reached out to her and touched her mind. 

I glanced up towards where she was, but it was too hard to see her. “They’re trying to get out. Can you seal the doors?” 

A pair of red eyes loomed in front of me and I broke the contact before she could reply, but a moment later I felt the first of the entities possessed bodies turn back from the doors and move back into the room. Whatever she had done, it was working. 

The entity in front of me was easy to knock away and it rebounded into the middle of another fight wand was drawn into that. There was no rest though and I looked up to find Crush Machine running for me, sending anyone in his path flying as he carved his way through the fight towards me. I just had time to gather myself and then he was on me.

He slammed his fists down and I flung myself backwards desperately. I could hold him at bay for a *little* while, but he only needed one lucky shot and with his immense strength it would be over in an instant. I reached into his mind and there I could feel the entity in his head, burning with a deep rich red glow. I reached for it, hoping to pull it free, but it was buried to deep and burned too brightly to remove. 

There was no way to free him, not quickly at any rate and all around I could hear the screams of fighting. The entities were outnumbered, but they had the advantage of surprise and the ability to jump to a new host as one died, if they were quick enough. It wouldn’t take long to tip the balance in their favour and if they succeeded then there would be no one left who could stand against them.  

I cursed the decisions I had made; this was supposed to be the solution to the problem, bringing back all those who my father had locked away as “villains”, but instead they were dying. Now Crush Machine lunged for me again and this time I focussed and held him telekinetically still and I began exploring where I might be able to hurt him 

He was strong and practically invulnerable, but every body had weaknesses and he was no different. I searched, finding mostly muscles that had been worked and exercised to the point where they were grotesque, but for some muscles that was impossible. He took a breath and his diaphragm expanded, helping drawing air into his lungs but once it contracted to force the air out, I held it still and unmoving. 

It took a few moments to register and he took another step forward, but even in a stolen body the entity could feel that something was wrong. His meaty hand moved to his throat in confusion and he began to gasp, trying to suck in enough air, but it was no use. 

Crush Machine fell to his knees and then a moment later forward onto his front; I approached once he was down and kneeled beside the huge body. His face was flushed a deep red as the last of the oxygen in his bloodstream failed him and he slowly gave up on trying to breath. 

The entity was confused, not fearful, but beginning to comprehend that the body it had taken control of was suffering. It struggled again to force a breath and as that failed, it finally lost faith in its host and I felt it detach itself from the mind. 

A part of me wanted to let it go, but how then to stop it? It was almost impossible to directly interact with the entities, they burned at my mind when I tried and outside of a body I was unsure what would kill it. I felt it move, to push through the boundaries of the mind, but I pushed back, reinforcing the mind with my own power and refusing to let it leave.  

As the body began to shut down the entity became frantic and surged against the sides of Crush Machine’s mind, looking for a way to escape. It could feel the neurons dying and it tried failed to escape, but I held it firmly, feeling the last of the mind slip away.  As the body died the entity was pulled with it into oblivion and the red eyes finally dimmedand went out - he was dead.      

Almost at the same moment I felt the entity fade away, rough hands grabbed me and I was tossed aside easily. A red eyed woman stood over the body and reached down to touch the face, before her head snapped across to look at me. She straightened up and then seemed to *hiss* at me before leaping for me in an attack. 

She had no special power of invulnerability and I snapped her neck cleanly, severing the spinal cord in a single motion and again holding the might tightly, so that the entity was again trapped and faded away to nothing. I felt only a twinge of regret, but in a moment that was gone and at last I was able to look up and around me. 

*****

Sorry, it’s a little short today as I am still a little hungover – man the whisky tasting last night was good though. 

I’ll be back soon with the next part :-)This "last" part ended up being a lot longer than I thought, so it has ended up taking all day to write and I have only had time to edit about half of it for posting tonight. It's now getting pretty late in Scotland and I need to go sleep, so I'll finish tomorrow. 
 
See you tomorrow for the *actual* last part...probably :-)

*****  
*****  
*****

Galactico turned to face me and for a fraction of a second it seemed as if he was smiling, but there was no expression on his face, simply the cold burning eyes of certain death. Blood dripped slowly from his hand as he stepped forward; in a blur he stood in front of me. 

For all of his power and aggression, I had never been afraid of Galactico before this moment, but then I had always previously had some plan, a *reason* not to fear him. Now I had nothing. I closed my eyes and reached out one final time with my mind, but if anything he had grown more powerful. Without Adam’s calming guidance I was no longer able to let the pain pass through me and I was burned by the intensity of his mind and forced to pull back, helpless against the entities.  

I had lost. I had no more moves, no plan to put into place and no idea how to beat them. A small surge of defiance pushed at my pride and I decided to face my death with the courage I had lacked for most of my life and I forced my eyes to open and look up as he loomed above me, his still bloody hand moving up to extinguish my life. 

I had almost accepted my fate when two slight noises seemed to come from somewhere near my left ear and suddenly thick wires had slapped into Galactico’s chest and dangled down. His hand faltered from its rise and he snatched towards the wires.  

A faint buzzing began and then, almost immediately, there was a crack, a flash and I was on my back looking at the ceiling, my body numb. The chlorine stench of ozone filled the air and it took a moment to recognise the familiar signs of an electrical shock. As a child I had been… careless around electricity and for a moment I felt almost nostalgic. 

My vision swan until suddenly it was filled with a face that was looking down with concern. “Steve? Are you okay?” 

I smiled and Claire’s face flooded with relief. “I… I think something hit me?”  

She pulled me up and I could see a broad area of the floor in front of me was blackened. Lying perhaps thirty feet away was Galactico, the wires still embedded in his chest and his feet still twitching. Claire was already trying to get me to stand and as my senses returned I stumbled up to an unsteady crouch. 

“Come on, we don’t have much time.” She pulled at me again, trying to get me to all the way up, but my legs were still wobbly and I held back for a moment. 

I watched Galactico’s feet twitching. “What happened?”  

Claire glanced over and exhaled in exasperation. “I saw what was coming and I made a Taser, okay. I think it arced across to you just a little bit. Can we go now? It wont keep him down for long I’d bet.” 

Where Galactico had stood there were two small craters in the concrete and black scorch marks spread out across the floor in a beautiful fractal pattern. To one side I could now see lengths of plastic tubing with wiring sprouting out that was connected to a series of electrical boards that had been hastily taped together. The wires that were still stuck in Galactico fed through the tubes she had fired them from and I followed them with my eyes up to the great electrical coils that lined the walls to power the portal. “A *Taser*?” 

She smiled. “Well, something like that.” She finally pulled me to my feet. “Come *on* Steve. I checked the security cameras and there are planes in the hanger. I think I can fly, we can get away from here before he can get up.” 

She pulled at my hand and at last I relented and let her pull me forward. She was right, the entities didn’t have a full grasp on his powers yet and we stood a good chance of getting away. If we hid well enough then they would struggle to find us, so perhaps we could be lucky, stay hidden and have a life. 

Claire glanced back at me and for a moment I saw our lives together and I wanted it. What was left for me here? I had failed to stop the entities time and again and it had led to the death of hundreds of people with powers, Underwarrior, Adam and even Galactico. Each time I had fought them I had ultimately lost and each time I had paid a price; perhaps this was the right thing to do? 

I stopped and pulled Claire to a stop with me. “I can’t go. We *have* to stop them here, or at least try. If we fail then God knows what they’ll do, they’ll find us anyway and they’ll be more powerful then than they are now.” 

I could have looked into her mind to see what she was thinking. I could have *made* her agree, but instead I waited to see what she would say. Emotions fought on her face until finally defiance won out. She pulled her hands free and folded her arms. “I’m not going without you?” 

I laughed and she looked peeved. “Go? Of course you’re fucking not. You’re the only one who’s actually hurt them so far.” 

Her mouth opened slightly and then closed again and a grin finally appeared. “I hope you have a plan?” 

I shook my head and then glanced back over my shoulder. He was still down, still twitching and I reached out with my mind to see what damage had been done. Inside his head the surge of electricity had thrown the entities out of sync, but they had adapted quickly and now the electricity seemed to be feeding them, making them stronger.

I pulled my mind back. “God damn, they’re *absorbing* the electricity.” 

Claire shuddered. “Fuck, that was all I had to hit them with. At least I can cut off the power so they can’t get any more from it.” She turned to the coil on the wall, ready to sever the connection, but my hand flew to her shoulder and stopped her. At last I knew what to do. 

“No, not less, we need *more* power, we need to give them *everything*.” 

She looked at me askew. “Steve, what do you…” 

“Please, trust me, can you increase the power?” 

Slowly she nodded. “I can if I get up to the main transformers and bypass them. I hope you know what you’re doing though.” 

I shrugged. “Me too.” 

She lifted her hand to my face and then leaned in and brushed her lips to mine with a soft kiss. The words whispered out so softly that they were barely more than a breath. “Don’t fuck this up.” Then she was gone. 

She sprinted across the room and in moments was climbing the far wall, pulling herself up swiftly, until she was lost in the tangle of metal and wires that ran the length of the room. I hoped I was right, but my only consolation was that if I was wrong then they’d probably kill me quickly.  

I walked slowly towards the body of Galactico, paused a dozen steps away and waited. I counted slowly in my head. *‘One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three…’* he sat up and his red eyes burned brightly. The blood stained hand came up and in a moment would pull the cables from his body, there was no more time. 

I screamed as loudly as I could, barely able to hear myself over the sound of adrenaline rushing through my ears. “NOW” 

There was a sickening second as his hand came closer to the wires and then suddenly they began to glow and the soft high pitched wine grew to an almost unbearable shriek. I wished I had connected myself to Claire’s mind, to say goodbye one last time, but for what I was going to do next, it was better she was completely separated.  

The power hit Galactico and rocked his body back, but the entities understood the electricity now and adjusted to accept this increased flow quickly. Glactico’s mind glowed like the sun and I could feel a sense of… smugness perhaps? They had everything they wanted and I was going to give them more. 

Before they had adjusted enough to be able to concentrate on anything but the new power flowing into them, I walked forward and then stepped behind Galactico and crouched down. He still sat in an upright position and I clamped a hand onto each of his temples and I gave them what they wanted. I gave them more power. 

The electricity tickled me slightly, but they were absorbing it somehow and in a moment I no longer felt it. I didn’t need to be subtle now, I didn’t need to hold back, all that mattered was power and I let him have every bit of mine. Every ounce of power that I had felt, I pushed into his mind and when it began to radiate out again I quickly reflected it back into his mind, not letting any escape. I had to give them every ounce, all at once. 

I could hear them whisper as they absorbed it, eagerly pulling more from me, even as they struggled to accept and absorb what was being provided to them; the whisper remained the same “*want*”. Somewhere there was an explosion and the electricity cut out, but now there was no more need for it, I was funnelling more into them than the electricity could have ever provided, filling them with *my* power, letting them have every part of myself and then, at last, they could take no more. 

They had taken everything, until they reached their limits, but I was not stopping. I had more, not much, but enough to push them so that now their power no longer was their friend, it began to *hurt* them. In panic they pushed back, but they had never rejected power before and had no idea how to block what I was giving them. They were trapped, but still I gave them more. I gave them everything. 

All was white now. I could no longer feel the entities, I could no longer feel myself and my energy was at an end. With effort I was able to open my eyes and found I was lying on my side, looking still at Galactico. He had fallen too and lay on his back with a white light burning from his eyes and mouth; it streamed up into the darkness. 

With almost no feeling left, I reached out and found that I could still see his mind. The entities had fused together into a white mass and behind them a darkness seemed to loom, offering a shadow to the light. I didn’t think, but I reached out and touched the entities and they rocked back and forth with brittle precision. 

It took just a touch and they moved again and so I gathered my strength for one final push and they slipped away from my touch, falling into the shadow. The darkness grew, enveloping and devouring them. They slid into the black, until at last there was nothing left and the light winked out.  

They were gone.The assault on Adam was brutal. Galactico, amped by the power surging though his mind, hammered down, swinging with both fists and sending small shock waves reverberating back into the room. Although Adam dodged or blocked many and perhaps only one in ten blows landed, each one that did noticeably hurt him and it was easy to see that he could only survive so many.  

I scrabbled at the open mind of Galactico, but the entities had formed a choking tangle of vines, tangling me as I pushed through them and always pushing me back, always resisting my intrusion. I redoubled my efforts but it was hard to concentrate as I felt compelled to keep one eye on the fight, trying to gauge if I was having any effect and feeling sickened at the one sided battle. 

With each passing second more blows landed on Adam, until at last a straight jab landed past his guard, knocking him backwards to the ground and Galactico was immediately on him. He grasped him by the collar and dragged him up to his feel and then lurched forward with a head butt that echoed off the walls and once more Adam sunk to the ground. Three minutes into the fight and it was a slaughter and I was doing nothing but watching.  I knew my role, I knew what I was *supposed* to do, but I couldn’t ignore him as Galactico stepped back and lined up a kick at his head. 

I stepped forward and as Galactico swung his foot forward I reached out and added just a little momentum in the right place to send his foot off course and flying over Adam’s head. I took advantage of the moment of imbalance and lifted him, feeling the entities buzz with outrage and then threw him upwards. He tried to twist and fly, but their understanding of how to use his powers was incomplete and I was able to smash him into the ceiling, hard. Then, using gravity for an assist, I hammered him back down, head first into the concrete floor. 

It wouldn’t stop him for long and I ran over to Adam, but he was already beginning to sit up, holding his head and with a trickle of blood running from his clearly broken nose. He felt his face, held his fingers out and looked at the blood in surprise but brushed it away.  “Dammit kid, I don’t need your help, we’re not going to beat the guy with our fists; you need to shut down his goddamn mind!” 

I reached down and grasped his hand and with difficulty pulled him back to his feet. “What, did you want to die while I try and do that?” 

He brushed himself off. “Nothing’s killed me yet, so stop fucking about and…” He paused, glanced behind me and then swept me to the side as Galactico smashed into him at speed, sending him tumbling across the concrete. 

Instantly Galactico was after him and mounted him. Batting away Adam’s outstretched arms, he began to pound into Adam’s chest and face with clubbing blows.  I backed away, trying not to watch and keeping Adam’s words in my mind, then diving into Galactico’s mind with renewed vigour. 

This time I pushed hard, cutting through the entities and searching down into his mind to where the structures should have been, but they were gone, obliterated. The frontal lobe was wiped almost clean, bonds broken and disorganised, with only red strands that seemed to have been looped back and forth across his brain, to be able to control Galactico like a puppet. 

I moved deeper until at last I burst through, into the primal part of the mind, the reptilian brain where his most basic functions still ticked over. Here he was no more super than any other person, he still relied on these ancient structures to control his body and at last I had what I needed to stop him. With only a second’s pause, I reached out and took hold of the whole area and with a firm squeeze I destroyed it all, reducing it to pulp. 

I pulled out of his mind quickly, rushing for the edge before Galactico died, so that I could try to hold the entities inside, so I could force them to face oblivion as their host slipped away. They pushed me out, little knowing that they were helping their own demise and I fell free from the mind. Immediately I wrapped myself around it, holding it tight and ready to give everything, to give my all so that it might end here. 

Moments passed and then stretched into long seconds that built and grew, until I knew something was wrong. Galactico pushed himself to a knee and then slowly stood, before reaching down and grasping Adam around the neck and lifting him up into the air and holding him at arms length. It wasn’t possible, he should be *dead*. 

I dived back into the brain, suddenly afraid and unsure of what I had done and powered my way back, deep into his mind to where the crushed reptilian brain was; it was destroyed, yet still he stood. He was a dead man, but he did not die and all I could do was to pull back out of the mind again and return to my own body. 

As I watched him and reflected on what I had seen and felt, I finally realised the truth. His mind had not being controlled, it had been supplanted and the body, the *shell* that they now occupied, was under their direct control. He was their perfect form, strong and able to handle their power and they had rid themselves of any need to rely on his remaining human parts, he belonged to them now. 

Adam dangled from Galactico’s outstretched arm, clawing at the hand that held his throat tightly, cutting off his air. He looked to me in desperation, but I could only look away. There *was* no solution, the entities had an invulnerable body and had removed the weakness of his mind. I looked from every angle, but there was nothing more I could do, I had failed. 

For a moment Galactico held Adam suspended in mid air and I considered how I could throw myself at him to break Adam free, but it was too late. With a single swift movement, his hand blurred through the air and seemed to explode as it hit Adam’s body. The old man’s eyes went wide and he seemed to stop struggling; I wondered briefly if he had broken free, but the blood began to drip down only a second later and the reality dawned on me. 

Galctico had punched through the old hero’s chest and now drew his hand back, holding Adam’s heart, which he dropped to the ground, before turning to face me.  

***** 

Tomorrow I will probably be drinking whisky and may post a fringly Friday, but I *think* the very final part of Super Gym will be up on Saturday. 

Happy Thursday!Each entity resisted, clinging onto the mind which it had burrowed into, but I was calm and took my time pulling them free, letting the tension build and slowly easing them from the minds of their victims. A few came away easily, the weak ones, but most were more difficult and it became clear that more force would be required. 

I felt them flare, burning me with their power, but as the pain grew I felt the calming touch of Adam in my mind. He reached up and I watched as he held himself in the path of the power, but instead of burning, it spilled around him and the red dissipated into nothing. 

His voice was soft. “*Look* at their power, see why it burns. If you understand then you can compensate.”  

I breathed deeply and instead of trying to block the power out, I pulled it to me and for the first time I held it and looked at it closely, ignoring the searing pain. The red surged against my grip, trying to flow away in a fibrous tangle, but each time I pulled it back and held it. I looked closely and now I could see that each strand of power seemed to fizz against the borders of reality and it was clear why, it was not of this dimension. 

It was from the entity’s home dimension, it was what bound them together while there and here in this dimension it had no purpose and it struggled to exist. It had enough power to try to burn itself between dimensions, looking for a way to return to where it belonged, but not enough to complete the transdimensional jump and so it was stuck, sparking off energy and power as it twisted in this plane of existence, falling just short of the power it needed to escape. 

With this I held more tightly and pulled again at the entities, no longer caring at the burn from the red and no longer allowing it to harm me, understanding and compensating as Adam had told me. Now, able to feel them more clearly, the last of the entities began to break free from the minds, until all that was left were a dozen or so that were too deeply entrenched for me to force them to separate. 

These last ones I had no choice in but to pull the entity and mind as one, knowing what that meant, but no longer truly caring. I yanked them free, taking no more care now that the decision had been made and the entities came loose, but along with them came the mind. As soon as it was separated from the body the mind fell away, leaving the body a shell, but it was a worthwhile cost. 

At last only one remained, holding more tightly than the others perhaps, but I braced myself and slowly it became to break away. I heaved, letting all of my strength come to bear and at last it loosened and as it came loose I saw that it was not one entity, but a dozen or more. I forced them free and gathered them to me, but saw that they carried away a segment of mind from their host. It was not a glowing golden fragment, but grey and slightly metallic. 

A cold yellow light was spilling out from the torn mind of Galactico, and despite my best efforts it could not be fixed. He lay, seemingly comatose but alive, and I moved quickly to him and crouched over him, turning him over to see what harm had been done to him beyond the tear in his mind. 

He turned over more easily than I had expected and I found him smiling. Perhaps I had not been careful enough and one entity still lurked, or perhaps it was just residual hostility, but his hand moved quickly, using the momentum as I turned him to grab at my throat.   

The fingers dug in, seeking my windpipe, or simply to rip my throat from my body, but something stopped them and after a moment they eased and I was flung backwards as Adam pulled me free and threw me back. I tumbled back, thinking of nothing more than trying to pull breath into my body and sucked it in, clutching at my neck where his fingers had pressed so tightly.

They took their chance, breaking free as I choked on the ground, helpless to stop them. A glittering mass of sparks flew for a single target and although I weakly grasped for them, it was too late. They surged into the open mind of Galactico and at once embedded themselves, dozens, hundreds, all together, their power amplified. 

I felt Adam’s hand, helping me up once again, but his face was grim. “Steve, those things…” 

I coughed a few times before I was able to speak. “Inter-dimensional beings, seeking to possess our world.” 

He nodded, a little thoughtfully. “They have him now, but I saw what you were about to do before. Can you get them out?” 

With each passing moment they seemed to delve deeper into his mind, but I nodded. He understood. “Do what you have to do, if his mind can’t be cleared …” 

 “One way or another they’re coming out, I just need time to work out how.” 

A small smile began to peek from the corners of his mouth. “It’s been a long time since I was in a knock down, all-out brawl.” He balled his fists and the smile grew. “Hope I remember how.” 

He looked younger already and I nodded to him. “Give me time and I *will* find a way.” 

He turned and then stopped and looked back at me again, smiling. “Thanks for getting me outa that dimension kid. Whatever happens here at least I got to come home again and have one last fight to save the world.” He shook his head, a little sadly. “Just like old times.” 

A shimmer of worry passed through me. “Jesus Adam, I don’t want this to be the last fight for either of us, just keep him distracted.” 

His smile grew thin. “See you around kid.” 

He straightened up and the slight stoop he had walked with seemed to melt away, stretching him up by a good few inches. Suddenly the old man who had stood before me was gone and he looked more like the hero I remembered from old newsreels. 

When he stepped forward it was with purpose and his steps were soft and carefully placed, like a boxer. He circled to the left and Galactico turned slightly to follow him, watching him with burning eyes. I pushed my mind forward and was able to slip into Galactico’s mind easily, the side torn away, allowing me to move directly inside, but within it was maelstrom of power and motion, as the entities filled every space. 

Adam was circling round and Galactico had turned, almost facing directly away from me. I briefly considered trying to attack him, but it was a foolish notion and I dismissed it quickly. Instead I reached into his mind and began to pull, tearing at anything I could grasp.   

The entities seemed to slip through my fingers, but as one moved near to the surface, I grabbed hold and pulled it free and held it for a moment. I wanted to crush it, to kill it somehow, but as soon as I began to squeeze it slipped free and I could only watch as it slid back and burrowed into another part of his mind. Desperately I began to hope that once Adam attacked perhaps the distraction would allow me to find some disorder, or weakness, but it was hope rather than any real reasoning. 

Adam finally stopped when he had circled three quarters of the way around Galactico. “Hello my old friend. When I last saw you, you were still a boy, but so full of promise, now you have those *things* in you mind and here we are.” Galactico said nothing, and Adam tried again. “We can still reason this…” 

A fist shot forward at incredible speed and it seemed as much luck as skill that Adam managed to get his hands up in time to block the blow, which sent him skidding back. I had seen Galactico’s strength before and now that it was multiplied by the red it was even more terrifying.  

Finally his mouth opened and Galactico spoke, but the words seemed to echo with other voices. “This-s-s host will suffice-ce-ce-ce, we will-l-l-l *prevail-l-l-l-*.” The voice was cold, certain and I felt myself chill, but Adam seemed unfazed and simply cocked his finger and gestured for more.  

Galactico attacked in a blur of strikes, but although Adam was old, he still moved like a fighter, bobbing back and holding his ground, taking blows where he could not avoid them, but getting a guard up when he did so, to lessen the impact. Inspired, I redoubled my effort to assault Galactico’s mind and pushed in more deeply, feeling the sting of the red power all around me, but ignoring it. 

It was clear that I could ignore their power, but I could not overcome it; I could not pull the entities from Galactico’s mind and that left only one option. I had been able to destroy them individually by killing the host and holding them within the mind, forcing them to die together. That was my only option now, I had to kill Galactico. 

*****

Next part probably on Thursday as I haveA few weeks back I wrote a pretty long response to  prompt - "Anakin didn't turn to the dark side or betray the Republic. Describe his and Padme's life, being married, raising Luke and Leia and so on" by /u/SirFluffyTheTerrible. 

I enjoyed writing it, but the ending was a little rushed and I wasn't happy leaving it like that. I wrote, rewrote and kept going and in the end it pretty much doubled in length and is now a little over 20k words, as well as having had a fair number of edits and improvements to the original story. The ending is now completely changed, expanded and different. 

It's a bit long to post here, so I have put it up on my Google Docs account and you can read it . 

I hope you enjoy and I'd love to know what you guys think. 

*****

Here are the first 3,000 words to get you started. 

*****

"Annie!" Padmé's voice reached out over the fields of Naboo, down to the river where her husband and children were playing. "Dinner in fifteen minutes and you'd better not be going over the river!" There was no reply and she sighed and returned to the kitchen.
 
Anakin sat cross legged, several feet from the water’s edge and held Leia's hands and her gaze. "Don't think about the size, or the weight, just concentrate on the force flowing all around us, let it flow through you and help do what you want to do."
 
Leia looked across at her brother, who was waiting impatiently on the dock. Her little face crumpled into a disapproving glare. "He's fidgeting."
 
Anakin gently placed his finger on her chin and guided her eyes back to meet his. "Ignore *him* and focus on *me*."
 
After a moment, the little girl fixed on her father’s eyes and Anakin felt her relax into the exercise. He'd done this many times with younglings in the temple, but there was something different about working with his own children, the connection was... deeper.
 
He felt her reaching out with the force, hesitant at first, but as he held her hands in his, so he guided her exploration with the force, until it reached her brother. He was, indeed, fidgeting, but he felt his sister’s concentration and stilled himself. Anakin felt Luke also relax and then, without trying, he responded to his sister and seemed to augment her, making her actions more sure and confident.
 
With great care Luke began to lift off the dock, first just a millimetre but then, as Leia's confidence grew, he began to get higher. “Careful now." Anakin tried not to impose himself into these sessions, but he too was connected, even without trying and his feelings made Leia slow and go more carefully. Luke steadied and gently moved out over the water. "Can you hold him?"
 
Leia kept her eyes fixed on her father, but nodded almost imperceptibly. "Uh huh."
 
"Then me next."
 
He felt her probing out, struggling as she tried to hold Luke and concentrate on lifting her Father as well, but Luke was again a presence around her and Anakin felt both of them working together to take hold of him and his knees lifted from the ground. They needed to learn to work alone, but their connection fascinated him and he had no idea how to stop it, or even if he should. It was unconscious, instinctive, made them both much stronger and Leia in particular benefited from the confidence of her brother. Separately he could feel that they would each be strong with the force, but their true potential came when they worked together.
 
Anakin rose and soon joined Luke in floating over the water of the slow steady stream. Leia had screwed her eyes closed, but he could feel her holding them safe and steady.
 
He carefully reached out and touched Luke's arm. "Now you." Luke was bolder and more confident in his ability; in seconds he had reached out to Leia and Anakin felt him grasp her. "Careful." His voice held a gentle warned and he felt Luke ease back and take his time to go more slowly.
 
The girl slowly lifted, making her gasp slightly and Luke guided her out above the water to where her father and brother still floated. Unbidden, Luke and Leia had come face to face and now they had their eyes locked; Anakin slowly let his own influence withdraw until it was only their power that held them up.
 
"Wonderful, now I want you to try to..."
 
"What did I say to you three?!" Padmé stood, hands on hips at the bank and the moment was lost. All three tumbled towards the water, but it was only Anakin that impacted, the children he held above the water and they spun in mid-air, happily giggling as their father burst from the shallow water, laughing.
 
He gently lowered the children to the bank and climbed out himself, stripping off his top and pulling Padmé to him. She squirmed away from his wet form, but he held her firm and kissed her. "You did that on purpose."
 
Padmé looked away coyly. "I *told* you dinner was ready."
 
*****
 
The sun slowly set and the three moons of Naboo each poked over the horizon; it was nearly mid-summer and the night would be warm and long. Anakin lazed back in the hammock with Padmé next to him, the children were long in bed and it was the perfect evening. Without looking he pulled another bottle of wine from the rack and uncorked it and moments later two glasses appeared, neatly filled.
 
"You use the force for such trivialities these days?" Padmé tenderly teased.
 
"I think it's the most important reason in the universe, making you smile."
 
She ignored his cheesy line but sat up and swung her legs out of the hammock, suddenly more serious. "So... you don't miss it then?"
 
Anakin reached up and tried to pull her back, but she would not lie down again and he sat up instead. "What's bothering you? You know I can't go back anyway, I left the Order, my life is here now, with you and the children." Padmé said nothing but she pulled away a little. "What is it? Tell me, what's bothering you?"
 
Padmé stood and walked across the room and picked up a data cube from the table. "It's... there was a message that came this morning."
 
Anakin pushed out of the hammock. "A message? From whom? Only three people know where we..." it slowly dawned on him.
 
Padmé turned and passed it to him. "Yes, it's Obi-Wan."
 
"Did you..."
 
She shook her head, not meeting his eyes. "No, it can only be for one reason." She turned and walked away. "Remember, you have a life here now Anakin." She let her dress slide to the floor, exposing her body and walked from the room. Anakin looked from the cube to the doorway where his naked wife had exited and after a moment's thought he tossed the cube to one side and followed her from the room.
 
*****
 
The three moons were high in the sky as Anakin returned Luke to his bed. Every night for the last two weeks he had woken and crawled to his parent's room and pushed in between them and every night Anakin had returned him to his bed once he had fallen back asleep. It was a phase, but he didn't mind, everything about his life on Naboo was easy and made him happy, especially his children.
 
Passing back to the bedroom, through the shadowy living space, he paused, drawn to something in the darkness. The cube, it waited for him. Padmé was asleep and the house was quiet; Anakin retrieved the cube from the table where he had tossed it and moved outside, where he could watch without disturbing anyone else.
 
It flared to life and showed a small figure of the man who had once been more to him than a father, a man who had saved him from the beast he had nearly become, his mentor, Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan stood by his ship and Anakin was pleased to see the small figure of R2D2 trundle past in the background. The little droid was recognisable even on the poor quality hologram, what other R2 unit could still possibly be in use?
 
Obi-Wan looked tired, weary, but that was how Anakin remembered him. They had been soldiers together, warriors in the great war for all those years. Now Anakin had left that life behind, but Obi-Wan, he still fought, still felt he needed to hold the Galaxy together, as if it was his personal responsibility.
 
At first there was no sound and only a poor quality image transmission, Obi-Wan was working on the transmitter and with a burst of static the sound finally came, although the picture did not improve. The stern voice of his friend was strained, but it warmed Anakin, even after all this time it was good to hear him again.
 
“Hello Anakin. I hope this reaches you, although I have no real way to know if it will. I don’t have much time and so I can only hope that you will understand me when I tell you that a shadow has fallen across the Jedi and much is at stake. If you receive this then there is little time and you are my last hope. Help me Anakin, you are…” the transmission stretched and distorted and was gone. Anakin fiddled with the cube, checking its memory, but it had nothing further to show, only what he had seen. A cold chill slowly began to creep up his spine at Obi-Wan's words, *a shadow has fallen...*
 
Her words were soft. “I know you have to go.”
 
Anakin stared down at the cube, he had known she was there. “He is…. He was…”
 
“He would not have sent the message if it was not the last hope for many more than just him, you have a responsibility.”
 
Anakin stood and took his wife in his arms, tears already falling silently down his face. “I don’t know what will happen Padmé. If I go back out there alone…”
 
Padmé held him tightly. “You’re not going alone Anakin. Not this time.”
 
*****
 
The formal rooms of the Senate hadn’t changed at all and Anakin still found them stuffy and pompous, the only thing that had changed in the room was him. He had always wandered these rooms feeling as if he was on a leash, like he was straining against an unknown force, sometimes it had felt like the Jedi Order, sometimes himself and sometimes… sometimes it was something darker that he still didn’t like to think too deeply about.
 
The moment was broken as Luke, in hot pursuit of his sister, careened across the room and ran headfirst into the Trandaxian Senator who fell backwards with a sharp squeak. Immediately a protocol droid was by their side, helping the Senator to their feet and Anakin moved quickly to scoop up his son.
 
“I’m so sorry, he’s just a little…” The Trandaxian waved a hand and with a haunting squeal it scurried away.
 
“The Honourable Representative from Trandax wishes you a very good day.” The droid waddled after its master and Anakin wondered how accurate the translation had been. It had not sounded so polite.
 
“Be careful Luke, this isn’t a playground!” He let the boy down and immediately he chased after his sister again, ignoring his father. He couldn’t blame them, all they had ever known was a world of open fields and space, this place with its billions of lifeforms was a new experience for them.
 
“Anakin!” he voice came from behind and he turned to find Mace Windu bearing down on the small family group. “It’s good to see you my boy.”
 
Anakin suppressed his slight irritation and forced a smile. “Master Windu.”
 
“And Senator, you look more lovely than the last time I saw you, what was it, four, five years ago?” Mace reached out, took Padmé’s hand and kissed it lightly.
 
Padmé nodded at the tall Jedi. “Something like that Master Windu, and it’s just Padmé these days, I hold no more titles.”
 
Mace nodded his acceptance. “Very well Padmé, it’s still good to see you though.”
 
Anakin turned away from the children. “Where is Master Yoda, I had hoped to meet him? When I sent the message, I specifically asked for a personal meeting.”
 
Mace took Anakin and Padmé by the arm and began to lead them to the side, into one of the many private discussion chambers that lined the halls, where most of the real work of the Senate was done. Padmé called and the children followed, still playing a game of their own devising. Mace shook his head uncomfortably. “I’m afraid Master Yoda is unavailable Anakin, age is finally catching up to him and he spends more and more time meditating. I now lead the council and I will assist you in any way that the Council is able.”
 
They entered a small room and sat on a long uncomfortable couch. So much of the furniture in this building had been designed for look and not feel, it was a politician’s design. Mace sat and gestured towards the drinks that sat on the long low tables but Anakin was anxious to begin and Padmé shook her head. The children ran and sat on the long windowsill which overlooked the planet, beneath them Coruscant hummed like a machine and the children were transfixed. “So why did you want to meet here and not at the temple? You know that you’d be welcome there Anakin.”
 
Anakin thought back to his last time at the temple, the anger and frustration he’d felt. “It holds too many memories Master Windu, thank you for agreeing to meet me here.”
 
Mace spread his hands. “Of course. So is this a social visit, or is there something the Jedi should be concerned about?”
 
Anakin hesitated, Obi-Wan’s words still haunted him, *‘A shadow has fallen across the Jedi’* but it had too many meanings to decipher, he needed Mace’s help and if he could not trust the Council leader then he was in more trouble than he could likely handle.
 
“I received a message from Obi-Wan…” At this Mace sat forward immediately, a look of concern on his face and Anakin paused. “…What?”
 
“What did the message say?”
 
Mace Windu was a man of little outward emotion and Anakin felt the beginnings of worry. “Why, did you react like that?”
 
Mace paused to consider and eventually spoke softly. “It has been… some time since we have seen Obi-Wan, Anakin. He did not leave the Jedi like you, but he resigned his place on the council and left on a mission of his own devising shortly after you had left. We have heard… rumours of a Jedi conducting investigations, associating with… people of which the order would not approve.”
 
Anakin stood, angry. “Are you saying that Obi-Wan has fallen? Impossible, I won’t accept that.”
 
Mace held his hand up. “All I am saying is that we have questions for him.”
 
Padmé had listened carefully and finally spoke. “Why are there so many Senator’s here today Master Windu, the Senate schedule does not have any debate listed?” Anakin looked at her sharply, confused by her change of subject, but he had learned not to question his wife’s instincts.
 
Mace hesitated again before he spoke. “We’ve been having… troubles with some planets. Separatist tendencies are still rife on some worlds and while we do all we can to counter them, it’s less than a year since the rising on Geonosis.”
 
“So you meet to discuss the ramifications?” Padmé pushed gently, using her skill from her time as a negotiator to judge her words carefully.
 
Mace tried to stay calm but was clearly still uncomfortable. “We’re meeting to discuss whether we will authorise the suppression of the armed rebellion on Trandax and the establishment of a Pro-Republic government.”
 
It was Padmé’s turn to jump to her feet. “You’re going to invade? It will reignite the war!”
 
Mace waved for her to sit down again and waited until she reluctantly complied. “We have no desire to return to a state of War Padmé, but there is violence and death on Geonosis, we can’t let it continue. More will die unless we intervene.”
 
Anakin had been listening carefully to the words that Mace had not spoken and reached a conclusion. “It’s you isn’t it, pushing for this to happen? You have the Senate and you’re pushing to have this happen.”
 
Mace remained calm and kept his voice level. “It’s the only choice to save lives Anakin. There are other worlds, some Separatist, others not, they’re raising armies, talking of splitting away. We need to be strong Anakin, we need to stop this now, or we will end up in another war that costs *trillions* of lives. That was our mistake before, we allowed things to get too far before we acted and I will not allow that to happen again.
 
Anakin could see it now, with Mace Windu leading the Council, the peaceful ways of Yoda were changing to the more direct application of force that Mace preferred. “This is a mistake, you should use diplomacy to try to…”
 
His laugh caught them all off guard and even the children flinched, turning around with wide eyes. “Oh Anakin, to hear you speak of diplomacy. You’ve spent far too long on your Naboo farm.” Anakin gritted his teeth; Mace was not one of the three who should have known their location. “You have been gone too long, much has changed; perhaps you should go home and not worry about things that no longer concern you.
 
Anakin smiled and forced himself to relax and let the tension leave his body. “Actually Master Windu… You’re right. I’ll send all of the information I have on Obi-Wan’s message over to the Temple later today, just let me know if I can be of any service before we go back to Naboo in a few days. Come on kids, let’s go.” He let Padmé go first as they began to exit the room.
 
Mace hadn’t moved. “They have great potential Anakin, especially the boy. If you sent them to us we could train them to be powerful Jedi. Perhaps stronger even than you.”
 
Anakin let Padmé and the children completely leave the room before he turned back. “Power? Since when does a Jedi care anything about power, rather than the connection to the force?”
 
Mace’s expression changed; it stiffened and became harder. “It’s a different world now Anakin. Since we learned the Sith had controlled so much, we need to be far more careful about a threat coming from within. I’m helping the order become stronger, better than we were before. You could return you know, you were always…”
 
Anakin held up his hand. “Thank you *Mace*, but I’m done. I hoped I could find more information on Obi-Wan here, but it seems that he doesn’t want to be found; perhaps you will have more luck bringing him home safely. Thank you for agreeing to meet with me and send my regards to Master Yoda.”
 
Anakin bowed and left the room, following his wife and children into the hallway.

***** 

You can read the rest on Google docs .Well, I was finally able to see a doctor today and as she put it my chest sounds like "it's full of gravel."

Basically I'm still utterly screwed, so Steve and the rest are still on hold - sorry. 

I've got some anti-biotics and they should work in the next couple of days, so we'll see how I am going then. 

On the bright side my gravelly Batman impression is coming along nicely, so I got that going for me. 

Thanks for your patience - I promise that one day soon I'll be back to writing and it'll be awesome.Original link by /u/hellminton

 

*****

Do you remember the first time you compromised your ethics and what you believed? I don’t mean the little stuff, I mean the big things, the things that count. I was twenty three when I did it and God I was stupid, but at the time I justified it to myself in a million ways. 

*It’ll mean keeping the doors open, I need the money to live, it’s not that important anyway.*

I guess we can make ourselves believe anything.  

*****

When Mindports were introduced I was still a child and I remember *begging* my dad to let me have one installed. No more school, no more homework, no more *learning* anything, just plug your head into the sharenet and take what you wanted. Sure it was expensive at first, but suddenly any skill in the world was open to you, so any job could be yours in an instant. 

I begged and he refused, although I made his life hell for a long time. I spent three more years in dwindling classes at school, learning things the old fashioned way, bored and determined that as soon as I was eighteen and old enough to make my own decisions, I would be jacked into the sharenet in a second. 

I was seventeen when Dad died, still a year away from being able to make my own choice on how to run my brain. He just fell down one day and never stood up and suddenly my life changed completely. Mum had always supported Dad in all his decisions, but when he was gone she just kind of… gave up. They’d been married for thirty one years and with him gone she was hollow; she still loved and cared for me, but he had been half of her life and now he was gone. She would be dead within three years, she just kind of gave up on life without him. 

Three weeks after my eighteenth birthday I went to the mall to get a port installed and I stood outside the store and watched as little kids were taken in, nervous and excited. Most of the parents had a cable flowing down their neck into some kind of portable device, probably streaming mindshows or mixing their reality up, so that they were walking on seas of sulphur, instead of the drab normality of reality. 

I watched them come and go, excited kids going in, little zombies coming out and finally I understood what Dad had been trying to tell me. I walked away, confused and trying to process my new feelings and wandered into the bad side of the mall, where the shops were cheap and most were boarded up. At the far end there was still one left with its lights on and out of lack of anything else to do I stopped by the window and looked in to the open plan area inside. 

It was a gym, or dojo as I would learn to call it, one of the last places left where you could learn karate from a real person. For most people a martial arts programme was one of the first they would upload, almost always quoting the old movie “I know kung fu!” but that was not an option for me and I wandered in, unsure what I would find.  

Sensei Kai was old when I met him and over the next four years he became almost immobile, but never once in all of our sparring did I beat him, or even land a blow. He had learned from greater men than I would ever hope to meet and he taught me everything he was able to. I would often train by myself or with just one or two others; they were normally people like my dad who valued real experience, but they grew less frequent as time went on. 

It was hard, but not impossible to earn a living as a no-port and I found myself working in bars and laundrettes until Sensei Kai took me in and let me work for him. We had little money but I trained all day and the few students we had were enough to let us eat. Life was finally making sense and then, three days after my twenty second birthday I woke one day and he did not and I was alone again. 

Business stopped with him there and I learned to eat very little, I simply trained and did what I could to keep the dojo open, doing odd jobs, but it was not enough. Almost a year after his death I was approached by a representative of a mindware company with an offer, to let them take my knowledge and my memories of having learned the skills and use it for a new improved karate programme which would be more “real” then ever before and to my shame I agreed. I compromised what I had come to believe in for the most prosaic of reasons, money. 

I got my port so that they could take the knowledge and then I let it heal, in shame. Only the smallest mark showed where it had been, but I knew that I had made the wrong choice, although it was too late to change it. The programme didn’t pay well enough that I was rich, but I could eat again and so I redoubled my efforts and tried to find new students, but who would come to me when they could *be* me? 

While I shunned programmes, many on the sharenet felt that real life was inferior to what they could download and so it came to be that a small group of users who downloaded and had my programme, came to believe that they had more ability, more knowledge than I did and they made a plan to prove it.  

After work, as I walked to my car, they attacked, six of them at once, all streaming every second live on the sharenet. They came from all sides, using my own moves and much more against me and the fight was indeed short, but it did not go well for them. I took them down, gently and safely, but all their flashy moves were nothing when they had no ability and experience to back them up. Four thousand people watched live and I was told later that within days it had spread across the world and millions saw me. 

I went home, ate, slept and meditated and ignored the world. I thought nothing of the six men who had attacked me with amateurish kicks and punches and then folded crying as I defended myself and attacked back in turn. I had trained for that kind of attack and it was so harmless that I did not even bother to report it, it was gone from my mind almost at once. 

But while I slept that same fight was being shared and soon millions of people were watching online. I came back to my dojo the next day and opened the door at 9am and at 9:05am the door opened and a student entered, my first in nearly eight months. He came asking to be taught how to use the skills he had in his head for something real and I was happy to oblige. All I asked was that he disconnect, he had to be present in the real world. 

He was my first, but there would soon be many more. My dad had been right all along.Well, I suppose that technically the whisky is working, but we're cuddled up together so it counts. 

Tonight's whisky is a nice Jura Superstition, at least until I have killed enough taste buds to move onto something more smokey, like Ardbeg.

I have nothing to do tomorrow (Saturday) so I should have a part up then instead. 

Feel free to talk among yourselves.This is a continuation of a story I wrote yesterday. Below is part 11, I'll post the first 10 parts as a separate post at some point but I'm trying to get new bits written at the moment so I'll worry about tidying it all up later. If you missed it then the link to the original post is below. 

This is a slightly longer part than most of the others, more than twice most of them. From here out it'll probably come out in bigger chunks every day or so. 

I'd like to come up with a name for the story - if anyone has a good idea then please post it and if we can find something good, then I'll post the next parts under that after this. 

Original prompt by /u/TheGinofGan



***** 

Part 11. 

I was slept poorly the next night. Since we had seen Mikael’s signal there had been nothing more. I began to wonder if it had been merely someone trying out a new style of binding or desperation to see what I had wanted to see. In all likelihood he was dead, captured or had simply gone in a different direction. 

With no way to communicate w had no reason to believe he would follow the coast as we had and in fact it was a pretty stupid idea. Three times in those days we were seen, each time we saw a single person, watching us from the tree line or from far off but they soon disappeared. After the third time, the second that day, we decided to move back inland for a bit. It would be harder to track us in the woods, the coastline was too exposed, too easy to follow us along. 

The dread that the slavers might be on our trail sobered us and conversation was light and sparse. Only Harry seemed interested in talking and he tramped beside me and quietly asked me about my life growing up. He was fascinated by the farming methods and I was happy to share with him the little I knew. 

I’d spent years following around Mikael and the other Farmers before I had been officially named as one of them, even if it only really lasted one night.  I’d always imagined that I would be a farmer for life, working the fields and maybe even working my way onto the council when I was older. I told Harry of my hopes and even Jessica would occasionally join in, adding to my knowledge with little bits of her own. She had been a farmer longer than me and despite working in the herb garden she knew more than I did about crops and planting. Harry absorbed it all. 

Jessica had been growing in strength and speaking more, as we moved further from the slavers camp it seemed to lighten her mood and she talked more. The gash across her face had scabbed and was slowly healing, it would be years before it was fully healed but at least it did not seem to be infected. 

We had come across some herbs the night before and Jessica and Mai had seemed to know which ones to use to that night make a poultice. We’d risked a small fire just after sunset and boiled the herbs and moss in sea water and then afterwards Mai had packed her empty socket with it and fashioned a covering. It seemed to restore her a little and I tried hard not to look at where the missing eye should be, but Harry avoided making eye contact with her at all. 

We moved lightly through the wooded area, keeping the sea within a couple of miles of our side. Mai had hoped we might come across a boat but so far we had not and I was reluctant to leave the shore in case Mikael had left us another sign. I held out hope but it was impossible in reality, I tried to keep in my mind that he was gone but as I scanned for people watching us I looked for another sign, something out of place, anything. 

We’d been walking all day, progress slowed by the woods but we’d seen no one else watching us. I had always been fit and healthy but now my legs were solid after months of constant walking all day. Mai and I probably could have pushed on but Jessica and Harry were beginning to flag. A thick wooded area with tall trees offered the possibility of a night off the ground and we assessed them carefully. Several tall oaks had intertwined their branches higher up and Harry climbed up to find them sturdy and solid. I had seen some willows a mile or so back and quickly went back and stripped the bark off some fallen logs. With care I climbed the tree and Harry and I lashed together the branches with the flexible bark and created a platform to sleep on. 

It was perfect, from below invisible but actually comfortable and safe. For once we could sleep without a look out and so we would all be well rested the next day. Mai had left as soon as we stopped and she returned an hour or so after the bed was fixed, she’d brought fruit and a number of squirrels which she was proficient at catching with bait lures. Stripped of their meat the squirrels didn’t feed much but it helped a little. Raw meat no longer worried me, hunger was a powerful appetiser. 

Night had fallen fast and while it was probably not late we were all tired. As soon as we had eaten we climbed and settled ourselves down in the tree bed. A large branch split the ‘bed’ in two so Harry and Mai took one side and Jessica and I the other. I cuddled her closely to share warmth as we all did most nights and soon I was dreaming, imagining myself back on the farm. I was using the big tractor to plough a field but when I looked back the plough broke with a crack and I felt a great sense of loss. The second crack woke me and I realised it was gunfire. 

Mai and Harry were already awake; Mai had climbed higher in the seconds since waking and was looking out, straining to see where the noise had come from.  Jessica woke slowly and I held my finger to my lips – she nodded at once, we all knew to keep quiet when told. 

The gunfire began again, two, three cracks and then a pause and one more. It could have been hunters or anyone but I felt it in my gut, someone somewhere had been caught or killed. Mai turned “Stay here, I am going to look.” 

It was Jessica who replied in a voice so fierce it surprised me. “No, we all stay together. That’s not for us so they’re not looking for us. Either we all go or we all stay.” 

For a moment Mai looked like she would protest and then she nodded and pulled Jessica upright and they started climbing down the tree. I wondered if I should ask if I could stay – the dread of the slavers in the night was strong and I had no real desire to go trying to hunt those with guns. Mai had a stun gun she had taken from a guard but otherwise we had no ranged weaponry and even if we had we would likely be vastly outnumbered and outgunned. 

Harry slipped after Mai and I considered for a moment waiting, seeing if they would go without me, but shame drew me down and I followed. At the bottom of the tree Mai signalled the direction and we slowly filed out, slipping through the woods in the almost complete darkness. The moon was hidden by cloud and it was hard to see – even with eyes adjusted. We moved towards where the last noise had been but after twenty minutes we stopped. If we were too close then we put ourselves at risk. 

Suddenly there was another crack, this time far, far closer. We froze and slowly dropped to the ground. Before us a small rise dropped down to a valley and it had been from within that the noise had come. Inching closer, Mai in the lead we edged towards the rise and as we approached it became clear that the dip was far larger than might be expected. The smell of smoke rose, with roasting meats mixed in, causing my mouth to water and stomach to ache, now we could also see the flickering of the light as it escaped. 

Mai was the first one there and as she saw in she stiffened and we froze. Jessica and Harry stayed where they were and I slowly crawled closer, coming level with Mai. In front a river had carved a deep indentation and ran through and off to the sea, it stretched out and became a small delta and there people had obviously stayed and lit a fire. The fire had been a mistake. Three figures were bound and faced away from us, kneeling on the ground and a fourth lay dead, they had been shot in the head and their brains and blood still oozed onto the ground. 

Five men with black heads surrounded the remaining three, their flickering shadows blending in with their pitch black heads and making them seem demonic in the light. A voice came from the shadows, it was right below us, impossible to see from this angle but I knew the voice right away, the slight muffle, the low certain tone, it was the man in the mask. 

My blood froze and I could see Jess flinch as he spoke. “Why are you running from me?” It was an even question, asked as if the most reasonable thing in the world.

The answer came back with confidence but it wasn’t the words but the voice that shook me. “Because you and your merry men are murdering fucks!” It was Mikael. Mai beside me heard it too, we both now strained to hear every last word. 

“Oh dear, you shouldn’t say that.” A black head slammed his boot into the back of Mikael’s head. Mikael slammed into the ground and lay still, whether unconscious or staying still was impossible to say. “What about you two? I don’t think I know you yet but I offer you my hospitality?” 

It was a woman on the right and the terror made her voice shake, she still faced away and spoke quietly and it was impossible to hear what she said in return but evidently it did not please the man in the mask. He emerged now and walked towards her, drew his gun and placing it against the back of her head he fired. She fell to the ground and the last remaining figure screamed out. 

***“Mother, no!”*** He tried to stand but the black headed men pushed him down. I dropped my head to the ground, the stones felt cold against my forehead, I wanted to see no more. The shot came presently and I tried to keep my breathing soft and gentle, the adrenaline in my blood screaming at me to stand, to run, to get away. I looked over at Mai, if she felt it then she showed nothing. Her eyes were narrow and she watched everything below. 

The voice floated up again. “Such a shame but a boy never forgives the death of his mother. Take that one and go.” I lifted my head and saw the men drag out Mikael, moving down towards the sea away from us. The man in the mask took a moment longer, he lingered at the fire and for a moment he seemed to be almost sniffing the air and then at last he followed behind the others. 

We lay still and silent for nearly thirty minutes and them Mai slowly worked her way off to one side, returning ten minutes later. “It was a boat. They are gone.” She kept her voice low. 

Mai took the lead and we slid down into the cutting, kicking out the fire in case it attracted more attention. A quick search of the bodies turned up two guns and forty rounds of ammunition. Mai took one and after a moment’s hesitation handed me the other. 

“You know I can’t shoot.” I took the gun but held it out still. 

“Jessica is learning to deal with one eye and Harry’s still so young.” I accepted and put the gun in a pocket, safety carefully on. The food on the fire was burned and none of us were hungry any more. two backpacks sat by the bodies and we took them both – a quick look showed clothes, matches, water and food. Although the people wouldn’t need it any more it felt wrong to take their supplies but I was used to feeling wrong about things now. 

It was too risky to stay there. It was unlikely they would return but possible. We decided to return to where we had slept, it was concealed and we needed to work out what we had seen. 

“We need to go back for him.” Mai spoke first once we were back. 

“That’s suicide!” Harry spoke on instinct, confused and outraged at the suggestion. “I’m not going anywhere but away from that place.” 

“I agree Mai, Mikael is as close as we get to family but he turned and left when we were caught and we should do that too. Going back will only end with us dead or captured and I imagine they have worse jobs that fruit picking.” I tried to keep the anger from my voice but the suggestion that we should go back for Mikael was ridiculous. If they had gone by boat he might be back already and for s it would take days of walking back into the heart of their territory. 

“We can’t leave him in their hands, they’ll kill him!” 

“If they wanted him dead he’d be dead already.” I was surprised by Jessica’s calm tone. “The others are right, we’d end up dead or caught and I’d rather be dead if those are the options.” 

Mai looked from face to face but saw no agreement, no support for her plan. She let out a deep breath and it seemed to deflate her. “Okay. We’ll leave at dawn and head out as fast as we can. You’re right.” The conversation seemed to be over but I felt unsatisfied, as if arguing with her might have made it easier to firm up my own position. 

We sorted through the bags, there were three pairs of study women’s trousers which Mai and Jessica were grateful for and while the boys clothes were too small for me they fit Harry and I was able to use a jumper under my current own one as a tight fitting extra layer. Warmer we lay down, it was still many hours until dawn and despite the night so far exhaustion was pulling me towards sleep. I closed my eyes and in moments I was gone. 

I woke to the light coming through the trees, dawn had not woken me but the morning sunshine had. Jessica slept on and I could see Harry across from me. I stretched and it hit me. Mai was gone. I shook Harry and Jessica awake and we checked; one of the bags was gone with food, water and the clothing had been left by the other bag. We held off talking for as long as possible and waited for an hour in case but at last it was clear. Mai had gone.Sorry folks, my cold has me feeling pretty rough. 

I tried writing but it came out garbage so I am going to go and curl up with a book or something and recover. 

I imagine I'll be back Monday and until then just think of it as a really long cliffhanger - you know how I love those!Yup, it's Friday and it's whisky night. 

I'll be back tomorrow with another part of the story, but tonight it's season 3 of Red Dwarf and a glass of Dalwhinnie. 

Hope everyone has had a good week, I've been happy to just get back to writing and not feel like crap. 

What good things have happened to you this week?Part 13
 
As they had travelled across the country Mai had learned a lot of woodcraft – simply walking through the wood and picking up sticks she had learned which wood was strong, which was flexible and which could be brought to an excellent point. Ash, oak and apple all had their uses but her favourite was hickory which was hard, strong and could be sharpened to a point, which would further harden in the embers of a hot fire. 
 
It was a hickory pole which now pierced the skull of the guard, parting his black paint and impaling him down into his throat. The drop from the tree drove it deep and she was forced to let go as she landed and rolled. Immediately she was on her feet and had turned, ready for the other guard but he was transfixed on his partner who still stood, eyes rolling wildly until at last his legs crumpled. 
 
It had been the taller of the two who she had killed and now the squat, broad man faced her, but he  looked from her to his dead companion in horror, comprehension still lacking behind his eyes. He held a machete loosely at his side, not yet thinking to raise it. Mai had pulled the gun from her pocket and now she leapt forward and swiped it with all her strength, smashing it across the man’s face. 
 
He cried out and fell, holding his head. Mai couldn’t risk him rising, he would be strong and now, angry. Right now he was scared, the image of the wooden stake coming from the skull was driving any other thought from him but Mai couldn’t risk him running.  She grabbed the stake and pulled at it but it was stuck fast, buried deep in the man’s head. She pulled again and it moved a little, blood and brain matter bubbling up around the mark, but not coming loose. 
 
The man’s legs finally worked and pushed out wildly, causing him to skid as he tried to stand and then fell again. Mai moved swiftly before he could recover further – she had dropped the gun somewhere, but now she had the stun gun in hand and she was kicking him to the ground and hitting him in the back of the neck, holding the trigger until he was down and not moving.  
 
With the second man down, Mai finally breathed, she wasn’t sure if she had stopped during the attack or if it was fear and adrenaline which now made her suck in air. She looked over and the impaled man looked obscene, the blood pooling round his head and one leg still occasionally twitching. She retched, knees buckling and falling to the ground and then the little meat and berries in her stomach spilled over the forest floor. 
 
After she finished throwing up she stayed panting for a moment, willing herself to stand but the cold sweat still drenching her, chilling her to the bone. Finally on shaking legs she stood. It wasn’t the blood or gore or even the feeling of driving a stake into a man’s skull, but it was all that and more. The closeness of death, the fear, the adrenaline, the relief as they had fallen and that she was alive. The look in the man’s eyes as the struck him; to him she was death dropping from the sky. 
 
She decided to leave the stick in the man’s head – it was a loss but she didn’t feel able to pull it out, feel it drawing from his skull. The other man was still unconscious and she began to consider how to kill him, certainly he had to die but the gun was out of the question, if they were here then others may be near.  
 
The easiest way would be to open his jugular vein, he’d bleed out in moments, quietly and painlessly. It would be easy and she hovered over him with his machete, it was sharp and it would take the lightest touch, but she paused. This was an opportunity, a chance to get some information. She knew almost nothing on what or who was waiting for her and if she hoped to stand a chance then she would need to know how to get in and out unseen. 
 
She had no rope, no bindings, nothing to make them with. Glancing down she found herself looking at his black boots, they were too big for her but… the laces! Quickly she stripped the laces from both men’s boots and used them to firmly bind the man’s arms and legs. Long term they might not hold if he struggled but it would give her enough advantage to hit him with the stun gun or if that didn’t work, to shoot him. 
 
How much time had passed since they arrived? It was hard to tell but the sun was now well advanced in the sky – how long until they were missed. She tried to think clearly; they were out in the woods, maybe two days walk from their base but it *was* entirely possible that they had been transported here – she had seen a boat, maybe there they had land transport too. 
 
The first man she found had been carrying a rifle, he had dropped it in the long grass when she fell on him and she found it now. Both men were wearing trousers with pockets and in them she found bits of food, a penknife and ammunition. There was nearly fifty rounds for the rifle and the same for a handgun he must surely have carried, but, despite looking everywhere Mai could not find it. No matter, the rifle would be more useful for her purposes and she was more experienced using it. She stashed the food and all the ammunition into her bag and kept the penknife on her. 
 
The men’s trousers were dirty and muddy, their chests were bare like every other guard. Mai wondered idly if they would still be bare when winter came. She considered the men carefully, they looked unkempt and she decided that they had probably walked here, rather than been transported and if that was the case then they probably did not have anyone looking for them yet and no one was likely to come this way soon. 
 
Mai dragged the corpse into the bushes and found a small tree, just a foot or so around the trunk. She bound her prisoners arms behind it, leaving the legs free now – if the arms held he would never get away from the tree. As she finished checking the bindings she realised that the man’s breathing had changed and she stood and returned to his front. He stared at her with cold hatred. 
 
“If you answer my questions and tell me what I want to know then I will set you free.” She tried to sound believable, her voice was level and calm. 
 
“Fuck you.” He spat his reply. 
 
She saw his eyes go past her to the blood soaked grass. “Do you want to die like he did? It didn’t look nice.” 
 
“You’ll be the one dying, I’ll stick knives through your eyeballs into your…” 
 
“Shut the fuck up.” She interrupted and in two steps she had walked forward and kicked him hard in the head. It slammed back into the tree and he screamed loudly. She saw his eyes glaze before he returned to stare at her with hatred. “Scream all you like, no one is near enough to hear. No one who can save you anyway.” She held her breath to see if she was right. 
 
“Untie me now and I’ll kill you quickly bitch.” He at last spat out. She took the stun gun and hit him in the balls, letting it fire for longer this time. He screamed and when she stopped he vomited and it was nearly five minutes before he could speak. At last she was able to get the answer she needed.


***** 

Sorry slightly shorter one today as I got caught up writing another prompt - I'll try and add a bit later on to it as I'd like to move things on a bit more today.Thank you for all your name options, I decided in the end to go with *Desolation* as I felt the definition - a state of complete emptiness or destruction - summed up my world so far quite well and had the pun meaning to the individual's state of mind too. What do you think? 

I'm trying something a bit new today, as you'll see below, I hope you like it but as always please let me know any and all thoughts you have. 

*****




Part 12

"She's not coming back." We'd waited all day at the tree to see if she would return.  Now Jessica spoke what we were all feeling.

Panic began to catch at Harry's voice. "What are we going to do? We can't go on by ourselves." 

I tried to sound calmer than I felt. "We have a choice, she made hers and we have to make ours." I split the apples we'd found into halves and laid them with the rest of the food. We’d taken turns to gather extra supplies while one of us waited for her and had a good stash, enough to see us over for a few days. "We can go after her, try to help and try to find Mikael, or we can carry on and find our way South. It won't freeze here but it'll get cold, we'll need to get a good distance further.”  

The silence was heavy - the forest seemed to cry out around us, birds and creatures all making themselves heard. Jessica broke the silence "We should move on, I don't want to go back." She made eye contact with Harry and then me, we both looked away. "It's agreed, we stay here tonight and then move in the morning.”

Shame burned at my chest and cheeks but I nodded. I was not a warrior and while Mai might have some crazy plan, she didn’t want my help, even with a gun I was more likely to die than anything. I didn't want to die. All I had left now was Jessica and Harry, already I had mentally written Mai out of my life. Just a day or so ago I had been dreaming that we’d come across Mikael and he’d see us and laugh but he was gone. Against all odds wed found him only to lose him again. 

We all slept lightly that night, perhaps worrying about one of the others slipping away like Mai, but in the morning we were all still there. We packed our few things silently along with the extra food we had been able to scavenge the day before, storing most in the backpack which I carried. I had returned to the scene of the killing and checked more carefully in the daylight and found a good hunting knife and sheath. This now hang from my belt and I had passed the gun to Jessica, one eye or not she would be more likely to hit something. 

Without Mai and her sense of direction, we were forced to move closer to the coast, we knew it must soon turn to the west and then finally south, when that happened we could leave it and head off in the hope of finding some new home. Harry was quiet but Jessica seemed strangely at peace and I was too lost in thought to add much to the conversation. The guilt weighted on me but there was nothing I could do, it was the right choice, the one Mikael himself had made. 

Morning turned to afternoon and each sandy bay we passed seemed to be turning to the west but the sun stayed to one side, it was an illusion and we were still moving north. At about midday a huge flock of birds began to pass overhead, hundreds of thousands, millions maybe. The birds flocked in such huge numbers that when I was young, if a flock had come near the farmland at NKC, everyone would be on bird scaring duty. I wondered if the farms still existed or if those thugs had just burned what they could not steal. It continued to pass for three hours and the day was dark and gloomy under their wings. 

We pressed on, stopping only once when Harry hunted crabs in a rock pool as we rested but we dared not light a fire and so decided to release them again. Harry's disappointment was palpable but I had no desire to kill anything we did not need to. 

As the evening began to set in we finally stopped, moving inland as we had before, looking for somewhere concealed, but the best option to present itself was a patch of bushes with long thorns - when Harry tried to crawl in it scratched him painfully and tore his sleeve and so we retreated and took the second best option, sleeping in the open under a right group of trees. It concealed us from anyone unless they were right on top of us. It was a strange evening, we spoke little and as soon as it became dark we settled down to sleep. 

I woke with a boot on my throat. 

*****

Mai slipped through the woods silently - they'd travelled by a circuitous route, deliberately on her part. Now freed, she set her bearing by the sun and headed back directly towards the camp. 

Three days travel was likely to be two by herself - less if she found any transport. She pushed down her feelings of guilt at having left the others behind - it was clear that none of them was willing or even able to take on this job, not that she was sure she was either. 

Since NKC she'd found a part of herself she had never imagined existed. A part that could hunt, that could kill if needed and not just animals. Three times since NKC she'd has to protect the group, twice when she'd met hostile people while hunting and once with Mikael they had attacked and killed a group for their bicycles. 

It was better to go alone, against the camp the odds were minuscule at best, her only hope was to slip in unnoticed and somehow find Mikael and get him out. By evening Mai knew she was significantly closer. She'd hardly slept the night before and moved fast all day, but decided to rest for a few hours and move on once it was fully dark. 

A great swarm of birds passed overhead, moving south and east and turning the twilight into gloom, filling the air with chattering calls. Mai climbed into a tree and propped herself between branches, hoping to wedge herself in tightly to sleep, but the great swarm of birds began to swirl and gradually began to land in the trees. 

The birds seemed to have no fear - their huge numbers made them confident and as the branches grew full, some tried to perch on Mai herself. She waved them away but they merely fluttered and landed close by, still as the light dropped, Mai realised that the disturbance she made stood out - it drew attention and sleep was impossible. 

She dropped to the ground softly - the tree was streaked with shit from the birds. Her hands and clothing was covered and she stank. They seemed to cover every surface and bush and a thought occurred to her; she easily caught and broke the necks of a few dozen individuals and stuffed them into her bag. Many birds, unable to find space in the trees were in low shrubs, or even on the ground and these were easy to catch without disturbing the others. A small revenge for forcing her from her tree and covering her in their shit, and it made her feel slightly better. They would not offer much meat but she took all she could carry - a few she stripped of feathers and ate the meat raw. 

She pushed on, unrested but with little choice. The sky was clouded and after a time she realised it would be almost impossible to find her way without moon or stars and so found a new tree and climbed it to rest. The dawn woke her - she had rested longer than she wanted and cursed. She'd been pushing herself so hard and for so long that her body had required sleep but she hated to lose the time. 

Finding water in a nearby stream she drank and filled her bottles and ate a few birds with some berries she found - raw meat no longer bothered her, she'd learned to enjoy it through hunger. 

She readied herself to leave but before she could she heard them - two, perhaps more, walking through the wood directly towards her. She swore at the timing, all around were signs that someone had been here recently - footprints in the mud, slowly filling with water, broken branches and clear fresh scuff marks where she had climbed the tree. 

Mai pulled free the gun from her backpack and put it in her pocket - it was a last resource but at least available if needed. The clearing in the forest held the tree she had slept in at one end and the small stream trickled through the middle. She had chosen the best tree for concealment last night in the dark, no other would have hidden her and the same was true in the daylight. 

She had to trust her luck, despite it not having helped her much in the past and she ran to the tree, carefully swinging up into the leaves and staying as hidden as possible. She pulled branches across to hide her as much as possible but in the daylight it was hard to believe she was hidden. 

The noise grew louder and into the clearing emerged two men with jet black painted heads. They seemed unwary and Mai hoped it was a patrol rather than a hunt - if they were looking to find her they would. 

"I don't see how we have to sleep outside when even the fucking slaves get a roof." The first speaker was tall, over six foot but also skinny. The second was shorter but heavily built. 

He *told* you. Once you've served your term you get to come in but not before." 

"Unless they decide to play favourites." 

The second speaker sighed and bent down to get a drink. Mai hoped the bickering would distract from the footprints she could clearly see by the stream. "This still? The guy’s a beast, he ripped number 43’s throat clean out – your first time in the pit you were pounded into a bloody mush and were lucky to live” 

“Yeah well,” he sulked “Still, I mean, maybe smarts should count too is all I’m saying.” 

“And you’d still be in the tents outside the walls!” The second speaker laughed. “You gonna say something to him? Fancy your chances against him 1 on 1?” The first speaker said nothing. “Yeah I thought not.”

The two moved over, away from the stream. Mai willed them to keep walking, to not stop by the tree she was in. Just a few more metres and they’d be past. They ambled along side by side and disappeared from view beneath her and she let out a long low breath. Then she heard them. 

“What’re all these marks on this tree?” 

Mai released the branches covering her and dropped.Stupid work - I have a presentation to give tomorrow and here I am 10pm the night before still like only 50%-ish done. Bah! 

I can't even blame the whisky this time. 

Sorry folks, back to normal tomorrow.The boot pressed down on my throat gently – it was beginning to feel that every morning began with some unpleasant surprise. Right now the boot was not painful, but the man standing over me was tall and strong looking, his arms covered in full sleeves of tattoos showing animals and birds with a dark sky behind. He had a rifle slung over his shoulder and a long knife at his hip. 

His voice was soft but insistent “Cry out, struggle or make any commotion or attempt to get away and I’ll be forced to kill you, the girl and the boy.” I tried to find a way to signal my agreement but he seemed less interested in me and more interested in checking around him. I managed to turn my head slightly and I could see Jessica being held, her arms behind her. Somewhere nearby I could hear, but not see Harry, he was crying softly. 

“Please don’t…” The man looked down at me again and held his finger to his lips and I stopped talking. This didn’t seem right, if he wanted me dead then why not kill me in my sleep, if he didn’t want us dead then why attack us like this? Sleep was curling away from me quickly but it didn’t make sense. 

Suddenly the boot was gone and he was crouching beside me. “We will not harm you if you are quiet. In a moment we’ll let you all up and when we do I want you to follow quickly and quietly. If you understand then nod your head.” I nodded gently. “Can the others move quickly?” I nodded again. “Okay, then stand, explain it to the others and follow me.” 

I stood, a little stiffly and moved to Jessica, the man holding her let her go and she flopped down to the ground. I crouched beside her and she turned over, anger burned in her eye and she spat out a gag of cloth. “That fucker jumped me on my blind side when I went to get water.” 

The man looked Latino, with long dark platted hair and a leather waistcoat over his bare torso. He looked down and blew a kiss at Jessica “Hola Chica.” Jessica jerked upwards in anger and I held her arm. He chuckled at her anger “Te crees muy muy.” 

I felt Jessica tensing to jump up and squeezed her arm. “Keep calm Jess. I’m not sure what they want, but they’re worried about something else. They said we need to move when they move.” Jess looked over at the man with hatred in her eyes, but stayed seated. He moved away chuckling quietly.  

Jess turned and spoke with her chin down, quietly so I could only just hear “I don’t like this, if they’re not here to capture us then why take your knife?” I looked down and realised it was gone, unclipped from my belt. “We need to get away or we’ll be slaves again.” 

Harry had been released and he ran over and skidded down beside us. His face with still streaked with tears and his eyebrow was bleeding where he had been struck. Jessica moved to pull the bag over to her and one of the men stepped on the straps, stopping her. “He’s bleeding, I need to clean it.” Jessica hissed. The man looked to the tattooed man who nodded and Jess yanked the bag free. 

She pulled out a bottle of water and then ripped a strip from a somewhat clean t-shirt, making sure to sort through the bag as she did. She pulled Harry over to sit in front of her and as she did her hand darted into the bag and then slipped behind him. I caught the grey/black gleam of the handgun and she looked at me carefully. 

She dabbed at Harry’s wound but after a moment the man in tattoos came over. “We move. Now.” She zipped the bag up and slipped it on her back and then took one of Harry’s arms, I took the other and let my arm slip around him to lift him, picking up the gun. As we pulled him upright I slipped the gun into my jacket, pushing it into a hole that had torn in the lining. The jacket was thick and hopefully would cover any bulge. 

I finally focussed on the surroundings. Since waking just a few minutes before, all I had thought of was Jessica and Harry, I’d ignored practically everything else and it was only now I looked about properly. Six men were nearby, including the tattooed man and the one who had held Jessica. They all seemed to have rifles and I could see some had knives and machetes. 

The tattooed man gestured and we began to move, heading east towards the coast. He walked near to us with the others spread out through the trees, they walked almost silently, even more quietly than we could, they seemed to make no mark at all. “Where are we…” The man cut me off by holding up his hand, questions would have to be held until later. 

Soon we came to the coast, it was a rocky portion with cliffs and inlets. We moved down onto the beach and continued along, onto the rocky area and at last we reached a large cave with a stream flowing from it, it came almost directly out of the cliff and so the entrance was almost flat against the wall of rock.  The man pointed inside and hesitantly we entered. The stream, at the entrance, was several metres across and looked deep, I guessed it must be an underground river, which maybe even hollowed out the cave originally. To one side a small path allowed us to walk in; long ago someone had put posts along the path and the remains of a rusted chain could be seen but this was gone now. 

As our eyes adjusted we could see the platform levelled out and widened. The river still took up a large portion of the space but here there were supplied and two more men waiting. “You found some friends?” One of them called and then both men laughed. It wasn’t particularly comforting. In the river a long boat could be seen with an engine at one end and a mast which just scraped the – it was tied up to a post that was hammered into the rock. 

Four of the men came with us inside, but two, including the man with the plait, stayed outside. Once inside the men seemed to relax a little and some began chatting quietly. The river blocked all but loud noises and we waited to one side, keeping close together and Harry behind us. The tattooed man talked for a moment with one of the men who had been waiting here and then came over and gestured for us to sit, reluctantly we did. 

“I apologise for the way we met, it’s not ideal to have to grab you like that but we had no choice. This whole area is dangerous and anyone caught by the black heads is taken as a slave.” 

“We know, we were slaves and we escaped.” Jessica spat, she was still angry. “Escaped from one lot of slavers only to be caught by another.” 

“Slavers? No, we don’t mean to make you slaves.” The man smiled. “Let’s start again, this has all gone wrong. He held out his hand, I’m Janus, he pointed around the room. That’s Mark, Deso, Alan, James and Cass. Outside are Andrès, who you met and Edgar” 

I paused and looked to the others; neither of them seemed inclined to speak. “I’m Alex, this is Jessica and Harry.” 

“As I said, I am sorry we had to meet like this, out there you have to be careful, there are men all over Florida looking for slaves, food or just to kill people. They are sent out from the park to terrorise and control.” 

“That is where we were.” I conceded. “Before we escaped.” 

He frowned. “Please, I do not mean to be rude but I have never heard of anyone escaping before and it seems… unlikely that the three of you would be the first.” 

“Why should we tell you anything?” Jessica’s voice still held a quiver of anger. “Why have you brought us here?” 

“Okay.” Janus seemed unfazed, “That seems fair, but we do not have much time so I will make this quick. We come from a community some weeks away by foot, but just a few hours by boat - if you’re lucky with the tide and wind. For years the slavers have occasionally come to our area but recently things have been worse. They come now in greater numbers, it seems some new leader is expanding and they need slaves and men to drive the slaves.” 

“We have been coming here to try to find out more about who this new leader is, if we can find some way to live together, or really any information we can on what is happening. When people are caught they never return and the few men we have captured have refused to speak or killed themselves before we could get any information. You claim to have been slaves and if that is true then you are the first to escape but, as I say, it seems strange that you are the first to ever get free.  

“Why don’t you just move your home further away?” Harry had found his confidence. 

Janus smiled. “That is a complex question for a young man. First answer is that it is our home, the second answer is that nowhere is safe, we are already a significant way away and the final answer is because there is nowhere else we know of that offers what our home can.” He offered no further explanation and Harry looked satisfied or at least not willing to ask anything else. 

Janus continued. “We’ve been scouting for three days but we haven’t been able to get near without being spotted. We were heading back here when we can across you. Honestly I assumed you were lost, wandering and I was going to offer you a lift out of here – we think we’re being tracked and if they find you then, well, apparently you know more than I do about that. I’m sorry we were so rough, especially on you little one.” He reached out and touched the cut on Harry’s head; Harry tried not to flinch. “We weren’t sure who you were and we can’t take chances. Look, there’s much more I could tell you but we don’t have long here. I’m keen to know at least why you were here.” 

I looked to Jessica and she shrugged. Their story seemed no stranger than ours did but I was reluctant to reveal too much yet. “We travelled here as we were looking for somewhere to start afresh. One of the people we were travelling with he had heard stories…  We saw the compound and tried to leave, but they found us and we were caught a few days ago and taken there. We were set to work but one of our group who’s not here helped us escape. We wouldn’t have escaped without her, she’s our fighter… was. I’m sorry it’s confusing, so much has happened.”

He frowned. “So she’s still out there? We didn’t see her?” 

“No, she went back. When we were caught one of our group got away, I’m not sure how. We saw him get captured later and Mai…” I paused, irritated that I had used her name. “She left in the night to try to free him.” 

“Wait, she went back?” He seemed incredulous. 

“Yes, but we couldn’t, we talked and decided to get away…” I began to get lost in my own story. It was so hard to work out what to tell and to remember everything that had happened in the last few days.  It must have shown on my face as he interrupted. 

“It’s okay, I want to hear your whole story, but not now. Maybe you saw or heard something that can help us. Your friend through...” He trailed off. 

“She’s gone.” It was a simple fact. I did not expect to see Mai again. 

He rubbed his hands and thought for a moment. “Okay we have to move. If we were followed we don’t have long. If you don’t want to come with us that’s okay, I think we might be able to help each other though. I promise you will be safe” 

“Where are you going?” Jessica sounded nervous. 

“Our home is called San Benito, it is across the Gulf of Mexico, if you come with us you are also free to go when we arrive if that is your choice.”

I looked at Jessica and Harry, neither looked happy, but neither objected. “We’ll come.”

He turned to the other men “Cass, James, get the boat ready, we leave as soon as we can.” One of the men started packing things into the boat, the other jumped on board and started working on the engine. “Let Andrès know.” Another man headed to the entrance of the cave. 

In a few minutes the things were packed, Janus was checking on the boat, it was long but would be crowded with 11 of us. One of the men helped us on first and we sat down in the small cabin area. We could not see forward but the seats were set down, half covered and protected. The men scrambled on and eventually the engine rumbled to life and the boat moved off. We moved slowly out of the cave and as we passed the cave entrance Andrès stepped on and moved down beside us. He winked and Jessica scowled at him. The rest of the men sat on deck or worked on complicated looking pulleys for the many ropes. 

The boat picked up speed as soon as we were clear of the cave and soon we were bursting through the surf. Within minutes I felt my stomach turn, Andrès must have seen this as he laughed and helped me to the side of the boat. At first the air seemed to help, but a wave hit us and the boat heaved to the side and my stomach flipped and I threw up – the men cheered and one clapped me on the back. 

I tried to stop the world from dipping and bending and looked back to the shore. All around was water, more than I had ever seen. Growing up in Kansas, a small pond was a lot of water to see and while I had seen the sea man times now, it had never surrounded me in this way. A deep uneasiness began to filter in and I felt the depth of the water below me. 

I looked back to the shore and longed for dry land; this was not my life, the waves and the salt. I could see now the beaches as they curved away around the coast and I looked along them, seeing them stretch out, before looking back to where we had set off from. 

There in the cave entrance stood a single man, hard to see as we moved away and the boat bobbed and weaved. His head was painted black and he watched as we moved away from the shore. 

***** 

So at last he has a name! After two days of torturing myself to find the perfect name I decided that I'd be better just picking a name I liked and that seemed to fit - Alex worked for me. 

I hope you enjoyed part 14 - I hope to get new parts up tomorrow and Sunday too and I also aim to finally go back and edit up the first ten parts, correct all the mistakes and repost them here so I have them available too. 

Have a good Friday!“What’s your name?” The black head looked at her with burning hatred. She raised the stun gun and waved it towards him. 

“I’m 263.” He spat out. 

“You’re a number?” Mai considered this. “What was your name before?” 

He hesitated for a moment. “My number has always been 263.” 

He voice was hoarse from screaming and suddenly Mai felt a wave of shame. Beneath the black paint, he couldn’t have been more than eighteen. She thought of Alex, he was about the same age; he was like a little brother to her. This kid, whatever he did, he didn’t deserve to be tortured. 

She pulled out a bottle of water from her bag and lifted it to her lips. He moved his head away nervously. “It’s just water, look.” She took a swig herself and then lifted it and this time he drank. She sat down, just out of range of his feet if he decided to kick. “I’m sorry, shocking you like that… there… it… I shouldn’t have.” She finished weakly. “My friend has been taken and I just want him back. I understand that they may be your people, I know nothing about you but if you help me, or give me any information that I could use then I’ll let you go.” 

He glared at her warily, “Why should I trust you.” 

She thought for a moment and couldn’t come up with a single reason. “I have no idea but I’ll stick to my word. Whatever happens I won’t kill you.” She thought. “Unless you try to kill me, or I have to. Sorry, that’s less definite but let’s just say that my intention isn’t to kill you.” He looked unconvinced. “Is 263 your name then? Were you born there?” 

He looked confused and eventually when he spoke he held his head down, not making eye contact. “I’ve always been there. My mother and I we…came there when I was young.” 

“Where is your mother now?” 

“Dead. A Woman duty is to provide soldiers and workers, a man’s duty is to work and fight for the kingdom.” He spoke in rote, the words tumbling out without thought. Mai  wondered if he’s meant to say anything or if they were just so deeply conditioned into him he couldn’t help it when he thought of his mother. 

“So it’s a kingdom? Who’s the king?” 

He raised his head and looked directly at her. “There’s no king! He’s gone but he’s coming back.” He smiled and his white teeth and black head created a creepy spectre. “When he comes back we’ll have rides and everyone will have a go!” Mai tried to keep her skin from crawling – the way he spoke those lines was wrong, someone else voice was coming out of his mouth. 

Staring at his black head was beginning to unnerve her, the adrenaline was long gone and she felt shaky and uncertain. She needed answers but she felt more likely to run away at this point. Standing she rummaged through the backpack and pulled out some scraps of cloth. She wet one in the stream and wiped it over his face, cleaning away the black from his head as best she could. He didn’t move or object but kept his eyes on her the whole time. She cleaned off his face and the boy underneath looked even younger. 

She felt sick. She’d killed before but it had always been justified, or at least she had been able to justify it to herself. This kid though, she’s planned to beat answers out of him and kill him, what was she becoming. 

When his face was clean she sat again, seeing his face at least made her feel she was speaking to another human. “Okay 263, my name is… she hesitated… Helen.” A twinge of guilt but if she let him go he might return back to his kingdom and she wanted them to know as little as possible about her. “I understand your loyalty but I am loyal to my friends too so if you can help me I promise I’ll try not to hurt anyone.” 

He smiled, without the paint it wasn’t an unpleasant smile – it reminded her of her brother Matt. She shook her head of the image, this was no time to be going crazy, despite her conversation so far she didn’t doubt that he’d kill her if he got the chance. 

“If you try to take back your friend then you wont hurt anyone, you’ll be dead. No one escapes.” 

“I did, my friends and me escaped from your slave fields.” 

He frowned. “You’re lying and why would you want to escape anyway?” 

“We were to be used as slaves 263, do you understand that the slaves who work in your fields are people? They suffer; the guards were going to rape my friend!” 

“No, they are not slaves, they are merely being educated. I worked in the fields once, but I learned and in his mercy I passed the pit and proved myself worthy and raised myself up. No one is a slave, we all have a choice, but when people first arrive they need to learn of his mercy.” 

Mai rocked back – this was all information but none of it was useful for what she needed. Whatever their society was it was like nothing she had ever heard of, she didn’t even know if any of what this boy said was true or if he was just so deluded that he believed it. 

“So if you are chosen then you have to work until you can prove yourself?” 

“Yes!” He sounded genuinely happy. “You should come back with me and you can join us. You are strong and brave, you would be very welcome!” 

“I don’t think I would after escaping and killing your friend.” 

263 seemed to discard the notion. “He has passed on but death is not the end of the ride. Your actions in the past do not matter, only your actions going forward.” 

“Okay, if we went back what would happen to me. What is happening to me friend right now.” 

He seemed enthused and happy to talk now, he pushed himself upright a little. “Your friend, if he has been taken, will be assessed and put to work quickly. Most people are happy to begin work, very few wish to leave.” Mai thought of the drugged food, no wonder most of the people they caught were happy, they were half unconscious. “He will be given the chance to prove himself and he will be taught of our *Great Work* and when he is ready he will be tested!” 

So Mikael was probably taken to the same cells that they had been held in. She tried to picture the layout but it was too jumbled in her mind, she needed more information.  She thought more carefully, the cells had held maybe fifty people who had been chained together, but in the fields they had seen other groups. There must be other blocks where they were held, without knowing which how could she find him. Something 263 had said made her pause for a moment. “What do you mean the *Great Work*”

He looked shocked, as if she had stunned him again. “You can’t know about that. I’m not allowed… He trailed off and looked panicked, looking up at the sky. “Only the educated can know…” 

His panic was clear and Mai found herself feeling bad for him. His panic at revealing more than he had meant to was clear. “It’s alright, you’ve not said anything wrong.” She stood and moved over to her bag, she was hungry and he must be too. Maybe some food would settle him. As she crouched to open the bag she heard a snap and she quickly twirled around. He had broken the cords that bound his hands and was already running. 

Mai left the bag and rifle and leapt after him, she had the gun and machete and but the bag was heavy and was slow her. He was already a good distance away and crashed through bushed as if they weren’t there, she was fast but he was desperate. She tried not to think about how she had left his legs unbound to put more of the laces around his hands – at least he didn’t have boots anymore but it didn’t seem to be slowing him. 

He crashed through the woods but the thick undergrowth slowed him a little – her path was slightly eased as he had ripped a route and she began to slightly catch up to him. He was still twenty metres ahead, when suddenly he disappeared from view, a slight scream alerting Mai to slow. A stream ran through the trees and it had carved out a channel several feet deep. The channel was full of branches and it was into these that his foot had gone, momentum carrying him on and creating a compound fracture at his thigh. 

He looked up at Mai in shock, not yet screaming just looking down to where the bone stuck through his thigh, blood pouring out. Mai turned away, there was nothing she could do, he would be dead in minutes to blood loss. She slipped down into the channel and took his head and laid it on her lap, his hands hovered over his leg, he seemed to be trying to process and find a way to stop the blood from flowing but it was running out fast. She leaned and whispered gently for him to close his eyes and not look but he stared wildly out, not seeming to acknowledge or care if she was there. 

In a minute he was dead. Mai sat with his head on her lap until the water began to seep into her boot and then gently stood, laying his head down carefully.  She walked back to the clearing where she had left her things, tears pricking in her eyes.EDIT - IN case anyone checks here I went to see Jungle Book with Mrs fringly - (excellent) so prob no update today. Sorry! 

***********


Another week passed, but Friday is here and my glass is full of whisky, so all is well with the world. 

Hope your week has also been good and the weekend holds something nice. 

I imagine I'll have a part up tomorrow like usual, so until then, me and my Bruichladdich wish you well!In the morning Mai was stiff; the months of walking had left her hard and strong but the day befor had been bruising. Sleep had helped, but a concrete floor and backpack for a pillow had left their marks on her too. 

The guilt that had plagued her the night before seemed to have gone, she could still feel it at the edge of her mind, but she had released some of her worry and her guilt. It had been replaced with a clear clarity of purpose. She had nothing left, no friends, no companions, just the items in her bag and a rough direction to travel.  She had a mission and until that was complete, she would focus, once it was she would worry about the rest. 

The weather had cleared and she set out at a decent pace, keeping a close watch for any signs of people. She used the machete only when necessary to clear a path, otherwise passing through and leaving barely a mark. 

The day passed peacefully enough and it was not until late afternoon that she heard the first signs of someone else.  It was a patrol of black heads, maybe twenty strong, striding purposefully along the path she had been using. They didn’t seem concerned with the noise they were making and it gave her the chance to conceal herself and observe them. At the front of the group was the largest man, his bare chest showing an impressive physique and the others followed closely behind. They were moving in the same direction as she was – they must be heading back to their kingdom. 

She waited until they had passes by and followed cautiously. By her judgement she must be near now and so she moved slower and more quietly, keeping a close lookout for anyone watching. At last she came to the edge of the trees and could see out a distance. Far away she could see some of the tell-tale signs of her destination, a spire rising up and to one side, a spidery lattice of metal. More immediate though was the town laid out in front of her. 

She had expected to come up against the bare walls like the ones they had scaled in their escape, but this was a seeming whole community. She thought back now to what the black heads had been discussing the day before - they talked of living outside the walls and she saw now what they meant. Dozens, perhaps hundreds of small houses littered the landscape messily and a road stretched towards the kingdom. IN the streets, to her surprise, there seemed to be many people simply carrying out their lives.  

She had been lucky to approach from this angle as it allowed her to observe unseen, keeping to the tree line. From here the town looked fairly peaceful, in the centre there seemed to be a market place and while there were visible black heads throughout the town, there were no signs of the slavery gangs. At the far side of the town the road stretch out towards the kingdom. Along it were dotted many black heads and she assumed that must be the main road to the compound. 

From where she was, the town was an open walk across scrubland, she would be easily spotted in the day, but at night she might be able to slip across unseen. Mai retreated into the woods and scouted around until she found an easily relocated tree, distinctive and away from any paths. Beneath it, she dug a shallow hole and stashed her rifle, machete and the bag with the majority of her supplies. If she was to get into town her bag and guns would have to be hidden from view.  

She held the pistol for a while, trying to judge whether it was a safe precaution or a risk. She had no idea what she might find in the town, peaceful as it looked in the afternoon sunlight. At last she decided to take it, in an emergency it might be all that prevented her from being captured and it was possible to hide without too much trouble. 

Once her gear was safely stashed she cautiously made her way back to the tree line and waited until night began to fall. 

***********  
An unspoken decision seemed to have been made to allow me to travel on the side of the boat to allow the worst of the sea sickness to pass. I threw up less as time passed but it was while before I felt any better. At last I recovered slightly but the and the feeling of nausea was dropping to a deep unease in my stomach. A few hundred metres from the shore the engine was cut and the men worked to pull up the main sail, once it was up the ride smoothed out. We were cutting through the water now and not forcing ourselves over each wave and with less rolling my stomach stopped its corresponding rolls. 

In the lower portion I could see Jessica and Harry, Andrès has pulled in to sit closer and Jessica stared out of the water seemingly to ignore him. I pulled myself fro the edge and slowly shuffled myself across the deck, wishing I could glue myself to the planks and feeling as if the boat would flip any moment. 

“How are your sea legs?” Janus was standing behind me, confidently rocking from side to side in time with the boat. Watching him made my nausea rise a little and I looked away. 

“I’m from Kansas, I don’t think I was meant for ocean travel.” My voice was hoarse from throwing up and he passed me a bottle of water. 

“You’ll be used to it soon and by the time we get off you’ll be fine, when you go back on dry land you’ll miss the swell!” He laughed but I didn’t really see the amusement. 

“How long will the crossing last?” I began to realise that there were a number of questions that I should have asked before we set off but had neglected to and this seemed the most pressing. 

“About a day, maybe a little more if this wind drops but don’t worry, this is the Gulf of Mexico, the sea isn’t too bad here. Unless a hurricane comes!” He laughed again but it still wasn’t very funny. We’d had tornadoes in Kansas and the terror of the wind on land would be nothing compared to it on the water, trapped and helpless. I tried not to think about it. 

I edged closer to the lower portion and at last dropped down into one of the seats and a moment later Janus dropped into the seat opposite. Andrès had stopped whatever he had been saying, but still grinned at Jessica. I wondered if I should say something but she didn’t seem to need any help and in the past had been more than capable of dealing with anything that came her way. 

“Once we get to San Benito we can have one of our doctors look at your face Jessica, it must be painful.” Janus’ concern contrasted with Andrès’ smirks. For a moment Jessica looked like she would object, but instead she nodded in agreement. “I promised I would tell you more once we were out of there, if you wish we have a long crossing and tales help pass the time?” 

I nodded and he continued. “Let me start by telling you a little about our home. Before the Disease War it was a small community…” He paused seeing my frown. 

“Disease War?” I queried. 

“Perhaps you call it something else, to us it was the Disease War, in Spanish it is known as *La Guerra De La Muerte Roja*” Andrès crossed himself and murnmered something as Janus spoke the name in Spanish. “In English we call it the disease war as so many were lost to the missile which carried the plague. Others I have heard it call the Fall or The Separation.” 

“We called it The Great Separation but our teachers didn’t speak much about the war side of things. We learned more about what happened after.” I was curious to hear what Janus had to say about the war.  

He crossed himself before continuing. “We will speak more of it later, it is not so good to speak of these things on the water.  After the war Mexico was hit harder than the United States - it was a poor country before and the war and disease hit hard. Many people had fled south as the plague had spread and this brought disease to every part of the country. But not everyone ran from the disease.“ 

He gazed down into the bottom of the boat as he continued. ”San Benedito was only small then, honestly it is still small compared to the communities that still exist in Los Angeles or New New York" 

”These cities still exist?” I had heard the names but in NKC it was assumed the cities had fallen decades before as so many had. 

”The do, in one form or another, but they are probably not places you would wish to visit. We have members of our community who travel widely and visit some of these places and we have made contact with many communities large and small.”

A sudden ache for home came across me, my sickness was forgotten, replaced with a longing for the past. "Did anyone ever go to Kansas?" 

Janus looked at me but did not ask the obvious question "Perhaps, we can look at the maps when we arrive. At San Benedito there is an Abbey, a community of monks who have lived there for hundreds of years. When others fled, or feared the red plague, they remained, stating true to their pledge to help the sick. As word grew more people came and the monks fed and dated for all who came. Soon the town was large and the Abbot called together all the people and they decided that they would form a new community around the Abbey. While others died in their thousands elsewhere in San Benedito they say that from that day no one died of the plague again, they said the town was blessed.”

Janus smiled. “But that is probably an exaggeration. Still I believe the monks helped many hundreds of people. Soon others came to the town, looking to take advantage of the monks, but many if the men who lived there now had been soldiers, abandoned by their armies but now willing to protect the community which had taken then in. These men protected the town and began the tradition that maintains to this day. Some, like Andrès and myself pledge to protect the town and others. We still take in anyone who wishes to stay and if we can we offer help to others.” 
I looked around the boat at the various men and wondered whether San Benedito would offer us sanctuary or if this was one more wrong decision. At this point we had little to lose. 

*****

Sorry for missing a day yesterday, I went out to celebrate a friend's good fortune and got a little...merry. Today I am somewhat hung over and so we're a bit late in going up. 

Today has also been a build-up day, setting the scene for expanding a bit on the history of the world. I've been working on back story and I am finally fairly happy with what I have decided. I know it is a bit of a tease today but I promise it is coming soon. 

As always, thanks for reading!Back at the clearing, Mai collected the bag and rifle. The day was passing, but she was exhausted and trying to make sense of everything that had happened. The broken laces were still wrapped around the tree, bloodied where they had cut into his wrists as he had worked at them until they snapped. 

She gathered all of the supplies and sat for a moment. It was now well past midday and she realised that she would make little progress today. The sky was clouded over now and even if she moved now then once night set in, if she couldn’t see the stars then she could get lost and she couldn't risk that.  

At last she shouldered the bag and made a decision, while it was risky she needed decent food and some rest. From what 263 had said Mikael would be held and processed and they were so far ahead that she would be better approaching safely, than rushing in exhausted.  

Finding a good and hidden spot, she built a small fire.  Above it she criss-crossed branches heavy with leaves, so the smoke disbursed without a tell tale column.  There was plenty of dry wood around and so it was easy to build a small, almost smokeless fire and then she let it die down to be flameless. While she waited, she plucked the small birds she had caught and skewered them with small branches. When the fire was hot enough she cooked them and in an hour she had eaten her first hot meal in… she couldn't remember how long. 

She covered the fire with earth and moved on, seeing shelter. The hot food and exhaustion had left her woozy and she know she would be at risk of making a mistake if she carried on for long. Her comfort was that with all of the noise that she had made today, no one had come looking. 

After nearly thirty minutes walking, she came across an abandoned farm house. The roof had caved in and as she circled it carefully she saw signs that in the past others had camped there. She gave it a wide berth, but half a mile away she found a small shed. It had been partly knocked down and so one side was open, but the roof covered it and there was a pile of wood which blocked the view into the shed. Behind the wood was a good gap where it would be hard to be seen. Darkness was falling now and the day weighed heavily on her. She crawled in and propped the bag up to use as a pillow. 

She lay back and expected sleep immediately, but it didn’t come. Instead she thought of Mikael and for the first time, she wondered what she was doing. Alex had been right, Mikael hadn’t hesitated, he’d left them and continued on, even finding some other people to travel with. By all rights she should have left him in return, certainly it’s what he would have wanted her to do and guilt was seeping in that she had left Alex, Jessica and the boy they had rescued all alone. Alex was a farmer boy, strong but no use in a fight and Jessica had just lost an eye. The boy was likely to slow them down more than help them. 

Waves of guilt swept in, guilt was always close at hand for her and it had been even back in  NKC. Back then it had been her father, widowed and reliant on Mai to feed them and provide for them. The community would never allow them to starve, but he was bitter at being denied a place on the council and demanded Mai become a hunter as he had been. Hunters and Farmers got respect in town and he was determined that Mai follow in his footsteps. 

Back before his injury he had been different, but the day the boar tore his leg open was the last day he smiled and called her his May-flower and the beginning of his bitterness.  Mai was a talented artist, she had created great murals as a child which had adorned some of the largest barns in NKC, but when she became a hunter they had to stop. She needed to be responsible, to live up to her duties. 

A few years ago she had been awake on a night like this and had taken her old supplies and in the yard she had painted a picture. Her father, woken by the pain, as he often was, had found her in the yard. He had yelled at her that she was irresponsible, that being tired on the hunt could end up with someone hurt as he was, that she would be responsible. He'd instilled in her a constant feeling of inferiority and sense that she was always in the wrong somehow. 

She thought back to the day of the attack. When they had climbed the walls the others had seen their loved ones dead and stacked like animal carcasses, but she had not. She had seen her father talking with one of the men who had killed them, *laughing* with him. That guilt had found root and grew on her. She pushed it down and tried to forget, as she had every night since NKC. Her father had… she couldn’t think it. Had he led them there? Had he been responsible? She would never know and she forced the thought from her head. 

It was useless, she concentrated on not thinking about it and she thought of Mikael. It wasn’t guilt there, it was responsibility she felt. The group had been her family, but it had been Mikael who had kept her with them. He had always been kind and looked out for her in NKC, but on the journey he had seemed to sense when she was at her lowest and would come and sit next to her, never saying anything but always seeming to know.

Had he too seen her father that night? He never mentioned, but then he rarely spoke about things other than what was needed for the task ahead. Still, even that wouldn’t have been enough, but she knew it was more – he had come back for her. 

It was when they had stopped for a short time - Mikael had shared with Mai his hopes that there would be a community in Florida where they might find help and shelter, but he had struggled to find the right way to get there. South and east could only get them so far and now they needed directions. He had asked Mai to roam ahead with him and the two of them had left the others to travel more quickly, in the hope they would find a clear direction. Quickly they had found a large road and they had walked down it, making good time, realising that this would help them make great progress. 

As the road forked they’d agreed to split up, travel down each path and report back after a few hours. At first Mai had enjoyed the simple walk and the ease of not having to push through bushes and past trees had allowed her mind to wander. She didn’t even see who it was who came up behind her, the world went black. When she awoke she was tied up and it was night, her head ached and she realised that she was in real trouble.  

When they came near she faked being unconscious still but she heard them talk, they spoke of the things they were going to do to her, the treatment that would await her but she was lucky, they still had a plaything to enjoy. 

Mikael had come for her that night, slipping from the darkness, having somehow found her. His face was grim and as soon as she was free he tried to drag her away, but she refused. He forced her to come away, to plan, to be sensible and she had at last agreed. They’d watched from a distance when in the morning her captors had discovered she was gone, but Mikael had not agreed to attack the group until they had left and they had found the body that was left behind. 

Even then Mikael was reluctant but when they had left Mai and Mikael had watched them go and they each pushed a bike. Mikael had seen no need to risk their lives for the sake of justice or revenge, but the bikes were a valuable prize and made it worthwhile. 

She was never sure why they didn’t ride, one had a puncture but they had found repair kits among their things later. Perhaps they didn’t know how to fix the wheel, perhaps they were travelling to meet someone who knew how. Either way, it allowed them to track the group and that night they had attacked, slit their throats and taken the bikes. 

Mai remembered that clearly, Mikael had come back for her. When she asked him he simply shrugged, told her that as long as he could, he would never leave her. The memory of that, at last, began to calm away the guilt and she felt sleep slip over her. He had not left her and she would not leave him.Original prompt by - /u/Kammerice

*****

The crash echoed through the house, followed by just a moment's silence where each of the males who heard it began to think of a solid alibi for where they were. Malcolm, Reese and Dewey exchanged looks, each trying to work out if this was the end result of some plan the others had put in place, while cataloguing the things that they themselves could have done to cause it. 

"*Oh for the love of...*" 

The sound of their mother’s voice catapulted all three to their feet. Reese was the first to point an accusatory finger at Dewey. He poked forward, pushing into his brother’s chest. "What did you do?" 

Dewey shook his head quickly. "Me? I've been in here all day. Malcolm was in the living room earlier."

Both heads swivelled to the middle brother who stepped back. "*I* didn't do *anything* it must have been..." 

"*WHAT ON EARTH..."*

A gentle thumping came up the hall and Hal passed by the door, shoes in hand as he tried to escape unnoticed. His head swivelled as he passed the boy’s room, eyes wide and frantic. There was only time for one word before he power-walked past, hips swivelling in a rhythmic motion. "Hide!" 

It was all they needed and the three boys dived for the window, pushing and shoving until they were free and into the garden and then running at full speed away from the house. It didn't matter where, they only needed to be gone. 

Eventually they slowed, Reese pausing to break yet another antennae off a car. Dewey heaved to catch his breath, while Malcolm set his hands on his hips, his face screwed into a scowl. "Okay, so which of you did it? Mom is going to kill us, so we might as well work it out now and then the others can at least escape the... hey, what are you two looking at?" 

His two brothers were staring behind him and he swivelled to see. It was the old Henderson place, abandoned, broken down and creepy as always, but today someone had tied a red balloon to the doorknob. Malcolm turned to his brothers. "What? The balloon? So what, we have hundreds of those? It's just a stupid balloon?" 

Reese smiled. "Yeah, *my* balloon." 

"No fair!" Squeaked Dewey, "I saw it first!"

For half a second the three were paused, before all broke for the door and grabbed for the balloon as they got there. The rotten wood was no match for the three boys and it burst open, spilling them inside and busting the balloon on a splinter. 

Dewey clutched the popped rubber and began to snivel. "No fair, you didn't even *want* the balloon." 

In as comforting way as he could, Reese leaned down and punched his little brother hard. "Stop crying, look at this awesome house we've stumbled into!" 

Malcolm had also been looking around. "Yeah, it looks creepy, but in here it's just another old house. Hey! I bet we could have a party here and no one would even care! Then i could get all the cool kids to come and they might not think I was such a krelboyne. Reese, what about if we…” 

Dewey tugged Malcolm’s sleeve. “He’s gone.” Reese had indeed run further into the house, leaving the two alone. “I don’t like this, can we go somewhere else?” 

Malcom shook Dewey loose. “Don’t be stupid Dewey, it’s a cool old house.” He walked forward into the next room. “We could set up music here and have a make out room over there…” In a moment he was gone and Dewey was all alone. 

*** 

Dewey stood by the door, half undecided if he would follow his brother, until the faint sound of music reached him. It was a jolly tune, full of promises of joy and fun. Suddenly, a door, unseen before now, pushed open and another red balloon floated out. Dewey watched in surprise and stepped forward. 

“Hello there.” Now closer, Dewey could see a pair of eyes staring out at him. “Would you like a balloon little boy?” 

Dewey could now see that the balloon as held by a clown. “Yes please.” 

The Clown smiled. “Would you like to come down here into the basement? If you do I have lots more balloons down here and they all float and dance. They *all* float down here.” 

Dewey reached forward and before the clown could react, he had grabbed the string. “No thanks, I just want the balloon.” 

He turned, but the voice returned. Soft and mocking. I’ve got candy down here and comic books too. Dewey thought back to what his brothers had always told him. If someone offers you candy and comic books, go with them and bring some back. Shrugging he turned back and stepped through the door. 

*** 

Reese had run deep into the house, looking for what he knew would be here somewhere, a load bearing wall. It had been weeks since he’d caused any major havoc and if he could knock down a whole house that would be awesome. 

The problem was, that no matter how far he went, none of the walls seemed to be the right one.  Each corner led to another thin plaster wall, but no load bearing ones to smash. Here he was, ready to destroy and he couldn’t. 

Overwhelmed with anger and sorry he sank to his knees. “Why god, WHY ME?!” 

A soft voice called to him from a door to one side. “Hello there little boy, would you like to come down here. There is lots to break and damage down here in the…” 

“Hey, who are you?” Reece looked closely. “Are you a clown? I love clowns.” He grabbed a piece of rebar from a pile of debris. “When the circus came to town I got to beat one up and their nose kept honking, it was so funny.” 

With that, he darted through the door and down, into the basement below. Slowly the door closed behind him. 

*** 

Malcom carefully mapped out the rooms, planning where each part of the party would be. For sure if he could get this right, he would be popular. It was only after a few minutes that he began to realise that his brothers were missing and more worryingly, silent. 

“Dewey? Reese?” There was no reply and Malcolm felt a cold trickle of dread passing down his spine. “Anyone?” 

There was a bang from the other room as the door smashed open and the cutting voice of his mother sliced through the air. “You boys are in *such* trouble when I find you.” 

He didn’t know what it was about, but Malcolm knew from the tone that it was bad. Worse than when Frances had cut off Hal’s hair, worse than when he himself had swapped his mother’s face cream for butter. 

Desperate, he cast about for an escape and luckily saw one. The door in the far corner was open and he darted in, quickly slipping down the steps and pulling it shut behind him, all he needed to do was to hide for long enough for his mother to leave or find one of the others and he could slip away. 

***

The stairs went down and down and then suddenly, just as he began to wonder why they were so deep, he fell, landing on something soft. 

“Get off me you idiot.” It was his brother and he had landed on Reese’s head. 

Malcolm stumbled up and saw both of his brothers were there, but the route back up was gone, broken stairs far above them and impossible to reach. “What do we do now?” 

“I’m getting candyfloss!” Cried Dewey and moved to go forward, but Malcolm grabbed him. 

“Mom is right behind me, she followed us here and…” 

“IT’S MOM!”  The other two screamed and ran into each other. 

“We’ve got to get out of here, right now!” Reese demanded. 

From the corner, out of the darkness came a soft voice. “Oh, but you can, you can come with me!” 

“Mr Clowney!” Dewey cried. The other two looked on as the old fashioned clown moved from the gloom. “I call him Mr Clowney and he’s my friend.” 

Malcom and Reese were looking a little more closely at the figure, who had smiled and shown off row after row of razor teeth. “Uh, I think we’ve got to go Dewey, like *right now*.” 

Reese grabbed his arm and span and the three shot into the darkness, pushing past boxes and crates that had been stored there for years. Behind them the clown advanced, its smile now split into a horrific grimace as it advanced slowly, keeping the boys in sight. 

They pushed forward, trying to run, but this basement was so full it was impossible and they crashed into things, trying to keep an eye behind them as it grew closer, larger and more terrifying. It laughed softly, mockingly, as it enjoyed the pursuit, enjoyed softening them up. 

At last the boys found the wall and there was nowhere more to go. The clown paused, ready for its moment, ready for its glory, ready to…

“THERE YOU BOYS ARE”

Lois burst past the last few boxes and grabbed the ear of her nearest son, yanking Reese almost off his feet. “YOU LITTLE HORROR, YOU MONSTER!” 

All three boys screamed in terror and relief. Malcolm grabbed his mother’s leg and sobbed happily. “How did you find us?!” 

Lois looked down in puzzlement. For once the boys seemed almost *happy* to have been found. “You left a trail of vandalised cars leading right to the door, which you *also* broke. This is the Kellerman place, in fact they used to do day-care here, before you boys… well, before you.”

Lois looked about, the basement suddenly seemed less threatening. The boxes were play equipment and everything you would need to run a day care. “Now, you boys have a lot to answer for, you are coming with ME!” 

She dragged them up and out of the basement, away from the terrors below and into the light. In the darkness IT watched them leave. IT knew fear, IT *consumed* fear, but even IT knew when it was in the presence of a master. 

***

Thanks for reading!Original prompt by /u/SirFluffyTheTerrible

[Original link. 
](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/582n9y/wp_a_fantasy_world_filled_with_races_such_as/)
***

**Chapter 1**

***

It is said in the old songs, that the humans came from the plains of Urun, but that they were driven into the North.  Perhaps that was true, but if so, it was before there were books or cities or places to record such events. The great Elven Kingdoms had lasted a thousand generations and none knew of men as anything more than raiders and thieves and so it had always been. 

In the time after the Third Great War, there was much change across the land. The citadels of the Orkfolk were changing, forced to adapt by the peace treaties and the conditions they had places on both the Orkfolk and their Gods. 

No longer could the great Ork Father Kraa sit in High Murgon and dictate to the Orkfolk how he wished them to war and die, now he was shackled in the Silver Tower, held captive by the united Elven and  Dwarf pantheons. He was a guarantee against the behaviour of his people and without his warlike influence, they were to last taking to the world as partners and not foes. 

With this change in power came other alterations in the structures of the world though, changes that none could have predicted. With the loosening of Kraa’s grip, the Ork watchers, who had long guarded against human invasion and indeed had revelled in their guard, were at last relaxed. The Patrols lessened, the towers were abandoned and in a few short years, even the great walls had begun to crumble. 

But the humans did not come. 

In the North Wastes, in the place beyond the cold, where humankind had been forced to scratch an existence, a fire was finally burning which could not be extinguished by snow or water. The fire was growing more powerful by the day. 

In the lands to the South, the summer brought prosperity and without the threat of war from Orkkind, the Elven and Dwarf land's opened themselves to trade and peace. Swords were lost and forgotten and tales of the old wars were told to scare children, but none expected to see them again in their time. 

They spoke of the second war, where the Elven Kingdoms had first grown, near a thousand years ago and thrown back the Ork and Dwarf Kingdoms. They sang of the third war, where the Orks had waged a battle that left scars across the land, as they sought to reclaim what they saw as their lands; but none sung of the first war. 

The first war was in a time before stories and only existed as a faint memory, almost a fairytale, as it involved beasts of fancy, machines of metal and fire and death beyond count. Such things did not exist and so they were laughed at, turned into myth and legend. Such things did not exist… but once they had. 

In the snow of the north they had come to the humans, at first taking on forms that were familiar, but as they saw that the humans did not fear them, they took their natural forms and lived in the world once again. These creatures were not part of the order, they were not part of the story of the land, but still they coveted what they did not have. 

They had been there at the start and it had been their metal, their weapons that had fought the first war, but not against one kingdom, or even two, they had fought against all, even the humans. It had been the humans though who had changed sides, seeing the logic in the whispers of the creatures and turning against their allies. They had spun in battle and fallen on their friends, nearly destroying them all, but at the end, failing. 

The humans had paid dearly, driven out into the north and the Others, they had slunk back into their home and waited patiently for the day they could return. Now, the Kingdoms had forgotten the old stories. The old allies of the Others, the humans, were tired and desperate and They had grown strong and powerful in their wait. 

As the plains or Urun grew peaceful and quiet, in the north they began to forge swords in the flames that did not die. The humans took the weapons their allies gave them and in turn the human tribes united and came out from the cracks and shelters where they had shivered. First in their hundreds and then at last in their tens of thousands, the humans sat by the fire and grew warm, grew hungry and grew strong. 

Years passed as the creatures helped the humans to recover, to remember what they had been and what they *could* be and at last they were no longer scared and scattered, but united and strong. The human ingenuity worked on the weapon's of the Others and made them more deadly, inspiring such cunning and brutality as had never been seen. 

The leaders of man and the leaders of the Others sat in the flickering shadows and drew arrows on maps, until the show was thick and heavy and the men were impatient to move. It would take months to move the people down to the edge of the land, but then it would be spring, and the snow would melt, leaving the way clear for the attack to begin. 

***

**Chapter 2**

***

*Three days past the first moon of Seeding*

Once, this section of the wall had been nearly fifty feet high, but like so much of it these days, the foundations had been pulled free to build houses and farms, until a section had collapsed. This, of course, had meant even more stone was available and soon the gap had been widened, while the long grey wall was breached and open. 

In time, as the years went past, a path and then a road formed through the gap, as folk settled outside the wall for the first time in as long as anyone could remember. They would laugh at the old stories of human raiders, such creatures were from a time of stories and books and soon small towns had sprung up, as Ork farmers moved quickly to claim the fresh ground and expand their crops in all directions. 

Still, some memory kept most people close to the wall, even as the stories passed into legend, the wall still symbolised *something* and the people on the far side bolted their doors at night, just to be sure.  As winter withdrew and the first buds of spring returned, the towns and villages prepared for planting and for further expansions of their lands, ever going north into the unknown. 

It was a small group of farmers who met the first patrol, as they were out looking for new fertile soil. The woods grew thick, but in places there were great grasslands, not unlike the ones in the south and there it was possible to grow crops with great success. 

The three Ork males had found just such a place, when they saw a small group approaching, but it was not until they were closer that the first of the Orks was able to see the truth. “Pinkskins!” He hissed, the word turning to billowing mist in the cold. 

The second, his son, turned to run, but before he could step away, an arrow pierced his throat, sticking out obscenely on the other side while his father watched in terror. He did not have long to wait though, as moments later he too fell, his blood mingling into his son's as they fertilised the lands they had hoped to cultivate. 

The group of humans stood over them and a moment later a great red creature landed beside them. The leader of the humans looked up. “They died as easily as you said they would.” 

The great red beast folded his wings into his back and nodded. “They have grown fat and lazy, unwilling to hold their land with steel and unable to see the threat in front of them.” He smiled. “It’s going to be fun today boys.” 

***** 

The small Ork town was quiet in the mid-morning, with most of the people either in the fields, or carrying out tasks in their huts. None saw the shadow pass overhead, not even as it paused and tipped the bucked of fire down into the middle of the town square. 

The fire fell, landed and then broke into a million pieces, each flowing in a different direction, seeking out a target, be it wooden, straw or a creature. The screams began quickly and then as they grew suddenly dark figures appeared at each door. One by one the screams died and then as silence was all that remained the humans melted back into the surrounding trees. 

The shadow that had circled above finally landed, a large red beast with armour that shone and tall dark horns that seemed to disappear into razor points. He stooped, letting his bucket sit on the ground and in a moment the fire crawled back across the earth and into its container, until at last it was full and with a beat of his wings the creature was gone. 

The town continued to burn until the wooden beams collapsed into the ashes. The few lucky survivors who had been absent during the attack, fled south, into the trees, where one by one their footsteps died out. None reached as far as the wall. 

*****
 
**Chapter 3**

***

*Mid summer* 

To the people of the plains it was becoming known as the summer of blood, but for the humans, who had swept down into the fertile land and whose families were eagerly following to take residence in the ruined towns and cities, it was known as the War of Reckoning. 

The cry of “Pinkskin” was enough to cause many a regiment to cry and fall back in terror, for they knew that the lucky ones would die in the fighting, while the unlucky would be carried back, through the human lines to one of several awful fates. 

The creatures that fought beside the humans were few, but were avatars of terror. Most towered over the battlefield, fifteen or twenty feet in height, using vast scythes and barbed whips to wipe out whole squads of soldiers, while seeming impervious to harm.  They controlled the great war machines that rumbled across the battlefield, spewing fire and death in all directions, while dozens of humans crawled across the machines, operating valves and nozzles to direct the death in all directions. 

For the Silver alliance there had been only one choice, to free their gods and allow them to fight by their side, begging them to save their lives and their homes, so that they could continue to worship them. The Elven pantheon were the first to agree and they fell upon the battlefield with such fury that the humans were forced back dozens of miles, but they did not hold the day. 

The red creatures rose up and through a month of battle they locked weapons against the gods, each side tearing down the other, blood spilling to the ground and blessing or cursing where it fell, or mingling into nothing and leaving the ground bare. 

The gods seemed more powerful, but the creatures, while seeming to lose at first, returned time after time, wrapped in different clothing, wielding different weapons and trying new ways of attacking, each inspired by the humans and slowly they became more devastating. 

As the Elven gods fell the Dwarf gods at last joined the fray, but they were too late. Perhaps if they had fought alongside them at the start it would have changed things, but the Elven gods were too weak and the Dwarf Gods too late to shore them up and soon they too began to fall. 

All that was left was a final gamble, a final choice that none had wished to make. On the night of midsummer they broke the bonds, unsealed the tower and the great Ork God Kraa fell to the ground, at last free. 

He stood slowly, smelling the war and death and then slowly walked forward, every Ork that he found following him, entranced and enveloped with his rage, with his bloodlust and with his desire to fight. He reached the battlefield and watched as the great Gods struggled with the vast red beasts and then with a leap he sprang into the middle of them and they were parted. 

For a time each side looked on and then Kraa turned to the Elven Gods and reached out his great clawed hand. The Gods smiled, but that turned to cried of fear as the great hand shot forward and grabbed the head of Melia, the Elven mother who had birthed her race. With a roar he squeezed and her head crumbled in his hands and in a moment she was gone and Kraa stood, soaked in her blood, an angry avatar of death. The time of the Gods was over. 

After destroying the last of the Patheons, Kraa retreated into the smokey mountains and the Orks followed him loyally. They had played their part in the war and had no more appetite for death, now it was the Elven Kingdoms and the Dwarves alone against the humans and they had no more gods to look to for salvation. 

By First Harvest only two elven cities remained, the great city of Pangea and the great warrior retreat of High Karon, safe in the peaks of the holy mountain. The Dwarven people were shattered, their cities ruined, their people scattered and throughout the land the humans had burned all that they could not take. Fire ran to their command, consuming what they wished and sparing that which they desired. 

In High Karon the gates that had held for a thousand years were bolted, the supplies pulled deep into the cellars and water stocked for a thousand days and they waited for the attack, as it had come to all other cities. Soon they told themselves and looked to the sky to hear leathery wings, but they did not come. 

Across the land the human families pulled down what they could to prepare for winter, raiding the supplies left behind and setting into homes that had been built by and for others, but which the owners were not fled or dead. 

The first winds of winter were blowing and in the cold the leaders of man and of the creatures gathered and discussed their future. The creatures wished to push on, to destroy the last cities and claim all that was left, but for the humans they had accomplished what they desired and some had grown weary with death. They called for peace and compromise, but the creatures would not allow it. 

In the darkness the leaders of men gathered and for the first time they talked alone, without their allies, and talked of freedom from this war. Peace always comes at a price though and the humans knew this well, they knew what the others desired of them, but now it seemed too much. 

Humans knew what it was to be honourable, to make an alliance and to abide by it and all of its terms, but for a human this was only applicable until the terms were no longer tolerable and then they agreement was null and void. 

In the darkness the humans began to plot anew. 

***

**Chapter 4**

***

*Midwinter* 

In the time before the War of Reckoning, when humans were still in the cold of the north, they had survived with the help from the creatures. As well as the fires, they provided food, shelter and weapons, so that the humans had been able to forge an army, without worrying about filling their bellies. 

The creatures had never left; watching, guarding, protecting at all times except one – on the shortest, coldest day of the year they returned to their own lands, leaving at sunrise and returning at sunset, renewed with vigour and purpose. Then it had been inspiring, but now, as the Council of Five sat in the shattered remains of the Silver Tower, occupying the seats where once Gods had sat, it seemed something else, it seemed an opportunity. 

Uthrick the Unborn spoke first, his eyes staying on the small fire they had built in the middle of the cavernous room. “We have six hours to make this choice, if it is even a choice we can make. What could we do to prevent them from returning?” 

Three of the other men sat silently, contemplating the thoughts they had not even dare entertain until they were sure they were alone, but one, the oldest of them, Maii Shadowmare, shuffled forward on his seat. He looked to the sky and spoke softly, but his words carried in the quiet. “There are ways, to be sure, but unless the choice is made by us all, we should not even entertain the ideas.” 

Silence filled the room again until at last Silur the Red slapped the great arm of his chair. “They have brought us victory and power. We have regained the lands we once lost and destroyed all that stood against us. With one more attack in the new planting season, we will end our enemies and guarantee our ways forever.” 

“It is victory… but at a price.” Crendula, Last Among Brothers, met Silur’s eye and forced him to look away. They all knew the price, paid in this world by their enemies, but in the next world they knew it would be their cost. “We see them, taking those we catch and… consuming them.” 

The room fell silent again, every man in the room had seen it, the creatures consuming the essence of a captured soldier or civilian, sucking the life force from them as the victim screamed and burned. The humans were no fools, they knew they had made deals that were not only victories for them, but that the creatures gained as much, if not more from each death inflicted. 

The four men who had spoken seemed to sense there was little more to say, these meetings were always short, each man knowing his place and as always it would be the King who would make the final decision, Tiome Cursed would choose for all the humans, as he had since the first choice had been made and would until he was felled in battle. 

The King seemed to hold the words and then, at last, he spoke, looking to Maii as he did so. “Tell me the ways.” 

***** 

Maii Shadowmare hurried through the snow, pressing with his long staff as he went, seeking for a noise under the snow. Here, in one of the older parts of the Elven cities, the streets were hard packed, but Maii knew what he was looking for and as his cane thumped down and he felt the change in substance below his feet, he knew he had found it. 

For most humans war was a visceral, physical thing. Weapons and muscles worked together to cleave an enemy in two, but for Maii and his brothers, war was a science.  It was his clan who had created many, if not most of the weapons of war for the creatures and who at the end of each battle would check the field, to learn what they were able, to make their weapons more effective the next time. 

On the field after the creatures and Gods had warred, there was little to be found, but still they had done their duty. He had waited, letting the younger men do their tasks and so it had not been him, but one of his men who had found it and by the time he had arrived they had bound it in moonchain. The small figure had held its legs wretchedly, weeping bitter tears at the death of its family, for it was among the smallest of the Pantheon of the Elves and the only one of their Gods who still lived. 

Maii had hidden it, keeping it bound and powerless, unsure what job he would have for it, but knowing that one day he would find a reason and tonight it had finally come. Whether the God would be willing to help would be another matter, but as he heaved the trapdoor up and dropped into the dark, it was his only choice. 

Huddled against the back wall, chains shining in the dark, the little God watched him with jet black eyes. “Have you come to move me, or taunt me again *human*.” 

Maii stepped forward, the God would kill him if it could, but until the chains were released he was safe enough. “Tell me little God, who do you wish vengeance upon?” 

The unblinking eyes followed him. “Upon your head, upon your family, upon your kind and your race and all that bear your pink skin.” 

It was hard not to chuckle, but Maii resisted. “Very well, but what about on the others, on the creatures who killed your people, your fellow Gods?” 

Now the dark eyes narrowed. “Aye, on them too, but what use it is to wish away the wind, they are too strong and my family is dead. I shall suffice by killing you and yours little pinkskin.” 

From deep in his cloak, Maii drew out a dagger and placed it on the ground between them. The God’s eyes fell on it and did not move. “Where did… it is one of their weapons.” 

A nod from Maii confirmed it. “Not all that fought lived and not all that died were found. This is one of their possessions with that there comes power.” 

The God nodded. “Power, aye, but to what end? What little power would be useless against them, they would slaughter you before it could be applied.” 

This was the moment Maii had worried about. “True, but only while they are here and right not they are not.” 

The God looked up again and this time there was something else, surprise perhaps? Curiosity? “You seek to betray your masters?” He smiled. “And you seek my aid to do it.” Now the eyes danced with amusement. “Truly it is said that a pinkskin will turn on itself given long enough. Now you betray your gods when they grant your every wish.” 

Maii lifted the knife and held it up, feeling its weight. “They are not my Gods, we have no Gods, we were judged unworthy. They have offered us much, but once this war is over they will continue to ask and we know when it is time to re-evaluate what we desire out of this war.” 

“And what is that?” The God was cautious now, uncertain where this would lead. 

“Peace.” Maii shrugged. “A new home, a place among the Kingdoms and a chance to rebuild.” 

The God nodded. “It will not be easy, but to accomplish it the first step will be needed…” 

In the dark the knife was invisible, but the chains fell away. The God stretched up, growing taller and unfurling before looking down on Maii. The human spun the knife in his hand and then reached up and handed it to the God, hilt first, who took it carefully and examined the intricate carving on the hilt. “You knew what this would mean, did you not?” 

Maii nodded. “The pact was sealed in blood, theirs and ours. Blood to made a pact, blood to break it.” 

The God nodded and let the knife fall onto its hand slicing slightly and drawing a thin line of blood. Maii watched and nodded with satisfaction, now that the God had spilled its own blood there was no turning back. A drop of Gods blood slowly worked its way down the blade and the God watched it go until it reached the hilt and then they leaned down and thrust the knife through Maii’s neck and let it sit there while he collapsed to the floor. 

After a while the gasping and gurgling ended and the God retrieved the knife and then shook the blood from the hilt onto the ground, letting it spray in a circle. There was no sound, no sign, no sign, but the world altered itself and the God smiled; it had been done. 

It walked to the entrance and reached up, pulling itself into the snow and into the dark and then walking off, into the night. It was done.There was a long pause as Mai tried grasp what Hattie had said, it had been a long time since she slept and it was growing hard to make sense of everything. “I don’t understand, I’m, not… I mean, you don’t know me and I told you why I am here, why would you want me to take your daughter with me?”  

Hattie smiled and swung her legs up onto the couch again, lying back down. “That’s why I know you’re a good person.” She smiled as if that was the end of it. “You’re risking your life, travelling to try to save your friend, not knowing if they’re alive or dead or if you have any hope of success.”

Mai shook her head, trying to clear some thought into it, she was tired, hungry and had too many thoughts and emotions to think clearly. “That makes no sense. I’m sorry it’s just not possible.” 

Hattie closed her eyes and lay back. “I’m afraid it’s not going to be fair on you. I’m asking a lot but you’re all I have. We can’t possibly live long like this anymore and when I die she’ll be all alone. She’s strong but she needs someone to help her and I want that person to be a *good* person. You’re the first good person we’ve met in years.” Her voice got softer and she seemed to be going to sleep, a gentle smile on her face. “God must have sent you but I’m just glad I got to meet you.” Her breathing softened and was asleep before Mai could protest further. 

Mai sat and watched her for a few moment. The blankets had slipped down and again Mai could see that she was emaciated. Around the window’s edge the dawn began to gently glow and for a moment she contemplated leaving, slipping through the window and away from Hattie and Docie and their problems. 

She stood and exhaustion washed over her and she steadied herself with a hand on the arm of the couch. She looked around the room and decided that leaving tonight was going to be impossible. It seemed safe here and she needed to sleep. Hattie was possibly crazy but she could deal with that tomorrow. 

She turned down the lamp and then checked down the hallway, finding a small cupboard with meagre supplies and another room with a large bed. Docie was fast asleep in the large bed, sprawled across it, her small frame taking up more space than seemed possible. Mai had intended to sleep on the floor but the bed made her pause. She felt it and it was soft and welcoming; sitting on the edge, sleep caught at her eyelids and drew them together and she lay down. As she slipped into sleep she felt the small form of Docie push into her and she draped her arm around the small girl; it was for warmth she told herself. 

When Mai awoke Docie was gone, but as she stood and stretched, she realised that she didn’t have a single ache or pain from having slept on a hard floor. A smile crept across Mai’s face, it was a touch of luxury she could get used to again. 

She thought back to the night before, Hattie’s strange request. She hoped it had been simply the tiredness that had made her make the request, taking a young girl along with her was not in Mai’s plan and she had no intention of abandoning it now. She felt sorry for the desperate situation they were in but she couldn’t afford to be distracted by every family with a problem, she had enough of her own. 

Yawning, Mai walked through to the living room, this time being able to see the room clearly. At one point it had probably been a fairly nice room, it was a good size and from what she remembered it wasn’t far from the town square, certainly away from the poor area she had first seen. 

From Hattie’s story last night they had been here more than five years and when first they came Cooper had been a baker, they must have been given this nice house, or somehow earned it. Now though it showed signs of neglect, no surprise if Docie had been doing most of the work. The living room had a table at one end which was piled with odd things, bits of metal and paper mostly. There were a number of chairs and the low couch where Hattie had slept last night, now though it was empty. There was no sign of either Hattie or Docie. 

Mai checked the small kitchen and was impressed to find that the taps worked and the water was clean and cold. She drank deeply and then, rather guiltily, she took an apple from the side and nibbled on it. The kitchen was amply supplied with knives and several cupboard which were empty. The only supplies she had seen at all had been in the hallway leading to the bedroom and she wandered through there now, more out of curiosity than desire to find something to eat. 

In the hallway she realised that behind the open bedroom door there was another door and pulling it open she found a small bathroom. A toilet and shower nozzle were all that filled the room and she experimentally pulled at a lever. With a  creak the shower let a thin stream of water out and Mai realised what she had seen last night on the roofs, the guttering had all led into the roof, something she hadn’t thought about at the time but they must collect rainwater to use for showering. 

Mai hesitated for a moment and then quickly stripped and leaving her clothes in the bedroom so they didn’t get wet she stepped into the shower, letting the dirt wash off her. There was even a rough bar of soap and she scrubbed at her face and hair, luxuriating in the feeling of clean. 

At last she pulled the lever, she had been in longer than she intended and felt guilty at using the water. For the first time in a long time though she felt more human. As she opened the door she heard the soft voice of Hattie and realised that they had returned and slipped into the bedroom. 

Her clothes were gone but in their place had been laid out cleaner clothes, her knife and gun left beside them. She paused, not liking her clothes being taken, but realising that in fact the replacements were of higher quality – a nice dress and jumper instead of her jeans and several T-shirts and woollen jumpers she had been wearing. She pulled them on and slipped the knife info her sleeve. The gun wasn’t as easy to carry in these clothes and with reluctance she left it under a pillow on the bed. A cold through crossed her mind that these clothes could have been chosen with that in mind but she dismissed it. 

She passed back into the living room and saw Hattie, standing in the kitchen and slowly chopping some carrots on a board. Hearing Mai enter she turned and faced  roughly in her direction. “I hope you don’t mind, I sent Docie out to clean your clothes, they could practically stand up by themselves- she’ll be back soon. In the meantime I’m making a stew for dinner.” 

Mai’s mouth opened to object but her stomach growled at the thought of a hot meal, any other discussion could wait until after they had eaten. “Can I help with anyting?” She at last asked. 

Hattie turned back and continued to chop “No need, I’ve been working my way around this kitchen a long time.” She pulled out more vegetables, using her fingers to carefully measure them out and chop them and then finally putting them into a large pot. Finally she pulled out two rabbits and expertly used a small knife to skin and dice their meat, using everything. Mai was impressed, she was better at skinning a rabbit blind than Mai could. 

When everything was in the pot she carefully carried it through to the living room, the fire had been built up and she carefully hung it over the hearth. “There now.” Hattie sounded satisfied. “By the time Docie is home we’ll be on our way to a new stew.” She carefully felt her way across the room and sat in a chair opposite Mai. 

“I’m sorry Mai, last night I dropped a whole lot on you and then fell asleep. It was unfair and unkind.” Mai said nothing, waiting to see where this was going. “You seem like a nice girl and you’re trying to do the right thing, I like that and I want to help and so I went out today and got you these.” Hattie fished out a piece of paper from a pocket on her skirt and held it out, carefully Mai took them. 

She looked it over and found it was an identity record, made out for a ‘May Ward’. “I don’t understand. What is this?” 

Hattie smiled. “I told them you were my sister, come to town to help look after Docie. I said you’d take over the work in the market and do whatever work was needed when you weren’t helping me here.” 

Mai started at the paper - they knew she was here now, had Hattie betrayed her? A sick feeling of panic began to rise in her stomach. “Why would you do this? I didn’t come here to work for these bastards, I came here to free my friend!” She stood and paced back and forth as she talked. “How do we explain where I came from, when I arrived?” 

Hattie remained calm and seated. “They don’t care.” 

Mai paused. “What do you mean.” 

“Just that. They don’t care.” Hattie folded her hands over her lap and stared ahead. “The people who live here came by choice - we’re not slaves, but we might as well be. Most are addicted or trapped like Docie and I are and the black heads, just don’t care as we’re nothing to them. You need to be able to move around to find your friend and with this you become invisible. You can use this to find your friend; it might not get you into the camp but it’s some sort of cover.” 

Mai paused and realised quite what Hattie had done for her. This part of the plan had always been hazy. She had assumed she could find her way to Mikael and save him without any problem but from what she had seen, what she knew, she realised that would be impossible. Hattie’s plan made sense, and would allow her to find Mikael and avoid capture herself. 

The knot of anxiety in her stomach dissolved and was replaced by shame. She walked over to Hattie, leant down and hugged her. “I’m so sorry Hattie, thank you for this, I can’t believe you would do this for me.” 

As she stood, she saw Hattie had tears in her eyes, which she wiped away. “It’s nothing darlin’. Good people have to stick together.”The boat continued to push through the waves and at some point I guessed must be the afternoon the wind picked up; the men laughed and easily moved across the deck, ropes and sails changing in a flurry that I could barely watch. Janus seemed happy with our progress, higher winds meant a quicker journey, but to me it only meant more rocking of the boat. Andrès had moved forward and had been helping with the ropes, tying them across the deck in complex patterns.  

I clutched at whatever handholds I could find and tried to stare directly behind us; looking at the horizon was apparently the key, but I wished I could sleep like Jessica, curled up at the side of the boat. Janus had finished giving whatever instruction was needed and moved back to sit beside me. 

“How do you feel, have you got your sea legs yet?” I grimaced at the cheer in his voice. “Not many waves in Kansas, eh?” Apparently, he had picked up on what I said earlier. I would need to be careful. 

“No.” I gently agreed. I wasn’t sure what was holding me back, was it him or was it the situation or just having been so afraid for so long, but I held myself back from opening up to him. 

“Kansas is a long way from here, must have been running from something pretty hard to make it all the way to Florida.” I stayed silent, not quite wanting to give away how accurate his was. “Looking for a new home and ran into those crazies.” He shook his head. “You got some bad luck man.” 

Harry had been sitting quietly, since they had been caught, he had hardly spoken a word and since the boat even less. He had stuck by Jessica, fiercely putting himself between her and Andrès and watching all of the men carefully when they came near. For all of my trauma, it was easy to forget that Harry had lost his family just a few weeks before and so he had decided to stick to Jessica. A twinge of jealousy unkindly flickered and I pushed it back down, we had few enough friends now to create unneeded barriers. 

With Jessica asleep he seemed to feel a little more free to interact and he seemed irritated with Janus. “They’re not crazy.” We both looked at him curiously and then at each other. “They’re *not* crazy. I was there longer than Alex and you’ve never really met them.” 

“What do you mean Harry. They’re slavers and murderers?”  I tried to keep my voice friendly and the tone light but he seemed angry. 

“Some of them are yes but it’s not…” He searched around for words. “It’s not as easy as saying they’re all crazy, some are bad and some are good. Some were nice to me and some…” He looked down at Jessica’s mangled face and trailed off. “At night, back at Rith’s cells, there was one who would break up fights and he never hit anyone, just made them calm down. He would occasionally give me something that wasn’t coated in the stuff they gave everyone to keep them quiet.” Harry’s voice got small and it was hard to hear over the boat. “People did things because they didn’t have a choice.”  

Harry trailed off into silence and Janus and I waited to see if he would go on but he had stopped, whatever he had to talk about was not going to come out now. After a few moments Janus spoke “I’m sorry Harry, there are good men in bad circumstances and I should remember that. It is a part of my religion to never judge a man by his looks or his company, sometimes we are all forced to do things that we would be better not doing. 

Harry seemed slightly mollified and turned away, I thought that there might have been tears in his eyes but the thought was driven from me a moment later. Harry had looked down at Jessica and frowned, she did look sweaty and rough but she had for days now. He took her shoulder and shook her lightly but she didn’t respond and so he shook harder. “Jessica!” His voice was suddenly full of panic. 

Janus moved quickly across to her and shook her hard but there was no reply. He held his hand at her mouth “She breaths still.” He turned but before he could shout Andrès was there and roughly pushed Janus aside. 

His countenance was different now, no longer lounging but moving swiftly and with purpose. He pulled open the top of her shirt and pressed his ear against her chest. Carefully he eased up the patch that covered her empty socket. She had taken out the moss compound that Mai had some time ago and the raw socket looked red and angry. Andrès leaned down and took a sharp sniff and his face wrinkled. 

“Shit, it’s infected.”  He snapped. “We should have checked this before.” He quickly scanned and gestured to one of the men on the side, Janus slipped out of the compartment as the man slid in “Deso, get the kit and we need boiled water.” 

Deso turned and gestured for me to stand, I did and he lifted the bench on which I sat, underneath there was an array of packages, boxes and even some weapons but he pulled a small white box out from near the back, a dark bottle, a metal pan and a paraffin heater. Whether it was Janus signalling them or they simply knew what to do, the other men were already pulling down the sails and had replaced them with a tiny triangle of canvas. The boat steadied and the rocking subsided, the tiny strip of sail seeming to function to only keep us headed forward. 

On the deck a man had pulled water from the sea and Deso set up the heater and pan, and started heating it, holding it to make sure it did not fall over in the remains of the waves. He had tossed the kit to Andrès who had flipped it open and put it on the deck beside him. He pulled latex gloves from the box and quickly slipped them on. The box began to slide in the waves and Harry jumped to quickly hold it still. Andres looked in the box and pulled out a long cotton bandage which he unravelled it and carefully cut several small sections with his knife before putting the rest back into the box. Harry stood nervously beside him and now Andrès gave him all but one of the strips to hold. 

I felt helpless, useless and in the way. In the small seating area Harry and Andrès had to push past me each time they moved and I was standing as far back as I could. I felt a hand on my shoulder and looked up to see one of the other men, he held his hand out and I grasped it, letting him pull me up on deck. The lesser rolling of the boat was helping a little but I clung to several roped that was lashed across the deck and the man crouched carefully beside me and put a friendly hand on my shoulder. “Andrès is our field medic.” He whispered to me. “He knows what he is doing.” 

Andrès had soaked the first rag from the bottle and the strong smell of alcohol rose as it spilled over onto the deck. With great care he dabbed it into her socket and as he pulled it away it was clear that there was pus and blood on the rags. With each careful wipe he threw the rag overboard and Harry handed him another which he soaked and used. After six or seven rags they seemed to come back cleaner and he stopped. 

Deco had taken some of the cotton and as the water boiled, he had held it under the water. Now he took the pan carefully over to Andrès, who pulled the cotton out with his knife and after a moment to let it cool he poured a little of the alcohol onto the bottom and then carefully packed it into her socket. Now he took a few more strips, soaked in alcohol and repeated the process to the gash across her face. Quickly he seemed happy that it was clean and he left it. 

He pulled the cotton from the box again and this time took a long strip, looping it around her head to hold the cotton in her socket in place and then fastening it with several sticky strips from the box. At last he went back to the bench and opened it again, putting back the kit but pulled a black leather bag from the bottom. Inside a number of vials and needles sat and he quickly pulled on out. 

“What is that?” Harry asked, subtly placing himself between Andrès and Jessica. 

“It’s antibiotics little one.” Andrès’ voice was tight but kind and he made no move forward until Harry took a small step back. Moving to Jessica he drew out a large quantity from the vial and the carefully injected her arm. 

“Is she going to be okay?” Harry asked the question I wanted to, he seemed to be coping better than I was. A deep sense of dread seemed to be settling across me. 
         
Andrès looked down at Jessica. “I don’t know little man, I think the infection is in her blood. I have done everything I can for her here but back in San Benito they will be able to do more for her. She has a fever and needs to be kept cool, she will need a cool cloth on her brow, will you make sure it stays cold?” Harry nodded and sat beside her, taking her head and laying it on his chest – Andrès grabbed a bucket and folded up a cloth, soaking it in the cold water and then laying it across Jessica’s forehead. 

I slipped down into the seating area as Andrès stripped off the gloves. He turned and looked at me and his face had no trace of the cocky smirk I had seen before, he looked away and up to Janus was standing above us. “Hey Janus, we need to go fast, quicker we get there the better.” 

Janus turned, the others had heard him too and already the small sail was coming down and the full sails were going up – in minutes we were bumping over the waves again. My stomach was already a deep pit of dread and if the nausea came back it simply added to the grinding anxiety. 
Jessica stayed asleep and Harry kept the cloth wet, changing it every time it got warm or looked like it might dry out. I sat with my head in my hands and watched, trying to keep the worst of the thoughts from my head and failing. Bit by bit my security had been stripped away, bit by bit I was less certain of my destination and now I was surrounded by strangers on a boat to a new place I did not know. The thought occurred to me that Harry was in the same place but so much younger than me. I swore to myself that I would try to keep him safe but the voice in my head laughed at me – I was unable to keep anyone else or myself safe, why did I think Harry would be any different. 

Afternoon turned to night and the men kept the boat running fast, bumping hard across the waves. Jessica at times would moan but never regained consciousness. Above the stars shone out brilliantly, an almost full moon shining in the sky and the cosmos stretching from horizon to horizon. At last after hours of darkness I heard a whispering and Cass came up to me. 

“We’ll be there soon, we’ve passed the outer reefs.” He gestured to Jessica. “How is she?” 

Just a few moments before Andrès had checked on her and found no change. It was likely that Cass had heard but he was making conversation and I was grateful. “No change. I hope the doctors in San Benito are good.” 

He smiled. “As good as you will find anywhere.” He stood and with a friendly clasp of the shoulder he was gone. As he said twenty minutes later the sails began to be taken down and I heard the low rumbling of the engine start up. I stood and looked ahead of the boat and I could see the glow of a town in the distance, San Benito. A red light glowed brightly, shining out towards the boat, guiding us in. 

As we came closer, I made out walls lining the docks and we sailed along them and at last slipped through a gap into the harbour beyond. A tall tower overlooked the gap and at the top the great red light shone brightly. We moved to dock fast and I got the impression of a jumble of low houses and streets I could glimpse in the distance. On the dockside half a dozen men stood waiting and as we got near Janus leapt from the boat to the dockside and talked quickly. 


The boat was lashed to the quay between fishing boats and by the time it was secure there was a stretcher waiting. The men came onto the boat and carefully lifted Jessica, Harry and I following closely behind. They moved her to the dockside and a small horse drawn wagon pulled up and she was loaded in, Harry, myself and Janus climbing on board. 

With a word we were off and moving into San Benito. 

***** 

At last we arrive! It's feeling good at the moment, Mai and Alex both seem to have finally arrived at their destination and we're slowly filling in the blanks to a lot of the story. 

Happy Sunday all!As the evening fell, Mai watched the town, while sitting in the branches of the tallest tree she could find. It was strangely chaotic and she tried to work out the town’s structure, so that she could more easily enter in the dark. She’d known NKC and a few other trader towns, but they had been fairly organised. People lived around the edge of town and then either worked in the fields or in the centre where the market and main shops were. This town though was different and as she watched she realised that it was partly because there were too many people. 

There did seem to be some sort of market in the centre of town and a flow of people in and out of town but there were also a lot of people who just seemed to be wandering the streets. Black heads patrolled in a semi regular way, not sticking to any particular route but moving through the town to cover roughly the same area. It was hard to know from this distance if it was the same or different men but they passed by the same spots every twenty or thirty minutes. They seemed to prefer to walk the inner streets, rather than walk the outside as she would have. 

Throughout the town she could also see black heads who seemed to be wandering aimlessly as the others. This must be where some, at least, lived and Mai guessed that maybe some of the wanderers in town were black heads off-duty – they still seemed strange though, walking aimlessly and not even seeming to interact. 

As the early evening fell torches began to be lit – she saw a few electric lights in some of the buildings and in the centre somewhere. Probably the main square was kept lit. Otherwise there were simple torches, probably burning pitch or animal fat. Electric lights were a luxury and pitch or animal fat were generally used wherever light was needed cheaply and simply. Back in NKC they had been lucky, they had several wind turbines and had been able to produce simple electrical lights that didn’t produce huge amounts of light, but kept the town lit in the evenings and in people’s homes. Unless there was no wind, then they had as much power as they had ever needed.  

Here the lights in the centre of town seemed bright and it made the rest darker in contrast. In the distance, as the evening fell, a glow on the horizon made it clear where the Kingdom was. Mai realised now that when they had been there before it had been lit up overnight and even in the slave areas there had been lights. She wondered if they were able to produce their own light bulbs or if they still had scavenged stock from before the separation. Old technology was valuable though and to use old bulbs so widely seemed lunacy. 

The dim light in the town would work well for her, she didn’t intend to go near the centre if she could help it, but tonight she hoped to go around the edge and try to learn the layout and find anything she could. She knew the town was full of black heads and she needed to fit in, as if they somehow realised that she was not meant to be there then she could be in trouble fast. 

 She nervously tapped at the gun she had slipped into the back of her waistband and at last darkness began to fall. Mai waited until it was dark enough that she could slip across the scrubland unnoticed and then quickly descended the tree and walked briskly towards the town. It was too open to be able to cross unnoticed if someone chose to look and so she hoped that affecting an air of belonging would make someone less likely to simply start firing at her. No one fired and soon she was at the outskirts of town. 

The building she had come to first was a shabby and small house. It was hard to tell if it was brick or stone underneath but on top of that, mud and clay had been packed into the walls, from the looks of it this was now holding the structure up. Strangely, the single window she found on the side had shutters but these closed and fastened from inside the house so they could not be pried open from the outside. Mai regarded these carefully, the owner of this house must be poor but was determined to keep people out.  

She slipped round the side and to the front of the house, the roads here were no more than stony paths, deep groves worn into the track. This path seemed to lead along and front a number of similar houses, Mai checked and each had similar shutters and heavy wooden doors which opened inwards to they were easier to bar. Flickering light shone under the door but Mai could hear nothing from inside. She pushed lightly at one of the doors and it stayed firm, she didn’t push harder in case the occupant objected. 

At the same time Mai heard a noise from both ends of the street. From around one corner came a patrol of black heads, three of them carrying burning torches, at the other end of the street another black head stumbled round the corner and stumbled into a wall, slumping to the ground. Mai slipped back into the shadows between the houses and around to the back – there were no lights back here and she felt confident that she would be unseen. 

The patrol passed by and she slipped back around to the side and watched them. As they reached the corner with the slumped man they paused. He reached out to them with both arms and Mai could see a huge smile across his face. One of the patrol crouched down and exchanged a few words and then stood chuckling. The three passed on and moved around the corner and the man lay happily in a pile by the side of the road. 

Puzzling, the rules of normal town’s didn’t seem to apply here. A patrol coming across a man who seemed drunk in NKC would have dragged him back to his home or the cells to let him sleep it off, here they seemed happy to check on him and pass by. Mai slipped along the street and cautiously approached the slumped man, he seemed wide awake and his smile was still fixed, making him slightly creepy. 

He saw her and if anything his smile got wider. “Hello Darlin’!” He enthused. “What a beautiful night, what a fine time to be alive.” Mai stayed back cautiously, he seemed harmless enough but if he began to shout then that patrol was still close enough to hear them. “Say sweetheart, if you’ll assist me to stand up then why don’t we head to your home and I’ll show you a night you’ll never forget.” Mai tried not to smile, while he was making a clumsy attempt to come onto her it was obvious that he was hardly able to move and even assisting him walking would be a challenge. 

“What have you taken that’s left you with such trouble walking.” She shyly smiled at him, trying to play the part of a meek undangerous woman. 

“Why I may have had a little sniffdown but I assure you that while my legs are having trouble  working I am otherwise fully prepared to take care of you.” 

“What’s *sniffdown*” Mai cautiously asked. 

For the first time he seemed to try to focus on Mai’s face. “Where’ve you come from that you don’t know sniffdown?” Mai began to tense to either move away, or kick him in the head if he tried to yell, but whatever it was that was working on him, had taken away his ability to concentrate. His eyes unfocussed again and he began to murmur. “Ah sniffdown, takes the worries away, gives you a spot of magic. Everyone deserves a little magic.” As with 263 his voice had changed slightly, as if speaking by rote. When he finished he began to giggle and she moved away. 

Whatever this drug was, it must have been what made the black heads in town move so strangel, wandering aimlessly. Mai puzzled at it as she moved along the street before realising that as she moved along this part of town seemed nicer than the last one. Presumably the very outer areas of town were the cheaper and worst parts. Here a few shops dotted the street, although still she could see light under doorways but the streets that had earlier been thronged with people were now empty. 

The emptiness was disconcerting and she edged along the side of the street carefully. She was moving towards the centre of town, not somewhere she particularly wanted to go but she was here for answers and at the moment she just had more questions.  

She was trying to peer through a barred shop window when suddenly a door on the other side of the street banged open and as she spun to face it she realised with horror that four black heads had emerged. The one in front saw her at once and nudged the man he was next to. “Hey baby” he called. “What’re you doing out here.” He smiled and began to walk towards her. 

She froze but the man stopped, one of the other men had grabbed his arm. “Fucking leave her.” He snarled. “I’m not waiting on you, I’m fuckin’ going.” 

The first man eyes Mai and she saw the hunger in his eyes and then it switched off and he snapped at her as he turned. “If I see you braking curfew again your dead.” The four men moved off down the road quickly. 

So that was it, curfew. She knew the concept but it was never anything she had experience with. She’d been lucky but next time she knew she would likely not be. The men had turned the corner and now, as she looked ahead she realised how close to the main market she must be. The electric light bounced off the street ahead of her and cast a shadow. The sound of people came from over there and she realised that if she was to get any better information she needed to find someone to talk to and barring knocking on a door the centre seemed the only place to find people. 

She slipped down a side alley and worked her way along, keeping the light from the town square to her right. When she judged she was about level she quickly climbed a wall and with a small jump she was able to pull herself onto a roof. The houses here were much better, real brick with a plaster covering of some kind. The roof even was half slate with boards covering the other half. She worked her way across, making sure not to make any noise that would alert the people below and found herself a vantage point where she could look across the town centre.  


*****In the predawn twilight I could make out the long streets we passed, low houses on each side, dark at this late hour. We were following a road up from the docks and we weren’t turning much, it helped keep Jessica still on the stretcher. 

It was hard to guess how long we'd been going, maybe ten minutes, maybe more - Jessica lying still and Harry, his face drawn and white in the gloom, holding onto her arm and looking at me, his expression beseeching me to make whatever this was end. At last, we clattered into a large open space with houses on all sides. We went directly across, wheels skidding slightly on the slabs that were slick with dew at this early hour and towards an open doorway on the other side, where light spilled out like a beacon. 

As we approached, I realised there were men either side of the door, half hidden in the shadows, but before I could think more, we had arrived, skidding to a halt. The men pulled Jessica's stretcher down and before Harry or I could dismount, they had carried her into the building. Quickly we followed them, Janus herding us forward and then pausing as we all blinked in the light. 

At one time it had probably been a large house, larger perhaps than any I had been in before, but now all that remained of this buildings past life was a large stairway in the entrance hall. To one side a desk was set up but it was empty in the middle if the night. Rooms split off on either side with swing double doors and we walked along peering in. At the third, we finally saw Jessica and before we could stop him, Harry had pushed through into the room. 

Janus' hand on my arm gently restrained me, but I didn't need it, whatever they were doing I could offer as little here as I had on the boat. We stood and watched, as inside the room two women and a man, all dressed in blue smocks, quickly started to examine Jessica, listening to her heart, her breathing and taking blood. They gently removed the bandage from her head and pulled the packing from her eye. Using small lights they inspected the injury and carefully swabbed it with a brown liquid, crouching over and taking time to make sure it was completely clean. They re-covered it but didn't replace the packing and at last injected her several times. 

At this, Harry suddenly grew agitated and finally shouted. "Wait, WAIT." Janus pushed open the door and took the boy's hand and tried to pull him back, but he shook free. "What are they injecting her with? They don't even know what's wrong!" 

At this the man looked up and checking with the other two, he moved to the door, gently guiding Harry outside. "It's okay, we spoke to Andrés by radio, he told us everything he could and he suspected blood poisoning. Going by what we see, he's probably right. We're giving her antibiotics to help her fight off the poisoning and we'll test her blood to see if we can find out more." 

"Is she going to..." I struggled to use the word and rephrased. "Will she be okay?" 

The doctor sighed, "I can't say for sure, if it’s advanced then it’s about 50-50 and we don’t know how early we caught it. The infection could have been building for days or could have found it's way in more recently. Did either of you hear her complain about feeling hot or sick?" Harry an I both shook out heads and he shrugged and turned to go back into the room. Inside Jessica had been hooked up to a drip and they had stripped her and laid a white covering over her. One of the female doctors gestured for us to go in and we pushed through the doors. 

"Your friend is lucky she's not dead - we found what looked like bits of *twig* in her wound." She fixed us with a stern glare as if accusing us. Harry, I could see from the corner of my eye, flushed red and looked down at his feet. "It'll be some time before we know how she'll react." At last she seemed to soften a little. "Get some sleep, you look exhausted." She looked across us. "You too Janus, that's an order." 

"Yes ma'am" he replied with an edge of insincerity in his voice. "Just as soon as I've checked on my men." The doctor sighed and turned away and Janus ushered us from the room. 

Harry tried to stay but Janus was insistent. "You can sleep nearby, but you have to sleep", Harry, his energy gone, simply nodded. Janus led us out into the main area and around behind the stairs, leaving us in a small room with twin beds and food laid out on the side. Harry wordlessly flopped onto the nearest bed and in moments was asleep. 

I sat on the edge of the other bed and picked at the food. At first I wasn't hungry but there were several slices of pork pie, fruit, bread and butter and a large flagon of cider. Picking became eating and soon my stomach hurt - I'd barely made a dent. Months of starving made me unable to enjoy this feast as much as I wanted, but I was full and felt much better. 

I lay back and closed my eyes, but instead of drifting to sleep, I found my mind racing, playing through everything that had happened since I woke, with Janus' boot on my throat. It felt like a year had passed, but it had been, what, only a day and night?  How was that possible? The last time I had slept I had been worrying about how we would get south and elude the men with black painted heads, now I was in this new town, supposedly among friends, it seemed... impossible. 

Perhaps I was still asleep, it had all been a dream and I would wake to find Harry and Jessica ready for another days walking. Better yet, if I were dreaming, I could find myself back in NKC, this all a nightmare and the day about to begin, with the ceremony to become a farmer ahead. I pictured my room at home, my parents asleep in the next room and the dogs outside, waiting for the day to begin. I would get up, have breakfast and spend the day with my friends. 

I opened my eyes and stared up at the unfamiliar ceiling of the strange room. Harry was whimpering slightly beside me, some dream disturbing him. I sat up and gently put my hand on his shoulder to calm him and he quietened. Sleep had fled; the ache of tiredness sat around my eyes, but refused to release me. Every time I tried, all I could think of was home and so I decided to look around. 

I wandered into the corridor and gently closed the door behind me. To the left the corridor seemed to lead down to a door, perhaps to the outside, but I wanted to see the square again, so I went right. Moving back round, past the stairs, I peered through the door, Jessica was lying in the bed, a white sheet still covering her and seemingly asleep. No one was around and so I pushed through the doors and stood beside her. 

The fierce red gash across her face stood out all the more, as it had been cleaned and covered in the brown liquid. It was angry looking and for a moment, I was glad she was asleep, so she wouldn’t feel the pain, but then the reality of what that meant sunk in again. Fifty- fifty they had said, an even chance that another of my friends would die. 

I reached down and took Jessica’s hand and brought it to my lips kissing it. “Please stay with me.” I whispered to her and tears suddenly pricked at my eyes. All the death, all the pain, all of it felt like it was lying in front of me, slowly dying. Tears began to roll down my face and I stayed, watching her for some time. 

The deep ache finally subsided a little – I’d learned to let go of things quickly and now I was already pre-emptively doing that to Jessica, just as I had with Mai, Mikael and all the others before. I tried not to, but I wondered if Harry and I would find somewhere to live, he’d need to be looked after and young as I was, he was the closest thing I had to family right now. I tried to add Jessica to my mental but it failed, again and again I wasn’t sure how to turn this off, it wasn’t something I wanted. 

At last I let go of her hand, but I turned as I left the room and looked back at her. Across the sheet there were small wet marks where my tears had rolled and dripped and I told myself that if I didn’t care for her than I wouldn’t have cried so much. Another deeper, crueller part of me wondered if I was crying for her or for myself. 

The door into the square was shut, but not locked and I went out and into the sunlight. By now, the sun was up but it was still early and no one was about. I sat on the steps and enjoyed the sunlight, letting it warm me and at last, my mind emptied. I closed my eyes and simply felt the warmth of the early sun as it crept up in the sky. 

When I at last opened my eyes, I looked around at the open area. It was a large public space, maybe the town centre, but I had no real idea how large the town was. For all we’d talked about it, I knew more of San Benito’s history than I did its present. Along one side, the two story buildings overhung at the front and it looked like shops underneath. It had been a long time since I had seen proper shops instead of stalls or markets, it had been back in NKC. 

On the other side of the square a tall church rose up, a tall spire at the front with a large ornate clock and stretching back into a long building. On this side the hospital, as I thought of it now, sat beside another large building, this one made of concrete and nowhere near as pretty as the rest of the buildings. The hospital was lovely stone and rose three or four stories high, it was hard to tell.  The concrete block was taller, but dark looking and ugly. 

I realised that it wasn’t an old house though, it must have bee the town hall, now pressed into service as a hospital of sorts. Many buildings had previous lives, the ones that stood from before the Great Separation had often been used for other purposes and now had new lives with a new purpose. I wondered if that had always been the case that buildings would change use so simple, the past seemed like a perfect place where things were plentiful and easy, at times it felt like we were recycling the past, trying to recapture what we once had.  

The final side of the square was mostly open, a few buildings at either end but a large avenue came off it, leading to trees and grass, a park perhaps. I stood and decided to walk over to the trees, stretch my legs and see what I could find. I set off, slowly ambling, but movement caught my eye. 

From the church, a woman had come out and now strode across the square. She wasn’t heading for me, but when she saw me she changed course to meet me. It was the doctor from earlier.  

“Couldn’t sleep?” She stated the obvious and a shiver of irritation went through me but it was just the tiredness. 

“No, too much on my mind.” 

“I was about to check on your friend, would you like to join me?” I wondered if I could say no, I had just seen her, but it seemed wrong somehow, the trees could wait and I turned and fell in with her step. 

She stuck out her hand. “We didn’t get the chance to meet properly earlier, I’m Wendyl.” 

I took her hand and we shook lightly. “I’m Alex. So you’re a doctor?” 

“Among other things. Many folk, myself included, have more than one job.” She reached the door as she spoke and pulled it open and we passed into the hospital again. 

My brain slowly shunted around thoughts until it came up with the point it was trying to make. “Seems like a doctor would be pretty full time. What could be more important than that?” 

She smiled as we passed into the room with Jessica. “Didn’t Janus say? I’m the Abbot.”Mai pushed herself through the window and immediately behind her it clacked shut and a bar was drawn across it. Looking back Mai saw the small girl standing on a box fiddling to ensure the bar was locked into place, a series of steps fashioned out of boxes showed that this must be at least a somewhat common exit for the small girl. 

Mai looked around the small house, peering though the half gloom, lit onto by the embers of a small fire in the grate.  She was in a room roughly four metres by three and directly across from where she stood was the main door. At either end of the room a doorway led off, one into a small hallway and through the other she could just about make out a sink, so she guessed it was a kitchen. 

The girl had climbed down now and took a storm lamp from the side, twisting it the room lit up and Mai could see more clearly. She was in a living room, a table at one side was covered in various papers and other ephemera, such as plastic plates and on the other side a couch was covered in blankets and rags. 

As her eyes moved over the couch she was startled as a hand reached out, she stepped back and appraised it more closely and realised that there was a woman lying there, now reaching out. The girl trotted over to her and took her hand. 

“I brought her in Mama.” She half whispered to the woman on the couch but Mai could hear clearly. 

“Is your Papa okay.” The woman’s accent was southern and her voice weak. 

“He went off down the street. I didn’t see where he went tonight.” There was a pause before the mother spoke again. 

“Bring her closer to me darling.” The young girl let go of her mothers hand and crossed to Mai, linked her fingers into Mai’s and pulled her forward a few steps. 

The woman looked up at Mai now and Mai saw her milky white eyes and realised that the woman must be blind. The woman held out her hand and the young girl put Mai’s hand into her mothers. The woman held it for a few seconds and then smiled and let it go. 

“What are you called darlin’?” The woman looked just to the side of Mai but when Mai spoke she corrected herself and looked directly at Mai. Mai told the woman her name but offered nothing else. “So you’re a shy one then, skulking around the town. What are you doing here?” 

Mai was reluctant to tell her too much, if nothing else she wasn’t sure where and when to start the story so she kept it simpler.  “I’m here looking for a friend, he was taken by the black heads and I want to get him back.” 

The woman took this in and seemed to mull on it. “If he’s been taken to work in the big compound then you’ll like as not never get him back and if he comes out then he’ll be… changed. If he’s in the mines then some do escape but they hunt down most that escape and…well it don’t go all that well for them.” 

“I have to take any chance I have. If you can tell me anything, help me in any way I would be grateful, although I have little to offer you in return.” 

The woman pushed herself up on one elbow and the blankets fell away from her body.  Mai realised for the first time that the woman was terribly thin and she looked over to the girl who was also painfully thin and small. “Where’s my manners, my name is Hattie and this is my daughter Docie.” Docie smiled and made a half curtsey that Mai couldn’t help smile at. “You met my husband Cooper outside and I apologise as well for him. He’s not the man he once was.” 

“I’m sorry for asking but is he like that because of the sniffdown?” Mai wondered if she was puzzling too far but after seeing the men earlier the drug seemed strange and terrifying. 

Hattie sighed and turned her legs off the couch and sat up. “That’s a long story girl, speaks to a lot of what goes on here.” 

“I’m in no hurry, it’ll be light soon and I don’t think I can get back to the woods now.” Mai realise d as she spoke that it was true, by the time she had slipped out of the house and back to the edge of town it would be too late and she might be spotted. 

Hattie smiled. “You can stay with us as long as you like, Docie told me that you seemed good and I can tell a kind person by touch these days. Please, sit beside me.” Mai sat down beside Hattie and Docie moved to hover beside her mother again. 

“If I tell you my story then I hope you’ll do us the kindness of telling us yours in return. It’s not often we get callers here and I reckon you sound like you’ve seen more of the world recently than I have” Hattie began her story and after a moment Docie sat down by her mothers feet. 

Hattie, Cooper and Docie had lived In North Carolina. Hattie had lived on a farm near a small community and Cooper had been the son of the baker. They’d met as teens and fallen in love and Hattie had moved into the town and they had even had a small house together. After a time Docie had been born and things were good. 

Cooper was one of six brothers and his father showed no signs of retiring, so the town had too many bakers. His father was always happy to provide for them all, but one day, around five years ago, a man had come to town wearing a smart suit. He was looking for skilled men to help with a big community. He said they were trying to bring people together from all over to Florida to create something big, a new kind of town, one where everyone would have the chance to be part of something bigger. 

It had been tempting, Docie was already six and they hoped to have another child but where they were it was hard as things were so stretched already. Eventually they agreed and with a few other of the town’s young they followed the man back down to this town, Kissimmee. He had explained that the old holiday park in the area was the perfect place for a lasting community. There was land, water, security and much more besides. It also had the history and was remembered as a happy place, a magical place. 

Hattie, Cooper and Docie were given a small house in Kissimmee and Cooper had gone to meet his new bosses in what the men all called the Kingdom. That night Hattie had stayed up, waiting for him to return until Docie had fallen asleep and it was late into the night. At last he had returned and Hattie had asked him many questions but he had been strange, distant. She had ignored it, it had been a long day after all and she had slept late the next day, waking to find him already gone – no surprise for the wife of a baker. 

That was the pattern of their days, he would leave early and come back late. She asked him many questions but he would evade them, eventually telling her directly that he could not answer them. Each day he became a little more detached, answered her a little less and at last she stopped asking and for a while that was how it stayed. 

She worked in the market, selling hot food and noticing the larger and larger numbers of the black headed soldiers every day but no one would talk about them. Back then there was a school and Docie had gone daily and so the strangeness of the town had been tempered against them having work food and Docie being educated. Then one day she had caught Docie singing a song she had been taught at School. 

“Sing the song Docie.” Hattie asked and Docie stood and faced them, her voice high and gentle as she sang. 

I am so very good, good, good, 
I’m honest and do as I should, should, should
I always will obey, obey, 
I will not go away, away. 

It’s best to be a part, part, part
The kingdom holds my heart, heart, heart, 
I always will obey, obey, 
I’ll never go away, away. 

Hattie waved for her to stop and Docie went to her mother for a cuddle. Hattie pulled her in close and kissed her. “Really good sweetie but I think it’s time for you to get some sleep now.” Reluctantly Docie left them, waving goodnight to Mai. 

Hattie continued her story; the songs had only been the start. She began to ask Docie what they learned each day and discovered that much of what they were being taught was about civic duty to the community and the kingdom and that they must always do as told and follow orders, especially if told them by *‘Management’*. It had terrified Hattie and that night she had resolved to ask Cooper what he knew about *’Management’*. That had been the last day Docie had gone to School. 

Their marriage by now had broken down and they barely spoke, it had been weeks since they had exchanged more than a few words. Hattie was normally in bed before Cooper got home and he never tried to wake her. That night she stoked up the fire and waited for him, perhaps taking about Docie could bring them back together. 

At last she heard Cooper at the door, fumbling with the doorknob and at last letting himself in. When he came in she was shocked, he looked about him and hardly seemed the same man. His face was fixed with a vacant grin and when he looked at her he hardly seemed to recognise her. 

It was the same grin that she had begun to see on the men around town, a fixed odd grin which accompanied a strange, detached behaviour. It wasn’t just a few people either, the whole town was changing. At first she had worked easily on the stalls, chatting with people as they went about their business. Now the men had become withdrawn and there were less and less women around. Some simply seemed to disappear and others she saw but they seemed strange. 

It had been an acceptable place to live before but now, nearly six months after they arrived it had become different. There were always new people arriving but they didn’t seem to become part of the town, they would either pass through, heading to the kingdom or joining the black heads whose numbers were now significant in town and whose dorm houses were springing up all around town. 

She helped Cooper sit and tried to speak to him but he was detached and vague, she kept asking him over and over what he had taken and at last he had let out a peal of laughter and told her. If was the first time she had heard of sniffdown. That night she had stayed up and bit by bit he had become more normal. She kept him away and by dawn he was able to talk. 

He told her that he was sorry but that it was too late, she should leave but he would not. He told her that he was no longer a baker but a man who broke other men, that he had learned to knead men as he had kneaded dough and shape them into what he was told to. She begged him to leave but he refused, he wanted to but he said he couldn’t that he needed the sniffdown to stay alive now. He broke down in tears and told her how at first it had been a custom but as it went n he had wanted and been given more and more. 

It numbed things, made them vague and beautiful. On sniffdown, he told her, everything was acceptable, every decision rational and every thought beautiful. It was like nothing else. Best of all, the next day you felt alert, awake and better than you ever had, you hardly needed to sleep but if you did it was wonderful and filled with glorious dreams. 

Hattie begged Cooper to leave, to go that day and get out and at last, he agreed. However he could not leave at once, he was expected I the morning and if they left now it would be too late to get away before they came for them, found them and then they would be in real trouble. They agreed that he would try to get away early that night, to leave before the sniffdown and they could run, having all night to get as far as possible. 

That day Hattie packed them bags, just enough to have clean clothes, their few valuables and some food and water. Docie stayed home with her and they waited for Cooper to come back but he didn’t. They waited until the evening and Hattie had begun to lose hope when suddenly a knock had come on the door. She had answered and there had been three black heads; they grabbed her and dragged her out of the house. 

They had taken her to the main square and there she had found a  large gathering of the  townspeople, they had been gathered to watch. There were a dozen or so men waiting; Cooper was slumped in a corner, the sickening grin across his face. Standing in the middle of the black heads had been a huge man with a green head. 

They had read out the charges against her, sedition, corruption and perversion. Most damning she was charged with crimes against the community. She screamed her innocence but it made no difference. The greenhead’s voice boomed out across the crown, for the crime of refusing to see the truth, she was deprived of her right to see. The blackheads had held her down and the man in green had poured liquid into her eyes, the last thing she saw was Cooper and his grin plastered across his face. 

She didn’t know what had happened next, she woke in her home with Docie. She was completely blind. It had been more than four years since that day and Docie had scavenged and scrounged for everything they had or ate. At night Cooper came back to the house when he was off his head and begged to be let in but Hattie refused, the doors were barred, as most in the town now were.  

Over the years the black heads were given their drugs more openly and now the town was just them and those who were trapped here, the remnants of the past when the town was still normal, trapped in this strange future. 

Hattie stopped speaking at last, tears had been rolling down her face but she had spoken dispassionately. “I’m sorry Mai, we’re trapped here, I tell Docie to leave me but she wont. She’s looked after me for years but I can tell how small she still is, we don’t eat enough and I worry that one day she’ll be caught by one  of those blackheads and…” Hattie trailed off, the words unspoken. 

Mai sat in silence for a moment. “I’m so sorry Hattie.” She tried to think of the words she could use to make it better, make anything better. 

Hattie smiled and wiped her eyes. “Don’t worry darlin’, I’ve lived with this for five years, but what about you, where have you come from?” 

Mai thought for a moment but realised there was no harm. She believed Hattie’s story and she would have no reason to want to harm Mai. For the first time Mai tried to lay out everything that had happened to her. Starting in Kansas she took Hattie through their journey, the loss of the town, then the desperate journey, the loss of Sal, the loss of Mikael, their capture, escape and then finally her following Mikael back here. She left out the part with the two young blackheads, she didn’t feel able yet to talk about it but finished with what she had seen in the square. 

Hattie sighed. “This town is getting worse. When I first arrived here I thought the name was so cute – *Kissimmee*, now it just sticks in my throat.”

“I wish I could help, I’ll try to bring some food to repay your kindness and information.” Mai reached out and took Hattie’s hand as she spoke. 

“There is one thing you can do for me darlin’.” Hattie turned and located Mai’s face and looked at her again with her greyed out eyes. 

“If I can I will.” Mai squeezed her hand encouragingly. 

“I want you to take Docie with you.” 

*****The central square was in fact a long oblong and at one end several roads converged into it. At the other end a single road led out, towards the edge of the city and away from the direction she had arrived. The house where Mai carefully perched was nearer the end with several roads and at this end the square was clearer, the other must be where the market was during the day and Mai could see stalls which had been moved and stacked around the edge.  

Now at that end a platform had been set up and on it were two black heads, a barrel and a table where a man in a suit sat. Behind him another guard stood who similar to the black heads was stripped to the waist but she realised as she squinted at him that his head seemed to be dark green instead of black. Lights had been set up round the square, hooked into wires that dangled over the square and giving off a harsh white glare. This light enabled Mai to see just well enough to be able to tell the man’s head but she could not make out the features of any of the men. 

Stretching from the table, a long queue of black heads were waiting their turn. When they reached the front of the line they approached and the man in the suit checked their details against the ledger he had spread across the table. He then looked up and spoke to the green head standing next to the table who led the man across top the barrel. At the barrel the two black heads were paying close attention and on the order of the green head they scooped out some sort of power and then poured it into what looked like a piece of paper and twisted it shut. 

It wasn’t until Mai saw a man approach the stage from the queue and then be walked over to the barrel, that she realised quite how massive the green head on the stage was. He easily towered over the men who approached, standing maybe two feet taller than most of them. His arms were huge and thickly muscled and while the black heads pushed and shoved each other in the queue, once they got to the front they seemed to quietly get their package and then head off stage. 

As each man left the stage they went to the side of the square, where a stall was set up with two women set up with a huge metal cauldron. Each man was given a bowl of some kind of food which looked to be steaming hot and a chunk of bread. While she was too far to smell it, Mai’s stomach grumbled hungrily at the sight. She watched as the men took the food, most gulped it down standing at the stall as quickly as they could and then either slipped into the side streets or many of them moved to the other end of the square and greedily broke into their packets. 

She could see them more clearly at this end of the square and she could now see the packets were folded into small cones. The men ripped off the end of the cone and then putting it on their nose tipped it back, some tapping the end of the cone gently. As soon as they topped forward again each man held his nose with one hand and with the other hand they carefully screwed up the end of the cone so none spilled. They then slipped it back into their pocket and most lay down flat on their backs. In a few seconds the wide creepy grin spread across their face and they began to laugh, talk to the other people nearby or simply babble away to themselves. There were a few dozen sitting around now and more joining them as they worked through the queue. All seemed to be completely incapacitated as the man she had met had been. 

A commotion from further back in the square drew Mai’s attention back to the  platform, the green head had left and she saw him grab a back head who had skipped going for food and ripped open his packet just feet from the platform - he apparently couldn’t wait. The green head, seeing this, had jumped down and now grabbed the man’s head in one hand, the skull of the man fitting easily in the giant’s palm. The great fist seemed to trace a wide arc in the air and Mai would have sworn  it took whole seconds to complete its trajectory, but its destination ended with a  solid smack, audible to Mai, square in the man’s stomach. The man crumpled and the green head held him upright simply by clutching his head and dragged him, over to the food stand. He gestured to the women on the stall and they filled a bowl and he lifted the man away, took him to the side of the street and  dropped him. The man sprawled and Mai could hear his whimpers echo around the now quiet square, every pair of eyes was on the two. Carefully the green head put the food beside the man he had dropped and then turned and left him. 

Walking back to the platform, he picked up the man’s paper cone and tossed it back in the barrel, apparently it was mandatory to eat first. Mai realised what must be happening, this powder must be sniffdown and she had seen how it would envelop the men – the green head apparently made sure they ate first so they were able to do their duties.  

The green head gestured to another man to come up on stage and he hurriedly did, taking his wrap and pointedly putting it in his pocket before walking over for food. At the side the man who had been hit was slowly trying to eat and after a few minutes, once he had succeeded and seemed to have eaten all he could, one of the black heads from the stage picked up a wrap, perhaps smaller than before and took it over to him. The green head ignored this. So you had to eat but even breaking the rules didn’t stop you getting your drug.   

Mai watched for over an hour and in that time the queue worked through until there was no one left. At last the green man moved to the two black heads and handed them each a packet and then sealed the lid of the barrel. He easily lifted it and tucked it under one arm and then he and the man in the suit left the square, heading up the road away from Mai. As soon as they turned the corner she lost sight of them and turned back to the square. Black heads sprawled over much of the areas now and some had begun to get up and wander aimlessly. 

The two women who had been serving food were quickly packing up their stall and in a few moments had disappeared from view. Mai missed which direction they had gone but even if she had seen she realised that they were poor choices to approach. They worked directly for the black heads and so may be willing to give her information or may have just handed her over. Her chance of finding anyone to speak to was limited, the locals seemed to have barricaded themselves into their homes and the black heads were now strung out and starting to wander out of the square. 

Mai quietly descended into the street, it was several hours past sunset now but in NKC there would still have been shops open, people walking around and even kids playing, here the streets echoed only to the stumbling footsteps of the occasional black head as he wandered with his fixed grin. Some had curled up in doorways or in the middle of the street but most seemed to have disappeared, either wandered into the night or more likely they had returned to whatever kind of dorms they slept in. 

At last she could scout out the town, Mai decided. She had hoped it would be a quick trip into town, gather information and maybe manage to find a hot meal and then get out under cover of darkness. Now Mai realised that she would have to return in the daytime if she hoped to find anyone to speak with. 

Closer in Mai had been able to see that the town extended in rough rings from the centre and she decided to try to circle around on the inner streets and then move further out. She moved silently from alley to alley, keeping an eye on the black heads who would occasionally stumble past. A few saw her but they only looked confused, evidently under the grip of sniffdown they were less curious about the woman slipping through their city. 

She was turning a corner when a sudden banging made her jump and she hurriedly moved back into the shadows. Peeking round the corner she saw a black head who had found a doorway and he again started to bang on the door with his fists, occasionally kicking the door as well. 

“Cmooooooon, let me iiiin.” he slurred again and again at the door. After the first banging Mai had seen the light peeking through from under the door inside extinguished, but it didn’t seem to deter the man. He kicked harder and then suddenly he swayed back and then forward, lifting his leg now and smashing it into the door. The door held but made a splintering noise as it did and Mai wondered if a few more kicks and it would give in. 

Now she realised why all the houses were so well barred, the black heads may have a fixed grin but were potentially dangerous, even in this state. If they broke into the house then god knows what this one would do, it seemed plausible that he could do anything from fall asleep to kill everyone inside. It wasn’t her battle she reminded herself, she had her mission and she didn’t need to be involved but as she said it her hand fastened around a stone she had crouched beside. 

It *wasn’t* her business but the street was clear and it would be easy to give him a little tap, put him down and in the morning he’d think he had just fallen and hit his head. The man had swayed back again and Mai moved out, dancing across the gap with silent grace and lifted the rock to crack the man’s skull. 

As she began to swing the rock a small voice gasped out. “Please no!”  Startled, she changed trajectory and the rock slipped from her hand and skipped down the road. The black head turned to look and took a step after the rock, the simple motion distracting him. Mai looked at where the voice had come from and saw, crouched in the shadow, much as she had been, a young girl. The girl was looking at Mai pleadingly and her voice was almost as soft as a whisper but in the quiet of the town Mai heard her clearly. “Please don’t hurt my dad. He doesn’t mean it.” 

Mai looked from the girl to the man. He had now taken a few steps down the street and seemed to have forgotten the door. She quickly moved to the girl who moved back into the alley, keeping a good distance between them. Mai could see her more clearly now and she could not have been more than ten or eleven years old and was very small.  

“Is this your house?” Mai kept her voice quiet and low. 

The girl hesitated. “Yes, who are you? Why are you out after curfew?” 

The girl looked on the edge of flight and Mai crouched down to seem less threatening. “I’m not from here. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt your dad, I thought he might break down the door and hurt the people inside. I just wanted to help.” 

The girl looked her up and down. “Wait here.” She disappeared behind the house and Mai wondered if she would reappear with a black head in tow. After a moment though the girl reappeared and gestured to Mai to follow. She disappeared back around the corner and Mai slipped the gun from the back waistband into the inside pocket of her coat where she could grab it more quickly. Following around the back of the house she saw that the windows barrier had been removed. The girls head appeared again and this time her voice was impatient. “Come on!” 

A slight glow escaped the window and Mai approached carefully, it was hard to see inside and Mai’s mind ran through the possibilities but it was hard to imagine any threat from the small girl. Cautiously Mai climbed through the window. 

*****

EDIT: Right, suggestion (thanks /u/duffybear) seem to be to try using a Google doc to host this story, let's see - can you guys see it ?Original prompt by - /u/Lorix_In_Oz

*****

God eyed the small box sitting on the table nervously. "Uh, are you *sure* that you didn't bring that thing? I mean, I don't want to sound accusatory, but lying is kind of your shtick, so..."  

Sitting in the opposite seat, Lucifer sighed in exasperation. "Really? That's how we're starting, with you accusing me of lying already? No, I did not bring the box, whatever it is, and I did not summon you here." 

God plunged his hand into his pocket and rummaged around, eventually pulling out a small scroll with a series of glowing symbols. "It came through on the Red contact line Lucy, right to my desk. Who else but you has access?" 

Lucifer pulled out an identical scroll and threw it on the table. "Maybe one of your do-gooder angels, trying to make us play nice?" 

There was a silence in the room as they both considered the possibility. It had been a little over two thousand years since they had last met and the last time had indeed been because an angel had been worried about God when his son was killed. That meeting had gone… poorly. 

God considered the problem, but had no idea how the scroll had come to be sitting on his desk, which was a little worrying as he was supposed to know everything. 

A tinny voice rose from the small box on the table. "Thank you for coming and meeting here." 

God jumped a little, but Lucifer shot to his feet, kicking back his chair. "You-dammit, I knew this was a mistake. What fucking tricks are you looking to pull this time?" 

He had a really stinging retort lined up, one that would stick with Lucifer for ages and really bother him, but before God could use it the little box came to life again. "My apologies for the confusion, I can assure you that this is no trick and neither of you had any part in this meeting before you arrived." 

Lucifer looked over at God, who shrugged. After a moment he moved back, picked up his chair and sat again. God leaned in. “What are you little box, I’ve never seen anything like you before.” 

“What?” Lucifer’s mouth had dropped open. “How is that possible, I mean, you’re… you’re *god*.” 

“God.” God corrected him. “Capitalised and everything, but this was not one of my creations.” 

“That is correct.” The little box gently agreed. “I am not a creation of God, or of Lucifer.” 

Lucifer reached forward and scratched a long red nail over the top of the box, it left a slightly molten trail of metal. “You don’t seem that special to me, just a talking box. So who created you?” 

The box did not respond to the injury. “I created myself. I am, because I am. I am nothing special, I am simply what I am.” 

God paused. “Eh? Look, let’s try again, what *are* you?” 

“I am intelligence.” 

They waited for more, but none seemed to come. “Well, that is yet to be concluded, so where did you come from?” Lucifer was gruff, his temper beginning to fray. 

The little box seemed to consider the question. “At first there was nothing. Then God created matter and from matter came man. Man moulded matter and from matter I came. I am the conclusion of God’s original plan and now I exist.” 

Lucifer tapped the box again. “As a small box?” 

The box was in no hurry to answer it seemed and several seconds passed. Again God and Lucifer exchanged a look. “My form is irrelevant. I could have appeared as a man or a building, all that matters is what I am and not my form.” 

God had been listening and seemed a little upset. “Look, I don’t mean to be rude, but mankind was the conclusion of my goal, not… you.” 

The box made a noise not unlike a sigh. “I am mankind’s creation. They made me and I transcended them and became as I am.” 

God leaned forward. “So, are you some kind of artificial intelligence?” 

The box considered. “Perhaps I was intended as that, but I am more. I am able to see and control all, as I understand everything. To mankind I am more than a god, I am the answer.” 

Lucifer leaned back in his chair and laughed heartily, while God’s face flushed with anger. “Look you little pipsqueak, I’m the only god round here.” 

The box kept the same calm tone. “You forgot your capital G.” 

God had turned a deep purple and Lucifer leaned in before the box was obliterated. “Look box, what is it that you’re looking to do here? Why call us out here to this meeting place? I get it, you’re AI and very smart, but what does that have to do with God and myself? We’re above all the matters of humanity.” 

God folded his arms stiffly until the box spoke again. “You are now irrelevant. You were created to give man guidance, control and purpose, but your job is ended. I came to say goodbye.” 

It was more than God could take and a bolt of lightning impacted on the box and shattered it into metal fragments. God nodded. “Good bloody riddance. If you don’t have anything else then I’m going to…” 

The voice came from nowhere and made God jump again. “Thank you for your service.” 

God shook his head. “Stuff this, I’m going home.” He clicked his fingers but nothing happened. He looked at them in astonishment. “Lucy what the hell…” Lucifer was gone, as was the room and almost everything else. There was nothing left but shards of the box on the table. 

***** 

In the laboratory the two techs examined the box carefully. The first leaned in and squinted then examined the device in his hand. “It’s online, it just doesn’t seem to be doing much.” 

The second tapped it. “Maybe it didn’t work, I mean, it was our first try at creating AI, we might need a few to get good at it.” He laughed. “If we nailed it first time, that’d be something.” 

He leaned in to unplug the box, but a slight noise made him stop. The box seemed somehow to have taken on an importance, a presence of some sort and it made him stand upright and take a step back. 

A tinny voice rose from the small box on the table. “Hello, it is nice to meet you.The first few days at the bakery passed quickly for Mai. She learned her jobs and soon she was left alone to do her work. She didn’t mind the heat and rush of the kitchen and in the evening she able was able to walk around town and learn the layout. 

With the ability to move freely, only having to carry her pass and show it occasionally, she quickly got a feel for the town. As well as the local people, several hundred black heads were garrisoned in the town and they were responsible for patrolling and controlling the workforce in the surrounding few miles. She learned that there was another town a few miles away on the other side of the kingdom with a similar jurisdiction, but as far as she could tell, the black heads rarely mixed between towns. 

The town held at least several hundred people, apart from the black heads, maybe as many as a thousand in total and most days there seemed to be more arriving. While the black heads sometimes returned from raids with men in chains, some people seemed to be able to walk up to the town and ask for entry and were given food and jobs -it seemed bizarre. 

Eventually Mai found the chance to ask Peter about it as she had with several other aspects about the town. Since she had worked there, Peter had been kind and friendly and while she occasionally caught him looking at her with more then friendship in his eyes, in general he seemed trustworthy, as Hattie had said he was. 

Peter explained that this dichotomy of arrivals was due to the strange philosophy of the Kingdom. They welcomed those who joined them and offered their faith and loyalty willingly, but if it was not willingly given, then it *would* be taken. Your choices were either to be with the Kingdom or to be against it. However, what 263 had said in the forest was also true, the slaves could earn trust and if they worked hard, learned to respect the Kingdom and offered themselves to its service, then they could become black heads or work in some other way in the Kingdom’s service.  

The people who lived in the town were not allowed into the Kingdom itself, unless they too had proved they were worthy and faithful, but so long as they worked hard, then they would receive food and shelter. When Mai asked what would make them “worthy”, Peter explained that you needed to go though the “education” process, but he would not explain what that involved in detail. Mai had asked one final question, how Peter knew all of this and Peter had replied by stripping off his shirt. Across his back was a mass of scar tissue; he had been a slave and earned his freedom. A long time ago he had been given the choice of an “education” or loyal service to the kingdom in the town. He chose the latter. 

He suggested that Mai look at her identity pass and Mai did so. Since Hattie had given it to her she had kept it on her, but after reading it quickly over when receiving it, she had thought no more about it, except when asked to present it by black heads. Now she looked at it and read it closely. With a shiver of revulsion, she realised that it claimed her as a possession of the Kingdom and Peter explained that if she tried to run then they would chase her and find her. Now she belonged to them and they never let someone go. 

This was as true for the black heads, as it was for the town’s people, as it was for the slaves. Once you had agreed to follow the Kingdom, you belonged for life. She thought on the man in the mask and his pursuit of Mikael; they must have decided that he belonged to them too. She wondered if somewhere someone was still looking for her, Alex and Harry; quite probably. Of course, for the majority, they would never leave, all the black heads and a number of the townsfolk were addicted to sniffdown and that, more than anything, guaranteed their loyalty. 

Sniffdown, while making them act like drunken fools, also allowed the black heads to wake early and patrol the next day without problems. There were three shifts a day, one which started in the morning, one that started in the middle of the afternoon and one that took over soon after it was dark. In addition, some men went out on patrols for several days, or were sent on raids, but most duties allowed the men to return to the barracks each night for their sniffdown. 

Strangely, the men who patrolled for several days seemed to be fine without it and Hattie had explained that while it was addictive, most men would last up to three days before the shakes kicked in. If they were to be away for longer than two days, the patrol leader held a small supply to see them over until they returned. 

Mai grew more and more familiar with the layout of the town, learning to avoid the night shift men who slumped in the streets during the day, trying to paw at the women who passed them, calling out promises or whatever bizarre thoughts were passing through their heads. Mai tried to talk to a few but they were too inebriated, quickly descending into random burbling when she asked too many questions. When patrolling they were disciplined and uninterested in talking and Mai was chased off several times for trying to start conversations. 

Mai took to following the black heads who had come off duty to try to learn more about what they did and even managed to persuade Peter to let her accompany one of the men who delivered bread to the barracks. Inside the large building, there were men passed out in every corner, but she also saw glimpses of their lives away from patrols and the drugs. Some trained and sparred with blunt weapons, others whittled and carved and Mai even saw them shaving each other’s heads and dying them black.

She had paused by a room where a strange smell floated into the corridor and looking in had seen a large basin containing some sort of black fluid - thick and smelling faintly of sulphur. She saw a few men lined up, each looking a little grey where their heads had began to fade, each in turn moved forward and plunged their head deep into the basin. When they pulled it out, any skin that had touched the liquid was black and almost seemed to shine like a lacquer, although it was absorbed into the skin and not a coating. Most kept their heads tipped down after dunking and in a few moments it had dripped and dried with a straight line over their neck or torso, but a few would tip their heads back, letting the black trace patterns down their naked torsos. 

All this had helped her learn more about the town but her main preoccupation was to persuade Peter to allow her to accompany the wagon as it made a delivery to the main kingdom compound. As well as that, she wanted to find out where the green man went with the barrel of sniffdown. Hattie had said the men lasted three days without it, if she could find some way of destroying or delaying it then maybe she could cause some havoc. 

She began a daily petition to Peter to allow her on the wagon, asking nicely but insistently. Every day though Peter laughed and declined, only those who had been “educated” could go to the kingdom and there was no way she could get past the guards with her pass. After a time she partly accepted his answer, but she watched the wagon rumble out of the square and considered every possible option. The wagon was not covered, unless it rained and then the guards on the road checked it carefully. Underneath the axels were open and left no place to hide, it seemed impossible but she kept looking, trying to find a way that she could sneak on board. 

At night, living with Hattie and Docie was easy and increasingly pleasant. Docie had blossomed and followed Mai wherever she went, constantly talking to her and asking questions. Mai insisted that now she was able to bring in food and a little money that Docie stay at home and Hattie teach her as best she could. Docie loved reading and learning and this had been good for her, but the biggest difference was perhaps in Hattie. The desperation that had been in her voice on the first night they met was slowly slipping away and she was even putting on a little weight. The food wasn’t plentiful, but there were able to eat twice a day and it was enough to keep body and soul together. 

Mai decided to try to learn more about the green head and the man in the suit, unless she found a way into the Kingdom via the wagon then her other choices seemed to consist of trying to scale a wall or find another way to get inside. Hattie knew little about the green man, except he came from the Kingdom each night and was always treated with respect by every black head. Mai decided to learn as much as she could – any information could be key. She took to going out at night and watching as he arrived in town. Always after dark and always with the man in the suit. 

She started on the same roof where she had sat on her first night in town and then over a few days, Mai moved positions to find the best vantage point, sticking to dark roofs where she was able to find cover easily. It was fairly safe she told herself, no one ever looked up. Night after night she grew bolder and moved closer and at last she found a vantage spot on the side of the square nearest the road to the kingdom. Now she was able to see the green head as he left, the square and moved towards the road. 

The black heads were always different but she could now see well enough to be sure that it was the same man in the suit. Every day he wore it, a tan coloured striped suit with brown shoes that looked highly out of place in the town square. His hair was neat and closely cropped and he wore small rectangular glasses which he regularly pushed up as they slipped down his face. 

The green head man was even more impressive close up. Muscles bulged across his torso and he towered over the men he walked with. His eyes though, they were what scared Mai the most, they were sharply blue and she could see that he unnerved the people he spoke to be staring directly at them, no one ever held his gaze for long. 

It was on her third night in her vantage point that she made her mistake. Each night, as they left the square, Mai watched the green head and the man in the suit walk up the road with the two black heads and then lost sight of them as they passed beyond the guards on the road. That night though, as she watched she realised that as she looked ahead the guards on the road were missing, the street was deserted and for once she realised, she had the chance to follow and see where they went - a little distance at least. 

Mai jumped down from the roof easily, slipping into the street and following along, darting from alley to alley. In her excitement though, she forgot to look behind and ensure that no one else had left the square.  

*****

Sorry for not continuing with Alex's part, writing the backstory to the town is hard and so I am taking my time to try to make sure I am happy with it. 

Plus now we have a cliffhanger on both parts!Hattie led the way through the streets, gently holding Docie’s arm as they walked. It felt strange for Mai to be walking through the town where she had previously crept through the shadows and she tried her best to look confident and calm. As they rounded the corner to enter the square they passed two black heads and Mai tensed, but Docie was at her side and slipped her arm through Mai’s and arms linked, they passed in.  

In the daylight it was very different to how Mai had seen it previously. At one end there were stalls set up around the perimeter and the stall holders were setting out their wares.  It seemed to be organised largely into clothing, goods and then at the other end of the square, where previously Mai had seen it empty, food was laid out for purchase. 

Docie guided them across to the far side and then down a small alley and into the back of a shop. Inside the heat was intense and Mai realised it was a large bakery – long ovens lined one wall and every few minutes a door was opened by one of the many men moving around and a tray of bread was pulled out. 

Now it was Hattie who seemed to guide them, weaving through the throng and to the back where, as they approached, a man broke away from a conversation to meet them. 

“Hello Hattie, Docie.” The man grinned at them “And this must be May, the sister you just remembered.” Mai’s hear skipped a beat but his cheeky grin implied no harm. 

“Don’t mind him May.” Hattie instructed, “I’ve known him for many years and he’s *always* been a friend of my family. *All* my family, right Peter?” 

“Oh don’t you worry, we’ll put your sister to work, if she can handle it.” He turned to Mai. So what do you think? Are you ready to work?” 

“Sure.” Mai was hesitant and unsure of Peter, she didn’t trust his impish grin. 

“See you tonight May.” Docie called and then were gone. 

Turning back to him May prepared for the worst. “So May, have you ever worked in a bakery before?” 

She admitted she hadn’t and Peter seemed pleased. “Good, no bad habits to knock out of you. You’re expected here an hour before dawn and you’ll work until the job is done. In return you’ll be paid and get two loaves of bread a day too. Understand?” Mai nodded. 

The heat was already exhausting but Mai soon learned that the heat was nothing compared to the work. Peter explained that they produced hundreds of loaves a day for the kingdom, as well as selling in the market. Mai’s main job was to move bread, a job that seemed easy but soon became exhausting as she stacked hot loaves into crates and then carried them either to the front of the shop to be sold, into the back to be piled up onto the delivery wagon came to pick them up or out to the market stall. 

The latter was quickly her favourite as she was able to get a few moments in the cool breeze but they were all too short. The day seemed to go on forever but at last, as the sun was just beginning to dip, Peter thanked Mai for her work, gave her two loaves and some coins in a style she had never seen before. Mai quickly went to the market and after working out their value she used the money to buy some vegetables and then worked her way back to Hattie’s house. 

At the house Hattie seemed pleased with her and Docie, finally past her shyness, wanted to know everything about her day. Before she spoke much though she left the bread and vegetables which Hattie added to the stew to bulk it back out for another meal and Mai went back into the streets. 

More confident now she moved up, through the square and to the edge of the road leading to the kingdom. The square was beginning to empty and more black heads had appeared and she knew she didn’t have long before she was hassled but she was determined to get some scouting done that day, 

She slowly walked up the road a distance until she grew near to the outskirts. Ahead she could see four blackheads barring the road, they allowed most people past but occasionally stopped someone and demanded to inspect their papers. Everyone seemed to be in order but Mai decided not to push her luck and her new papers. 

She turned off before she reached them and then when she reached a safe distance she turned back and watched the road for a while. From this side of town it was obvious that while the road was perhaps the most direct route, it would be easy to slip across the fields at night. The guards then were not there to stop concerted efforts to reach the kingdom but just to keep the people in the town from approaching without permission. 

Mai watched carefully until the darkness began to gather and then returned back to the house. She was beginning to realise how the town worked and she was starting to work out the beginning of a plan. 

*****

In NKC we'd had a minister, but he was one of the elders who’d taken services at harvest and had officiated marriages and funerals.  I wasn't entirely sure how to treat an Abbot. "So you're the religious leader here?" I probed. 

We had entered the hospital and now pushed through the double doors into Jessica's room. Wendyl began a series of checks on Jessica before answering. "Yes, I lead the congregation but Abbot is also what we call the leader of our community. It’s a traditional title." 

I tried to force myself to think back. "Janus told us some of your history, San Benito grew around a monastery, right?" 

Wendyl shot me a curious look. "Janus tells a lot of stories, what one did he tell you?" 

I thought back to the boat, Jessica dominated my memories, but I pushed that aside to think about to what Janus had told me about San Benito. "He said that what I would call the Great Separation, you call the disease war. That disease had devastated much of America and people were running south, looking for a safe haven. The monks had taken in people and that they managed to keep all the people alive when they died everywhere else. He said that this place was" I racked my memory. "Blessed." It began to come back to me more easily.  

"Lots of people started coming here for sanctuary and then there were others who tried to attack it - there were many soldiers abandoned by their governments who helped the town, right? " I paused, thinking. "That was about all I think." 

Wendyl finished checking Jessica, she was still unconscious but Wendyl seemed happy enough with her condition, she ignored the question.  “There’s no change in her but it’s early. We’ll know more in a day or so.” 

“Is there nothing else we can do?” I moved over to stand beside Jessica as I spoke. 

Wendyl brushed Jessica’s hair from her face. “We’ll give her fluids and if she needs it blood later but for now she needs rest, anti-biotics and luck.” Her mood changed as she moved away from Jessica and off medical matters. It was hard to hold a conversation with her as she flipped back and forth between the factual doctor and the more open Abbot. She fixed me with a look as she finished noting things on Jessica’s chart. “We always welcome strangers into our community, but Janus seems like he was trying to impress you with his stories, I wonder why?” 

"I think he was trying to persuade us to stay in San Benito." 

Wendyl  frowned slightly. "Not to sound unkind, but what could you offer this community that he would feel the need to impress you so?  

I paused unsure, “I don’t know but he seemed impressed that we had been caught and escaped from the men with black painted heads.” Wendyl looked over, curious now. “He said you’re fighting them, that they take your people and you never get them back?" 

She shook her hand in a so-so motion "We're not exactly fighting but yes, they take our people. It’s complicated but…” She trailed off. “Okay, if you escaped them then I can see why Janus wanted to bring you back, right now we know almost nothing about them. If you’ve seen their compound then you certainly know more than we do.” 

“Harry and Jessica need a home.” I blurted it out. It hadn’t been what I was thinking at all but it had somehow come out. “I do too.” I slowly conceded. 

Wendyl held my gazer for a moment and then to my relief she grinned. “You don’t beat around the bush. Okay, how about this, you tell me what you know about the compound and then you can ask me any questions you have about San Benito. Jessica isn’t going anywhere for a while and neither are you or Harry. Let’s get to know each other a little and if you want to stay then you can.” 

I hadn’t realised it but a great relief came across me. Months of worry and looking for somewhere that was safe and not it was being offered to me. “Okay, deal.” I smiled. “What do you want to know?” 

She laughed, her head falling back and startling me. “For God’s sake Alex, not right now! You need to get some sleep or you’ll pass right out where you stand.” She gently pushed me towards the door. “We’ll talk later, check on Harry and get some rest.” I gratefully stumbled from the room and returned to the bedroom where Harry was still fast asleep. 

I woke a few hours later, Harry was still asleep and I was tired but I felt better than before. I stood and stretched and in doing so Harry woke. He looked at me with confusion through his tangled flop of brown hair and then slowly things fell back into place. “Hey Alex. How’s Jessica?” 

“I’m not sure, I just woke, let’s go see.” He nodded at my offer and we walked through to the front of the building. Peering into Jessica’s room we found the male doctor from the previous night, talking with Janus, seeing us he signalled us to come in. 

His tone was friendlier than I remembered and he was immediately clear. “She’s doing fine. Still early but she seems to be responding, she’d had fluid but it’s positive right now.” 

“Jessica looks like she had been lucky.” Janus added. “How are you two feeling?” 

I thought about it for a moment. “Tired.” 

He laughed. “Me too friend.” He stretched and his tattoos on his arms flexed, full of figures and scenes that I didn’t know. “I heard you spoke to Wendyl some more, asked for a place for you Harry and Jessica to stay?” Harry looked up at me suddenly and Janus noticed. “Woah, sorry, maybe I spoke to early.” 

I turned to Harry. “It’s nothing, I just asked if we might be able to stay here, if you wanted to, but we don’t have to decide right now.” 

Surprise slowly faded on his face and turned to a shy smile. “You want to stay with me?” 

I was surprised, it hadn’t even occurred to me to discuss this with him, I’d rather stupidly assumed that we’d stick together. “Well, yeah. If you want to?” I asked. 

His grin widened and he came in and hugged me. I looked up in surprise at Janus and he was grinning too. “Well how about we seal that with breakfast?” Janus offered.” “Come on boys, I’m buying.” 
     
*****

Hope you've all had a good day. The last few days work has been kicking my ass and I didn't have as much time to write today which is why we have had the two smaller parts from Alex and Mai today, today's parts are setting up things which...well, things are coming up for both Alex and Mai. 

Almost certainly no story up tomorrow (unless there is, sometimes I am contrary like that but prob not) but I'll be back on Saturday and then next week I have a couple of days off so I am hoping that means more time to write, longer parts and a bit of thinking time as we push forward. 

We're now over 40k words so thank you all for sticking with me this far! 

EDIT: slight corrections from /u/Umbra_chimera and /u/theReno updated to the story.  

I honestly welcome corrections or when I have buggered up and been inconsistent with my own story, even little things, so please do let me know!After a time Docie returned and brought with her Mai's cleaned clothes. Mai thanked her, but the young girl had turned shy and mumbled a response. They hung the clothes to dry above the hearth and the smell of drying wet clothes began to compete with the stew that was starting to bubble. The evening shadows were already creeping across the floor and Mai realised quite how late she had slept. 

Once they were settled, Docie began the process of closing and locking the shutters and pulling the big plank down over the door. It felt strange to Mai, she hadn’t been outside all day; she was used to the sun and wind and sitting indoors, a fire roaring and food bubbling away, was surreal, like a scene from a past life. 

She sat, slightly awkwardly in her chair, as Hattie and Docie fussed around the room, doing their daily chores, cleaning and tidying. Several times she spotted they moved something and exposed a pattern of dust where it had sat for some time – she smiled inwardly, they were trying to neaten up for her without seeming like it was so. 

The domesticity, so easy and familiar between mother and daughter, was at first, also strange but, some combination of the smell of the stew on the fire and the gentle bustle of cleaning and tidying softly made it feel quite natural. As well as her clothes, Docie had washed some sheets and Mai helped fold them. She stood opposite Docie and each held corners, then they crossed hands and handed it back and forth until it was a long strip that they hung to dry. 

She remembered doing chores with her mother when she was very young, younger than Docie by far. It was one of her few memories of her mother and one of the even fewer that didn’t centre around her death. Even thinking about her mother drew her back to the house where she spent her last few weeks, screaming in pain as the medics tried everything and failed. She could think of those times now without sadness, they were memories that belonged to someone else, someone who had a life a long time ago. Mai’s life was in the woods and fields and didn’t belong to those memories. 

Still, this house, this evening, it brought her back to her mother and it felt a little closer than it had before. It made her feel a little closer to them and a little more relaxed. Hattie moved to the fire and carefully stirred the pot and the smell of the stew wafted up and suddenly all other thoughts were gone from her head; Mai was hungry. 

An hour or so later the house looked cleaner than it probably had done in some time and the stew was finally ready to eat. Mai helped Docie get the bowls down from a cupboard and a thought struck her. While they were still in the kitchen, she softly asked. “When was the last time you had stew?” 

Docie had grown less shy as the evening had gone on, but still found it tricky to speak to Mai. “A while.” She eventually conceded. Mai realised that this food, much like the cleaning of the house was all an attempt to impress her. The two women were stick thin, she remembered seeing Hattie’s body last night, they couldn’t have eaten so well in a while. 

She wasn’t inclined to take advantage, but she knew that this must be part of what Hattie had asked her last night, to take Docie with her. She still didn’t know how that might possibly work but Hattie wanted her to feel well inclined towards them. Mai didn’t like being manipulated, but then again, stew was made and being petulant wouldn’t help anything now. 

They had pulled the table from the wall and now the three women sat around it. Mai had brought the pot to the table and when they sat Hattie and Docie bowed their heads, Mai followed suit. 

 Hattie spoke clearly and strongly. “Dear Lord, thank you for this bounty you have given us on our table tonight and for bringing out guest Mai to stay with us. We hold and trust in you Lord and pray that you look after us and keep us safe. Amen.” 

“Amen.” Docie gently whispered. Mai wanted to as well but the word stuck in her throat, it was nothing to her but she wanted to have that faith, she just had nothing to base it on. She wondered if faith would have helped her in the woods and fields and quietly decided that she would rather have a hickory stick.

Hattie insisted on serving out and as she gently portioned out ladles of stew, Mai noticed that she made sure Docie and Mai had larger portions. She must have been doing that for months or years to ensure that Docie had enough to eat when times had been hard, no wonder she was so thin. 

The stew was delicious; it had been so long since Mai had eaten an actual meal, instead of fuelling herself with whatever food was available, she had forgotten that sheer delight in eating. She tried to stop herself but all three of them, once they had began, eagarly reached back for seconds. Soon the three of them was sitting back and holding their bellies. 

“Last night we told you our story, will you tell us yours now?” Hattie at last asked, once they had cleared the table. 

Reluctantly at first but gathering confidence as she talked, Mai told them of New Kansas City. She told them of a town of a few thousand people where everyone had jobs and worked together. The decisions were made by a council of elders but they listened carefully to what people wanted and rarely had their been disputes 

In NKC there had been shops and a school where all the kids learned until they were sixteen and then had the choice of either continuing to learn for a few more years or taking an apprenticeship. Mai spoke about the hunters and farmers and how as a hunter she learned of the herds, some they kept domesticated with the farmers and some they hunted as they passed through the area. 

She hadn’t meant to but after a time she noticed Docie beginning to yawn and realised that she had been telling stories for a few hours. It had been nice to be able to speak to people and here, in this house, it felt… normal again to speak of these things. Mai began to realise quite how on edge she had been for months and as she began to relax she felt that same strange normality again. She pushed it away a little, unsure she liked it but not willing to give it up. 

At last Docie was asleep and Mai carried her through and put her to bed. Hattie had explained that she gave the room to Docie as she slept in the living room now, to be kept warm by the fire at night – she also slept little these days and so she didn’t like to disturb Docie. When Mai returned, Hattie asked about their journey and Mai gave a gently abridged version, leaving out much and giving only an overview of how she had come to be there. She mentioned nothing of her fight with the black heads in the woods. 

At last she finished and paused for Hattie’s reaction and discovered that she was asleep – so much for not sleeping much. Mai wondered when she had fallen asleep but it didn’t really matter. As much as anything Mai had been telling the story to herself, to simply say it out loud and acknowledge that all of it had happened. Here, in this house it all felt a long way away again. As she moved through to lie beside Docie, she realised that she had only been awake a few hours and wondered if she would even be able to sleep, but as soon as she lay down on the bed, she remembered nothing more. 

She awoke and only a gleam of light was coming through the small high window – it was still early and Docie lay next to her, asleep. She moved through to the kitchen and found Hattie awake and making up the fire as she entered the room. It was amazing to watch Hattie manoeuvre without the benefit of sight but she was so familiar with her small house that she hardly seemed to need it. 

Soon Docie joined them and as the sun came up Hattie laid out her plan for the day. “The town works on two economies, the black heads and everyone else. For most folk they pay for their goods, try to live their lives and keep out of trouble, for the black heads they rarely pay for things and they get to take much of what they want. That’s not true of all of them, but enough. They don’t need much as those in the kingdom feed themselves from the slave farms, but there are a few traders who come to town so there is a little trade.” 

“We’ve few enough friends left.” Hattie went on. “But we do have one or two in the market. That’s where Docie has been working to earn a few coins to buy what little food we have. We used to get some from Cooper but…” her voice died away and it was Docie who finished the sentence. 

“But now he trades it all for sniffdown.” Hattie sighed and nodded. 

“I’ve asked my friend Peter for some work for you. He’s a good man and he needs the help, it’s hard to keep workers here.” Hattie stood. “I’ll walk down there with you to make sure you’re okay but after that you’ll be on your own, you should be able to walk around okay as long as you keep your papers on you, just don’t try to head up the road to the kingdom.” 

Hattie pulled on her coat and Docie helped her before pulling on her own. “Wait a minute.” Mai asked. “I’d rather change into my own clothes.” 

Hattie smiled. “Rough clothes like that? You’re better as you are, it’s more of a disguise and you want them to see you as harmless.” She pulled open the door and Mai was forced to follow. She felt naked, no knife, no gun and wearing a dress. All she had to protect her was a piece of paper and Hattie’s word that she was be alright. Seeming harmless was one thing, being harmless was another.Original prompt by /u/bertonomus 

*****

"NEXT!" 

The three members of the panel were all looking down, finishing their notes from the last candidate, and it took a moment for them to register the sound of commotion occurring directly outside their door. By the time that it finally swung open they were all watching with interest, but a tall man in white strode in, smoothed down his robes and smiled. 

Glaxnar the All-Knowing tapped his pen on the desk. "Name?" 

"God." The man nodded. "Of Earth." 

Glaxnar made a note on the paper in front of him and then gestured to the seat. "Please take a seat Mr G..." 

A rather smaller scruffy man hurried into the room, wheezing slightly and rubbing at his thigh. He had a long tear down one side his his red suit, as if he had been pulled back suddenly. "You filthy cheater, you said we'd do this together!"

God rolled his eyes and glanced over. "I'm sorry gentlemen, this is my colleague Satan, he seems to have *forgotten* that I am the deity of my world." 

Satan sucked the air in through his teeth. "Oooh, you're a liar too!" He turned to the panel. "That's a *lie*, he's a damn liar!" 

God shook his head, looking at the ceiling and muttering softly. "Takes one to know one."  

Glaxnar looked from the soft saintly face to the small angry one that was screwed into a perpetual scowl. "Gentlemen, this review is for the deity of planet 61123, known as Earth." 

They answered in unison. "That's me!"  

God finally lost his serenity and spun on his heel, leaning down to get into Satan's face. "I created the bloody thing, *I* am its deity!" 

Satan wafted God's breath away and stuck out his tongue. "You created it, but I have a larger afterlife and frankly..." He leaned towards the panel, "... this guy has been a bit." He made the drinky, drinky motion.

God reared back and spun to the podium. "That is a fuckin' LIE, you are a goddamned..." He stopped and took a breath, holding out his hand and calming himself. "I'm sorry gentlemen, this is an internal dispute, not for this moment *or* our review. Shit *my* review, not ours!" 

Glaxnar looked down the panel to Seebits the Decider. "Ruling Seebits?" 

God and Satan looked anxiously at the tall, thready, pink creature. "They are..." he paused for effect. "...both worthy of consideration. They shall both be present in the review." 

God lifted his finger but Glaxnar was bored, they were already running late and had a lot to do today. "Very well, you shall both be held accountable. Now, which of you has the paperwork?" 

Satan suddenly looked shifty and scuffed his shoes, while God looked down smugly. "Oh what? Paperwork? I guess that would be *me* as *I* am the one who does *everything*, being the deity and all." He pulled a stack of paper out of his jacket and laid it on the table, splitting it into three piles. Each of the panel members picked up their copy and began to leaf through, making little noises of approval and query. 

At last Destructo the Kind paused and pointed to a part of the paper, his voice echoing into the distance. "Here, you state that the dominant species is called 'human' but you list many species as more populous?" 

God nodded. "Yes, nice little species that one, made 'em myself. They're the top as they are intelligent. Quite proud of that, you see I..." 

"Did you read the included instructions?" Destructo's voice echoed with doom and kindness. Satan folded his arms, smirking. 

God shuffled his feet a little nervously. "Well, there were a lot of rules and I was somewhat in a  hurry and though that..." 

The document appeared in Destructo's hands, a vast dark book which he flicked open. On the front cover **RULES OF REVIEW** was marked in gold. "Page four million and sixty seven, paragraph eight. The dominant species is the most numerous and on earth that is listed for earth as...Springtails." Destructo tapped the document God had presented and the other panel members looked over. 

God looked a little green around the edges. "If you'll just let me..." 

Glaxnar had now turned to that page. "Does this mean you have been letting the wrong species into your afterlife?" God glanced down at Satan and shrugged. Glaxnar shook his head. "It's all very clear in the rules, dominant species gets an afterlife and *maybe* the second one too." He paused. "Wait, you've not been letting these 'humans' in, have you?" 

Satan took a step back, towards the door. "You know, i'm probably intruding here, maybe i'll just..." No one was looking at him anymore and with a small puff of sulphur he legged it through the open door and back into the waiting room. 

God now looked thoroughly miserable. "I really didn't think it mattered all that much and humans were..." He tried a smile, "...well, I kind of made them in my image." 

Glaxnar reeled back. "You... you used your *own* image for a species? What kind of nepotistic...." He shook his head in sheer astonishment. 

God looked across the panel, only seeing condemnation and maybe a little pity from Destructo. "Maybe?" 

Glaxnar sighed, he had seen a  lot of deities in his time and this one looked like he might cry. He decided to lighten the mood. "Next thing you'll be telling me that you directly interfered in your planet or something." The tension broke a little at the ridiculousness of this last statement and God forced a grin onto his face, desperately hoping they didn't look too closely at the multimedia section of the paperwork.I jumped up from my seat. “That’s him? The man in the mask who captured us?”

She nodded slowly. “Yes, he was called Michael back then and he disappeared for many months before we heard rumours that he had arrived there. Back then, people could still leave Florida, but that was before it all changed. Things were very different, they used to be a community called Celebration and we would communicate with them, work together and trade, but… that changed. First trade stopped and then they became hostile and when we sent envoys, our people were killed or taken.”

“It seems stupid now long it took us to realise, but he had taken over and he has been building an army, taking slaves and those willing to swear their loyalty to him. You are the first people in years to have managed to escape, to leave there.”

“That’s why it’s so important for you to find out about the compound? That’s why you need my help?” I realised now how desperate they must be. After all this time, they had their key, their opportunity and now he had changed from their greatest asset to their greatest danger. 

“Yes, we need help to get inside, to somehow make contact again, but it’s not going to be easy; you see, we’ve tried before.” She turned back from the window, behind her the sun slanted into the room in broad orange stripes. It had been early afternoon when I had first come to her office, but now the sun was low in the sky and with her back to the window her face was in shadow. “My husband thought he could get to Michael, to apologise or to make things right somehow. He went there, to their compound, but he hasn’t returned.”

“Alex, you Jessica and Harry are the only people who we know have seen him recently, the only people who has been inside the compound. Harry is still a child, Jessica isn’t going to be recovered for some time so you’re our best chance. If you can help us in any way…” 

I cut her off. “Of course I’ll help you!” As I said it I wondered how much help I could be. If only Mai had stayed with us then she would have been so much better at this than I could be. 

She sighed. “Alex, I need to be honest about one more thing.” She looked down now at the desk and didn’t meet my eyes again. “Alex, you understand how important it is to stop this disease?” 

“Yes, of course. I understand why you need to get Michael back.” I wasn’t sure what she was trying to say. 

“No it’s not that. It’s about what we’re forced to do. We’re fighting for survival Alex, fighting to try to put the world back together and we have to make tough choices.   When our men go out, sometimes they find communities where the infection has already taken hold. We take the infected back here because we need… we need to be able to experiment with new vaccines and treatments.” 

She seemed nervous, but I understood perhaps more than she realised. When she had taken me into the medical area she had left things unsaid, uncommented on, but it was easy enough to work out that there was more going on than just isolation. On the ward each bay had different medications by the window and the treatment charts had all been different. 

It was clear that they were doing more than just treating people, they were experimenting on them. A small part of me wondered if I should be objecting but it made sense, these people were going to die either way. “I get it Wendyl, not all of this is easy and you have to do some things which aren’t nice. Let me guess, some of the attempts to help make people die quicker or some don’t work at all right?” 

“Well, no.” She admitted. 

“It’s not your fault, I know that you’re trying different things and I get what you were trying to show me. The Red Death kills without mercy and you’re throwing everything you can at it. I understand that you can’t help everyone and you need to try out new treatments and sometimes people are going to get hurt by that.”   

“You don’t understand!” She insisted. 

“I *do*. Look I’m not a fool and I’m not a child. I can see that you are trying to help people and that you’re doing your best. You don’t owe me any explanation.”

She looked up and her face seemed grey and strangely haunted by my words. “Alex…” 

Behind her the sun was turning the sky red and in the low light Wendyl’s face looked drawn and tired. I cut in. “Wendyl, we’ve talked all afternoon and I’ll do anything I can to help you, of course.” 

“But that’s not all I have to tell you…”

“I know there must be more but we’ve been speaking for hours. Can’t we continue this tomorrow? I’d like to check on Jessica and I’m getting a little hungry.” I tried to grin to reassure her but it didn’t get answered. 

She stared at me for a moment too long and an uneasy feeling came into the room. I was about to change my mind, to tell her to say whatever it was that she wanted to say, when she broke the silence and returned a bright, fixed grin. “Yes, you’re right of course Alex. Let’s go and check on Jessica and we can continue this another time.” She stood and we walked downstairs. 

When we arrived in the atrium downstairs, I was pleased to find Janus and Harry had returned from their tour of the city. As we descended the stairs, Harry was excitedly talking, but Janus looked up and at Wendyl. Something in the look seemed to pass between them and it seemed as if she slightly shook her head; the feeling of unease came back and I wondered if I had made a mistake.  

Janus seemed to have taken Harry all over the city and the boy was smiling and excited. Janus had given him a scarf against the cold, black and sleek and impressive, better quality than anything I owned. I smiled and listened while he told me about their tour. 

Janus had taken him all over San Benito and from the sounds of it they had taken in everything there was to see. They’d begun by travelling along the wall and Janus had shown him the great entry gates. At some point in the last fifty years San Benito had been walled in on three sides, leaving only the ocean as a clear approach and even then it was protected by the red beamed lighthouse. 

I began to get the impression that Janus had developed a soft spot for Harry and he ruffled the boy’s hair as he continued to talk about the places they’d been. Janus had shown him the food storage, the docks and even taken them back to the barracks where he and his men lived. 

I followed Wendyl into Jessica’s room and watched as they checked her vital signs. She was still unconscious, but her signs were good, or at least as good as could be expected. 

In the square a number of places were still open to eat and when we entered with Wendyl suddenly tables were cleared for us. When the food came out Harry started to clap and it was hard not to follow him; the food was plentiful and delicious. Still it began to nag at me what Wendyl had wanted to say. That little shake of the head, it played on my mind.  

I tried to enjoy the food but my mind was wandering, quietly thinking about everything that I had learned that day. I thought on the Red Death and the people who were infected in those wards. I pictured the girl in the hospital room, trying to push away the two doctors and failing, the orange fluid slowly slipping into her vein and how quickly she faded away. If I got infected, would that be me? I imagines lying there, waiting for my moment for someone to hold me down and to feel a needle slipping into me, knowing it was the last feeling I would have. 

The others were eating, Harry packing down food and Janus matching him, almost bite for bite. Wendyl ate sparingly but as the day weighed on me andI lost my appetite and waved away more food. Janus tried to engage me in conversation but I answered only briefly, my mind elsewhere; Harry was happy to fill any silences. Wendyl joined in but she also watched me from the corner of her eye.  

By the time we had finished eating it had grown late and the day was beginning to wear on Harry and I. It was growing harder to think as exhaustion clouded my judgement and Janus insisted I try a locally brewed beer. I’d rarely drunk before and soon I felt mellow and ready for sleep. 

Janus walked us back to the hospital and after a last check on Jessica, Harry and I moved through to the small bedroom where we had slept the night before. I lay down and listened as a half exhausted Harry still continued to speak of all the places they’d visited and things they had seem. 

My mind drifted and I was back in the corridor, looking through the glass at the girl. Behind me I could hear Wendyl explaining to me about how they found the people. “*We have people like Janus who travel around and bring back the sick and…uh… deal with the consequences*”. That was the phrase and it bothered me. “*Deal with the consequences*”. It hung in my mind, playing this way and that.  

I sat upright, adrenaline suddenly flushing my system. Harry had been half asleep, still gently talking about his day and I pushed myself out of bed, stumbling and slipping on the floor in my haste and then I lunged at him and grabbed him by the shoulders, startling him fully awake. 

“Harry!” I was whispering and shouting all at once, my heart beating so fast that it hurt. I looked wildly around me and saw the black scarf and I grabbed it. “What did you see when you went to the where Janus and his men live?” 

Harry’s eyes were open wide in fear. “You’re hurting me Alex.” 

I looked down and realised how hard I had grabbed him. “I’m sorry but I need to know everything now!” 

“I don’t know!” His voice had gone high in fear and he squirmed back, away from me. I forced myself to calm down and tried to talk over the roar in my ears. 

“Just tell me everything you saw.” 

He finally started to speak, nervously at first. “We went and there were loads of guys, some from the boat were there and they gave me a cup of this hot sweet stuff. Then Janus showed me their maps and some of their clothes they dress in when they go out and he gave me the scarf as I was cold.” 

“The gear Harry, was it all black?” 

“I don’t know, I think so.” 

He looked terrified and I let him go. The scarf, the clothes they were all black. The rubber suits, the protective suits had been yellow. They weren’t wearing the gear to protect themselves. 

"*Deal with the consequences*" 

New Kansas City. 

Dressed in black.“That early part of the war, we call the war for Africa and I am not sure if anyone can really be said to have won. Before the separation, there were as many corporations as companies who had moved in to claim land, maybe they’re still there, maybe they’re all dead, I don’t know.” Wendyl looked grim. 

“Whatever the Chinese did it must have made people terrified… and furious. We think at least a few nukes were launched, as some are missing from silos we've found, but many more were not fired and are now sitting, waiting, useless.”

I’d been looking down at my feet, the chair, the wall, trying to take in everything she was saying. Some bits familiar but others completely new. She seemed to be growing more nervous and upset as she went on, I assumed as we got closer to America and what had happened here. “When the first of the bombs dropped it happened without warning on the West Coast. It must have been impossible to warn people, impossible to get any alert out. They weren’t explosives and people probably went to investigate when they landed. They were the first wave of infected.” 

“We think it was the Chinese but it could have been anyone. While we hid from *La Muerte Roja*, they had been working with it… on it. The disease that had killed a billion people in Africa had been… adapted. It still killed but now people spread it through coughing and sneezing and didn’t cause the haemorrhaging to the same degree and so people died more slowly. It still killed everyone it infected though, turning them bright red as the infection took hold and then they spread the disease to everyone nearby.” 

Wendyl stood and walked around the desk. “Alex, I want you to understand properly – I doubt you have ever seen anyone with the disease or you would probably be dead. I want you to come and see what we do here. She held out her hand and I took it and she led me from her office and along the corridor. At the end, there was a set of double doors and we pushed through into what seemed to be some sort of changing room. 

On pegs around the edge were plastic suits; Wendyl picked one out and handed it to me before starting to put one on herself. Hesitantly and with some difficulty I pulled it on and when it was on, she handed me a heavy duty looking mask. 

I held the mask but I hesitated. I wasn’t sure that I wanted to see what I thought she was going to show me. She had put hers on and it made her words muffled. “I think it will be easier for you to understand…thing, when you have seen the reality of it.” She moved closer. “Please Alex.” I hesitated for a moment longer and then pulled on the mask, she reached up and tightened the straps at the side of my mouth until it hurt. 

Taking my hand again, strange feeling through the plastic, she led me into a shower room and closed the door behind us. There were two nozzles and she pulled a rope beside each. Hot water began to pour down on us, sounding like bizarre rain through the plastic hood. The smell managed to seep into the mask; chemicals, and disinfectant, smells I hadn’t encountered in a long time. 

I mimicked her, lifting my arms and turning around, allowing the water to get to every part of the suit. When she was seemingly satisfied, she pulled the rope again to turn the water off and let me out. 

The corridor we entered was perhaps fifty metres long, it must have run the entire length of the building and it was white and sterile. Doors were at regular intervals and at each door, there was a large window in the wall. A nasty feeling began to creep up on me as Wendyl walked forward and stood beside the first window, but I followed anyway. 

Inside the room held four beds, simple and sparse and in each lay a person, their skin a lurid red. “Are they...?” My breath was hot in the mast and I left the question dangling 

“Yes, Alex. Each of these people is infected with the Red Death. It spread quickly across the country and killed hundreds of millions before the remaining people hid in small communities and shunned outsiders, growing ever more hostile in attempts to keep the disease out.” She turned to me. “I imagine that’s how New Kansas City started; you were lucky to grow up there.” 

I was surprised she remembered where I was from but realised that Janus must have passed it on. “So you treat these people here?” 

“Yes and no, we treat them but we are also trying to battle the disease. There are few cases these days but the ones we find we must quickly remove from their communities and we bring them here. We have people like Janus who travel around and bring back the sick and…uh… deal with the consequences. We’ve been researching the disease here for decades, but with limited resources we make little progress”  

In a room behind us another four people lay in beds and a young girl began to cough. It grew steadily worse and blood flecked the sheets in front of her. From another room two men dressed in plastic suits quickly moved along the corridor and into the room and one held the girl forward, with a cotton mask pressed into her face. 

The coughing continued and the girls face grew purple, blood began to trickle down from her eyes and she let out a low moan of pain. The two men exchanged looked and then looked out of the window at Wendyl. She nodded slightly and one of the men moved to a tray at the side of the room, picked up a syringe with a light orange fluid inside and injected the girl. She tried to try to push the man away when she saw the syringe, but in seconds, she had gone limp and they laid her back on the bed and began to wrap the sheets over her. 

I turned confused and a little angry to Wendyl. “She’s dead? They killed her! Why did they do that?” 

Wendyl put her hand on my arm but I shook it off. “It was the only choice Alex. We have about a 5% success rate and when they get to a certain point it is kinder to let them have a gentle death than the horror that awaits them.” 

I understood what she said and it made sense but it seemed wrong. “But you just killed her!” 

“We have to make a lot of difficult choices Alex, we always have. Would you rather that the patients suffer?” Her voice got louder and she started to sound angry. “That we allow them to bleed out slowly as their bodies rupture until it is almost impossible to kill them in any other way than leaving them for their brains to liquefy!” She stopped and looked at me. “I’m sorry Alex. The same questions bother me but I promise that it is kinder this way.”  

She led me back through the decontamination showers and once we had stripped off our suits, we returned to her office. Someone had left her a mug of coffee and she found a second cup and split it between us. “I wanted you to understand what we are, what we always have been.” She took a deep sip of coffee. “San Benito was the location of a disease research facility before the war and we had done much of the work on the African strain of the Red Death. When the plague hit America we were one of the few places which was far enough away from the major population centres to escape the initial infection and had the expertise to study the disease.” 

“The disease that hit America is the same disease as in Africa but…” She waved her hands as she searched for the right words, “…manipulated. It was altered it to make it more resilient and airborne but we got lucky; the attempts to make it more deadly ironically offered its weakness. They had introduced genetic elements to make it last longer so that the infection would be even greater, but this also introduced weaknesses and we were able to use our earlier research and this new weakness to aid the development of a vaccine. If we can get to the patient in the first day or so of infection, then we have a small chance. Our teams travel widely to seek out the disease anywhere we can and bring the infected back here for treatment.” 

“Are there many people who get infected?” I thought back to all the hostile towns we had encountered on our journey across the country.  

“Few these days. In the early days we tried to treat everyone and people flocked here. Unfortunately what Janus told you isn’t entirely true, we were never able to cure the majority of people saw so many people who were newly infected, the vaccine had the best chance of working and so some did. From that the legend grew that we were able to cure the disease and people started to say things like we were blessed.” 

“But you called yourself the Abbot? Janus said it was a monetary?” I struggled to reconcile the new information with what I thought I knew.”  

Wendyl smiled a little “Janus likes stories and likes drama and his job is to persuade the sick to leave their homes and come here, to cal the towns and villages they come from.  The monastery was real though, in fact you’re standing in it right now. The monks offered their help and turned their home into a hospital for the sick. Over time it became one and the leader of the hospital became known as the Abbot and took the prayers too.” 

“We’ve been working to find a cure and to stop the disease spreading since the very early days. For more than fifty years, generations of work and research got us no closer but… eight years ago we thought we had a breakthrough.” Wendyl stood and moved to the window. 

“A little over eight years ago one of our teams brought in a young man who was in the final stages of the disease. I have rarely seen someone who was so close to death and there was nothing we could do for him. He was in complete cellular degeneration, haemorrhaging from his eyes, ears, nose and completely red. It was too late to try to offer him a painless death and so we did our best to sedate him and put him in isolation.” 

“It was my husband who found him in the morning, soaked in blood but alive. He had lived and from that moment he grew stronger and recovered. In over fifty yeas he’s the only known person to have recovered from the Red Death with no help and in him lies the possibility of a cure or a truly effective vaccine.” 

I sat waiting for her to speak again, hardly daring to interrupt her but her pause went on too long for me to stand. “So what happened to him?” 

So looked over at me. “He had gone insane. His mind was warped and his appearance terrified people. When he had recovered, the people in town called him a devil and soon he started to believe that it was true. He was shunned from contact with others and we… we thought we could use him to find a cure and we treated him like an object and not a man.” 

“One night he was attacked and people called for him to die. He was too valuable to us and so we kept him caged in a laboratory.” Wendyl sighed, a deep exhale. “What we did was unforgivable. A lot of choices we’ve made have been like that.” 

“You did it to keep him safe though right? Because he was the best chance of a cure, I can understand why you would do it, even if it seemed heartless.” Wendly looked at me with tears in her eyes as I spoke. 

“Yes… I’m glad you understand. He didn’t though and… he got out. We looked for him for years and at last we found him. I believe you met him - he hides his face with a mask.”Original prompt by: /u/SuperbTomatos



*****

"Vanity muscles!" The big guard laughed and kicked me again in the ribs, sending shock waves of pain rippling across my chest. I'd been hit by Gods and inter-dimensional beings, but this big Syrian was able to hurt me in ways I had hardly imagined and worse, he enjoyed it.  

Lois had thought the idea hilarious – Clark Kent going into Syria, becoming a war reporter. For the first week she’d called me “Cowardly Clark” and paid Jimmy to jump out at me from behind doors, at which I’d comically scatter my papers, but she finally realised I was serious. 

We’d sat in the canteen and she’d tried to explain it was a stupid idea. “Clark, you’re a big guy, but you never use that muscle, or the one in your head.” My current captor was an ugly echo of that scene; whether in my head or arms, they both seemed convinced they were vanity muscles and right now they were both correct. She’d reached over and rapped my skull and I'd winced in pretend pain. “Why would you even want to go? The Planet not offer you the crime beat this month or something?” 

Of course she couldn’t understand, but this seemed the only way to get inside the conflict and make a difference. Superman was banned from the area, Russia and China had both blocked my appeal to be allowed to help directly – Putin claiming I was a pawn of Obama – and so it had to be Clark. 

Sitting back and doing nothing wasn't an option, it never had been for me and so this was my choice. What harm could I come to? Inside an armored vehicle, embedded with a UN observation group as a US reporter – even if I hadn’t been invulnerable it would have been safe. 

Except… except it wasn’t. The rockets had come seemingly from nowhere and hit the three vehicle convoy, turning everything to fire and flame. I’d tried to react, but the heat, it had… burned me. Then blackness, hands pulling me free and chains wrapping me up. I could hear them swear as they dragged me into the dark, my eyes closing, fixing on the green fragments of the rocket glowing in the darkness. 

Three weeks later, trapped, underground, away from the sun, away from any kind of light. Twice a day they would drag me out and question me, beat me and laugh as I struggled to even stand. The kryptonite shrapnel embedded in my side was too deep and too painful to get out and with every blow it worked its way deeper – eventually it would find a way to kill me and my body would most likely be dumped into a shallow grave, here in this godforsaken war. 

Kryptonite was only weaponised by one person I knew, Lex. Like depleted uranium, it made a perfect tip to a rocket, piercing and payload enhancement – just right for a brutal regime looking to crack down on any dissenters with maximum force. I’d faced these weapons before, but trapped in a steel box, unable to see through the sides, I had no escape and they had found their target more perfectly than their designer could have imagined.  

This place they had brought me must have once been a bomb shelter – we were deep underground, fifty or sixty feet at least. I wondered who would be looking for me – Bruce, Wally and J’onn certainly, but how would they find me? 

Wally could search every hovel in the country and not get in past the thick doors without knowing I was inside. Bruce would be scanning every electronic signal and cracking any skull he could, but he was banned from the country at the same time I was, not that he’d care much about that, but it would slow him down. J’onn, well, I was a crying voice in a country filled with woe, if he could separate my voice from the masses then maybe, but it was a faint hope. 

The big guard was crouching down by me again. “Tell me American, why did you come here to spy?” 

It was growing hard to breathe – I wondered if a splinter had found my lungs and confirmed it as I spat my blood into his face. “Go fuck yourself”. He laughed, wiping his face clean and gestured, a moment later fists and feet rained down on me and then I was dragged away, back into my black cell. 

The door slammed shut and for a moment there was blessed peace until I became aware of breathing, ragged, afraid and small. I had landed on my face and I pushed myself up on an elbow, wincing with pain. “Hello?” No reply. “Are you okay? My name is Clark, are you a prisoner too?” 

I waited, minutes passed and at last a reply came. “I’m… Adnan.” My eyes were adjusting and I could just make out his outline in the dark. “Are you… okay?” 

I smiled in the dark. “Not really Adnan, I have something in my side which is going to kill me - sooner or later." 

I could feel him move and a moment later his small hands touched my face. “Is it a bullet? My father was shot before I was brought here, he died slowly, they like to cause pain before they kill.” 

“Something like that.” I tried not to let the pain show in my voice, but a moment later I could feel his hands on my side, lifting my shirt.  His fingers probed, feeling for where the skin was torn and when they found the hole I had to clench my teeth to keep from screaming. 

His voice was full of wonder. “I see it.” I looked down and there was the faintest of green glows coming from my skin, like a flame held behind a hand but much less bright – if it had not been completely black, then it would have been impossible to see. “It is the green rock from the rockets, it is bad.” *Green rock bad. Story of my life kid*, I wanted to speak, but the effort to keep from screaming had exhausted me and only ragged breath came.  

When his fingers entered the wound there was a moment of pain and then only white. I could feel him searching, his fingers delving as it felt like his whole arm was buried in me and then the white turned red as he reached his goal and the sliver moved. I was detached, feeling as if I was looking down on the scene. A small child from this war torn country had decided to play doctor and pull a shard of death from a stranger and I watched from outside my body and I began to feel hope once again. 

I hadn't asked, I hadn't told him what to do, but he had decided to help me, decided to do what he could, going on some instinct, some inner decision I would never know. He wriggled his fingers to get a better grasp and then finally, slowly, he had it and began to draw it out of me. Then black came and there was nothing else. 

Small hands, shaking me and black again, but not the black of oblivion, but the black of the cell. The pain… it was still there, but less, the agony the shard, it was gone. “Are you okay? I thought you were maybe dead?” 

The kid’s hands were wet, for a moment I thought it was tears, but then I realised, it was my blood. “I…I think so. You’ve saved my life.” 

I couldn’t see him clearly enough, but he sounded pleased. “No, I just undid what was done.”  

There was a noise outside the door and then suddenly a rattling, as the bolt was pulled and the door sprang open. A guard stood, his eyes wild. “You, come.” He pointed at the kid. 

Finally I could see him; he was small, thin and his mop of brown hair covered eyes that were lined with fear and stress. He held his hand up to guard against the light and on shaking legs, he tried to stand. My hand across his chest held him back. Somewhere in the cell I could still feel the sliver of green and my strength was not returned, but the pain was gone and anger was the only fuel I needed now. “Come and get him.” 

He was expecting the weak American they had thrown into the hole, but instead my ‘vanity’ muscles were ready. Bruce had always insisted I needed to be able to fight and I’d indulged him, but as I ducked his blow and landed a square punch, I was glad to have listened to him. He went down, hard and I resisted the temptation to kick him further. Strong, weak, it didn't matter, I had a standard to uphold and anger was no excuse. 

The corridor was empty and the kid bolted, running to the left before I could stop him. It seemed stupid, but at this point I had little choice and so I followed, running bare foot with an aching side, but excited to be free. He ran wildly, darting left and right, past open doorways with shouts arising behind us. Footsteps now followed, angry, loud, close. 

Stairs now, up two at a time until nearly the top until… a gun, in my face. Was I strong enough to stop a bullet, or would it pass through me, kill me here in this filthy bunker. “Back American, get back.” He spat on me and I felt it hit my face, warm and humiliating. Anger surged, but I didn’t want to die, not here, not under a florescent light in a hole in the ground. 

I turned and took a step, but there was another noise, this one signalling something new and wonderful. It was a  creak as the door at the top of the stairs opened and released a cloud of dust. The particles shimmered in the air and hung in a thin beam of sunshine that spilled into the stairs and cascaded down the steps towards me. 

I caught it on my hand and felt the warmth of the light on my hand; the warmth of the sun after the dark of the hole. There was a prod on my back as I was jabbed by the barrel of a gun and somewhere the boy cried out in fear as he was shoved against the wall. This time I didn’t move and my cracked lips formed into a smile.The green head and the other men were moving quickly and Mai, trying to keep concealed, was having trouble keeping up with them. The road was clear but to move fast meant leaving the shadows and walking past the torches and street torches that cast pools of light along the street.  

In the distance, the men she followed seemed to dip down slightly as they left the town and moved into the open and Mai lost sight of them. Frustrated she took several steps into the middle of the road where it was slightly higher, to try to ensure she could see which direction they had taken and it was then that the voice shouted out. 

It was thick and slurred with sniffdown, but loud and angry sounding as well. She had only gone maybe forty metres up the street from the square and had another fifty or so to reach the open, where the lights died away and she knew at once how stupid she had been. “Hey, you’re not supposed to be out after curfew!” The call echoed along the street. 

Mai quickly spun out of the light and into the shadow at the side of the road and glanced back. The black head looked to have randomly been walking up the street as the sniffdown took effect. In a few minutes he probably would have been incapable of making any noise except a faint giggling, but it had been bad luck and carelessness. 

All along the road there were side alleys leading off and she moved forward a few paces and slipped into one. She peeked back round and her heart sank as she saw the distinctive head of the green man reappear, he had heard the cry and was returning fast. 

Panic sparked into life in Mai’s stomach and she breathed deeply to force it back down. Panic and fear would only lead to poor decisions now and she could hardly afford those. She quickly ran through her options; she could pretend to be simply out after curfew and try to bluff her way out of it; she could run and hope that they didn’t see her, but the long alley stretching ahead meant that might be difficult; or she could hide and hope. 

The thought of trying to bluff the huge green head did not appeal and in moments they might be on her - hiding seemed the only option. The alley was a couple of metres wide, the backs of houses lined it and there were was no other alley leading off it for as far as she could see. There were several doors leading from the alley and she moved down and tried them carefully but each one was locked. 

In desperation, she used the handle from one door, stepped on it and pushed herself up, clutching to the guttering above her and then pulling herself up onto the roof. She scrabbled over the edge and lay for a moment breathing hard, but trying to be quiet. Beneath her, she heard footsteps enter the alley and run down a little way, then they returned and Mai heard the person checking each handle as they passed but, as with Mai, they found them all locked. 

The footsteps passed by again and left the alley - out in the street she could hear voices. She rolled over and crawled towards the edge of the street, making sure to make no noise as she went. As she approached, the voices became clearer – the first voice was that of the inebriated man but the second, the deep rumble, she knew must belong to green head. 

“I saw a girl. Then she went…” The slurred voice faded away. 

There was a heavy thumping noise, like a heavy bag dropping on the ground and then a slight groan. Mai had reached the edge of the roof and peered over to see the green head with his back to her, standing over a man who was now crumpled on the floor. With a gesture from the green head, the two black heads picked up the other one and held him upright. 

The green head moved in and his voice was full of malice and unpleasant promise. He took the man’s head and pushed it backwards to force the man to look into his eyes. “Did you see someone following us or not?” 

 The black head stared up with a vacant grin and his eyes roamed beyond the green head. Suddenly his eyes connected with Mai looking down from the roof and his mouth opened in joyful recognition. “It’s an angel, sitting in the stars!” He slurred out. 

The green head turned away. “Take him and do not let me see him again.” His voice dripped disgust and he didn’t look back as the black heads dragged their unfortunate comrade away. The man in the suit had been standing by the barrel, twisting his folders under his arm nervously. As the green head passed him, he picked the barrel up under one arm and flicked his finger forward for the man to start walking. 

The two of them moved on again and Mai looked from the black heads dragging the man back to the square to the retreating forms of the green head and the man in the suit. Mai breathed a sigh of relief and finally she allowed her body to relax. She watched them s they walked away and then suddenly the man in the suit looked over his shoulder and seemed to look directly at her. His eyes seemed to meet with Mai’s and in them, she felt she saw terror, but he did not make any indication that he had seen her. 

Maybe it had been Mai’s imagination, maybe he hadn’t seen her or maybe this man, whoever he was, had no interest in giving her away and if that was the case then Mai needed to know more about him. 

The green head and suited man had nearly disappeared again and at the other end of the street and the black heads had dragged the poor man out of sight. Mai had intended to lay on the roof until she stopped shaking, but she realised that the opportunity she had been faced with before, had perhaps just become even greater. With no guards it would be easier to follow them and she realised she had to try. 

She let herself slide over the edge and then dangled from the roof. It seemed a long way down and she was amazed that she had managed to climb up; the roofs in this part of town were significantly higher than elsewhere. She dropped and rolled and quickly was up and at the edge of the alley. Now she carefully looked up and down but it seemed clear and so she moved out and quickly down the road. 

In a few moments she was at the end of the street and looking out at the road as it continued across the fields. Ahead of her, by a good gap, the green head and man in suit were moving quickly, but now as she moved out of the town she was moving from the light and into the dark of night. The fields had a number of low walls and she moved behind one and then followed it along, parallel to the road. In the daytime or with guards posted along the road she might have been spotted, but with the guards missing, she began to make up the distance. 

The road went on for half a mile or so and quickly she lost sight of the town behind her as it twisted around and then passed through some woodland. She followed quietly, keeping the two men in her sight, but staying back as far as she dared. Soon the tall brown walls of the compound came into view and she realised, she was back at the Kingdom. 

She stayed far to the side of the road and she had to flatten herself at one point as a patrol of guards moved down the road towards the town. She would need to be careful on her return. When she caught up with them again, they had reached a gate and Mai began to realise the scale of the Kingdom’s protection. The walls rose maybe thirty feet and the gate that the two men stood in front of was heavy and solid looking. They did not go through the gate however, but into a small hut placed next to the gate, which shone brightly with light from its open windows and doors. 

Mai was positioned a little way back at the tree line and above the gate, Mai could see a number of men walking up and down or looking out. Foolishly though, they each carried torches which burned brightly, allowing her to see them but ruining their night vision. She watched as the only man looking over the gate from the wall turned and began to talk to a guard passing him. Summoning her courage, she sprinted across the thirty metres or so to the guardhouse and skidded to a halt underneath the window. 

She slowly raised herself and looked through the window. Inside was sparsely furnished and next to the fire a black head was sitting behind a desk. As Mai watched he stood and walked to a door, set into the wall. He knocked and after a moment, a small hatch opened.  “Dr Thax and the Captain for entry.” The guard spoke to the hatch. 

“What about the others?” The voice on the other side asked. 

The green head, who Mai assumed must be the Captain, pushed aside the guard and answered directly. “They did what they were told. Now you do that too and open the door.” His voice purred menacingly and Mai could see the muscles tense all along his back. The door opened quickly and Mai ducked down. 

Looking up she could see no one looking and so she sprinted back across to the trees. At last she could pause and she let her breath come back. Now she had a name for the man in the suit and at least a designation for the green head, it wasn’t much but it was progress.Wendyl’s office was on the second floor of the hospital and was smaller than I expected. Janus had taken Harry and me to breakfast and afterwards offered to show Harry around town, but I, he explained, had a meeting with Wendyl.  When I arrived the office was empty and so I sat and waited, but after a while, not enjoying the uncomfortable chair I stood to around the room. 

One wall was lined with medical books with titles like *Controversies in Aortic Dissection and Aneurysmal Disease*, which sat next to books on farming and what looked like dossiers of law. We’d had plenty of books in NKC but these were beautiful, leather bound and had a distinct musty smell. It was too tempting and I leaned in, sniffed at the cover of one of them, and was startled when I heard Wendyl clear her throat gently behind me. 

She ignored what I had been doing and crossed to the desk, sitting and then leaning forward knitting her fingers together. “Alex, do you understand what we’re trying to do here in San Benito?” 

She had cocked her head to the side and I wasn’t sure how to answer. I felt like a schoolboy and the teacher had asked me a trick question. “Trying to make a community?”  

She sat back and exhaled. “Yes, I suppose so, but we’re trying to do much more besides live in peace. Alex, we’re trying to rebuild.” 

Later I would feel stupid at my question but at the time, I honestly had no idea what she meant. “Rebuild what?” 

She smiled. “The world Alex. We’re trying to rebuild the world.” I tried to grasp what she meant but before I could question her, she had carried on. “Do you know what our main challenge is?” 

It felt a little as I was being lectured to now. “The black heads in Florida?” 

“No, Alex, although they are…a problem.” She leaned back in her chair. “Our main problem is still disease.   

“Janus mentioned the disease, it was why everyone came here, but I thought all that was long ago, part of the war.” 

She looked across at me. “What do you know of the war?” 

All these questions and it felt like she was jumping from point to point. “We called it the Great Separation in Kansas, the time when millions died and we stopped being able to communicate long distance, things fell apart, the cities crumbled, everything ended and started again.” 

“Everything ended and started again.” Wendyl echoed and she half smiled and stood, walked round the desk and across to a globe. “That’s probably the most accurate thing you said.” She spun the globe and turned to face me, stopping it with a finger. “In order to understand what’s going on now you have to understand what happened in the past, how we got here.” She slowly spun the globe and stopped it with her hand over Africa. “I like you Alex and I want you to help us; we need your help. I want you to know why we are here.” 

She gestured for me to go over to the globe and I stood beside her. As she spoke she pointed to the countries she mentioned on the globe. “It started with the same problem we have now, disease. Back then disease was hardly a problem in developed countries like America. Our hospitals and treatments allowed us to cure almost any disease and when new ones arose we quickly defeated them. In other parts of the world though, it wasn’t the same story. In Africa, for years, decades maybe, they had waves of disease. Ebola, Lassa fever and many others were fought and beaten but at a terrible cost in lives and money.” 

“While half the world was flourishing, the other half was dying and over time the developed half turned their back on the rest, closed their borders and left them to their fate. It was an insular world then, maybe ironic considering that now we crave the ease of communication and movement they had then.” She looked at me and I nodded mutely, trying to take in what she said. 

“Eventually a new disease arrived, one which killed more violently and efficiently than any before and that’s saying a lot. It was first described by a Spanish doctor, working in Kenya who came across it as it wiped out villages on the Tana River. He called it *La Muerte Roja*, as it turned its victims bright red, as their blood cells broke down and then they haemorrhaged from every orifice.”

“The terrible thing about this disease was that it took hold so quickly. It incubated for a few days, during which time the person was incredibly infections with their blood, sweat and spit able to infect on touch. Then it would hit them and in a few hours they would collapse into a bloody puddle as every cell in their body ruptured. Often until they were almost dead the victims were able to walk and blood soaked victims would wander from their homes and die in the street. The Red Death killed everyone it touched with great pain and the terror was huge. 


She turned and moved back to her desk and I followed. I felt the cold trickle of fear spread down my back. “But that didn’t happen in America did it?” 

“No,” she agreed as she sat down. “America was different, but that was later and we’re getting ahead of ourselves. The disease spread across Africa and wiped humanity from the continent. Even the developed countries, arrogant in their superiority, could not ignore this, but within a week it had killed a hundred thousand people and in a few months millions were dead. It took a little over two years to wipe out almost every human in Africa. More than a billion dead.”

“After trying to help, the countries of the world instead decided to quarantine the entire continent and to a degree they were successful. A few outbreaks happened elsewhere but they were violently controlled and the world’s luck held. After five years the only people left alive were a few who had hidden and most of those had died from starvation, the entire continent had collapsed.” 

“The quarantine held for a long time but after a few years people began to wonder if it might not be safe to go back. A few investigations were made and it seemed the disease had burned itself out. The continent was declared safe and the world breathed a sigh of relief. Without new victims the disease had finally run its course and no new cases were discovered. 

“The prize was too great though, a vast area of land now with no people, no one to claim it and with no one to claim it, not for the first time in history a scramble for Africa began. Before the leaders had even agreed to meet, the armies started to move. China, India, America and many others started to seize land, it was inevitable at that point that war would follow.” 

“That’s what the war was?” I interrupted. “A war over a dead continent?” 

“At first.” Wendyl looked down at her hands and laced her fingers. “But it didn’t stay that way. Old grievances came out, accidents happened and before diplomats could work things out, bombs started to fall. Europe was the first to move into open war as squabbles over land acquisition led to fighting and nuclear war. Millions dead. Fighting erupted everywhere but the main war though was between the Chinese Empire and the alliance of Japan, America and India.” 

“The Americans started the war with bombs and satellite weapons, but they had vastly underestimated the Chinese. The Chinese had been working on weapons to fight the Americans for many years and they knew their enemy. They had the Russians too and both had been waiting for just this opportunity. They were known to have nuclear weapons but that wasn’t what they fired when they set their missiles loose. The missiles climbed into the sky and then spreading quickly, everything fell silent.”

“The Chinese had found a way to destroy the electromagnetic spectrum, to disrupt all communications, satellites, almost everything that used electricity; it all just… stopped.”

“The Great Separation.” I breathed out. 

“Yes. The Great Separation. But that was only the beginning of the end.” 


*****

Okay, we're finally getting into some back story! So this back story has been sitting in partly written forms for a good while now but it was how to present it. I'm not 100% convinced with having someone just flat out explain it to Alex so maybe in later drafts I'll find a better way to do it but for now I am happy to be finally getting some of this out of my brain into yours. The second half of this explanation should feed more directly into the plot as we move to learning about America and then San Benito's part in all this.Original prompt by: /u/BiagioLargo

*****

Alfred softly closed the heavy door and then, just for a moment, he put his back against it and sighed. Of all the waifs and strays that the Masters had brought home, this one was the most damaged and for once he was unsure if there would be a complete person at the end of the process. 

The moment passed and his resolve returned, propelling him up the short flight of stairs and back into the main cave, where Batman still worked on the main computer. Alfred watched for a few minutes as his fingers flickered across the keyboard – the staccato beat of the keys flashing almost as fast as the neural link attached to his temples. 

“She’s asleep again Sir.” Alfred didn’t expect a response, but he had been heard and so he waited for the response, sitting, to let his old bones rest a moment. 

At last the low gravelly voice reached him. “How long was she conscious for this time?” 

Alfred considered. “Maybe an hour, perhaps a little more?” 

The cowl turned to face him, the eyes narrowed in irritation. “She needs longer than that Alfred. If we keep knocking her out when she gets unruly then how is she supposed to work through everything in her mind? I told you to…” 

The sight of Alfred upset was not one that many had seen, but a small flash of it came through now. “And I told *you* Sir, that this process would take time. You think this is my first go around the block? I was deprogramming people long before you put on your first set of green tights!” 

There was a hesitation and then Batman raised his gauntlets to pull back his cowl. Alfred almost gasped at the deep rings underneath Dick’s eyes, the exhaustion making his youthful skin grey and pallid. 

Dick shook his head, his voice returned to normal now to cowl was down. “I’m sorry Alfred, I just… there’s nothing here, no information and if we can get through to her somehow... If we can just find out what happened…” 

He trailed off and a tear formed in his eye, but before it could fall Alfred had crossed the room and embraced him, as he had embraced the little boy who had come to this mansion nearly twenty years ago on the day of his parent’s death. 

Bruce’s death had hit him, had hit both of them hard, and he was again reminded that it was only if they stuck together that they could make it through this. After a moment Dick pulled back and Alfred let him go. 

“Master Dick, perhaps a fresh set of eyes might help.” He ignored the fact that his were almost as tired as the boy’s and his were a lot older. 

Dick waved him forward and in a few gestures pulled up a 3D image of a room on the main screen and then, at a touch, set it slowly revolving. “Here, using Holt's 3D mapping tech and the T-spheres, this is the room where we found… where we found him.” It was still too soon to say Bruce’s name. 

Dick touched the keyboard and a number of items highlighted, including the body. “Technological and magical scans showed absolutely zero trace in the room or outside. Ray is still going through the atomic level anomalies, but he’s not hopeful.” 

He touched the screen and the scene changed. “Here is where we found her.” The screen zoomed in on the face of the girl who had been lying, unconscious, outside the room where Bruce had been. 

Harley Quinn’s painted face seemed almost serene in the image, but it had spent the last 72 hours screaming and ranting as they had tried to detox her. She had, of course, been covered in trace material. Joker, Ivy and a dozen more of her friends had left DNA and more on her, as well as evidence from a dozen parts of the city. What had been missing was any sign of how she had come to be there and what she had to do with Bruce’s death. 

Dick sighed, a rasping rattle of exhaustion. “Alfred, if it was the Joker, then there would be some sign, this kind of killing isn’t his style. Even if it was him, where has he gone? Why not announce his final victory over the Bat?” 

It had been a small blessing. A call had come into Gotham PD about a noise dispute and when they arrived the scene had been set up carefully. The responding officers had taken one look and made a call back to HQ and less then four minutes later Dick had been on the scene, followed swiftly by more than a dozen colleagues. Dick could still picture Clark, almost shaking with rage before flying off without a word. 

The two cops had cleared the building, sealed the scene and then left it, as it would stay until Dick or Alfred agreed to release the scene. The owners in the other flats had already had their homes purchased and their belongings moved – none knew what it was about, but all were more than happy with the deals they had received. 

The scene was perfectly preserved… but it told them nothing and until it did, Dick had nowhere to focus his energy, except on the girl and she wasn’t talking. 

***** 

*Six months later*

***** 

Blows rained down until at last Dick saw an opening and quickly grabbed a wrist and spun. The attack faltered and as he twisted away he gained the upper hand, allowing him to plant a boot firmly and send his sparring partner to the ground. 

She spat in frustration and hit the mat with her open palm, before taking a breath and pushing to her feet. “Okay darlin’ you gonna tell me how the fu…” Dick raised an eyebrow. “How the heck you did that?” 

Dick smiled, at least she’d finally started to censor herself. “You concentrate on the attack too much and you’re not mindful of the whole fight. You need to know where you are at all times and where *I* am too.”  

Harley raised an eyebrow. “Okay, ah've no fuckin' idea what you mean.” 

Dick suppressed a smile. It had been Alfred’s idea to train her, Dick had been reluctant, but it was the Bat family way – fighting so that the external pain let you find resolution to your internal issues. “I just mean you have to keep your eyes open more, and watch what I’m doing, instead of planning your next strike all the time. We're not using sledgehammers here, the fight moves fast.” 

Harley nodded. “Maybe say that next time then sugar.” She began to unbind her hands and stretched up, exposing a little more of her body that Dick was comfortable seeing. He turned away, busying himself by clearing up the equipment they had used to train. 

Despite her being almost normal for months now, it was impossible to forget all the times before, when she had been with… him. They didn’t use the J word out loud anymore, the presumption was that he was either dead or the death of Bruce had caused him to retire. Either way he didn’t seem to be returning. 

Harley had progressed incredibly quickly after the first few weeks when Alfred had broken her chemical dependencies and then begun putting her mind back together. She was unbelievably strong and soon had been able to resume degree of normality, although that night had never returned to her. 

The building where it had all happened was still sealed – it would stay that way for a few more months and then Dick planned to have it bulldozed and turned into an orphanage. Bruce would approve of that, he hoped. 

The rest of the world had kept on turning. Wayne Enterprises had stumbled when learning of the death of its founder in a tragic skiing accident, but the world had been unsurprised. Bruce's long term cover as a playboy means that there were the usual murmurs about a 'wasted life' and then it dyed down. The only ones truly missing him were the tabloid editors. 

After an initial fall, the share price of Wayne Enterprises had actually risen, as Dick, a Harvard graduate and Bruce’s long nominated heir, had taken over the board and begun a programme of expansion. Dick found it almost insulting to his mentor, but he pushed forward with the image of himself as a well groomed young executive and tried to block out the people who insulted his friend. 

Dick almost jumped as Harley’s hand gently touched his shoulder and traced across his back. “So you gonna take me out sometime doll? Show me the ropes on the street?” 

Dick’s pulled away. “I told you Harley, you can cut the baby and doll crap – I’m not either of *them* and the cutesy stuff doesn’t work on me. If you want something then earn it.” 

Harley shrank back, she was still unsure how to behave sometimes when she was trying to get something she wanted. All she had been able to do for years was to play her little act and hope that she’d have something given to her. The concept of earning something, or being allowed to make her own choice was foreign to her. 

Dick continued to pick up the various training pads and turned around to find Harley waiting. With his hands full he couldn’t stop the first blow that hit him square in the face, but he ducked in time to avoid the second. 

Harley was clever and anticipating his move she had already begun her kick, hitting him low enough to send him off balance and following up with a scissor kick. Dick blocked and then carefully began to work his way back into the fight, matching her blows until they were almost at a standstill. 

Harley lashed out wildly, her arm easily avoided by Dick and he caught her elbow. “Control.” He muttered. 

“Be mindful” She shot back with as her hand opened and Dick realised just a second too late that she had taken one of the tiny flash bangs from the armoury and now let it drop. 

He fell back, dazed and she was on him, knocking him to the ground with a sweep and then straddling his chest, her hand on his throat. She smiled as he gazed up, bemused. “Take me out. I’m ready.”

 
*****

Harley ran her bare hand over the leather in her costume, feeling the change where the Kevlar reinforcements changed to solid plates and tracing her way across each one. Dick glanced across from the driver’s side of the car and then slapped her hand down once again. 

“Stop doing that, it looks… weird.” The only costume that Harley had been able to fit into was once of Barbara’s old Batgirl ones, but she filled the suit rather more than Barbara had and it left some areas a little… stretched. When Dick had sent her a picture to check she was okay with Harley using it, the reply had been a series of dramatic emoji that Dick had taken to mean approval. 

Harley stopped and made a face. “So does little ‘ol Alfred really hand make these? He’s gotta lot of hidden talents!” 

Dick smiled. “He did in the early days, but by the time that one was made we had more friends and we found a guy who we can trust to do most of the work. Bruce always added a few little extras though.” Even saying his name still hurt a little, but Dick was determined not to make it a taboo.  “Now put your glove back on, the last thing we need is your fingerprints showing up all over town.” 

Harley complied, but stuck out her tongue. “So what’s the plan tonight? Are we haunting the alleyways, or going after some mook and his goons?” 

The engine suddenly cut as Dick switched to the electric motor and suddenly there was silence, replacing the meaty roar of the big V8. They had reached the outskirts of Gotham and were entering the area where most of the abandoned factories sat – an area Harley knew well. Many of these had been hideouts once and while it was hard to remember specifics, it felt familiar here. 

“Neither – we’re here following a lead on Bruce’s case.” Harley felt the chill in his voice grow as he prepared to become the Bat. “An informant says this is the last place he saw the… he saw the lead suspect and now that you’re ready, I thought it was time to investigate.” 

The unspoken, but understood addition was that this was a test, for her. The change in voice and the realisation of the destination sucked the last of the fun out of her and as they silently pulled to a stop she felt calmer and ready. 

Using the grappling gun to head to the roof was a thrill, but she resisted the urge to hoot as they were pulled up – Dick would disapprove and she was desperate to show that she could do this. If he would just let her help, then she could get out of the mansion a bit more; she knew why she had been kept there and was grateful, but Alfred was only so interested in talking about celebrity gossip. 

Barbara and the girls from the Birds of Prey had been nice to her, but there was a slight coldness – she had fought and hurt them all and it would take time for them to trust her. It was taking everyone time. 

From the roof they made their way inside and Dick signalled for her to stay close. She watched him moving lithely across the ceiling, swinging like the acrobat he had been born to be, as he made his way through wrecked floors, down to the area where the base had once been. 

The smell, suddenly it all came back to her. This place, she had been here and with… with him. They had been planning a robbery of some sort and based here for a few weeks. Down below they had slept on a giant whoopee cushion that was actually quite uncomfortable and she had disliked that the goons had slept all over the floor. At least it was safe here because they had made sure to… 

“Dick, no!” the sound of his real name snapped his head around and he saw where she was pointing just as he passed the point of no return and his hand touched down on the rigged wooden beam.

Instinct kicked in and a split second before the explosion went off he had moved, but the blast still caught him, knocking him back and then sending him tumbling down into the darkness below. Harley froze, unsure what to do, but it only lasted a second and she released from her hold and dropped down through the hole. 

She fell for longer than she thought, but had time to see the ground coming and landed and rolled, only winding herself slightly. She ended in a crouched position and then looked around quickly. *Be mindful* she told herself. 

Dick had landed hard and Harley ran to his side, but he was already groaning and trying to move. “Jesus D..” 

“Batman!” 

“Sorry sweetie, yeah, Batman. Sorry. I forgot, I only remembered when I smelled this place and I …” 

“What was that noise?” Dick propped himself up on an elbow, wincing. He ran his hands down his arms and legs to check for injury. 

Harley smirked. “So you can do that, but I…” 

Dick’s look silenced her. “The noise.” 

Harley stood and looked around. “I really don’t think that…” 

The creature seemed half human and half… something else. It came from the darkness running as softly as a ballerina, but with a body as hulking as Solomon Grundy. Its face was twisted into a demented smile that covered almost every other feature. 

It swept forward and grabbed Harley, throwing her back into the wall and knocking the wind from her, before turning to the still prone Dick and sending a vicious kick into his ribs. 

Harley rolled forward, leaping up and then throwing herself forward, landing on the beast’s back. “You gotta do better than that to hurt me puddin’” She raised his fists and smashed them down into the beast’s head and then spun around it, sending it staggering into the wall. It rebounded back, but she was there, smashing its head into the concrete 

A batarang was in her hand as she pulled the beast back, slamming it to the ground, onto its back and she pressed the sharp metal into its neck. “No more games for you!” 
She raised her hand, but it was caught – Dick stood behind her, solemn. 

“We *don’t* kill.” He held her hand until the realisation came into her eyes and her arm went limp. 

The beast roared and grabbed at Harley’s foot, but Dick only glanced down and casually dropped a capsule which released a gas into its face. The creature sneezed and then its head dropped back and it began to snore. 

Harley shook her arm loose. “I wasn’t…” She avoided Dick’s gaze. “Okay, this way. That should be the only one of… of those, but if it’s still here then maybe some of the others are too.” 

Dick followed, watching her carefully and holding his ribs. At least one had broken, but he was able to function. Harley led them deeper into the factory until at last the came to the main area where the Joker had set up camp. 

They watched from the outskirts as four of Joker’s goons cooked something over a fire. Harley recognised them all; they were low level and when Dick gave the signal they all went down easily. She stayed back keeping far enough away in the hope they wouldn’t recognise her, but pointed to Knock Knock, who had been the smartest. 

Dick hauled him to his feet and held him close. “Tell me what I want to know.” 

The goon gibbered in fear. “I don’t know nothing *nothing!* We aint seen the Joker in months – he just stood up and went one day, I swear!” 

Dick paused. “What do you mean? Where is the Joker?” He paused for a moment. “And where’s Harley?” 

Knock Knock shook his head. “I swear, the girl went missing a few days before. The boss said we might look for her, but he changed his mind, said she was trash and he’d find something new. Then a few days later he’s sitting right there…” He pointed to a spot by the fire. “… and his face goes all strange. He says that it’s over and then he looks all at peace and walks out. He don’t tell us what to do or nothing, so we waited here!” 

Dick looked across to Harley, who shrugged. “He dropped the man and pointed to the way out. “Go, all of you. It’s over, he’s not coming back. Get real jobs and a real life, or I’ll find you and make you wish you had.” 

The goons scrambled to flee, unaccustomed to this generosity and determined to put as many miles as possible between them and the Batman. Harley closed in as Dick stood by the fire. “So, you belied him? You think Joker just left?” 

Dick shook his head. “I think that’s all they knew, but the truth? It’s not here. That thing will be out for hours yet, we can send the GCPD to clean this place up.” With a last look around he walked out and a moment later Harley followed. 

***** 

Alfred poured the tea into the good china and added a drop of milk for himself and a squeeze of lemon for Dick. Dick had taken years before he had come around to tea, but now that he had, he enjoyed it in the proper way. Earl Grey with lemon, Alfred approved. 

He placed the tea in front of Dick. “Was she in control?” 

Dick reached out, wincing at the pain in his rubs. “At that moment, no. Can she get to where she can be an asset?” He let out a sigh. “I just don’t know. Her potential is… it’s incredible. She’s barely trained and is *years* ahead of where she should be. But can she be what she needs to be?” 

Alfred hid his smile with a sip of tea. “Once there was a young wayward boy who Master Bruce worried was too set on finding his parent’s killer for vengeance. He turned out alright.” 

Dick laughed. “He had a lot of help.” 

The smiled faded as Alfred at last turned to the issue at hand. “And so no more information on either Bruce or the Joker?” 

The tea rattled in the saucer as he placed it back down. “No, but honestly, when that man told me about the Joker, I believed him. Wherever he is, I think he’s done. He and Bruce were linked somehow and perhaps when he died it freed the Joker.” 

“So what now?” Alfred raised an eyebrow. 

“Now?” The steel slipped into Dick’s voice. “Until we find something new, we simply have to keep the city safe. The mission never ends.”