blacksponge
The black cloud bubbled and drifted around the small box Raul called his home, “Ha-ha-ha! That caught your attention, didn’t it?” the fog brushed against the kitchen table, “I knew that you *knew!*”

Raul’s head was pounding, his heart was beating out of his chest. He realized the seriousness of the situation, but he found it hard to think straight. He silently prayed that this was just another one of his nightmares, something conjured up from his recent appointment with Steffens.

The haze twirled above him, along the ceiling-fan, “Don’t go *soft* on me now, Raul. Let’s start a dialogue, you and I!”

Words did not come easy to Raul, despite the situation he felt a little giddy, having spent most of the night laughing with his mates, “Could you not?” was all he could muster. 

Another deep laughter originated from the smog, “Praise the night, he speaks!” it said, circulating his feet.

“Well, Raul, that is *entirely*,” the black puff wriggled, “up to you. Isn’t it?”

“Stop your riddles, shadow! I,” Raul stumbled across the discarded juice-box, yellow liquid sprayed across the floor, “you picked a funny time to start a chat with me, you know?”

An all too familiar grin crept across the darkness, “On the contrary, this is the *perfect* time for you to be conversing with the *shadows!”*

The void sighed, “Very well! Let’s get to it. You’re special, Raul, *real* special,”

Raul closed the refrigerator door slowly, he didn’t feel special. He felt cursed. Not only did he have to lose his wife, she’d haunt him, too. And now, some evil darkness has the power over her immortal soul? What a joke this universe is.

Raul snickered morosely, “Special isn’t the word I’d use, but sure, I am not like the others. I am cursed with supernatural sight, as you’ve probably figured out, seeing that you’re here. Threatening me. Tell me, what should I call my tormentor?”

The vapor considered this for a few moments, “You may call me… *Oscuro*,”

“See, I’ve been following you for a while, Raul. You hide it well, but no one can truly hide their torment, not from me. Your *true* feelings bubble to the surface when you ignore her, Raul. It’s in your involuntary muscle twitching, in the way you clench your *jaw*. It’s clear that she affects you. Even in death. Jean might not see it, but I do!” 

The gloom danced across the stack of dirty dishes in the sink, “Now— Though I am able to see things others do not, some things elude even *me*.”

Raul pulled out a wooden chair and let the edge of the table support his weight, “And I suppose there are things that I can see that you do not?” 

“It’s quite impressive how you put two and two together, Raul, *yes*. I need you to find someone who doesn’t wish to be found.”

“What can you tell me about this someone? How will I know when I’ve found my target?” Raul said, growing more impatient by the minute.

The dimness started to drift towards the large window that overlooked the city, “Look for a person, a female, hiding among the crowds, in plain sight. Someone who doesn’t *belong*. A gray haze will envelop her like an *aura.* I imagine it will offend your senses, you’ll probably feel dizzy.”

“Oh,” the darkness said casually, “I almost forgot!”

A sharp pain burned on Raul’s left wrist, he grabbed his arm and watched as a small black tattoo was being drawn up on his flesh. Two horizontal lines, with a third line connecting the start of the first line, to the end of the last one. 

“Simply draw blood on that mark, point at the target, and— that’s it. Don’t worry about losing that mark, it’s permanent!”

The black gave another oversized smile, “There’s no strict deadline, but perhaps you could make this a priority? If I see that you’re not properly… motivated, I will start tearing away *pieces* of Jean until there’s nothing left. Sounds good? *Great*. Talk to you soon!”

And just like that, the darkness let itself out the window, and disappeared into the night.

Alone again, Raul went for the window and looked at the small lights below. He wished for nothing more than to be oblivious to all this otherworldly business like the rest of humanity, to be one of those small lights. 

Raul gazed into the night-sky and saw colors dancing. Ghastly green, blue and orange lights. Not unlike an aurora. The spirits were making the most of hereafter tonight, it would seem.
*****
I'm not sure how far we can go with this story, but I am enjoying the journey, want me to keep going? Thank you for reading this far!

 |Raul stood outside his favorite pub, The Tiny Crane. On his way inside he had to stop himself from flinching as the ghost of a large man strutted out, startling him. He seemed happy, something in the way he walked. Raul stopped himself analyzing the apparition, lest he be noticed. His dead wife was nowhere to be seen, not entirely unusual. 

“Over here!” a man shouted and beckoned with his hands from where he was seated, it was Charlie. He was seated in a black-leathered sofa in the corner of the room, a small bowl of salted peanuts in front of him. 

Raul approached him, “Hello, Charlie,” he said, “Listen, I’ll grab a drink, then join you— alright?”

Charlie looked both happy and sad at the same time, “For sure, I’ll save you a seat.”

The bartender, Jeff, noticed him quickly, “Hold on sir, I’ll get to you in a second,” he said to someone in the thick crowd that was huddling the bar counter. Jeff locked eyes with him and grabbed a bottle of Laphroaig and put it in front of him, “The usual, I take it?”

Raul nodded, “Yes, triple-shot of whiskey and a Guinness.”

Someone tapped him on the shoulder, unsure if it was actual human touch, he pretended to ignore it for a few moments before turning with unfocused eyes.

“Hey! Don’t be a stranger!” a female voice pouted, it was Tabitha. Raul supposed the whole pity party was now assembled. He sighed loudly and rolled his eyes theatrically.

Raul leaned over the counter and grabbed the bottle of Laphroaig before Jeff had a chance to use it, “On second thought, I’ll take the whole thing.” 

“Just see that he makes it home OK, right, Tabitha?” Jeff said in a surprisingly serious tone. 

After they sat down with Charlie, the group tried their best at keeping it light, having a good time. Raul also tried hard to loosen up, despite the knowledge that his friends was tip-toeing around the issue of his late wife. Raul took a large swig of the dark liquid and poured whiskey into three empty glasses, being mostly successful in his endeavour.

Something that looked like a small angry lightning cloud flew past them lazily. Raul nodded to the cloud before catching himself. The cloud stopped and puffed some air towards the ceiling. He supposed this gesture was what passed as a shrug for such beings. He would probably not set off any otherworldly alarm bells as long as he was intoxicated inside a bar.

Tabitha gestured towards Charlie, clearly wanting him to say something. Charlie hesitated for a few moments, “So… Raul, how’re you holding up? We’re worried about you!” 

The inevitable question that he didn’t really know how to answer, “You know… one day a time,” he thought he noticed something dark out the corner of his eye, he took a second to look around the bar. Nothing.

Tabitha coughed, and looked at him with genuine concern, “You seem unusually tense, is everything OK?”

Now that she mentioned it, where was Jean? She usually never left his side for more than a few hours at a time. He had gotten used to her presence, her quips that would land in between the crying and pleading. She would’ve no doubt told Tabitha to keep a healthy distance from him. He chuckled. 

“You know what, it’s getting late— Thanks for this, really,” Raul began, “I almost forgot my misery there for a second, I really appreciate the concern, but I should probably go sleep this off.”

“Alright…” Charlie and Tabitha said in unison as Raul stumbled to his feet, “We’ll see you make it home in one piece!”

Charlie waved down Raul’s protest before it could even begin, “It’s decided, let’s go.”

They made a couple more light-hearted jokes and a complete re-telling of their favorite stories as they walked home, to Raul’s single room apartment.

“If there’s anything you need, you call us!” His friends said to him, he nodded and closed the door. 

Now then, where was Jean? He nonchalantly bumbled around his apartment, but there was no wailing, no screaming. It was quiet. It was never quiet.

“You and I have a lot to talk about… *Raul*,” a dark voice boomed. 

Raul turned around slowly, pretending to do it despite the commanding voice, he attempted to look through the large shadow, as if it wasn’t there.

“Don’t do that, I know that you *know*,” it continued.

Raul started to walk towards the kitchen-area with practiced disregard for the spirit.

“You *wound* me, Raul,” the dark voice slithered as Raul went for the refrigerator, grabbing a juice-box. 

“I suppose I’ll just have to eat your wife’s soul, then.”

Raul dropped his juice-box.
*****
Like mentioned in part I, I'll follow-up with part III tomorrow at the earliest. Thank you for reading!
 
 |“Sometimes I feel like she’s still here,” Raul said, “just out of earshot.” 

Raul found himself in a sizeable room with two windows, a table, a single chair and an aquamarine-colored sofa, which he was currently laying across on his back, his feet dangling over the edge. He sighed, sure this grief counselling could be instrumental in helping normal people with normal loss, but— Raul glanced towards the windows where his late wife, Jean, stood. She was peeking through the blinders. He was just not sure that anything could save him from his personal hell. At least she wasn’t screaming anymore.

Steffens nodded understandingly and leaned forward from his designer chair, his hands crossed, “And… how does that make you *feel*?” fragments of light from the blinders quartering his face into sections. A large shadow lingered just at the edge of the room, by the bookcase.

“Heartbroken, sad, without purpose…” Jean cut in, interrupting Raul’s train of thought.

“Raul?” Steffens said, a mixture of concern and understanding in his voice.

Raul cleared his throat, “I uh, feel…” he blurted, “helpless.”

Steffens simply nodded, “Take your time, it may feel that way now, but it will get better over time, I promise.”

Raul scoffed inwardly, not likely. Maybe this was the wrong approach, he didn’t need a therapist, he needed an exorcist. It would be one thing if Jean was all that he saw. The shadow shifted from one side of the bookcase to the next. That would’ve been manageable, maybe even preferable!

It started when he was just seven, he would see things no one else did. Apparitions, ghosts, recently deceased. Demons. He was terrified of them. Terrified of finding out if two-way communication was possible. He never attempted it, not once. Instead, he learned how to zone them out, to ignore their howls. Their offerings, their bargains. Had he not practiced ignoring the spirits for twenty-one years straight, he would’ve not been able to ignore his wife’s torment, even if it was just barely possible.

“It’s like I’m haunted, I see her,” Raul said, trying his best to ignore Jean who now stood next to the seated therapist, tears streaming down her petite face, “I see her everywhere I go,” his heart seemed to skip a beat. 

“I’m right here! Why can’t you see me!?” Jean shouted, storming out the closed door, passing through it like it wasn’t there.

Screaming again, not that Raul could blame her, the circumstances were hardly fair. 

Steffens continued to nod in understanding, he was annoying like that, “I feel haunted sometimes too, it’s normal, Raul.”

A large grin crept up on the shadow that now hovered above Steffens, the size of its mouth would’ve put the wingspan of a bald eagle to shame. Raul shuddered inwardly, trying to keep his composure. 

Steffens had no idea how right he was.
*****
If you're from today's Writing Prompt thread, thank you for following up! I'm going to continue part III tomorrow at the earliest. Thank you all for reading!Raul watched as the sun rose in the distance. He hadn’t slept a single minute; how could he have? He had spent the small hours of the night calculating with whatever brain capacity he had left to spare. Raul felt drained, not doing his aching head any favors. Raul still felt the lingering effects of alcohol in his body, but he’d never been soberer in his life. He could escape from his curse no longer.

Raul watched as the sun crept up ever higher in the sky, darkness being forced away by unrelenting beams of light. That thought alone was strangely cathartic.

He needed to find out more about the darkness, *Oscuro*, as it had named itself. Who was this woman, and of what consequence was she to the spirit? Was it even a spirit? For having the sight, he knew surprisingly little about the creatures that he shared this city with. It’s not like he could talk to anyone, either. He was alone.

Raul was no fool, he knew instinctively that he’d be trading one soul for another. It was all his fault, too. If he’d been better at hiding his emotions, then Jean’s soul wouldn’t be in jeopardy. He wouldn’t have to throw someone else under the bus. But he would. He didn’t hesitate on this point, and that scared him a little.

If nothing else, it would buy some time for the unavoidable follow-up task. Call him old-fashioned but trusting a grinning shade didn’t seem very intuitive. Until he knew more about the darkness he would have to assume that it could be anywhere Raul was, at any time. At least until weaknesses could be established. Still, he had to go forward with the belief that it could not read his mind, based on the conversation he had with it. He’d lose anyway if that was the case, so that position did not seem to be worth considering.

“Cast out the darkness…” he thought to himself, he looked over the tattoo he’d received hours earlier, “Perhaps some sort of baseline could be established?” 

Raul went for the kitchen, grabbed a pitcher of water he’d filled earlier in the night and gulped the rest of it in one swig. He equipped himself with a mostly-fresh white t-shirt from the pile next to his bed.

It was almost noon now; the city was bustling with noise and people rushing to be somewhere else. Raul jumped on his gray rusted bike parked in the inner yard of the high-rise he lived and drove off. He had a very particular spot in mind.

Raul parked in the middle of the city square, the sun was now at its highest point, it appeared just above the glass sculpture that he now stood before. A series of glass shaped in an interesting pattern of diagonals. While interesting to look at and probably the subject of much prestige for the sculptor, that’s not why he chose this spot.

The sculpture was engineered to reflect light around its immediate area so brightly that no shadows were cast in its area of influence during the day, about ten meters in diameter. Now he just needed to *accidentally* splash some blood on his accursed tattoo. Raul pretended to do his shoelaces, picked up a piece of gravel and quickly ran it across the black sign, first a white line appeared, then a small streak of red. He pointed at the sculpture. At first Raul felt a miniscule vibration, but it soon grew into a burning sensation, it felt like he had put his arm into a bonfire! He clenched his teeth and focused his waning concentration on not screaming out loud.

Oscuro descended upon him, slithering around the sculpture of light, perverting it with its darkness, “Raul, while I *admire* your go-get-them attitude, this hardly passes for a woman. Do you really wish to waste my time like this?”

The pain receded in Raul’s arm, but it still felt raw. Like somebody had hit his shoulder on a nerve with a hammer.

“I suppose the logical approach is out the window,” Raul thought to his own dismay.

“What the hell was that? It was like my arm was set on fire!” Raul angrily remarked under his breath towards the void.

The black vapor bobbed slowly in the air in front of him, clearly bored, “Summoning me can take its toll on the human body, Raul, I recommend you only do so when necessary. It would be a shame if you expired before I get what’s mine. A *real* shame.”

Raul swallowed hard, “It was an accident, I’m sorry. I’m just riding around on my bike, seeing if I could catch your nausea inducing woman. Must’ve cut myself on it.”

The dark cloud slowly ascended towards the sky, “Accident or not, the next time better be what was promised. Jean would agree, *trust* me.”

And once again, he was left to his own thoughts. Surrounded by the people and phantasms of the city, abandoned. Raul needed help, but he didn’t know where to start. He needed to display some goodwill in between his prodding for information. Raul couldn’t risk angering the shadow again, he had no choice but to humor Oscuro, to find the lady surrounded by a gray haze. 

He needed to destroy a soul to save another.
*****
I hope you enjoyed this part. I might have to think a bit more about how far I want to take this story in the next chapter, what characters to introduce and so on. Stay tuned. Thank you for reading!

 |Raul immediately jumped on his bike and began his search for the lady in gray. He was exhausted after his encounters with Oscuro, not to mention the sleepless night before. But he couldn’t stop. He needed to find something, some lead, anything! 

The city of Nento was not the largest one around, but it still had a considerable population of around a million. Raul had lived there all his life, only occasionally travelling elsewhere for work. Nento was like most cities; large skyscrapers everywhere you looked close to the center, and smaller houses taking over the further you travelled into the suburb areas. 

Raul biked around, almost in a trance. Scanning and quickly dismissing people, spirits, elementals and other odd creatures that were hiding amongst the living. He almost hit an old man with his bike while glancing over the street at the hoard of pedestrians. 

“Sorry, I didn’t see where I was going!” Raul quickly apologized, before he continued his frenzied search.

There were some oddities that distinguished the city of Nento from others of its size. On the western edge of the city lay abandoned buildings, dilapidated store-fronts, overgrown parks. The locals called it Pineham, and though there had been several efforts to revitalize the area, nothing ever happened. Some people thought it was haunted, most thought it had a lack of funding. Only rough-looking men and women, drug-addicts and other loose people would ever enter this place. And they usually had a long list of locations they would rather visit before landing in Pineham. 

Raul breathed heavily as he came to a stop with his bike. He’d only passed by Pineham from a distance before, never having any reason to enter the area before now, but he was desperate. He saw a ghost of a man, he was wistfully walking in the middle of the abandoned road, away from him, covering his ears with his hands. He looked a little unhinged in the way he quivered and swayed, Raul decided to give him a wide berth as he walked inside.

Apparitions flew above him, leaving streaks of pale amber, azure and verdant colors. It was amazing and peculiar all at the same time. Raul walked for a couple of minutes, it didn’t take long before he came across a scruffy looking person, he was leaning on the wall of a crumbling building.

The man quickly noticed Raul, “You… I don’t recognize your face, but no matter. I have just what you need, whatever that may be. Come here, let me help you out, friend.” 

Raul took a quick measure of the man, he wore an old dirt-covered dark blue raincoat, and an unkempt brown beard across his pointy face. Maybe some sort of dealer? Normally he would’ve ignored the man, but he was on the clock, might as well see if he’d know anything. Being in Pineham was a shot in the dark, anyway.

“Yeah, look, I don’t want drugs or anything. Maybe you could answer some questions, instead?”

The man gave Raul a scrutinizing look, “Sure, but it’s going to cost you all the same.”

“Oh, ok— Yeah, I have a little cash on me, here,” Raul handed the man a ten-dollar bill, which promptly disappeared from sight, “This might sound strange, but have you seen any… *odd* woman around here? Someone who appears out of place… Eh, how should I put it, someone who’s nauseating?”

“I might’ve seen someone who matches that description,” the man began as he held out his right palm towards Raul, giving a not-so-subtle grin. 

“Alright,” Raul put another ten in the open palm, “But that’s all the loose cash I have on me!”

“Excellent,” the man smiled, “alright, friend, I know of someone who’s not *all* *there* if you catch my meaning. A woman who is… how did you put it? Nauseating. Something in the way she moves. In the way she talks, yeah? Very odd, that one.”

The man scratched the back of his head, “I might sell some high-quality product to her from time to time. She was here today, a couple of hours ago, mid-day. There’s a park not so far from here, if you follow this here path, I’ve seen her hang around there.”

“Looks like Pike is going to lure another one into his trap,” a light voice sighed above Raul.

Raul looked up, the pale light-blue ghost of a young woman had suddenly appeared. She was sitting with her legs passing through the bars of a French balcony, completely ignoring the metal.

“Shame you can’t hear me, you’re about to have a very bad day, man. If only you could understand…” the ghost sighed again.

Raul locked eyes with the ghost for a few moments, he answered the ghost while seemingly answering the so-called-dealer, “I understand what you’re saying.”

The eyes of the ghost went wide, and Raul returned his gaze towards the man who had sold him bad information, “I’ll check it out, thanks!”

The lying man looked at Raul’s weird closing interaction a little confused, before he shrugged, “Glad to be of service…”

Raul started walking towards the alleged park, after making sure he wasn’t followed by the man he made a turn into an alley. He only had to wait a minute before the ghost caught up with him, “You can see me?!”

“It’s a bit of a mystery to me as well,” Raul said, “was what you said true, was I about to get screwed over by that man?”

The apparition hesitated, not quite sure how to process the situation, “Y-yes, Pike is a bad man. *Very* bad. You would’ve been ambushed by his crew, then held for ransom. Failing that, he would’ve sold your organs, if no one paid up.”

The underground-thugs cut up people in Nento? This was the first Raul had heard of such grotesque news, he shuddered.

“Sounds like I owe you my life…?”

“I’m Zoie!” she answered cheerfully, hints of long hair twisting in the wind, which was strange because there was none.

“Nice to meet you, Zoie, I’m Raul. You’ve already saved me once, but perhaps I could trouble you for some information, as well?”

“You kidding me? I haven’t talked to anyone in years, ask, anything!”

“I’m looking for a woman surrounded by a gray haze, it apparently envelops her like an aura. Is there anyone like that, here in Nento?”

The ghost frowned, “Why are you looking for a Gray Weaver? You have your mind set on dying today, Raul?”

“Gray Weaver? Tell me where I can find her, the life of my wife hangs in the balance!”

“If you have to go through a Gray Weaver to do so, she’s as good as dead, I’m sorry!”

Raul was trembling, the state of his tired mind was catching up to him, “Well, the thing is, she’s already dead. I’m talking about her soul, Zoie, I really screwed up!”

The ghost looked at Raul with sorrowful eyes, “I see— I know where you can find her. I can lead you to her.” 

“She’s not in Pineham, she lives closer to the city-center, but she doesn’t leave her apartment often. I’ll try my best to persuade you not to meet her on the way, let’s go!”

“Save it, I have to see this through, I cannot accept the alternative,” Raul responded quickly.

Something caught Zoie’s attention as they began walking, “Where… did you get *that*?”, she pointed at Raul’s tattoo.

“Oh this? It’s nothing, just a stupid tattoo, that’s all.”

“A tattoo, hm? You’re the first living person that has ever been able to see me, and you just so *happen* to carry the mark of a soul eater, etched to your wrist? Let’s not base our newfound friendship on lies, Raul.”

Raul stopped walking, “Soul eater?”
*****
I might've gone a little nuts on the length for one chapter here, but I hope you enjoyed it. I'm thinking perhaps two parts more for a conclusion to this story arc, but we'll see! Thank you for reading!

 |Zoie frowned deeply, “Yes, a *soul eater.* Don’t you know anything?”

Raul admitted to himself that he was a little behind in the afterlife knowledge department, but was he really to blame? No one else was like him, that he knew, at least. 

“Oh, I’m sorry, I must’ve skipped *Demon Creatures 101* back when I went to college. I’ve got no one to talk to about this stuff!”

“Well, you’re just lucky I found you before you got everyone you love killed, including yourself,” Zoie answered matter-of-factly. 

They started walking again, Raul led the way back to his bike, although taking extra precautions not to accidentally come across Pike again.

“Look, Raul, soul eaters are malevolent spirits by nature. They sometimes bind themselves to a host, like with you, in case of a mutually beneficial relationship— but, unless the host is very powerful, the soul eater usually finds a way to shaft the host. I’m sorry to say this, Raul, but you don’t strike me as very powerful,” Zoie explained, smiling as she called him weak.

Although Zoie wasn’t wrong, and she was being genuinely helpful, it still irked Raul a little to be called inadequate, “I’m just dead, then?”

“I’d say that’s an accurate assessment of your situation,” Zoie chuckled.

The specter was kind of impudent, but talking about his curse, about the things he sees, things he had so carefully ignored for decades, it was like a pair of anvils had been lifted from his shoulders, “And what about this Weaver? What does Oscuro, as the soul eater called itself, want with a so-called Gray Weaver?” 

Zoie fell silent for a few beats, “I don’t know, but it can’t be good. Weavers, as you may have guessed, are not human, probably never was,” she said, “you can usually find a couple of them where there is a large mass of people. They sew together the cracks that appear between both our worlds, Raul. See, they *weave* together—”

“Yes, *weavers*, I get it,” Raul interrupted, “why label this one gray, though? Isn’t it just a regular Weaver?”

Zoie sighed, “Unfortunately for you, no. A Gray Weaver is just like a regular Weaver, except they now adhere to no code. They may mend a rift, or they may not. Their intentions are not clear, you could say they’ve gone rogue.”

The wind had started to pick up, there was a subtle thunder roll far away, barely noticeable. The clouds had darkened in the horizon, shades of silver lining the underside of the clouds. A storm was building up in the distance.

“They are also incredibly powerful; a single Weaver could probably destroy a city like Nento, if they wished, simply by neglecting their duties,” Zoie warned, “fortunately, there is probably around six of them in a city this size, gray one included,” she paused, picking up on Raul’s anxiety, “chin up, I wouldn’t worry about it too much, regular Weavers are incredibly duty-bound.”

They were now back at Raul’s bike, just outside Pineham. Raul hopped on while trying to intuit Oscuro’s intentions, “Can a Weaver… *undo* this mending process of our two worlds?”

“I suppose that’s possible,” Zoie speculated, “you don’t think…?”

“I’m just preparing for the worst possible outcome,” Raul considered, glancing at the specter, “the one where I am the catalyst to the annihilation of a million souls.”

Raul suddenly planted his feet firmly into the ground, bike falling over, he grabbed his left arm tightly.

“What’s wrong, Raul?” Zoie asked with concern.

Raul held back a veritable ocean of pain while gritting his teeth, “*Hide!*” 

No sooner had Zoie hastily zipped back into Pineham, finding cover behind a ruined house wall, before Oscuro slowly crept up around Raul.

“Raul, I hope you don’t mind me checking up on you like this. Please tell me you have something, Jean is just *dying* to know where the woman surrounded by a gray haze is,” Oscuro’s dark voice boomed, some of the words seemingly a whisper.

The pain didn’t recede like last time, Raul’s left arm kept pounding. He didn’t know if he should reveal that he had learned that his target was a Gray Weaver, or that Oscuro himself was a soul eater, “Oscuro, how nice of you to set my senses on fire like this,” Raul groaned, “really helps with my concentration.”

“Oh *that,* I’m sorry. Is this better?”

The pain intensified exponentially, Raul collapsed to the ground, unable to breathe. The world was spinning, he could see red clouds creeping into the corners of his vision, threatening to snuff it out entirely. The bad weather was almost upon them, large streaks of lightning branched out across the skies.

The obscurity hovered above him, “I realize you haven’t been searching very long, Raul. But you need to realize that I have waited a long time to find this *woman*. I feel you’re not taking this seriously enough.”

Raul mustered what little strength he had left in his body to shake his head, he wanted to protest, but his conscious mind was slipping. Pure force of will kept him awake, he needed to scream, for he knew what would come next.

“It won’t destroy her, Raul… It’s just going to hurt. *A lot,*” Oscuro said, spreading a grin that had become permanently burned into Raul’s mind, sure to be a staple of his nightmares for years to come, should he survive.

Jean’s horrified scream filled the air around them, even though she was nowhere to be seen. The dark cloud that was Oscuro looked like it was outlined by a crimson glow. The black appeared to intensify, was it growing in power?

Raul managed to squeeze out what little air he had left in his lungs, flopping helplessly on the ground, in a guttural scream of his own. No eligible words escaped Raul’s lips, but his intention was clear.

Jean’s screams disappeared in an instant, “*Delicious*,” Oscuro continued, “so *good*. I don’t think I’ll be able to stop next time. Make sure you find your target soon, Raul, my patience is at an end.”

The pain finally receded, and Raul’s desperate abused body immediately began crawling through the dirt, towards the void, “I’ll kill you, I swear I’ll kill you!” 

Oscuro slowly drifted towards Raul, and his display of pure hatred, “*I wouldn’t bet on it.*”

The darkness flew up into the skies, quickly disappearing into the storm. Raul collapsed onto his back, arms wide. There was another loud crack of lightning and the rain began pouring down, masking his tears.
*****
I might be able to end this story-arc in the next part, it'll probably be much longer than any other part if that's the case. Thank you for reading this far!

 |Raul slowly pushed himself up to a seated position, breathing ragged uneven breaths, he felt lost. It was all too much, he was only human, how was he supposed to contend with the supernatural in his sleep-deprived, mangled body? Raul tried moving his upper-body, but it was like moving under the ocean while set on fire. Just thinking left traces of pain inside his skull. Raul felt a strong urge to shut his eyes, to fall asleep, he wanted for nothing more. He couldn’t be allowed to pass out.

“Zoie!” he shouted into the storm, his dirt-covered white t-shirt heavy with water, the meager weight threatening to topple him over.

Zoie flew out from her hiding spot and landed next to Raul, “I’m sorry, Raul! I saw everything, I couldn’t help you. I would’ve been no match for a soul eater.”

“Take me to her, Zoie,” Raul wheezed, sounding like he was at the late stages of some rare lung-disease, “Weaver.”

“You don’t look so great Raul, I think you need to go to a hospital—”

Raul slowly pushed himself up, first to his knees then to a hunched over standing position. A house of cards in his place would’ve appeared more stable. Finally, he locked eyes with Zoie, a burning determination that promptly interrupted her protests, “*Weaver*.”

The specter was taken back by Raul’s will, she didn’t know what to say. Raul slowly shambled towards his bike. He almost fell over when bending over to pick it up, “Let’s go,” he declared, smiling weakly.

Raul biked slowly at first. Shivering and cold, battered and broken— but unyielding. Raul pressed on, managing to find inner strength he didn’t know he had. Zoie flew just ahead, glancing back at Raul every now and then to make sure he hadn’t collapsed. She had almost forgotten what it was like to be human, how far a desperate individual could push themselves to meet their desires. In her mind both Raul and Oscuro were equally scary. No, Raul might be even scarier, he had nothing. No hope of success, no plan. A slender unimpressive human one gust of wind away from dying, but still willing to walk back into the fire. Jean was a lucky woman.

“Is it much further?” Raul asked, color had begun returning to his face. He managed to competently avoid a few pedestrians still outside in the storm.

“Almost there, just a few more blocks,” Zoie said, “have you given any thought on how to, eh, win? You were almost in a coma a few minutes ago, what’s the plan?”

Raul was silent for a few moments before answering, “The way I see it, it’s like chess. I only have my king left and I’m one bad move away from checkmate,” 

They came to a stop in front of a large skyscraper, “It’s here. To me this seems like a bad move, Raul.”

Raul stepped off his bike without parking it, letting it fall over unceremoniously, “Oh, I know, but we’re not playing chess.” 

The skyscraper’s automatic sliding doors opened, and Raul strode inside, “Great, now he’s delirious as well,” Zoie muttered to herself before she followed him, “I haven’t told you what floor she’s on yet!” she shouted after him.

The building had an impressive number of floors, even by Nento standards. Raul and Zoie stood in the elevator patiently waiting for the floor-number to increment to the right integer, “Really, she’s on the top floor?” Raul commented, growing impatient listening to the awful elevator-music.

“Yup, seventy-fourth floor,” Zoie answered slightly irritated, “same as last time you asked.”

The elevator bell made an annoying ding sound, and a pre-recorded female voice welcomed them to the seventy-fourth floor, “Finally!” Raul exclaimed.

An exquisite embroidered red and golden carpet lined the entire floor of the corridor, the walls were white and there were big oil-paintings here and there. Heavy wooden doors were evenly spaced in the corridor, they had golden oval plates with room numbers printed on them in black.

“It should be room 4167,” the apparition said.

They stopped in front of a door that looked like every other one on this floor, “This is the one, you can still turn back, you know,” Zoie suggested, knowing it would be in vain.

Raul chuckled, before having to cough again, “We haven’t known each other for very long, Zoie, but I like you. You’re funny.”

Just before knocking on the door Raul stopped himself, “Zoie, how do you know this is where the Gray Weaver is?” 

Zoie looked incredulously at Raul, “What?”

“You said it’s a regular Weaver gone rogue. Going rogue implies that they have gone off the expected path. Oscuro said she doesn’t want to be found. How do you know that this is where the Gray Weaver is?” Raul asked, his voice had a hint of anger boiling beneath the surface.

Zoie tried to stumble together a sentence under Raul’s scrutinizing gaze, “Raul, powerful Weavers give off a large amount of detectable power and—”

Raul interrupted, “Yes, that might be true, but this one explicitly doesn’t want to be found. Oscuro, *a soul eater,* needs my help to locate her. He didn’t enslave any number of the lost souls of Nento, he found me, enslaved *me!* You would think a being that devours souls could detect large amounts of power by itself! Explain yourself, who are you?”

“I… it’s not what you think!” Zoie blurted.

The door opened inwards, in the doorway stood a small woman in a brown cape, she had a sizeable amount of gray hair tied in a knot, “She’s with me, please,” she gestured inside, “won’t you join me?”

Raul took turns looking at both the alleged Weaver and Zoie before finally conceding, walking inside of his own will. After a very brief hallway the room opened, the largest wall was entirely made of glass, a spectacular window. A small rectangular bamboo matt was laid out aligned with the large window, a miniscule table sat next to it, easily reachable from a seated position on the floor. It was evidently filled with tea or some other hot liquid, steam rose slowly from it, the cup gave off a pleasant aroma of chamomile and wild-berries.

Raul thought his only play was bold honesty, to lay out all the cards on the table in front of the Weaver, he had no other moves left, “My name is Raul and before we get all chummy up in here, I just want you to know that I’ve been sent here by a soul eater named Oscuro, who’s kidnapped my wife’s soul. Likely with the goal of destroying you or using you to destroy Nento,” he said walking along the window, almost getting vertigo from the incredible height he found himself at. Raul faced the Weaver again, “I’m supposed to use this,” he presented the black tattoo on his left wrist, “splash blood on it and summon it after I found you.” 

“Honesty. So rare in today’s climate, well,” the old woman began, “why don’t you?”

Raul pondered on it for a moment, “I’m not sure, doing anything to save my wife would be the human thing to do. You seem nice, and don’t take this the wrong way, but I would trade your soul with Jean’s in a heartbeat. I suppose the reason I won’t… is because deep down I know Oscuro’s going to obliterate us both anyway, and you might offer an alternative path that I would not otherwise have access to.”

“What you’re saying is, if you knew that this *Oscuro* would keep his end of the bargain, and if the only death involved was mine, you would be fine with it?” the Weaver asked.

Raul didn’t hesitate for even one breath, “Yes.”

The Gray Weaver was surprised by Raul’s candid answer and started laughing out loud, “Honest to a fault, I like you already!”

The Weaver dried a tear of joy from her right eye with an index finger, “Raul, was it? A peculiar boy, you are. And you see all manners of spirits, elementals and other creatures… things no ordinary human can?”

“Since I was seven,” Raul continued in honesty, he saw no reason to stop while he was ahead, “hey, where’s Zoie?”

“I trust her with my location, not my arts, it’s too dangerous. She’s barred from entry, as is any ordinary spirit. You needn’t worry about this Oscuro accidentally stumbling into my home, either, Raul.”

The cogs didn’t click into place inside Raul’s mind, then what use was his branding? “It doesn’t make sense, if you are able to control spirits in this way, then what use is this?” Raul asked, shaking his tattooed wrist towards the old woman.

“Lesson one, listen carefully to others,” she snapped at Raul, “the keyword here being *accidentally*. If your intent was strong enough, Oscuro could be summoned into this otherwise safe area.” 

The small Weaver sat down on her bamboo matt and picked up the cup, “Lesson two, be inquisitive. While you eventually got there, how Zoie came by the knowledge of my location should’ve been the first thing you asked. You cannot afford to be manipulated so easily by those in the spirit realm. I could’ve been your executioner,” she chuckled, “I still might be.”

“Lesson…” the Weaver began before being rudely interrupted by Raul.

“Lessons? What are you talking about, we need to find a way to stop Oscuro before he can dismantle my wife’s soul completely!”

“Good. You’re asking questions; however, I kindly ask you to refer to lesson one before going on to lesson two and asking your questions,” she put her cup back down on the table after a few sips, “Lesson three, ask for help from those you can trust when you are lost. Like me, for example,”

“I say this with utmost respect. I’ve known you for all but two seconds, I don’t *trust* you, are you crazy?”

The Weaver turned her head, revealing an impossible amount of wrinkles as she smiled at Raul, “Lesson four, trust no one. Good.”

Raul stood silent trying to piece together this bizarre interaction, beginning to speak before stopping, before starting to speak again, “Wait, what?” he said at last.

“Have you never wondered *why* you can see into the spirit-realm, Raul?”

Raul thought back with bitterness on his life of ignoring the creatures that hovered just beyond the reach of normal human vision, a highlight-reel of awkward and terrifying moments played in the back of his mind, “I’ve always imagined it as a curse, I’m cursed.”

The Weaver’s eyes looked beyond Raul, through him, at memories he could not see, “Yes, sometimes it can feel like that, Raul,” she focused her eyes again, “but it’s not a curse. It’s a gift, and a great privilege. To see things for what they are, to not have wool covering your eyes,” she continued, “to keep both worlds from catastrophically spilling into each other.”

“Raul, the reason you can see into the spirit-realm isn’t because you’re cursed, or a freak,”

Raul felt like he was going insane, she couldn’t possibly be saying what he thought she was saying, “You can’t possibly mean…”

“Yes, Raul, you’re a Weaver!”
*****
Why is this starting to feel like an origin story? I didn't manage to end it yet, at least one more part is coming in this story. Thank you for reading!

 |“You must be mistaken,” Raul deflected, “I only see the dead and strange— I don’t have any latent powers!”

The rain had stopped pitter-pattering on the wall-sized window, thunder rolled at irregular intervals, travelling away from them. Raul felt dizzy, of course he knew that he was not like other people, but a Weaver? He just found out they existed altogether! He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do with this information.

The Gray Weaver gave Raul a quizzical look, “You’ve never tried reaching out into the spirit-realm, sensing a strong urge to manipulate it, feeling like you could?” 

She watched the thunder arch in the distance while taking the last few sips out of her beverage. 

Raul grew skeptical, perhaps she was mistaken, “Not sure, once or twice I’ve felt a kind of— resonance? But this is crazy-talk, how could I have gone my whole life as a Weaver without anyone— or *anything* noticing me? If I were a Weaver, shouldn’t I be radiating power?” he said.

The Weaver looked at him like he had just said the most ridiculous thing, “You *are* radiating power. It’s just very weak. Instead of getting stronger you’ve been turning a blind eye, you’ve ignored your gift. You’ve been pretending to be something you’re not!”

The old woman got up from her bamboo matt and faced Raul with a frown, pointing a finger at him, “You also forget that you *were* noticed! Oscuro might not realize why it started observing you, why it stuck around, it’s because of the slight power you emit!”

Raul caught himself before snapping out in anger, annoying as she was, it would explain a few things throughout his life, including the Oscuro situation. He had more pressing concerns, however. Telling him that he could’ve been more powerful had he practiced some mysterious magic did nothing to halt the very real possibility that he would be the reason for Jean’s permanent destruction.

Raul paced quickly back and forth a few meters at a time, trying to think of a solution, “Fine, let’s say I really am a Weaver, this doesn’t really change anything. Jean is still kidnapped by a damn soul eater!”

The Weaver chuckled, “It changes quite a bit, stupid boy. Although, it’s quite troubling that a soul eater has managed to bind itself to you,” her expression grew darker, “it complicates everything.” 

“I didn’t exactly have any say in the matter,” Raul sneered.

The Gray Weaver’s eyes narrowed, before a smile crept up on her ancient face, Raul didn’t like it. He has had enough of smiling spirits and strangers for the foreseeable future, “I can help free your wife, on one condition…”

Why was it never simple? Just once Raul wished that people and spirits didn’t have hidden agendas, “Condition…?” he sighed. He wasn’t sure how many more curveballs his mind could absorb before it imploded.

“You’ll become my apprentice, learn the ways of the Weaver. Understand that Weavers are extremely rare, add to this that you’ve also managed to fly under everyone’s radar until now, rarer still,” she continued, “the terms are non-negotiable,” she said and stared at him expectantly.

Raul wondered what choice he really had, he was likely only hours away from losing the only woman he ever loved, again. He relished the thought of not being in hiding anymore, at least not from everyone. Might be good to have someone to talk to about these things. If nothing else, learning how to create a spirit-free zone such as this apartment would be worth a few lessons. Might be worth all the lessons.

“I… agree to your terms,” Raul conceded, “though if I am to be bound to yet another stranger I should at least have your name, Miss?” 

“Good,” she gave a firm nod, “I am Kali.”

Kali produced a thick white piece of chalk from a hidden pocket underneath her brown cape, she began drawing strange symbols and letters, they reminded Raul of runes. He had no hope of guessing their meaning. Raul observed as the surprisingly nimble old woman drew the rune-like symbols all over the floor, they followed no distinct pattern he could follow, some symbols were grouped together in oval shapes, while others were connected by simple lines. Some letters began glowing a weak blue and red color, he suspected the colors were visible only because of his special sight.

Raul couldn’t contain his curiosity any longer, “What are all these symbols for, and why do some glow?”

Kali continued drawing diligently, her answer came so delayed he thought she had not heard him, “Trap,” she finally said, “we’re going to summon it right into this spirit-trap! Even soul eaters are bound by rules of the spirit,” Kali said knowingly, “the light is emitted as I connect them in different patterns, see,” she carefully gestured to a group of symbols, “these are connected.” 

Raul nodded in agreement before he did a double take, “Yes, summon it. We’re going to *what*?”

Kali continued the intricate pattern of chalk, “Don’t worry, it’ll be unable to extend its will beyond the scope of these symbols,” she sighed with a hint of anxiety, “it’s getting Jean out of the fray that will pose the greatest challenge. As a spirit, she’ll be trapped inside too.” 

Raul rubbed his temples, “If they are both trapped within, how exactly are we supposed to rescue Jean?”

Kali stopped drawing and got up, “It’s done. Two traps, one triggered by spirits entering the threshold, not unlike an animal trap. The other activated by command,” she said with a grim expression on her wrinkly face, “listen very carefully, if I am somehow incapacitated you must destroy them both. You must say the words with intent!”

Raul swallowed nervously, “What are the words?” he asked, not sure if he would ever be able to say them.

The old woman said the words very carefully, as not to accidentally trigger the spell, “Yag nàch”.

Raul nodded again, “I’m ready,” he lied. 

“Very well,” Kali said, “stand inside this circle here with me, and jump out after the summoning is complete, here,” she grabbed something from underneath her brown cape and handed it to him. Raul found that he had been given a knife, a slightly curved blade attached to an unremarkable handle made from wood. It looked like it had been on this Earth for one too many years, it was rough to the touch and it had one small crack at the base, “do as you were instructed,” she said. 

Raul took a deep breath and ran the tip of the blade quickly across his black tattoo, right next to his older wound from earlier. Blood started trickling down the side of his arm, Raul then pointed at Kali. His body ached as it recognized the sensation, anticipating the upcoming surge of pain. Raul grunted in discomfort as the black clouds began materializing around him. When he was certain that enough of Oscuro was inside the confines of the circle, he jumped out, finding the Weaver had already leaped out.

“Excellent work Raul! Looks like you are not so useless after all— Oh, I see,” the darkness seemed to realize his predicament, “you weren’t supposed to ally with her, Raul.”

“Let go of Jean, you demon!” Raul shouted at the obscurity. Oscuro brushed up against the invisible walls of his prison, sighing in disappointment. 

“I’m not about to give up my only *leverage*, Raul. Why don’t you say hello, Jean?” his dark voice a loud whisper.

A piercing scream echoed throughout the apartment, Raul begged in vain for the shade to stop.

Oscuro’s voice took on a reconciling tone as he spoke next, “I’ll forgive this minor transgression if you would just stop this foolishness and do the right thing! All you need to do is erase this obscene drawing with your foot, right here,” the void said, suggesting a spot, “go ahead!”. 

A part of Raul wanted to obey, but the darkness didn’t exactly inspire confidence, “Jean, if you can hear me, you must fight, tear yourself away from this monstrosity!”

Jean’s weak voice broke through, “I… can’t!”, she strained.

Raul’s mind raced as he thought of ways to free Jean, why didn’t Kali do something?

“*Cute*. You evidently work better under duress, Raul, so I think I’ll just rip away slabs of poor Jean’s soul until you come to your senses!”

More screaming. Raul was so infinitely tired of hearing his wife’s torment, this wasn’t the way it was supposed to be like. He wished suffering would be restricted to the living only, this was ridiculous, “Do something Kali!” Raul shouted out in desperation.

When Raul locked eyes with Kali he realized immediately what her cold eyes meant, she took a deep breath and began the activation command, “Yag—”

Oscuro sensed the danger and started throwing himself at all possible surfaces of the invisible wall, trying to find a hole to seep out of. Jean’s screaming stopped momentarily. 

“Don’t do it!” Raul yelled whilst jolting towards the symbols. He saw the black cloud angrily moving around its prison, it was distracted! Through the thick mist he could glimpse Jean’s petite face, she looked straight at him. He could still save her. 

Raul slid towards the circle and smudged out a section with his right foot, “Now, Jean!”

Jean managed to break away from the soul eater and flew towards the newly created opening. Oscuro noticed Jean’s escape and followed her with fervent determination, “Raul!” the soul eater boomed, a long dark tendril extended, attempting to drag Jean back into her prison.

“—Nách!” Kali commanded, the symbols aggressively emitted red light until an audible explosion of air surged outwards from the markings, the force was enough to cause Raul to shield his eyes in reflex.

Eerie silence hung in the room for what felt like an eternity to Raul.

“Jean?” He asked sheepishly into the room, he tried looking around to see if Jean had made it, he received no response. Kali walked slowly to him, and put a hand on his shoulder, “I’m sorry, Raul. It was a long shot, at best.”

Raul shook his head, trembling, “No, you’re wrong, she must be here somewhere. She made it, I know she made it!” he ran around the apartment, trying to see where she was hiding. This was just like her, playing games at the most inopportune times. She was just hiding, right?

“*Jean!*” Raul continued calling, voice cracking. It wasn’t supposed to be like this.

“…So, you could see me all along…” a faint voice said.

Raul ran towards the sound so fast he almost pulled a muscle, “Jean?!”

The almost invisible visage of Jean stood near the epicenter of the spirit-prison, she was in a rough shape after her clashes with the soul eater. Raul tried hugging her several times, before remembering himself.

“Jean, I… I’m sorry. I was a coward, I watched you suffer.”

Jean was silent for a while, “I now partly understand why,” she said, her voice still weak.

“Raul… I,” Jean continued, she extended her hand towards Raul, particles started breaking away from her ethereal fingers, “I don’t have long, Raul, thank you for saving me from the darkness, but…” she coughed.

Raul tried grasping at her quickly disappearing hand, “No! It’s not fair, I have so much I still want to say!”

Jean smiled, “I love you, Raul. See you on the other side,” 

“I love you, Jean, please don’t go!”

Raul fell to his knees as Jean scattered away into nothing, it wasn’t fair. His life hadn’t been fair for a very long time, he hoped dearly that he would be able to see her again. Hear her voice again. That was the last thought on his mind as he collapsed forward into a pile on the floor, his body claiming what it was due.

When Raul awoke he found himself on a bed, still in Kali’s apartment. He groaned.

“I thought I lost you there,” Kali chuckled, “here, drink this,” she said, handing him a warm cup of something.

Raul took the cup and carefully sipped the warm contents, it tasted bitter and spicy at the same time, he coughed. It took a few minutes for him to remember recent events, his body barely cooperating with his commands, “Thank you for helping me save Jean from Oscuro, Kali,” he finally said, sad and bitter about what had happened. He knew that without Kali’s help, however, that he would not have been able to say his final goodbye to Jean. 

“We did what we could, it went about as well as it could have, under the circumstances,” Kali responded. 

Raul put the hot cup on a round night-table made from wood, next to the bed. It was a strange sensation, losing someone you love, twice. In a way he’d already grieved his loss when Jean died the first time, but due to his special condition, he’d never really let go of her properly. He was going to need to be alone for a time after he was strong enough to walk out of this place. Raul still had a couple more questions for the Weaver before his self-scheduled collapse into a coma.

“Kali…” Raul began, “you never told me why you’re labelled a Gray Weaver, am I going to have to watch my back, becoming your apprentice?”

Kali frowned, “Let’s just say that the regular Weaver’s and I… Have some different approaches on how to keep the balance between our world and the next.”

“Vague. And there’s no assassin’s out to capture your new beloved apprentice in hopes of extorting you?”

“It would do them no good to capture you,” Kali smiled, “I’d let them have you.”

Even Raul’s lips were aching, he attempted a painful smile in response, “Give it time, and I’m sure you’ll break out the artillery to save me. But seriously, you’re not hunted, are you?” 

“Finish your tea and recover, Raul. You’re going to need to regain all your strength for the regiment I have planned for you,” Kali said, seemingly saving the answer for later, for when he could take it.

Raul picked up the cup again and sipped away at the mostly disgusting brew, Kali started walking away to get on with whatever it is that she does during the day, “How long was I out?” Raul asked.

Kali stopped and faced Raul again, “About two days. Now, go back to sleep, this is not the most pain you will be in. You’re going to hate me in the very near future,” she snickered.

Raul laid back onto the bed, not quite seeing the humor of the situation. He was almost killed and carved up for organs, not even mentioning what Oscuro made him go through. His wife died, again. Raul’s friends, Charlie and Tabitha probably thought he had gone off the deep end by his sudden disappearance. 

Whatever happened next, he vowed to never again let another spirit get the best of him, that he would never hide from his problems ever again.
*****
I've learned something from writing this story-arc, it's really hard to find an ending. No matter what I tried it ended up feeling cheesy, it still does. I hope you got some enjoyment out of this, it's still a bit open if I'll create another story in this universe at some point. Some questions are left unanswered, I couldn't quite *weave* (sorry) the answers into this final part. Anyway, I thank you for reading this far, no matter what you thought of the story, know that you are a rock-star.

I'll probably pick another Writing Prompt I find interesting next, see you in the next one.**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
## FRANK & SARAH

After releasing Frank from his constraints, Sarah quickly searched the cooling body for anything they could use, she found the same stunning device that she had used in her treachery, she handed it to Frank.

“Frank, I need you to listen very carefully, there are four more guards that are no doubt rapidly approaching this room, you need to use this stunner if we’ll have a shot at this,” Sarah said wiping away her tears and steeling her expression, “Chances are that I just got us both killed,”

Frank massaged his reddening wrists, “OK, Sarah, but you owe me one hell of an explanation if we do survive this,” Sarah gave him a candid nod.

The door slammed open and lightning zipped across the room, Sarah was immediately hit and knocked into the far side of the room, she wasn’t moving. Crap.

The four guards made a semi-circle around Frank, they were holding their fire for some reason, they knew it was over. Frank spared a glance at Sarah’s unconscious body; the grim consequences of his failure would mean her death. His muscles began to tense, almost pulsate, he began staring down his opponents.

Frank suddenly became hyper-aware of every muscle, every thought, every breath that the approaching guards unwillingly betrayed. He could see their lies, all of them.

“Lay down your weapons, *human*, lest we pry it from your corpse!” the chubby one ordered him, “You have no chance of fighting this, it’s over!” a slender woman commanded him.

Frank’s head was about to split open from the scalding pain, he knew bullshit when he heard it. He bolted to the left and zapped two of the guards in a slightly upward angle, resulting in the two guards crunching against the corners of the ceiling.

Lightning bolts flew towards him, Frank had never felt this sensation before, his mind knew where his enemies were going to shoot, his brain throbbed with pain if he was about to move into a kill-zone. He managed to clumsily, but accurately, dodge under the lightning-rays before knocking the remaining two guards into opposite walls.

When Sarah came to, she lay flat on her back in a bed. The yellow ceiling had a large fan that spun slowly, a slight buzzing sound could be heard from the fluorescent lamp that was above a stained mirror on the other side of the room. A motel. “How? The door flew open and everything went dark, you couldn’t possibly have…?”

“Sarah, you’re going to tell me everything,” Frank said in a firm and assertive voice, he then gave her a modest smile, “I’ll know if you’re lying”
*****
This is as far as I got on that one glorious day (the day before making this post), if you like where the story is going (or you have concerns?) then let me know in the comments below.

 |
 |
 |
 | 
 | 
 |
 |**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
## FRANK


“I thought you were a total weirdo at first, to be honest,” Frank chuckled as he told the tale of his affection, “but in an endearing way!” he quickly added as a pillow hit him. 

Sarah laughed and seemed more at ease than Frank ever remembered seeing her. Previously, even when she was in a good mood she invariably had a more serious tint to her, like she had been constantly on guard. His near-death experience making the *why* of that painfully clear.

Sarah stopped playfully fighting with him and took on a more serious tone, “What now?” 

“You tell me, knowing what we know now, I don’t suppose we can drive off to another country and *omit* to tell people that we’re aliens?”, Frank teased remembering their previous conversation in the coffee-house.

Frank got a mouthful of pillow before he could finish laughing, “Oh shut up, Frank!” Sarah giggled.

Frank sobered his expression, “But seriously, we don’t know what we’re up against, we are at a severe disadvantage,” 

Sarah nodded, “And all I know is that there are thousands of anonymous agents planted globally”,
 
“…Where the ships are docked, *oh*” she added, “and where *my* ship is. “

Frank just stared at Sarah, “You have a freaking space-ship…? Do you remember how to fly it?”

“Yes, whenever we extracted the abilities that we needed, we were to return to the asteroid-belt with the black cubes you saw back...” Sarah took on an anguished look “back in that room, again, I’m so sorry,”

“It’s forgiven. But don’t you see, this opens up some great opportunities for us!”

Frank pondered for a moment, “I saw a restaurant nearby, I drove past it on the way here, we should grab something to eat first,”

“First? Then what?”

Frank looked perplexed, “Come now, we’re going on a scouting mission, of course!”, before he grinned widely. 


## SARAH


The restaurant was in an old wooden house, part restaurant, part home. The interior of the green house, was decorated with Victorian era furniture. They sat down and ordered the food on two red-cushioned chairs that more resembled thrones than chairs. Their table, a long mahogany piece with a sleek marble surface. The restaurant-owner was an old man, probably near 70, and he made the finest sushi they both had ever eaten. 

“No, thank you Albert, after that last Nigri-set I am absolutely stuffed!” Frank belched, “I’ll pay for us both,” Frank handed his credit card and Albert, their new best friend, went behind the counter and swiped what he was owed, plus tip. 

“We should probably get going, if they’re somehow tracking us, then using a credit card is going to be a problem,” Frank whispered as Albert fiddled behind the counter, “that or every cop-show I’ve ever watched is a load of bogus,” he added. 

Sarah recalled that her ship was hidden in an abandoned and artfully-locked barn not too far from where they were.

“Right, the space-ship should only be a short drive from here,” 

They thanked Albert for his hospitality and, after a few choked attempts by the engine of Frank’s dark-blue Chevrolet Impala, drove off under Sarah’s guide. The snow shot around the car in a thick, unrelenting, cloud as they speeded off on the barely used, barely plowed, country-side road. The left side-mirror already icing over, Frank sparing a glance to see if anyone followed them.

Sarah looked at Frank as he focused intently on navigating through the snow-storm, she was thankful he hadn’t decided to drive off by himself back at the motel, she still couldn’t believe it.

“What,” Frank looked in Sarah’s direction, “do I have something on my face?” he tried removing the imaginary indecency.

Frank had developed a slight stubble now, the recent events no doubt preventing him from his usual grooming routine. She thought he appeared, on top of being devilishly handsome, quite cool in his new look.

“It’s nothing,” Sarah smiled amiably, “just keep your eyes on the road, we’re almost there,”

After cruising for a while they finally arrived at the decrepit barn. It was red, or at least it had been at one point. A large padlock hung on thick iron chains, blocking entrance through the large doors. Sarah looked for a rock, where she had hidden the key. After some recalling, some snow-digging, she finally found it.

“Are you kidding me, right now?” Frank simply shook his head. Sarah turned the key and the tight chains fell to the sides. 

“Are you coming, or you just going to stand there?” the billowing snow blew into the darkness inside of the barn, the cold breeze reddening their cheeks. Sarah knowingly went inside and pulled on a long cord that hung low from the tall ceiling, weak light initially fought against the void before it eventually illuminated everything.

Frank’s jaw dropped, and he quickly ran towards the parked space-ship. It had a solid gray hull and was pointed in interesting angles. It resembled a wasp mid-sting, in a weird way. After answering a million of Frank’s excited questioning about top-speeds, stealth, fuel-range, he finally grew quiet.

Frank quickly recovered his manic energy, “Let’s see what these aliens are all about, shall we?” as he energetically searched for a door to enter the spacecraft.


## CHAPTER EPILOGUE


A dark sedan pulled up to the restaurant, polished black shoes hit the thick layer of snow as the man left his car. The bell connected to the door rang as he entered the green house.

“Welcome to Albert’s Sushi Palace, the finest restaurant around!” Albert said, knowing it was the *only* restaurant around, “can I take your order?”

The tall slender man brushed off the snow from his dark winter coat, “I’m afraid my visit here is only inquisitory,” he began “have you seen this girl?” he asked as he handed Albert an image of a woman, freckles in an interesting pattern on her right cheek. 

Albert thought the tone the man punctuated his sentences with were unnerving, and something sinister appeared to be lurking beneath the man’s placid demeanor. A slight fear panged his spine, and he decided it’s best not to get in the stranger’s way. He decided, however, that he didn’t need to know the exact details.

“Hmm, yes, I recognize that girl, she sped off with a man not ten hours ago, driving a white pickup truck,”

The stranger gave a slight smile and nodded curtly, “Thank you, that will be all, have a nice day,”, he said and left as quickly as he came. Damn these government types, Albert thought.

*****


It looks like we might soon get a glimpse into the inner workings of the aliens, tune in next time and find out what Frank and Sarah will uncover!

Let me know what you think in the comments below, thank you for reading!

 |
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |
 |**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
## SARAH

Frank had that look again, he could have the most intense stare when he was serious, it was like he could see every detail. It made her nervous. She didn’t want to tell the story of how she ended up being the girl he knew, and the girl he didn’t. Her jaw muscles tensed, and she looked away.

“You promised to give me answers back in that room,” Frank began as he grabbed her left arm tightly, “the room you put me in! Was your plan to kill me all this time? For what? What does a bunch of sneaky aliens need with lie-detection abilities!?” Sarah flinched at Frank’s loud shouting, she had never seen him angry like this before.

Frank’s firm grip ached and throbbed her arm, Sarah didn’t fight it, she deserved it for almost letting Frank die, she exhaled slowly.

“Frank, I’m sorry—”

“I know, but *sorry* doesn’t cut it anymore,“ Frank let go of her arm and got up from the bed, he walked over to the stained mirror, leaning on the little wooden-table underneath.

Sarah saw Frank’s distorted image in the mirror, the grime partially obscuring his somber face, “Who are you?”, he stifled his breaking voice.

There’s was no way out of this one, not from Frank. Sarah got up, “My name really is Sarah,”

“We have hidden ships docked out in the nearby asteroid-belt, I was born on one of these ships,”

“I am essentially… a human-alien hybrid, a perfect blend that would escape most conventional detection systems your race has available,”

“… the memories before I was ready, implanted,”

“We act mostly alone, there are already thousands of us among the general population… with clear directives,”

“*Directives*?” Frank asked in shock.

“Orders on how to find, isolate, and extract useful abilities from humanity,”

“…Why?”

“I-I don’t know, our directives are isolated to each agent, the higher purpose is hidden from us,”

Frank massaged his head, it looked like one of his migraine-episodes, the kind he would get when people were particularly untruthful around him.

“I’m not lying!” Sarah asserted, gripping her fist tightly to her chest as she looked Frank, who was now facing her, in the eyes.

“Yeah, no, I know, it’s just… too much, I need some air,”

Frank left the motel room, hopelessness churned like ragged stone-wheels inside Sarah’s stomach, her directive abandoned, she had no one left.


## FRANK


After closing the motel door, Frank lingered facing the door for a few ragged breaths. How is anyone supposed to respond to *that*? His eyes felt raw in the cold wind, men don’t cry, Frank.

Their room was on the second floor, a spiraling metal-staircase the only means of entry. He leaned on the balcony-railing and gazed up to the heavens. It was freezing outside, and he had no jacket. He had driven them to the most remote motel he could think of, one *they* wouldn’t even think to find. Frank thought the stars looked more distinct out here, he was not used to the view after living inside the confines of a city all his life. Damn it, men don’t cry, Frank. 

His head felt like firewood being mercilessly split by a feral logger. He remembered that there was a vending machine close by, and he still had his wallet. The unholy visage of a thick dark-chocolate-bar hovered in the center of his attention, he needed it. Thankfully, the machine was close to the staircase, by the end of the balcony. Men. Don’t. Cry.

The machine only accepted cash, and he had used his last pocket-change to pay for their motel room. When Frank came to, he found that he was screaming vehemently at the inanimate-object while shaking it furiously. He snapped, tears dripped down his cheeks while he frantically beat the vending machine to a pulp. The display-glass finally shattered, Frank looked at his blood-covered hands, he gave it one last half-hearted jab. Damn it!

The logical thing would be to leave, let the aliens do whatever they want, get as far away from this as humanly possible! Why couldn’t he? Why does he still feel like this? He recalled his memories of Sarah, had it all been a lie? The late nights studying, the parties, their first jobs, her smile! Then why did she not let that *man* kill him? Frank slid down, slowly, from the motel wall to a seated position. Her smile.
 
Frank didn’t know it, but he was smiling.

To hell with it all. It wasn’t a lie! Not all of it, it couldn’t have been. There’s no way the last months was a lie, he would not accept it. He could not. Frank rose to his feet and marched back outside his room. He threw the door open and quickly closed it behind him.

“Frank—?”

“Sarah, you’re an impossible woman!” Frank walked up to Sarah and kissed her.
*****


I couldn't postpone the world-building any longer, I tried to keep the human aspect in the forefront, let me know how I did! Thank you for your continued reading, let me know if you want more. I have a feeling Frank and Sarah still have a lot more to find out.

 |
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |
 |**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
## FRANK & SARAH

Frank gasped at the cold sensation, the blurry world forcing itself into focus all around him in an instant. In front of him stood a tall man he had never seen before. He was skinny and wore a brown leather jacket. In his hands, an empty steel-bucket. In the corner of the room, Frank noted that Sarah looked on with indifferent eyes. She was lying again.

“Frank, so good of you to join us,” the man said in a voice that jumped into a weird pitch that Frank had never heard before. Quickly analyzing his situation, he found himself in a small room, the only furniture being the chair he was currently strapped into. There was a single large light-bulb attached to a cord in the middle of the ceiling, it slowly bobbed side to side, like a lone ball in a Newton’s cradle. The result was a creepy gloom that cast grim shadows all over the walls.

“Sarah, what the hell is this?” Frank asked in desperation, “what am I doing here?” he violently tried to shake himself loose, but nothing yielded. Damn it.

“Do not concern yourself with her, I need you to focus on me, Frank,” the tall man stepped in front of his line of sight of Sarah, “or you’ll end up quite, how do you say… *dead*,” The high pitch that punctuated the word dead sent a chill down Frank’s spine. He wasn’t lying.

“Is there any case where I leave this place alive, can you at least tell me that much?”

“If you cooperate we will set you free, like nothing ever happened,” the man grinned knowingly. A familiar pain searing throughout Frank’s skull. He could sure use a big bar of chocolate right now.

“See this device?” the man held up a black cube hardly the size of a baseball up to Frank, “I’m going to use it to extract your, let’s say, special ability.” He plugged a cord into the device, a long sharp needle prominently displayed on the other end.

Just as the man was about to jam the needle into the back of Frank’s head, against his loud protest, Sarah pulled a familiar device out and the resulting sizzle of electricity threw the tall man against the wall.

“W-What! What are you doing?” he stammered as he lay back flat to the ground, trying in vain to get up.

Sarah quickly rushed over to him and decisively, mercilessly, confidently, crushed the man’s windpipe with one single stomp of her heel. He gurgled for a few moments before he died unceremoniously.

Frank turned his head and looked at his dream-girl in an all new light, he was grateful for her change of heart, but he was not sure if he knew how to respond to this insane situation. Sarah was visibly trembling, the corners of her eyes now damp again, a slight shimmer visible in the bleak light as a tear fell.

“Why must you complicate everything, Frank?” she sniffed.
*****
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 | 
 |
 |**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
*Dear readers: Both characters demanded screen-time from me, so I've split it into two points of view, I've never done this before so I hope it is at least coherent, thank you for reading!*

## SARAH

The harsh cold bit her face with apparent urgency as soon as they left the warmth of the coffee-house, they shared a couple more quips before finally saying their goodbyes.

“Sorry again for making you feel uncomfortable, Sarah. I’ll see you later.”

Sarah laughed, the mood now light and joyful, “Don’t worry about it Frank, I know how much you hate it when people lie, “

She watched him walking away, the unplowed sidewalks slowing him down slightly. His large winter-coat and boots were completely covered in snow, she could hear some light cursing coming from Frank before he turned a corner.

Once back at her apartment, Sarah began boiling some water as she considered how to proceed, her directive clear. Frank’s ability was uniquely rare, other unusual talents existed in humanity’s current state and were not without their merit, but his was perfect for the task at hand. Her eyes glazed as she contemplated betraying her best friend. Sarah was pulled back to reality by the sudden whistle of the kettle.

She sank down into the sofa, the chamomile tea giving off a pleasant aroma. It had started out as nothing more than a mission, every agent given a clear directive on how to achieve their individual goals. An accidental meeting, sharing of interests, clubhouses. Out of these, initially forced interactions, genuine friendship had blossomed, and perhaps…. Considering the next step, she exhaled sharply.


## FRANK

Frank slowly lumbered away from the coffee-house, the accursed snow protesting his every move, Frank still had lingering doubts about his conversation with Sarah. On the one hand she had quickly provided a true explanation about what type of *alien* she had meant. But a small portion of his skull still throbbed with a dull searing pain, he still didn’t know the full truth. He didn’t want to push the conversation, lie-detecting ability or not, he didn’t want to jeopardize what they had.

“This is so bloody hard, why did you have to lie to me, Sarah?” Frank muttered to himself as he rubbed at his temples, trying to soothe the dull ache.

He was soon back at his flat, he flipped on the lights revealing a minimalist room, two chairs by a lone table. An abstract painting hung on the wall, black ink traced in one fat line on white canvas. He went straight for the chocolate. All his life he had to endure the constant lying all around him, flowing out of the masses ad nauseam. He had discovered that chocolate had a soothing effect on his… abilities. He worked out regularly, but it was a losing battle as far as his growing stomach was concerned.

He sat down at the table and flipped through images he had of Sarah and himself on his phone. She was beautiful in an unconventional kind of way, brown hair that fell to her shoulders, an unusual pattern of freckles on her right cheek. A smile that could resurrect the dead. Frank put his phone on the table and grunted in frustration.

The phone vibrated, a message notification flashing across the display: “Frank, we need to meet again soon, I have something I need to tell you!” Frank stared at the screen, his heart pounding like a jackhammer.
*****
 |
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 | 
 |**[WP] You were born with an odd power  that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out  with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me  like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.** 
*****
## SARAH

The sun briefly peeked through the hard-gray clouds before hastily making its retreat. Winter months really were the worst. Sarah stood by herself in the now over-snowed park, a big mass of snow hinting at a frozen fountain in the middle. There were some stray people walking close by, none familiar. A happy child ran with wild abandon across the snow nearby, the parents desperately trying to catch the girl. Sarah smiled at the scene.

A few moments passed before she saw Frank looking around, he waved a greeting when he noticed her.

“Hi Sarah! I didn’t keep you waiting, did I?”

“Hello Frank, not at all, I just got here myself,”

After some brief small talk Frank began nervously bringing up the reason for their meeting, “So… What did you want to talk about, it sounded serious!”

Sarah looked around, although it was a slow day, the park was far from being deserted. She needed to get him out of sight.

“Ah, yes,” she began, the nervous energy spilling over from Frank, “mind if we go somewhere a bit more private?” Sarah looked around, there was a forested area where people rarely ventured, at the edges of the park. “How about over there?” she gestured towards the trees nearby.

While walking Frank tried his best at bringing up the mood with his silly jokes, she silently cursed the idiot for making this so hard. Before long they were alone, and Frank once again started losing his composure.

Sarah looked at Frank, sadness poorly concealed.

“What’s wrong, Sarah?”

“I’m sorry, Frank. I need you to understand that…” soft streams trickled down Sarah’s cheeks as she took out a device Frank had never seen before.

“What— “ Frank blurted as darkness consumed his world.

## FRANK

Frank was feeling particularly vigor this beautiful day. The two seconds the sun was destined to be visible not dampening on his good feelings. He had slept for a solid eight hours, woken up and cleanly shaven his face. Today is the day!

He quickly descended into the streets, his feet almost dancing, the spring in his step making him feel invincible. He felt like singing, but he managed to suppress it. Frank happily greeted an old woman that was using a walker, a grin visible for all the universe to see.

Frank soon found himself standing at the entrance to the park, he entered and began searching for Sarah. He found that she was standing next to the frozen fountain.

After catching up for a few moments, Sarah indicated that she wanted to go somewhere more private, it’s happening! Frank’s nervous energy dissipated and he started telling some of his top-tier jokes, the kind he saved for special occasions such as these.

It quickly became apparent that something was terribly wrong, why was she crying?

He wanted to apologize, to make her understand that whatever he had done, that he was sorry. He needed to know what was wrong, before he could fully form the question, however, his world went black.
*****
 |
 |
 |
 |
 |
 |
 |**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
A sudden feeling of intense discomfort jolted his senses, a burning sensation radiating all throughout his skull. She was lying.

“Sarah, how long have we known each other?” Frank laughed casually at the macabre statement.

“Ah, I think since high-school? It’s been a long time, man!”

“And in that time,” Frank began in a more serious tone, “How many times have you been able to *lie* to me?”

They were both seated at a small round table in a meager coffee-house, the darkness of night outside being fought off by the warm bright lights in the room. The cold outside trying its best to claw itself inside, evidenced by the patches of frost on the large glass windows.

Sarah was getting visibly more nervous, repositioning herself in her chair, “You have that look again Frank, I don’t like it when you get like this,”

“How many times?” he demanded.

Sarah’s eyes darted from side-to-side as she realized her slip-up, the uncanny ability this human had at detecting a lie was unprecedented, seeing the truth in someone not even of his own species, no less! She knew that detection was to be avoided at all costs, the mission being far too important, and the humans being far too violent to afford a direct confrontation. She liked Frank, but unless she could turn this around, she wasn’t left with much option.

“Ha-ha, I’ve never been able to lie to you, Frank. That’s why I’ve learned to, ah, omit a few details of my life that I wanted to keep private.”

Frank nodded slowly, his muscles had been tensing ever since the gaffe, but were now relaxing by a tiny amount, “Go on,”

“You see, I’ve not been fully upfront with you, I’m not actually from this country,”

Sarah took a few moments to choose her words carefully as Frank’s gaze was intensely scrutinizing her.

“I didn’t want you to look at me differently because I wasn’t from here,”

“Then where—”

“Please, Frank, I don’t want to talk about my origins. Not yet. I promise I’ll tell you soon, when I’m ready.”

Frank sighed, “You’re at least not lying anymore,” he reluctantly seemed to accept her explanation, “Sorry, I just hate it when people lie to me, especially my friends who should know better.”

Sarah let out a quiet sigh of relief, she would need Frank’s unique ability in the days to come.
*****
Thanks again for all the amazing encouragement I got when I wrote this first piece of Frank and Sarah's story. Let me know what stories you like by leaving a comment or an up-vote, I'll try to keep writing the stories you want to see more of, I really appreciate it!

 |
 |
 |
 |
 |  |  |**[WP] Your ability to see what level of pain a person is experiencing has always helped you in your profession as a nurse. From the hovering "0.6" over the guy with the hangnail to the "42" over the crash victim. Today on the bus ride to work there is an "800" over a guy, calmly reading his paper...**
*****
Alivia looked at her comatose patient, Albert. He’d been in a horrific lumberjack accident where a smaller tree had fallen on top of him, crushing bones and almost costing him his life. His body was covered head to toe in bandages and casks. Albert was supposed to be completely unconscious at this point, but she knew that he was struggling with the pain, “Fifty, poor thing,” she thought as she administered pain relief.

Alivia was a nurse at Grace Hospital, one of the largest hospitals in the region, and certainly the largest in the city of Yhago. From the day she was born she had been in tune with people’s pain in an unusual way, she could see the pain scale attached to any person, clear as day. A faint green single digit hovered on most people she came across, not always in the same location, sometimes above the head, sometimes in front of the chest or arms.

Most people had some form of pain they hid from others, not always physical. Those fortunate to have Alivia as their friend could always count on her uncanny ability to comfort them at the perfect times. She was the ideal nurse.

Alivia was on her way home after an emotionally draining day at work, she stepped on the bus. The bus-driver was unfamiliar to her this day, he had a verdant ten hovering above his right arm. He didn’t look like he was in pain, depression, perhaps? He was a little overweight and had a somewhat stained white-shirt, he gave a warm smile, “That’s a dollar and fifty,”

“Here you go, thank you for being my driver today! Hope to see you again,” Alivia beamed with positivity. The bus itself was your standard affair, two seats per row on either side of the vehicle, chairs padded and covered with a pattern that was never really in style. She took a seat close to the back of the bus, far away from the doors, leaving those seats for the elderly that often took this route.

As Alivia was about to zone out and re-charge her batteries, thinking of nothing in particular, the bus made a hissing noise and stopped. When the doors opened, a middle-aged man took a seat in front of her and began reading The Yhago Times in an unusually casual manner. It would’ve been nothing special save for one fact, this person had the number eight-hundred floating above his head. 

“That’s impossible!” Alivia thought to herself, she had seen patients covered in bullet holes dying in front of her, the ones who were conscious had never been over an eighty, they almost always died at that point. Alivia couldn’t bear it, she carefully tapped the man on his left shoulder, “Excuse me, sir?”

The man turned around, he had a miniscule scar that looked like an old knife-wound, close to his right-eyebrow, his gray hair was slicked backwards, “Can I help you, miss?” he said without any hint of pain.

“This may seem strange to you, but I must ask, are you in any pain right now?” She asked, perhaps her ability was slipping, she was getting close to thirty, “Perhaps it fades with age”, she thought.

The man smiled, not seeming offended at all, “That is indeed a curious question to ask a stranger on a bus,” he snickered, “If I may ask a counter-question, what sparked this sudden interest in my pain-levels?”

Alivia felt a little silly, he was clearly not in any pain, “Sorry, I must’ve been mistaken. It’s just…” she hesitated, “See, I’m a nurse. I’ve always had the ability to *feel* the pain of those around me, and I must be way off here, but to me, you seem to be in the most excruciating pain. Far above any other person I have ever met. If you are not, I am sorry for interrupting your reading.”

The man’s flinch was so slight it was almost imperceptible, but Alivia noticed, “That is quite the ability to have, as a nurse, I mean,” he said, but this time he seemed to have been caught off guard.

“What’s your name?” the stranger asked quickly.

“I’m Alivia! What’s yours?” she responded in her intoxicatingly positive manner. 

The man’s smile returned, it was impossible to be somber so close to the sun. “Please call me Jovani,” he said. After a few short quips about where they worked, the weather and other small-talk, they fell silent and went back to their own worlds, Jovani reading and Alicia unwinding in silence.

The bus hissed once more, and Jovani got up, he put his right hand on the seat next to his own, in front of Alivia’s, “I like you Alivia, I enjoyed our little chat. *Know* that you are not wrong about me. Every day my suffering is beyond the scope of human understanding. I’ve lost everything save for one thing, and it's the only thing that keeps me going.

Jovani gave a shy smile at Alivia, who’s face was now frozen in shock, “I hope I’ll be graced by your presence again in the future, Alivia, goodbye.”

Alivia’s thoughts crashed into one another, by the time she got up to ask a million questions, the bus was already moving again, and the man was gone.
*****
A quick story I wrote this morning, my very first "digits above the head"-WP-story, feels like I've completed a mandatory rites of passage :). I wrote it with potential for a few more parts in mind, but it's fine as a one-shot story/moment as well, thank you for reading!Something was off in the way the bartender served his patrons, the movements were too fluid– almost like they were rehearsed. She realized none of it was real, she was in danger.

Kiera got up from her table, wobbling theatrically for whoever was orchestrating this dream-world from the shadows. Her head was foggy, but she soon recalled where she dozed off in the real world. “I fell asleep on a thick branch atop a tall tree, near the road I was traveling on–“ she recalled.

Who could’ve found her there, and who was even looking? It couldn’t have been because…

No, she had to get out of this first. “Every meld-room has an exit", she repeated these words in her head like a mantra, keeping herself away from the edge of panic.  

Kiera glanced around the room, trying to identify whoever had created this fabrication. The bartender was presently serving a customer at the far end of the bar, she noted how he swapped out an empty glass for one filled to the brim with ale. “Probably not that pair, that leaves the rest of the rowdy patrons–“

“Shame, I really thought I had you fooled!” a dark voice boomed from behind her, she spun around.

“Was it the tables? The mustache on the bartender? I just can’t seem to conjure up convincing mustaches!” he ducked under the lintel with some effort as he entered the room from a door near the bar-counter. The enigmatic man approached her slowly, his eyes looked at everything but her.  

“This is a misunderstanding, you must be looking for someone else.” Kiera nervously stated, needles pricked at her skin as she tried to figure out what kind of threat she was facing. She hurriedly looked around the room, trying to find the tell-tale signs of an exit. It could be anything, but usually it was something small. She instinctively checked to see if her concealed knife was equipped, but of course it wasn’t. This was definitely inside her mind, then.

“I’ve always liked the art of crafting the scenes, understand? To architect something out of nothing, fine-tuning the small details to get them just so, I really enjoy that,” the man continued.

“This is all very interesting, but I’ll be leaving now,”  

“You will do no such thing!” The man finally looked straight at her, his eyes seemed intent on slicing her in half.  

“You have something that my client wants. I already took the liberty to reach for it, but you seem to have it locked deep within the confines of your mind, very impressive. I was hoping this place would’ve loosened your tongue, it appears that venue has closed now, though.”

The man gave Kiera the creeps, he had an air of violence around him, and those hawk-like eyes… She had to get out of here, fast. She noticed a whisky bottle behind the counter that looked slightly out of place, the angles didn’t quite fit. She didn’t plan to stick around for this lunatic to destroy her mind! She bolted for the bottle, sliding over the counter, throwing her full weight against it.

The whisky-bottle shattered along with her hopes, the surrounding bottles coming along for the ride, crashing down in an explosion of glass. She knocked the wind out of herself, coughing on the ground in a calamity of razor-sharp shards.

The man had not moved an inch, he simply observed her crude outlet of energy. Apart from her coughing, the bar was now eerily quiet.

“It would be best if you gave up the information willingly,” a wicked smile drifted up the man’s crooked face, his eyes remained unaffected by the facial movement, “otherwise, this could get quite uncomfortable.” 

All patrons stood up in unison and started walking methodically towards her.

Kiera’s heart was racing, a prisoner in her own mind! She scrambled up, cutting herself deeply on the broken glass. She always woke up when a dream became too much to bear, she knew enough to know this would be impossible here, escape was the only option. Losing her mind, possibly her life, was now very much on the table.

“Hold up! No need to be unreasonable,” she staggered, palming something from the ground. The mob stopped dead in their tracks, unsure what to do with themselves. “I’ll tell you what I saw,” she coughed, making a show of her injuries as she walked back towards the stranger.

His joyless eyes remained statuesque, “A fine choice, very well. Take a seat,” he motioned towards her chair from earlier.

“It was two nights ago,” she began, feigning her slow descent upon the chair before lunging at the man’s throat with a bloody shard in hand.

The man looked surprised, but skillfully managed to move out of the death-stroke, taking a slash across the cheek instead. He retaliated slightly off-balance with a right-jab, but Kiera was no longer there, she ducked under his extended arm and swirled around towards his back.

It was a long shot, but she went all-in on the belief that the invader had the key on him. She forcefully shoved her side into him with all her might, something shattered!

She inhaled sharply when the real world filled her vision, the awful man sat cross-legged on the same branch facing her, his eyes still closed. Kiera quickly came to her wits and threw a kick across his face, the man gasped as he fell over the side. Jumping from branch to branch, Kiera swiftly made her way down the tree.

Kiera landed with a roll on the dark forest floor, the moon dimly illuminating spots on the ground through branches far above. The rustling sound of the man giving chase not far behind motivated her to run faster, she prayed he could not keep up with her suicide-pace.

*****
I decided to just write something after not finding anything sparking interest on WP these last couple of days. Thank you for reading!**[WP] You are a dragon, but for the last few centuries you have been living undercover as a human for your own safety. You currently work for the Make a Wish foundation. It's all going smoothly, until one child wishes to see a dragon. Your coworkers panicking, but you have a tough choice to make...**
*****
Quinn was making his way to visit a girl with terminal cancer, travelling on behalf of the Make a Wish foundation he had founded years ago. She was a little girl, only eight years old, called Megan. She had been afflicted by the most ravenous of diseases, cancer, specifically leukemia, it tainted her blood. The granting of wishes was his way of paying back, for all the gold he’d hoarded throughout the centuries, his way of repentance for the death and sorrow he had wrought. 

Quinn was of course not his true name, and humanity was not his kin, he was a dragon, called Oamu ages past. He currently held the form of a tall and slender man, long blonde hair and sparkling eyes of green, the men and women who stood by him in his cause came to revere him as a wonderful human being, a true altruist, beloved by all. They wouldn’t be as kind to him if they knew about his past transgressions, he surmised.

Oamu put on his best smiling face before stepping through the doors, “Hello, Megan!”

A couple of heart shaped balloons were carefully tied to the end of the bed, flowers were placed in vases on a small white table next to the bed, by the window, the warm light of summer shining through. 

A middle-aged woman with tired eyes sparked with joy when she recognized him, it was her mother, “Look who it is Megan, it’s Quinn, the founder of the Make-a-wish foundation!”

“Y-yay!” she coughed, but genuinely cheered.

Oamu greeted the mother, Astrid, before sitting down on the edge of the bed and addressing the child, “So, tell me, Megan,” he began, “if I could grant you one wish, anything you’d like, anything at all! What would it be?”

She didn’t skip a beat, “I want to see a dragon!”

The mother laughed nervously, “Megan, dear, dragons aren’t real! If you could have any other wish, what would it be—”

“Dragon!” She said, her mind set.

“Sorry, Quinn, she’s just a child,” the mother apologized.

“That’s quite alright, Astrid,” Oamu said smiling, “would you mind leaving us alone for just a moment?”

Astrid nodded, “Of course,” she smiled, “I’ll be right outside, okay, Megan?”

The door closed and Oamu grinned broadly towards the girl, “A dragon, huh? What made you choose that wish?”

She coughed, “T-they are just the coolest!”

What was he supposed to do? He’d been in hiding for centuries, humanity had a way of destroying anything they feared, anything they didn’t understand, anything more powerful and ancient than they, and dragons certainly ticked all those boxes.

“What if I told you, Megan…” he began, uncertainty coloring his voice before coming to a decision, “That my name isn’t really Quinn? It’s Oamu.”

“O-Oamu?” she asked curiously, “why do they call you Quinn, then, are you a liar?”

Oamu chuckled, “Yes, Megan! I am a liar, but it’s for a good reason, humans aren’t always so kind towards things they don’t understand,”

Megan frowned, “I don’t understand!”

“Megan, I am a dragon!” Oamu growled, his skin morphing into scales, revealing his true nature. His neck and hands took on a mix of green and bright-red, his eyes replaced with dark slits, taking on the look of a serpent. He strained to hold on to his humanoid form, his true form would likely level the entire hospital.

Megan’s eyes widened, not with fear, but with elation, “Dragon!”

Oamu was bombarded with questions, how old was he, could he fly, did he breathe fire? He was delighted to answer each of her questions.

“I was there before the arrival of humanity, Megan, I am very old,” he started, “to answer your other questions, yes.” 

Oamu hovered a few feet above the ground and displayed his power over fire, suddenly spraying scalding flames out of his mouth before it disappeared just as quickly.

“Yay! You’re just like the other one! Again, again!”

“Other one?” Oamu quickly dropped to the ground, asking curiously, hiding his shock. He knew of no other dragons in hiding, at least not anywhere near his current roost.

“The other dragon of course, perhaps you are friends?”

“Perhaps, what did the dragon call itself, did you receive a name?”

“Hmm,” she thought for a moment, “it was Zessel. I met her in a forest, two years ago, before I got sick,”

Oamu froze, still championing a smile towards the girl. If she was still alive, if she was still nearby, then no one was safe. Least of all him, he recalled some of the debts he’d left unpaid, and shivered.

Megan looked at him with concern in her brown eyes, “Are you sick, Oamu?” she coughed again.

He chuckled, “Dragons can’t get sick, Megan,”

Megan was quiet for a while, then said, “I wish I was a dragon, then I wouldn’t have to be sick,”

“That wish I cannot grant you, I’m sorry, however,” Oamu said, human skin replaced the scales of his left arm, he made a small incision with a sharp obsidian claw. Blood trickled out slowly, “I know it’s gross, Megan, but you need to drink this, I promise you’ll feel much better in a couple of hours,”

After Megan accepted his offering he walked towards the exit, “This will be our secret, won’t it, Megan?”

“I promise!” she shouted after him, still over joyous.

Outside the room, Astrid waited patiently, she looked at him with happiness in her eyes, “Sounded like there really was a dragon in there, thank you so much for playing along! Well? Did she decide on her real wish?”

“She couldn’t quite decide yet, please, send your request to me personally when she does,” he smiled, “I promise the Make-a-wish foundation will deliver,”

Oamu accepted all the gratitude and well wishes before waving his goodbyes and walking off. He needed to lay low for a while and confirm if Zessel was still in the area.
*****
Thank you for reading!**[WP] Due to overpopulation, a law was passed globally that requires everyone to hibernate for 100 years at a time after every 90 years. Today is Shutdown Day. As you finish getting tucked into your pod, you instantly notice eyes being shut all around you. But something is wrong. You are still awake.**
*****
Christopher had now been exposed to the harsh wasteland for most of  the day, before leaving he had grabbed a few rations and water bottles  from the facility, neatly stored in a small brown backpack. He quickly  realized that his water-consumption would become a problem, the scalding  sun demanding its sacrifice.

He had not witnessed one single sign of life in all this time, cracks  ran throughout every visible surface on the ground, sometimes a lone  tree would pop up here and there, gnarled, and pointy they stretched  towards the heavens. Perhaps this had all been for naught, the quest of a  doomed man foolishly trying to find a way to re-unite with his people,  his family.

He had heard rumors of people surviving outside the city gates, men  and women who didn’t follow any laws. He clung to this small hope and  his desire to return home as he forced himself forward. Surely these  people couldn’t be too different from himself.

Darkness fell on the wasteland, and with it, bone-biting coldness  replaced the intense heat. Christopher tried sitting with his back  turned towards a dead tree, but he was ill-equipped to deal with the  cold. With no option left to him, he pressed on, shelter-less sleep  would likely kill him. 

After walking for an hour, ignoring his aching body, he heard something in the night around him, “Who goes there?”

A deep voice chuckled, footsteps neared him quickly, “Wait! Please—”  something heavy ran across his face and he was knocked out cold.

Christopher woke up to the unforgiving sun, only this time, a wooden  and bone cage partially blocked its rays. Two sand-colored camels pulled  his cage through the wasteland, looking to his side confirmed that the  cage had four large wooden wheels, he was trapped. A large burly man  walked next to the camels.

“Hey, you! Where are you taking me?” Christopher asked fiercely, his  face hurt as he spoke, running his hand across it he found that the  bridge of his nose had been deeply cut. It didn’t feel broken, at least.

“Oh! You’re awake. Great. Keep your mouth shut, if it pleases you, or I’ll smack you across the head with this club again!”

Christopher felt a flash of anger, his captor had reminded him that  he should’ve been in a deep-sleep right now, with his family! Not out  here, awake, in this hell-hole.

“*Screw you!* Open this cage and I’ll use that oversized stick  of yours and turn you into a god damned umbrella!” Christopher rustled  the cage.

The large man looked at his captive in shock before his deep laugh  rumbled throughout the wasteland, “You got fight in you! Good, you may  yet survive out here. Depending on who I sell you to, of course.” 

The man smacked the cage with his club, almost hitting Christopher’s  fingers in the process, “You really should be quiet, for your own  safety. We are close.”

Christopher turned in his small cage to see smoke on the horizon,  “Anya… I might’ve run into some small complications,” he muttered to  himself.
*****
Thank you for reading!

 |Hello dear reader, I am thrilled that you have found your way to my sub! Subscriber or not, I hope you enjoy your stay.

If you're new here, this is where I'll re-post some of the stories I write onI will also occasionally post stories that are a result of my overly-excited mind, these are tagged as OC or "Original Content", for lack of a better name at this time.

I ask nothing in particular from you, you beautiful person, other than that you speak your mind, did you enjoy the story? Would you like it to continue? Do you despise it from the depths of your very being? Let me know either by using the community chat (right side-bar) or by leaving a comment!

I most likely won't have time to write every day, but I'll try to post as often as I can. 

Thank you for reading!**[WP] A totalitarian government I.D's and installs tracking chips in it's citizens to better control them. Your chip malfunctions, and you become somewhat of an urban legend in your efforts to bring them down undetected and untraceable. They call you citizen #404.**
*****
Cederic gasped, awakening from his untimely loss of consciousness. He found himself on top of a stained futon mattress. When he touched his face, he found that he had a bandage covering his nose, pain jolted through him as his fingers ran across it. Things had not gone exactly as planned, but…

The man who had saved him appeared carrying a tray, interrupting his thoughts, a loaf of bread and a glass of water on it.

“Ah! You’re finally awake,” he placed the tray on the ground next to Cederic, “I’m sorry, we’re a bit short on supplies at the moment, I’m sure you understand.”

Cederic did understand, with the food shortage bordering on famine, he was surprised he got anything at all, “Thank you,”

The man nodded, he cautiously began introducing himself, “You may call me Victor,” he said, “how much do you remember?”

Could this really be citizen 404, the ghost who had sparked the rebellion?

“I was dragged out in the middle of the night— two soldiers, you killed them!” Cederic recalled, “Where is my wife? Take me to her!” 

Victor looked at him grimly, “There was no time, I’m sorry,”

“They’ll kill her!” Cederic said in a distressed voice, secretly knowing what had been promised.

Victor looked him in the eyes, “So far they haven’t. She’s currently under heavy surveillance, to see if we’ll do anything stupid, I’m afraid rescue is impossible,”

Cederic thanked his lucky stars that the same device that had knocked him out and destroyed his tracker, hadn’t been used on Lexia, that would’ve really complicated an already complex situation.

Shaking his head slowly and feigning a pained expression, Cederic asked the obvious question, “Are you… citizen 404?”

Victor gave him a modest smile, “You need to rest, the disconnector really does a number on you, in fact,” he continued, “one in three die outright,” 

Victor chuckled, “But it was really the only way for us to extract you on such short notice,” he rapped his knuckles against the wall on his way out, “The time is soon upon us, we are going to need your skills very soon,” 

Alone with his thoughts again, Cederic began planning his next move.
*****
Thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
## FRANK
“It’s different than what I thought it was going to be, you know,” Frank commented as he stared out into space, he was sitting next to Sarah who skillfully navigated the spacecraft on their course for the asteroid-belt, “I knew it was going to be dark, but *this*? How do you even know where you’re going?”

There was limited space to move around in Sarah’s small frigate-class space ship, but it was adequate for a tiny group. She had told him that there was no sense in agents having particularly large ships to complete their missions. 

There was a steep metal-staircase going down from the small platform where the elevated cockpit resided, their chairs tilted slightly upwards towards the only window out into space. Downstairs, a rectangular area where everything was tightly compartmentalized, a small bedding area doubling up as chairs for the dull gray table next to it. In the corner, a small storage area where you could find spare clothes and those obscene black cubes. Finally, a bathroom on the opposite wall from the storage area, in a small booth, Frank thought the throne reminded him of something he might’ve seen on a human airplane, but slightly less inviting, if that were possible.

Sarah had a strange looking lens close to one of her eyes, it was attached to a gray-metal arm, “It’s less about using your naked eyes, more about equipment, here try this,” she tossed the contraption towards him, it was locked onto some type of rail-system.

After quickly inspecting the strange item Frank took a peak through the lens, an explosion of information bombarded his mind, relatively close by he could see some floating space-junk and other smaller objects. The celestial bodies of the solar-system were all outlined with distinct blue lines, the asteroid-belt between Jupiter and Mars was also clearly visible, “Whoa, I can zoom by focusing my eyes on a location! This is great!”

Frank was having a blast with his new toy but was rudely interrupted by the scheming alien, “Do you remember the plan, Frank?”

“Dock with one of the larger ships, walk on-board disguised as your average alien-joe using the wet-suit-looking clothing you have in ship-storage, find what they are up to and leave fast as hell!”

“There’s just one thing though,” Frank continued, “Are we not on some aliens-most-wanted list? How exactly are we going to avoid detection once we’re onboard?”  

“Well,” Sarah started, looking slightly concerned, “It is *unlikely* that the aliens out here have received word about our recent… transgressions,”

“While humanity is still quite primitive, recklessly sending transmissions might still result in our untimely discovery, therefore all transmissions are kept under strict protocol,”

“*Unlikely*,” Frank echoed as he tossed back the navigation-lens, he was starting to feel a bit worried about rushing into this mission, but then again it might just be the effects zipping this quickly through space. That’s probably the reason. He swallowed hard.

“In any event, we probably won’t get this element of surprise again, so we need to be thorough,” Sarah concluded, “relax, you look like you’re about to pass out, why don’t you go lie down for a while? We’re still a few hours away,” 

## SARAH

Before arriving in the precarious asteroid-belt, they both slipped into the alien civilian clothing they had available from the ship’s storage. The clothing was white with black lines here and there around the elbow and neck area. They really did resemble wet suits, she caught Frank staring, “Eyes are up here, Frank” she chuckled.

Frank blushed and cleared his throat, “Right, sorry. Let’s grab one of those black cubes and do this thing!”, she didn’t need Frank’s abilities to tell that he was more nervous about the mission than he let on.

Docking with the large ship had proceeded without incident, the computer-systems on both ships allowing for an automatic docking process. Doing it manually in the middle of an asteroid-belt would’ve been too dangerous Sarah explained. There was no sign of any personnel as they entered the decontamination room where an odorless white mist thoroughly sprayed them. This ship was significantly larger than her frigate, it could probably house up to two hundred individuals. The ceiling was high, and many staircases led upwards on both sides of the hall, towards the four visible levels.

She didn’t know much more than what her implanted memories told her, now that she was on-board the ship with the cube, her expertise ended abruptly. Just then, a similarly clothed alien leaned over the railing on the second level and greeted them, “Hello! Welcome to The Voidcaller,”, the tones he punctuated his words with slightly unnerving, “I take it you have come to, ah, deliver extracted abilities? Please join me up here and I will lead you to where you can make your deposit,”
  
Frank and Sarah calmly walked up the flight of stairs and soon got a closer look of their host, he was the human version of a pug, barely tall enough to reach over the small safety-railing, his face looked like it’d been in a series of unfortunate accidents, yet he still wore an air of dignity. Sarah did her best to awkwardly introduce them using the same alien accent, she was terrible at it, but it didn’t seem to faze their host, Mark. 

“Ah, pleasure’s all mine I’m sure, right this way please,” Mark gestured towards an entrance to a room leading deeper into the spacecraft. They entered a series of white hallways, occasionally passing by and greeting other aliens scurrying around the corridors. The lighting was all-encompassing, leaving almost no shadows, it was a little intense.

Mark finally stopped outside a closed door, the door-panel swiftly disappearing upwards when a button was pressed on the outside, “Here we are, this is wh—” he began. Sarah confirmed that no one else was nearby and quickly shoved the tiny man into the room.

“What are you doing?” Frank asked in a hushed voice, quickly following her inside and fiddling to find the button to close the door. Inside he found a series of shelves, there were letters that marked each of the boxes, pulling one out of the shelf confirmed that they were housing the ever-familiar black cubes.

“Who are you? I will have you reprimanded for this behavior!” the imp furiously stated, “I will see to it that Magnus hears about this,” he continued before Sarah’s fist met with the already depressed state of his face. 

“Why do we deliver the ability extractors?” Sarah demanded as she shook Mark, “What are they used for?”

“There’s no way you can get me to talk, *earther*,” Mark spat with apparent disgust.

Frank winced in well-practiced pain before replying in a darker voice, “You’re lying.”

“*Frank*, was it? You’ll sooner learn how to breathe in a vacuum before you can break me!”

Mark and Sarah were both taken aback when veins grew distinct around Frank’s left eye, the normal green tint of his eye draining of its natural color, the gray-clouded eye pierced the imp.

“Mark. It’s funny that you should mention vacuum, seeing as you are terrified of getting jettisoned out into space,”

“You know, I saw a few garbage disposal slots along the walls on the way here, we both know where those chutes end, don’t we Mark?” 

“How could you possibly…?”

“I bet a man of your size would have no trouble fitting into one of these chutes,” Frank continued as Mark’s eye darted around in horror, trying to find a way out. 

“You wouldn’t!” Mark’s voice had now lost all confidence, Sarah felt a pang of guilt before shaking her head, it was working.

“Gag him Sarah and let’s dispose of him, this one is clearly useless, we’ll try our luck with another one,”

Sarah hesitated momentarily at the darkness Frank displayed, all an act she hoped, the eye thing was a bit worrying as well, “R-Right,”

“No wait! Please! I’ll tell you anything you need to know, I swear!” Mark pleaded before Sarah could finish pretending to find a strap of clothing to gag him with.

“Good. Answer her questions, what’s with the cubes? And who is Magnus?”

## CHAPTER EPILOGUE

A servant coughed discreetly, announcing her presence. She was standing in the entrance-way to the luxurious private quarters, “Lord Magnus, we are a few minutes away from The Voidcaller, please prepare for docking,”

The man rose to his considerable height, bulging arms rippled as he acknowledged his servant, “Excellent news, let’s see what we’ve managed to scrounge from the Earth in these latest shipments!” his deep voice boomed approvingly.

*****


It looks like Frank and Sarah are about to come face to face with the enigmatic Magnus, stick around for part 9 to find out what happens next! 

Let me know if you have any comments or concerns regarding this chapter, I tried to sprinkle in some spacey-science-fiction, I don't usually write about space so I hope it's coherent. Thanks for reading!

 |
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |
 |**After an apocalyptic-level event, people were forced to seek shelter beneath Earth’s crust. A long time has passed since… and mankind has forgotten its history. They no longer know of the Sun, of the night sky. They don’t remember the feeling of grass between toes or the gentle salty-breeze of the ocean. Standing on Earth’s roof is a legend you entertain your children with, nothing that adults would consider seriously. This is the tale of a boy that grew up in this sheltered community, a boy that never stopped dreaming.**
*****
“No further, Mason!” Grady reminded Mason for the hundredth time, “Those tunnels are not safe, you must never go down there!”

Mason frowned and snapped back at his senior, “Somebody built these tunnels, Grady! Are you not curious where they might lead?”

The party had travelled for a couple of hours through a series of known tunnels, towards less-travelled and altogether abandoned ones. The air was musty, and the dirt-packed ceiling was now only about three meters high. Looking towards the ceiling, one could barely make out the wires and sparsely dotted light-bulbs with the light-source they brought, the tunnel lights no longer supplied with power.

Grady was around forty-five years old, a stern-looking man who always appeared annoyed, even when he was genuinely smiling. He had pale skin, like most people living in Herjatoft. He also had some slight scarring on his left cheek, which was presently covered by his thick dark-brown hair.

“Remember, we’re here to map out Golem’s Path, Mason. We’re not here to give the mud devils something to gnaw on,” Grady continued, beckoning with the old lantern they used for illuminating the ancient tunnels, “come now, it’s this way.”

“Just a peek? A few meters. Ten, tops!” Mason bargained, “Come on, Grady, we are here to explore are we not? What if it leads to unfathomable treasures, or the surface?” the young-man said, his almost manic green eyes gleaming with excitement in the dim lantern light.

Grady laughed heartily, laugh-lines barely recognizable through his tough demeanour, “Surface? Do you also believe in the Earth Father, bringing you precious metals once a year? These are children’s stories, Mason,” Grady put a hand on Mason’s left shoulder, “when will you grow up and become the man Herjatoft needs you to be?”

Mason looked incredulously at Grady, wondering where his sense of wonder and adventure had died off. Besides, the surface was a real place, it had to be. It could not all be dirt and stone. There had to be more, these tunnels left by generations past must lead somewhere exciting. Darkness quickly began enveloping Mason as Grady took the left-most tunnel, muttering to himself, towards Golem’s Path. 

Mason’s heart began beating faster as the light started to fade away in the distance, it would soon be pitch-black, and he would have to fumble with his backpack for an emergency light-source. He thought he could almost make out a whisper coming from the vetoed tunnel, “*Mason… This way…*”

“Stop thinking about that damned tunnel, Mason, this way!” Grady shouted in the distance. 

Mason snapped out of it and hurriedly jogged towards the fading light, wondering if the whispers were all in his head. He had only heard stories about these alleged mud devils, but he’d never actually seen one. He didn’t feel like finding out by lingering alone in the darkness for too long. He soon caught up with Grady.

The tunnel quickly became claustrophobic, two men standing side-by-side now barely possible. Grady had scouted out this tunnel earlier and deemed it safe for further exploration, how exactly he determined what was safe eluded Mason, to his growing frustration. Mason just knew that *safe* to Grady meant the same as *boring* to him.

“Hey, Grady?” Mason asked with genuine curiosity.

The older man glanced back at him, “Hmph?”

“Have you ever seen a mud devil?”

Grady was quiet for a few moments, he looked at Mason angrily, or maybe it was just his resting face?

“Aye, I’ve seen one,” he finally said, falling silent once more. 

When no further descriptions came, Mason broke the silence, “And, what happened? Did you kill it?”

Grady stopped walking and gazed sternly at the naive young-man, “Kill a mud devil? Boy, listen now, and listen well! You don’t *fight* a mud devil. You run as fast as you can, towards a big source of light, your life depends on it.” He said, “And its mud *devils*, they rarely attack alone.”

Mason saw that Grady was being serious, despite his usual mannerisms, but he found it hard to believe such creatures lurked in the blackness around them. “You’ve told me to stop believing in children’s stories, Grady… Are you sure that’s what you saw, a mud devil?”

The expedition leader suddenly grabbed him by the neck and shoved him into the dirt-wall, hard. Mason gasped for air as his lungs tried to figure out what had just happened. “Have I ever told you anything but the truth, boy, are you calling me a liar?”

“Calm down, Grady! You’re the one who’s always telling me not to believe everything I hear!” Mason blurted when he managed to gather himself.

Grady didn’t release his strong grip altogether, but lessened it slightly, “True, I have said that. But this is nothing like your children’s stories, Mason! It’s the dirt’s truth. Pray that you never have to see one,” he said before finally letting Mason go, continuing the journey.

Mason felt that there was more to this story, judging by Grady’s violent knee-jerk reaction, but now was clearly not the time to pursue it further. They continued for about twenty minutes before Mason stopped briefly to strain his ears into the darkness, it sounded almost like somebody breathed out heavily from the way they came. “Did you hear that?” he asked Grady.

Grady stopped walking and listened with Mason, “Not a thing. Hey, sorry about earlier,” he scratched the back of his head nervously, “I don’t know what came over me, and now I’ve clearly got you spooked! Don’t worry about the mud devils, let’s keep moving.”

“Mason…” a whisper seemed to entice from the darkness, but Mason shook his head. He was just all riled up from Grady’s episode. It was nothing, just his mind playing tricks.

Another twenty minutes went by and the tunnel ended, opening into a larger underground chamber, ceiling barely visible by the weak lantern light. Smaller blue lights emitted from within the chamber, on the ground and along the walls. Likely a variant of deep earth mushrooms, pretty, but poisonous. Mason had never seen so many in one place before, maybe this wasn’t going to be so boring after all.

They went further inside, searching for any other entrances to the chamber, or if there was anything of worth lying about. Mason picked up one of the blue mushrooms and put it into a jar he carried around in his backpack.

The unmistakable sound of dirt falling echoed from the way they came, “*Mason!*” something roared.

Mason froze and sheepishly glimpsed at Grady, “Please tell me I’m losing my mind, Grady, that something did not just growl my name from the darkness!”

Grady looked at his young pupil with a mixture of guilt, regret and sorrow. Mason had only ever seen him in shades of annoyance and anger, he didn’t like this new expression, not one bit.

Grady regained his stern facade, “Grab all your emergency flares, now!”
*****
Should I go on? In any case, thank you for reading!**[WP] Due to overpopulation, a law was passed globally that requires everyone to hibernate for 100 years at a time after every 90 years. Today is Shutdown Day. As you finish getting tucked into your pod, you instantly notice eyes being shut all around you. But something is wrong. You are still awake.**
*****
Daylight was quickly fading, the soft thuds and jingles of the packed camel reverberated into the empty space. A light wind was blowing hot air and displacing dust, even with the sun fading, it was unbearably hot. Dark-blue cloth covered his head to protect against the sun. 

Christopher had set out west, towards the enigmatic hermit, Harold. His reputation and water storage had allowed him to purchase, amongst other things, a strong camel named Daisy, some dried meat of questionable origin, a handgun with a holster, and a small shoddy tent. He made sure not to spend all his water in the market, realizing he would need it to travel between Wakefield and whatever hut this hermit lived in. 

He looked at his handgun again, the entire front portion of it was basically a rustic rectangle with some meager embellishment, rounding out towards a handle made from some unhealthy-looking wood, probably out of the dead trees that irregularly popped up in the wasteland, the weapon had a slightly rounded thick trigger. Christopher had some minor experiences with firearms, being able to hit unmoving targets with some success. 

Before darkness had completely descended upon him, Christopher set-up his paltry tent next to a sickly tree, binding Daisy to it using a rope. He lay his head down on a backpack, gun in hand, and drifted off to sleep.

Christopher ran towards a large frost-breathing winged-serpent flying high in the red skies with his handgun, in a world where all the angles were wrong, “Stay away from them, you devil!” he shouted and shot several shots which simply bounced off its thick blue scales. Christopher woke up in cold-sweat just when the creature’s frosted breath encased his screaming family in cold blue-white crystal, their horror-stricken faces looking at him, cruelly judging his failure.

Aiming his gun at the entrance to the tent he spoke to himself, “Just,” he panted “just a dream.”

Christopher continued his journey following the same pattern, being stingy with his water and food, tying Daisy to a tree, and fluttering into nightmares at night in his tent, gun in hand. 

After travelling through the desert for three days, he came by a structure on the horizon, as he journeyed towards it, he began hearing indistinct shouting, when he felt he was aptly close, he tied Daisy to yet another tree, opting to sneak the last bit.

Christopher walked up a small mound towards the back of the chalky, round structure, he could now hear distinct voices. An older man, by the sounds of it, was shouting at someone, “Why would I help you again, hm? You never pay up, filthy derelict land tramp!”, perhaps this was Harold?

A rougher, deeper voice answered as Christopher snuck the side of the structure towards the sound, “You misunderstand, I pay you plenty! Each time, I give you the gift of life. Now, Harold, help me fix this or I’ll kill you!”

Christopher could now see an old man in tattered clothing, a red scarf on his person blowing in the wind. The younger man held a knife in his hand and pointed it at the old man, he held out a presumably broken gun in the other. Christopher had some flashbacks from his first arena fight, he got some of the same weak-vibe from this person, a sheep in sheep’s clothing. Harold backed away a few paces.

Christopher was tired of being awake in this world, each minute was exhausting, seeing a weak man threatening Harold, his best shot at deep-sleep started to heat up his anger anew, until it grew to a boil. He didn’t care about the stranger, if he didn’t put the knife down, he would kill him. Christopher dragged the dark-blue cloth on top of his head down to his neck.

Harold scoffed at the hooligan, “Go ahead, kill me! Then no one will fix your broken weapon, you imbecile!”

The younger man was visibly becoming impatient with the old man, “I’ll find someone else, then, old fool!”

Christopher didn’t want to leave this up to chance, he’d have enough bad luck for a life-time, he drew his handgun and ran out from his cover, towards the bandit. 

The thug noticed Christopher and stopped, “Who the hell are you?” the thug asked in surprise.

One shot fired, two shots, visions of the serpent from his nightmares flashed before his eyes. When Christopher came to he found that he was standing with his boot on the chest of the prone young man, his gun making clicking noises, the empty clip not providing any more bullets. The thug was utterly ruined, peppered with large bleeding wounds. Dead.

Christopher breathed heavily and turned toward the shocked old man, tiny red droplets covering Christopher’s face, “Harold, nice to meet you, I need your help.”
*****
A little longer than usual, hopefully you got through it alright, thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] Due to overpopulation, a law was passed globally that requires everyone to hibernate for 100 years at a time after every 90 years. Today is Shutdown Day. As you finish getting tucked into your pod, you instantly notice eyes being shut all around you. But something is wrong. You are still awake.**
*****
“This can’t be real,” Christopher skeptically stated, “I’m not a warrior!”

Astrid chuckled as she inspected her unwilling combatant, “On the contrary, I think you are by far the most capable new-blood I have ever seen,” 

“There’s something about you… I see a concealed rage boiling within you, the others,” she rolled her eyes as she recalled the poor lot from where she had previously plucked him, “they have already given up, accepted their fates, but you!” she threw her arms wide, and then pointed at him, “You! My sweet Christopher, you’re going to make me a lot of water!”

Christopher inspected the makeshift metal padding attached to his forearms, the armor was rusted and at danger of breaking at any moment, “What makes you think I’ll last five seconds in the arena, with these desperate men and women, these savages?”

“Because, I think, based on the vigor of which you told me about your family, that you will reduce this world to dust before you give up on them,”

A memory of Anya flashed in his mind’s eye, she was holding Elle when she was newborn, watching the starry night-sky from their porch, thick clouds of space-dust painted magnificently on natures canvas. He couldn’t help but smile, his eyes shimmering with determination.

“There it is! That’s what I’m talking about, the other guy is as good as dead!” 

“Again, remember, only one person leaves this arena, both fighters are destroyed otherwise. You can’t afford to be weak! Think of poor Elle of the future, growing up without a father!” Astrid gave him an old pipe and pushed him towards the center of the arena, “Now, go out there and win me some water!” 

His opponent, a scrawny looking young-adult, maybe around twenty years of age, shivered slightly with a small dagger at the center, waiting. He wore much of the same armor as Christopher, some scrap-metal haphazardly strapped to some of the weaker points of the human anatomy.

Feigning confidence, the kid said, “Any last words, old man?” 

Christopher certainly didn’t think of himself as an old man, he was only twenty-nine!

He felt saddened by the prospect of snuffing out a life that had barely begun, but he promised Elle his very best, “Only that you’ll forgive me,” which in this case would mean his absolute worst. He walked without stopping towards his opponent, which seemed to unnerve the kid terribly. A deep-seated anger blistered within Christopher.

No one in the growing crowd had given an explicit go-ahead, or a signal for the fight to start, he didn’t care. He swung the pipe towards the center of mass, it struck home with a sickening crunch. His opponent groaned in pain and attempted to shield his body with his free arm while swinging wildly with the dagger in the other. But his reach was too low, the range of the pipe being in clear advantage.

Christopher swung towards his opponent’s head and knocked him over, the dagger flew to the side in a minor explosion of dust, “No! Please—", Christopher slammed the pipe using both hands in a downwards motion, ending the fight in a swift coup de grace. The crowd roared in approval, and he made his way back to Astrid.

An announcer stepped out of the crowd and shouted, “The stone-cold killer, Christopher, is victorious! Astrid is awarded one liter of water for winning this fight, well done!”

Christopher handed the bloodied pipe back to his current owner, his rage was subsiding fast and he felt a little queasy, “I think I need to sit down. I’m a terrible, grotesque human being!” 

Astrid’s brown eyes gleamed with pride, like that of a bird-mother who just witnessed her baby take their first flight, “Like I said when I first met you, perfect!”
*****
I hope you enjoyed this piece, if you have comments or concerns please let me know and (if you want me to continue) I'll craft the next chapter accordingly. Thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] You randomly discover “penny for your thoughts” actually works for you. Every time you hand someone a penny you can then read their thoughts. It’s a fun trick until you regret hearing the evil plot your neighbour has planned.**
*****
Gordon shut off the lawn-mower and turned around expecting to find someone standing there. He wouldn’t have noticed the man, had it not been for the sun reflecting off his pristine bald head.

“Do you have a ceramic bird bath that I can borrow?” the cue ball expelled.

“I’m… Gordon, what?”

“For the birds, it’s a hot day. I thought you knew?”

Gordon used a handkerchief to soak up some of the accumulated sweat, the man seemed a little intense. He hadn’t blinked once or even averted his gaze, Gordon couldn’t help getting a sinking feeling, even if the man stood only marginally higher than a garden gnome.

“Yes or no, they’re waiting,” the man’s foot tapped against the ground to a seemingly irregular tune only he knew the notes to.

“Is this a common item to have here? I’ll go exploring for one once I settle in, but for now I cannot help you.”

Veins popped on the neighbours reddening neck, “I thought you would be different, but you only care about yourself!”  

Before the man could storm off, Gordon fell back on old ways and decided this was simply too good to pass up. “Hold up, neighbour,”

“What?” spit flew the respectable distance between them, onto Gordon’s face.

Gordon smiled in spite of the watery assault, taking something from his pocket, “Penny for your thoughts?” he said, flipping the penny to the other man.

The pygmy snatched the metal out of the air, “My thoughts are my own, but I’m keeping this!” he scurried off across the street without looking either way, a red pickup honked at the careless pedestrian.

Gordon had met some strange people in his day, but this one certainly took the prize. This would be fun, the grass could wait. He rolled the lawn-mower back to the shed and walked inside his house through the terrace with a spring in his step.

He grabbed a bottle of old scotch and put it down on a small brown side-table, next to his beige recliner, he sank down in what could only be described as heaven for his buttocks.

Gordon had only began pouring the amber liquid before familiar echoes ebbed and flowed against the shores of his mind. He would be eavesdropping the thoughts of his elf-like neighbour for only a short time, he knew. Probably around a week if the past was any indicator.  

“The floor is yours,” Gordon revelled, a sip burned his throat to his great satisfaction.

“I’ll show them,” a faint whisper announced, “They’ll all regret crossing me!”  

Wonderful, just fantastic. His eccentric neighbour was no doubt going to play a prank on them, he would have the time of his life with this information. Gordon thought about preemptively digging a hole and covering it with leaves and grass, it wouldn’t even have to be that big!

The door opened to Gordon’s home, “What a day!” his wife Ann announced. She leaned against the entrance-way wall to the living-room before doing a double take, “A bit early for scotch?”

Gordon grinned, “Ann, I have just met the oddest neighbour, just across the street–” he started.

“–Kill, starting with Gordon...” a voice crackled against his mind.

Gordon dropped his glass, the liquid spilling out over the wooden panels.

Ann rushed over to her husband, placing a petite hand on his shoulder, “Is everything alright?”  

Gordon turned his head towards his concerned wife, “Because of a ceramic bird bath?”
*****
A late-night submission to WP, thank you for reading!**[WP] Life is great at the Nun Academy. You are friends with most of the girls and are a star pupil. One day you receive a letter from your long lost father in which he details an ancient ritual for you to perform with your classmates. The letter is signed: Paimon, King of Hell**
*****
“What’s wrong?” Kira asked her best friend, Lorena, “see a specter pass by, did you?”

“It’s a letter,” Lorena replied after a moment of silence, “it’s from your father, here.”

Kira’s heart skipped a beat, the hole in her soul she had so carefully plugged up over the years burst forth, like a dam that could hold back the water no longer. She had never known her father, apparently the bastard had left her life just moments after she was birthed. She had never truly forgiven him for leaving, only learned to live with the pain.

She opened the letter, the text was carefully written on strange yellowed leather, with an highly unusual texture. The black ink that covered the piece was highly decorative, seamlessly flowing from one letter to the next. It was... perfect. Whoever her father was he could write like none other, this level penmanship, it was like nothing she had ever seen before.

“Hello Kira, it’s been a while– ” the letter began, “I must say it’s a rather bizarre occupation you’ve picked up, given your… distinct ancestry.

Now, I know I haven’t been around much, and I can already sense your resentment all the way from my palace! But do not mistake my absence for not caring about you. Rest assured, I have watched you closely, my child.

You may not believe me when I say that your life has been in constant danger, and that you’ve been targeted multiple times in your short twenty-nine years on this earth. In fact, you are holding one of the would-be assassins in your hands at this very moment.”

Kira inhaled sharply as she realized what type of leather she was holding, but she couldn’t stop reading, it was too– captivating.

“He shouldn’t have crossed us, you must understand that we now have a legacy to uphold. One day you will see that not only are actions such as these necessary, they are justified. You will come to understand this, believe me, you will.

Our family has many enemies. The kind you wouldn’t believe, even if I told you.

Anyway, I’m running out of assassin to write on– to quickly summarize these past few years: I’ve been busy overthrowing a tyrant, and let’s just say I’ve now picked up where he left off.

Now, time grows short… I hate to do this so suddenly but– read this next part with utmost care, you must do exactly as my servant Lorena directs, if we are to survive the coming trials. A ritual is needed to thwart His advances, I’ll get you up to speed once we meet in person, now go.

Yours truly,  
Paimon, King of Hell.”

Kira turned in shock towards her friend Lorena, who had been quiet up until now. Her eyes were no longer the beautiful blue they had been moments before, they were now completely black, “This way my Queen, we must begin preparations immediately.”
*****
Thank you for reading!

I'm back from a longer writing hiatus, hoping to have more time to post now, hope you enjoy this story.**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
## Frank & Sarah

The snow gently tumbled around them in the cold night air, Frank’s Impala coughing a few times before the engine reluctantly started. They drove off onto the lonely country-road in silence, unsure of how to begin solving their problems, the road bumpy and not plowed.

“I—" Frank frowned, “what can we do now? Inform the government?”

Sarah peeked out the partially frozen window on her side, “We don’t know how far his influence stretches,”

“If I were Magnus, I would have agents scattered throughout key areas of the government.”

Frank fell silent and turned right, before continuing, “We’re definitely on the *aliens most wanted* list now, and since I don’t have any family left, I suppose they’re going to watch our friends closely,” he faced Sarah, “a lesser man might become bitter under similar circumstances.” 

Frank turned on the radio, a truly awful country-song started playing, something about a beat-up truck, a woman, alcohol by moonlight, and an old dirt road. It was great.

“I think—” Sarah carefully stated, “I think we should run,”

“Like cowards?” Frank retorted and turned left onto a larger, better maintained road, theirs was still the only car around.

“Well, we’ve already been brave and done the stupid thing, which was your idea, admittedly. We found out about Magnus, a beefed-up super-alien that is ostensibly time-constrained, they are not even looking to destroy humanity! In short, I think we’ve made it worse. That’s why I think, ah, a tactical-retreat might be the right move.”

Frank sobered his expression, “They are killing humans, Sarah, to further their own twisted goals!”

“Not unlike what humans are already doing to themselves,” Sarah pointed out.

Frank had no clever comebacks, so he simply fell silent, she was right, his scouting plan had most certainly almost gotten them killed. The aliens might even decide to hurt their friends, should Frank and Sarah fail to return home, he hadn’t thought of that. He hadn’t thought about a lot of things. Perhaps the only play they had left, was retreat. He wasn’t thrilled about the idea, but everyone ended up dead in the other scenarios he could think of.

“Alright, look, I can’t live with the blood of my friends on my conscience,” Frank sighed, “but, we can probably afford a couple of days in hiding, to plan our next move, who knows? Maybe they’ll forget all about us!” 

Sarah shook her head, “I think your ability might be more powerful than I initially estimated, I don’t know what happened with you and Mark in that room, but it appeared as if you could… see *through* him. Frank, you completely dominated Mark, we should’ve killed him.”

Frank thought Sarah had a point, but his morals didn’t budge, “Listen, I am not— we are not like them, I don’t think it’s wise to kill, if we can help it.”

“When you told me, what happened to the guards back in that interrogation room,” the memory of that room still stung as Sarah recalled it, she looked Frank in his green- and gray-clouded eyes, “you didn’t seem to have any trouble killing, then.”

“That was different,” Frank put a hand on Sarah’s left leg, “It was us… or *them*. Mark couldn’t even fight back, knocked out cold by that box—”

Powerful headlights suddenly blinded them from behind, a car had managed to sneak up behind them, “What the hell? I thought we were the only ones on this road!"

The dark sedan slammed into the left rear-side of Frank’s Impala, Frank fought against the ambush by trying to keep his car on the road, but it was no use, the back swerved and he was forced down into a shallow ditch, the speed and the angle causing Frank’s car to do a barrel-roll in the air, a large swath of snow coming along for the ride. His car landed on its side and rolled across the large snowy field, coming to a stop upside-down.
*****


Thank you for reading! 

 |
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |
 |
 |
 |**[WP] Due to overpopulation, a law was passed globally that requires everyone to hibernate for 100 years at a time after every 90 years. Today is Shutdown Day. As you finish getting tucked into your pod, you instantly notice eyes being shut all around you. But something is wrong. You are still awake.**
*****
Christopher woke up in cold sweat, night-terrors had become regular occurrence ever since he became the champion of the arena. He had killed twelve people, all-in-all. Their pleadings, begging him for mercy, it haunted him. He looked around his room, the soft amber light of dawn finding its way through the holes and cracks of the crumbling structure.

The last person he fought, the reigning champion, was not a slave like he had been, but a citizen of Wakefield. Christopher’s left arm ached as he shuffled to a seated position, the arm was suspended by a dirty blue-black patterned tie wrung around his neck. The sprained arm had been a parting gift from number twelve, before a broken piece of armor-scrap had severed his ties with this world, along with his windpipe.

By championing the arena, Christopher had earned citizenship in Wakefield, a room on the third floor of a fallen skyscraper, some water, along with a reputation for being merciless. He had been given the option to retire from the arena, which he promptly took.

Christopher walked Wakefield’s broken roads, most people giving him a wide berth, except for a familiar large burly man that suddenly clapped him on his back, a pang of pain echoed throughout his left arm. Over the last few weeks, Christopher had learned that the man’s name was Bill.

“Ha-ha! Christopher ‘The Merciless’ Wilson, eh? If I knew you were going to be so bloody effective I would’ve bet water on you sooner!”

A part of Christopher wanted to hurt Bill, for indirectly forcing him into the arena, but he was at least now in a better position to find someone who could help him re-enter deep-sleep. 

Still groggy and easily irritated Christopher responded, “Do that again and we’ll see just how effective I can be,” 

Bill mockingly threw up his hands and backed off two paces, “I wouldn’t dream of it! Speaking of dreams,” he closed the gap and leaned in close to Christopher, his rancid breath festering, “you any closer to finding someone who can help you with your predicament?”

Images of Elle happily running around his house briefly interrupted Christopher’s train of thought, “Ah, no. No-one here seems familiar with hibernation systems, and to be honest, I don’t think Wakefield is the right place to find a computer-expert.”

A row of yellow teeth shone through Bill’s grin, “I’ve always liked you, Christopher, so I’m going to throw you a bone,”

“There is someone who dabbles with computers, a hermit by the name of Harold, he might be able to help you, but ah—”

Christopher’s eyes widened, “But?”

“Let’s just say he doesn’t like people very much… Now that I think about it, you two have a lot in common!”

“*Ahem*, and you would have to traverse the wasteland, for a few days,”

Christopher didn’t realize he had tightly gripped Bill’s grimy red shirt by the neck, carrying the stare of a desperate starving man, “A few days in what direction?”

“We— west! Let go off me!”

Christopher came to and released his grip, “Sorry. Thank you, I need to make arrangements!” he said before running off in search of the supplies needed for the trip. 

Bill watched Christopher storming off towards the market-place, “there goes the angriest man I’ve ever met,” he mumbled to himself.
*****
I decided to skip over the rest of the arena fights and move the plot forward instead. If you want me to continue, we'll see if Christopher can find this Harold and whether or not he can help Christopher re-unite with his frigid family! 

Thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] Due to overpopulation, a law was passed globally that requires everyone to hibernate for 100 years at a time after every 90 years. Today is Shutdown Day. As you finish getting tucked into your pod, you instantly notice eyes being shut all around you. But something is wrong. You are still awake.**
*****
Christopher didn’t recognize any of their  faces. They had been forced to stand on a shoddy platform, it was made  from wood, and a few planks were missing. Fear and excitement hung in  the air, and the captors stood next to their merchandise.

They  had drawn a medium-sized crowd, men, women, and children in grimy,  dusty, tattered clothes stood clumped together, bidding on their future  property, “A liter for the dark-haired one!” a skittish-looking person  shouted.

Christopher lost his temper again, “Liter? I’m being sold for water? Hey, you lumbering oaf, yeah you!”

He  tampered down on his rage as the burly man drew closer, and spoke in a  lower voice, “I had a few bottles of water with me in my backpack, it’s  yours if you let me go! I need to find someone who can help me wit—”

The  man grunted, “You mean my water? You, my friend, have no water,” he  looked Christopher in the eyes, “You got fire, I like that. Don’t make  me kill you.”

A woman was heard over the masses, “Two liters for the brown-haired one, yeah, green-eyes!”

The  large burly man nodded, “That will suffice! He’s yours, but be careful  around him, he’s a feisty one!” he gestured for Christopher to walk down  the wooden-platform, he whispered in Christopher’s ear as they stepped  down, “You’re lucky, friend, only a seventy-percent chance that you’ll  end up dead within the next week. That’s about as favorable as it gets.”

She  was a slender woman, long unkempt blonde hair flowed down to her  shoulders, “You will be perfect! Tell me, what’s your name?”

Christopher  gave her his name and explained his unfortunate set of circumstances as  they walked, presumably, towards her place. He had considered  overpowering the woman and running, but there were guard-looking thugs  wandering all over the place. He’d never make it.

Christopher  was surprised to find that his surroundings suggested that this had  been a sprawling city at some point, but it appeared to be disastrously  decrepit in its current state. Ruins of skyscrapers, ancient vehicles  and even some broken-down boats, the corpses of another era.

“Deep-sleep,  you say? Curious indeed. Ah yes, where are my manners. My name is  Astrid, please, this way,” they walked through a red-rusted container,  used as a bridge over a small gap.

After  wandering this graveyard of a city for a while, they finally arrived at  the skeleton of a skyscraper, around four or five floors remaining,  Astrid’s estate, “Here it is, marvelous, isn’t it?”

Well,  this could certainly be worse, it’s still extremely bad, but at least  Astrid seems like an okay slave-owner, Christopher thought. They entered  the building and went up to the second floor, a metal cage in one  corner, a dusty carpet, some broken furniture, and a desk. How nice. He  did a double-take on seeing the cage and cleared his throat, “What’s  with the cage?”

Astrid pulled out a  long-jagged knife and pointed it at Christopher, “Please don’t make this  next step hard, you sold for quite a hefty sum of water,”

Night  fell again, and he shivered in the cold night-air. Christopher had  found himself incarcerated again, he punched the metal bars, “Damn it!  What does that backstabbing hag want with me?”
*****
Thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] Due to overpopulation, a law was passed globally that requires everyone to hibernate for 100 years at a time after every 90 years. Today is Shutdown Day. As you finish getting tucked into your pod, you instantly notice eyes being shut all around you. But something is wrong. You are still awake.**
*****
Christopher Wilson had heard the stories  surrounding Shutdown Day from a very early age. You get into the  hibernation-pod, a hissing sound starts, you feel a chill and then you  wake up in the future, simple. But Christoper didn’t wake up in the  future, because he never fell asleep.

Christopher hit the grimy glass from the inside of the pod, “Help! I think something’s wrong! Anyone?”

He  could make out rows and rows of the white-black hibernation-pods, too  many to count. No one came to his rescue, despair churned in his stomach  like a ragged stone-wheel. He thought that this was it, he was going to  die, surrounded by his fellow humans, by those who loved him, but  completely alone.

The pod hissed,  “Finally!”, but to his surprise there was no mist to carry him into  better days, it was the hatch that opened, the pod tilted slightly to  help him disembark onto the metal-grating platform.

A  terrible realization washed over Christopher as he considered what this  meant, if he couldn’t find a way to enter the deep sleep, then his life  would still be forfeit. The only remains left for his wife and  daughter, a shriveled corpse. Determined to avoid this fate, he went in  search for a control room, perhaps there would be instructions on how to  fix his pod.

After walking for several  minutes on the suspended walkway, he came across a door that led into a  hallway painted in red, thick black letters indicating where he was  going, “Control room 12B should be this way, finally some luck!”

He  allowed himself some excitement as the door slid open without protest, a  large computer-screen blinked to life, it took up most of the  wall-space inside, two smaller screens on arms protruded out at him,  statistics about system-operation happily danced across them.

Christopher  searched using the large computer-screen and quickly found some general  manuals describing the hibernation process. He knew the reason they  even hibernated in the first place was because of overpopulation and  energy concerns, because of this there likely wouldn’t be any extra pods  for him to enter, maintenance was his only option.

*In  case of catastrophic core failure, the pod will enter fail-safe mode  and eject the user from the faulty device. The compromised core must  then be replaced, and the system must be rebooted and re-configured by  hibernation-system professionals.*

Christopher  hung his head low, facing the translucent keyboard, the cores were  heavy and dangerous to handle alone, and he was no hibernation-system  professional. He clung onto some small hope that he could overcome this  obstacle, but he knew it would be nigh-impossible. Furthermore, the pods  were not designed for users to wake up before a hundred years had  passed, the process sent the body into a near-dead state and would cause  serious damage if the user was prematurely ejected. Which meant he  couldn't find and wake one of these experts, either.

He  walked back to his pod, he watched his wife and daughter sleeping. His  beautiful family. He put his hands on the glass-windows, “I am… sorry.  My only realistic option is to enter the wasteland in search of someone  who could help me, someone who’s still awake. It’s likely that we will  never see each other again, Anya,” he turned his head, tears dripping  down his cheeks, “Elle, daddy is going to do his very best… so that we  can see each other again, but should I fail, I need you to be strong for  mother.”

Christopher stepped away from the pods, “I love you both, I’ll… I’ll see you soon.”

After  saying his farewells, Christopher stepped out into the blazing light,  and began the journey that would be remembered for generations to come.
*****
A story that sprung to life from another truly excellent prompt. I hope you enjoy it, thanks for reading!**[EU] Captain Jack Sparrow takes command of an imperial Star Destroyer in an effort to find the greatest rum in the universe.**
*****
“When you marooned me on that god forsaken spit of land you call *Earth*, you forgot one very important thing, mate,” Jack paused as his and the Star Destroyer crew watched him incredulously, the hologram of Darth Vader towering above him, “I’m Captain Jack Sparrow!” he said before turning off the annoying hologram.

“Now then! How do I steer this thing?” he posed the question openly as he started clicking at random on the console before him. The sound of sirens began echoing throughout the ship, and from the helm where they stood, green lasers shot out into the dark to fend off the invisible enemy, Jack frowned.

Pintel and Ragetti each held an arm of the previous captain and brought him before Jack Sparrow, “Found ‘is one ‘iding in the loo, Captain” Pintel grinned with a row of yellow teeth on proud display, Ragetti chuckling like a mouse.

Jack looked suspiciously at the old captain, bending over slightly, “You’re going to tell me how to steer this ship, savvy?”

“And why would I do such a thing? *Pirate scum*!” he spat, “what do you want? Gold? Treasures? We will wipe out your god forsaken plane—"

“Not all treasures are silver and gold, mate,” Jack interrupted, “a peculiar curse has befallen our lovely blue planet, the rum is gone! So, we’ve decided to fill our kegs elsewhere!” Jack’s crew cheered, a few of the Star Destroyer crew chiming in as well.

“Well,” Jack drew his sword up to the defiant captain’s throat, “what’s it gonna be?”

“You need the full crew to steer this ship, this is not some ancient water bound vesse—”

“What you’re really saying is, that we don’t need you. Throw him overboard!”

After a couple of minutes of yelling and pleading for mercy, Gibbs, Pintel and Ragetti finally managed to force the man into the small room to be jettisoned, moments later the old captain’s frozen body could be seen slowly drifting outside the helm of the ship.

Jack pulled out the familiar black and gold embroidered box, pulling up the lid and seeing a spinning red-arrow that would point to what he wanted the most. He looked at his mixed crew, all now loyal, for the moment.

“Alright, men! Fire all thrusters towards—“, he held up a finger into the air and wobbled as the arrow kept spinning in circles, it finally stopped, pointing into the void before him, “that direction!”
*****
I wish you all a happy and wonderful holiday season, Merry Christmas to you all, and thanks for reading!**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
## FRANK
“Alright,” Frank nodded, scrutinizing Mark “Magnus is collecting these abilities for himself, why?”

“*Lord* Magnus,” the imp began before quickly dropping his imperious bravado as Frank gave an irritated look, “B-but yes, he is amassing abilities to increase his dominion,”

“Humanity is perfect, you see, you don’t even realize amongst yourselves that there is a minute but, ah, not insignificant portion of your race that possess extraordinary abilities, absolutely perfect.”

Frank noted that Sarah had begun searching the shelves, pulling out boxes, inspecting the contents. 

“Let me guess, your plan is to take over the world?”

Mark appeared slightly aghast by Frank’s question, “Why… would you think that?”

“I’ve seen movies Mark, you’re telling me, right now, that you’re not planning to put ‘Lord’ Magnus on the metaphorical throne of Earth?”

The imp shook his head, chuckling slightly, “Utterly ridiculous, we have no interest in your otherwise insignificant rock,”

“So, what? You sneak in, leave a few shriveled corpses, and then leave? Just like that?”

“I sometimes forget humanity’s, ah, sense of self-importance, you are simply a means to an end, we seek neither your obliteration nor your enslavement,”

“…Realize, finding life possessing… abilities like *yours*-- that we are able to extract, is not trivial.”

Frank stood in blank amazement, his mind being unusually clear, Mark was being genuine. 

“Besides, time is not playing in our favor—”

The ship shook and one of the withdrawn boxes crashed into Mark’s head, knocking him out cold. A loud announcement echoed throughout the ship, “All non-essential personnel please report to the docking bay, Lord Magnus has arrived.”

The announcement repeated, Frank and Sarah looked at the unconscious imp, then at each other, “*Oh shit!*” 

## SARAH

The announcement repeated a few more times as Frank and Sarah scrambled to find a solution, “Our ship is in the docking bay!” Frank hissed, “What do we do now?”

Sarah eyed the withdrawn boxes, ominous black cubes clearly visible, “I think a little sabotage is in order,” she directed and grabbed one of the extractors and repeatedly stomped on it. The object was quite sturdy, but finally gave way to Sarah’s unrelenting violence, thick red gunk sizzled out of the extractor as the dying electronics gave off a few dying sparks in protest.

They must’ve destroyed at least twenty of the devices, the floor now painted in thick red, their boots completely covered in the unsettling obscenity. Frank attempted to brush off some rogue droplets that had stained his torso, “Well, this is going to raise a few red flags,” he remarked in disgust.

“Let’s step outside, lose the boots— grab as many extractors as you can, let’s jettison them on our way out,” 

Sarah didn’t know what to expect from *Lord* Magnus, it sounded like he would be powerful if he’d been extracting abilities for, presumably, years. There was no sense in letting him amass even more power before they knew what to do with this newly revealed information. She knew that confrontation would be ill-advised.

After removing their red-covered boots, they quickly made their way to one of the garbage chutes and tossed in the dark devices, there was a series of loud clanking noises before a short venting sound began and ended abruptly.

“You still have your stunner, right? A ship this large must have maintenance routes, we might be able to sneak back to our ship from there.”

Sarah and Frank quickly jogged down the long white corridors, they ran into a man walking towards the docking-bay when turning a corner, “Watch yourselves…?”, the man quickly noticed that they had red stains on their otherwise white clothing and that they wore no boots. 

“!”, Sarah and Frank quickly overpowered and muffled the man’s attempt at shouting, “Maintenance route, docking-bay!” Sarah quietly commanded.

“Walk past two doors ahead, take a left and there will be a marked door at the end of the hallway,” the man quickly stammered.

Frank gave Sarah a nod and, after leaving the man stunned on the floor, they quickly found the promised door. They entered a series of poorly-lit coarse gray corridors, numerous wires hooked into screens displaying various metrics along most of the walls, the width of the tunnels could barely fit the two of them walking side-by-side, they quickly made their way back to the docking-bay. 

“Well, this seems to have worked out remarkably well,” Frank whispered as they walked into the large docking area, hiding behind a few large metal containers. They inspected their surroundings. Men and women marched in two files, some fifty meters from them towards the entrance-hallway, one hulking man walking by himself in the middle, back turned.

“Magnus? Let’s not wait to find out,” Sarah gestured towards their parked vessel.

## CHAPTER EPILOGUE
It was a mess, cabinets were strewn over the seemingly gory floor, boots were left in a heap nearby on the outside of the small room, “What is the meaning of this?” Magnus furious voice reverberated.

“Lord Magnus, we found Mark unconscious inside,” a member of the crew reported.

“Wake him!”

After some not so gentle face-slapping on Mark’s prone body he groggily awoke, “…Who, where?”, before quickly realizing the towering man above him, “My lord!”, he quickly staggered himself to a standing position.

The air seemed to physically heat around the giant, “Speak quickly, what happened here?”

“A-a human and his companion infiltrated The Voidcaller!”

“And just how did they manage to destroy all these ability extractors?” Magnus echoed through the corridor, “What was their purpose here?” he spat.

“T-they questioned me about our operations and I, ah, I answered them.”

“And why would you do that, Mark? Are you trying to anger me further?!”

“The man called himself Frank, my Lord, he had the ability to detect lies, to rip the truth out of me, I could not resist!”

Magnus seemed to deeply consider this, the heating air around him quickly dissipating. If he could dominate other beings either directly or indirectly, that would be exponentially more valuable than these mostly flashy abilities he had acquired. 

“Exquisite, Bedford!” Magnus waved for one of his servants, the destroyed extractors all but forgotten. A heavily-built man hastily made his way to Magnus, “My lord?”

“Send out an emergency transmission to all of our agents,”

“We must capture this Frank alive, everything else is to be set on hold,” 

“And I emphasize, *alive*, I will tear this ability from him myself! His is the ability that will bring a resolution to our quandary!”
*****


Thank you for reading!

 |
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |
 |
 |**[WP] You've been targeted by an assassin who keeps very strict work hours. If you make it through the work day, they'll try again tomorrow. Its been six months and your relationship with the assassin is starting to get...serious.**
*****
He stumbled once as he sped across the pavement, pushing himself up with one hand before he could fall completely. It was going to be close, she’s getting better. He broke into an alley, he could hear vague cheering from the pedestrians. He leaped on-top of a closed garbage can and used his parkour-training to leap over the metal-fence. He landed gracefully on his feet on the other end, not checking to see how close his would-be killer was.

He was quickly reaching his limit as he turned the corner, he glanced quickly at his watch, “16:59, just in time!”, he noted as he pushed himself to the brink. He ran down a set of stone stairs and turned around, a cold-steel knife greeted his throat just as his watch started beeping.

“Damn it! I was so close this time,” she said in a frustrated voice as she sheathed the knife into her black-leather jacket. The patrons of the bar let out a frustrated moan as Steve once again managed to escape unscathed.

“Ha-ha, I told you he would make it, pay up!” an old man gestured with his hat around a round wooden table, his compatriots paid up in loud protest, “It’s getting closer Steve, your days are numbered! Do us all a favor and just die already!”

Steve had the biggest shit-eating grin plastered on his face that you could imagine, “Now then, Jessica, you promised to have drinks with me if I made it!” he motioned to the free seat next to him, just by the end of the bar.

Jessica sighed, “A deal’s a deal, hey, bartender! One Dark and Stormy for me, please!”

Steve ordered beer from the tap, took a large swig, foam leaving its traces on his miniscule moustache. He really fancied a dangerous woman, Steve thought the scar across her left cheek added to her appeal, she was a smaller than average woman, blonde and often dressed in black.

“You remember the time you hid as a statue in the Egyptian museum? I really thought you had me there!”

Empty glasses quickly filled the bar-counter as they swapped their favorite assassination stories, the bartender simply shook his head as he observed them, “I wish you two would just kiss already”, a knife quickly embedded itself in the wall behind the bartender, “…my mistake” he muttered and walked away to serve his other patrons.

Steve looked at his watch and sighed, “I suppose we should call it,”

“Yeah… it’s been fun, though. Same time tomorrow then, Steve.”

“Hey… Jessica?” Steve blurted as she was about to leave.

“Yes?”

“What do you say we go to that fancy restaurant tomorrow, the one on Elm street?”

“…If I make it, of course!” he quickly added.

Jessica pondered for a moment before replying, “Yeah, sounds like fun. See you tomorrow, Steve.”

“See you tomorrow,” Steve smiled.
*****
A bonus flash-story I squeezed out of this day in-between writing on my current favorite story *Frank and the Alien*, thanks for reading!**[WP] A totalitarian government I.D's and installs tracking chips in it's citizens to better control them. Your chip malfunctions, and you become somewhat of an urban legend in your efforts to bring them down undetected and untraceable. They call you citizen #404.**
*****
The sound of heavy knocking woke Cedric up in the middle of the night, “Who could that be, at this hour?” he asked himself as he sat up at the edge of the bed. 

His wife, Lexie, grabbed his arm, “Don’t answer the door, its past curfew!” 

“You know I have to see who it is, maybe somebody’s been injured, I’m a doctor!”

Despite Lexie’s best efforts, Cedric stood up and went for the door, still in his night clothes.

Cedric opened the door, he was not greeted with anyone in distress, instead there stood two armed soldiers. Their black trench coats seemed to glint ever so slightly in the soft moonlight, stripes of red revealed itself here and there in classic Osapolis fashion. They stood firmly planted outside his home, one of the men holding out a sheet of paper.

“Cedric, you are under arrest. Please do not resist or we will take your wife as well!”

Still half-way in the dream world, not fully awake, Cedric struggled to find the words, “I— What? Under what charge?!”

The soldier didn’t flinch, folding the sheet of paper into the side-pocket of his trench coat, “You are believed to have aided the rebellion, healing enemies of the state, harboring fugitives!”

Cedric knew all of that was true, question was, how did the dictator’s dogs know? How could word have gotten out? He’d been careful, there was no way someone would’ve ratted him out, no way!

“There must be some mistake, I’m a doctor, I have no love for the rebels!” Cedric protested.

The soldiers grabbed him by the arms and dragged him out into the stone-laid street, “You’re making a grave mistake, I help people!”

Cedric’s face was met with the blunt side of a side-arm, breaking his nose, the pain blurring his vision momentarily. He thought he could see something dancing in the shadows.

“Do not make a scene,” one of the soldiers began before he spotted something, “who goes—” was all he could blurt out before one of the nearby house walls met with his face in a sickening crunch.

The remaining soldier dropped Cederic to the ground and scrambled to ready his pistol, but he was too late, a knife embedded itself deep in his throat, and after some brief gurgling, he collapsed to the ground.

Cederic had aided wounded rebels, but he had never seen combat quite so close before, and although he didn’t feel bad for the death of the soldiers, he couldn’t help but shake at the violence.

A hand presented itself before Cederic’s vision, “You’re that doctor I’ve been hearing so much about,” a hoarse voice said. Cederic grabbed the hand and stumbled to his feet.

Cederic inspected his savior, he saw a gaunt, malnourished, middle-aged man, scars painted all over his face, could this be the infamous citizen? 

“We don’t have much time, Cederic, we’re going to have to risk it,”

“Risk what?”

The man looked at Cederic suspiciously, “You cannot be allowed to follow me unless I break your tracker,”

“Look, we don’t use these devices unless we have to, there are cleaner ways to do this,” the man held out a strange glass device with sharp pointed ends, it emitted dim blue light, barely illuminating his hand.

“I’m not going anywhere without my wife—” Cedric firmly stated before a sharp pain turned his world dark.
*****
Thank you for reading!**[EU] The old gods arrived. The giant Lovecraftian horrors made themselves known to the world and... We weren't really bothered by it. Turns out the average person can comprehend what amounts to a giant squid beast. They were a mild inconvenience more or less.**
*****
Duncan leaned over the port-side, his large gray trench-coat flapping in the strong wind. He peered into the dark waters, “Are you sure it’s safe?” he asked one more time from one of the crew members that patrolled the large vessel. Duncan had learned that his name was Zane.

Rain began tippling down, “Fer the last time, we’re in nae danger!” the scruffy crew-man exclaimed, he wore thick wool over a brown leather jacket.

Duncan faced Zane, unconvinced, “How can you be so sure? Our world is under siege by Eldritch horrors!”

“The giant squids? Aye, ‘tis inconvenient, fer sure,” Zane conceded. 

“*Inconvenient*?” Duncan looked incredulously at the man, “The old gods have awoken, you fool!”

“Don’t worry yer wee head about it, lad, nae beast can stop *this* ship!” Zane’s eyes glinted as he held his arms wide, gesturing towards the incredibly large ship.

A low abominable tone echoed down from the heavens and Duncan’s eyes widened as he saw that massive black tentacles penetrated through the thick gray clouds, “It’s him! We’re all going to die!” he cried.

Zane blew a whistle and frowned, “Every Wednesday, I tell you what,”

Duncan panicked and ran under a metal grated walk-way, looking on in horror towards the skies as the tentacles slowly descended upon them. He heard someone approaching from the deck above him, slow thuds that finally started walking down the steps he was hiding under, Duncan’s skin crawled as he saw the dark-robed shape go down the stairs. The unknown man had a very peculiar beard dipping beneath the hood of his robes, thick, almost like— did it just move?

Zane caught sight of the stranger, “Oi! Finally, ye bloody priest ‘o Azathoth, we’re in need of yer incantations again!”

The dark-robes the humanoid wore were lined with gold seams, he wore an array of pearl necklaces colored red, yellow and blue around his neck. A large round silver ring was securely holding straps of cloth together at his waist.

The priest didn’t speak as much as he made gargling noises, a whisper that seemed to emanate from within Duncan’s skull spoke in a language he didn’t recognize, yet he somehow understood that the priest had agreed to help thwart the God in the skies.

The priest slowly walked towards the bow of the ship, lazily beginning the ritual along the way, when he finally stopped, red lines lit up a large circle in the front of the ship, signs Duncan had never seen before hovered above the circle and started orbiting the priest. The large tentacles had almost reached the boat when a groan echoed throughout reality. 

Duncan found that the tentacles were suddenly gone, the rain had stopped, and the waters were no longer dark, but a clear azure.

“W-what just happened?"

Zane had found the time to light a wooden smoking pipe in the chaos, he took a few breaths, exhaled, and chuckled at Duncan, “A mere inconvenience!”
*****
Thank you for reading!**[WP] You’re a tattoo artist who has just opened shop, business isn’t booming but you have a steady flow of casual customers, one thing the customers don’t know is that whatever you put on their skin comes reality. One day you say, “fuck it” and go all out.**
*****
A small bell jingled as the door opened, and a broad-shouldered man entered the shop, “Welcome to Bound by Design!” Trace cheerfully greeted his first customer all week, was it Thursday already?

Trace opened the tattoo parlor only three weeks ago, and business had been meager, at best. He supposed the reason was that he was in fierce competition with other, more well-known and established, tattoo parlors in Shuhchester.

He directed the man, who didn’t have any visible tattoos, to a chair. Trace asked what he could help him with, he had already fetched an art-book containing examples of his art-style, “Here, please have a gander, see if there’s anything in here you like,”

Trace knew, however, that his parlor was unlike any other, his was something special. The ink he embedded in the skin of his customers were not only impeccably detailed workings of art, they also carried enchantments. He had never told his customers that they were being imbued with magical effects, he skillfully navigated the subject by making sure the effects would not draw too much attention to the individual.

He recalled one of his more casual customers who didn’t have any previous tattoos, a woman named Monica who had been down on her luck, she had just lost her job. She had requested to have a small four-leaf clover on her left ankle, in hopes to counteract her bad fortunes. Unbeknownst to her, the reason she had quickly found a new job was because of the minor enchantment Trace’s tattoo had imbued her with.

Understand, the power given by the tattoo is directly correlated to its size, placement, and Trace’s level of concentration.

The man closed the art-book without flipping more than a couple of pages, a shame, seems like the man didn’t like his art, Trace thought.

“This isn’t my first time,” the man said knowingly looking Trace in the eyes, “My previous tattooist died before finishing this,” he said and removed his jacket, Trace’s eyes widened in shock.

Trace considered himself a grand-master tattoo artist, but this ink left him breathless, “It’s… wow, it’s amazing, it’s a damn tragedy that whoever made this passed away!”

The completed parts were placed on the upper back and tapered off towards his lower back. From the top, his natural skin color faded into thick dark clouds, seven candles were lit beneath, in the pouring rain. Below the candles, Saint Peter’s upper body was valiantly posed with his eyes closed, holding a round clock with the clock arms pointed at twelve o’ clock.

Not only was it perfect, to Trace’s further awe, it also seemed to be imbued with enchantments, Trace couldn’t tell what exactly, as it wasn’t his work, but something powerful radiated from the man’s back. He could tell it was more powerful than any enchantment he had passed off to his new customers.

“Let’s cut to the chase,” the man continued, “I need you to finish this piece,”

If Trace was being honest with himself, he was excited beyond exaltation, to be able to continue this masterpiece, no matter what happened it would mean eternal glory, although what enchantments would come out of this combination, he had no idea.

“I would be delighted!” Trace said, excitement poorly concealed, “What did you have in mind?”

The man gave a vague explanation of what he wanted, leaving out details of what the completed work would look like.

Trace considered this for a moment, “Ok, that gives me some ideas, how much skin do you want this to cover?”

The man looked at Trace incredulously, “All possible surfaces, of course,” he grinned, “do you think you can do that?”

Trace had never done full body before, works like these usually required a flawless relationship between the one getting tattooed and the tattoo artist, and they had just met.

Trace pondered it for a minute, either the man had a screw loose or he was determined, to a fault, to finish the tattoo. It bothered him that he didn’t know what powers the man was already imbued with; or how much more powerful they would become after covering the entire person’s skin in ink.

He glanced at the man’s back again, there was something truly— captivating about it. Trace resolved and looked at the man with an artist’s hunger in his eyes, “Eh, fuck it! Let’s do it!”
*****
I really liked this prompt, I hope you like it too. I'm probably going to make a part two at some point.

Thank you for reading!The sound of heavy chains jingled as the tall osseous man pulled his latest capture along the trail towards the steps that led into the village. The smoldering sun coated the world in a sultry membrane that threatened death by heatstroke.

A man sighed as he recognized the familiar face once again trudging up the steps to his village, “James, you proper bastard, to what do I owe the pleasure?”

“Samuel. I have a real bargain for you today!” James pulled on a chain, the imprisoned red-haired child stumbled forward, heavy manacles clamped onto her small wrists, she cursed loudly.

Samuel barked a half-hearted laugh, he was a tall broad-shouldered man wearing simple brown robes with one of the sleeves missing. In its place, he had what appeared to be tightly woven fabric colored in a blend of aquamarine and apricot.

“Oh, one of your bargains is it? Like the Meterian boy you sold me last spring for two silvers?”

“The same boy who not a fortnight later started raising deceased villagers in the dead of night? One of those?”

“Uh, yes, I probably should’ve mentioned that one was a neophyte necromancer—"

“Or how about Cassara? I trudged through a meter of artificial snow for hours before eventually finding her casting the minor spell beneath the temple grounds!”

“A real special talent that one was, good price too!”

“Samuel, listen, I’d love to reminisce, but this one’s truly one of a kind, I swear this to you,” he pointed a skeletal finger at the child, “I can bet you’ve never seen a child such as this before!”

“You say that about everyone, I’m not sure I have the mental fortitude to undertake another one of your bargains, James,”

“…if there was nothing else, you can trot back the way you came,” he gestured towards the winding steps, “I have some business to attend,” Samuel turned his back to the pair and began slowly walking up the remaining steps to the village.

James pulled on the chain again, the increasingly aggravated child pulled back against it, furious green eyes glared at him, “Ahh, but Samuel, what if I told you this one’s a wild mage?”

Samuel stopped dead in his tracks and turned back to inspect the child with renewed curiosity, “Impossible, there hasn’t been a wild mage as old as this for over a century, and even then, the ones history remembers quickly succumbed to their unrestrained use of raw mana!”

James chestnut-colored eyes scintillated in the sun as he gave a wry smile, “You’re right, and it is by the grace of the Seven alone that this one hasn’t yet destroyed herself. It is not without reason she is restrained by this, rather extravagant, pair of void bracers,” he warily spared a glance at the child.

“Say your story finds purchase, that you’ve somehow managed to restrain a young wild mage before everyone involved ended up as a pile of dust,”

“…Ahh, in the spirit of full disclosure, a lot of people *did* end up as a pile of dust,” James conceded before he was interrupted.

Inscribed incantations lit up around the girl’s manacles, ancient characters danced along the rim in a hot fiery glow as she fought against the powerful enchantment, small fires spread across her hands as she channeled raw mana towards her captor, her chains shattering in the process.

A stream of flame shot out at James before his dumbstruck body could command itself to move, the spell sizzled into an invisible wall as Samuel nullified her spell.

“Incredible, she instinctively worked out the complex binding spell of the bracers,” Samuel observed, “…shackles such as these has held older, far wiser mages! Your shriveled black tongue seems to be speaking the truth for a change, James, I’ll take her!”

The small girl looked at her hands in confusion before she lashed out again, this time the flames sizzled before they could leave her hands, as if some unseen vortex had absorbed them, she screamed in frustration at not being able to set her captor ablaze.

“Save the effort child, you stand before a Null Sage,” James warned the little girl still a little shook after his brush with death, he shoved the girl towards her new master, Samuel.

Samuel kneeled to face the young child, “Now then, what should we call you?”

She walked up close to the giant Sage and curtly replied, “Valeria.”
*****

OC or "Original Content" is the tag I am currently using for prompts that I've started myself. At least until / if I can find a better name for it. The writing prompt can be found  if you're interested. Thank you for reading!**[WP] 99.9% of the universe is filled with magic. Sentient races believe that life cannot be started or sustained without magic, and it just so happens that Earth lies in a giant void of magic. One day, you accidentally use magic, suddenly attracting the attention of the rest of the universe.**
*****
Looking back at it, Walt thought it a ludicrous thing to do. It had all pointed to one outcome, but he had challenged it, the alternative would’ve been too much for him to bear. 

They’d been reckless, no one was denying that, climbing to their favorite perch without properly securing themselves on their ascent. But they’d done it so many times before, and nothing had ever happened to them.

The sun blazed in the cerulean sky above, thin alabaster clouds could be seen lazily drifting by. Patches of green erratically popped up here and there on the gray mountain side as the two young men pulled themselves ever closer to their goal.

“You’re getting slow old man,” Victor teased his older brother, Walt, as he continued to quickly scale the rocky wall. 

The brothers had brought a coffee-thermos and a sizeable number of sandwiches. The plan was to climb up to what they’d dubbed *The Peak of the World*. It was the perfect weather too, if not a little windy. At the very top one lone alpine tree prevailed in defiance of the forest beneath. Around the tree, a small stretch of lush verdant grass. If you looked towards the horizon from this vantage point, then you could also observe the beryl ocean, even from this distance the salty air was almost palatable. 

Walt grunted, “Slow down Victor, you’re going too fast!” he cautioned, but was promptly ignored.

Victor must’ve been fused with monkey blood when he was born, the way he loved to climb. It had all been going so well, they were almost at the top where the rocks caved inwards, making the last few meters a breeze to climb.

Victor grabbed a familiar handhold but was met with an unfamiliar lightness as it separated itself from the mountain. He gave out a heart-wrenching cry as he fell backwards towards the abyss, Walt was too slow to catch his little brother as he plunged past. He could not accept it.

Walt willingly jumped after his brother, knowing that it all pointed to one outcome, but he had no choice but to challenge it. Adrenaline filled his system as his body threw out every warning signal it had learned throughout evolution, he would not accept it. Walt focused so strongly on the outcome he’d prefer that the universe buckled under his will. He quickly caught up with his brother, embracing him while still plunging downwards.

A shockwave of light cracked the earth just before their doomed bodies hit it, leaving them hovering inches before oblivion. They finally fell to the ground, unscathed.

“What just happened?” Victor stammered as he wiped tears from his cheeks.

Along Walt’s arms, thick popping veins now glowed with dull blue light, throbbing slowly. Walt didn’t have time to consider any of that. He hugged Victor so tightly it almost threatened his brother’s life for the second time that day.

The brothers counted themselves truly blessed by this outcome, but as they would soon find out, the beings in the deep had taken notice of Walt, and they would soon make their debut.
*****
This is from a prompt I answered yesterday, re-polished for you lovely people. I hope you enjoy it, thanks for reading!**[WP] You've been targeted by an assassin who keeps very strict work hours. If you make it through the work day, they'll try again tomorrow. Its been six months and your relationship with the assassin is starting to get...serious.**
*****
Steve woke up at 4:59 AM, a minute before the alarm was set to go off. He began his morning routine, a series of movements designed to make him more mobile, less prone to muscle-straining. While rolling on the floor he heard the familiar sound of coffee beans being grounded and water spilling.

He exited the bedroom to the otherworldly fragrance emanating from his special blend of premium Ethiopian beans he had bought from a cute old woman running an exclusive coffee shop near his apartment.

He had toast with thick layered peanut butter on top, after concluding his breakfast he glanced at the clock, time for his first delivery. He grabbed the black duffle-bag and walked up to the rooftop and did a few quick bounces, not unlike a boxer. But he was no fighter, he was the opposite; a runner. More specifically he delivered items in a manner that, would in the past, have been considered extreme, bordering on lunacy.

Steve had made reservations for two to *le Mirage* on Elm street, the finest gastronomy restaurant this side of Gixhull. His line of work made it difficult for Jessica to pinpoint his location, and she didn’t start working before 9:00 AM. He usually made it half-way through the day before he caught wind of her. He fully intended to keep his appointment.

Steve threw the duffle-bag over his shoulder and charged up a sprint, he leapt from the skyscraper and landed on the nearby rooftop with a roll, keeping much of his speed. The rush of air, the finesse of movement, error in judgement meaning certain death, he loved it. He smiled and charged on, ebony clouds hovering in the azure skies, sun illuminating his path as he cat-leaped onto another ledge.

“Hope you slip, you illusive bastard!” a man yelled from an open window as Steve’s shadow flashed by.
 
Most citizens had been hoping for Steve’s death ever since the incident, but the city had resolved to hire an assassin to do their dirty work. She had apparently been the best available, costing a tidy sum, the only quirk being that she only worked 9-5. Steve knew that if she didn’t have this ruleset, he would have been long dead. It had already cost too much money for the city to consider aborting the contract, so they kept the tab open. Perhaps they would’ve cancelled it long ago for anyone else, but they *really* disliked Steve, his continued existence would mean their eternal embarrassment.

No one was faster than Steve, however, and he knew it, hence his still existing lucrative clientele. Maybe the business was more on the shady side, but the money was good. If he kept running Jessica wouldn’t get the chance to kill him. 

Steve ran up a wall and pulled himself up, he could see his reflection in the large glass windows as he leapt towards the next skyscraper, but before he could fully appreciate his slim figure, an explosion shook the skyscraper, shattering multiple windows. The shockwave threw him off balance and he missed the mark, his reflexes allowing him to grab a protruding exhaust pipe that was still intact. He looked up, slightly wincing as the sun pierced his eyes, predatory eyes stared down at him from the ledge, a familiar scar on the left cheek.

“Steve,” Jessica curtly said holding a single pistol, a Colt by the looks of it.

She wasn’t supposed to find him for another few hours, he was not sure he could elude her increasing violence for a whole day. He gave her a wide smile.

“Jessica! How nice of you to join me this fine morning,” he began as he dangled, a few slipping fingers separating him from the abyss, “I made reservations at le Mirage at 17:00, don’t be late!” he managed to use his legs to build up enough momentum to quickly swing towards the nearby broken window and inside the skyscraper, he cut his elbow on the broken glass, but he had no time to inspect it, he had to lose the assassin if he was going to survive until dinner.
*****
Hope you all are having a fine day, this is an experimental continuation on *The Would-be Assassin*-storyline as a few of you have requested. Let me know if you want me to continue, in any case thanks for reading!**[WP] No science, no magic. By pure force of will, you've merged your mortal conscience to your immortal soul right before you die. The afterlife's caretakers aren't really prepared to deal with a cognizant soul, they're actually hilariously bad at stopping you.**
*****
“Welcome to the afterlife gentle soul! You must be confused as to how you got he—” a sooty old man with a grand white beard greeted Ferdinand, as he stumbled into his new existence.

“I drove into a large truck on the freeway, there’s nothing particularly difficult to grasp here,” Ferdinand replied bluntly.

“Yes, yes child. I’m sure you have questions… Wait, what?”

“Head-on collision, no way I could’ve survived my injuries,”

“You’re not supposed to remember anything, Pontus can you check what’s wrong with this one?”

“What kind of an ethereal name is Pontus? Are you trying to swindle me out of my immortal soul or something?”

A tall skinny man wearing the same tattered robes swiftly walked over to Ferdinand and began his inspection, placing his hands and drawing energy from different points of his body.

“Hey! I’m watching you Pontus, hands where I can see them.”

“I’m sensing a strong will in this one, he must’ve somehow managed to fuse his conscious mind with his soul” Pontus reported to his master.

After surviving the invasion of his personal space, Ferdinand once more faced the white bearded, slightly obese, man.

“Anyway, Chuck, I can call you Chuck, right?”

“No, my name is…”

“So, Chuck, you just stand here for all eternity and greet souls in those dusty white robes? Why haven’t you automated this process yet? This seems highly inefficient,”

“This divine task was handed down by *God* *Himself*, the task is not to be taken lightly. It cannot be *delegated*.”

“Do you at least get any benefits doing this, then?”

“No, it is my task to stand here for all eternity, greeting—”

“Sounds a lot like Hell to me, Chuck. In fact, I think you two could use a break,”

The man who was not really Chuck pondered at this for a long time before finally responding.

“I suppose I deserve a break after all this time,”

Pontus walked up beside not Chuck and spoke in a hushed tone “Master, we’re not supposed to leave our posts… Well, ever!”

“Pontus. We’re going to take a break, we just need to make it look like we never left, He won’t even notice we’re gone!”

“That’s the spirit Chuck! I actually have some ideas on how we can do just that,”
*****
“What?” a newly lost soul staggered into the afterlife, “Where am I?”

She was immediately greeted by two wooden platforms firmly planted into the ground, they had crude springs attached to them, attached to the top of the springs were wooden vaguely cut humanoid shapes, the smiling cutouts turned side to side, waving at her slowly.**[WP] You are a dragon, but for the last few centuries you have been living undercover as a human for your own safety. You currently work for the Make a Wish foundation. It's all going smoothly, until one child wishes to see a dragon. Your coworkers panicking, but you have a tough choice to make...**
*****
Oamu inspected the colossal oil-painting that hung on the enormous wall of his private study. The painting depicted a gladiator that had his foot on the throat of his vanquished foe, his arm mid-swing with a gladius, the crowd in the stands roaring for the death of the defeated warrior.

A man dressed in a black suit and a white shirt suddenly appeared next to him, he perfectly balanced a small round tray with one crystal-glass half-filled with amber liquid, his left hand was covered by a black glove, his head had long dark-brown hair flowing backwards, “I don’t think I’ll ever understand your obsession with brutality, a drink, sir?”

Oamu glanced at his butler, Yandel, and picked up the drink before returning his gaze towards the art, “Ah, yes, a drink would be most welcome,”

After a moment of silence, Oamu continued, “It’s less an obsession, more a reminder, Yandel,”

“Sir?”

“To stay humble, that no matter how powerful I am, or how powerful I might become,” Oamu pointed at the painted human striking his coup de grâce, “their affinity for destruction rivals none, I’ve continually seen it first hand,”

Yandel gave a meager cough, “A healthy perspective to be sure, however, you might actually be able to—”

“Nonsense!” Oamu interrupted, waving his hand like he was trying to scatter a bad odor, “Besides, I’ve decided to aid their dying younglings, I find it strangely… cathartic.”

The light emanating from the low hanging crystal lamp flickered as Oamu recalled his meeting with Megan, Oamu turned to face his servant, “Speaking of destruction, I heard a name uttered today I didn’t think I’d ever hear again,” 

Yandel waited for Oamu to continue but was instead met with more contemplating silence, “And that name was?” he asked, slightly annoyed.

“Ah, apparently the little girl who’s wish I was granting on behalf of the foundation today, had shared words with a dragon by the name of *Zessel*,”

Yandel’s gray-clouded eyes widened, Oamu noticed that the gloved hand Yandel held behind his back was trembling lightly, “Zessel. *Your* Zessel? Are you certain you can trust the words of a human child?”

“It’s impossible to *know*, but the fact that she produced that name in particular, and that she didn’t seem at all bothered by my humanoid dragon-form, is cause for modest concern.” 

Oamu walked up close to Yandel, towering above him, “I need you to abandon your human-form, Yandel,” he said, eyes no longer human, instead they were serpent-like, surrounded by a storm of bright green and yellow clouds.

Yandel forced himself to stop trembling, “You’re releasing me from our previous agreement, then?”

“Yes, Yandel, if Zessel is here, I need you to find her for me, find out what she wants.” Oamu’s eyes flared with tightly controlled rage, “Remember who you serve and what would happen if you betrayed my trust.”

Yandel’s grin spread from ear to ear, “I won’t let you down,” he said in a low whisper that seemed to originate from nowhere in particular. To Oamu it appeared as if his servant vanished into thin air, gone without a trace, without a sound. 

Oamu sat down at his mahogany desk, flipped up the lid of his laptop, and started replying to the numerous emails hopeful parents had sent him, begging for the Make-a-Wish foundation to grant one last wish to their dying child.
*****
I've got a few ideas for these powerful beings parading as humans, hiding among them. Let me know if you'd like to see more, otherwise I'll see you in the next one.

Thank you for reading!**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
Dark thoughts twisted and churned within Frank, they’ve captured her, or worse! — “God help them if they killed her,” he thought. No, Frank shook his head, that’s not likely to be the case. If they killed her, then he would have no reason to re-engage with the aliens. They loved scheming too much for that to even be considered.

Frank jogged at a steady pace over the field towards the town, occasionally tumbling over because of the thick layer of snow, he cursed loudly into the night. The uncertainty and frustration he felt reminded him of the situation he found himself in not that long ago, walking away from that coffee-house, away from Sarah. Not being certain if she’d ever see him in the same way he saw her. 

Gloomy street lights fought a losing battle against the darkness in the distance, giant snowflakes flew around erratically in the strong wind, a storm was building up. 

He sneaked along the side of a dark wall of a red and white two-story house, no lights on inside, “What’s the plan, Frank?” he muttered to himself and peeked around the corner. There was a big shed on the far side of the sizeable yard, maybe he could steal a car? He ran crouched over the dark yard towards the shed, he heard cars driving close by, despite the whining of the wind. Frank slipped inside, closed the door, and quickly found a light-switch, the light illuminated the room, and to his delight there was a rustic orange Lada inside. 

Frank barely managed to open the unlocked door to the driver’s seat before a loud crash opened the door to the outside, snow chaotically flew in towards him, the sudden loud whining startling him.

“Frank, did you really think we’d let you slip away so easily?” a tall and slender man said in an annoyingly familiar rising and falling tone. It was Marcel, and he had two other aliens with him, one as tall as he, and the last one, a smaller chubbier alien that resembled a large sack of rice, only less charming. 

Frank carefully surveyed the interior of the shed for another exit, a weapon, but apart from the small hammers and wrenches, there was nothing, “Frank? I don’t know who you people are, why are you barging into my shed!?” his head throbbed in pain and he winced. 

“Frank let’s not drag this out, it’s over, you lost,” Marcel continued, aiming the stun-gun at him, “if you give up your powers to Magnus we’ll let your companion go, this can all be over, tonight!” 

To his surprise, Frank’s head didn’t ache at the proposal. A part of Frank wanted this to be over, he considered very briefly what sacrificing himself would entail, “A tempting offer, I must say,” Frank began as his body started pumping chemicals into his bloodstream, there would be no flight tonight, “but I’ll not let myself be killed by a bunch of conniving aliens!” 

Frank’s joints relaxed, and his head pulsated with pain as he gave into instinct, lightning flew towards him, he crouched under a bolt, then side-stepped another one as he slowly and methodically made his way towards his enemies. The aliens were growing visibly concerned by Frank’s advance, “Come on, come on, hit him!” 

Frank was now only a couple of meters from the aliens, he decided to try something new, “Cease fire!” he commanded.

The aliens reluctantly stopped attacking him, their firing arms trembling trying to disobey Frank’s command, “What have you—"

“Shut up, drop your weapons!”

Three soft thuds hit the concrete floor and Frank grinned, Marcel tried speaking but he could only muster a few whimpering noises, Frank pointed at Marcel, “You’re going to tell me where I can find Sarah,”

Marcel panicked and gave the wrong answer, “I don’t know—”, Frank slapped him across the face, the aliens were unable to move under Frank’s domination, “Wrong! You know exactly where she is, you bastard!”

Frank pointed at the chubby alien and the other tall alien, “Stop breathing,” he calmly directed. 

The chubby alien’s eyes darted around in panic as he tried drawing breath in vain, the tall one making strange muffled sounds. Frank looked back at Marcel and smiled, “I can force you, of course, but I’d rather hear you say it of your own volition,” 

“Frank you lunatic,” Marcel barked as his two compatriots fell to the ground, rolling around gasping for air, grasping at their throats, “Magnus has her now! Release your hold on them and I’ll tell you where he is!”

Frank nodded approvingly and snapped his fingers, “You may breathe,”, loud gasping and coughing ensued. 

“There’s a warehouse not far from here under our control, a headquarters of sorts, we store weapons, ships and the like there, that’s where you’ll find Sarah. Frank, you have no chance of defeating Magnus alone, he’s too powerful!”

The power he held over his adversaries was intoxicating, Frank felt in control for the first time in weeks, he paced the room for a few moments, considering his options. He finally stopped and grinned maniacally towards his subjects, “I’m not going up against him alone.”
*****


Thank you for reading!

 |
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |**[WP] No one believed you when you told them that your four year old got abducted by aliens on your way home from school. Today an alien shows up at your doorstep begging you to save them. Your nasty toddler has taken over the galaxy as its most vicious overlord and only you can make it stop.**
*****
Davis walked down the three steps of stairs present in Crocus large office, a wall-long white desk was littered with human-crafted laptops, the desk also had a few alien devices he did not recognize. Above it was two short, wide, rectangular windows, the light of day shining through. There was a teal leather sofa fit for three people and a teal chair in one corner, an alien standing-lamp next to it. Various books and papers lay in piles throughout his office, on the floors and on some smaller tables by the sofa. 

Even with the alien items here and there, it was all strangely familiar, human.

Crocus smiled at Davis taking in the scene, “You like it? I’ve, ah, acquired certain items from Earth over the years in my search for the ancient marker, I’ve fallen for your rather blunt architecture,” 

The two-headed alien walked up another set of three steps, leading to some sort of bartender nook, bottles upon bottles of strong alcohol lay stacked inside a chest-high shelf, glasses of varying sizes hung low from the roof above it, Crocus pulled out one of them half-way with a satisfying *click*.

A low hum emanated from underneath the floor of the bartender’s nook, an obsidian pillar rose up from the ground, on top of the pillar was the bracer. But it wasn’t like Davis had imagined, when he heard the word bracer, he had imagined a small piece of leather.

This, however, was more like a gauntlet with a bracer attached to it, “You call this a bracer? It’s as large as my arm!” Davis said in disbelief, walking closer. 

Crocus picked up the large ominous piece, one head inspecting it with reverence, “Beautiful isn’t it?”, the other head turning to Davis who stood next to the obsidian pillar, “Remember your purpose, Davis, don’t make me regret this, eh?” 

Silver and gray adorned the black gauntlet, plates stuck out at angles towards the razor-sharp fingertips, the plates surfaces reminded Davis of warrior beetle shells.

Crocus carefully handed Davis the gauntlet, “You hate me, you’ve made that clear, Davis,” he exhaled sharply, “but remember that I’m trying to set this right, I don’t know what’ll happen when you put this on,” 

The alien smiled wryly at Davis, “don’t start destroying everything, Davis, bring your daughter home!”

Davis took a moment, just turning the gauntlet in his hand, who were these ancients? Why does this item look like it was made for an, albeit larger, human? He looked at Crocus then back at the gauntlet, “I’ll bring her home, Crocus, and then you’re going to leave us alone, you hear?”

Crocus nodded his heads, “You’ll live the remainder of your life without disturbance, I swear it, now just put it on!” he said nervously.

Davis carefully slid on the gauntlet, but it soon became clear that it was way too large, “Crocus, this thing is like five sizes too large, and it doesn’t seem to do any—”

Black fire engulfed the gauntlet, the scalding shadows enveloping it completely, Davis tried to pull it off in desperation, it was shrinking!

“Get it off me, get it off!” Davis shouted.

Davis fell to the ground and rolled around screaming, trying anything to get it off. After what seemed like an eternity, the flames snuffed themselves out, smoke now billowing in its place, the gauntlet appeared grafted to Davis skin. Part of his limb.

Crocus walked up to him slowly, “I’m sorry, Davis, I didn’t want to interfere,”

Davis rose slowly from the ground, his lips trembling and his puffy red face a mess, he gazed at his new arm in a mix of horror and amazement, he stared at Crocus for an uncomfortable amount of time without saying anything.

“Do you,” Crocus carefully began, breaking the silence, “…do you feel different?”

“I…” Davis said, “I know how we can stop her,” 
*****
More? Thank you for reading!**[WP] A totalitarian government I.D's and installs tracking chips in it's citizens to better control them. Your chip malfunctions, and you become somewhat of an urban legend in your efforts to bring them down undetected and untraceable. They call you citizen #404.**
*****
“Can I get a hand here!?” A tall man in a black leather-jacket shouted as he burst through the doors to the rebel hideout. He was assisting a halting man bleeding heavily from the shoulder, “He’s been shot, clear the table!”

Men and women rebels swarmed them, trying to make themselves useful. A woman in a white blouse hastily cleared the nearby oak table; books, parchment and plates scattered across the floor. They hoisted Cederic upon the table, he bled over the side of the table, a small pool quickly emerging beneath.

Victor entered the room, “What’s going on, what happened?” he asked.

Cederic gritted his teeth, “Alcohol! Pour it on the wound,” he said with some difficulty, “you need to dig out the bullet, grab tweezers if you have them, bandages, clean cloth, now!” he commanded as he applied pressure to his wound with his free hand.

Victor ran up to his side, placing a hand on Cederic’s healthy shoulder, “I don’t see Nora anywhere,” he looked around the chaos of people running around, scattering to find the items Cederic asked for, “where is she?”

Cederic shook his head, “She,” he grunted in pain, “I’m sorry, Victor, she didn’t make it,”

Victor tightened his grip on Cederic’s shoulder, “You were only supposed to scout the communications tower, Cederic, tell me how the hell you managed to get attacked?” he gazed intently, not blinking once, waiting for a reasonable response.

The events flashed before Cederic’s eyes, he recalled fleeting moments of doubt before cold resolve had taken over. Nora had seemed nice enough, but what choice did he really have? No, what he had was the illusion of choice.

He had secretly gestured behind his back to a patrolling guard as he and Nora walked by, the guard had noticed and followed them at a distance. Nora and Cederic had pretended to only be walking by the structure with a large thin metal tower sticking out from the roof. Observing it from different angles.

They had turned into an alley-way, “Doesn’t look like it’s too heavily guarded,” Nora had remarked, “I think if we get enough explosives, we can bring it down, no problem!” she gave a shy smile.

Cederic smiled back, “Right! Let’s report back to—”

“Halt, citizens! What are you conspiring in the shadows?” the guard that had followed them interrupted, he looked at Cederic, a flicker of recognition passing over his face, he gave a short nod.

“Wait,” Nora had said, picking up on their strange interaction, she had turned to Cederic, “don’t tell me…” anger burned in her eyes, “you’re in his pocket!” 

Cederic felt surprisingly uneasy at first, but emotion drained from him all the same, “I’ve got nothing against you, Nora,” he had said, “but the rebellion must stop, we need to stop creating needless war, blood in the streets!”

“We must trust the system! We must trust Emilio!”

“Fuck you, Cederic, I thought you were one of the good guys,” Nora fumed.

The guard’s patience came to an end, “Enough! You are under arrest *Nora*,”

Nora had then fallen back on instinct, doing what many animals would do when cornered, she attacked. She rushed the guard and attempted to steal his weapon, Nora and Cederic had been unarmed for this mission. 

“Get off me!” the guard shouted as he wrestled Nora for control over his side-arm, a shot fired and hit Cederic in the shoulder, he groaned in pain and blood quickly began dripping down his shoulder.

Two more shots fired off into the dark alley before the guard finally got control over his weapon, he knocked Nora towards a wall and fired three shots in quick succession, two in the chest, one in the head.

The guard cursed, wiping his brow with his red and black uniform sleeve, “Damn these rebels,” he spat.

“Indeed,” Cederic stuttered, still in shock over his injury, he tossed his gray cap on Nora’s lifeless body.

“You didn’t need to kill her, you know,” Cederic said, not fully comfortable with the execution of a human being, he was a doctor, for God’s sake.

“Well?” Victor said impatiently, snapping him back to reality.

Damn it, does he suspect foul play? Cederic thought. He needed to mix in some truths with the lie, Victor would probably catch him otherwise, and then he’d most certainly be killed.

“It was,” Cederic began, “it was my fault, I’m the reason she’s dead!” he said.

Anger flashed in Victor’s eyes, “Go on,”

“A guard must’ve recognized me, we were followed,” Cederic continued, only omitting some details of the otherwise true story, “we were confronted!”

“The guard shot me, Nora fought valiantly but was shot and killed, and I… I ran! Like a coward,” Cederic explained full of emotion, his eyes watering.

“I’m not a fighter!” he shouted, “I’m a doctor, I *help* people, I don’t *murder* them!”

“You may be a doctor, but you’re expected to fight when the need arises, we’re trying to overthrow tyranny, here!” Victor snapped.

Cederic was saved by the rebels that finally came with clean cloth and a bottle of whiskey, interrupting their conversation, “We’ll talk after,” Victor said with finality, before he left the room.
*****
Thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] No one believed you when you told them that your four year old got abducted by aliens on your way home from school. Today an alien shows up at your doorstep begging you to save them. Your nasty toddler has taken over the galaxy as its most vicious overlord and only you can make it stop.**
*****
Davis opened his eyes and groaned in pain at the bright white light, a humanoid figure with two heads appeared in his vision, although all features indistinct, almost appearing entirely black in contrast to the light. Thinking this was another nightmare highlight-reel, he took a swing at it.

Davis thought he could hear swearing, before the sound turned recognizable once more, “Are you trying to gouge my eyes out, you psychopath?”

“Crocus?” Davis croaked, his mouth completely dry, “Why are you hovering above me like that, don’t you realize I might accidentally kill you, out of practiced hatred?”

Crocus frowned with one head and snorted with the other, “If your kind would stop defaulting to violence every chance you get, and instead asked questions first, you might’ve learned that I was trying to keep you alive!”

Davis grabbed the water-flask Crocus was holding, and then the small square ration, he drank, chewed, and coughed violently, “I dislike you, Crocus, a lot actually,” he said with a mouthful of the tough food, “but this alcohol was pretty good,” he pointed the water-flask at Crocus, “stop pretending you care about me and continue your story, you said something about power, earlier?”

Crocus appeared annoyed for a few seconds before resigning with two deep sighs, “Yes, an item of great power,"

“When I abducted Summer, I took her to—" 

David exhaled sharply, “That’s right, you never told me *why* you ruined my life, was it worth it?”

Crocus looked at David like he had said the most ridiculous thing, “Taking your daughter was the single most catastrophic event that has occurred in a very long time, Davis,” he shook both heads, “no, it was not worth it, pay attention!”

“I took her to a research-facility on a nearby water-planet called Hazek, to be further studied,”

Heat traveled up Davis spine, radiating out towards his shoulders, settling in his neck. He had a strong urge to choke Crocus again, “Like a lab rat?”

Crocus picked up on the malevolent energy and tried to defuse the situation, “Well, in a way— look, like I said it was for a good reason!”

“See, I’ve been scanning for a very specific genetic marker, a variation, mutation!”

Crocus started slowly walking along the wall of the small ship-room, gesturing wildly with his arms, “I almost lost faith, but I found it! Summer had the ancient marker,”

Davis calmed down slightly, but he couldn’t see how the pieces fit together as whole, the story was kind of a stretch, “Alright… a mutation, you found it in my daughter, and then you took her— how exactly does that end in her ruling the galaxy?”

“There are items scattered, buried, hidden on planets all over this galaxy, Davis, left by an ancient race!”

His eyes scintillated in the overly-bright light, “And we’ve found some of them! Brought them to a vault, heavily guarded by the Star’s Collective, only…”

“What?”

“They only hinted at the power buried within, actually, they didn’t do much of anything at all,”

Crocus pointed two fingers at Davis, “So! The Star’s Collective decided to send out agents to different parts of The Milky Way, in a search for a way to unlock their power,” he puffed himself up, “I theorized they might be unlocked, should somebody with a similar marker to the ancients hold one of these items,”

“Well, it worked, Davis,” Crocus half-complained, half-boasted. 

Crocus heads nodded to each other, “I took the most harmless looking item out from the vault, with the SC’s blessing, turns out it was a little more powerful than we initially theorized—”

David was intrigued, leaning forward from his seated position, “What was the item?”

“A tiny necklace, can you believe it?” 

“Turns out she absorbed the accumulated knowledge of the ancients, while retaining her stubborn human-side,”

Fear now flashed in Crocus all four eyes, “A purple vortex appeared above the large green stone embedded in the necklace, she wielded power, Davis,” he paused, “…power no being, let alone child, should wield,”

Davis massaged his temples, it was a lot to take in, “Fine,” he finally said, “but if she’s as powerful as you hint at, how am I supposed to succeed, where an entire *galaxy* failed?”

Crocus looked Davis in the eyes with one head, the other peered into the distance, eyes unfocused, “Like I said, she retained her stubborn human-side, you’re her father!” 

“Besides, Davis, if you can’t stop her with words, we might be able to stop her in another way,”

“Another way?”

“Davis, you were too dangerous a subject, a child is… *was*, supposed to be more malleable, but you too bear the marker!”
*****
Let me know if you'd like this story to continue, otherwise I'll see you in the next one. Thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] A totalitarian government I.D's and installs tracking chips in it's citizens to better control them. Your chip malfunctions, and you become somewhat of an urban legend in your efforts to bring them down undetected and untraceable. They call you citizen #404.**
*****
The sun blazed a trail high in the sky as they continued walking at a brisk pace on the cobbled streets, Cederic had been assigned to a scouting mission with a female rebel, Nora. He had been equipped with a gray cap and sunglasses to avoid detection, the cap had a white print that said, “For Emilio’s Glory”, he wore it unironically.

“I can’t believe you’re wearing that ridiculous hat,” Nora whispered to him, “doesn’t it make you feel dirty?”

Cederic felt a twinge of anger, but he suppressed it, “Indeed, to heighten the status of such a—" he had difficulties uttering the insult, “*disgusting* man!”

The tall colorful houses soon gave way to a large open space, people swarmed the small pop-up stores that sold everything from moldy bread to meat of questionable origin, probably rat-meat, Cederic thought. They casually weaved into the crowd, a cacophony of shouting vendors and mumbling citizens filled the air, “Bread here, get your bread here! Finest bread this side of Osapolis!”

They continued to walk in silence for a few moments before Cederic observed an osseous man first in line attempting to make a purchase from a meat-vendor, “Face me, yes, just like that,” the unkempt store owner ordered, he started scanning him with a small device, weak blue lines went up and down the hopeful customers face rapidly three or four times, “Cooper Baxter identified… Mediocre citizen! Loyalty Points insufficient for this purchase!”

Cooper was visibly heartbroken, “No, no! My family will die without something to eat, please!”

The store-owner looked down at the man in disgust, “Step away from my store, you tramp! Go serve the state or go to hell!”

But Cooper’s despair was sincere, and he had been denied purchase all day, unable to heighten his LP-score, he grabbed the store-owners arm, “Please, I’ll do anything!”

Cooper was knocked back by the store-owner, “That’s *minus* 500 LP, Cooper Baxter, I’m reporting you!” he quickly filed his complaint on another tiny device, it was acknowledged almost immediately.

A speaker announced vociferously, “Cooper Baxter has been identified as a disloyal citizen! Anyone associating with him will have their scores reduced, Emilio have mercy on your soul!”, it was a death sentence.

A large soldier in black and red shoved his way through the crowd, “Step away,” he grunted, the citizens quickly scattered away from his path. He grabbed Cooper by the scruff of his tattered shirt and dragged him through the streets, ignoring the man’s cry for mercy.

Nora looked at the scene with dismay, her eyes sharp and full of hatred, she drew closer to Cederic and whispered, “Why everyone doesn’t fight back against this tyranny, I’ll never understand, this has to stop!”

Well, Cederic thought, Cooper should’ve served Emilio better, only the continual neglect of his duties could’ve caused his score to dip so low, he must’ve been a truly terrible person for that to happen.

Cederic nodded, and spoke back in a low voice, “He’ll get what’s coming to him alright, come, our target’s only a little further!”
*****
Thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] You were born with an odd power that lets you know when somebody is lying. One day you're hanging out with your friend when you turn to look at him. "Why do you look at me like that? I'm not an alien", he says. He's lying.**
*****
### Frank & Sarah

Frank was disoriented, bleeding slightly from his head, but still conscious, “Are you OK, Sarah?” he tried getting her attention, but received no response. They were both hanging upside down, Frank began pressing his legs against the floor, now roof, of the car and tried to unbuckle himself. 

Sarah’s eyes jolted open, she studied her surroundings in confusion, “Frank? What happened?”

Frank managed to unbuckle and re-oriented himself, “We got rammed off the road, probably by one of our newly acquainted friends! Come on, use your legs, we need to get out of this car!”

Sarah saw five shadowy figures in the slightly bent side-view mirror, quickly approaching her side of the car, “Frank, there’s five of them!”

She knew that they’d stun or kill her the moment she crawled out of the car, but Frank might still make it if he ran like hell, into the tree-line which was not impossibly far away, “Frank, they’re going to get me, you need to escape. Forget about me!”

Frank had already crawled out on the other side of the car, looking back into the Impala, at Sarah who had just managed to unbuckle herself, “I’m not leaving you, Sarah!”

Sarah stared back at Frank, “Frank, I—", familiar bolts of lightning scattered across the car as the aliens opened fire, two or three hit Sarah, her body involuntarily yanking into various surfaces of the interior, knocking her out violently.

Frank searched his pockets for a weapon to return fire with, but ultimately found nothing. The state of his internal emotions were a concoction of fear, love, and pragmatism. Without a weapon he didn’t stand a chance. He couldn’t reliably fight against five armed aliens, presumably now also up to speed with his abilities. Abilities…

A pain he had felt many times before, albeit more intense, enveloped him; a burning sensation radiated throughout his skull. Beyond hearing the snow crunching beneath the aliens’ feet, he could *feel* their muscles contracting, he could sense where their eyes were looking. He might not be equipped to fight them, but he might escape enemy fire, similarly to when he was confronted in the interrogation room earlier.

Frank glanced one last time at Sarah with stark determination, “I’m coming back for you, Sarah,”

The snow was thick but did not overly impede his dash towards the tree-line, he managed to bob and weave out of enemy fire without looking back with alarming accuracy. He managed this by completely surrendering himself to his senses. It felt like somebody holding a fire-iron heated at the tip, hovering it inches from his skin, tracing lines across his body, this is where the lightning would hit. Evading out of these burning phantasm contours resulted in him not getting stunned, so he did not spend too much time questioning it.

Frank made it to the tree-line, immediately zigzagging between tall pines, hastily building distance between himself and his pursuers. The aliens didn’t chase him for long by foot, probably satisfied with getting a hostage, leverage. That, or they’re calling in reinforcements to surround the area. In any event, he would need to be extremely careful if he were to evade these blasted aliens, Frank thought.

This was just a tactical retreat he kept reminding himself, he would do anything to get Sarah back, and that was no lie.

### Chapter Epilogue

A tall slender man was holding up an old sturdy mobile device, Nokia, to his ear, “We captured his companion, but he slipped—”

“Yes, five—"

“Yes, we know how to shoot,”

“…”

“Right away, my Lord.” 

He beckoned to one of his associates, “Lord Magnus has arrived,” his voice rising and falling in an unnerving manner, “we need more bodies if we’re going to catch this Frank, call in all surrounding agents!”

The smaller, heftier, alien nodded succinctly, “And if he escapes, Marcel?”

Marcel serenely glanced at his cohort, before beholding the open trunk of his dark sedan, currently being loaded with Sarah’s unconscious body by the remaining aliens, “Then, we use *her*.”
*****
If you've followed the story this far, then you are a super star, thank you for reading! 

Remember, critique is always welcome!

 |
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |
 |
 |
 | 
 |**[WP] You wear magic dampening bands normally reserved for keeping criminals from casting spells. Why? Because your spells are ludicrously more powerful than average, and the bands limit you enough to not break everything.**
*****
Cordell deflected the immense fireball, a large section of forest exploded in the distance. Another boring attempt at his life, how utterly distasteful. He retook his prideful stance, next to the moonlit pond. 

He looked at his assassin with impassive eyes, “Impressive, I’m sure, what did Emiliano offer you?”, he quickly absorbed a lightning strike into his right-hand, blue-white arcane signs hovering in the air around his fingers.

The assassin paused, frustrated with his targets skill and arrogance, he pulled down his black-hood, “I suppose there’s no need to hide my identity, only one of us will leave this place. My name is Demarcus, and I’m going to kill you.”

Cordell chuckled while his fingers mechanically went through well-practiced signs, “He sent you to die, Demarcus,”, long red needles that faded towards black at the tip, pointed at Demarcus from every angle.

Without warning every needle shot out like bolts, towards the center where Demarcus stood. Impossibly, he managed to sense the magic and find a spot where he was only grazed by two of the needles. Demarcus answered by casting a fire spell, an illusion of a red dragon’s head appeared in the air between them and breathed fire at Cordell.

Cordell split the fire-breath in two with a swift air-strike, flames sputtered on the ground behind him, “You’re very good, I will concede that,” infinitesimal shadows permeated the ground as tiny flaming rocks hovered in the air above them.

The small flaming pellets shot out in random directions, homing in on Demarcus. Demarcus began running towards Cordell, his black robes fluttered in the air as he leapt over a few of the bullets, he desperately cast a quick spell.

A large earth-spike penetrated Cordell’s chest from behind, the pellets fell limp to the ground. Breathing with some difficulty, his now red-stained teeth grinned with excitement, “I’ve never seen anyone do that move before, you’ve got some quick movements to you, Demarcus!”

“I hate to do this to such a rising talent, but you leave me with little option,”, the spike snapped, his wounds began closing and a large white disk encompassing the entire forest materialized in the skies above them, turning night into day. Thick manacles fell out from within his dark-blue robes onto the grassy ground. The iron-cuffs twisted around on the ground by themselves for a few moments, finally free from their impossible task of containing this level of magic. 

Demarcus looked at Cordell in a mix of awe and terror as he slowly realized his opponent’s power had been almost entirely restrained by magic-shackles, “That’s… impossible! Not even the most powerful can cast anything more than a small puff of air with those constraints on!”

“You should take this moment to reflect, and feel some small semblance of gratitude, few have seen, or will ever see what you are about to, in your final moments,” Cordell and Demarcus along with tufts of dirt, rocks and trees began rising, slowly, towards the white disk in the sky. An intense hot white-glow engulfed everything beneath the disk in a flash.

After summoning a new pair of magic-shackles, and re-applying them to himself, Cordell walked out of the vast crater that had, up to a few minutes ago, been known as Meliworth Grove.
*****
I wrote this yesterday with the purpose of practicing fighting scenes, if you find it hard to follow what's happening, or if it's very dull, I would love to know. Thank you for reading!**[WP] You've been targeted by an assassin who keeps very strict work hours. If you make it through the work day, they'll try again tomorrow. Its been six months and your relationship with the assassin is starting to get...serious.**
*****

Steve knocked open the large glass doors and rocketed out into the busy streets, “Screw you, Steve!” an angry woman shouted, he jumped over a leg meant to trip him over. He broke into another alley, knocking over a homeless man, but not stopping to apologize. A very long finger was pointed at Steve’s back as he continued his sprint.

Steve deserved the scorn of the people, he knew. For Steve had once been an aristocrat, a well-spoken, well-respected rising star, CEO of a successful (now long-since bankrupt) delivery company, Mercury. He was often invited to the various balls and masquerade parties that the nobles of Gixhull regularly held. 

It may be seen as quaint, perhaps, but the Phenikha Empire, where Gixhull was the capital, was actually a Monarchy. The ruler, King Leopold, had a son— Prince Ethan, and he was supposed to extend his hand in marriage to the global phenomenon, Princess Lydia Clarkin, coming from Checoniel, half a world over. Everyone in the world loved the Princess, and everyone in Phenikha prayed, cheered, and hoped that Ethan would win Lydia’s heart on that fateful night. No one could’ve predicted the proverbial stick in the wheel, Steve.

Steve bowed deeply before kissing Princess Lydia’s extended hand, “You are even more dazzling in person than I dared to hope, Princess.” He wore an immaculate black suit, striped black and gray trousers, an ebony shirt, and a black bow-tie.

Lydia blushed and smiled, like only she could, “You are too kind!” she paused, “well? Are you going to ask me to dance?”, and so he did. Maybe it was the champagne, or Steve’s affinity for danger, but as Steve danced he decided, very poorly, that Ethan was no good for her, that the boring fart should marry someone less interesting. The night quickly unraveled to what would later be known as, *the incident*.

Hot led rapidly cracking the concrete near his feet jolted Steve back to the present, a low unrelenting hum vibrated beneath the people cheering. Train. He slid across a car, sprinting towards the overpass. A backwards glance confirmed that Jessica was about twenty meters behind him, he flipped over the railing and landed clumsily on the roof of the speeding train, grabbing onto a closed hatch-handle. He could see that Jessica, and a few bystanders, frustratingly slammed their fists against the railing, they quickly turned into dots on the horizon.

Steve still had connections related to his previous business, Mercury, which allowed him some insight into how to acquire certain… items. Contraband, such as Thenem Cigars, Slacogon Fairy Dust, and a drink that would make the afflicted see imps doing mischievous things, called Lilith. Granted, he wasn’t making the same kind of cash selling these as he had before as CEO of Mercury, but it was still extremely lucrative.

Jessica somehow caught up with Steve multiple times during the next few hours, bullets, knives, and a flamethrower incident *almost* got him killed on many of these occasions, but each time Steve managed to nearly evade death by utilizing his swift movements and impeccable gut instincts. 

Steve’s watch beeped as he slammed into the side of the large marble stair-case, outside *le Mirage*. A sword cut the strap of his black duffle-bag but stopped before doing any real damage, the bag fell to the ground. 

Steve panted, “Just, just in time, Jessica!” he zipped open the bag he had failed to deliver earlier, he pulled out a slightly wrinkled black suit, a scruffy-looking pair of striped black and gray trousers, an ebony shirt and a crumpled black bow-tie.

“You… carried the attire you were going to use during our dinner, all this time?” Jessica could scarcely believe it, “you’re a cocky bastard, you know that right, Steve?”

“Jessica,” Steve began, still out of breath, “you were not supposed to find me so quickly. It’s true that I knew I would make it, I always make it, you know that better than anyone,” 

“The first delivery of the day was personal, I was going to leave it stashed nearby for our dinner, grab a few Thenem Cigars from a guy I know, and be on my merry way, but you hounded me all day!” he chuckled as he nonchalantly swapped clothes in the streets, out of his sweat-soaked runner’s outfit.

Steve grinned widely and extended his hand towards Jessica, who wore her trademark black leather jacket, “Shall we?”
*******[WP] In the middle of a shooting, a woman says “sorry but...” and taps your forehead. You black out and wake up in the apocalypse. After 8 years, you finally die only to wake back up with the woman saying “ I really need a fighter”.**
*****
A chance encounter changed Jack’s life forever, he had gone down to the store for soba-noodles but had left, instead, with unquenchable blood-lust.

A woman stood in the aisle, staring at him, wearing a white dress embroidered in gold. Had she escaped from a wedding, perhaps? She approached him.

A sadness glinted in her eyes, and she spoke, “I’m sorry, but…”, the sound of yelling and gunfire filled the store, Jack flinched, fear filled his eyes. He didn’t see who was shooting, but the sound was unmistakable, they had automatic rifles.

While Jack was distracted, the woman had closed the small gap between them, she touched his forehead with her index finger, the smell of lavender filled his nostrils.

Jack gasped and found himself somewhere else entirely. A dark starless sky loomed above him, cold wind blew past him, the nearby lifeless trees offering no shelter. He tried shouting for help, but no one answered. He grabbed his torso tightly and started walking down the hill.

It was not long before he saw a campfire surrounded by more of the feeble trees, he approached, hopeful. Two men rubbed their hands above the flame, trying to warm themselves, “Hello there!” Jack shouted as he walked closer, still trying to protect himself against the cold.

Jack was taken back by the determined looks of the two strangers, their intent immediately clear, “Wait, no, sorry, I’ll just—” he blurted before the two men charged him. They equipped themselves with two sharp knives, trying to stab and slash at him wildly.

Jack was forced to fall back on his Krav Maga training, two rules echoing in his mind; one, *Act correctly*. Two men with knives and escape no longer possible. Two; *Avoid injury at all costs*. He considered his current environment, the men who didn’t hesitate to attack him, and for all he knew, this was hell. One option remained, lethal force.

He used his hands to knock a close thrust off-balance and threw his knee with all his might against the man’s groin. The man stumbled onto his knees in pain, dropping his knife. The other man slashed Jack in the shoulder before his follow-up thrust was diverted into the side of his partners neck. Jack punched the standing assailant’s throat, before repeatedly beating his face into the dirt.

That was day one.

Two-thousand, nine-hundred and twenty-two days later he finally met his end fighting a were-beast that attacked him in his sleep, using only his bare-hands and teeth. They both died of their injuries.

The nostalgic sound of led exiting the barrels of assault rifles jolted him back to reality, the woman in the white dress— he had almost forgotten.

The sadness in her eyes was replaced with a steely, almost malicious, gaze, “I really need a fighter.”, the words were posed as if in another language, conversation had not really been a priority for the last eight years.

“The apocalypse is coming, Jack, you’ve now witnessed it first-hand. Get me out of this store alive and I will show you how we might prevent it.”

Jack was no longer the same person who walked into that store, there was no longer fear, only hunger. No longer pain, only violence. Although his clothes were now perfectly clean, he felt the scars, the grime, it was all over him. The woman produced a Colt and placed it in his hands, “I trust you know how to use that by now, *Jack*.”

Jack grunted in response, cocked the gun, and walked towards the fire-fight with singular intent.
*****
Thank you for reading!**[WP] When you were young, you found an egg and decided to see what would hatch out. Since then you've raised generations of the same phoenix, selling their dropped feathers, loose ash, and sometimes their tears to mages. Your current phoenix is long overdue for a molting and rebirth.**
*****
The man sat down across from him, his sharp eyes were fixated on Kingston’s, appearing like a hawk that had marked its prey.  

“I hear you deal in items of extraordinary value, Kingston Griesenbeck.”

Kingston swallowed hard under not only the harsh scrutiny of his gaze, but also of the knowledge of who the person was that had so nonchalantly joined him during his dinner at The Crystal Dream.

“Archmage Vaughn, I didn’t expect,” Kingston fumbled, almost stammering by the initial shock of the encounter, “how can I be of service?”

“Is it true what they say, that you,” he leaned closer, making no apology for the hole his eyes bore into Kingston’s soul, “have a Nalraeth Phoenix in your possession?”

Kingston nodded, “The only tame one in the known world, Vaughn, sir.”

Vaughn rapped his knuckles on the table, “Excellent, Kingston, I’ll take it.”

Kingston’s stomach dropped like rocks in a dark pond, “I’m sorry, she’s not for sale. Not even for someone as esteemed as yourself,” his voice entering a whisper, “she’s responsible for half my business, tell you the truth!”

The fish in front of Kingston suddenly caught fire, quickly shrinking into a black lump in the middle of his plate, the stench almost made Kingston gag, “You will be handsomely compensated,” Vaughn spoke like nothing had happened, “and I will of course be in your debt. Some would kill for this opportunity, some have.”

Kingston thought of the ways he could refuse, but came up short. The truth was that while the Phoenix did account for half of his business, it also meant more to him than that. The bond between a human and dog is often touted as the pinnacle of relationships between man and beast, but its nothing compared what he shared with his Phoenix.  

Their minds were linked in a way that some would call unnatural, and perhaps it was. He had known Yeza for almost two decades, keeping her his secret for most of that time. His business surrounding her feathers, ashes, talons and so on was a fairly recent one, and nothing he could take as he pleased, it was given.

Kingston spoke after a long silence with surprising authority, staring down the rude man who could kill him with a thought, “*She is* *not* *for sale,*” Kingston rose, towering above the ashes of his ruined meal, “there is no price you or anyone could give that I would accept. If you give me an order I can get from the Phoenix, I will oblige. But you will never own her!”

Kingston threw down the napkin he still held in his hand over the crimson cushioned chair and walked away, silently hoping lightning would not strike him dead. To his great relief nothing happened, and he left the establishment without incident. He looked at his hands and noted that they were trembling. He had to get out of there, quickly.

Vaughn got up slowly, like he had aged five years during the interaction. Nobody had ever refused him, they had never dared. And despite what was said, he wasn’t worried, because he knew that in truth, nobody could.  

“I’ll see you soon, Griesenbeck.”
*****
Thank you for reading!**[WP] A totalitarian government I.D's and installs tracking chips in it's citizens to better control them. Your chip malfunctions, and you become somewhat of an urban legend in your efforts to bring them down undetected and untraceable. They call you citizen #404.**
*****
Later that evening, Victor stepped into the meager room where Cederic sat on his futon mattress, sipping on soup, his shoulder was covered in torn pieces of cloth, “How are you feeling?” Victor asked.

Cederic looked up at Victor, “Well, I’m not at danger of suddenly dying anymore, at least, but I wouldn’t say I’m great, after all that has happened.” 

Victor seemed to find something amusing, chuckling to himself, “I wouldn’t say anyone here’s past suddenly dying, least of all you.”

“I— What?” Cederic nervously coughed, taking another sip of the hot brew.

“Your first *scouting* mission, and one of our most senior and adamant members ends up dead, and you somehow miraculously survive, I don’t buy it.” 

Cederic tried to quickly find the words to explain the situation, “You know better than anyone that these are dangerous times. We’re all marionettes helplessly drooping on breaking wires, controlled by the Gods of chance,” he put the soup down on the ground and stood up, “chance can decide your fate at a whim, whether you’re a veteran or not!”

Victor stood in silence, a dark energy painted his backdrop, “I also checked up on what has happened to your poor wife, Lexie,” he finally said, “she’s still under house arrest, the Emilio I know would have made her into an example by now,”

Cederic knew that she *would* be made into an example, if he didn’t deliver on his promise to catch citizen 404, but that she would be unharmed until word of his failure, or success, reached Emilio’s ear. He decided to get angry, “You sound almost disappointed when you tell me my wife is still unharmed, you piece of shit!”

“You know that’s not what I meant, Cederic, all I’m saying it’s a little convenient that the damned *wife* of a man who’s been found aiding the rebellion is left completely unscathed!” 

“*Convenient*? Nothing about this situation is *convenient*, the fact that she’s still alive fills me with hope of one day seeing her again, to fight on!”

Cederic used his half-genuine rage to pry for more information, “And you? The illustrious citizen 404, the legend himself, the spark of the rebellion! You’re telling me that *you* cannot conjure a plan to rescue a woman from the clutches of those wild dogs?!”

“It is said that you once escaped a room filled with Emilio’s secret police, with your hands tied to your back, and *you* cannot find a way to save her?” Cederic continued.

“Psh!” Victor spat, “It’s true I’ve been in some hairy situations before, but most things you hear are fable, fiction spread by those who need a hero, someone to look up to!”

Cederic was about to continue his vehement sermon, but he was interrupted by Victor.

“Enough!” Victor said, pointing at him aggressively, “You’re to remain at this hideout until I decide that you can be trusted,” he walked to the door and glanced over his shoulder toward Cederic with contempt, “You will aid the wounded, keep your mouth shut and stay out of trouble!”

After Victor slammed the door and the heavy footsteps from the corridor faded into the distance, Cederic couldn’t help but smile to himself in the gloomy light, “Got you,” he thought.
*****
Thank you for reading!**[WP] Everyone initially appears as a shadowy, indistinct figure. The more you get to know someone, the clearer they appear. You've known your spouse for years, yet no matter how much the two of you share, there's a part of them you still can't make out.**
*****
Alyson walked among the crowds in the streets, a shadowy mass of people she didn’t recognize, all hurrying off to be somewhere else. There were voices, but like the hints of people that made them, they were indistinct, far off, foreign. Layers of dust blew all around her, forming a thick fog which obscured her vision significantly.

She made her way through the town square and stepped into the courtyard of an apartment-complex, inside she could see the familiar stacked containers, she walked up the metal-stairs on the side of an orange container house, she stepped off to a platform on the third level and stood before a large metal door. A twist of the rustic key opened the door silently inwards.

“Honey, you’re late again!” a familiar voice cried out loudly from the kitchen area.

Alyson hurriedly closed the door and took off her blue scarf and grimy goggles, “I know, I’m sorry,” she said while dusting off her green coat.

Her spouse, Nikhil, had began making some food, peeling some onions, “Well, did you find any trace of her?” he asked.

“None, only the usual blob of shadows,” Alyson complained.

Nikhil wasn’t indistinct like the others, they’ve been together for years now, sharing the details of their lives had cast away the darkness, save for one spot at the back of his neck, she had never been able to ask him the right question. In contrast, he could see her clear as day. This fact annoyed her, but she was hopeful of one day uncovering his last secret.

Nikhil turned around from the kitchen-bench he was working at and looked at her with a hopeful expression, “Don’t worry, we’ll find her, she should still be around these parts, here,” he gestured towards six potatoes, “you can help me with these,” 

While eating dinner at their wooden rectangle-shaped table, Alyson asked another set of questions aimed at completing the puzzle that was Nikhil, “What ever happened to your father? Did you ever get to know him, or did he remain partially shrouded, like my mother?”

Nikhil chuckled, “Come now, you already know that, yes! I never knew him completely, you’re the first person I’ve ever known,” he answered.

“It’s not fair that you know me completely and yet I’m left wondering!” Alyson pouted.

She was stumped, but not deterred, “I’m going to figure you out one of these days, Nikhil, don’t you worry.”

Nikhil smiled, “I don’t doubt it.”

They finished eating, Nikhil picked up the plates and carried them towards the kitchen, that’s when Alyson spotted something, the shadowy patch on the back of Nikhil’s neck had grown, shadowy tendrils had clawed itself upwards, obscuring the back of his head now as well. 

“N-Nikhil!” she pointed, “It has grown!”

He turned back around and looked at her in confusion, unnerved by her serious tone of voice, “What has?”
*****
Thank you for reading!**[WP] No one believed you when you told them that your four year old got abducted by aliens on your way home from school. Today an alien shows up at your doorstep begging you to save them. Your nasty toddler has taken over the galaxy as its most vicious overlord and only you can make it stop.**
*****
The triangular-shaped sand colored spacecraft lowered its right-side ramp to meet the soil, Davis gazed with awe around himself, he wasn’t sure what he was expecting from Rodulus III, but it certainly wasn’t this.

Crocus slapped Davis on the back, “Welcome, Davis, to the city of Ocredo!” 

The sky was azure with a single star peeking through the ebony clouds, Davis also counted three moons. At least it wasn’t too different from what he was used to.

Two dark sphere-shaped space-ships flew past them overhead at high speeds, flying towards the snow-covered mountain in the distance. It was like any mountain he’d seen on Earth, aside from the giant unbroken stream of crimson light that shot out into space from its peak.

Davis swallowed hard, “What,” he said while trying to follow the red light with his eyes, it seemed to go on forever, “is that?”

Crocus tried to align his sight with Davis, “Hm? Ah, the beam of light,” he motioned for Davis to start walking towards the city, “it’s this regions energy exhaust, I won’t bore you with the details, but suffice to say that we generate an abundance of power and need to vent it somewhere,” 

They walked while chatting for a few hundred meters, walking on the white road. The road resembled thick layers of crystallized web, but it was completely solid. Crocus explained that the roads were created by an elaborate process using synthetic materials, a plantation device and the infusion of energy. 

There were only a few aliens that passed by on the road to their destination, all of them appeared to be the same species as Crocus, some nodded and greeted them, others just walked by. Sleek structures in mostly white and black enveloped them as they walked further into the city, ships continually flying overhead.

Davis and Crocus soon came upon a large structure, blue lights were dotted throughout black stripes, otherwise it was completely gray, it had a huge circular-structure hovering above it, not unlike a halo.

Davis was a little overwhelmed by all the new impressions this planet was leaving him, he felt drained, “This is where we’ll find Summer, then?” 

One of Crocus faces froze, as if he’d been a deer caught in headlights, the other head chuckled nervously, “She’s not… exactly,” he coughed dryly, “here.”

Davis quickly re-summoned his ire towards Crocus, “What do you mean she’s not here?”

“Not, ah, on this planet,” he began, “or even close to this system,”

Davis clasped one of his hands around the closest of Crocus necks, “I seem to recall that being the whole point of me accompanying you here!” he yelled.

Crocus forcefully knocked away Davis offending arm, “Calm yourself, we need to secure the contingency plan, first!”

“Contingency?!” Davis fumed.

“Don’t take this the wrong way, Davis, but you don’t seem particularly inclined towards solving your problems with words. If we don’t account for everything right away, Summer will likely kill us both.”

“I’ll not die to poor planning!” Crocus continued, “Now stop being so temperamental and follow me,”

“Where are you taking me?”

Crocus gave Davis two wide grins, “There’s a bracer hidden in my office here that I’d like you to try on!”
*****
More? Thank you for reading!

Feedback / critique is always welcome.

 |**[WP] You hear background music which changes according to the situation you're in. This time when arriving home, instead of the relaxing and joyous music, it is completely silent.**
*****
A huge man dropped Eugene on Arthur’s white bed sofa and nodded to the sitting stranger, he closed the outer door and placed himself near it, in the hallway, not uttering a word.

Arthur glimpsed at the two intruders, “What is this? What have you done to Eugene?”

Arthur was not particularly well-built, he was in fact rather skinny, he might have a shot against the seated stranger, but when he considered the larger one he quickly stopped this line of thought.

The stranger removed his black-rimmed glasses and took a piece of white cloth out of his front pocket, “Your friend is fine, for now,” he explained while he cleaned the lenses, sparing a glance at the prone man. He leaned towards Arthur, “Quiet, isn’t it?” he gave a wry smile.

Arthur hadn’t shared his musical secret with anyone, he couldn’t imagine a stranger knowing about it, “It was, until you invited yourselves into my home. What do you want? How do you know my name?” 

The seated man stood with some difficulty, “We’ve been following you for some time, Arthur, we have observed your… *abilities*, as we have observed so many others over the years,” 

“I believe we can help each other, you and I,” he continued, “you must’ve noticed, by now, that you are able to anticipate… to know things, based on the notes playing inside that head of yours,”

“The same way you noticed something was wrong before even entering your own home!”

Arthur was getting unnerved by the stranger who was now circling him, dissecting him with his eyes, “Why would I help you?”

The stranger nodded to his large servant and the music returned to Arthur like a tidal wave, crashing against his senses. The music was raucous, a solemn female vocalist trying her best to be heard over the jagged melody, a loud organ peppering it with urgency. Arthur instinctively tried to block out the sound, pressing his hands to his ears, but he knew it was no use, the music played from within.

“Ok, I get it! Stop!”

“I don’t suppose I really have a choice in the matter,” Arthur complained, a piano took over the foreboding tune and started carefully plucking at notes, a low brass could be heard beneath it all, “How can we help each other…?”

“You may call me Zaal, and there is something that I seek. You, Arthur, will help me find it. As for what’s in it for you? I can make sure the music stops. Permanently.”

Zaal stepped away from Arthur, who was too stunned to respond, and walked towards his servant, “I suggest you help *Eugene* remember what really happened here today, he’s going to feel awfully groggy when he wakes up,”

He gave a knowing nod to Arthur, “You had a bit too much to drink last evening, and based on your, how should I put this, ah, enlightened conversations… you decided to quit your job. I’ll be in touch,” Zaal smiled.

The mysterious intruder stopped at the door, his servant opening it for him, “It’s time to face the music, Arthur, one last time!”
*******[WP] You hear background music which changes according to the situation you're in. This time when arriving home, instead of the relaxing and joyous music, it is completely silent.**
*****

Arthur heard a faint somber tune while working at his desk, notes plucked on wistful strings, the sound was faint but distinct. He got up and searched for its origin, stopping just outside Eugene’s cubicle where it was almost unbearably loud, “Hey, Eugene?”, the tune quickly scrambled, and a few harmonious notes played.

The big-boned man quickly put a picture frame down on his desk and swiftly wiped the corners of his eyes, spinning in his office-chair to face him, “Arthur?”

The somber tune quickly mixed with a happier melody, but was still underpinned by a subtle melancholy, “We haven’t hung out in a while, Eugene,” Arthur paused, “Why don’t you come over to my place, have a couple of beers with me? We should catch up.”

Eugene appeared a little shocked by the sudden proposal, they hadn’t really talked for the past few weeks, he smiled, “I’d like that, Arthur. I’d like that very much,”

“I’ll come by your desk after I’m done here! Give me thirty minutes,”

Arthur smiled back, “Sounds good,” he noted that the sad tune was no longer the main part of the melody.

After roughly thirty minutes, Eugene came by his desk, and after some small talk they commuted by bus back to Arthur’s place. Arthur lived in a small house by himself on the outskirts of the city, it wasn’t much, but it was his own. A wooden house painted red with white window frames, and a black-tiled roof.

They had begun catching up during the forty-minute bus route, talking all the way past the small path that led up to Arthur’s door, but now Arthur fell silent on the steps of his home, it was quiet.

“What’s wrong, Arthur?” Eugene asked, slightly concerned by the serious look on Arthur’s face.

“It’s… quiet.”

“Yeah? This far from the city-center, I’m not surprised. Hurry up and open the door already, it’s freezing out here!” white mists forming at Eugene’s short ragged breaths.

He didn’t understand the significance, of course, how could he? But Arthur knew that it was *never* quiet. He didn’t remember one single day of reprieve. The music never stopped, unrelenting tunes always playing to the soundtrack that was his life. Something was wrong, and he wasn’t quite sure on how to proceed.

“Eugene, I’m sorry, I need you to stay here for a moment while I check something,”

“What the hell, Arthur?”

Arthur turned the key and stepped into his house, nothing appeared to be out of place. Maybe just a fluke? He froze after entering his living room, noting the semblance of a figure sitting in his favorite reading chair with his peripheral vision. The darkness of the room partially obscured the stranger.

“You must be Arthur,” the man grinned as muffled screams could be heard from the outside.
*******[WP] After you die, your soul is in the void, without being able to see, hear, smell, think or feel but whenever somebody mentions your name, you get to witness what people say about you. After hundreds of years of not being mentioned, the world starts inexplicably talking about you.**
*****
*Darkness retreats once more, and for a brief moment in time, my soul is reborn. Memories flood back into me, slowly… bit by bit I begin to recall. Unfortunately, I soon come to realize the sad truth… I am dead. My soul has been locked inside this void ever since my departure from life, lying dormant, waiting. Waiting for someone to say my name…*

*“Adam,” the female voice echoed into eternity, a blue orb pops into existence and illuminates the pitch black that covers me like a blanket, threatening to suffocate me. I know her voice… Why can’t I remember?*

*“I know you can’t hear me,” the voice is faint, emanating from the glimmering blue orb. It is presently zipping around space, like a fly without purpose, trapped in a small room.*

*“Just know… grateful… what you’ve done,” the voice cuts off and light flashes, a green orb links to the blue orb and they begin to orbit one another.*

*“Today… her fifth birthday… all thanks…” more lights of varying color flash into the void, overwhelming the darkness. Dozens of orbs are now connected in a dizzying array of color. “Selfless… noble…” The orbs have now stopped orbiting and are instead vibrating like the leaves of a tree, dancing in the wind. A flood of voices...*

*“Remember… you…” a voice said “Love… carry on without…” another “Hero…” and another “Salute… bravery…” one more said. I think I am starting to remember… the orbs are now so numerous that it’s impossible to count. The light is blinding.*

*Yes… that voice. Her. She was on the plane… Blonde? She was wearing a red sweater; blue jeans and she was… screaming? Why was she screaming? Gun? A man stood with a gun in the corridor, why was he yelling? We were close by… I threw myself on him… gun shots. Blood. Is he dead? Darkness.*

*Already the shadows hound me, beginning to swallow me anew. Memories starting to fog… Light, fading... I return to my eternal slumber without… regrets….***[WP] As a Master Summoner, you can summon any number of horrific creatures that would shake the very foundation of this world to its core. But even you need to pay your bills. You find yourself working a 9 to 5 job summoning adorable critters for others to hang out with.**
*****
Pernicious dark-red light twisted the air around them, quick gestures moved in well-practiced patterns as the billowing cloud focused densely in front of the miniature crowd. Leorich snapped his fingers and the dense cloud blazed away to the astonishment of the on-lookers.

“Cool!” 
“What is it?!” 
“Can I have one too?” 
they jumped and shouted excitedly.

“Ta-da!” Leorich waved casually as he began explaining the delicate properties of this tiny red dragon to the birthday boy. “Now, now. It may look adorable with its big round black eyes, but it will double in size in just six months! Before you know it, it’ll start hunting your neighbors.”

“Awesome! That would sure show Jeff.” the little knight exclaimed.

“Who is Je—” before Leorich could finish his sentence the abominable child reined his two-wheeler and sniped the little knight with a super-soaker.

“Eat dirt loser, ha-ha!” was all the imp uttered before he made his dastardly escape.

The little knight’s trusty paper armor started to sag, quiet sobs could be heard from behind the hero’s mask.

Red lightning crackled across the sky as the clouds spiraled and vortexed into a colossal shadowy-monstrosity. Fire once more blazed and burned away the dark cloud into a creature the size of the entire block.

“This, kids, is a red dragon all grown up!” Leorich strained against the massive toll the spell was taking on his body.

The gargantuan winged serpent roared and started sweeping towards the increasingly terrified imp who was pleading for mercy to anyone who could hear him. But there would be no mercy, not yet.

Just as the beast was about to level the entire neighborhood and crush the hysterical imp, Leorich twisted his arms in ancient gestures, and the creature vanished into a large demonic summoning circle suspended in the air instead.

Loud bawling was heard from the distance, and a sea of gaping mouths and gleaming eyes beamed Leorich as he panted from the effort. The sea of excited energy crashed against Leoric as he walked over to the brave knight.

“Keep it.”**[WP] You died. That means you're headed for the afterlife. To your surprise, afterlife happens to take the form of a huge city, with countless buildings as far as eye can see. In your hands, you notice a piece of paper with your 'address' on it. Afraid of getting lost, you decide to ask around...**
*****
>Well done, Charles! Whether by extraordinary luck or other means, you have found your apartment.  
>Kick back, relax, and revel in your stay.  
>If you wish to be upgraded to a more luxurious module, you must earn your keep.  
>Prolonged exposure to the apartments may result in permanent damage,  
>  
>Enjoy!

There was a chocolate wrap on top of the note. Mildly annoyed by the cryptic note, Charles took a bite and looked around.

It was a meager apartment. A large window covered one side of the wall which betrayed the dizzying height he found himself at in the lone room, the chaotic streets below barely visible. A naked mattress lay in one of the corners of the room, a dimly lit ceiling lamp his only source of illumination. 

“Permanent damage?” he dropped the note to the floor and gobbled the remaining chocolate. “This hardly seems worth killing someone over.” He lay down on his mattress, considering how to best proceed.
Charles held up the pen Phillip gave him. He scoffed at himself for thinking of inviting that lunatic back into his life.

A long moment passed before hopelessness once more churned in his stomach, he sighed.

“Click twice, huh?” 

The pen disappeared in a large puff of dark smoke, Charles violently coughed and backed into the opposite side of the room, trying to wave away the cloud.

Yellow teeth grinned through the smoke. “Charles. This was sooner than I expected.” the dark mist settled on the floor before finally dispersing.

“Philip, what’s going on? What does earn your keep mean? Why did you have me kill someone over this?” Charles gestured angrily.

Philip barked out a laugh, “You think Hereafter just runs by itself, do you? No, my dearest Charles, death is no escape from your obligations.”

“As for earning your keep, perhaps I can help you with that…”

Philip explained that he had another enterprise for him, one with a few more moving variables. Completing this proposition would award him the location to an upgraded apartment.

“This isn’t just a letter I’m delivering, is it?”

“A simple letter,” Philip assured him as he motioned towards the exit. 

“We’re not going to talk about how you appeared from surge of smoke?” Charles asked quizzically.

Philip smiled as he reached after something from his jacket’s inner pocket.

“Don’t forget your pen.”
*****
 |****
*****
It observed him with cold eyes, one of its wings protruded at an awkward angle. Even as Reed’s shadow loomed over the raven it made no signs of distress, made no plea for its life. It did not cry out in anger at its alleged executioner. It simply observed his approach, an unmistakable intelligence flaring up behind its pitch-black eyes.

“Looks like a broken wing,” Reed said out loud, even though it was just him and the raven. To his surprise the bird nodded and looked up at his eyes, seemingly implying, “Help.”

The raven slapped Reed’s hand away dismissively with its beak when it became clear he was going to wrap the bird in his thick blue scarf. It glared at him with indignation, it pointed its beak at his right shoulder.

Reed said, “You— you want to ride on my shoulder, with a broken wing?” And the raven crowed once in affirmation.

Reed helped the strange creature up on his shoulder and started biking slowly, the raven positioned himself to reduce wind from slamming into its broken wing, but judging from the talons that dug into him, it wasn’t very effective.

Strange calls echoed throughout the sky as he made his way out of the park, the sound of numerous flapping wings interrupted his thoughts, he looked over his free shoulder. A squad of crows, probably around three dozen.

“Looks like murder is in the air,” Reed chuckled to himself, the raven pecked him in his ear, “Ow, quit that!” 

The raven crowed into his ear and continued pecking, “Stop it, I’m sorry, alright?”

When one of the crows flew in-front of him, trying to disrupt his trajectory, it became clear that the raven did not want to punish him for his bad tastes, it tried to make him go faster. A lot faster.

“What’s going on?” Reed was flabbergasted, he was under attack by a bunch of birds!

Reed found it strange, but something in the eyes of the raven seemed to say, “Get me out of this, and you’ll be rewarded.”

Reed stood up on his bike and started pedalling like his life depended on it, he swerved off-road around a couple of tall pines, he could feel the raven’s talons dig into his flesh. The raven crowed with ire Reed did not expect out of a bird, their assailants crowed right back at them.

“Out of the way,” Reed shouted at a couple who had stopped to look at the macabre scene approaching, “watch out!” He biked right between them. When Reed looked back, he thought there must be at least a hundred crows now.

Reed leaped out of his bike with one hand held on the raven to support it against the violent ejection. They narrowly made it through the doors to his apartment house before the loud crowing outside blotted out the sound of cars, he heard beaks clattering against the hard-wood of the door.

“*Who* are you?” Reed asked with his back against the door, panting in exhaustion. 

Reed’s eyes widened when the raven spoke back to him in perfect English, “King.”
*****
Thank you for reading!**[WP] Everyone initially appears as a shadowy, indistinct figure. The more you get to know someone, the clearer they appear. You've known your spouse for years, yet no matter how much the two of you share, there's a part of them you still can't make out.**
*****
Alyson sat in the uncomfortable two-person sofa, hugging her knees and staring towards the small window that was completely covered in dust and sot, “Why won’t you tell me, Nikhil?” 

Nikhil paced around the dimly lit room, outside the wind blew around the container and produced a faint whining noise, he once again reiterated the same words, albeit in a slightly different order, trying to convince his wife or himself of something, “Nothing! We share everything, Alyson!” 

Alyson got up and walked towards the door before turning around and facing her spouse, “Then why does your shadow grow? It’s supposed to shrink, what are you hiding?!” she pointed accusingly at him.

Nikhil was getting more upset by the minute, "I don’t know, Alyson! I swear I don’t know why this is happening,”

Alyson shook her head while putting on her blue scarf and outdoor-goggles, “I’m going out,”

“Out? You just got back home, honey, let’s figure this out!”

“We can figure this out when you start telling me the truth,” Alyson said, her blue eyes unfocused on the ground. She opened the door, “Honey!” Nikhil shouted before she closed it again. She leaned with her back on the door belonging to her container-house for a few moments before she set off.

The wind had picked up while she had been at home, black indistinct figures barely visible in the dust-storm. The cacophony of the blowing dust and mumbling foreign-sounding voices emanating from the shadows made everything worse. Alyson felt isolated, alone, and she was no closer to finding *her.* What the hell could Nikhil be hiding?

The city of Arcgate was gigantic, and the vision was always poor thanks to the ever-prevalent dust. Finding someone who was not a shadow proved to be an almost impossible task, Alyson had wandered these same streets for the better part of four years, “Four years, and nothing!” she thought. They could’ve been standing in the same town-square and she’d never know. 

Alyson recalled the memory of her daughter, Nevaeh, she must be twelve years old now. Long red hair, blue eyes like hers. She had vanished without a trace one day; Nikhil and Alyson had searched tirelessly with barely any sleep for months. Alyson feared she might’ve turned into a shadow by now, but she clung to the hope that she was simply lost in the city, wandering.

The calculating part of her mind would harass her relentlessly, “Four years!” it would say, “How can a child survive for four years, without help?” she drowned out the self-doubt with emotion, with hope. If Nevaeh had become a shadow to her, so be it, but she needed to know, and she would not stop searching until she did. For all Nikhil’s apparent secrets, she knew he would do the same.

She spent hours searching, wandering the streets of Arcgate, but like every other day, she turned up empty handed. With the familiar weight in her stomach, she turned back and began her trek home. 

It was midnight before she once again stood outside the large metal door to her container-house, the rustic key unenthusiastically twisted and opened the door, “Nothing, Nikhil,” she sighed and closed the door, when she received no answer her eyes scanned the large room more closely, “Nikhil?”

Alyson soon found that she was alone, Nikhil must still be out searching for Nevaeh, nothing too unusual. She noticed a note left on the kitchen table, indistinct darkness obscuring most of it, she tried to twist and turn the note in her hands, but the darkness would not yield, she gave up her attempt in frustration and read the note. 

“I’m so— Alyson— fault!— not coming back— find her!”
*****
Thank you for reading!**[WP] Due to overpopulation, a law was passed globally that requires everyone to hibernate for 100 years at a time after every 90 years. Today is Shutdown Day. As you finish getting tucked into your pod, you instantly notice eyes being shut all around you. But something is wrong. You are still awake.**
*****
“It was under control!” Harold yelled at his so-called savior, “do you realize what you have done?”

Christopher reloaded his hand-gun by pulling the rectangle front-part of his gun downwards, effectively splitting the gun in two, and inserting eight bullets into the now empty holes. Still breathing unevenly, he walked up to Harold, “It looked like he was going to kill you, Harold,”

Harold’s red scarf fluttered in the vagrant winds, “He would’ve stopped,”, he looked at the destroyed corpse of a man, he’d lived in the wasteland his entire life, but rarely did he see someone spending resources this recklessly, this violently, just to kill someone! 

“I couldn’t take that chance,” Christopher answered, he still felt a little volatile after committing murder, a highlight reel of violence played on repeat in his head. Part of him felt powerful, part of him wanted to throw up, “I hear you’re good with computers, Harold.”

Harold stopped staring at the cadaver, “That man has friends, you know. Where do you think they’ll start looking when he doesn’t return, hm?”

The stress Christopher felt was starting to pile on, he had not slept properly for an incessant amount of time, “Then I’ll kill them, too. Computers, Harold! Tell me I have the right man!”

Whilst inspecting the old man, Christopher could’ve sworn that Harold’s left hand was covered in in thick blue scales.

“Yes, yes! Step inside my humble abode, explain to old Harold what you need.”

After quickly running after Daisy and returning her outside Harold’s house, Christopher entered the house together with Harold. The place was a mess, he could tell Harold was the tinkerer sort, half-way dissected weapons, motors and miscellaneous items lay scatted across multiple workbenches. They stopped at an old terminal, thick plastic encased a small black screen, a board with keys integrated into the device. Harold looked at Christopher, patiently awaiting details. 

Christopher quickly explained the story of how he had become the unwilling prisoner of this wasteland, that he had a frozen family that was waiting for him to join them in the future, and that he needed someone to reset the hibernation pod’s systems.

“Seems like you’ve had it rough, Christopher,” Harold said, now understanding Christopher’s motivations a little better, getting between a man and his family, anyone could be driven to the brink of madness under such circumstances.

“I think I can help you, but I can’t do it from here,” he pointed at the terminal behind him, “This won’t do. I need to be on-location. Thanks to your *heroic* efforts, I’m going to have to leave my home anyway, in fact we should hurry before—”

“You killed him!” somebody shouted from the outside, “I know you’re in there, you bastard! I’m going to butcher you, Harold!” 

Christopher glanced out a small dusty window, “Shit, there’s four of them!”

The group, under instruction of the yelling man, opened fire on the house, stray bullets fired more rapidly than from mere handguns flew into Harold’s house at every angle, Christopher quickly pushed himself next to the entrance doorway and returned fire.

He hit one of them by sheer luck, the man stopped moving. Bullets quickly mottled his cover, Christopher moved towards the broken window, he waited a few breaths before opening fire again, he emptied the rest of his magazine and downed another thug, he was nicked once in his left shoulder, “Damn it!”, he hastily confirmed that his shoulder had an exit wound.

With his numb left arm, Christopher awkwardly opened his gun and held it between elbow and body, reloading the gun with his last eight bullets. Blood dripped from his shoulder and stained the barrel, he managed to cock the gun just as the last two men ran inside.

Christopher charged the men and shot the first man who entered with three bullets, the man collapsed to the floor. The last thug who gave the orders tried to shoot him, but Christopher managed to point the gun away and punch him. They fell to the ground and tussled around the workshop, “You bastard, I’ll kill you too!” the thug shouted.

The thug pushed Christopher on top of a workbench and dragged him through all pointy and sharp mechanical parts that lay on the table, “I’ll kill you all!”

Christopher wasn’t going to die here, he wouldn’t allow it! Where was Harold?! He was tossed off the table and fell on his stomach, hard. Losing his breath and with his vision fading, the opponent started hitting his back like a savage, Christopher could barely make out a mallet on the ground in front of him. Reaching for it he slammed it into the thug’s face, knocking him off balance.

Christopher coughed blood and forced himself up, this wasn’t his time! He was going to see Anya and Elle again, he’ll end all life in the wasteland if he must! With singular intent he wobbled his way towards the groaning prone man, thick blue scales covered his enemy’s skin, “Stay away from them, you devil!” he echoed from his nightmares, bashing the thug in the head, again, and again, and again.

He dropped the mallet and panted, the dead man’s face no longer recognizable, “Harold!” Christopher cried.

Christopher heard groaning coming from a corner, “Bastard’s got me,” Harold complained, he was holding his leg, blood making a mess on the floor beneath. Harold silently cursed a while longer before finally passing out from the pain. Christopher desperately inspected Harold’s leg wound and felt relieved when he found the exit wound.

Christopher quickly searched Harold’s house through blinding pain of his own, he found some alcohol and drenched Harold’s wound with it, and then his shoulder. He ripped off Harold’s red scarf and used his own dark-blue cloth as pressure, creating a makeshift bandage.

He stumbled outside and found that Daisy didn’t make it, his sand-colored camel lay limp in a red pool. To his dismay he found that the assailants didn’t have any mounts, either.

Christopher screamed into the hot air, aiming his hatred at the heavens, “Give me something, some manner of luck, anything, you sadist!” he paused, considering his options, “If I fail here, I’m coming for you next!”

Christopher limped back towards the chalky round house, he threw his bag containing water and dried meat on his back, holstered his almost emptied gun. Harold was still unconscious, he tried waking him, but nothing happened. Resolved, he painfully squatted down and picked up Harold over his shoulders.

“Either you survive to help me, Harold, or we both die,” Christopher fumed, gritting his teeth. 

## Chapter Epilogue

Harold woke up in the scalding heat, having trouble orienting himself. The earth floated beneath him, his leg jolting with pain, “Water… water!” he coughed. A hand soundlessly shoved a bottle into Harold’s face, and after a few sips, he passed out.

Harold could hear two gun-shots, the sounds were muffled, in a haze somewhere far away, he briefly witnessed the dark of night, and his body shivered. Harold lost consciousness again.

Day turned into night, night into day. Harold continued passing in and out of consciousness, losing all sense of time.
*****
Okay, I might've gone a little overboard with the length on this one! Almost 1200 words, I hope you had the patience to read through it all. Thank you so much for reading!Hello everyone,

Whether you're a subscriber or not, welcome! 

Almost every story that I've started either from a prompt, or myself, is usually longer than what I end up publishing, because of this, I have a lot of series currently hanging in the air, and new ones are popping up all the time.

That's why I thought, that maybe, you'd like to weigh on my decision on what to write next. You can simply reply to this post with what you want to see, if you want me to continue a story, make up something new or anything, really.

Also, I've seen that a few of you have tried to do a "SubscribeMe!" or similar on several of my posts, I'm going to look into adding bots to this sub, although I'm not sure how to enable them, yet. I'm sure I'll find something.

**TL;DR:** If you're not the chatty type, and you don't feel like saying anything, I simply wish you and everybody else, a happy new year!**[WP] You are The Summoner. You can summon pretty much any mythical creature/entity, provided you have enough prep time. Problem is, none of your clients take your advice on who they summon and for what task.**
*****
“You almost killed Mark!” the CEO Augustus shouted at The Summoner, “That was way out of scope for this meeting!” Augustus was simmering with rage, he wore a grey luxurious suit with a golden tie. He was about ten years older than Mark and sported a combover with his not so dense white hair.

The Summoner had found himself in the office of the CEO after some people hadn’t appreciated his avian friend and decided to report him to HR. He was standing next to Mark, claw marks were scattered across his blue suit and his red tie had been cut in half. He was bleeding slightly from the neck and it had stained the shoulder of his expensive suit.

“I was merely complying with Mark’s wishes…” The Summoner rolled his eyes as he spoke, he wondered if he should leave early today as the meeting had sapped most of his productivity for the day anyway. He walked toward the window and peeled away the blinders. The gryphon had torn a hole in the meeting room wall and was currently flying outside and wreaking havoc among the cars in the parking lot.

The Summoner shrugged and walked back to Augustus.

“Look, I was only taking a-“ A screech from the gryphon momentarily interrupted his train of thought. A loud crash of metal could be heard from the yard.

“Forward leap?” Leorich had long since learned that facts and explaining had little to no effect on people the higher up the corporate ladder you climbed. Instead you had to use company jargon.

“Let’s peel the onion, the gryphon idea won’t scale and us having a thought shower won’t bring this into scope for neither us nor the customers.” The Summoner said pleased with himself for being able to conjure up such a long string of nonsense.

“Yeah, maybe you’re right Leorich, that’s some blue sky thinking.” Mark said, still slightly out of breath after his ordeal.

“Alright,” the CEO began “I think we can still pivot this gryphon idea, besides I’ve already promised our customers free gryphon transport by the end of Q2 this year. Let’s circle back to this next week after Leorich has done some more gryphon testing.” Augustus finished while doing something strange with his hands for emphasis.

What is he, a beast master? It says The Summoner on his Lync profile... Whatever, nothing Leorich says now will have much effect. Besides, managers promising things that cannot possibly be done in time is not exactly a foreign concept.

“Ok, boss.” The Summoner complied a little deflated and began walking out of the room.

“So the gryphon in the parking lot, you going to—no?” Mark asked sheepishly as Leorich turned a corner.
*******[WP] You are The Summoner. You can summon pretty much any mythical creature/entity, provided you have enough prep time. Problem is, none of your clients take your advice on who they summon and for what task.**
*****
Here he was again, in another four-hour meeting booked on-top of his usual lunch hour. You would think that having a title such as The Summoner would discourage some people from inviting him to all meetings, but it only seemed to make it worse. The company had made sure his abilities were well advertised on their website where the latest buzz-word fed from management was something like Forward Leapers. More like Forward Lepers, he chuckled.

“What’s so funny Leorich? This is serious, please focus. Are you even listening?” The man who addressed him was none other than the chubby brother of the CEO, Mark. This gave him some undeserved air of authority, but he was clearly an idiot. He wore a red tie, white shirt and covered it all up in a blue suit that was all no doubt tailor made to his… figure.

The Summoner sighed, shifting in his seat with his black bathrobe tied together at the waist with a yellow cord. He had worn it as a gag one week but everyone in the company began to revere it as some ancient robes made from otherworldly fabric that was needed for his summoning rituals, and they got nervous when he tried to go back to his normal suit. It was damn comfortable however so overall it was a win-win.

“You want me to summon company gryphons?” The Summoner had tried to explain to the manager that you cannot exactly just strap a saddle on a gryphon and call it a transport vehicle, it was more likely to shred you to pieces just by looking at it, it was a predator for god’s sake, but it had somehow missed the Mark, so to speak.

“Yes, I think this could be the next big forward leap for our company and I’ve thought long and hard about what we should summon. I don’t see any reason not to proceed! Forward leap!” Mark confidently exclaimed.

Everyone in the meeting room cheered and started chanting “Forward leap! Forward leap!” except The Summoner. They were about to forward leap over a cliff, but he wasn’t getting paid not to summon things.

“…Very well” The Summoner conceded and at a snap of his fingers and a flick of his wrist a gryphon appeared in the meeting room screeching, it started tossing around the furniture while flapping its wings and attacking everyone close by. The meeting participants were screaming and running around while Leorich calmly grabbed the coffee thermos and walked back to his desk.
*******[WP] You died. That means you're headed for the afterlife. To your surprise, afterlife happens to take the form of a huge city, with countless buildings as far as eye can see. In your hands, you notice a piece of paper with your 'address' on it. Afraid of getting lost, you decide to ask around...**
*****
Charles tried to peer at the contents of the letter one more time, the gloom from the street lights not offering any assistance. The faintest hint of an edge, a card? The blasted thing had a seal, and he dared not break it.

“What have I gotten myself into?” he murmured to himself as he started following the prompts of the simple plan. He was to make a series of turns after leaving his apartment before finally descending into a basement entrance of another high-rise. After walking for a couple of minutes amongst the crowd, someone bumped into him.

“Hey, watch where you’re going” Charles blurted, jarred from the sudden jolt back to reality. 
“Sorry sir, sorry! Please, can you help me? I’m trying to find Azure Beach Blvd 9835F” she expectantly asked him. She wore what looked like a green jumpsuit, the kind a mechanic might wear. The crowds flowed around them, like they were rocks in a river.

Charles considered if he should simply keep walking, the lessons the crowds had impetuously tried to teach him still clear in his mind. 

“You must be new here,” Charles began, trying to hide his own ineptitude of Hereafter.

“That obvious?” she replied with a broad smile. “You’re the first person who has stopped and talked to me! Can you help me?”

He thought for a few moments, a brief awkwardness settled before he abruptly continued.
“…Yes, and no.” 

“That’s rather vague.”

“I don’t know how to find your apartment, but I know who does.” He continued.

“Listen, I’m actually running an errand for that person in particular, care to join me? I could use some company. “

She thought for a few seconds, “Normally I wouldn’t go with a stranger, these pricks have worn me out, however.” She gestured towards the oblivious masses. “Alright …?”

“Charles. And you are?”

“Jenny. Ok then, Charles. Lead the way!” a small amount of enthusiasm returning to her voice. 

As they walked towards their destination, Charles outlined the plan given to him by Philip, omitting certain unsettling details about the man, and himself.

“It looks like we’ve arrived,” he announced as he recognized the description of the descending stairs that pointed at a basement door. Charles inspected the door; a large rustic padlock clearly visible.

“Great! He forgot to mention that this would be a break in! Of course!” 

“Sarcasm aside, you don’t seem surprised. Wait, I might have just the thing,” she reached into one of her large pockets. 

“Step aside, Charles” she didn’t wait for him before she whacked the padlock with a large wrench, her golden hair grazed his face before he could get out of the way properly.

After some mild cursing he noted that the wrench had struck home, the door reluctantly opening itself inwards to a set of stone stairs. “Let’s get this over with,” 

Inside the basement, there were newspapers and old chairs stacked together in large heaps, the gloom spilling in from the streets outside their only source of light. Charles shuffled around before he finally found a large office table.

“Right, I was supposed to put it on this table, like this. Oh, and I was supposed to say something.”

“Arfeth, insoladis agnum… Eternum!" 

Red angry letters shot out from the letter, casting the dark walls and ceiling with unsettling characters. The room shook furiously.

“Philip, you son of a…!” 

“What’s going on?” Jenny demanded as Charles recalled the last suggestion Philip had given him.

*When the time is right, run.*

“We need to get out of here, move!” he shouted. They dashed for the stone stairs as the chairs fell around them, newspapers flying around as if possessed.

They flew up the stairs and tumbled out into the streets, they peered back at the humongous building and looked on in horror as the entire structure crumbled and cracked, before he could make a sound the entire building phased into a dark obsidian pillar, replacing the original structure.

Charles contemplated what he had just done, how many people lived in one of these buildings? Before he could catch his breath the basement door, now replaced by a sleek black sliding-panel, opened.
 
“You always exceed my expectations, Charles.” A brown capped man grinned at the newly formed party.
*****
 |  |**[WP] You died. That means you're headed for the afterlife. To your surprise, afterlife happens to take the form of a huge city, with countless buildings as far as eye can see. In your hands, you notice a piece of paper with your 'address' on it. Afraid of getting lost, you decide to ask around...**
*****
Black sugar cube. Philip had asked him to enter the building on the opposite side of the street. His task, if he chose to accept, would be to drop the cube next to a very particular person.

“That’s it? Well, that doesn’t seem to be so bad,” Charles responded to the proposition. “I accept.”

“Good. You have ten minutes, I’ll be waiting. Remember, keep moving.”

Charles entered the building and immediately began scanning for someone matching the description. The foyer was truly grand, large pictures of people he didn’t recognize were scattered across the walls, every surface decorated with golden edges.

He carefully inspected the small groups spread around the room, the atmosphere was joyful. Everyone here looked to be dressed as upper-class. A man made a series of hand-gestures in front of three ladies, they all burst into laughter as the story reached its climax. He didn’t seem to have red nails, however. Charles continued discreetly moving around the room for five minutes, he began thinking the time-frame was hopeless when he caught sight of the target.

The man seemed to be out of place in this setting, nails aside. Charles grabbed the black cube and started his interception trajectory. When he was close behind the man he subtly threw the cube using only his wrist, the black piece rolled in front of the red-nailed man.

A burst of light followed by a soul-wrenching gurgled scream filled the room. Skin and bones were torn off the man in an instant, all matter sucked into the cube. It was like he had gruesomely erased the man out of existence.

Keep moving, keep moving.

In all the commotion and confusion, Charles managed to escape the foyer and back out into the street without being noticed. He ran back to the bench where Phillip stood, smiling.

“Nine minutes Charles, excellent work my friend!”

“Friend? Screw you Phillip, did you just have me kill someone?” Charles simmered with rage, the fact that he had carried such an easily triggered weapon made him want to vomit.

“A deal’s a deal, you will find 756th Under street ten blocks north of here, then at Elmer crossroads you turn right for another two blocks. It’s in the yellow skyscraper. I’ll be your personal navigator from now on, use this whenever you require my services.” Phillip handed him a small bullet point pen.

“I’m never going to require your services again, you lunatic!” Charles shouted, “And what the hell am I going to do with a pen?”

“Oh Charles, I sometimes forget just how new you are here. That address is going to be of no use the next time you leave your apartment. As for the pen…”

“No use? What are you on about?”

“Hereafter doesn’t work like the cities where you come from. It grows, shifts. Evolves. The next time you go back to your apartment, even if you could find it, there will likely be no yellow skyscraper. Now, the pen…”

Charles leaned against the old street lamp for support. A sick feeling sweeping over him as he considered the implications of an infinite, self-evolving city.

“… Just click on it twice and I’ll find you.” Philip finished as he slowly backed into the masses, facing Charles.

“Pleasure making your acquaintance, Charles,” he grinned “Talk to you soon.” And he was gone.
*****
 |**[WP] Upon their death, each individual must battle every living thing they killed to proceed to the afterlife. At the gates, a mild mannered person finds they are faced with an unexpected fight.**
*****
Who could have thought there ever existed this many insects on planet earth, at any point, let alone that he had been responsible for all of their demise. Looking back at it now, cars was a mistake. His battered hands were shaking, covered in sot and crushed bugs. The platform hummed and began to rise.

It had taken a long time to work through the endless waves of the infinitesimals, but it was nothing compared to fighting the cats he had accidentally driven over in life. Robert had always loved cats, it was the perfect pet, dog owners be damned. It had been a little bit traumatizing, he admitted to himself. It had also seemed a little bit absurd that he would have to fight for his afterlife, but as with anything else, he got on with it.

The platform stopped at the top of the large tower structure with a roaring snap, Robert could see outlines of mountains in the distance, but it was hard to see through the grey clouds that lingered. He had spent the better part of three months in constant battle, and it appeared he had finally reached the top.

A man leaned on one of the pillars overlooking the abyss below. Something seemed familiar about his posture.

The man sighed without turning “What kept you? I’ve been waiting here for ages!”

“Who are you? I’ve never killed—or well, I mean, never killed any human,”

The man turned to face Robert, a dueling mask covering his face.

“Pick up the rapier Robert, fight me.” The man curtly said and aimed a rapier of his own at Robert.

As soon as Robert picked up the rapier, the stranger launched at him. Habit kicked in and he parried three quick stabs aimed at his head before a riposte almost hit the assailant.

“You’re good, but I’ve certainly not killed anyone fencing!” Robert began while trying to find an opening. A quick thrust barely grazed the opponent’s mask. Two strikes returned and nicked him in the left shoulder.

Quick exchanges without any lasting injury continued as they moved around the circular arena. More than once Robert had to slide sideways to avoid being mercilessly stabbed. The stranger charged up and spun to the left with the rapier held within his stance. Robert hesitated two paces back before committing, he pierced his opponent through the chest while at the same time grabbing the stranger’s rapier with his free hand. Robert could feel dampness building up in the corner of his eyes.

“There’s only one idiot I know who would spin like that… Joshua.”

The stranger struggled to breathe, blood seeping through the netted mask.

“Couldn’t leave my brother to face death alone, now could I?”**\[WP\]  The zombie virus has allowed you to survive long enough to be born from  your mother's corpse. Fully intelligent, immune to the zombie virus as  well as other diseases and can only be killed by a shot to the head,  you're the first half-zombie.**  
*****
She winced as the man crushed the head of a nearby lumbering zombie with a crowbar. “I think that’s the last of them, Chuck go make sure there are no more hiding around that truck,” the man caught sight of the small child and cursed loudly, Chuck hurried back.

“What’s wrong Anders, were you bitten? Oh, damn it…” the child was hunched over a decaying deer, entrails spread all over the asphalt. The child curiously inspected the two men with large clouded green eyes. Her skin was bleached, bright crimson blood vessels clearly visible.

“You do this one Chuck,” Anders shoved a revolver into Chucks hands, avoiding eye contact “I can’t do this anymore.” before slowly walking away.

Chuck took a deep breath and aimed the revolver at the doomed child. This never got any easier, that’s how he knew he was still human. At least that’s what he told himself. With shaking hands, he finally worked up the courage to squeeze the trigger.

Chuck’s eyes widened in shock and he collapsed to his knees, mouth agape. Anders swiftly returned to his friend’s side in total disbelief.

“I…I missed,” Chuck started as both witnessed the scene in horror. He had missed the head, ensuring a merciful end, and had instead hit the child’s right shoulder.

“What have I done?”

Anders was also visibly shaken, what little precious water he had stored now an uncontrolled stream, escaping through his eyes.

“Zombies don’t cry, Anders!”*****
Reed covered the single wide window of his studio apartment as quickly as he could. He peeked through a small slit in the curtains while breathing heavily. The crows were not only still there, they flocked to the nearby trees, electrical poles, garbage cans. Two shapes flashed past his vantage point, causing him to close the curtains in panicked reflex.

The raven’s talons clacked against the laminated wood as it approached him, “Protect me, protect you,” it said.

Reed wiped his face with a hand and looked in disbelief at the dark shape in front of him, “I’m having a conversation with a raven,” he giggled nervously to himself, “I’ve finally lost it.”

“Protect me, protect you,” it repeated, crowing for emphasis. The following dark stare calmed Reed, for whatever reason, he seemed to believe that his new avian friend would keep up his end of the bargain.

Reed decided that he might as well try to help the raven as he had originally intended, although taking it to a veterinarian was now out the window, unless he’d like to be hacked to death by a murder of crows.

He spent some time looking up information on how to heal a broken wing, gathering what supplies he had in his apartment and putting it on the low sofa table, near where the raven was presently strutting about. “Alright, I got bandages, raw honey and some disinfectant-spray. Now, don’t peck my eye out, you hear?”

The raven nodded and let itself be picked up by Reed, who reiterated the instructions he found on the internet out loud, mostly to calm himself if not to re-assure the raven that he knew what he was doing. He felt along the bones of the offending wing as softly as he could, checking for obvious fractures. When he didn’t find any he sighed in relief, “Nothing seems to be completely severed, good,” 

After some careful wrapping, some angry crowing noises as he fumbled about the wing, he took a step back to watch his masterpiece, “Beautiful, looks like you’re going to be alright—"

“Crow leader,” the raven interrupted, “feathers missing head.”

Reed almost got a word in before it continued, “Need eagle, owl, fire!” it crowed.

“What are you going on about? Fire I sort of get but eagles, owls?”

The crow hopped over and pecked at his toes, “King, king, king!” it repeated at the retreating feet.

“Take it easy, man! —”

“King!” It said with regal finality.

“You’re the king, I get it,” Reed flustered, hiding behind the divan from the raven’s intimidating beaks. He stepped out in embarrassment when he realized he was cowering from a bird.

“Where are the eagles, the owls?”

“Eagle water, owl barn,” it explained incredulously, making Reed feel stupid by the tone of it.

“And just how do you expect us to get out of here without being noticed,” Reed sneaked a peek outside, the air was filled with crowing noises, every possible object now had a crow on it, save for the asphalt, “they’re everywhere!”

The raven pondered this for a moment, hopping around and stopping, before hopping some more.

It finally stopped and replied, “Disguise, box!”

Reed let his fascination of the bird’s ability to think up and combining complex ideas bleed into his question, “You really think that’ll work?”

The raven stared at him.

Reed hopped back involuntarily as the raven took a mock-step forward, “King, I get it,” he said.

“Crow stupid compared to king, plan work.”
*****
Thank you for reading!

 | [Next?]**[WP] Since you've moved in to the new house, you've grown to like the new mirror. It's beautiful to look at, with its ornately carved frame and clean glass. The only problem is, the person on the other side is never you.**
*****
Here it was again, the *thing* that was not him, Tony thought. Its green eyes were distant, even when looking directly at him, “You are not me!” he yelled at his mockery image.

Could it even hear him?

“Answer me, why do you keep making an appearance in my mirror?”

His image appeared real enough, all the parts were there, same brown hair, same broad nose. It was tall, slender… frail. Tony knew with utmost certainty that this was not him, “Go away!” he would yell after being stared at for long enough by the creepy figure, but he always found himself unable to leave.

The apparition smiled towards him in a way Tony imagined a robot would smile, after its programmer told it to move its lips into a human-smiling-position, no, this was a creature without the human spirit, of that Tony was sure.

Sobering up his thoughts, Tony asked his personal mimic sincerely, “Why do you torment me? Every day you appear in my mirror, you appear in different attires, holding different objects,” Tony paused, dampness building up in the corner of his eyes, “but you are never me, you’re always someone else!”

The phantom seemed to acknowledge Tony’s questions for the first time, “It’s easier to navigate this world, without you,” it uttered, persisting its robotic smile.

Tony remembered the first time going into the attic of his newly bought house, the previous owners apparently neglecting to empty it. That’s where he had found the accursed object, a towering mirror, it had the most beautifully carved frame, painted in gold, the wood enveloping the mirror like crashing waves. But it had a dark secret.

He recalled the sensation, when he had dusted off the mirror with his sleeve and peered into it the first time. A yanking sensation, burning him internally, wanting to scream but unable to make the sounds escape his lips.

Tony’s image began walking away, “I’ll see you tomorrow,” it said, still holding its travesty of a smile, “Jessica needs help to put the children to bed,”

Tony howled at the top of his lungs as the lights were cruelly switched off, banging his fists bloody on the mirror surface, but like every other time, he was unable to escape his prison.
*****
A flash story I wrote yesterday night, thank you for reading!

Also, from this point on I am replacing post tags with flairs, making it easier to filter different posts.**[WP] You died. That means you're headed for the afterlife. To your surprise, afterlife happens to take the form of a huge city, with countless buildings as far as eye can see. In your hands, you notice a piece of paper with your 'address' on it. Afraid of getting lost, you decide to ask around...**
*****
>Congratulations Charles, you have died!  
>Welcome to your new home, the sprawling city of Hereafter.  
>Please proceed to the apartment assigned to you at 756th Under street.  
>  
>Good luck!

The note read.

It became quickly apparent that finding his apartment would prove to be quite the undertaking, sprawling city was an understatement. The streets were thick with people hurrying to get to somewhere, every available space was laden with skyscrapers that seemed to extend far past the puffy ebony clouds, into eternity. With hopelessness quickly making a home in his stomach, he decided that the best course of action was to ask for help.

“Excuse me, mam? Do you perchance know where I can find 756th Under street?” the scruffy looking woman looked at him incredulously and gave an audible laugh before disappearing into the masses.

Charles continued to ask the ambling rabble for directions but was met with similar results each time. People pretended not to hear him, they scoffed, laughed, and ridiculed him. Concluding he’d have enough he sunk into a bench next to a flickering, old street lamp.

“What’s wrong with these people? Why won’t anyone help me?” he muttered to himself as he inspected the mob more closely. There was a nervous energy to them, they wore clothes that were gritty and tattered, and they seemed to be in a great deal of hurry. In life Charles never took delight in talking to people or being in a rush, for that matter. He was beginning to suspect that this might be some sort of hellscape constructed for him personally. Before he could consider it further he was interrupted by a stranger sitting down next to him.

“You must be new here,” the brown capped man began without meeting his eyes.

“Is it that obvious?”

The man pointed a gnarly finger at Charles clothes. “Not grimy yet, must be new here.”

“Phillip is the name, and finding apartments is my game.”

Charles grimaced internally but didn’t let it bleed into his enthusiasm. He was just happy someone finally decided to speak with him somewhat seriously.

“Great! Can you tell me how to find 756th Under street?”

“Not so fast, …?”

“Charles.”

“Charles. Before I can help you find what you seek, you must help me with something first.”

“Fantastic. You know what, I don’t even know you, how could I possibly trust you to keep up your end? “

“I don’t wish to waste time, the short answer is that you can’t.”

“And if I refuse your flimsy offer?”

A smile slowly crept up on the stranger’s mouth as he carefully gestured to the scurrying masses in the street.

“Then you may join the others.”
*****
 |**[WP] No one believed you when you told them that your four year old got abducted by aliens on your way home from school. Today an alien shows up at your doorstep begging you to save them. Your nasty toddler has taken over the galaxy as its most vicious overlord and only you can make it stop.**
*****
Davis had been pacing around the small ship for a while now and felt a headache coming on, he was probably soberer now than he’d been at any point during the past six years, he didn’t like it. 

“How much longer is this going to take?”

The alien sighed, “Oh, I’m sorry,” one of the heads turned around from the cock-pit while the other concentrated on plotting their course, “you think space-navigation is easy, then?”

“Please, it’s called *space*!”

The alien head grew visibly annoyed, “If I input the wrong coordinates into this space navigator here, we both die a horrifying death, and your devil child conquers the rest of the universe unhindered!”

“I’ve been meaning to ask you,” Davis began as he searched a metal-gray container for booze, he picked up a weird tablet and dropped it to the ground, “how exactly did my little girl conquer the galaxy? Are you all, by chance, incompetent?” he said, tossing a strange piece of clothing into the growing pile.

Davis stopped his search and faced the creature from his nightmares, “And what should I call you, the alien who ruined my life?”

The alien stopped plotting and pushed himself up to his full height, facing Davis, “You may refer to me as Crocus, and no, we are not *incompetent*,” the alien grumbled, “simply caught with our guard down,”

Davis chuckled, “The entire galaxy was caught with its guard down? She’s a child, just tell her *no*,”

A grim expression settled on both the alien’s faces, “Davis, nobody…” one head began, “nobody tells Summer to do anything. Especially *no*, that would be a death sentence,” the other head finished.

“Summer is a killer?” 

It was now Crocus turn to laugh, albeit only at the absurdity of it, “Ha-ha, it’d be funnier if it didn’t involve the annihilation of more than a hundred worlds!”

Following Summer’s abduction, Davis had read up on space in hopes of learning anything useful, he recalled some statistics regarding potentially habitable planets in The Milky Way, they should be in the range of a few hundred million, “Statistically speaking, that’s not too bad,” he mused.

Crocus was completely aghast at such a callous statement, “You speak of statistics? Millions are dead, possibly more, you really are her father!”

“You expect me to feel sympathy? You can go rot for all I care, this is karma for stealing my little girl!”

Crocus sat back down and turned away from the contemptible man, after a moment of silence he finally spoke, “There’s a… particularly strong drink at the bottom of that box called *Low Infusion*, I suggest you choke on it.” 

“It’ll take around five days to reach the planet Rodulus III with this ship,” Crocus estimated.

Davis pulled up the clear bright blue bottle, the green liquid sloshed inside, he grinned widely and uncorked the bottle, and took a large swig.

“When you return to the land of the living, hopefully staying quiet during your entire drunken voyage, I’ll tell you how Summer unwittingly came to possess an item of great power,”
*****
Thank you for reading!

 |**[WP] No one believed you when you told them that your four year old got abducted by aliens on your way home from school. Today an alien shows up at your doorstep begging you to save them. Your nasty toddler has taken over the galaxy as its most vicious overlord and only you can make it stop.**
*****
Davis sank down in his brown leathered recliner, he held up the crystal glass containing the amber liquid and toasted the empty room, “Here’s to another lousy day!” he downed it all in one go.

As with every other day in recent memory, he was all alone in his apartment. Ever since the abduction… Davis and his wife had tried to mend the relationship, but they just couldn’t. Erica never managed to shake the sneaking suspicion that Davis had something to do with Summer’s disappearance, “Aliens?!” she would shout, “You expect any sane person to believe that? Just admit that you lost her, it was your fault!”

He chased away the memory with another glass of 16-year-old Lagavulin Single Malt.

Davis had been driving home with Summer on a late night when he had been blinded by a bright flash of light, it was almost too cliché to have happened to a real person, but real it was. A being with two heads had paralyzed him with a projectile weapon and abducted his daughter, his vision burning the shape of the alien against the bright light into his mind, as it ran up the ramp with one of the few things he still cared about. That was six years ago.

Like Erica, the local police didn’t believe his story either, but they couldn’t find any evidence linking him to the abduction, “Of course not!”, Davis would say, “They flew away into the skies, you dolts!”

He cringed at how insane that must’ve sounded, but it was the truth, damn it. 

Davis was just about to swap out his glass for the entire bottle when he heard the doorbell to his apartment making a familiar annoying ring, “Ding-dong, Ding-dong”. He steadied himself against the coffee-colored bookshelf and wobbled towards the infernal sound.

Davis couldn’t believe it, there he was, there was no mistaking it, the alien with two heads. The alien attempted to speak, but six years of pent up rage caused Davis to instinctively throw the alien into his apartment with wild abandon, “It’s you! Give me back my little girl you son of a—”

The alien threw up his hands defensively, “Wait, wait just a moment!”

“You took her!” Davis threw a book from a nearby table that doubled as a shoe-shelf at the prone man who tried to scurry away from him.

“No, well— Yes, it’s complicated!” the alien dodged another book aimed at his heads.

Untamed rage mixed with sleep deprivation seeped into every utterance Davis made, “I’ll kill you!”

“Let me explain, it’s a good story, I’m sure you will understand!”

Davis threw the alien against his glass sofa-table, it easily scattered into a million pieces, he began strangling one of the heads, “Could you not do that!” the alien protested with his other head, he knocked Davis backwards.

“Your daughter is alive and well!” the alien blurted before Davis could lunge at him again.

His baby girl was still alive, that fact stopped him dead in his tracks, “What? What did you just say?”

The alien breathed raggedly from both heads, “I tried telling you the moment the door opened… I see now where she gets it from,” 

“Gets… what?”

“Davis, you lunatic,” one head said, still breathing heavily, “the galaxy needs you to save it, damn it all!” said the other.

Davis tried his best to sober up, but each word out of the alien sounded completely absurd, “I don’t understand what you’re saying, what could I possibly do to save the galaxy?”

“We need you to reign in your demon spawn of a child, you bastard,”

“Who, Summer? She was the sweetest child—”

“Yes, bloody Summer, she’s taken over this entire galaxy already, in just six years! Her eyes are now set on Andromeda,” the alien said, “She’s relentless, nobody can stop her!” the other head chimed in. 

Davis accepted that this might be one more of his alcohol fueled nightmares, but no matter, his answer would always be the same, “Take me to her!” he demanded.
*****
Thank you for reading!**[EU] You are the greatest auditor the IRS has ever seen. You come in to work one morning and find a single black folder on your desk instead of a pile of manila ones. The Post-It on the front simply says "GOOD LUCK." You open the envelope and see your next client--Ron Swanson.**
*****
Preface from my original story reply on Writing Prompts:

Alright guys and gals, I'm not sure I can do the great man justice (but then, who can?), but I gave it a shot. I must also confess that I've never been audited, so if that part seems wrong, please correct me. Also note that Ron doesn't respect the IRS person, that's why he misuses his name.
*****
“Here goes nothing,” Dillon mumbled to himself before knocking on the office door belonging to Ron Swanson. He heard a grunt from the other side and took that as permission to enter.

“Hello Mr. Swanson, I am Dillon from the IRS—”

Dillon was met with the stern gaze of a brown-haired man, fully equipped with a thick well-groomed moustache, Ron looked down towards the ground behind his desk, “Thank you for being here, let’s get started!” he said.

Well, this didn’t seem to be so bad, Dillon thought, “Great! I propose we start with why you’ve written off such a massive amount of ink—"

Ron pulled up a burger from the local grill and took a massive bite out of it, “You’re still here? I was talking to the burger,”

“Mr. Swanson, I feel you’re not taking this seriously, wait,” Dillon looked around the office in confusion, “you don’t have a tax attorney present?”

“I’m representing myself, Chester, I don’t need another man to speak for me,” Ron didn’t flinch, and he had the most serious look plastered on his face, Dillon didn’t think it was wise to press the issue.

“Ah-ha, all right,” Dillon nervously chuckled, “well, Mr. Swanson, the amount you’ve deducted for printer-ink doesn’t make sense for normal usage, can I see the printer?”

Still holding his stern gaze, Ron gave Dillon a curt answer, “No.”

“Mr. Swanson… I strongly suggest you hinder the IRS as little as possible,”

“Fine,” Ron said, reluctantly standing up, “It’s right outside, in the hallway,”

They soon arrived at the large office printer, a shredder had been skillfully mounted to it in such a way that every paper that exited the printer, entered the shredder.

“What the hell is this, Mr. Swanson?”

“Beautiful, isn’t it? I architected this solution myself,” 

The machine beeped and started printing, the paper promptly entered the shredder, making angry gnawing noises. 

“I was told that I was being… inefficient,” Ron beheld his creation with sparkling eyes before looking back at Dillon, “at first I was very flattered, until it became clear that they meant I was doing poorly,”

“So!” Ron slapped the printer with his large right hand, “I took one of the steps out of the process of printing government documents, through the power of automation!”

Jerry entered the hallway, “Oh come on, Ron! Why?” he cursed as he went back to his desk to re-configure where he sent his papers again.

Ron looked at Dillon and spoke in a lower tone of voice, “Somebody has been going around the office, dismounting the shredders, can you believe it? I’ve instructed April to go around the office and re-mount these suckers at random intervals during the day,” Ron said, giggling like a school-girl.

Ron clapped his hands together, “Anyway, Adrian, now that you see that the printer is being used efficiently, I feel that this concludes our interaction together,”

Ron walked back to his office door, Dillon still standing in the hallway in utter shock, “Feel free never to visit again,”

“Wait, Mr. Swanson, there’s still several items left, office food spending— a grotesque amount has been spent on steaks and bacon—" 

The door to Ron’s office slammed shut.
*****
Thank you for reading!