Leebeewilly
Originally posted September 25th, 2019  ]

Inspired not only by this TT, but by this ! 

You may recognize Pim from 


---

Pim gazed into the fiery portal burning in rippling rings where the hearth-fire had been.  

“There are lessons that cannot be taught,” Ozor said. “They must be experienced. Remembered.” A rumble resonated the conjurer’s throat. 

Pim gulped. 

But through the portal was no dark landscape. Tall trees clouded the sky in shades like fire. The scent of honey-sweet blossoms trickled with scarlet leaves. The portal itself did not scald Pim as he neared. Its gentle warmth welcomed, like a downy blanket. 

Pim closed his eyes, gripped the strap of his satchel. He was no grand adventurer. The paths he traversed were scribed on parchment.

Still, he stepped through.

“Where is this?” Pim dared to ask. 

Ozor shrugged. “That is for you to learn.” With speed belied by Ozor’s age, he hopped through the portal. 

“Am I to find something?” 

Ozor’s smile turned malevolent. “Your way, *apprentice*.” 

With a thundering of Ozor’s staff on stone, the portal snapped shut. Pim gaped at where the fireplace had been. All that greeted him was the brook. 

*My way?* Pim frowned and hugged his bag close. In it, he carried a snack of cheese, a modest water skein, and of course *Lotham’s Nine Laws on the Conjunction of Elemental Conjuration*. 

He looked to the untamed forest and his gut knotted. The trees weren’t like any in Ozor’s encyclopedias. They were too tall. Too red. 

He was very far from home. 

Pim leafed through the pages of his book. *“While a conjurer creates something from nothing, the something is in the visage of a thing. Only nothing comes from nothing, and we must always strive to conjure something. We treat the somethings as “the source”. There is always a source.”*

He closed the tome and started for where the babbling brook babbled. After all, there had to be a source. 

Pim stopped when a flutter caught his eye. Little wingèd things, not butterflies, but more squat figures shaped like man. As they drew nearer, their chattering became clear.

The first in blue. “This one is new, yes?”

The second, like plums. “Another fool, you think?”

The third fae orange. “He could be different than the rest?”


Blue, “I rather like his hair.”

Plum, “And the book, so *neat*.”  

Orange, “Do you think he’s like to share?”


Giggles floated and Pim held *Lotham’s Nine Laws* tight. 

Blue, “Show us your tome.”

Orange, “And we’ll spare you a treat!”

Plum, “Surely to send you home.“


Pim looked between the fae. He didn’t trust their hungry eyes or rhymes. But one wrong turn in the strange trees and he could be lost. 

Reluctantly, Pim held it out. The three crowded the cover, their hands running along the spine. With little nods, they assembled before Pim. 


Blue. 

“Don’t drink the water.

Don’t trust the trees.”

Orange. 

“You’ll find paths wind, 

To swallow your time.”


Plum.

“And you’ll never, *ever* leave.”

They fluttered off and in silence, Pim looked to the quaking trees. Truly, this was his worst test yet. 

> WC: 500

I had loads of great critiques to do better on this piece, and will probably update both Pim stories going forward. May turn into a fun narration project, who knows!Originally posted September 5th, 2019  ]

We can all thank/blame /u/breadyly for what is about to transpire.  

Restrictions: No word can be used twice (excluding articles like 'a' 'an' 'the'). I maaaay have skirted the challenge with plurals. weeeeee!

Also, because I saw no other way around it - Poetry. Take that, baked goods! 

Heavily inspired by both the IP and MP this week. Also, I will probably edit this many times before next campfire. Many. Many. Many times. 

Edit: Want to hear it? ! You can listen to this on my .


---

&nbsp;

Disappearing edges into a wisped dawn

Shades of who we once were lost beyond.	

&nbsp;

Low horizons muddied, dusk ensnared		

Without end or beginning, no mortal spared.

&nbsp;

Mind, body, soul, all led astray 		

Down paths changed once crossed in baffling haze.

&nbsp;

Though you, beloved, walk on proud	

As though shade and shadow cannot shroud.

&nbsp;

Will Death find her? Can the gray see in mists?

A stalling breath, ashen clawed, sharply grips	

&nbsp;	

But I follow. I’ll chase over whispered winds,

Even grave’s aspect’ll not bolster the din.	

&nbsp;

Love, mine spirit, beating heart within,	

Hold this hand, coiled promise, at the touch of skin	

&nbsp;

Know together we’ll walk, amidst eclipsed days,	

Two souls challenging the terrible one way. 

&nbsp;

> WC: 119Originally Post May 26th, 2019 - ] ]

Soooo minor content warning - shit got dark fast. If you're not into dark, please feel free to skip. Lines for space so you can bail-sauce.



&nbsp;

---

&nbsp;

---

&nbsp;

---

&nbsp;

---

&nbsp;


The taste of ash filled her mouth. Beneath Nraveh the forest reached to her, thin vines slithering around her skin. In seconds the vines moved to purpose renewing and feeding the flesh to repair what had been done. 

Burnt logs tumbled from the pile as Nraveh climbed, the scorched pillar still looming above. *A dream?* She looked to her naked skin as the last of her flesh restitched and the vines devoured what she could sense as lingering pain behind a thick veil. 

Beside her, another pillar stood. A husk in the shape of a man remained.

*Ruzik!* Her breath stalled. Ash choked her voice. Beneath her feet, the heat of the last embers burned her new flesh the forest knit. 

*No.* “Lo-na?” Nraveh choked out. 

At the base of her pillar, the bundle was gone. Small charred bones had fallen through the pyre. Yet the thin chain of metal that Ruzik had hammered into shape for Lona, glimmered in the rising embers.

“The Witch!” Alderman Yolith called from ahead of the crowd. “You see she rises from the ashes, burned but not gone! The work of ill magic, the work of evil!” 

The vines trickled up Nraveh’s legs across her new skin. Beneath the vines the tremble started, her fingers clenching into shaking fists. From behind new strands of ash stained hair, her eyes welled. 

*Lona...* Nraveh tried to remember her daughters laugh. Only screams remained. 

The embers sparked, the deepest core smoldering in spent logs. The smoke stoked in her fury. The vines shrunk away, pulling from her skin, and in their absence, the burning returned. 

*"The forest, child. Do you hear us?"* In Nraveh’s mind Kythiba, the witch of the woods, whispered. *"Let the forest bring you home to us and leave the world of man and their flames."* Kythiba stood in the shadow of the willows beyond the small village. 

*"There is nothing left here. Let the fire go."* 

“Grab her, take her to the river,” the alderman hollered. “Bind her with stones and-”

Smoke rippled into flame. 

*"No, child. You musn’t-"*

Nraveh turned from the bones. The white tendrils of the forest retreated into the soil, recoiling from the cinder her steps burned to the earth. 

*"Please,"* Kythiba begged. *"The forest chose you."* 

Nraveh extended her arm. Where the vines had slithered beneath her skin reviving all that the pyre had taken, heat now pulsed. Thin flickering fires surged within Nraveh. 

“Burn.” The word pushed past her lips as a puff of smoke. Her arm was afire, her finger a guide. 

The Alderman lit to flame. His skin billowed before those around him could scream. The shingles of their homes sparked and cracked. The fences, the roofs, the very earth beneath their feet. As if born from the air, fire encircled the village and spread. Licking flames scorched man and tree alike. 

“Burn.” The rage and agonizing grief seeped from Nraveh into the earth itself and engulfed the village of Holhep in ash. 

> WC: 499]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

----
A low chuckle announced Laurence as he approached the fire. Wiping his face, he smiled wide at the light burning out before him. 

“The bitch will live.” Droplets of blood and spit stained the skin of Laurence’s neck. 

“What'd she do, cough on you?” Tish asked with a laugh.

“No, just a bit of spit. To be honest I expected more fight.” Laurence still looked amused. His eyes turned to the pile Tish rummage through near a slew of emptied packs. “What’d they have?” 

Tish sat back on her haunches. “Water from the river. They filled up some canteens and empty plastic bottles before we got there. Topped up the last when we were leaving. It should be enough for two to three days if they’re careful. We could spread the supplies through their packs to make ours lighter. But only if we dump the junk they’re carrying.” She picked up a soggy teddy bear with two fingers and pulled it away from the pile. 

“No, we need to keep what’s ours with us. Don’t want pack mules dipping into our supplies.” Laurence looked to Shannon. “Food?”

“Not a lot. Tins of beans.” Shannon shook the can in his hand, tapping the side of it with a can opener and a gleam in his eyes. “Bottle openers, baby food. They grabbed the best stuff but it’s fuckall heavy.” 

Laurence nodded. “Split up the heavy junk but give us the bulk of the best.” 

“You want us to carry that much food?” Shannon frowned. “Pain in the ass if you ask me.”

“Deal with it. I’d rather have it in a pinch. Tish,” He turned to her and the pile. “Make sure they have the excess water. We know how to find more.”

She nodded. “It rained a few days back so we should be good.” She started to section off the food and water into piles. 

“What about meds?” Laurence asked, turning to Reid.

Reid had a pack in front of him, opened and riffled through. “Nothing of note. The old man carried this though; bag with some expired over the counter painkillers.” As he cataloged the pack, the bottles jingled. “The clean gauze on her neck, one of those travel sewing kits, a pocket knife and some handy wipes. I think they were using them for sterilization, which was a shit idea. Our stuff is better and it might keep them happy if we don’t steal all of their crap.” 

“If it isn’t heavy, we could take some-” 

Laurence cut Shannon short. “If we’re good, we’re good.”

“Then there’s these.” Tish leaned over a pile of weapons. They weren’t much to look at and what could be useful was in bad repair. “A couple of kitchen knives, an ax head and its broken handle. The lady’s shovel-”

“Tried to pry it from her but she looked ready to take my fuckin’ head.” Shannon sucked air in between his teeth as he fished out a travel spoon. 

“No guns,” Tish went on. “Unless you count the broken one the kid-”

“Gun?” Laurence looked up from the fire to the pile. “What gun?”

“It’s broken,” Reid assured him. 

“I don’t give a shit if it’s broken.” Their leader’s cruel eyes turned to Shannon. “You were supposed to collect all of their goddamn weapons.” 

“Don’t look at me.” Shannon shrugged before waving at Reid. “I had it before Tight Ass here gave it back.”

A frustrated sigh left Reid’s lips as a smug grin lit Shannon’s. 

“They lost their dad, Laurence. Can’t we give them a break? It’s broken.” Tish looked to Shannon and slapped his shin with a full bottle of water. “_Right_?”

Reluctantly, he nodded. “Yeah, the thing’s a piece of crap.” 

“Doesn’t mean we can’t use it later.” Laurence’s lips tightened and his brow furrowed. “You all know we’ve got supplies at the college and could fix it up.” 

“We don’t need more guns,” Reid sighed. 

“The hell we don’t!” In an instant Laurence turned towards the medic. “We need every damn edge we can get. So what you’re doing to do is-”

“I’m not taking that kid’s gun.” 

Shannon sat up a little straighter. “I’ll do it.” 

With a careful, dominant step Laurence drew nearer to Reid. “What did you say?” 

Barely a foot between them, Reid refused to move. He didn’t say a word. He didn’t have to. He met Laurence’s borrowing glare, Reid’s just as focused, his own scowl unyielding.

A small smirk graced Laurence’s lips after a tense minute of silence. 

“If the kid dies you’re going back to fish that fucking gun out of his pockets.” Laurence didn’t wait for Reid to respond before turning to the fire. 

_It’s just a fucking gun_. They had dozens back at the college. Better ones. Rifles, shotguns, more reliable pistols. They’d left with the best and, had Shannon not lost the rifle a month back, they’d have come back with them too. He couldn’t help but wonder what kind of a difference Laurence thought one stupid gun would make. 

_It’s not about the gun_. Read stepped back as Laurence gave up the fight. For now. 

After Shannon opened a tin of beans and scooped himself a few spoonfuls, the tin made it around their small fire. Tish took it in hand but seemed to hesitate, her eyes looking back to the embers that glimmered a dozen feet away. 

“So, I’ve gotta ask,” she started. Her eyes looked first to Reid and he frowned. Then she turned to Shannon who motioned, grandiosely, for her to continue. “Why are we bringing them?” Her voice dropped and she cast another quick glance over her shoulder at the stragglers. 

Laurence raised an eyebrow at the question but didn’t answer. Instead he licked his lips and pulled out an aluminum water bottle to take a slow drink. 

“Why take on the risk?” Reid pressed when Tish seemed to give up on the inquiry. 

Laurence stopped drinking and cast a dark look in his direction. 

“You know I’m right. They’re a drain on supplies. They’ll slow us down. We’re looking at screaming kids that’ll give our position away the moment they’re spooked. The adults are either too scared or incapable of defending themselves and their kids. In a real fight they’d be-”

“Cannon fodder.” The words dropped from Laurence in low tones.

Frowning, Reid looked between Laurence and the kids. _He… isn’t kidding._

“I intend to survive and taking her-” Laurence motioned back to Ashley “back while she could walk, we could do it. Keep her tied up. Hell, she probably had enough supplies for herself. We could manage. But then she went and got bit-”

Shannon spat into the fire. “Fuckin’ rookie move.”

Tish kicked Shannon’s shin. 

“You don’t mean to use them-” Reid tried to explain it away but Laurence cut him short. 

“They can carry their own water. They can have just enough food to keep moving. We don’t run into trouble and they luck out on a safe home at the college. Maybe even get the fuck outta here. But if trouble comes,”

Reid stepped up to Laurence. “You sick son of a-”

Laurence grabbed Reid by the scruff of his shirt, and they scuffled back a step. Tish and Shannon jumped to their feet, as did a few shadows by the ember fire. 

“Yeah, Lavelle. They’re fodder.”

“Get the fuck off of me!”

“What happens if you or Shannon dies?” Laurence went on without pause. His voice was a whisper, low enough for only the four of them to hear. “Or one of you gets sick? Whose gonna carry you? Better yet, who helps me carry her? Did you forget why we’re here? She is the fucking priority. _We_ don’t matter. _They_ don’t matter. Those kids are here for when shit hits the fan. We keep them fed just enough that when the wendigos come they have something small, squealing, and ripe enough to keep them off my goddamn back.”

“Jesus christ, Laurence. That…” Tish pleaded from behind. 

“Who the hell do you think you are?” Reid said, trying to push Laurence back.

“They’re a means to an end. This is what you signed up for.”

Shannon stepped closer. “Not to use kids as fuckin’ bait.”

Laurence laughed and his hot breath filled Reid’s nose. “But leavin’ them in the woods is fine?” Laurence finally tore his eyes from Reid to look between Tish and Shannon. “You have no problem doing that knowing it’s the same damn thing. They die. At least this way they help the rest of us survive.” In a gruff motion Laurence pushed himself away from Reid. “And it’s not just us.”

Tish relaxed, as did Shannon, as shame flickered across their faces in the dim light. 

But Reid’s chest went on pounding, pulsing with hot fury in his veins. 

“If you want to play hero, if the wendigos come and you want to take care of that lot-” Laurence’s finger shot out to the ember fire where the stragglers watched in silence- “fine. But I’m taking her and I’m getting the fuck out of this place. If you want to survive, this is what it takes.”

There was no arguing the point but Reid couldn’t stand next to the man. He straightened his jacket and moved away from the fire, putting as much distance as he could between himself and Laurence. 

Leaves crunched beneath his feet against the asphalt. The small park’s parking lot, just beyond the highway, was as safe a spot as they were going to find to rest. In the morning they’d take to the road and cover as much ground as they could. If they kept quiet they just might make it back alive. _But how many of us…_

He crouched before his charge and pulled her hair aside. A trickle of blood stained her lips in stark contrast to the pale tones of her skin. With each touch her eyes flickered with fleeting seconds of awareness before she slumped back into the tree. 

“Don't die on us.” Pulling away the ripped sweatshirt he lifted the gauze on the wound. It was still bleeding but the flow seemed to slow and the gauze wasn’t sopping. 

As the impromptu medic he’d seen his fair share of bites. He knew when someone was gone and when someone could fight it. Shannon had been scratched but would live, his immune system was strong. But this woman confused him. 

The bite was deep and the wendigo that bit her was in an advanced state of decay. There was blood to blood in the bite. She should have turned in minutes.Instead, several hours after she was bit, he looked down at a living breathing woman. Severely ill but her pulse still throbbed when he pressed a finger to her jugular. 

_No rhyme or reason to you is there?_ Not four months before he’d watched a man three times her size turn in less than five minutes to a bite not half as severe. The memories of each man and woman he watched turn fluttered to the forefront of his mind. The more faces he carried the harder it was to remember them as distinct amidst the shades of pallid fever. At first he assumed she'd be another visage of death but now he wasn't so sure. 

For a while she didn't move. He wiped away the blood that mixed with spittle on her face, the medic careful to avoid getting it on his skin. 

The face he cleaned was unmistakable as the one on the infamous posters. Ashley Cazalla; thief, political radical, and the only person of interest in the release of the most deadly pathogen the world had ever known. Murderer of millions, the mother of all wendigos. Here she was in front of him, infected, wounded but not dying. 

An uncomfortable thought solidified and he frowned. _Something about this isn't right._




---


Thank you for reading! If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions. I love interacting with readers. 


]  — ]]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

----

“She's been bitten.” Reid stood over Ashley Cazalla, her hands cuffed behind the thin tree. Blood dripped from her shoulder down the front of what looked like an old school sweatshirt, the lettering long faded. Up close she couldn’t be older than mid twenties, he guessed. From the faint scar that trailed from her cheek to her neck and into the bite, it didn’t seem like the world had been kind. _Predates infection,_ Reid decided from the faded colour. _Years old._ Though Reid would be hard pressed to find a measure of sympathy for her. 

“I'm not blind. I was there.” Laurence scratched his beard. As sweat beaded on his forehead, he took in a heavy breath. “But this is our ticket. Like hell are we going to just leave her here.”

Reid knelt, took Ashley’s chin in his hand, and tilted her face up. He wiped the hair from her dark eyes and lifted the lids. _Pupils dilated, eyes bloodshot._ She was pale, had a fever, but it was hard to tell if she was fighting the infection or succumbing to it.

“She's not going to live, Laurence.” Or so experience assured Reid. “It’s a goddamn miracle she's lasted this long.” His hand fell away, her face dropped, and her dirt crusted hair, mixed with sweat, hid her sickly eyes again.

“Well, don't let her die, for chrissake,” Laurence huffed. 

Reid frowned. “What do you think I can do about that? If she’s infected, she’s _infected_. ” He stood and stalked away from Laurence, relishing the chance to clear his head. After hiking out of the woods, carrying her in a makeshift stretcher with Shannon for over an hour, Reid spent two more waiting. Checking her pulse, her temperature, the wound, her eyes. After weeks of tracking they finally found her, _all that work for this?_

Approaching the fire Reid’s frown relaxed before he spread the barely lit wood to kill the flames.

“Oh, come on,” Tish moaned while crouched by the embers. She was new, only with them for three hunts, but she was a good tracker and damn skilled with that machete. Few had the balls to volunteer to go beyond the safety of the college walls, he had to give her that. 

“We haven't had a good fire since we started this job,” she said. Tish was smart but there was that challenge in her eyes. It glimmered in the firelight, waiting for Reid to say something, begging for a fight. There was none of that necessary fear they needed to stay alive. Either she didn’t know any better, or she didn’t care to. _Question is, which is worse?_

“Why do you think those people got attacked? We don't need to draw the same kind of attention,” Reid said. 

Looking up from the fire, he spied what Shannon had taken to call “tourists”. The clump of survivors tagging along. It took seconds for Reid to guess who would be useful and who would die in next attack. _But what does it matter?_ He turned from the small, tired faces and kicked the fire once more. “This all could be for nothing now if she dies.” 

“Let her,” Shannon muttered. “Finding her was such a fuckin’ hassle, and now that she’s bite, she's nothing but trouble. Soon she'll be like the other wendigos.” 

Slumped over his arm, Shannon fussed with the scratch on his forearm. First chance he’d had, Reid took a quick look at it and there were no signs of infection. Healthy enough, Shannon wouldn’t succumb to infection. Only bites and blood contamination were sure things. But just steps away some of the children watched, their eyes wide. Like they could catch the infection if Shannon wandered too close. That unfounded fictionalize fear would keep them from sleep, and slow them all down. 

When Shannon swore, one of the women covered a young girl’s ears as whispers and questions danced on tiny lips. 

“Shut up!” Shannon got up, his face firmly set in a frown. “I'm not one of them you little-”

“Shan, back off.” Laurence didn't turn, barely raised his voice but it carried the short distance and everyone quieted. 

Reid glared at Laurence's back where the stocky man had bent by Ashley. _He won't get a word from her._ But Reid knew that didn't matter, they didn't need her talking, hell they didn't need her conscious. Just alive.

Movement turned Reid's attention back to the “tourists”. One of the teens stood, despite hands reaching to hold him back, and approached the fire. He was dirty and despite the determination in his eyes, the boy couldn't hide the quake of fear shining. His hand lingered over the empty holster at his side, the boy making a point to approach Shannon. 

“I want it back,” the teen said coolly, his voice surprisingly strong. His stare looked down to the gun tucked in Shannon’s belt.

“Oh you mean this?” Shannon took the gun and twirled it with a devilish smile before returning it to his side. “I suggest you shut the fuck up about it. It's no good, anyway. Piece of shit’s broken and looks like a goddamn antique. Bet it never worked, did it?”

Rolling her eyes, Tish stood. “Stop messing around with them. It’s not funny anymore.” 

Shannon rolled his eyes and continued twirling the gun by the trigger guard. 

“If it's broken why not give it back?” Tish asked. 

Shannon and Tish went back and forth on the subject while the boy stood there, staring. _What was his name... Ethan?_ Reid only remembered from hearing Ashley scream it by the river. _How had she known it?_ Reid frowned. 

The kid looked to be the oldest of the children but that wasn't saying much. Maybe one or two were in their teens, the rest ten and younger. They could all walk on their own, run, that much must have kept them alive. 

They weren’t all related to the adults with them, though. Their faces were too different and they didn’t clump together. It painted a story, one all too familiar beyond safe walls. Orphans. The men and women probably took them in out of pity, a need for purpose, for darker things, or, more likely, there had been more adults before. More like the dead fool on the beach and these kids were all that remained. 

But Laurence didn’t have soft spots. He didn’t pity. They served no purpose and from what Reid had seen, Laurence wasn’t a pervert. _Why the hell are we carting them back with us?_ The plan was never to take on survivors and they had left their fare share of needy behind. _So why them?_

Their presence gnawed at Reid and he tried to suss-out Laurence’s plan. He could press the issue but, that’d piss the big man off. So far Laurence kept him alive and maybe that was enough.

“I want my gun back,” Ethan piped up again, standing apart from the children, women, and men who looked beaten and tired. “It's mine and if you can't use it... give it back.” His eyes were red and even in the poor light Reid could tell he'd been crying. 

“How bad do you want it?” Shannon stood with eyes glimmering of mischief. “What are you willing to do for it? Cuz I think I left something back at the beach.” 

“Leave him alone!” A young girl stood next to Ethan, her face round and framed with pigtails. His sister, if Reid had to guess. They looked enough a like. 

“Ethan, leave it be,” his mother cooed, shovel still in hand. She clung to it for dear life, her eyes rarely drifting away from their wounded prey. Waiting, poised to smash Ashley’s infected head in the first chance she’d have. 

Reid’s patience was wearing thin. _Fucking domestic bullshit. This is why I left._ Walking to Shannon, Reid snatched the broken weapon from his hands. 

“The fuck, Reid?” Shannon spat. 

Reid walked the gun back to Ethan.

“It stays holstered. Got it?” He held it out and for a moment the boy stared at the hunk of metal in his hand. The hammer was missing and Reid guessed Shannon had been right, it had never worked. “I don't care if it doesn't fire. I don't want to see it. If I do it's gone.” 

Looking down at the boy Reid had a hard time remembering what it was like to be a kid. Sure, there were memories, but the feelings seemed clouded. Masked by all the bullshit, all the horror. Staring at Ethan though, Reid couldn’t imagine what he’d be like if his childhood had been… all this. 

With a solemn nod Ethan took the weapon and slipped it into the ill fitting holster. He turned back to his mother, sister in tow beside him.

“I was having fun with that,” Shannon complained, but he always found something to bitch about.

“Grow the fuck up Shan, they lost their Dad,” Tish said as she prodded the embers. 

In response, Shannon huffed and leaned into the fire, curses whispering on his lips.



---


Thank you for reading! If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions. I love interacting with readers. 


]  — ]Back due to popular demand: Cupcake Girl! 

This is a set of characters that are reappearing in TT posts. You can check out the other stories here on the subreddit!

] ] ]


---


The phone’s back-light lit the small corner of the hedge-maze. Dan swiped through messages and articles to stave off boredom. He only looked up when he heard footsteps on the corn husk covered path. 

Red and orange floodlights in the hedge highlighted Cody as she ambled along. Dan grinned and pulled down the bloodied hockey mask. 

Cody turned onto the path and walked right to the dead end. Hands on her hips, she huffed as Dan snuck behind. He pressed play on his phone and tucked it in his pocket as the sounds of a chainsaw roared. 

With a shriek, Cody spun around. Genuine terror rippled across her face and he instantly regretted it. 

“Wait,” he called as she hurried past. Dan grabbed her wrist, slipping his mask off with the other hand. “It’s me!” 

Cody’s fear drained from her eyes. “Holy shit, you’re an asshole!” She laughed and smacked his shoulder.

“Couldn’t help it. You okay?”

She nodded and seemed to calm a little. “What the hell are you doing here?” she said, waving at the seven-foot hedge around them. 

“My job? It’s why I asked to meet at ten. After my shift.”

“Oh. That makes sense. I uh, I guess I’m really early.” A blush rosed her cheeks. “Thought I’d kill time in the maze. 

“Wait, why are you *here*? At the dead-end?”

“The parking lot’s just on the other side. Loads of people get to the dead end and cut through the hedge. Know how long it takes for these things to grow back?”

A laugh erupted from Cody and Dan felt himself smile. 

“It’s kinda fun too and I’ve worked here since I was a kid.”

“Well.” Cody bit her lip. “I guess I should find my way out and let you *work*.” 

“You could stay,” Dan blurted. 

Cody turned her head to the side, eyes a little narrowed. He liked it when she did that like she was solving a problem.
 
“It’s pretty fun, scarring kids and guilting them into not destroying the hedge.” 

Her eyes narrowed a little more and Dan’s smile died. 

“I mean, my shifts almost over and I swear I won’t be wearing this.” He looked down to his fake-blood-stained overalls. As another slew of excuses readied to blurt, Cody broke into a laugh. 

“You had me at scarring kids.” 

Dan led her to his hiding spot in the hedge. “Here.” He handed Cody the mask. She tried to put it on, but it slipped down to her neck.

In the quiet Dan’s nerves pricked. He looked at that half-smirk she wore, that smile in her eyes. It started in his palms, that thin line of sweat. He’d dated before, loads of girls, but he’d never felt like this. Never... nervous.

Dan swallowed as he leaned in. 

Cody tilted her head up. “I hear someone coming.” She breathed the words against his lips.

“Don’t care.” 

Dan felt her smile and light chuckle in their first kiss. 

> WC: 495

---
 As always, I love critiques. I had some great feedback from campfire this week on both stories and may update these with corrections as time goes on. Who knows, maybe even expand them a bit!]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

----

The conversation died in the wind and Ashley backed away from the pit. 

_It’s better this way. People complicated things._ No matter how many times she tried, the more people there were, the harder it was to survive. 

She tugged her sweater closer and let out a steady breath. _Head southeast, follow the river. Hole up by the lake then keep moving_. If her pursuers kept up she hoped she might be able to lose them deeper in the valley, maybe make it all the way to the water. Ashley could guess where a few boats might be tucked away. It was a risk, but something to work towards, somewhere to run. 

A snap crackled the air behind her. Ashley stopped. It wasn’t the wind, as nothing else around her moved. 

_Waited too long._

In her dawdling, her pursuers must have picked up their pace and closed the distance. There were mere moments to weigh her options and she reviewed her mental map. _East side of the river? _She traced the lines from memory; seven months prior, she’d trudged through the Green Belt. Seven months was a long time and the landscape could have changed. River’s didn’t move but ridges, paths, bridges, and trails could be remade and overgrown. 

She heisted and her fingers flexed. All directions in the dark would prove perilous in a hurry. Her mental map useless, she couldn’t keep lying to herself. They wouldn’t give up. She wasn’t going to make it to the lake, not easily. 

“Don’t move,” the man barked from ahead. 

While Ashley had watched from the shadows, she’d memorized their names and faces. The big one was Laurence and she guessed he was their leader from the way he talked to the others. Laurence issued orders and his words were final. He’d seemed comfortable in the wilds, and only two types people ever were: the cautious and the callous. 

Tish pushed through the brush to stand next Laurence, machete in hand. A smile glimmered on her lips barely visible in the dark. Though thin, she was a wiry knit of muscle. Fast, Ashley guessed. Lethal, more likely. 

Behind Ashley, there was more movement. _Two more makes four._ She didn’t turn to know it was Reid and the mouthy one, Shannon. _Would it be easier if I didn’t learn their names?_

“Hand’s up.” Shannon inched towards her, his gun level with her shoulders. 

“Ashley fucking Cazalla.” Laurence chuckled with his shotgun dangling limply from his arm. “We’ve been looking for you.” 

“I thought I was pretty clear.” She turned to glare at Reid, who lingered behind Shannon. “You won’t find what you’re looking for. Go the fuck home.” 

“You don’t remember me.” Laurence stepped forward without an ounce of hesitation. He clearly wasn’t scared of her or her threat by proxy. _Maybe Reid didn’t sell it enough. Maybe I should have cut him a bit to convince._

Ashley sighed. “I’m not-” 

“Six months back I was out this way. Little further East if memory serves.” He went on as though they weren’t in the thick of the Rouge, as though there wasn’t any threat in the green around them. 

“Pretty sure I don’t give a shit where you were six-”

“Teag was leading us then. Tall guy, big ass shoulders, and a scar running here to here.” Laurence dragged his finger down the left side of his face and it conjured a man from memory. Tall, like he said. Didn’t talk half as much as Laurence, though.

“He was smart. He could take a hint.” Ashley narrowed her eyes and faced Laurence head-on. 

He chuckled and inched closer. “He was a coward. A few gruff words at the edge of a knife isn’t enough for me to scamper off.” 

“What, think we wouldn’t call your fuckin’ bluff?” Shannon laughed with Laurence, though his voice remained significantly lower. 

Laurence motioned at Tish. “Cuff her.” 

The young tracker fished out a pair of cuffs from her jacket and approached Ashley. “Not interested in this going hard,” Tish said. The anxiety that Laurence lacked oozed from the woman, though she still inched closer. “So just do us all a favour and don’t-”

“Hurry the fuck up,” Shannon bitched behind them. 

He was right. Laurence was completely right. Ashley had flashed a knife and hoped they’d run, but why? What was one person compared to the *things* everywhere? And what were they promised this time? How high did the reward go? A sick curiosity gnawed at her and fixed Ashley in place. Deep, far below the curiosity, the fear, something else stirred. _Maybe it’s finally time to just give-_

A scream cut through the trees and everyone froze. Not the howl of a wendigo, not the cry of a man. A child, a shrill scream of sheer terror. 

“It came from the east,” Reid said, almost as though he didn’t know he spoke. 

_The river._

A breath followed, the quick intake of shock that she held onto. _They’re just kids._ The embers burned in her memory with little smiles circling. _It’s not my fault. I can’t…_

She sucked in a second breath. Ashley needed the oxygen, needed the cool to fill her. There was no way she was going to pass this chance up. 

With a sidestep, Ashley evaded Tish and the cuffs. Before Tish could pull the machete from her belt Ashley pushed her back into Laurence. The gunman at her back swore but didn’t pull the trigger. 

A pair of hands reached for her but she was fast, faster than they could have guessed. She ran full tilt into the dark of the brush. Paying no mind to the path, tree branches slapped and sliced her cheeks and tugged at her clothes. Though the brush remained thick, debris littered the ground. But still, she ran hard and fast, away from the sounds of screams. 

_Can’t save everyone._

The sturdy root caught the toe of her boot and shattered Ashley’s balance. 

Falling, down a slope no less, she blindly tumbled through the brush. When she finally came to a stop, Ashley curled to a ball on the ground. Everything ached, head to ankles, but she managed to right herself. Her clothing matted with leaves and dirt but she didn't waste the time in dusting herself off. Pushing to her feet she turned and swore.

Four wendigos lumbered from the sparse tree line toward the river bank. Though the things were cast in the shape of man, so little of what was familiar remained. Skin hung loose and sagging from desiccated muscle. Flesh was rent and torn in all manner of fashions and the angles at which bones were bent was sickening. Each one decayed differently, but the stench remained the same. Mouldering tissue that, even after years of exposure, still oozed and dripped. What made them people was gone from their eyes and only that hunger, that infectious mission, spurred them on. To consume. To consume everything.

The wendigos drew nearer the flames. The fire was brighter than she was used to and it cast large shadows on the trees. Like a signal, it called the creatures but with squealing people close, there was something more alluring within grasp. 

Two grown men stood with weapons, two women behind them with blunt tools. Beyond an older man, another woman, and the collection of children cowered on the edge of the river. 

_I can still run._ Ashely checked for her pack, its weight temporarily forgotten. It was still there and in it she carried all she would need. _I can still get away._

Shouts on the ridge above her told her the trackers weren’t far behind. _No time to waste on those that can’t be saved._ But fresh blood on her cheek worked against her. 

Two of the creatures turned from the morsels by the river. 

“Fuck.” Ashley reached to her pack and pulled the hatchet free. With a few swings to loosen her wrist, she slowly led the two wendigos from the pack, lest they double.

The closest on the left made a staggering lunge for her. It was slow enough that, even disoriented from her tumble, she swiped her foot out. Her boot met the creature’s shin and it tipped over. Its leg bent in the wrong direction and the snap of its brittle bones breaking crackled. Loose flesh clung with clothing to the degrading muscles. The face of a woman, distorted by decay and violence, looked back with empty inhuman eyes. It gave a brutal howl of pain that Ashley quickly silenced with the blunt end of her hatchet and a single sickening crunch of its soft skull.

The sound of a wendigo dying turned another of the creatures. The one remaining by the bank grappled with the tallest man. 

_I could run,_ she told herself, but Tish emerged from her last open flank and rushed the wendigo nearest Ashley. Tish’s machete sung in the air, swiping into the creature’s leg. Blood hit the sand and stones, thick clotted lumps dripping from the stump where a leg had once been. It teetered and decaying hands reached for Tish, but she evaded its grasp. 

Ashley brought the hatchet down onto the second skull, silencing its mashing maw.

In silent agreement, Tish moved onto the third creature as her three partners emerged behind. But north of the fire pit more wendigos lumbered, drawn to flame and sound. In a matter of minutes, there would be half a dozen more. 

Those armed on the bank tried to block the beasts that made for the children, but they were clumsy and ill-equipped. And a horde threatened to form. 

A shot thundered beside her and Ashley’s ears rang. Laurence’s double-barrel blew apart one of the creatures that came too close. He grinned and reloaded his gun. 

“Steven!” Ethan’s mother screamed, her voice barely heard over the ringing. Ashley turned in time to see one of the creatures grasped tightly onto the tallest man in their group. Though muffled by the wendigo’s body, his wail echoed on the sandbank. Ethan’s mother ran for the thing, metal shovel brandished in hand. She brought it down hard on the rotting skull, a crack breaking through the agonizing scream. Over and over she hammered down until nothing moved. Not even the man. 

_The screams were too loud._ Her voice, his cries, the gunshot. The colour drained from all their faces. While Laurence cursed beside Ashley, the woods began to groan. 

There were more in the trees. There were always more.

Ashley looked between the faces around her. Children. Families. Trackers. Even if chaos broke out, a horde descending, there was so little chance she could survive. Not alone. 

“Fuck…” She looked to the kids and sucked in a breath. “Get in the river!” Ashley yelled and a few of them looked in her direction. 

Ethan and Wendy stood frozen, eyes looked with the lump of flesh beneath their mother’s shovel. 

“Ethan!” Ashley used his name and the teen looked up. “Get them in the fucking river!” The shock drained from his face and he rushed the kids into the water until they were all waist-deep in the swift current.

Tish, Shannon, and Laurence finished off the creatures nearest Ashley with a skill almost matching her own. 

“Behind!” Reid shouted from beyond the fight. 

Ashley frowned. _Why the hell isn’t he helping?_

The breath, stinking of rot, exhaled from useless lungs. It brushed on the back of her neck and the icy grip of sticky, bloodied fingers reached out hungrily. She spun, hatchet in hand, and hacked through the arm of the creature. Instinct had her push the monster away with her boot but she teetered in failing balance. Too far back.

By the dying fire, she stumbled into the waiting wendigos arms. Their hungry hands clutched at her. She swung her hatchet and it dug into the skull, pulverizing what was left of the brain. It was dead, truly dead, yet her weapon got stuck in the meat and bone.

The second wendigo took hold and bit down. 

Ashley's eyes widened. There was pain but more than that, a primal fear. She managed to stifle her cry by biting her lip hard. Chipped teeth ground into her shoulder and ripped at the flesh. The wendigo pulled to take a chunk with it, to eat what bled between its teeth. Ashley’s fist slammed back into the skull and her fingers pried the jaw from her shoulder. The wendigo staggered and a shot split the creature's head. Blood, brain, and skull showered on her pack. 

Fighting dizziness and shock, she tried to catch her breath. The sounds of the other wendigos dying faded against the heartbeat pounding in her head. Blood seeped from the torn flesh into her dark sweater. 

“Are you fuckin’ kidding me?” Shannon yelled. 

“Reid, get the girl. Shannon, make sure the rest are dead. And be quiet about it.” Laurence sneered in her direction. 

Reid finally entered the fray. He ran to Ashley’s side and pressed his hand down on her wound. She couldn't help but groan at the pressure. What little energy she’d had was already draining. It would be a matter of minutes before she passed out. 

Shovel in hand, Ethan’s mother approached with crazed eyes. “We have to kill her,” she demanded through silent tears. Her shovel, stained with blood and hair, trembled in her hands. 

_Have to get away._ The thought urged Ashley to move but Reid kept a firm grip on her shoulder. 

Laurence lifted his shotgun and stepped between Ethan’s mother and Ashley. “That's not your problem, Mam. We can handle this.” 

A quick shout from the vulgar Shannon brought all eyes on him. He pried one of the wounded creature’s fingers from his arm. “Goddamn wendigos,” he hissed.

“You got that, Shan?” Laurence nearly yelled. 

“Yeah, I fucking got this!” Shannon grunted with each swing of his baseball bat until the body no longer stirred. 

“She's infected. In no time she'll be like them.” Ethan’s mother inched nearer. That look in her eyes, that unsettling and familiar mania frightened Ashley more than the exhaustion that waved from her shoulder. “We have to-” 

“Lady’s not wrong. We should get the hell out of here,” Tish warned. Cleaning off her weapon in the water she looked ready with her eyes locked on the trees.

“You can't leave us.” Ethan stepped forward but was quickly hushed by one of the women.

Reid’s grip tightened on Ashley’s shoulder. “We need to move, Laurence. No telling how many more will show.”

Laurence closed his eyes tight before shaking his head. A weighted sigh escaped him. “Tish, pack them up.” 

She hesitated for a moment, eyes darting between Ashley, Laurence, and the children. When he didn’t correct her Tish shrugged and turned to the survivors. 

“What the hell, Laurence, fuckin’ tourists? Might as well paint ourselves red and play tag with the hungry fuckers.” 

“Shut up, Shan. You're not here to think.”

Shannon opened his mouth to protest but shut it. He gathered up the packs and supplies. 

“She has to be killed,” Ethan’s mother started again and Ashley wondered if her voice could get any louder. The infection was spreading as tendrils of sick coursed under her skin with aims of sapping her strength. _Need to get away from these people. Need to…_

“Now is better if you want your friend to-” 

Laurence spat and shook his head. “She's not our goddamn friend.” 

His discerning eyes inspected Ashley’s shoulder like she could see the wheels in his mind turning. If Laurence wanted her dead they wouldn't have brought handcuffs, but the thought wasn't much comfort. A shiver shook her and her knees started to buckle. Thankfully, Reid slipped his arm under her shoulder and took the brunt of her weight. 

“She's already turning!” The woman pointed with the shovel. “Just what the hell do you plan to do with her if she turns?”

“She's not your problem,” Laurence snapped. He looked passed Ethan’s mother to the kids behind. “If you and yours want to live, you follow our rules. Rule fucking 1: She doesn't die. Go it?” 

Ethan’s mother followed Laurence’s eyes to those still alive in their group. With a silent nod, she lowered the shovel. 

“Smart choice.” Laurence lowered his own weapon. “Clean yourselves off, fill up on water, and be ready to go in five. Before we go, you give us your weapons or we leave you here.” He was blunt and cold but Ashley knew they had little time. The scent of blood would travel and, with the screams and gunfire, any wendigos that could move would come. They always came.

Reid held a cloth to her shoulder trying to staunch the blood. _First the weakness. Then the vision._ She blinked through the encroaching blur.

“It doesn't look good, Laurence.” Reid held up her face to his. The last thing she saw before her lids shut tight were Reid’s blue eyes, cold as ice.




---


Thank you for reading! If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions.  


]  — ]]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

----





With palms sticky from sap, Ashley scrambled down the tree trunk. A high perch offered the advantage of sight but that was only in daylight and that had long started to fade. The forest floor crunched beneath her steps and she didn’t have the choice to be careful. Silence for speed, an exchange she grumbled through. Time wasn’t on her side. 

_Why didn’t they just leave? The last ones did_. Seven, maybe eight months earlier Ashley had played the scary ghost, dropped in on a few while the rest were out tracking. Flashed a knife, scared them with threats of blood, guts, and wendigos. They’d packed their bags, scampered off into the wilds, and left her the fuck alone. Never came back, or maybe they didn’t make it back to wherever they came from. The reason had never really mattered to her before. 

This time, these ones didn’t scare so easy. 

She hiked her backpack higher and pushed through the brush. They’d found her trail when she’d tried to hide it, so what good was trying anymore. _I can lose them in the night. Just need to get ahead,_ but she’d repeated the same mantra for three days straight. Still, the Rouge Valley rekindled her hopes. Fall hadn’t yet taken hold of the forest, the trees were thick, the brush tall. She could lose them, or they could lose her, or get lost themselves. And there was always the wendigos. 

_Is it murder if I lead them to their death?_ She frowned at the thought. _No. Murder's about intent, right? But if they keep following..._ Her fingers tightened around the straps of her pack and she soldiered on. 

Ashley liked the place she had set up, a small farmhouse in a hamlet long abandoned. The barn was still intact, come spring she could have looked for some kind of animal to keep, a horse or some random roaming cow. Seeds, soil, everything she’d need to collect rainwater and try to make a real go of it. Live like a person. Clean well water, hell she could have done laundry. 

The memory of the house stung and Ashley scolded herself. _Should have packed up. Should have moved on months back._ But nights spent in a real bed, not her sweatshirt balled up under the stars, but a mattress with pillows and a musty comforter. Walls. A ceiling. It’d been too good to walk away from. 

When she found their over-sized boot prints around her camp in Glenn Major, she should have left. Even though Ashley tried to dismiss them as another group of survivors trudging through the region, she knew better. The weight of the tracks, the little trace they left. They had to be well-armed, trained, and prepared. Simple survivors were none of those.

_Got comfortable. Got lazy._ She’d traded security for warmth, treehouses for brick walls. If it was safe from wendigos, it wasn’t safe from people. 

The brush crackled behind her. They had probably found the perch, her little nest in the tree to pick her path and wait out that last golden hour of light cutting through the trees. In minutes they would pick up her trail and start the quick pace, predictable and persistent. She almost considered trying to fake them out; find the brook, get her feet wet, and walk a while back to lose them. But then what? She’d be wet, it’d be dark, and without a camp she was vulnerable. 

At least, for now, her boots were dry.

&nbsp;



After another hour or so of clamouring through the valley, she spied light glimmering through the trees. Ashley crouched down. Fixed unnatural light, probably a fire she guessed by the way it danced on the leaves. But who else would be crazy enough to camp in the middle of the Rouge? 

Like a moth, she inched to the flames and the low voices called her closer. Kids. Seven of them. The nearer she came the clearer they were. _What the hell are kids doing out here alone?_

“The legend comes from the Natives.” The tallest teen’s voice was low.

“Are they the same as Indians?” a little girl with pigtails whispered. 

“You're not supposed to call them Indians. They're Native Americans.” 

“Cally, shh.” 

“Let Ethan tell the story.”

Cally huffed at the small faces in the circle. “I am! But Indians are from -”

“Shhhh...” The hiss erupted from nearly every set of lips and Cally's small round face disappeared from the light. 

The group settled and their expecting eyes returned to Ethan. Ashley found herself doing the same. 

“The legend is as old as the ground.” His fingertips dipped into the soil, took a clump, and let it drip from his hands dramatically. “They say it used to happen on the coldest nights. The snow would pile up outside and you'd get trapped. Stuck inside for days or weeks, you'd get soo hungry you couldn't think of anything but eating.” His voice was careful with each word. “The kind of winter where there's no food. There’s nothing to hunt and nothing can grow. You can't even light a fire to cook.”

“I miss bread.” One of the smaller boys rubbed his belly.

“Shut up.”

“That's where it came from you know, the disease.” Each time the tallest spoke the soft grumblings and whispers died around him in captured attentions. “Once you catch it, you can't get rid of it. The people, they got so hungry they couldn't stand it. First, they turned on the sick. Then, the weak. Like grammas and grampas.” 

A collective cringe crossed the little glowing faces, some from fear and others from disgust.

“And once you eat flesh you never go back...” His body grew and Ethan extended his arms out until he stood over the group, a blanket draped over his body. 

“A Wendy-go!” Groaning quietly, Ethan lumbered towards the nearest body. A girl flinched with a yelp before quickly clasping a hand over her mouth. 

“Hey! It's Wen-duh-go. And you're wrong, you know. It's not the same thing. They're zombies.” The girl with pigtails lacked the cautious whisper the others used.

“Nuh-uh. I heard Dad calling them Wendy-go's. They're not the dead coming back to life. They're people who go crazy from eating people.”

“It's not the same. People weren't starving. They just went all crazy. So they can't be Wendy-go's.”

“It's Wen-DUH-go! Stop calling them Wendy-go's. You're saying it wrong!” 

The kids snickered and a soft chant grew in the dim light. “Wendy-go, wendy-go”. The littlest girl stood up with a humph and spun around to the darkness, her messy pigtails flopping in the chill night air. From the shadows, a pale hand reached out and gripped her wrist. 

“It's got me!” she screamed. 

Ashley’s body lurched in response. From a crouch, she stood quickly and nearly breached the tree line but the shape became clear. A woman’s hand clasped over the girl’s mouth and the kids all relaxed. 

_Of course, they’re not alone._ Ashley stepped back, glad the shadows still hid her. 

Lingering to watch and listen was a mistake but it’d been so long since she’d seen anyone that wasn’t looking for her. And children… The mother went on scolding the kids and the light of the fire disappeared. Another step back and Ashley couldn’t see them anymore. _It’s not safe._ Her fingers relaxed from the handle of her hunting knife. 

Most of the children cleared from the circle and trundled off from where the woman had come, but the tallest remained with the woman. 

“What on earth were you thinking? I told you to look out for them, Ethan. Not take them off, alone, into the woods to freak them out.” 

“They’re not babies. It’s not like we don’t know what happened. And they like the stories. I don’t get why you’re so angry, Mom, we weren’t even that far away. And until _you_ scared Wendy we were quiet.”

“This isn’t a game. Those things are dangerous. Lethal. You’re a smart boy, Ethan. Don’t pretend you don’t know how dangerous this was. From now on you stay close. No more stories. No more sneaking off.” 

“Fine.” He drew out the sound with all the intended petulance of his youth.

How long had it been since Ashley had heard a fight? Not a struggle for life or death but a fight between a parent and a kid. It sounded to eerily normal. 

_Walk away._ Ashley took a deep breath and didn’t stop walking. _Get away from them. Don’t pretend you don’t know how dangerous this was._

Those kids should never have been so afraid. The story should still be that; fiction. Instead, Ethan’s gruesome fireside tale was something they’d probably all seen first hand.

In the silence of their absence, she ached. Just being near their conversation made her feel more like a person again. It was the most she’d heard another someone say in over a year. Her thoughts turned to the man by the fire, the hunter on his own. The first human to speak to her in six months, if not more. _If I’d just killed him, I’d be-_ Ashley stopped herself. _No. That’s not me. I’m not there yet._

While pushing through the trees, she couldn’t let the word “yet” go.



---


Thank you for reading! If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions.  


]  — ]]

---

#Prologue

Reid turned the stick and the fire stirred. A slight breeze breathed life into the glowing embers for a flickering moment before it died. The sudden warmth radiated from the pit and Reid pushed his hands closer. 

_They’re late_. The others should have been back before the sunset, at least three hours earlier. Reid wasn’t worried about Laurence or Tish and he didn’t really care all that much about Shannon. They each had more than enough experience in the wilds to stay alive, even if they were split up. It was waiting alone by a lit fire that tensed his shoulders and had his hand checking for the knife at his hip. 

There wasn’t much beyond the crack of the fire to give him pause, but Reid scanned the trees around him anyway. He knew beyond the forest lay a few farmhouses, barns, maybe a general store and a gas station. All abandoned. All forgotten by everything but the overgrown brush. He didn’t hunt the darkness for people or animals. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen a raccoon or a squirrel. No, he watched and listened for the shuffle, the groan, the guttural warnings of what used to be men. 

After a few minutes of silence in the winds dying he leaned back into the fallen log and stretched his neck. 

The whole pursuit was a bust, the others just hadn’t admitted it yet. Weeks trudging through the brush, backpacking their way up the Rouge Valley hunting the origin of one cryptic radio message. _“She’s here.”_ That the four of them up and leapt at the chance to track _her_ down hadn’t exactly been the shining testament to their forethought. But they’d tried. They did something. _That sure as hell beats sitting around just waiting for nothing_.

Reid let go of a heavy sigh. “Fucking waste of time.” He tossed a small clump of dried pine needles to the flames and they crackled on the ember bed. 

The plan had been simple: find the source of the signal. Sure enough, they did without much fuss. But the bunker wasn’t much by the time they got there, abandoned or overrun, Reid couldn’t tell. But it had been picked clean. Not an ounce of water, supplies, or ammo to pillage. After, they tried to pick up a trail, something that told them where _she_ would be. 

_All for a fucking myth_. He kicked the stick and the fire turned, small puffs of thick smoke trailing to the sky. A pipe dream. Nothing more than a hollow promise of safety out of the infected zone. 
_Find the girl, find salvation, they said_. As if anywhere in the world had escaped the virus. 

Reid closed his eyes and he could see it. Life before infection. Cities, streets, people everywhere and with them came the noise. Just so much sound forming a gentle hum of electricity, voices, engines that followed him everywhere he went. And that smell - refuse, sweat, and filth. The stink of civilization overpowered memory. After the chaos settled all that was left was that quiet. That suffocating unending silence and the stench of blood he could never seem to get off his hands. 

The fire cracked and his eyes snapped open.

_She’s long dead_, he decided. That or turned into the things that walked in people’s skin. And even if by some weird luck she was alive, Reid had no doubt they wouldn’t find her. They weren’t the first to go looking and they wouldn’t be the last. Not to mention Laurence and his “tracking”, like some guy who lived his whole life in the city could find anyone outside of it.

_They should have made it back by now_. The wind turned and the trees groaned. Their camp wasn’t too far from the small hamlet where they’d found the bunker and the camp shouldn’t have been hard to find. He toyed with the idea of kicking apart the fire, a beacon in the night could draw all kinds of unsightly things. But the trees were thick. The sky cloudy. Despite that, Reid picked up the stick and knocked the logs apart just to be safe.

He felt the steel before he saw it. The cool metal glided delicately across the skin of his neck. Just a touch, no blood drawn. The kiss of the blade coupled with a warm hand covering his mouth. 

“Make a sound and you bleed.” The woman’s words dripped from lips barely above a whisper, so quiet yet clear against his ear. Her hair tickled the back of his neck and she brushed his cheek with a hot exhale. 

“You and your friends will be gone by morning. If I see anyone near here again, I’ll find you, gut you, and leave you for the wendigos.” 

Reid’s chest raised in nervous breaths and he ached to move. But the sharp and steady knife pressed to his throat kept him still. 

“Don’t nod. Don’t scream. Don’t call for help.” Her hand unclasped from his lips. “Just say you understand.”

“I understand.” He wanted to turn, needed to see. As he heaved in his breaths he dared to turn his head, only a little just to catch the shape of her. To see the ghost. 

“You’re actually her, aren’t you?” he whispered.

The knife retreated. Her shadow merged into the trees. He considered standing, jumping her, reaching out to take hold of what they had hunted for but Reid remained paralyzed. The others had the guns. His hunting knife was within reach, but they needed her alive. Doubts plagued him as his fingers flexed at his side. What if he wasn’t fast enough? What if he couldn’t find her? _I didn’t even hear her come up_.

“Whatever you think you came for doesn’t exist.” Her voice echoed from the dark. “Pack your shit up and leave before you end up like the last ones that came here.”

“The others won’t-”

“I wouldn’t mistake it for a suggestion. You stay, you die.”

_If I don’t at least try, we die_. Reid took a quick breath and steeled his nerves. He gripped the handle of his knife and turned to face her. 

There was no one. Nothing but the flickering shadows from the low fire. The tree’s around him rustled in the wind, drowning all sound. Not a trace of her remained.

---

Thank you so much for reading! This is a serial, so strap in for the long haul. If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions 


]  — ]#MAD Wendigo - Introduction

Eternal youth, the eradication of disease. Escape from the looming reaper was just beyond the reach of Bryne Bio Tech's researchers. They believed humanity could ascend to another level of existence with the help of a unique condition. Megalemic Autoimmune Diplioma. 
 
Not long after the MAD-Pathogen was discovered, a mysterious new virus appeared in the general public. It swept across North America with symptoms like that of the common cold and the flu. It had seemed manageable, at first. But in just two months the outbreak claimed hundreds of lives. With those first deaths, the virus evolved and mutated the recently deceased.
 
It made wendigos. 
 
The husks of humanity sustained only through the consumption of flesh rippled through the population. In a matter of weeks borders closed, riots sowed disorder, and fear gripped nations. North America became an infected zone quarantined from the rest of the world. 
 
Without communication, without law, and without hope, man walked the reclaimed world ever wary of beasts made to hunger for their flesh. 

---

#Table of Contents

**MAD Wendigo: Book One**





 

 













Chapter 7 - Part 1 (Coming Soon)] - ]

---


Karik clutched her grandmother’s hand as the plume of red smoke drifted overhead. She turned to Ony for comfort but found her grandmother’s wrinkled fingers quaking. 

“Shh,” Ony whispered. Karik watched her weathered hands grip the pitch fork tighter. 

“What is it?” Karik asked. 

Ony had no answer. 

The creature shone like stone, it’s beak reflecting like a pool of water. But it was unlike any bird Karik had seen. The wings were short but thin, rigid, unyielding to the winds. An impossible huge thing stuck in their field, with a trail of debris behind it. 

The glistening beak shuttered and opened. 

Ony gripped Karik by her shoulders and pulled her back a step. 

Inside sandy locks of blonde flicked with the breeze as a woman pulled off a strange large hood. She leapt from the mouth without fear and Karik stared at her. Who could ride inside a stone bird? 

“Stay back, Karik.” Ony pushed Karik behind her as the woman drew nearer. 

She was not Zolrenee. Her skin was pale, her ears stubbed, and she was short. Too short. From glances behind Ony’s hip, Karik stared at the strange clothing that covered her head to toe. If it was clothing. 

The woman walked towards them, again without fear, wiping sweat from her brow but as she got a good look at Ony and the pitchfork she stopped. 

“Arth yow el rot?” 

Karik scrunched her nose. “What did she say?”

Ony shook her head. “I do not know. Karik, go to the village. Tell your father-” 

“Deod yow alve eh rudiel? Mai polay-” The woman pointed to her stone bird and the red smoke.

*Polay.* Karik rolled the word over her lips silently as she stared at the beastly bird.

“Stay where you are!” Ony called out and the woman stopped short. She squinted at the Ony and Karik before backing away to the bird. 

“Ith nus pursimble.”

“Karik,” Ony said, this time pushing Karik back. “Your father. Now.”

Karik stared at the *polay* and the strange pale woman before she ran off for the village. 

No one would believe her.So I've added a bit more and broke the word count but that's fine, right? I like it a little longer. Some great crits needed to be included to help punch this piece to the next level. That and I think the title frames a bit more of the story that I'm not sure I want to elaborate on in the piece itself. 

Originally posted October 21st, 2019 - ]

----

A hole. Just the one. Inky saltwater bubbled up into the boat a pittance at a time, but the one hole would be enough. 

“You’ve not said, Reggie. I can’t help you if you don’t give me a name.” 

Reg looked from the hole to me. To the taut line at the end of the boat, to where it connected with the pier. Though the water was calm it wouldn’t stay that way. With each gentle tug of the current, that black spilled in and circled his feet.

His steely eyes locked on mine. “I ain’t no snitch.”

I shrugged and tossed the coin in the air. Two, three times it spun, catching the swiping rays from the distant lighthouse. As the coin met my palm Washington stared back at me, coiffed and composed.

“You taught me the rules, Reggie. You know I need a name. And if it goes tails while you’re stalling-” 

“Ten years I've known you, Karen. Ten years we worked together! You *know* I ain’t no snitch.” 

I tossed the coin. 

Heads. 

"The rules, Reggie. *Your* rules. I can't help you without that name." 

He swore and shifted in the small dinghy, struggling against the zip-ties about his wrists and feet.

I tossed the coin. 

Heads.

“Damn, you're a lucky shit,” I said.

“This is… this is bullshit!” He hollered into the mists that swarmed the pier. 

I tossed the coin. 

It landed in my palm and I clasped my fingers over it before seeing.

“One last chance.” I made my way to the end of the dock. The wind that pulled across the water brought about the briny stench. Strange that I kinda missed that smell. Used to hate it all those years back, when I’d been in the boat. When I’d watched that hole bubble. When Reg stood where I did. 

“For old time’s sake,” I said, hand still clasped tight. “You get one more chance. A name, Reggie. Everyone's got a name to give.” 

Fear quaked him from head to toe, but those once-steely eyes shook the most. “Benaw. Detective Benaw. But I had to, Karen. They had me for the Kane job and I had to give ‘em something. But it won’t stick. It was just a taste to get him off my back.”

I nodded and crouched down. Just to see, I opened my palm and looked at the eagle.

*Tails.*

“You gotta believe me, Karen.” 

“I do, Reggie.” I pulled free the butterfly knife, flipped out the business end. With a clean slice, it ripped through the old tether like butter. 

“Karen?” Waves lapped against the boat as the rope plopped in the water. 

"You taught me the game, Reggie. You know how it's played." 

“The fuck you say- I told you what you wanted!” 

"You sure did. But 'snitches get stitches', right?" I chuckled a little as the boat bobbed away. 

“For the trip, Reggy,” I said flicking the quarter. It bounced off his chest and plopped in the inch of water climbing the insides of the boat. Just the one hole was always enough. 

----


> WC: 516

As always, thank you for reading! I appreciate feedback, comments, suggestions, crits - you name it!]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

---


“Mommy, I'm hungry,” Wendy whined beside Ethan. He spied her fingers tugging on their mother's hand as if trying to draw her focus. But their mother stared forward, eyes locked not on the road but something beyond it. 

They’d all walked for hours down the highway in relative quiet. Ethan found himself checking the sides of the roadway. Looking for movement past the rows of broken cars they wove between, listening for any sound that didn’t come from them. Being out in the open made his skin crawl, but there was some relief in the sun’s warmth scaring off the chill from the wind. 

“We can’t stop to eat so stop talking about it,” Ethan said sharper than he had meant to. Exhausted from lack of sleep and the urged pace, he missed being able to sleep. Each time he closed his eyes, horrible images flashed as reminders of their time in the wilds. More recently of that night on the beach. Though whatever nightmares waited for him, Ethan knew it was worse for his mother.

Two days passed since she killed their father. The sickening sound of metal and bone crunching together grew in any settled silence. When the infection first spread, and people became monsters, he rarely slept. His nights were all nightmares of what _could_ happen. Reality was far worse. 

“But my tummy hurts...” 

The other kids were quiet all the time now and no one asked for coal lit stories. It wasn't that they hadn't experienced death, Ethan figured everyone had lost someone. Maybe they weren’t sleeping, just like him. Maybe they didn’t have the energy to try and be anything other than scared. 

Wendy was the only one who didn’t have that harrowed look. She’d seen loads of people die but Ethan wondered if she understood. _Maybe she forgot Dad's dead._ A tired jealousy grew in his empty belly.

While Wendy called out again, there was no answer from Alice. Their mother looked ahead, vacant eyes fixed on an imagined point, each step nearly dragged. She looked more like those things, but Ethan dashed the thought aside as quickly as it came on him. 

“Come on.” Ethan took his sister’s hand and tugged her from their grieving mother. 

_She'll be eight in a few days._ He tried to remember what day it was, but after so long they’d all started to bleed together. _Dad said it was important. Don’t forget the good things. Make better memories_. But Ethan wasn’t sure Wendy could remember the normal things that happened on birthdays. Ice cream cakes, music, and wrapped presents. _He didn't want us to forget._

Despite the efforts their parents paid in making the days special, it was always the worst. Everyone was sad, sometimes the adults would cry a little. The kids pretended to like, or at least Ethan did. After “celebrating” three since the wendigos came, he dreaded their arrival. Every year. 

He shook Wendy’s hand and tugged her away from their mother’s side. “Let’s go ask to stop to eat.” 

The highway was a wasteland of cars and despite the fall weather it was warm for October. Where the sun beamed hottest at midday, the pavement waved with warmth that stayed into late afternoon.

No one seemed to like walking in the open. As he passed some of their own people, their cautious eyes looked to the roadsides. Just like his did. But with so many, nearly twenty, traveling together they didn’t have much of a choice. The leader, Laurence, had said it was too hard to navigate the ravines and the closer to the city they came, the harder it was to stay off the roads. It was safer on the highway, he promised. _“Wendigos don’t come here. They’ve already picked it clean."_

Ethan didn’t trust him or the plan. 

Tugging his sister along he looked back at his mother walking sluggishly. _Like one of those things._

One of the other women, Chandra, took his mother’s arm and talked to her in those quiet moments. His mother’s shoulders shook in silent sobs while Chandra seemed to hold her up. 

He turned his back. A dull anger rumbled with his hunger. _It hurt. All of us hurt. Why can’t she just stop? Why can’t she-_

“Ethan… you're hurting me.” Wendy tried to pull her hand away from where he squeezed it. Tightly. She wore a little frown and immediately he loosened his grip. 

“Sorry.” He took a deep breath and tried to smile at her.

Her frown lessened.

They walked towards the hunters, specifically the woman, Tish. She carried a heavy backpack and didn’t leave as much of a gap. She dared to walk just a bit closer than the others. From what little Ethan had seen, she seemed nice enough. Didn’t laugh when one of them stumbled or yelled like Shannon did. Didn’t pick on them. Didn’t glare or scowl from afar. 

“Uh, Tish?” he said, hurrying to catch up with her.

“What?” She turned and walked backwards, peering down at Ethan from behind cracked sunglasses.

“My sister's hungry. Do you think we could stop? Just for a few minutes?” 

Wendy hid behind him, but they had to keep walking. One of Laurence's rules – no one stops unless they can’t keep going. 

Tish looked at him sideways. Then to Wendy. “We all are, kid. But we have to keep tabs on what we’ve got and keep up the pace. Tell her to start chewing on something until we stop.” 

Tish turned back around. 

Wendy’s hand tightened in his, little fingers itching for him to do more. Ethan stopped walking and tried to think of way to take her mind off of the rumbles in her gut. 

“Keep moving, _tourists_,” Shannon barked from the right. He walked up and down the line, always keen to call out at stragglers. 

Ethan started walking on, glaring at Shannon as he passed. 

On the road ahead the green bent sign on Highway 401 indicated the distance to the Toronto city core. The remains of a car, turned over with it’s belly exposed to the sun, had crashed into it’s base and bent the steel posts.

“I thought the city was dangerous?” Wendy said, looking between Ethan and the sign. “Dad said it isn't safe.” 

Shannon turned, stared down Ethan and Wendy, before turning back they way they walked. He spat on the ground and kicked a piece of debris from his way. 

Ethan guided Wendy a little further away from Shannon. “Yeah, I know what he said but we don't get to choose. Just don't whine about it, okay?”


---


Thank you for reading! If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions. I love interacting with readers. 


]  — ]Originally posted September 4th, 2019 ]


This was a retelling in a more PG13 light of the original story I wrote for Theme Thursday that I just really couldn't post. If you'd like to read it check out: .




---



Sir Robert unsheathed his sword before the church doors. Squire Gilbert paused, his hands itching to cross his chest but Sir Robert waved him on, ignoring the crucifix towering above them. 


*Loyalty unto your lord, your king, and God.* Gilbert’s father’s voice weighed on his shoulders but the squire hurried on. 


Sir Robert pushed on the doors. They did not budge. With a sneer, he hammered his fist against the wood that strained beneath the blows. 


*Forbearance be a blessed virtue and should be ever-present in a knight's actions. For how can one honour his lord and God absent of self-control?*

Gilbert breathed a sigh of relief as the door creaked open and Sir Robert sheathed his sword. A meek man, small shouldered and robed as the clergy, stared at them. 

Sir Robert brushed past him roughly to stalk down the aisle. A deep rolling hum rumbled past his lips. A guttural sound, rasping in tired lungs, that seemed sickly. Sir Robert was not old, but he grumbled of his knees, his hands, the weight of his sword. Nor could Gilbert remember when last he’d seen him mount his steed without aid.  

*Hardihood tells us that though some men may be of noble heart, it is their deeds and prowess with sword and steed that sets them above. Be it by a gift from God or born of trial, no man can be a knight if he is not hardy.* 

Robert stopped before the lectern. The clergyman rushed and spoke in the local tongue, protests Gilbert assumed, but he could not understand. Robert riffled through shelves on the pulpit until he found a small box. It rattled with coin. With a wide grin, Robert pried the lid off and took a fistful.  

*Generosity is a mark of the noble. Knights have no need for gifts or payment. A knight’s work is in service of his lord and God. No earthly prize is above that.* 

The priest shouted and reached out to stop Robert, but was met by the back of the knight’s hand. The strike knocked the priest to the floor with blood upon his lips. 

*Defender of the weak, champion of the helpless, a knight is devoted to those that cannot shield themselves. For who else but a knight can stand before the storm?* 

Gilbert froze as Robert unsheathed his misericorde. The knight bent and brought the tip to the unarmed priest’s neck. 

*Honour, my son. It is more than a word. More than life or death, and follows us unto Heaven. Know in your heart what is right and do not fail to find courage when you are tested. For you shall be, as we all are.*

“Sir Robert.” Gilbert trembled as he spoke. 

With a narrowed gaze devoid of compassion, Sir Robert smiled. He did not speak as he dropped the priest and made for the church doors. 

*Loyalty unto your lord, your king, and God.* 

With a sigh, squire Gilbert turned and followed Sir Robert. 

> WC: 499This response was inspired by the  this week onhowever, it was simply too dark to post there. 

So why not here?! 

Edit: If you'd like to read the PG13 rewrite of this, check out . 

---


The cicadas cry rippled through the trees, carried on the wind. Olivier closed his eyes and breathed in the breeze that brought the scent of lavender from fields beyond the hills. 

Sweat slithered down to his lips and gifted the taste of salt. It spoiled the wind. 

Olivier opened his eyes. The sun barely breached the canopy over the road and its rays wouldn’t find him in the brush. But he remembered how it felt, the sun kissing his cheeks, riding fast and dodging low boughs atop his steed. They had been good days. 

The crack of a whip cut the air and the top of the carriage came into view. The men beside Olivier stirred, gluttonous eyes waiting. They wore no armour, only leather scraps folded and sewn for confidence. Meek muscle lined their frames, but a kind built from necessity. They had never honed their flesh for battle. Unlike Olivier, they were not sculpted from training and virtue. 

The carriage crested the hill and its coat of arms blazed. Three suns backed by five white stars. Baron Guillaume de la Roche’s emblem. 

Sprawling vineyards, wide rolling hills, and the taste of wine were conjured. Deeds and feasts in service of glory and the Baron, a man he had looked up to. A man he had loved as a father. 

The carriage pitched, its wheel dipping into the hole barely covered with sticks and moss. The horse whinnied. The carriage tipped.

Olivier flipped down his visor. Heat pooled around his ears and would veil his face in sweat. He stood and, without sound or sign, the men at his sides burst from the brush. 

Bolts flew from the carriage compartment, skewering two of the attackers. The sell-swords replied in kind and surrounded the carriage. In all his finery, they plucked Baron Guillaume from his chestnut chariot and dragged him into the muck.

He cowered and begged but when Guillaume's eyes looked on Olivier, there seemed a glimmer of relief. Not in Olivier's face, the Baron could not see it, but in the shape of a knight. 

Olivier raised his sword high. He had only ever needed one strike. 

With the Baron dead and the carriage cracked open, the sell-swords pillaged to their dark heart's content. The tail of the Baroness's skirt disappeared in the brush as the men whisked her away. Still screaming. Still pleading.

Olivier closed his eyes and remembered the feel of the sun. Kisses on his cheek. Better days. 

A whimper called from within the carriage and Olivier removed his helmet to better see inside. Doe eyes gleamed from the small shape. Baron’s boy, Etienne. 

Etienne looked from the three suns and five stars that lay tarnished on Olivier’s chest. “Sir Olivier de Gand, you must help!” 

Olivier sheathed his sword. He replaced his helm. 

*Not all oaths can be forgotten.* 

He found the soft pommel of his miséricorde and put it to use. 

Quick. Clean. 

Merciful. 

> WC: 493Originally Posted August 28th, 2019 - ]

This is a weird one as a user from the WritingPrompts Discord channel tossed some fun extra constraints at me. 

432 words exactly and there must be a peach/peaches. Was a fun exercise that I think might have been more fun to read aloud than read on page, if I'm honest. 

**Warning: There is cursing. Lots.** 


Edit: Want to hear it? ! You can listen to this on . 

-----


Inmates filtered into the dining hall as the alarms finally ceased screeching. Chuck stared at the loudspeakers on the walls. “Fuckin’ hate that.” 


Chuck’s cellmate, Kev, waved him over to his table. “Boys, meet Chuck.”
Grumbles sounded from the four men.

“What was that alarm for?” Chuck asked.

They all shrugged. 

“Think it was Franky the Fish again?” one said. Smiles crept to hardened lips.

Chuck frowned. “Who?” 

Kev waved at another table. A squat man sat alone, his head shining, bald as a babe. He shovelled food into his mouth lazily. Between bites, Franky paused to gaze at the cement wall as though entranced.

“Why’s he called ‘The Fish’?” Chuck asked. 

“He’s slippery, you know. Real good at wriggling outta bad situations.” Kev mimed wrestling with an imaginary trout. 

Chuck still didn’t get it. “What’s he got to do with the alarm?”

Kev smirked. “Years back, the Fish is in here like any day but when he gets his tray, there ain’t no peaches. So Franky asks the guard, ‘Why ain’t there peaches?’

“The guards, givin’ as few fucks as they do, wave him off.” Kev propped his leg on the bench and leaned forward. As though summoned, Chuck leaned in with him. 

“Picture this; it’s 2am, time when even the night guards catch a few zz’s. Then, the alarms. Whole place goes live, warden, staff, guards counting heads. But there ain’t no Fish. He’s just-” Kev puffed his hands into a silent explosion. “Gone. So they start looking everywhere.” 

Chuck looked to Franky. He still stared at the wall like it was a goddamn painting. “He got out?”

Kev shook his head. “Finally, they check the kitchens and there he is, Franky the fuckin’ Fish sitting on the floor, a goddamn can o’peaches the size of my head between his legs. And he’s just scoopin’ 'em right up. No explanation, he ain’t saying shit between bites. And I’m telling you, they got no idea what set it off cuz there weren’t no alarms in the kitchens.

“To this day-” Kev flopped down in his seat ”-Franky the Fish always gets his peaches.”

Chuck frowned. “You mean to tell me that the Fish got out of his cell, snuck into the kitchens, no guards seeing, all for *peaches*?”

The faces around him all looked up with accusing eyes. “Whadya mean 'just'?” Ben snapped. 

“They’re the best damn thing about this place,” another added. 

Chuck looked over at Franky the Fish. In the corner of his tray, a hefty mound of soaked-in-water peaches glistened. With each bite, Franky smiled at his view. 

> Word count: 432 


Comments, critiques, feedback, reactions, you name it are welcomed.]


Kind of a continuation of the . But not dependant at all. 

Also, did an edit because ethe "M'lods" did NOT go over well. 

---

Music fluttered in through the small hole in the wall and with it the stench of manure, muck, and stagnant water. The crowd had gathered in the midday sun and their cheers resounded into a cacophony of joy.

Thogan breathed in deeply despite the smell.

“They’re probably dancing now,” he said bitterly. “The whole city, the country even, a lit with song and dance.” 

“Aye, m’lord,” the man outside the iron bars said.

“A day of celebration. All the pomp one could dream of.” Thogan sneered.

“Aye, m’lord. Was a hard-won fight.” 

Thogan nodded but did not turn to his jailer. “To think they take such glee in the ending of a man. Their king, even.” He swallowed hard. “Have they no shame? No concern for what this nation requires to remain strong?” 

His jailer did not answer. 

“Go on then. Tell me, what can the common man know of leadership?”

“Enough, I think, m’lord. Takes blood, sweat, an’ muck. Hard work, it does. It inn’t my place m’lord, but the common folk, we know a thing or two about hard work. We know it when we see it.”

Thogan turned. In his state, he hardly looked the regal king of renown. But he maintained to hold himself as if donned in the finest regalia, not the shambled smalls hanging from his shoulders, dirtied by the cold bricked cell. “And you think me slothful?” 

The man shook his head. “No, m’lord. But when did you last bleed or sweat for your common man?” 

Thogan had no answer for his jailer. Nor more an answer than when his hall doors lay fallen before the bloodied, sweating, and muck covered rebellion. 

Thogan’s shoulder sagged and he nodded to the masked man before him. “Have you family?”

“Aye, m’lord. A daughter.” 

Thogan could hear the smile in his voice despite the mask of black covering his jailer’s face.  “And will she watch the spectacle? Will she sing and dance and feast?”

His jailer nodded. “Aye, m’lord.” 

Thogan huffed. “Does she know what you are?”

“Aye, m’lord. She knows.”

Thogan sighed and leaned against the chill damp wall. His thoughts turned to his own son on that fateful night. Scared, alone. A horde coming for blood. 

“They’ve not found him, m’lord. Prince Elern.” 

Thogan pressed toward the iron bars and his jailer. “You’re sure?”

“Aye. The guards talk and he’d be here with you if found.” 

Thogan relaxed and smiled at the man. “Thank you for that.” 

A door at the top of the stairwell opened. “Oi!” a man shouted. “Get that shit out’ere.” 

Thogan closed his eyes and breathed in the stench.

“There’s something to be said by hearing music at the end.”

Thogan looked up confused. 

“Most hear nothing. At least you’ll have the music, m’lord.” His executioner unlocked the gate and opened it wide. 

Thogan’s hand trembled as he waved at the heavy axe. “Are you good with that?” 

“Aye, m’lord.” The executioner’s hand rest on Thogan’s shoulder. “The best.” 

> wc: 500] - Posted June 21st, 2019 -  - June 7th, 2019]

---

The Rosed Lady’s garden lay hidden within the depths of Solemn’s Woods. Or so that’s what the birds whispered to Thura whenever they fluttered to her garden. Who had called it Solemn’s Woods, not even the ravens knew, but it seemed apt a name as any. Few dared to enter the dark forest, even fewer managed to make it past the dangers within to find her secluded enclosure. Though many had tried. 

Thura sighed and reclined in her gnarled throne of roots. The willows had bent and grown the shape for her, a small solace for their Rosed Lady. Though they whispered with their fronds sweet songs with the summer wind, not they, nor the birds, nor the bees, nor any woodland creature traipsing about her garden, could bring her what her heart most desired.

All around her the garden hummed with life, love and nature turning in the seasons. One drawn to another. Water to roots. Boughs to the sun. Bud’s blooming all for the bees. 

Only Thura sat alone. 

“One day, Rosed Lady,” the hummingbirds would sing. “One will bloom all for you.” 

“On spring, Rosed Lady,” the thistles rustled. “You will see one brave enough to trek the path.” 

Her soft, sad smiles offered little comfort to those in her garden, but still she managed them each day. 

But behind her smiles she knew the truth. *It is not the woods nor the path they fear.*

The bluebirds chirped a light song of love to call her from her melancholy. But as they fluttered near, perched upon her hand, they had to avoid Thura’s thorns. 

Every inch of her skin, every speckle of glimmering verdant flesh, protruded a thorn. Though her hair was of crimson petals, silky, smooth, and fragrant like the sweetest summer rose, her skin could not be touched.

“One day, Rosed Lady,” the willows whispered as they tickled her neck. “You’ll embrace one strong enough.”

As the sun and moon chased one another across the heavens, Thura watched the days pass. Her garden changed, budded, swelled, burst, and passed as it always had. One season drawn to the next. One moment aching for another. 

Her throne grew, her garden thickened, but in dreams she imagined more. Not a life beyond the garden, no she knew her place, but a companion - an ache to yearn for. 

“Rosed Lady, Rosed Lady,” the ravens squalled and Thura stirred from her slumber.

“Rosed Lady, Rosed Lady!” the squirrels chirped.

The maples trees shuddered and parted their boughs. Beyond them a figure loomed in shadow, the shape unlike all else in the garden. 

“Who?” Thura dared speak as she approached the shape. 

A man, chiseled into perfection, stood strong and fixed before her. Locks curled like a cherubs, jaw straight and sharp. Though his eyes remained glazed to a marble sheen, he did not quake before her thorned visage. 

“Brave man,” she dared to say as she stepped nearer. “What brings you to the Rosed Lady’s garden?”

The figure drew nearer, and emerged from the shadow in full, like a blossom to the sun. 

“No,” Thura whispered. “I need no answer of you.” Her eyes stared upon him, her fingers reached to touch. In her heart she feared it would be as it always was: a yelp, a cry, fear lining the eyes, and then crimson stained upon her thorns. 

But as her hand reached for his, he did not flinch. The man of stone remained fixed and still. Her dangerous flesh could not cut him. 

A fluttered sparked in her heart and Thura wrapped her arms about the stone man. 

“Stone skinned man, forgive me for being so bold.” She did not wait for permission. Thura pressed her sweet lips to his. 

The chill of marble warmed her heart, his cheek unblemished by her thorned embrace. 

“My guardian,” she whispered. “My sun.” 

Though he did not move and though he did not speak, Thura blossomed in the statue’s stone arms.

-----

As always, I would love feedback/critiques.]

Warning: I swear in this. A lot. Because why the heck not. 

Also this fits a personal writing prompt challenge u/RobbFry gave me to finish by this upcoming sunday. 

Challenge: an urban fantasy that features at least one non-human character, about a quest to do something that we would consider mundane but which is fraught with unique peril.


---

Nick snorted back a glob of snot and spat it to the cracked pavement. 

“What the fuck is taking so long?” he whispered, his foot tapping against the blackout windows. Next to him the security guard lay in a slumped heap, unconscious but breathing. 

“It’s taking as godsdamned long as it takes, Nicholas. So stop your freaking whining.” Stohls light voice chipped over the mic line with a huff buzzing in his ear. 

“You should be out now.” Nick looked down the street, the moon barely visible past the thick smog clouds. “If we get clipped my the Laundrists, they’re not like to just pat us on the back-”

“Shut the fuck up,” Stohls snapped. “You’ve never even seen a Laundrist up close.” The slight patter of wings rippled over the line before Stohls went quiet. 

The street lights flickered, the ones that at least held a bit of power. East end is shit. Nick sucked the air between his teeth again and spat. *We should have never taken this gig. Should have-*

The sound of the truck’s breaks squealed and ripped through the damp air. Nick bent down by the guard, his hulking shape masked by the head to toe black. Even still, if the headlights lit his form he knew the driver would stop. 

The truck rolled around the corner, making its way down the street. 

“Stohls,” Nick whispered. 

“If you fucking say one more godsdamned word I will rip out every one of your teeth and shove them-”

“Laundrists.” 

The white truck, tall and wide, turned the corner. It’s sides were lined with heavy plating with a large cursive ‘L’ painted in black. The windshield was reinforced with thin wire between the panes. The front bumper, spiked and braced with inches thick steel, nearly reached all the way down to the pocked city streets. The wire caging around the lights didn’t prevent the high beams from blasting the street with eerie, off white illumination. 

“Extracting in three,” Stohls started counting down with a puff on her lips. 

The truck rolled closer. 

“They’re gonna see-” Nick started when the truck stopped. The wipers flicked off the lightest mist accumulation before the engine revved. 

The black glassed door rattled behind Nick and he opened it.

Stohls flew out, a massive pack draped over the faeries tiny shoulder. Her short, spiked red hair glimmered in the truck’s lights with her iridescent wings flapping furiously from her back. 

“Take it!” She dropped the black canvas bag at least thirty-times her size to the ground. Nick swiped the handle. 

The truck wheels squealed with the roaring engine as it barreled down the road towards them. Stohls flashed her middle finger and zipped around the corner. Nick struggled to keep up. 

The alley they turned into was narrow and long. Where it ended, only shadow loomed. 

“Hurry the fuck up, Nicholas!” The faeries’s wings glowed, lighting their path ahead but her pace had Nick panting. But he pushed himself, muscled trained to purpose, fingers locked tight around the black bag. Escaping with their lives was the plan, but without the loot- they’d might as well turn themselves over to the Laundrists. 

The truck turned down the alley and the screeching nearly made Nick’s ears bleed. He glanced back, only once, to see the armoured sides spark and flare against the crumbling brick walls. Despite the cramped space, the truck picked up speed. 

“Up.” Stohls stopped beneath a fire escape. 

“Can’t reach,” Nick huffed. 

“Up!” Stohls’ hand, tiny like that of a dolls, reached down to Nick. 

“You can’t lift a human-”

“Like you fat ass knows what I’m capable of,” she snapped. Nick opened his mouth to argue but the truck was nearly on him. It’s horn, a light trickle of wind chime sounds, beckoned it’s relentless arrival. 

Nick reached up to the faerie hand. Warm, smooth as silk, Stohls’ whole arm fit in his grip. *She can’t. She’s just a-*

Her wings flapped, their slight volume increasing. The iridescences blurred into a wave of colour, and she exuded the telle-tale light of the fae. 

Nick felt his feet lift from the ground. 

“By Titania’s godsdamned tits, you are a porker!” Stohls’ lifted Nick clear from the ground. She climbed higher and higher, her mouth parted to let out a warriors call, as the truck sped beneath them. 

The sliding doors opened to the shouts of Laundrists, their hanger spiked and wrapped bats swinging at Nick’s feet. But he was far beyond their reach. 

Up into the sky she lifted Nick, and he watched the shapes disappear beneath the lowest layer of fog. On the roof Stohls dropped him and landed on the gravel. Heavy panting left her lips and her arms trembled from the strain. Sweat lined her small glowing face as she spat out curses with every other breath. 

“Tell me you didn’t drop the goods.” 

Nick shook his head. He turned the canvas sack around and untied the top. 

Socks. Inside the gleaming bright whites blazed as if beacons in the night. The fresh lemony scent of the rarest detergent stung his nose. He couldn't remember the last time he'd seen so many, if ever at all. *So many... we'll be set for months with all this.* Nick almost reached out when Stohls’ fluttered near and slapped his hand. 

“Don’t. Touch,” she panted. 

“We’re not out of the woods yet,” Nick said and Stohls’ let out a sharp laugh. 

“Fuckin’ Laundrists,” she stretched out her arms, her little legs clothed in black pressing out her little toes as far as she could. “They’ll come ‘round and climb the roof. We should fly out of here lest we want to get ‘cleaned’.” 

“You can’t lift me again,” Nick insisted. 

Stohls huffed. “Not literally, kid.” She took in a steady breath, calmed her breathing, and shot Nick a fiendish smile. “Gotta say, I’m a little impressed, Nicholas. Not as whiny as you were when I took your central incisor.”

Nick stood upright, resealed the bag, and nodded to his former tooth-faerie. “You’re still a bitch though.”

Stohls let out a delicate trickling laugh and fluttered to Nick’s head height. “Come on, we’ve got a delivery to make.”] - ] 

This was HEAVILY inspired by the MP prompt for this week. Also, it's a bit of backstory for a character in a novel series I wrote so hopefully, it's not toooo confusing. 

---

She tucked her legs in close to hold in her warmth but still the chill leeched up from the steel floors. All around her they clawed up to the ceiling, etched in scratches of those that came before. With a controlled exhale she tried to calm her nerves but her heart went on thundering until her ears nearly burst. 

A sound shuddered through her, the creek of the distant steel door. It screeched across the metal and she dared to look away from the grey walls. 

Her door remained closed. 

Footsteps, heavy, thundering boots rumbled the very walls. Beside them soft clicks, heels needled next to the roaring footfalls. 

“Subject A.R.K. Responding adequately to the adrenal stimulators, though there have been some adverse side effects.” 

“Such as?” 

“Blindness, to start” 

“So another failure?”

A sigh dripped from the first voice and the set of steps drew nearer. 

She pulled herself from the floor and pressed against the furthest wall. Her eyes watched the slight outline of the door frame and the pool of light that shimmered in through the wired glass. 

“Subject M.A.D.” Two shadows stopped outside the window. 

She pressed herself to the wall and slid to the floor. Her arms pulled her legs in close. She dare not blink. 

“This one poses a curiosity. Each time we’ve tried implanting the stims the body’s rejected them.”

“Rejected?” The second voice turned before leaning into the window more. “Is that possible?”

She couldn’t help but feel the itch at her side. Her fingers reached to scratch the skin, the faint line of what should have been a scar fading. The agony of the thing passing through her, pushed from flesh, rending skin, hovered like a stain on her mind. Little things that didn’t belong inside. The things that wanted none of her or her of them. 

“Until now we’d thought not. Unlike the other subjects, she’s shown remarkable regenerative abilities. However, we’ve been unable to do much testing. But we have documentation, Sir, and we’re planning another procedure for the subject.”

Her scream caught in her throat. *Not another knife. Please. Not again-*

“No.” The second scratched his chin. “Stop wasting your time and the device. For now, have your information and the subject sent to Doctor Spekt.”

The faces left the window and the light returned. She exhaled a breath and relaxed her hands. Her heart steadied and she wiped her brief tears of relief.

“Subject W.I.L. responded quite well. No degradation or infection, though-” A hammering interrupted the first voice and the shouting started again. There were words in the cries but she had long ago stopped trying to find them. The sound had never needed words to express what they both felt. 

“Violent, yes. I can see. Prepare W.I.L. for another procedure. I’d like to see the results after the stimulators are removed.” 

The steps and the voices drifted down the hall and she closed her eyes to the grey.

> wc: 493] by /u/mattswritingaccount - ]

Continuation (sort of) from ]

In case it's not clear, critiques are always welcome! I know there are probably some spelling and typo errors, but I will try to edit and clean them up. 


----

“…and this,” Mort stepped through what remained of the archway, dodging dangling vines that clung to the cracking wall. “Was the Grand Cathedral.” 

Loreel stepped in after but brushed the vines aside. They were lefeden greens, useful for swelling on a wound and handy in a pinch if one needed to wretch. The way Mort dodged them he must have thought the vines poisonous like their cousin, screndel weed. *Damn fool can’t see they’ve got no spots?*

The Grand Cathedral opened up to the sky. The forest had claimed what she guessed was a glass roof. *That’d be foolish.* She sucked at something stuck between her teeth and looked to the pillars that lined two of what should have been four corners. They were unstable, like much of the ruins, and although the roof was nearly memory, enough remained that could fall and kill them both. 

“The Ascalonians worshipped the god of the winds, and the text says that their temples were made for them.” 

“So, walls were optional?” 

Mort snorted back a chuckle but stuck his nose back into his little leather notebook. He spent half the time stuck in the pages as opposed to looking at the damn ruins around them. *What was the point if he’s not going to pay attention?* But she kept it to herself. 

“The archways were shuttered with… plast-in-lag-gool?” He tried to say the word but butchered the pronunciation. 

“Plah’esingaul. The ‘T’ is silent.” Though the Ascalonians were lost to time and magic, their language still carried on the tongues in the south. “It’s the pulp from the water reeds that line the river.” 

Mort looked up from his page with a nod and produced his pen. He scribbled a note in the margin and the scratching sent shivers up her spine and across her arms.

Loreel rubbed them away and turned to the skeletal structure. The marble stairs led down to a small landing where a headless statue of some lord or perhaps their wind god stood in vigil. From there, more stairs to what the forest floor had reclaimed. 

“You’d think they’d bury their dead outside,” Loreel smirked as she looked over the collection of headstones beneath what would have been the roof. “Keeping the dead indoors, not a smart choice.” 

“What?” Mort looked up from his notes before clamouring down the stairs. His little hip bag slapped with each step with an irritating thwap. 

“That is strange,” he scribbled as he walked along the floor, approaching the nearest headstone. “I had thought ‘cathedral’ meant some sort of church or-”

“You aren’t as good at translating as you think?”

Mort turned back to her mortified. “That is absolutely not the case.” His cheek puffed. “Perhaps the word just… means something different to them.”

“Or it’s the wrong word.” She sauntered down the steps, avoiding the largest cracks in the stone. The floor crinkled and crumbled. The uneven roots that had broken the marble centuries past seemed unburdened by her weight.

As Mort flipped from page to page, furiously hunting for proof of his skill, she approached the largest headstone. The letters were unfamiliar, characters in smooth lines gilded with the shadow of gold paint. 

“They’re not graves!” Mort announced. “They’re tenants of the Wind God’s laws. Markers for their faith.” 

“Shame.” Loreel kicked aside a piece of broken stone. “Here I was hoping we could find a shovel and come back with something of use.”

Mort looked up from his pages, his eyes wide in shock. “Grave rob?”

Loreel rolled her eyes. “I was kidding.” She turned back to the stone. 

If the words were Ascalonian, they didn’t look like the characters of the language birthed in the south. There, the sounds had been entombed in sharp jagged shapes, hard lines that crossed and multiplied like sword strikes. She liked the look of it on a page, on a sign. It always seemed precise to her and clear.

The florid strokes the stone before her bore looked long-winded. Ornate. Loreel often found if someone had the time to make it pretty, they had the time to do something more productive. She moved past the stone to the next and it looked the same. Different cursive but chipped with ornate intricacy.

“What exactly are we looking for?” She made no attempt to hide the irritated sigh that delivered the words. 

“The Wind God’s Horn which I had thought would be in his tomb, as it’s indicated he was a man at some point. Or at least personified in some kind of priest or religious leader. I’d thought they’d be with the cathedral or some burial ground. But it appears the Ascalonians…” Mort’s voice trailed off and Loreel could picture him just buried in that damn book. 

“Give it to me,” she waved at him without turning. 

From ten paces away she waited as Mort scurried nearer. He reluctantly pressed the book to her hands. 

Unlike the map, his writing was nearly impossible to read. She almost preferred the cursive of the tenants to his chicken scratch. 

“Something… something… horn-” 

“The Wind God’s Horn, yes.” 

“Uhh, is this chalice?” She held the book to him and he nodded. “Not, challenge?”

Mort frowned and squinted at his own writing. “Oh, perhaps.” 

Loreel's jaw tightened. “His Horn Challenge presented in the resting place taken up by a willing… servant or maid?”

Mort nodded. 

“You realize this sounds like a dirty joke, right?” 

Mort’s cheeks flushed before they reddened. “No, it couldn’t possibly be-”

“His horn challenge? Really? *Willing* maid?”

She passed the book back to him and started for the steps. *If he made me trek all the way her for an ancient dirty limerick…* Loreel stepped up to the statue at the mid-level. At its hip, a horn rest etched in marble.

“I assure you, Loreel, this is not some joke. The Wind God’s Horn was the rumoured weapon that demolished this entire kingdom. Before that, it was their prized defence system. Entire armies, cities, oceans even could be wiped from the map with just one blow.” 

Loreel barely stifled her laugh. “Of course, Mort. Of course.” She reached toward the horn at the statues hip and flicked it. “What a challenge indeed. I’d gladly accept,” she whispered up to what she’d consider a rather appealing shape.  

The horn moved. The stone swayed impossibly from the marble it had seemed a part of. 

Loreel’s eyes widened.
 
Between the Wind God’s tenants, the floor opened. Roots cracked and ripped away from the circular hole that appeared. At its edge stairs led down into the dark pit, not five feet from where Mort stood gaping. 

“’Tread lightly, she warned, for below the dead are restless’.” Mort quoted from the page, though his eyes locked on the entrance that had appeared.

Loreel checked the machete at her hip and felt for the quiver at her back. “By the gods, Mort, you are an idiot savant.”

----

Previous ] --- Continue ]Originally posted April 22nd, 2019 - ]

----

The pen shook in Jacob’s fingers. The thin unintentional lines trailed before and after each character against the page. 

*Dear Cynthia…*

He tried cursive first, she always liked his cursive. But the pen trembled in Jacob's hand, his aged fingers weak against the shakes. 

He frowned and stared harder as though determination could overcome his rebellious nerve endings.

With pressure, he put the pen nib down and printed the next letter. The swerve and curve in what should have been straight brought a curse to his lips. He couldn’t heart it, but felt the word tumble forth. 

“Da?” His son said something but as always it was muffled. Everything dulled, everything muted. 

“Fuckin’ pen won’t work,” Jacob grumbled. 

“Do… y… …nt hep?” 

Jacob watched his son say the distant and broken words. Even with increased volume, the lean into the chair arms, and the wince as Simon yelled, Jacob couldn’t make them out.

“I can’t fuckin’ hear you, you know.” 

Simon opened his mouth but stopped. He shut it with a nod. 

“Just trying to write ‘er a goddamn letter. But this fuckin’ pen… They got shit pens in this place.” 

“Who?” 

Jacob squinted as his son repeated the word. 

“Your mother.” Jacob pressed the pen to paper. “She liked my letters. Said I had a nice hand for it.” 

The pen scratched the page, an unintended line striking across the jagged “dear”. Jacob picked up the paper and scrunched it between his quivering palms. 

“Da, ye… no… she’s g…?”

“What’re you on about?” Jacob snapped and tossed the crumbled ball to the floor. 

Simon slunk back into his chair. He sighed, not that Jacob could hear it, but his eyes hadn’t yet failed him. It was in Simon's shoulders, the slouch, the slump, the defeat written all over his damn face. 

“Just can’t get this fuckin’ pen to work.” Jacob frowned and pulled another sheet and placed it on the desk before him. The pen hovered over the cream page, swirling with the involuntary dance of his muscles that just wouldn’t do what he needed. 

“What… do… ye… W… to s…?” The ‘s’ always cut through, striking a flare in his ear from the useless hearing aid. 

“Stop talkin’ at me like I can hear you.” Jacob puffed out a breath. He pressed the nib down as hard as he could, and the D formed nicely. But sure enough, he pressed right through the page. It ripped and his hand shook more than they had when he’d started. 

Jacob crumbled the sheet. He went to toss it but Simon had crossed the room and took the ball and pen from his father. 

Simon smoothed out the page. *You talk, I’ll write,* he scribbled. 

Jacob puffed and shook his head but Simon didn’t move. 

“Fine,” Jacob slouched in the chair.

Simon grabbed a clean pristine page and held the unwavering pen above it.

Jacob exhaled a breath. “Dear Cynthia…”] 

This is another Olek Stils SF piece continued from last weeks 

Who knows, maybe this will turn into a regular little serial I'm writing! 

----

*For Satellite 4.* The words still pricked Olek’s ears and burned on his lips.

Staring at the Lokayne as it bled the last of its life only re-stoked the fire in his gut. Fire that had never really faded, even after years. It was impossible not to think of his family and their faces the last time he’d seem them. Waving, wishing him luck. Promises to write and call. But the news vids of the Satellite 4 investigations and documentation erased their smiles. They became grim visages frozen in the vacuum. 

Olek exhaled. He couldn’t waste any more time on the dead. 

He pressed past the Lokayne on the floor and moved to the mess port. His pulse steadied the farther down the corridor he went. That is until he rounded the corner. 

The hall was lined with fresh blood and burns, the metal scorched just as much as his crew-mates on the steel floor. It hadn’t been a firefight. It was a slaughter. 

Olek’s jaw tightened until it ached. 

He tried to step carefully around what had been friends and colleagues. Even if he’d known them only a few months, he choked back the tremble that shook his whole body. 

Within a few minutes, Olek reached the main corridor junction. 

**<-- BAYS: 4 - 6**

**OPERATIONS -->**

Training, what little of it Olek had, screamed to turn left at the junction. In the docking bays escape waited with ships and pods prepared for such a situation. The crew would have started evacuation the moment the artificial gravity righted. There was strength in numbers. There was no shame in retreat. 

A shout called from the right. The screech of metal and the sizzle of a soldering torch became crystal clear. Beneath it, the low drawn voices of multiple Lokaynes called to one another. 

Olek stood between his two paths. He had his standing orders. *In the event of boarding, report to the nearest-*

Lokayne lasers and Sol Defense Force pulse rifle fire echoed nearer. It couldn’t be more than four junctions away. 

*"Recruit,"* Sergeant Culpepper’s voice burned in his memory. *"If this station should be compromised you’re to get your goddamn ass to a pod unless I, or the fuckin’ almighty himself, says otherwise. Understood?"* 

Olek could still hear the resounded call of *Sir, yes, Sir* from himself and the other recruits. The same recruits that lay dead in the mess with Culpepper.

Olek’s grip tightened around the alien weapon. 

He turned right.Originally Posted April 12th, 2019 - ]

---
“Shit luck, that.” 

I turned to Gerry as he spat to the sand. The man seemed to appear out of nowhere, but more likely the wind had stolen the sound of his steps before they reach my ears. 

In his hand he held two traps, both empty. 

“Thought I’d have time to grab mine,” I said but he was already shaking his head. 

“Nah, son. You don’t wanna risk it. That there,” he nodded up to the clouds that swarmed. 
“Man-eatin’ kind of storm.” He chuckled, a deep raspy sound that became a smokers cough. He spat again to the sand. 

The darkening sky swirled and even the gulls seemed to notice. Their wings beat faster, their paths changed, and the sound of the squalls died in a rolling rumble of thunder. 

“They know.” Gerry heaved his traps over his shoulder. “But ye got yer bobbers. You’ll find ‘em if they’re not lost to ol’ man-eater.” His toothy grin grew and he nudged my shoulder. I couldn’t quite muster a smile as the first flash streaked the sky. 

“Rachel’s going to be pissed,” I breathed. We needed the fish, needed the money. “Can’t afford more traps if these ones keep coming in dry.” 

“Rachel’s good folk,” Gerry said. “She’ll be kind once she’s cooled-”

Gerry stopped and frowned. His smile died.

“Gerry?” I asked but he wouldn’t look to me. I followed his eyes to the shoreline. 

The water, darker than the sky, thundered against the sands. Huge lapping waves, but they weren’t born from high waters. Like the shelf birthed them, the waves crashed nearer and nearer. 

Gerry’s hand pressed to my shoulder, pulling me back. I went eagerly. 

The thunder rumbled above, eardrum bursting loud, and I covered my ears. Gerry went to do the same, dropping his traps to the sand. Lightening cracked. Streaks ripped down into the rising surf, sharp, fast, blinding. The same spot, over and over. 

I backed up. Gerry tripped over his dropped traps and fell back cursing. 

“Get up,” I told him but the thunder drowned my words. With a hand under the crook of his arm I tried to lift Gerry as fast as I could, but the black erupted from the waves. 

“Mary mother of fuck!” Gerry barked. 

Black tendrils, pocked with suckers, slithered from the water. Tentacles, clearly, but their size was impossible. Like they were discovering the air for the first time, the appendages twisted in the briny winds. Reaching, hunting, examining the stones delicately. One of my traps, red bobber and all, dangled from one of the slick limbs. It was a tiny thing compared to what crept from the dark water. 

Three tentacles became five when the body made it’s first show. Black, shining, slick. I couldn’t see it’s face, if it had one. On each of it’s limbs traps dangled. 

Gerry froze. I froze. What swirled in the surf beneath the raging storm couldn’t be real. 

The tentacles drew nearer and left the surf behind. Their fumbling suckers found the prints out boots had left in the sand, and they followed the trail.  

“Get me up,” Gerry’s voice trembled.

I tugged him to his feet but the movement drew the creature nearer. 

“Run!” I whispered, though I’d meant to yell it. Gerry didn’t need my hollering as we both stumbled back from the shoreline, hurrying for the boardwalk. 

“Fuckin’ man-eater, that!” Gerry called out in laboured puffs. 

We couldn’t get to our cars fast enough.] 

---




Light reflected off the domed glass of the refrigerated display case. 

“Cody.” 

“I’m thinking.” Cody pouted as she stared between her two options. 

The cupcakes sat beyond the glass in the middle row, front and center. 

*Red Velvet.* The deep crimson puffed cake was wrapped in a delicate paper flecked with drops of gold. The cake stood stark against the cream cheese frosted top, swirled to a solitary peak. Bits of batter crumble dusted the stiff topping.

*Chocolate Peanut Butter Crunch*. A near black cake, perfectly round, with a delicate sheen of decadent dark chocolate. It propped up the pillowy peanut butter mound of sweet and salty confection. The crackle of chocolate interrupted the latte coloured icing in rich dark stripes.

Daniel sighed. “You’ve been staring at them for like ten minutes.”

“They’re just so pretty.” Cody smiled at the baker behind the counter as they passed to help another customer.

“You could get both.”

“I won’t say I don’t want both, but I shouldn’t have two.” 

“Then just get one.”

“But come on, Dan, look at them!” Cody tore her eyes from the delectable delights to shoot a miffed glare his way. “How can I possibly be expected to choose *one*?”

“I could pick for you?”

Cody laughed, hard and sharp, and turned back to the display case. “Not on your life.” She pursed her lips and hunkered down to the glass. “I just need to weigh my options. Pros and cons list.” 

“It’s a cupcake.” 

“You don’t understand the relationship I have with cupcakes.” 

Dan tried to stifle his laugh but made a poor go of it. “Is it really a relationship?”

“First birthday party - vanilla cupcakes. First time I fell off my bike, Mum made double chocolate cupcakes. First night in my dorm the dining hall closed early. I went to the store and bought-”

“Cupcakes, I get it.” 

“Brownies, actually. But you see-” 

“That I have competition?” Daniel smirked and Cody spied it in the reflection. 

“Daniel, you’re the other woman. Cupcakes are life.” 

Cody’s took in every detail of the little perfect cakes as the baker stopped in front of the case. The baker reached in, with delicate transparent tongs, and plucked both from their perched platforms. 

Cody’s jaw dropped. 

They went into a single box, cardboard, pink, stamped with the design of the bakery. 

Then, they were gone. 

“But-”

“See?” Daniel stepped beside Cody and put a hand on her shoulder. “This is what happens when you can’t make up your mind.” 

“But- I wanted-” Cody stopped at the sight of the second baker striding toward the case. In her arms, she carried laden trays with over half a dozen kinds of cupcakes. 

Cody’s eyes lit and her smile returned amidst Daniel’s groans. As the baker filled the case, one tiny perfect cupcake at a time, Cody bent and watched.

“Hmm, now let me see," she hummed as she began the process from scratch.It may just be a draft, but hot damn does it feel good to send something to a printer. Even if that printer is Staples.

*Strange Frontier*, my historical science fiction novel set in 1867, is one step closer to beta readers and then pitching. I'm really excited about this novel and can't wait to share more about it. 

Until then, thanks for the support and love for all that I put out there.

&nbsp;

Teeny-Tiny-Excerpt from ***Chapter One: Cook Stove***

&nbsp;


“Holy Mother of Jesus,” William breathed and the wagon slowed. 

If Delilah could speak she’d have said the same. 

Between Cedar Mountain’s twin peaks, the sky had ripped. Torn like from a massive claw, the slice through the tangerine heavens distorted the horizon. The rip was narrowest at its top that started stories above the ground. As it trailed toward the valley floor, its base widened and disappeared behind the mountain’s feet. If it reached the ground, she couldn’t see, as it shimmered in the distance. 
Their cart stalled as Reg and Sarge turned their heads to the sparse grass to munch.

“Billy,” Delilah managed to breathe. She’d held on it without realizing for far too long.  

Without a word her husband cracked the reins and the wagon sputtered forward.First and foremost - Welcome to r/leebeewilly! Thanks for stopping by to read all that I've got here. 

You'll find it's pretty straightforward (for now). The subreddit will mostly feature cross-links from r/writingprompts, posts on other subreddits regarding writing, and links to my . 

I encourage critiques, questions, discussion, you name it. 

#On Going Projects

**Theme Thursday:** Over at the r/WritingPromps there is a weekly post titled Theme Thursday and every week I participate! I repost the responses here, sometimes with edits, sometimes not. A few of the characters carry through from one story to the next, which is kinda fun. 

**MAD Wendigo:** My current ongoing serial, MAD Wendigo, updates every Friday here on the subreddit. You can check out the  and start reading, or feel free to jump in where ever. The parts are generally around 1.5-2.5 thousand words an entry with chapters getting split in two (on average).I just to let those of you that are here on the regular, or reading my serial MAD Wendigo, know that I am alive! 

Life has been terribly dramatic the last few weeks and I've had to step back from posting writing just for a short while. That said, I'm still writing where I can, so the tap still works it's just a little rusty if you'll pardon the terrible analogy. 

I plan to catch up (not just pick up where we left off) and provide some more content to the subreddit ASAP. I just need a few weeks to get back on my feet, find my balance. 

Thanks again for your patience and support.]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

---

The cool breeze of the morning woke Tish. She turned a little, hoping to catch a few more minutes when something shoved her face into the pavement.

Shannon stood above her, his foot prodding her shoulder. “Wake the fuck up, Tish!” He scowled, more than normal. 

Tish rolled her eyes, let herself yawn, and crawled out of her bedroll. With an unsteady shove she pushed off the ground and blearily blinked the day into focus. 

Everyone was up and Shannon paced the camp. Tish couldn't be sure if there was any special reason for his bubbling rage this time. _He is a bit of a prick after all_. Their gear mostly packed and ready to go, Tish squinted through another yawn. Not far away Laurence leaned against a car, his head low. 

“What's your problem?” Tish brushed her hair from her face. It was dirty, hard to manage but there wasn't much she could do about it. It'd been a long while since she'd had some fresh water, even longer since a hot shower. Tugging her matted brown hair back tight she used an old grocery elastic to make a ponytail. 

“She's gone.” Reid shoved supplies into his small backpack. _He looks pissed. Even more than Shannon, if that’s possible_. Glancing up at Laurence she spied the flask and put the pieces together.

_He got drunk again. Fell asleep on his watch._

“And we gotta go look for her. Like now.” Shannon grabbed Tish's bag and shoved it to her chest with a fake plastered smile. 

“Hey, relax, she's half dead. Can't have gone far, right?” Picking up her jacket she shoved it inside her pack and followed Shannon closely. The others started to wake up, the commotion gathering more than a few confused looks. While fishing around in her pack Tish took note of the supplies but nothing seemed to be missing. _Water, food. So she didn't rob us and leave._

“She's been gone for a few hours now,” Laurence admitted. His eyes were bloodshot and his continually rubbed his temple. 

“Tish is right. She can't have gone far.” Reid tossed Laurence a bottle of pills. 

“A few hours?” Tish narrowed her eyes, her bleary waking calm dissolved. “What do you mean _a few_ hours?” _Running us ragged, keeping the pace high and then he goes and gets hammered and we're the ones stuck hunting down-_

“Come on.” Shannon nudged her shoulder. “We'll look while he babysits.”

&nbsp;

Weaving between the cars, Tish and Reid remained relatively quiet, their attentions on finding Cazalla. Shannon, though, he wouldn't or maybe couldn’t shut his damn mouth. 

“I mean I get it. This fucking sucks. We've been tailing that bitch for a long fucking time. We're tired. Hungry, thirsty, and I'm angry I’m still out here. But man... getting tanked on watch. He should have fucking woke me or somethin'. I wouldn't like it, but I'd be happier than I am now.” Shannon kicked a broken mirror on the ground and the glass shattered along the pavement. The sound ricocheted off the metal around them. Any other day Tish would have snapped at him but she couldn't disagree this time. He wasn’t wrong about Laurence. 

“And he won't admit it. You know? He'll just stay all quiet and hope we don't call him out on his shit. I dunno. Maybe Laurence is a liability. I mean, no one wants to follow a old drunk out here in the dark.”

“Shut up, Shannon.” Reid walked on ahead leaving Tish to indulge her partner. 

“That's right Lassy, keep walkin',” Shannon whispered just out of earshot of Reid. “Your nose is lookin' mighty shitty right about now.” 

“Why do you have to be like that?” Tish whispered. “You know he's right. You’re way too loud.” 

Shannon shook his head and snarled a little. “Fuck that. I'm not some lap dog. I’ll be as loud as I like! I’m not interested in being like him.” Shannon motioned at Reid as the distance between swelled. “As I see it, I’m only helping out as long as I get something from it. And right now, there's a whole lot of ‘fuck all’ included with this deal. And come on-” Shannon stopped and stopped Tish. His eye brow cocked, his head tilted toward her, and his voice got real low. “You know I'm right about Laurence. He fucked up big here.” 

“Making him look weak in front of the others isn't going to change that.” 

“The fuck do I care what they think.” 

She eyed Shannon. “They outnumber us.” 

He rolled his eyes. “Not in guns. And Reid’s still a prick.”

Tish was surprised at the sound of her own laugh. The situation was shit but somehow Shannon didn't make it seem all that bad, despite the slur of cursing and complaints. _He complains about everything, though._ She watched him grin and they both turned back to the road.

Reid stopped up ahead, looked around the cars, and checked the ground. He was always too quiet for Tish and Shannon too goddamn loud. She didn’t mind Laurence when they’d started, but like Shannon said, he was getting sloppy. First tipping the girl back in the Glenn, the careless tracking through the Rouge, the tag-along families, and now getting drunk while on watch. _We're lucky nothing worse happened._

“Anything?” Shannon asked Reid with a loaded sigh. 

“Well maybe if you shut up we can listen for her,” Reid barked.

Tish couldn't see a thing. Just more cars forward, more cars back. If that woman left the highway she'd be dead by noon, if not already. _How did she manage to walk off like that? She was next to dead._

“It's quiet out here,” Shannon stated the obvious and Tish caught Reid rolling his eyes.

“She couldn't make it out this far.” Reid turned to face them. “I'm sure of it. We've been walking for what, ten minutes? Even if she had a few hours I can’t imagine she’d get this far.” He stopped short and frowned, looking past Tish and Shannon in the direction of their camp.

“So we backtrack, check another direction for a trail, right?” 

“Yeah of puke probably,” Shannon added. 

To the right rows of houses, only their roofs visible behind the tall barrier, nearly reached the highway. The edge of Scarborough or what was left of it. She heard fires broke out about eight months back. Claimed half the area all the way up to Markham from Sheppard. With no one to stop it the houses burned real good and the fire raged. Anyone in the area hiding in houses or basements probably died; lots of wendigos too. Part of her wanted to walk to the overpass and take in the sight, that morbid curiosity tugging her on.

“Maybe we can get a better look from up there?” She pointed to the overpass. 

Reid shook his head. “Looks like we won't need to.” 

Shannon and Tish turned. A figure running between the cars toward them. One of the kids. 

“That one from last night, armed-and-hardly-dangerous?” Shannon leaned against a bent car door and chuckled at his own joke.

A huff erupted from Reid. “His name’s Ethan.” 

“So? I don’t give a shit what their names are.”

Tish sighed and stepped forward. Heavy breaths burst from the Ethan’s lips and he doubled over once he slowed to a stop.

“Go back to camp, kid. We can't look after you right now.” Tish waved him on but he shook his head. 

“Well speak the fuck up,” Shannon snapped. 

Tish smacked his arm and Shannon mouthed a ‘What?' at her with a shrug. 

“He... .Laurence... he found... her,” Ethan huffed.

Reid sighed from relief. 

Shannon grinned greedily. “Well, put me in a dress and call me fuckin' pretty – these people are good for something!” Starting back, Shannon ruffled the kids hair and slapped his back hard. Ethan pulled away from him and stepped aside as she passed. 

“Thanks for the news messenger boy.” She grinned and gave Ethan a quick nod before following Shannon. 

But the kid didn’t follow. Reid called out to Ethan and the two met up in the road. Though spoke quietly, too quiet for Tish to make it out.The kid shook his head, then nodded. 

It was weird. Reid hadn’t kept his opinion to himself about the She knew Reid hated them being here. No one liked having kids around unprotected. Made her nervous, made them all edgy. That instinct to protect the weakest sort of thing. It just meant the world was more dangerous, that every time something bad was about to happen they wouldn't be able to think of themselves first. 

“You guys coming?” Tish stopped and waited, hands on her hips.

Reid motioned for Ethan to move ahead of him. 

“What was that about?”she pressed but the medic wouldn’t say. He just shrugged and kept walking. _And that's why no one likes you, Reid._

&nbsp;

Back at the camp Laurence stood alone by the now dead fire. He looked closer to sober but with the small crowd forming around him Tish wondered if he could handle the commotion.

“Well, where is she? Our master of disguise,” Shannon demanded. 

At first glance Tish didn't see her but from the look that Laurence shot Shannon she had a feeling that wasn't at the top of the list of their problems. 

“Something going on?” Tish asked, looking between Laurence and the others.

“They wanted to share their opinions is all,” Laurence informed them with with a touch of humour in his voice. Not a lot though. The drink was still nipping at his words and he braced himself against a small hatchback. His blank smile spelled a short fuse. 

“Who cares what they want.” Shannon received his fare share of glares for saying so. 

“I think you really should shut up, Shannon,” Tish whispered, but it was the glare Laurence levelled that quieted Shannon some. 

Reid walked directly to Laurence, ignoring everyone. “Where is she?”

Laurence nodded his head to the car he was leaning against, pulling the shotgun in front of him and using it like a cane. Tish followed Reid's lead and looked inside the car to find Cazalla curled up in the trunk of the hatchback. She appeared no worse for wear, tucked beneath a blanket. 

“Chandra Singh and her friends here, believe it's far too dangerous to be traveling with this woman and insist we ‘deal’ with her. Despite out previous conversation,” Laurence said.

Shannon's smile crept wider as he removed his gun. “Oh really?” He took a step closer to the group but Laurence shook his head. Despite the silent command, Tish grasped her machete’s handle. 

“We understand you might want to protect her-” Chandra started. 

“Let me stop you there, because you really don’t.” Laurence grinned. Pulling out the poster, he unwrapped and handed it to Chandra. She read quickly and her eyes grew wide. “This is why we ‘keep’ her. This is why we're not going to let you or anyone else ‘deal’ with her.” 

Chandra spoke quickly to the other adults before nodding and giving back the paper to Laurence's outstretched hand. Tish didn't need to see it to know what lay there. She had her own back at the college, they all did. The posters once littered the streets and were easily found in the garbage heaps through the city. Ashley Cazalla. She was almost shocked they didn't recognize her but few went looking for the woman who destroyed the world. 

“All settled then? Because I don’t like repeating myself.” Laurence said.

Chandra nodded slowly, eyeing the hatchback. 

“Good. Tish, see them back to their friends and help them get ready. We move once they’re packed.” 

The tourists moved back to their camp with Tish falling behind. When she glanced back Laurence and Reid argued quietly as Shannon blew her an exaggerated kiss. Tish flicked up her middle finger in return. 

“Is she really the one who did all this?” Ethan asked quietly. The teen seemed to stand out, in Tish's opinion. Not that he was anything special but the he wasn't as afraid as the others. While theadults of their group argued about Cazalla, this kid was just curious. It was almost refreshing.

“Dunno, kid.” Her hand hovered over the machete. Chandra argued a few feet ahead of them. Sounded like some small power struggle between them on their course of action. Some wanted to go keep going, some wanted to kill Cazalla. One of the men, the eldest Tish guess, argued a little louder than she liked. And beside her Ethan watched them, eyes fixed in a glare. 

“If she did or didn’t do all this, I don't really care. She's a way to get out of this place so what does it matter?” 

The adults disbanded and started to pack up quietly, the kids following suit. Apparently Chandra still had a meager hold on her authority, for what it was worth.

“Just try not to think about it, okay?” Tish said. 

Ethan nodded and walked off as Tish stood guard watching not just for wendigos.

---


Thank you for reading! If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions. I love interacting with readers. 


]  — ]Originally posted October 14th, 2019 ]

---

“Mitch,” Captain Owen called as he entered ship’s engine room. Plumes of plum coloured smoke puffed from the struggling engine in clouds thick enough to need wafting to wade through. 

“Blast it, Mitch! I thought you had this under control!” Owen hollered. 

“I do!” Magchanic Mitch said. 

Owen made it through the mist to stare at the machine. The engine sat in the potion pool where it choked and spewed vile smoke. The liquid, a vile wine purple that should have glowed a healthy green, reached up to Mitch’s knees.  

“We have a job on Benzac Four and I kinda need my ship running to get there.” Owen scratch his stubble as he stared at the sickly heart of his spaceship.

“I’m working on it,” Mitch countered as he dipped his hands into the putrid potion. 

Owen sighed. “How’d this happen?”

Mitch looked past Owen to the ship’s enchantineer. “Ask Vera.” 

Her long dark robes draped on the corrugated steel, the hood devouring her face. 

“It wasn’t my fault,” Vera said, muffled by the robes. Before her, steam soared smelling of burning sage and grease that made Owen’s eyes burn. 

“Not so sure about that,” Mitch said. 

“It was the fuel philter. The muska yarrow was bad,” Vera said.

Mitch spat out a laugh. “It ain’t the yarrow’s fault that *you* didn’t notice!” 

Vera spun with a glare, robes billowing about her. “It isn’t *my* fault that *you* bought rotten muska yarrow!”

“Enough!” Captain Owen yelled through the clamouring voices and pungent mists. “I don’t care whose fault it is. I want it fixed.”

Both Mitch and Vera huffed. 

“How long?” Owen asked his magchanic. 

“Vera?” Mitch said. 

“Give me a gods damned minute you bloated tinkering…” her voice trailed off. 

The echantineer cleared her throat and raised her arms to the air. 
    
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; “Gods of iron and steam and steel,

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Called by unquestioned expertise-” 

She stopped to glare over her shoulder at Mitch.

&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp; “Cleanse this engine of rust and grease,

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Once choked by fetid muska swill.”

The swirling cauldron before Vera puffed out steam that smelled of baked apples that soothed Owen's stinging nose. 

Vera turned triumphantly and shrugged the robes off her shoulders. In her hands she held a small phial that bubbled, boiled, and seemed to shake. Despite that, Vera held it steadily with a smirk. 

“Here.” She passed the apple-green phial to Mitch. 

The magchanic poured the contents into the engine’s intake. The sputtering came to a stop. The smoke ceased spewing. The clouds cleared. The engines potion pool swelled green at the centre, dissolving the sickly purple brew. 

Mitch pat the engine and stepped out of the potion. Electric blue sparks skipped from the pool to the engine itself, and the machinery came back to a healthy rumble. 

“Looks like we’re good.” Mitch smiled at the captain. 

With hands on her hips, Vera turned her back to Mitch. “But now we’re out of yarrow.”

> WC: 500Originally posted August 20th, 2019 ]

This is a scene written from a novel concept. Mars Noir I've affectionately called "Egg" (hardboiled detective fiction pun. Yes, it's bad.) 

May see some more from the life of Edith "Eddy" Vos in the future. 

---

Eddy rolled from the sheets as her phone hummed on the nightstand. Caller ID: Rupert. 

Eddy muted the phone and looked back to the bed. With the cover tossed clear, the bright fluorescent lights outside the window cascaded rays along Layla’s thigh. Soft skin Eddy could still feel in her hands. After a gentle moan, Layla tugged the covers over her hips, rolling onto her back. Despite the sheet, Eddy admired every curve of Layla’s shape. With each slow breath, she looked more relaxed than Eddy remembered ever feeling. 

Her phone pinged again.

Naked, Eddy crossed the strange room quietly. She nearly closed the bathroom door, leaving only a sliver open. With the light off she answered the call in a whisper. “Yeah?”

“Do you have eyes on her?” Captain Rupert Vos asked.

Eddy looked to Layla’s shape again. She basked in the neon rays, her dark curls from the evening before relaxing in pitch waves on the pillow. “Yeah.” 

“And?”

“And what?”

“Where is Layla Powell?”

“Her place.”
 
“What is she doing?” 

“Its 03:30. She’s Sleeping.” 

“Alone?”

“Nope.” 

Rupert sighed and Eddy could picture him pinching the bridge of his nose. He did it even when they were kids, that odd serious child that rarely laughed. 

“Who is she with?” he asked, his voice sharp.

Eddy bit her lip.

Rupert cursed on the other end of the line when she didn’t answer. “What the hell were you thinking? She is a person of interest! You were supposed to tail her, get eyes on her, not-”

“I’ve *got* eyes on her,” she snapped.  

“Of all the reckless… This is exactly the kind of shit I fired you for. To think I went out of my way to give you this assignment-” 

“Oh fuck off, Rupert. You know you couldn’t give this to any of your people so don’t pretend you’re doing me any favours. We both know you don’t give a shit about what happens to me.” 

He paused to breathe. “I may not like you or how you do things, but you are blood.” 

For a moment that pang slithered back in, guilt and shame knotting her gut. He could have hired any approved investigator with the department but he asked Eddy. She closed her eyes and tried to squint away the headache forming in her brow. 

“That last thing we need is for you to embarrass the family again.”
 
Her eyes snapped open. As quickly as her shame came it unravelled in bile. “If you have a point, get to it, or I’m hanging up.”

“I need you to not fuck this up, *Edith*.”

She shook her head with a wry grin. “Good talking to you, brother.” 

“Her connections might be more-” *Click.*

As Eddy hung up the line the sliding door to the bathroom opened. 

“Hey.” Layla smiled lazily, a hand sliding through her thick hair. “I got cold,” she cooed. 

Eddy turned her phone off and stood. “That won’t do,” she whispered against Layla’s lips.

> WC: 499Posted August 14th, 2019 - ]


---

The crimson sky above Tacrion 4 glittered with light, though Private Yin knew it was just a trick of the eye. Nothing more than the atmosphere playing off the bellies of ships; United Defense Legion’s Cruisers and The Ascendency’s Destroyers. Normally the vessels skipped across the sky firing little pops of colour in shades of pulse fire. Yet today they remained still for one precious word. 

Ceasefire. 

“Duck,” Yin said to the android across the foxhole. “How long have they been up there?”

The android’s ocular sockets closed and the slightest whirring of his coolant system sounded. “Nine-hundred, seventy-five minutes since last burn.”

Yin nodded and chewed on the twisted wrapper of his used ration. The taste of soy protein and anti-tox meds still clung to his teeth. Yin leaned into the dirt wall, the near tangerine soil snaked with blue vines. The circulatory system of a world burning around them. *Well, not for the last nine-hundred and seventy-five minutes.* 

“How long since I last asked?” 

“Twelve minutes, Private.” Corporal Duck’s sockets opened and he leaned back, mimicking Yin’s posture. Duck even kicked out his dented, scratched but still shining chrome-plated leg in Yin’s mirror image. 

Yin smirked. “Why ‘Duck’, Duck?” Despite the weeks together on Tacrion 4 trapped in trenches, bunkers, and foxholes, Yin had yet to ask. “You don’t look like a duck to me.” 

Duck didn’t smile. The smooth surface of where a mouth would be was no more than a lit communications device, but he cocked his head like he did when Yin or the others told a joke. “You do not look like a ‘Yin’ to me.” 

Yin chuckled and a cough crept up his throat. Blue bile touched his lips. The same blue of Tacrion 4’s flora. The same Blue Death that took all UDL ground forces in the end. As Yin stared at the clump in his hand, riddled with tiny strings of his red blood, the shake came to tremble his hands. It hit when he thought too much, when he waited in the quiet, when the ground grew still, when the sky paused, when the stars held their breaths. When everything in the universe seemed to freeze on the edge of an infinite that would swallow them whole. 

“I chose my name.” Corporal Duck shifted forward and Yin looked from his hand to the android soldier. 

“Yeah?” Yin wiped the bile from his lips and the shake subsided. “Why the hell did you pick ‘duck’?”

Before Corporal Duck could answer a boom thundered through the atmosphere. Both android and human alike turned up to the torched sky. 

The Ascendency’s Destroyers fired freely on UDL Cruisers.

The shattered peace rained down on the fields of Tacrion 4 and Yin exhaled a breath he’d didn’t realize he’d been holding. 

“I have always wanted to see a duck,” the Corporal said as he handed Private Yin his pulse rifle. 

> wc: 492 or 485?! WHO KNOWS!Originally Posted July 31st, 2019 ]

Another "Cupcake Girl" story, or a Cody and Dan Short! I should probably start a shorts listing.... haha


 and 


---


Cody shifted from one leg to the next. The music pounded and the drink's condensation trickled over her fingers. Every sensation seemed heightened, ten fold, as she avoided all eyes in the room. 

Yet every pair had locked on her. 

*“Wear your costume, it’s freaking awesome! How could a space-party NOT be fun!”* Stella’s voice called from memory, pounding with Cody’s pulse in her ears. But in a sea of wookies, Jedi, Leia bikini’s, and hackneyed Han Solo’s, her TNG Romulan didn’t quite blend.

*Fuck. My. Life.*

The broad sharp shoulders, glinting under the spiked chest piece, couldn’t be missed. Yet despite the fraternity’s nearly bursting walls, a buffer of space had formed around Cody. 

“Oh my god!” A young woman with Leia buns in a high-slit white robe, stopped and looked Cody up and down. “Is that a Lady Gaga costume?” 

Cody felt her cheeks rose beneath the short black wig and sweat threatened to unseal the prosthetic eyebrows that stretched up to her hairline. “No, not Lady Gaga.” 

“Oh, well, it’s really… *neat*. Though if you’re looking to hook up, you could like, tighten it?” The young woman put the red cup to her lips and drained the last of her drink as she walked away. 

Cody fumbled through her pockets for her phone. *Where the flying fuck are you?* Her fingers couldn’t punch out the letters to Stella fast enough. 

“Hey, like the pads.” The dollar store Han Solo, ducktape vest and all, sauntered over. “From that show…”

Cody smiled a little. 

“Star Trak?” he said.

Her smile disappeared. “Yeah. Star *Trek*. Kind off theme, right?”

“Nah, man. I love that movie. Kaaaaaaan!” He held his drink up in the air and the crowd cheered back, though they didn’t seem to know why. “Benedict Cumber-batch was great.” 

Cody died a little inside. She sighed and started another text. *If you’re not here in 30 seconds I’m gonna-*

“I don’t know man, you can’t beat Ricardo Montalbán.” Beside her, the classic mustard of Captain Kirk’s uniform caught her eyes. “He had this presence. Even with Shatner right there, he was amazing.” 

The cheap Han Solo fidgeted with his drink and plastic blaster. “Who’s Shatner?”

Cody and Captain Kirk exchange a look. “Is he serious?” the Captain asked. 

Cody shrugged. “Not sure I want to know.” Her smile grew wide as Solo meandered away. 

“Sorry if I chased him off,” Kirk said. 

Cody grinned. “Don’t think I’m missing much, Captain.” 

He laughed. “I’m Dan.”

“Cody,” she said.

“I like it.” Dan motioned to the costume. “Romulans are hard to make look good, but you look awesome.”

A blush formed on her cheeks. “Thanks. Took ages but entirely worth it.”

A shape burst through the crowd, two drinks in her hands. Draped down her front she wore a long white apron, *Bake it So* with Captain Picard’s face across the front.

“ENGAGE BITCHES!” Stella yelled. 

“She with you?” Dan asked with a smirk. 

“Unfortunately,” Cody laughed. 

>wc: 499Originally posted July 30th, 2019 ]


Also, continued from a previous TT ]

---


*“Here am I floating 'round my tin can / Far above the moon / Planet Earth is blue / And there's nothing I can do.”*

The guitar solo kicked in and Nora’s lip began to tremble. She tucked herself into the corner of the couch and brought her legs up to her chest. Despite the summer heat she wore Steven’s sweater.

Her phone buzzed on the coffee table and Nora lazily reached over. Lauren’s face bobbed on the screen. Nora swiped red. 

The song came to an end with a sigh Nora pressed repeat on the stereo remote. 

Her phone hummed and skipped across the table. This time she didn’t bother pick it up. Nora tilted her head back and closed her eyes but behind them, all she could see was his face. 

*Forty-three miles.* 

Her tears threatened to resurface. 

As her phone buzzed a third time, Nora turned her back to the room. She pressed her face into the cushion and turned up the volume on the stereo.

“Nora!” A muffled voice called from the apartment building’s hallway. “Open the goddamn door!” 

“Go away.” Nora scrunched herself into the corner and nuzzled the sweater trying to remember what it felt like in his arms. 

*Forty-three fucking miles.*

“I’ll call the cops,” Lauren said as her fist hammered the door. “You know I will! I got a whole speech ready and I’m damn convincing.” 

Nora sucked in a deep breath and rolled off the couch. As she made her way to the door, Lauren pounded so hard that the frame shook. 

“Alright, I’m coming.” Nora slipped off the lock. She opened the door and turned her back to it.

“Jesus, you look like shit.” Lauren followed Nora into the apartment. “What the hell are you doing?”

“What does it look like.” Nora flopped back on the couch and tugged Steven’s sweater closer.

“Okay, this is getting to be a bit much. You can’t sit in here by yourself all week.” 

“Pretty sure I can.” 

Lauren sighed. “I get it. Breakups suck. Steve was descent but this...” Lauren waved at the state of the room, clothing, takeout wrappers, and liquor cans littering nearly every surface. “This is ridiculous.” 

“I fucked up.” Nora’s eyes welled and she closed them as tight as she could. “I fucked up so bad and I can’t… I can’t go outside. It’s like everyone knows.” 

“Okay." Lauren puffed out a breath. “Yeah, you fucked up.” 

Nora opened her eyes and glared at her best friend. 

“What, you did! You cheated on Steve. But locking yourself up in this apartment and taking vacation days to blare sad David Bowie songs while drinking yourself into a stupor won't change anything.” 

“I just… I miss him.” 

Laura’s arm reached over Nora’s shoulder and they leaned back into the couch. “I know, but you gotta stop punishing yourself. Just remember this and try to be better next time.” 

Nora’s shoulders shook and her tears flowed freely as the guitar solo kicked in. 

> wc: 500Originally Posted July 24th, 2019 - ]

---

“I’m sorry.” 

Steven said nothing. 

“Really. I’m so sorry, Steve. You can’t begin to understand how sorry I am about it.”

His fingers grated against his jeans before he curled them into his palm. 

“It just… happened, you know?”

From his peripherals he watched Nora reach out, her fingers inches from his own. 

But she retracted. “It meant nothing. It was, I don’t know, I’d had too much to drink and Charlie-”

Steven winced and his fingers dug in deep. The skin of his palms split. 

“It was… I mean, you’d been gone for so long. A month didn’t seem like a long time before but, it was like there was something between us. This gap.”

Steven frowned. He shook his head. 

“I know we texted and we talked but when you said you were going to be gone for a month, I didn’t really think about what that meant for me. I thought I could handle it, that it wouldn't be so bad, but then that whole fight with Lauren started and I needed someone to talk to. Someone to listen.” 

He couldn’t stop looking at his jeans. The grain. The blue. An old rip sewn shut.

“I needed you. I needed someone to really be here for me.” 

For the first time in minutes, Nora stopped talking. She sighed, shifted in her seat. The inches between them grew into feet. 

Steven pressed his palms along the soft worn grain of his jeans. Little smears of red stuck to the old rip’s seam. 

“It was really hard without you. And that’s not an excuse, I’m not…” She puffed out a breath. “I’m not trying to say what happened was okay. It shouldn’t have happened and I’m sorry. But, you have to understand-” 

“No.” Stephen stood. 

“Wait, we have to talk about this.” 

“No.” A tired sigh left him as he looked to his palms. Little lines. Little rips. Space between what he’d never meant to part. 

“What, that’s it then?” Nora pushed off the couch and with each step she took, his stride took a larger one. “You won’t even let me explain?”

Steven turned and, from across the room, she looked small. Far away. So far from where he thought they’d been.

“No.” 

“You’re throwing six years away because of one mistake? A mistake that meant *nothing*. Nothing, Steven! You have to believe me, I never-I didn’t-I’m not…”

He let her finish even though she said nothing else. Nora’s eyes teared or tried to, Steven wasn’t sure. He backed towards the door and when she moved to follow he shook his head. 

“Forty-three miles.” His hand flexed around the doorknob. “You felt closer then than you do now.”  

Steven closed the door behind him. 

> WC: 459Originally Posted July 12th, 2019 - ]

Oooh boy, I'm late posting this. Also, I may have included some edits from the feedback in Writing Prompts Campfire! 

----

Ozor paced the room, his robes trailing across the cracked stone floors. With each step, his weighted staff thundered down and birthed an echo against the bare walls. 

“Again!” he shouted for the tenth time. 

Pim, the apprentice, nodded and approached the candle. It stood on a tall singular stick, the pillar of the wax smooth and pristine. Its wick unburnt.

Pim held out his hands astride the candle. He stared at the wick. He controlled his breaths. “By Lotham’s grace, let thy wick burn!” 

The candle remained perfect. Its wick unburnt. 

Ozor sighed and grumbled. “Enough. I’m tired of watching you fail at the simplest of spells.” The conjurer’s eyes narrowed and he slammed his staff on the stones. 

The candle burst into a towering flame, beckoned to life without a word. 

“Return to your studies. We’ll see if reading in the dark sparks some sort of talent out of you.” Without so much as a wave, Ozor started for the tall staircase

Pim followed.

As the conjurer continued on to his own chambers, Pim walked the dimly lit halls of Ozor’s Tower. There was but one rule under Ozor’s tutelage; *We use only what we conjure. We conjure only what we need.* 

Pim stumbled against the doorway of the library and, with hands outstretched, he navigated to the stacks. He squinted at the embossing on the spines of the tomes but it was never enough. Instead, he reached out with his fingers and smoothed across the leather bindings. 

*Lotham’s Nine Laws on the Conjunction of Elemental Conjuration.* 

Pim slipped the book from the shelf. He stumbled to a table and took a seat. As delicate as he could, far more delicate than he’d ever seen Ozor be, Pim opened the thick leather front. 

The parchment gleamed. Not the natural white of a pristine page preserved with care, but an unnatural radiance. The words inscribed in the center of the page looked dull compared to what surrounded it. A woven lattice of vines in gold leaf with brightly coloured pigment filled what of the page wasn’t blocked with text. Faces, ornaments, and the shapes of archaic alchemical symbols created a rich vibrant tapestry. 

For Ozor, the words were the true value of the book, not what the conjurer called “decadent decoration”.

But for Pim the fascination lay in the illuminations. Light magicked from the vellum itself and, although the manuscript did not shed light on the room, the design glowed for Pim.

Fumbling about the desk, he picked up a dry stylus and brought the nib to the page. Though it bore no ink, its tip dipped into the vellum and stained it an iridescent golden-green. 

*Not all magic is equal*, he scribed.

In response, the intricate painting of the illumination gave shape to Lotham’s true laws.

*As discussed on the subject of the "blind conjurer", one's capability to see potential is of far more use to a conjurer than the simple act of conjuration itself.* 

> WC: 499

This is for you u/breadyly -  "Who needs illumination when you have illuminating illuminations?"] - , . 

---

Rain set upon his shoulders, its gentle drizzle drowning out the sound of carts and carriages through the square. Despite the years that had passed, the platform still stood at the square’s center, the block shining in the wet. 

Elern passed it quickly, tugging the heavy cloak about his shoulders. Seeing it still there stirred him to purpose. Each door he knocked on squeaked as it opened, and the heat of the hearths beamed against his skin. But there was no more warmth in the faces that greeted him. Few bothered much more than a point in the direction that led him further from the square. 

His destination was smaller than he’d imagined. A home nestled between a smithy and a cobbler shop. 

“Yes?” A young woman answered the door. She couldn’t be any older than him. 

“I’m looking for Hugo.” Beneath his cloak Elern’s hand rest against the pommel of his sword.

The young woman narrowed her eyes on him a moment before opening the door. Elern stepped inside, his cloak dripping, but he did not remove it. 

“He passed some years ago.” 

Elern sighed. “Did he have any family?”

“Aye. He was my father. This our home.” Her eyes, dark and discerning, hadn’t let up off his face.

“I understand. I’m sorry to have bothered you.” He turned for the door.
“He told me a story of this night, every year.” 

Elern paused. 

“About the day he took the king’s head.” 

Elern’s fingers gripped his sword and turned back to the woman and the fire. “So he was the executioner?”

“Aye. Papa was the best.” She sat down by a steaming pot and motioned to the chair across from hers. 

“Every year on the day he took Thogan’s head he told the story.” 

“Of how he killed a king?”

She shook her head and he spied the smallest smile on her lips. “No. Papa told me of a man who did not flinch or falter before the masses screaming ” She stirred the pot, her face a glow. “He told me of a king thanking him, the man who would take his head! All for a small kindness. Papa always said he thought Thogan brave and lucky.” 

In slow careful strides, Elern reached the chair by the fire. “How?” He choked on the word. “How could he have been lucky?” he whispered.

“There was music, Prince Elern.” As she said his name she prodded the coals, stoking the fire. 

“You-” he looked fearfully to the door. “You know me?”

“I was there that day. You look like your father.” Only then did she turn to him and her eyes had softened. “I can tell you the story if you like. Your father’s and mine?” 

Elern’s hand slid from his sword and he pulled back his cloak. He nodded and relaxed into the chair. 

The young woman turned to face him. “This morning, twelves years ago, was surprising cold,” she started. 

WC: 491---


Ned wavered before the weathered headstone. The year before it’d seemed more… intact, but now it looked decades older. 

“Oh shit.” He squinted and the name came into focus. “Wrong one.” 

His whiskey induced swagger had him backtrack to the end of the row. He recounted and moved on to a newer, but still beaten headstone. 

“There you are.” He tipped the bottle back again. The luke-warm drink burned like fire as it dripped down his throat, and beyond his lips a little. “Not that old yet, eh Beckett?” 

Becket Strubs. Died August First. There weren’t any years, in part out of respect for and in part because Ned couldn’t remember when his old friend had been born. 

“What do ends mean without beginnings, eh old mate?” Ned chuckled to himself and held the whiskey bottle above the overgrown grave. “Come on up for a drink.” Ned swayed in place. “Something and that stuff with worms and, oh god, what the hell was the incantation…” 

Ned squinted as the ground rumbled beneath his feet. “Come forth and yonder, you shit. I’m bored!”

More whiskey wet the soil. 

Slow and steady, bony digits pressed their way through the grave dirt. Index finger, thumb, and barely enough flesh to hold the wrist together. 

“Yooooou reek,” Becket grumbled without a throat. 

Ned glared at the torso worming its way out. “You should talk. Every year you get just a bit more ripe.” 

“You used to be good at this.” Becket looked to his knobbly fingers as he freed himself from the soil. “What happened to ‘returned to my glory?’”

“Forgot.” Ned burped. “Forgot the rest of the incantation. Sorry about that.” 

“You’re such a shit…” 

Ned flopped next to the grave and offered up the bottle to the mess of bones and rotting flesh. Despite the sloughed skin it still sort of looked like Becket to Ned. At least in the scowling region. 

“Fix it or I go back in the hole and you drink by yourself.” 

Ned rolled his eyes. “I’m not made of magic, mate.” 

“Come on, Ned. You promised. Once a year.” 

“Fine.” Ned tried to stand but dropped the bottle and with it a slew of curses. “Bone and sinew, flesh and skin, return your Majesty, return to-” Ned burped. “Return to this shit.” 

The soil stirred and from the earth all manner of bugs, shining and slithering, crept toward Becket’s bony form. But as they touched it was as Ned had commanded; bone, sinew, flesh, and skin wove itself into the one-eyed, one-legged majesty Becket had been upon his death. 

“Still can’t muster up a better leg for me?”

Ned shrugged. 

“Well, seeing as I’ve got to catch up.” Becket swiped the bottle and tipped it back. In a gulp, he drained what was left and let out a healthy laugh. “How’s about we get to celebrating?” 

“To another year, mate.” Ned took Becket's arm-stump to steady himself. “Pub?” 

Becket grinned. “Pub.” 

> WC: 499Just a little something that I think became "accidental poetry". You know, with more line breaks. 

] 

---

Sneakers wet with morning dew skid into the hall. The screech reached into her eardrums as it careened and rebounded against every wall. For dozens of feet, the gleaming surface reflected the line of lockers, its sheen impossible were it not polished by machine.

As the first squeal of rubber on linoleum died in echoes, the second step conjured with it more than sound. The ghost of fresh cleaner, bleach infested, stung her nose. This was no Thursday night floor water, no mop and slop dropped with a plop into a bucket steaming and soiled with a week's worth of grime. 

This was pristine. Clean. The very essence of the word burned through to her lungs, to her tongue. To taste buds still clinging to the memory of jam on toast but no- *this* clean floor wriggled its way inside. It'd stick to her mouth all day. 

Monday floors. Shining, screeching, stinging, screaming, Monday floors.Originally posted July 3rd, 2019 - ]

----

Jenn slung her bag off her shoulder and slipped into her desk chair. Unlike the others around her, her desk was clean and clear of personal items. But not this morning. 

“Hey,” Jonathan slung an arm over the cubicle wall. “I thought your birthday was in May?”

Jenn looked at the bright card propped up on the desk, the reflective shapes of balloons cut out in cardstock. The front speckled with glittered letters: *CELEBRATE!*

“It is,” she said, but her pulse thundered. 

Upon opening, the chip-tune version of The Beatles’ “Birthday” played. Inside, the card displayed the regular platitude in vibrant blue print. But beneath, in blank ink and scrawled in sharp letters it read, *Thinking of you, Sara.*

Jenn dropped the card. The song cut short. 

Jonathan came around the cubicle and picked it up and the chip-tune resumed. “Huh, must have the wrong desk. You know a Sara?” 

*No.* 

Jenn grabbed her bag and looked around the office. The usual faces greeted and the meandering clumps of the call centre staff bobbed between cubicle walls. 

*It can’t be.* 

“Whoa, Jenn-” Jonathan said as she backed down the aisle. In seconds she was at the elevator, despite his calling, slamming the door close button. 

Jenn flipped out her phone and dialled a number long ago memorized. 

“Pick up… pick up…” She paced the elevator floor. 

“Hello-”

“He found me,” she blurted, watching the floors tick down.

“Jenn?”

“He found me, Allen. No one else knows today is my-” 

“Okay, calm down. You’re probably overreacting. It’s been years since-”

“No, you don’t get it, Allen. He. Found. Me.” The elevator chimed, the doors opened, and Jenn pushed past the crowed waiting in the lobby. “I got to work and there was a card. A birthday card.” 

“Jenn-”

“Not in an envelope, it was just on the desk. Sitting there.” She pushed through the building’s front doors and out into the street, rushing down the sidewalk toward the employee parking lot. 

“Jenn, you need to breathe.”

“Don’t tell me to fucking breath, Allen. The card said ‘Sara’.” 

Allen grew quiet on the line. 

“He found me.” 

“That’s not- it could be a coincidence.”

“It’s not and you know it.” 

“Jenn-”

“You promised. You promised he’d never find me. He’d never be able to-”

“Jenn, I need-”

“If he knows where I work, he knows where I live, and he can-”

“Sara!” 

She stopped in front of her car, panting a breath.

“You’re alright. Say it.”

Sarah exhaled a controlled breath. “I’m alright.”

“Good. Now, you’re not far from the precinct so head over and I’ll make sure this gets checked out. Okay?” 

“Okay,” she said as she unlocked her car door. “Okay. I’ll be there in ten.” 

*It’s all in your head.* Sara put the keys in the ignition and sighed. *Please just let it all be in your head.* 

But a breath exhaled against her neck and the flash of steel pressed to her throat. 

“Happy Birthday, Sara.”Umm, going with the more archaic use of "fascination" meaning to bewitch or charm. Does it work? Could it be better? haha you let ME know. 

]

Formatting: I used "quotes"  because I'd much rather centre aligned the other parts. 

----

Her finger curled in and her smile lured. Though the moon wasn’t yet at its fullest, light peaked through the thick canopy.

“Ameline,” Gilbert said as he trailed after her. “Wherever are you leading me?”

Ameline feigned a pout. “Would you ruin the surprise merely to sate your curiosity? I have gone to great lengths this night. I’ll not have you spoil it.”

“If I can’t know the prize, please, bestow me a clue?”

Ameline giggled. “Oh, sweet foolish boy.” 

On she led him through the woods, the moonlight their only guide. Upon passing through the thronged thicket, they reached a glade. The trees pulled back and moonlight flickered on the damp sides of the tall grass.

But Gilbert fell behind and the wisp of gold locks upon Ameline’s head disappeared in the towering meadow.

“Ameline?” Gilbert called.

She did not answer.

“Ameline!”

“Shh."

Gilbert spun on his heels to find her but inches from his face, her green eyes lit like fire. 

“You have no need to shout,” she whispered.

Even had he wanted to, Gilbert could not tare himself away from her enchanting gaze.

With care, her lips pressed to his. Soft strawberry lips. Not in his life had he ever tasted something so sweet. Where his hands reached out to draw her nearer, her steps guided him back.

Gilbert tripped over a stone. With a tumble, he fell into a circle where the grass had been shorn short. The circle was made of large stones with the verdant glade a surrounding wall.

Gilbert frowned and looked about. “Ameline?” 

She stood beyond the circle. Her eyes narrowed and her smile dissolved. “You’ll not spoil this.”

The tall grass rustled around him. Gilbert inched away on his hands and knees but the stones burst into bright green flames. Though the fires towered high and wide, they did not light the grass beside them. 

From the dark, the shapes drew nearer.

> “The green fire lights, through rain and thunder,
> 
> and something wicked comes from under.”

Voices, too many to tell, chanted.

> “Slither past and let the earth be broke.
> 
> By circle and call, let our will invoke.”

The soil rumbled and parted at Gilbert's feet and a great green serpent burst forth. Its skin shimmered in the firelight, its eyes just as entrancing as Ameline’s. He could not look away from where it loomed above him.

> “With this bless-ed gift, let death recede.”

Just past the towering serpent, the faces by the fires became clear. Withered, husked, old, and cracked, their skin seemed leathered by the sun. But by some strange witchery, their years leeched from their features before his very eyes. Their skin revived. Their beauty restored.

> “By green witch-fire, Great Serpent, feed.”

The creature's scaled lips parted. Its head recoiled. Gilbert reached out to Ameline beyond the green fire but she looked on unflinching. Smiling.

The serpent's mouth hammered down on Gilbert, his body devoured in one gulp.

> wc: 499Originally posted June 18th (*Turn*) and June 19th (*Causality*), 2019. ]

Putting these two together because they are *somewhat* related. Mixed feedback on these in the r/WritingPrompts campfire that turned out pretty helpful. 


---
***Turn***
----

“Please,” Carla let her words draw out long and smooth. “Follow me through to the back, sweet child.”

Carla pulled back the curtain as the young woman stepped through to the back of her shop. The woman couldn’t be more than eighteen, that natural blush still clinging to her cheeks as her eyes hungrily scoured the walls. The trinkets that lined Madam Kala’s Occult Shop varied from the authentic to the misleading. More than half were junk she’d found in estate sales tarted up to deceive the less discerning. 

Carla’s wine coloured dress dragged across the floor hiding discount flip-flops as she led her customer to the table. 

“My name’s Sandy, Madam Kala.” 

“Have a seat, Sandy” 

Sandy coiffed curls bounced as she sat. The round table was surrounded in thick drapery to force intimacy and the necessary veil of darkness. At the table’s center sat the crystal ball. The moment Sandy took her seat, the girl's eyes fixed on the pristine orb.
 
“Tell me, Sandy,” Carla slipped to her seat across the small table. “What answers from tomorrow do you seek?”

“Donnie,” Sandy whispered the name. “Madam Kala, I’m worried he’s going to cheat on me like Brandon did. I just…” Sandy huffed out a sigh and her lips formed a pout.

“You want solace to know he is true?”  

Sandy nodded and sat back. 

*Showtime.* Carla rolled back her sleeves to reveal layers of bracelets tied about her wrists. At two bucks a pop, they served to enhance the mystery even if they damn things chaffed. She leaned over the ball and put her foot over the pedal hidden beneath the table. The dimmed enclosed circle lit softly, the small light projecting up into the crystal ball. It was all for the customer, of course. To feel a part of the experience. 

But in it, Carla saw more. Past the light, truth formed in images. 

*The girl. The door to Carla’s shop. She turns right. Days fluttered before Carla’s eyes, two days, she guessed by the suns rise and set. A boy. A fight. Tears blurring Sandy’s sight. A car. A red light… missed. Glass. Blood.*

*A body.* 

*Cheap bracelet beads littered the pavement. Purple robes torn and stained scarlet. Carla’s robes. Carla’s dark waves in the street. Carla’s eyes open. Forever open. Seeing…*

“…nothing.” Carla panted back a breath and pushed away from the table. 

“What did you see?” Sandy asked. 

Carla sought the crystal. Her hands braced on either side. 

*The girl. The door to Carla’s shop. She turns left. A day flutters before her eyes. Another girl. Another fight. The boy watches. Nails scratching. Yelling. A trip, just a slip in the rain. Glass. Blood. A body.* 

*Sandy’s curls stained red. Sandy’s eyes open. Forever open.* 

“Madam Kala?”

Carla looked up, sweat upon her brow. 

“Is everything alright?”

“Yes,” Carla lied as she sat down. “You have nothing to fear, child, so long as you turn left when you leave.”

> WC: 496

---
***Causality***
---

Raindrops lined his shoulders and wet his hair. Upon entering Madam Kala’s Occult Shop he brushed them clear. 

“Welcome,” Madam Kala smiled from behind the glass counter where trinkets from the meticulous to cheaply made lay with inflated prices. “Please feel free to ask any questions you may have.” 

He nodded, scanning the room. The scent of sandalwood incense stung his nose. *Why is it always sandalwood?* 

“I read,” he reached into his pocket and pulled free the store’s business card. “You do readings?”
Madam Kala’s smile lit her lips. “Crystal ball. For 39.99 I provide an initial reading.” Her eyes looked him up and down unabashed. “For something more intense, 79.99.” 

“How do I know you’re the real deal?”

Madam Kala’s eyes fluttered and her smile grew sly. “You must have faith or it won’t matter if I’m real or not.”

He pulled out his wallet and produced four twenties. As he handed them over she folded them neatly and pressed the bills inside the bra of her dress. 

“This way.” Madam Kala slid off her stool and lifted back her curtain. Behind it was just as he expected; drapery on the walls, the lights dimmed, the small round table with two chairs and a crystal ball at its center. 

“Have a seat…?” She waited for a name. 

“Jack.” 

Her smile faltered before she took up her spot across from him. “Tell me, Jack, what answers from tomorrow do you seek?”

He shrugged. “More curious to know what you see.” 

“No love troubles or concern about work?”

He shook his head. “I mean, if you wanna take a look at how my next job’ll pan out, I won’t stop you.” 

Madam Kala’s eyes narrowed at first but she relented to turn to the crystal. A click sounded beneath the table and a light emanated from the orb. 

Her eyes glazed over and he slid his hand into his pocket. For a good twenty seconds, she seemed to doze until sweat lined her brow. Madam Kala sat back in her chair with a frown. 

“Well?” he asked. 

“You… have money in your future. A great sum. A man in a hotel room with a briefcase. Room 212.” 

“Have to say,” he leaned forward and put the business card on the table. “I did not expect you to be real.” 

Madam Kala picked up the card and her jaw dropped. He didn’t need to know the name on the back. The “who”, the “why”, they never really mattered. 

“I don’t…” Madam Kala’s fingers shook the card. “…how could you know?”

He pulled free his gun. “Shame you didn’t look back.” 

The silenced *pop* stained the drapery scarlet. He riffled through her top and pulled free his money. He left the card on the table.

> WC: 465These two keep coming back for more! ] ]

I know these shorts aren't really... connected. That may be what I do for a short series is try connecting these stories, or at least flushing them out. Wind God's Horn, Naming of Loreel, Into the Depts of Dieptal, etc. Until then I'll keep posting them as Part 1, 2, etc. And worry about renaming later. 



---

Mort's fingers ached to their core as if bone and sinew were crusted with ice. *Just your imagination*. Mort blew onto his hands, coaxing warmth to his blood before he tried again. The fire before him, weak and failing, flickered violently in the stiff chill breeze. Twice it’d gone out from the cold, and twice he’d managed to restoke it. But as he tried for the third time his fingers burned with cold. 

“You… have to…” Loreel’s teeth chattered between her laboured words. In the shadow of the sunken spire, her cheeks had lost their colour. The dark waves of her hair had come free from the neat braids and frost stiffened the strands. 

“I’m quite aware how to start a fire,” Mort countered before she could say another word. The rebuff, though uncalled for, sparked a light of ire in the huntress's eyes. 

Mort smiled. “Not entirely toothless now, are you?”

“If I could get up,” she said a little easier than before, but on trying to stand Loreel’s strength seemed instantly sapped. 

Mort rushed to her side. “Stop that at once.” The sharp tone in his voice surprised him. “I mean, you mustn’t spend all your strength. Not if we’re planning to trek our way out of here.” 

The fire in Loreel’s eyes dimmed. The softness of her weakened state melted in a resolve Mort had come to know. A chilly and dangerous resolve. 

“Mort,” 

“I have to get this fire stoked.”

“Mort,” Loreel’s fingers reached from beyond the blanket. Though hours had passed since she’d plunged into the icy depths her fingers felt as ice itself. Mort couldn’t help but shiver from the chill that her touch passed to him. “We both know I’m not walking out-”

“Please, Loreel.” Mort cut her short and shrugged off her hand. “I know you think ill of my abilities to maintain a fire. But after all our adventures, do you think I’ve learned nothing?”

The dull flames light flickered in her glistening eyes though her expression had not softened. 

“I think you’re a fool. The storm-”

“Is days off,” he lied. 

They both knew it. 

Loreel grew silent and Mort fussed with the flames. The wind drew in around them but didn’t wipe out the fire. Instead, it brought the clouds and the dark and a howl as it passed through the *euphomen* spires. 

Spaevesen architecture had always promised wondrous results; towers that sang, dams that summoned the rumble of thunder, entire cities built to resonate with chimes and bells. But in the days trapped amongst Dieptal’s ruins, Mort had come to hate the whistling spires and their call. What he would give for the deep dark forests of Ascalonia, or the arid stillness of Kokkeneg’s dry basin.

“You should leave.” Loreel’s lips barely moved. 

“Once you’ve had a bit more rest, and the fire’s called back your colour-”

“Now. You should leave now.” Her eyes stared up at the darkening sky. The sun seemed fearful of the Dieptal, as it if it couldn’t stand to touch the city cased in ice. The warmth of a summer day was like a memory of Mort’s youth - distant, shallow, and beyond his reach. He imagined, for Loreel, it must be worse. 

“I do believe you’re attempting some kind of gallantry, but I am no waif in need of saving.” 

Loreel let out a sharp laugh. “Says the fool,” she coughed out. The wet of her chest leaked from her heavy coughs and Mort had heard the sound before. Like a flood, it would drown her. Not fast, like the river, but slow. *If the cold doesn’t first.*

Loreel closed her eyes and lay back in her bedroll. “You should go before the storm hits. The fire won’t keep in the winds and we won’t survive out here. Not another night.” 

Out here. Mort frowned and looked back to the door. 

The bloated river had brought ice to the city of Dieptal’s gates long before Mort of Loreel had found it. What had been a balcony hundreds of feet above the city streets now stood as their only entryway and it remained frozen shut. 

*If we could get inside…* Mort’s attention turned from Loreel and the storm. The hissing wind became a tone of notes through the *euphomen* spires, but each time they did the door quaked as well. *Airflow, perhaps? Does that mean inside is sealed? Or perhaps that the interior is responsive to outside stimulus.* 

“What happened, the lake, it wasn’t your fault,” Loreel continued. “After all, you are - or I suppose were - paying me to guide keep you alive.” Another coughed surfaced and she clutched the blanket closer. “If you stay here, we’ll both die. And I don’t see the point in that. Not while you can still walk.”

Mort stood from beside Loreel, his fingers on his chin. *The Spaevessen were fond of tricks and traps.* He turned to his bag and lifted the flap. The pages were stained red, not from nefarious sources Mort hoped, but to last through the ages. It gave each page a waxed surface, pliable in heat, but rigid in the chill. *Dieptal was always a chilled city, but something about the south winds… Where was that poem…* He flipped each waxed page quickly as the wind turned. It wasn’t warm, not by any small measure, but it pulled in from the south. 

“So you should go, Mort. I know I’ve not always said it, but you’re capable. Enough to at least make it out alive. But you can’t wait any longer.” Loreel tried to sit up, but it took two tries. 

“Yes!” Mort shouted. He pressed his index finger to the page and drew it down. “The south wind calls, our neighbour's chime, and although chill, we open our arms and greet them.” 

Mort, nose in the tome, barely noticed Loreel sitting upright as the fire flickered to smoke. 

The stick he’d used to poke the flames clattered at his feet. “Did you hear a damn word I said?” Loreel snapped, huffing from throwing the stick. 

“No, I’m sorry. I’m sure you can tell me later,” Mort said as he got to his feet. 

He approached the balcony doors as the wind sailed through the spires. “They honoured their friends with open arms. So when the wind hits the spires…” He looked to the pictographs of the door. The tower. The Chancellor. The closed door. Then, on the opposing side. The Tower. The Wind. A Bird, mouth opened. The open doors. 

His finger traced down where the door met the floor. Mort and Loreel, in an attempt to get inside for shelter, had chipped away all the ice from outside but still the door remain fixed in place. 

“What if it requires some way to open it, some trick?” 

“Mort.” 

“Hush, Loreel. I’m thinking.” 

“Excuse me?” she snapped. “Just who do you think you are that you can talk to me like-”

“Please!” He very rarely raised his voice, but the sound of his shout quaked the tall icicles dripping from the overhang above them. To his surprise, Loreel quieted. 

“South wind calls, our neighbour's chime, and although chill we open our arms…” He repeated the poem over and over. “The south wind calls-” the wind drew into the spires and the chime resonated with the door. “Who lived south of the Shaevesen?”

“What?”

Mort turned to Loreel. She lay huddled in the blankets, her skin pale and lips bluing. Yet still, her eyes maintained their heated focus. “Their neighbours to the south.” 

“Zeq’vek, I think.” 

Mort frowned. 

“They were big into birds. Eagle stuff.” 

Mort’s frown didn’t relax. 

“They had those skinny towers, built up as high as they could between the towers. Claimed they could fly?” 

“Oh!” Mort turned back to the door. “They wore cloaks of feathers.” 

“Yeah, and probably froze to death.” Loreel’s teeth chattered the words past her lips. 

Mort tugged off Loreel’s blanket. Before she could protest he wrapped it about his shoulders and approached the door. 

“South wind calls,” he waited until the wind wriggled through the spires, and the tone carried through the valley. “Our neighbour's chime.” Mort opened his mouth and sang the note in tune with the towers. 

A click sounded behind the door, his voice carried up into the resonating chambers and the doors of Dieptal’s tower opened. 

Mort spun on his heels, wrapped the blanket around Loreel’s shoulders and put an arm around her waist. “No need to go toddling off now, is there?” he said with a smile. 

Loreel looked between Mort and the door but took his arm for balance. “But can you keep the fire going?” she asked as they hobbled inside the frozen tower. 


---
MORE Mort and Loreel! ] ] ] ---- [?]]

---

“You need more,” Big Stan, the stout, and ironically skinny trainer growled from behind the punching bag. “It’s called umph, kid. And I need more of it from you.” 

Andre nodded, his head tucked in low, his body wound tight. He struck out, fast like lightning, and nailed what would have been a right jab to the jaw of a man, if it weren’t 80 pounds of sand. 

“Nah, kid, you need more. Throw your weight into it. Give it that goddamn umph.” Big Stan’s head bobbed out from behind the red bag double wrapped in torn duct tape. 

Andre nodded, his head tucked even lower. When he struck, Big Stan barely moved and the bag’s swing was only an inch more than it was the blow before. 

“Keep it comin’, kid. Keep it comin’ right here,” Big Stan pressed his bony knuckle into the centre of the bag, leaving a dimpled imprint. “I want you to give it every bit of power you got.”
 
Big Stan slashed out, wiry, fast. His form impeccable, he struck the punching back and propelled it back. 

Andre nodded. He loosened his shoulders, bounced back and forth, and tried to shake the nerves away. He got his head low. Poised. Ready. Strike. 

Big Stan expelled a heavy sigh and stepped away from the swaying bag. 

“I tell ya, kid, You got speed like Tyson. That whoosh.” Big Stan threw out fast jabs to the air. “But it don’t mean shit if you ain’t got that umph. You hear me, kid? You need *umph*.” 

Andre’s shoulders sagged. 

“As I see it, you got two options. The right way and the door.” Big Stan smirked and waved at the weights in the corner. “You won’t have to worry about weight class, you’re skinny as they come, but build it up, kid. Get you that umph.” Big Stan slapped Andre’s back. 

Andre cursed as he entered the misty locker room. 

“Hey, man,” Shaun, another fighter, stepped up. “Heard Big Stan out there. Says you got a power problem?”

Andre shrugged. “Just don’t got that 'umph' yet.” He tried to laugh it off but the sting lingered. How many more hours or months would it take before he’d get in a ring, or face more than a sack of sand?

Shaun nodded. “I hear ya, man. He ragged on me for weeks. ‘Ain’t got the stuff, kid’. ‘Only two paths before ya’.” Shaun nailed the impression, right down to the jabs and growl. “Old man don’t realize there’s another way.”

Andre frowned as Shaun looked around the room. Shaun sat close on the bench and opened his palm. Two pills, bright yellow. 

&nbsp;

Days later Andre tucked his head low, his body wound tight. He struck out, fast and hard, and nailed the slight dimple. 

Big Stan and the bag teetered back.

“How’s that for *umph*,” Andre chuckled.

Behind the bag, Big Stan’s smile dimmed. “Yeah, kid. You found *somethin*’, alright.”  His shoulders sagged and he shook his head. 
 
> WC: 500!!!!]

You may recognize these names (yes they are the same). I bring you, our ! 


---


“Where are the batteries?” Cody huffed, her head half stuffed in a drawer. 

“Why would I know?” Dan answered. She guessed he stood behind her but in the dark Cody couldn’t see. 

“I’m sure I bought some last year. For the camping trip.”

“Ouch.” Dan stumbled in the dark. ”Shit.” He hopped on one foot. “I said I don’t know! Besides, what happened to ‘batteries are bad for the environment’?”

“They are bad for the environment.” 

“And…?” Dan let the pause breathe as Cody pouted. “You forgot.” 

“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 

“This spring. Our 'save the world one garbage bag at a time'”. 

“That is NOT what I called it.” Cody’s hands propped against her hip, though she was sure Dan could only see the faint outline of her silhouette. “It was the ‘De-clutter for Mother earth’. It was very catchy.” 

“Well, I don’t know if it was catchy so much as-”

“Just, help me find batteries.” 

Earlier that afternoon the brownouts had turned to a solid blackout. Air conditioners combating the summer heat finally led to the cities downfall.

“So?” Cody returned to the kitchen drawers, dragging them out and searching with her hands in the near pitch black. 

“So?” Dan followed close behind. 

“Where are the batteries?”

“Still don’t know. What would we use them for?”

“Flashlights, *obviously*.”

“Do you know where the flashlights are?” 

Cody could hear the smirk in Dan’s words.

“No,” she admitted. “but I’ll find them.”

“*After* you find the batteries?” 

“You know,” she turned to glare though she knew he couldn’t see it. “You not doing a whole lot of this ‘helping’ thing. I’ve heard it’s very cathartic.” 

The shadow figure of Dan’s head tilted, slightly. “Is that what I’m supposed to be doing?”

Cody huffed a sigh and turned back to the drawer, slamming it shut to rummage through the cabinet below. 

“Okay, okay. I’m sorry.” 

Cody could still hear his smirk. 

“Alright, I’ll help.” Dan bent behind Cody and slipped his arms around her waist, pulling her up. His fingers found hers, knotting together, and he guided Cody from the kitchen. Through the dark living room, they stumbled around and into, errant debris, mostly clothing and shoes. 

Dan led Cody to the balcony door. 

“There aren’t any batteries out there,” she grumbled, trying to pull away. But Dan’s fingers tightened. 

Outside the city lay before them, a vast collection of silhouettes interrupted only by the crystal clear and starry sky.

“Shh.” Dan pressed his finger to Cody’s lips and led her to the railing. 

There was no hum of electrical wires. No car horns or squealing tires. Voices carried, but each seemed like a dim trickle of laughter that drifted unburdened by ambiance. And between the moments of utter silence, Cody heard a sound that brought a wide smile to her lips. 

Crickets. 

Dan stood behind Cody, his arms around her waist. “See,” he whispered in her ear. “I’m helping.” 

> wc: 493 though it *does* look longer.Originally posted June 5th, 2019 - ]

---

My papa is the best. I know all little girls say that, but I know it. 

He doesn’t yell. Rosa’s Papa hollers and the whole quarter can hear him, especially when he’s spent time at the tavern. 

Papa has never struck me. Never will. Not like Ellyn’s mother. She runs around with a rolling pin like it's a sword, and I’ve seen the welts days after a good wallop. I don’t know anyone who would want to cross her. 

My Papa smiles all the time. Robin called him simple, but I think that’s just because he doesn’t have a father anymore. 

Papa is kind. When I first found Tristan - he’s my pet mouse - I told Robin and he said we should squish him. “Rat’s are trouble! Rat’s got disease!” he said.  I was scared, I didn’t want anyone to hurt Tristan. But when I told Papa he smiled and held out his big hands.

“He’s not a rat, Alys. And he looks mighty healthy me.” He picked up Tristan, as careful as he would glass, and pet his head just like I did. “You should take care of him, little cub. Keep him safe and he'll be happy. It’s good to be kind to all things.” 

Ellyn’s mother would have put Tristan in a pie.

Papa is stronger than anyone I have ever seen. He can lift the heaviest axe above his head and chop a log in twain with just one swing. And it’s always right at the center. None of the other fathers can do that. 

My Papa is often around. He doesn’t tend to a shop like Peter’s father or travel like Fendrel’s. When I need him, all I have to do is call and he’s there. I don’t think Fendrel’s father could even recognize him if they passed in the square. 

Papa does keep secrets, though I think most people do. I know Papa works for the castle guard even if he won’t talk about it. Not to anyone. He doesn’t wear armour like the knights and Rosa said her father said none of the guards recognize Papa. But I know the truth. 

I know the black hood he wears. I’d recognize his axe anywhere. When I see him by the block I know it’s him, even if no one else does. 

And that’s okay. *I* know my Papa is the best.


> WC: 396Originally posted June 5th, 2019 - ]

----

The planks of the deck groaned with each slight pitch of the ship. For days the voyage had been smooth but leagues away from The Valiant, the sea darkened. The sky at Irwin’s back cut through the plumes of cottony clouds with the odd ray of warmth. But the wind surged past The Valiant in swift gusts. 

“Smart, that,” Quartermaster Morley reached the deck with a thud of his boots. “Almost like the wind’s in the know.” He tapped his nose as he passed Irwin. Without looking Morley reached out to the rigging and checked that the sails were tied well.  

“We’re not turning from the storm?” Irwin asked as the thick-bearded man waved him over to the rail. 

“You see that,” Morley pointed to where the darkest clouds merged on the horizon. They turned down from the sky, reaching toward the ocean into a wide ash-coloured ring. Where it hovered, the water beneath looked black as pitch. 

“Now you must be thinking we’re all kinds of mad to steer near her.” 

Irwin nodded and Morley let out a deep bellowed laugh. Spittle dappled the smooth rail of the ship as the first drops of rain let go from the clouds above. 

“Oh, lad, it’s not the storm you need worry for. You see the clouds, the wind, everythin' - we all turn fo’the sea.” Morley breathed in deeply. “And she’s a right unpredictable lass. A salty lover, as you’re 'bout to find out.” 

The ship had barely veered off course, the storm seemed to roar towards them. The current picked up, the waves lapped against the hull and pitched the ship hard. Irwin had barely found his sea legs before the waves turned his stomach. He gripped the rail amidst Morley’s laughs. 

“At times she may look still, but this,” Morley waved out to the tumultuous sea. “She is this too. She’s as like to carry you swift to land as she is to toss you in the drink. And she’ll hold you a mite longer than you’d like, boy.” 

The quartermaster turned and barked an order at the bosun. What he said Irwin couldn’t hear above the calamitous boom of thunder.

“Tell me, lad,” Morley shouted at Irwin’s back. “You the praying sort?”

The deckhand clung to the rail as the waves grew around them. The sunshine that had once warmed Irwin's back seemed leagues away. The dark salty sea clawed up the hull and the clouds dropped to meet the ocean in a kiss.

“Sweet wife,” Morley hollered into the torrent. “In your calm and fury, I am yours.” 

Though the crew knew their jobs, even if Irwin had forgotten his, the ship could not have stayed upright were it not for the waves. And as quick as the weather turned, the sea stilled. The sky lifted from their shoulders and the current carried the storm away. 

“Well, lad,” Morley dripped from head to toe. “What do you think of m’wife?”

> wc: 495]

This was an absolute BLAST to write. I don't even care if people hate it. This was so much fun. 

Note: The quotes are for what I would "centre" but can't because reddit hates me. 

----



The low light, a sphere of illumination that quaked around the flame, barely lit the few feet in front of Bree. In the damp, it felt as though the air could snuff out the burning wick each time the slightest breeze reached out from the chill walls. Every step had to be careful, every breath had to leave her lips slow. 

A kicked stone bounced with unrelenting volume that only her terrified breaths overcame. She held the candle tighter. *Don’t blow it out.* 

> *Down and down and down we go*
> 
> *Littlest fingers and littlest toes*
> 
> *Take all your candles and burn them slow*
> 
> *Don’t wake what sleeps in Crakel’s Cove.*


Her shoulders shook but Bree couldn’t cry. The small sight was all she had left, that and the candle. No light at the end of the dark, no real path beyond the scratched stone carved with long swiping claws. 

*That’s your imagination talking.* Bree took in an unintended quick breath and the flame flickered. She stopped as shadows drew nearer in a deafening quiet that choked her throat. *It’s just an old mine tunnel.* 

But Bree had never been in this kind of dark. The kind of pitch that weighed the space like a soaking blanket. Sound was sucked from around her and even the skipping stones didn’t project beyond the black. 

> *Down and down and down we go*

> *But stop before there’s no echo*

> *Because in the quiet of the black below,*

> *A secret waits in Crackel’s Cove.*

*Stupid dare. Such a stupid dare.* Her friends' voices had bellowed the children’s rhyme when Bree entered the old Crakel mine by the coast. But that was hours ago.

“It’s okay,” she whispered to herself expecting echoes off the walls but the still black drapery of shadow stole it. “You’re fine. You’re heading up. It has to go up.”

Bree hadn’t turned or veered from the single path. After her friends' voices stopped she’d turned around and walked back up the slope. After ten minutes, she should have been out of the mine.

> *Down and down and down we go*

> *Where the wind dies and nothing can grow*

> *Where your breaths stutter and become shallow*

> *You’ll find what hunts in Crackel’s Cove.*

Her shoulders shook and her breathing shuttered past her lips in quick breaths. Between them, her whimpers shook the candle. Less than an inch remained of the wax that dripped and burned her fingers. 

“I just wanna go home,” her voice trembled. The words didn’t echo against the walls. Only her uneasy breaths quaked the flame. 

“Down and down and down you go,” a crackling whispered. “Littlest fingers and littlest toes.” 

Where it came from, Bree couldn’t tell. The voice seemed born from the walls. 

“Breath easy child, you’ll not need the glow,”

A quick puff of acrid breath blew the flame away. Bree stared at the dimming coal of the wick until it dissolved into black. 

“For you’ll stay with me in Crackel’s cove.”

> WC: 496]

I've posted from this before, but just in case - here are the rules!

* **[WP] A Balcony & Butterflies**
* 100-300 words
* Time Frame: within 24hrs of prompts original posting.
* The location must be the main setting, but feel free to be creative!
* The object must be included in your story in some way.

----


Lola blinked to the wind as it fluttered the slat blinds that draped from the balcony above. It wasn’t much shade, light managed to pool in between the bamboo slats and warm Lola’s lap. 

In the corner, nestled between concrete and steel, the feeder hummed with life. A slice of orange turned down in water seeped the sweet scent of citrus into the air. 

The flapping of colour, red, yellow, blue, fluttered in her vision. Their shapes were blurred, but the hues forever remained vibrant. The cataracts couldn’t steal that from her, not yet at least. 

“Nona,” the sweet tone of her granddaughter Kate tickled her ears through the open door. Lola turned, but only barely, to listen for the steps. 

“You know your grandfather built the feeder for me.” Lola’s voice croaked the words quieter than she had meant. 

“Did you want some tea?” Kate hadn’t heard Lola as she hurried around inside.

“He was awful with his hands.” Lola smiled. “But he knew I loved the colours.” A tired smile lifted her lips and Lola relaxed her eyes. The sweet wind lifted the blanket over her legs, weaving its way through the spokes of her wheelchair to tickle the back of her calves with its warmth. 

“What was that, Nona?” Kate said louder from the open balcony door. 

“I love the colours.” Lola waved to the feeder that had been crafted for a garden of flowers not concrete.

“How you get butterflies up here I’ll never know,” Kate said and Lola could hear the smile in her words. “Papa must have put something in the feeder.” 

“Love,” Lola hummed. “All you need is love.” Tears welled in her eyes and blurred the colours at the edge of her vision. They couldn’t steal the colours from her, not ever.

> WC: 300]


This is more backstory inspired for Mort and Loreel - no context required - however you are welcome to visit all other Parts (links at the bottom of the post)

Also, if you're not a part of writing prompts, you should take a look and definitely join the discord and check out our Wednesday night campfires. Great readings, great critiques, and a wonderfully supportive group. 


---

The drums beat and the many feet pumped the dry soil down. Toes dancing, arms high, the world spun around the girl with each turn. The fires of the circle speckled through her dark messy hair, flickering warmth that beaded sweat on her skin. All to the beat. All to the drums. 

A chorus of voices thundered around and she felt an arm hook with hers. 

“Little hawk,” Na’an called and they spun. Her father’s mother wore an easy smile that the silver of her hair couldn’t hide. “It is your day.”

A flutter started in the girl’s gut. She bit her lip and tried to wear a brave face, but the eldest waited by the tallest fire. In his hand, he held the stylus and before him, the bowls were streaked with red, black, and blue. 

She stopped her dance. The shortest of them all, the youngest yet to be marked, the girl stared at the stories painted on the skin of kin. Triumphs, follies, ends, beginnings, all of their years woven in ink around the first story.  

Na’an, the mother of her father, stilled as the dancers flickered around them like flames. 

“Will it hurt?” the girl asked. 

Na’an’s eyes softened and she bent. “Pain is a part but like all things in life, we are more than one.” 

Na’an’s fingers intertwined with the girl’s. The weathered hands were tattooed to their tips, nearly every inch of Na’an’s right arm inked. The raging river that destroyed the old village and called Na’an’s mother to the earth. The great bear that Na’an felled on her first hunt. The white wind that bore the harshest winter and nearly called Na’an away. The child that came before Loreel’s father, the smallest dove that never flew. 

All lines drew up to Na’an’s shoulder and neck. To her first story. To her name. 

The sprawling hawk’s wings circled beneath her chin, its talons etched as if perched on her collarbone. The soaring hawk, the watcher of them all. 

Na’an squeezed the small unmarked fingers. “Are you ready?” 

The girl looked back to Na’ans hand. Above the wrist, her father’s name, the taloned hawk with the mightiest beak, reached over the back of her hand. But in her palm, she knew the space had been saved. 

*For my name.* The girl breathed in with Na’an and exhaled. 

“I’m ready.”

Na’an’s smile returned, wide and bright. Together they approached the eldest of their clan.

“And what is your name, little hawk,” he asked. The years rumbled the words in his throat coated in the deep dark lines of the wolf. 

The girl looked to Na’an but received no words. No one could give her her name. 

*I am my name.* 

“The small swift hawk, I am Loreel.” 

----


Mort and Loreel Shorts: ] ] ]]

Continuation of the **Mort and Loreel Shorts**!

This is constrained writing, so it clearly isn't a finished short story here. If you're following, or are just curious, here are the other Mort and Loreel Shorts:  and . 


------


“Noooope.” 

“But Loreel-”

“I’m not saying it again, Mort.” 

“Just look at it,” the scholar waved his hand at the archway. “This is the gateway, I’m sure.” 

Loreel guessed the runes were Ascalonian from the unnecessarily ornate curls on each letter. Despite knowing what language it was, she couldn’t read it. Despite Mort’s assurances, she knew he couldn’t either. 

“No.” Her eyes narrowed and she leaned toward the meek man, hand on her machete at her hip. 

“But it is safe!” Mort pointed his book at the carved stone in the centre of the unending cave, beneath a long-dead god’s cathedral.

“I’d be going back up the stairs if they hadn’t vanished!” Her voice careened off the walls. “And instead of sauntering through ominous doorways, I’m looking for a way out.” 

“*This* is the way out.” Mort grabbed her wrist. “I understand it isn’t exactly what I’d had in mind, or expected, but this is most definitely the Wind God’s Challenge. If we can meet the expectations set forth-”

Loreel yanked her hand free from his weak grasp. “By a dead god?”

Mort rolled his eyes. “By the dead people that worshiped the dead god.” 

“I will hit you.”

Mort opened his mouth to speak but Loreel tensed. His lips shut. For a moment. 

“If we pass the challenge we’ll not only be presented with the Wind God’s Horn but a way out.” He looked around the cave a moment, unable to meet Loreel’s eyes. “I’m sure.” He gulped. “I mean if this is the challenge they would reward he who overcomes it with an escape.” 

“And if it isn’t?” Loreel glared. 

Never in her short days with the scholar had she seen him look down to his notebook faster. The quick flipping of pages lapped against the walls. The small daylight that passed from above illuminated the page but would for only another two hours. *At nightfall…* Loreel’s gaze turned to the archway where the runes eerily gleamed. 

She didn’t trust glowing stone.

“It is,” Mort decided. “After accepting the challenge, the challenger, that would be you,” he stepped away from the arch. 

Loreel sighed and stepped up.

“Approach the archway,” Mort read. ” ‘Through the door and unto the gauntlet. The worthy shall be granted his-' ”

“Gauntlet?” Loreel spun around. “You never said anything about a gauntlet!”

Mort flipped his page but a hum rumbled the room. The runes beside Loreel brightened as if burning blue fire deeper into stone. The archway shuddered and the hum ached in Loreel’s ears. Both reached to their heads as if they could stop the sound. As she opened her mouth to yell a thundering wind drew from the end of the tunnel.

Tossed from the platform she flew into Mort. They toppled to the rough stone floor. 

“It appears,” Mort groaned from beneath Loreel. “You were not deemed worthy.” 

“By Solna's Arrow,” Loreel pushed to her feet and dusted herself off. “I’ll show this Wind God who’s worthy.” 


> WC: 497

-------

Previous ] ] ---- ContinueOriginally Posted May 8th, 2019 ] 

This is a little out of my comfort zone with POV and tense but I like it. Though maybe just a few too many line breaks made it in there, haha. 


---


The air tickles through my fingers. Its chill spurs a shudder I can’t quite seem to control but in it you dance. 

You were always the dancer of the two of us. The shimmer of your skin, the delicate turn in the breeze, head skyward for the warmth of the sun. It’s what you were made for and I so love to watch you dance. 

But the cold doesn’t leave us and I know what comes next. I hold your hand knowing that the wind will take you from me. 

Oh, how I long for those sweet spring days when you blossomed in my arms. The smallest bud, the tiniest beginning, the last to sprout, but like all my children you flourished in the summer sun. 

As the last to leave, as the last to hold in the chill, you are the hardest to let go. But I know your fleeting days nourished me and all that you touched. Your smile and your dance revived us.

What I would give for one more day in the summer sun. 

The gust comes and our fingers strain. But the greatest dance is yet before you. The brightest dance on the free fall wind. 

As our fingers break, our cord torn, the wind turns you as a lover. It is no dance we can share. 

Though missing from my boughs I will remember you, my last leaf.]

----
Rachel opened another carton and dumped the sour contents down the sink. The smell hadn’t quite taken hold of this one, but it was close enough to expiry to need a tossing. 

*Four.* She shook another carton, half full, before dumping the milk down the drain.

*Five.* With a sigh, she chucked the cardboard into the nearly bursting garbage bag as the refrigerators cool air spilled onto the floor. 

*Six. Seven. Eight.* As she pulled the ninth, unopened like the last three, Rachel checked the expiry date. It would be good for another week but the four more cartons inside were even fresher. 

Below the printed date the smiling face looked up. Lopsided braids framed a wide toothy grin with front gaps. Laura lost the one on the right early and paraded the tooth around the house in anticipation of her oncoming prize. *“And this is a big one! I’ll get two dollars, right?”* 

Rachel’s chest seized and she closed her eyes to the memory of bare toes dancing. Laura had even dug out her fairy costume, a size too small, and pirouetted in pink and gold tulle. The lessons had done little for Laura’s balance, but Rachel wished she’d taken the time to watch her daughter dance more.

The front door opened and Rachel’s too a breath. She closed the fridge.  

“Mommy!” Laura burst into the kitchen, her socked feet skidding across the floor. But the moment Laura spied the empty carton sitting on the counter, her smile faltered. “Not my cartons!” 

Before Rachel could stop her Laura snatched the cardboard. 

“Laura- hey!” Rachel reached after her daughter but Laura skid behind the kitchen table. 

“Hey honey,” Steven stepped into the room, his arms busting with brown paper bags. He put them down on the counter with an apologetic smile. 

“Oh no,” Rachel looked from Laura to Steven. “Seriously, tell me you didn’t.” 

“Look at her,” Steven waved at their daughter. “You think I can say no?” 

Laura rushed past her mother, reaching as high as she could, to pull out another one-litre carton of milk from the paper bag. On the back, Laura’s smiling face waited.

“Well hello, Laura.” Laura put the cartons on the table facing one another. ”Nice to meet you, Laura! Those are some very straight braids you have there. Why thank, Laura, I did them myself!” 

Rachel shrugged. “I can’t blame you. I’d have bought them too.” She leaned into Steven and sighed though not once did her smile threaten to falter. Not now that their family was whole again.

“This is the last time, Steve. Please, no more milk.”Originally Posted May 3rd, 2019 - ] 

This is the beginning scene of a series of shorts I'm writing along the lines of Robert E. Howard's *Chronicles of Conan the Barbarian*! Really fun to write and I'm considering releasing it as a serial online. I'd love critiques, I know it needs a lot of work, but hit me! 


---


“Please.” The word left the little girls dry lips in a pitying sound. 

A man slowed his path through Istinoh’s bazaar as he passed the weathered girl. Only six, tiny, thin, and weak, she looked a beggar. 

*Pathetic.* Birsu watched from where she hid, invisible among the bustling crowd. 

Her sister, Hatice, whimpered again and the man turned to face her. 

He wasn’t tall like the Archom of Istinoh, but boasted wide heaving shoulders, even at rest. Beneath the billowing cloak Birsu spied his hand resting comfortably on the pommel of the sword at his hip. It was made of solid steel, a simple grip worn from use, and a long plain scabbard of leather. The sword was unlike those the merchants paraded, with their adorned hilts of gems from unnamed lands, worn for status not purpose.

“Are you hungry?” the man asked, his voice deep and rolling. The words were theirs, archomic, but the accent strange and drew on the syllables like he sucked venom from a wound. Uncomfortable but precise. 

Hatice nodded and feigned a tear. She wiped at her dry eyes and sniffed back the dusted air. Just as Birsu had taught her, Hatice dropped her head forward, her deep emerald hair hiding her face. 

From behind, Birsu couldn’t see his face but she pictured it was like the ones before him. A cringe at the state of the child. A kind smile for the pitying thing. 

The corners of Birsu’s lips turned up to a grin. *Pathetic.*

Birsu stepped silent, weaving between the crowd. The aged shift on her shoulders was the greatest shroud of invisibility one could find, better than any magic. It matched her sisters, though bore no rips and tares. Birsu wanted no eyes on her. She needed no sympathy. 

The warrior bent before Hatice, his hand on his sword tucking the weapon aside. It reached back several feet where it tickled the arid floor of the sweltering bazaar. Low and slow, he rummaged to his hip where his coin purse jingled from his fumbling fingers. They groped the jute sack, hunting for what was small and wouldn’t be missed. Pity for the weak in the most deserving of currencies. 

Once his fingers retracted, meager coins in his palm, Birsu stepped up behind him. His frame towered over hers. A big man, a fierce warrior knit with the fabric of combat and patience. His bare shoulders stretched what could be the full length of her height, and his arms were the width of her waist. But he was low and looked slow. How could such a man move like her, the tight wiry weave of muscle under the invisible shroud?

He extended his hand to Hatice. The paw of it was nearly leathered by a harsh sun but still paled compared to the dark shades of the archom. Hatice extended her little fingers, tiny and thin, to the coins waiting. Behind, Birsu reached to the jute purse at the warriors hip. 

But Hatice’s eyes darted, a quick glance not more than a flicker. Her deep emerald eyes barely shone through the matching locks, but they smiled at Birsu and the pouch.

No, sister. Don’t look. Play the game. 

Birsu hurried lest the spell of her shrouding poverty broke. Her fingers flicked the clasp holding the pouch and it loosened, soundlessly, from his hip. 

Yes! It fell, but inches from the dirt, when Birsu grasped its hefty base.

The warriors hand wrapped around Birsu’s wrist. His body pivoted to face her, his grip tight and locked. Birsu stared at his hand, sun-kissed skin against the stark dark hues of her own. 

Birsu looked up from the sack of coin. In the warrior’s other hand he held Hatice’s wrist as she squirmed. When Birsu pulled back, his grip tightened to an ache. 

*He moved so fast,* she almost blurted. How many times had she and her sister performed the same very act, how many times had it been imperfect yet none had ever been so quick? To see, to act, no one had yet caught them. Birsu tried to force her mind to see what he’d done, to play the move but it remained mystery and the more Hatice struggled the tighter his grip on Birsu became. 

*He’s only a man.* Her eyes narrowed to his stern set features and she did not struggle against him. *Just one man.* 

His eyes lit and his lips curled to a slight smile. 

Birsu twisted in his grip, her wrist burning in the friction of skin. But she managed to turn and pulled her bare heel up toward his chin. 

His hand, after releasing Hatice, grabbed Birsu’s ankle to stop the blow. 

“Run!” Birsu hollered at her sister. 

Hatice teetered to the dirt and scrambled to her feet. She hesitated, but only a moment, before a decided nod. Her sister disappeared into the crowd as nothing more than a wisp of emerald. 

The warriors gleaming grin grew as he pushed Birsu’s ankle away. Still his grip on her wrist was set, but so was hers on the sack of coin.

“You’re a quick one,” he said, crouched and but a few inches from her face. The crowd parted to Birsu’s yell, watching the towering man hold what they would see as nothing more than a beggar child. 

“Let go,” she said, eyes defiant. 

“You first.” He dared to take his eyes from hers to look at the coin pouch. 
Birsu spit to his face and the warrior flinched. In the moment she slammed her lips down on his wrist. Her teeth dug into flesh. She hoped to make him scream but he barely let go of a grunt. Blood and dust stung her tongue, the taste familiar but still unpleasant. 

Yet, his grip remained. 

His free hand set to her throat and her eyes lit with panic. He’ll kill me! She couldn’t stop the thought from drowning all else in her little head. But instead his finger pressed to her jaw and she fought the ache of his strength as it unlatched her pincer grip. Tears welled in her eyes, her bones begging to give in to his grip. 

Instead, she bit tighter. 

“Damn!” he managed as she felt more than skin split. His grip on her wrist and jaw loosened. 

With all her strength Birsu tossed herself back, blood dripping from her lips down to her chin where it dappled and stained her tattered shroud. In her hand she held the coin sack. 

“Child,” the gleam left him. The smile disappeared. His bloodied hand flexed and reached for the unadorned steel at his belt. 

Birsu steeled her eyes with his. She didn’t dare look away from his chilling stare and the determination that set in where amusement had danced. 

*Run*. She backed away and the crowd parted more. Her lips curled, red and plump, from the warrior’s blood as he stood to his full height.

*Run*. Birsu flipped to her front and dashed into the crowd amid the gasps of onlookers.Originally Posted May 3rd, 2019 - ] ]

---

Mort pressed through the throng of trees, one slash of his machete at a time. The thing still felt odd in his hands, but his muscles had grown enough to wield it aptly. 

Beside him Loreel swung with delicate precision. Despite her short stature and thin arms, she hacked at the bends of the trees and vines to beckon them back to the forest floor. 

“How far off now?” Loreel asked. Her words left her lips smooth and controlled, not a breath wasted where it wasn’t needed. 

Mort gasped back as he wrenched his machete clear from a thick branch he hadn’t quite felled. “Another… mile? Two?” 

Loreel stopped and turned. “But you’ve been before?”

Mort shrugged. “I might as well have. With my research I’ve-”

An audible sigh dripped from Loreel’s lips and she stopped her advance. “Map. Now.” She glared from beneath her shawl. 

Mort tapped his temple. “I am the map.” He watched Loreel’s fingers tighten around her machete as she took a menacingly slow step nearer. “But,” Mort shuffled through his satchel, riffling through pages and scrolls tucked. “There was this one-”

Loreel snapped the map from his hand. She crouched down by the forest floor, dim streaks of the distant sun’s light illuminating the map itself. 

It was crude, ancient, and crumbling at the edges. Mort feared, briefly, that the huntress wouldn’t show it the care he required, but her fingers gingerly smoothed the frayed corners. 

“This ridge,” Loreel waved around them. “It’s not on the map.” Her emerald eyes flicked up from the page, blazing from shadow. 

“True, but from my research,” Mort pulled free a scroll and unrolled it. “Chancellor Oblin of the Third Dynasty sent out a scouting party through this region and his scouts mapped up to the boundary line.” 

“Which we passed. Two days ago.”

Mort hadn’t thought the small woman could look more intimidating but her eyes narrowed and his body beckoned him a step back. 

“Yes, but Cartographer Wilom, of Cresdar, was rumoured to have trekked through the city itself. In his diaries he described-”

“Mort.” Loreel stood. 

Mort backed away. “I have it,” he rumbled through his bag. “The correlations between accounts, the conflicting maps, the anecdotes all speak of the ridge, the city, the towers, and I thought-”

“You don’t think, Mort.” She sheathed her machete with a sigh. 

Mort’s shoulders sagged but the tension left his calves where only the linger of their climb remained. 

“Take a break,” Loreel ordered as couched to the map again, rolled it up, and passed it to the scholar. He took the pages eagerly and clutched them to his chest. “In a few minutes we’ll resume, but if we’ve not seen the spire before nightfall-”

“We will,” he assured her but the emerald glare didn’t let up. 

“If we don’t, I leave.” She removed her scarf and let her short hair flutter in the shade. “I promised you the ridge, nothing more.” 

“But-”

“Nothing more.” Her voice, like ice, froze the conversation. 

Mort paced back and forth. He clutched his satchel close and swung the machete at the brush. He abandoned the small cleared area by Loreel lest she grow even more frustrated with him. 

*I have to piss.* He frowned and removed his satchel. He swung the machete lazily and cleared a thin path through the trees. He didn’t want to stray far, not that Loreel wouldn’t know exactly where he was- a huntress, and all. But that he would lose her and his only defense through the wall of green between him and civilization. 

Breaking through the thick, Mort untied his pants. As relief drained from him he looked up. 

The forest grew out beyond the ridge line to the open air. The tall spires of marble, though cracked and weathered, still reflected the sun in their smooth sides. The valley opened up to reveal the ruins of the great city, the nation thought lost to magic and time. 

“Loreel!” Mort fumbled to tie up his pants and stepped back from the massive drop that lay just feet away. 

The panic in his voice seemed to summon her quickly and Loreel wove through the trees with uncanny speed.

“Huh,” she muttered, her hands pressed to her hips. “Would you look at that.” 
Mort’s smile stretched from ear to ear, he could feel the crease tug until he sucked in the free fresh air above the ruins. 

“Ascalon,” he exhaled. 

“Don’t get all haughty,” Loreel chided as she re-wrapped the scarf over her head. The sunlight kissed her skin as he turned to her, and although she sounded disappointed, her lips had curved to a slight grin. “We still have to climb down.” 

Mort’s smile disappeared as he stared over the cliff’s edge.

---

This might turn into a serial! Who knows. These two characters are just lovely to play off of.

Edit: It has spiraled! Continue Reading (ish).A CW Prompt I put out. There are some really great ones on there to read, I recommend checking it out. 

Originally Posted May 2nd, 2019 - ]


----

Once-sleek plastic lined the inside of the taxi. The generic dark grey had long been dented and scratched through use. The front seat, driver side, sported a worn beige beaded seat cover, its thin straps around the headrest frayed at the ends. Beside the driver seat, the front passenger cushion was covered in papers, wrappers, logbooks, and the handset for the driver’s radio. On the floor, the winter mat protected the once plush carpet despite rising temperatures pulsing beyond the windows. 

The flickering taximeter climbed, red numbers blazing with each passed block. Dollars and cents ticking in little leaps. Above the red glow a pair of plush neon pink dice, a torn white feather on a string, and a series of medallions dangled. The metal trinkets chimed on collision. 

The sun’s light pulsed through the glass and steamed what moisture lingered in the cab. With the Plexiglas divider between driver and passenger, the ray's intensity doubled. 

In the backseat the cushions had been replaced, at least twice, their shade less faded than the fabric of the front seats. The creases in the cushions retained crumbs, lint, and debris. The abandoned evidence of previous journeys.

Magazines, take-out menus, and local tourist attraction guides stuck from the ripped mesh pockets on the back of the front seats. The personal details of the driver were encased in yellowed plastic stained with condensation.  

The cup-holders ~~wreaked~~ reeked of spilled soda returned to syrup form. Any container placed inside couldn't possibly escape the sticky residue. 

Though it had seen better days, the engine rumbled steadily, and the windows barely squeaked when rolled down. The faint odour of cigarette smoke faded with each breath of summer air that wafted in. Though the shadow of their billowed clouds would forever stain the light grey roof.I'm a little behind on posting my WP's here!!!

Originally posted  May 1st, 2019 - ]

---

“I’m the size of a house.” Juliette groaned as she tried to reach a screw on the floor. Just inches away she gave in and huffed. “I never dreamed I’d feel like a four bedroom, two bath home.” 

“Just means there’s more of your to love.” Eric crouched down by the screw and picked it up.

“No, don’t placate!” She snatched the screw. “We both know you’re just tickled pink that I’ve gone up two cup sizes.”

Eric’s chuckle rumbled and she fought the urge to smile. 

“Where does this one go?” he asked holding up a formed wood bar. 

Juliette pursed her lips and turned her attention to the crib diagram sprawled on the floor. “I have no idea. I only found French instructions in the box.” 

“You sure? They should have both. Did you double check?”

Juliette shrugged. “I mean, the box is all the way over there.” She waved her hand across the small nursery. “And I’m here.” 

Eric tried, unsuccessfully, to hide his laugh. “Might as well be a world away.” 

“You could look,” she shot with a stern glare. “Or you know, help.” 

“Nope. I promised to let you do this yourself, remember? You said something along the lines of ‘I’ll be fine’ and ‘it doesn’t take a genius to put together some damn furniture’?” 

“Ooooorrr, *you* could put the crib together and *we* could say *I* did it?” She threw up her hands with a bright wide smile.

“I dunno, Juls. That doesn’t sound very sporting.” 

Her smile drew into a thin line and her eyes narrowed on her husband. “I may not be able to get off this floor by myself but I’ll gnaw your damn legs off if you don’t get down here and help.” 

Eric laughed first and her stern frown weakened into a grin. He sat down beside her and took up the instructions.

“Oh,” Juliette sat up straight. “He’s kicking.” 

Eric dropped the crib leg and pressed his palm to her swollen belly.

   --

Juliette startled awake. The blanketing dark loomed in all corners of their bedroom. Her lungs took in a deep gulp of air yet she couldn’t dispel the breathlessness that squeezed her chest. 

Eric stirred beside her. “Babe?” He smoothed his hand over her flat belly under the sheets.

“Sorry,” she tried to slow her breathing. “Didn’t mean to wake you.” 

“Nightmare?” 

She shook her head and fought the tears. “A dream. The dream. The same one.”

“Hey,” he pulled her into his chest. “It’s okay. I’m right here.”

She wiped at her eyes. “I know, I know.” Juliette mustered a controlled breath. “I’m just so tired.” 

> WC: 439]


**The challenge:  [WP] Location: A Convention Center | Object: A Name Tag**

* 100-300 words
* The location must be the main setting, but feel free to be creative!
* The object must be included in your story in some way.

----

&nbsp;


Carmen tied off another full garbage bag and tossed it to the growing pile. The first night of the ComiCon had wrapped up and so began Carmen’s first night on the job. Working for the convention center seemed like a sweet gig until they showed her a broom and an extra large uniform shirt. The drab grey hung from her like a sheet. 

“Are you Carmen?” 

She looked up from the clear plastic bag to the unfamiliar face.

“Yeah?” She put down her broom. He was cute with a little half-smile. Nerves tickled her fingers to tuck her short hair behind her ears. 

“Figured as much. I think you got my shirt.” 

Carmen frowned. “Excuse me?”

He waved at her chest, and she was near ready to snap when a deep laugh rumbled his throat. “Something tells me you’re not a Carl.” 

Carmen looked down to the name tag blazing in black and white: **CARL**. 

She puffed out a breath and shook her head. “I’m sorry. They must have given me the wrong one.” 

“Don’t worry about it. Looks good on you,” he said smirking.

With rosed cheeks, she peeled off the outer layer and traded the shirt. 

   &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  --

The last day of the convention left the tables empty and trash-bins bursting. Carmen passed through the quiet hall on her way to the change room knowing another gruelling shift lay ahead. 

In her locker, Carl’s oversized shirt hung. 

“Yo, *Carl*.” 

Carmen frowned. She turned to see Carl standing in the doorway. He wore her medium sized shirt, nearly bursting it at the seems. 

She let out a sharp laugh. “Lookin’ good.” 

Carl winked. “I was thinking you might like a drink later.” 

She couldn’t help her growing grin if she’d wanted to. “I thought you’d never ask, *Carmen*.” 

&nbsp;
 
> WC: 299Originally Posted April 24th, 2019 - ]


Continued  ]  ] 

-----


Olek turned the corner for Operations, drawing nearer to the fizzles of laser and pulse rifles. He pressed against the wall as the flash of the soldering torch bounced off the sleek steel. The alien grunts, the occasional shot from Sol Defense Force pulse weapons, the return fire from Lokayne lasers; all dangerous sounds of a standoff. 

At the corner, Olek stole a glance. 

Outside Operations six SDF soldiers had taken up a defensive position. Around the door, laser fire had scorched the entry. 

Five Lokaynes, one with a massive torch, hunkered not fifteen feet away. The blinding blue of the torch cut into the hull of the corridor. Olek tried to remember the maps of Station 7-B-6. It wasn’t the black that waited on the other side but Operations’ EVAC route. 

He returned around the corner as one of the firing Lokayne’s did a quick sweep of the hall. Their position wasn’t great, wedged between the open junction and the guarded door to Operations. Olek asked himself why when the cold truth chilled him. 

*They’re not expecting any other survivors.* 

He tightened his lips. He held the alien weapon closer. 

*If they breach Opps, we lose the station. With control, they could take down the Sol Alert Net.*

Olek took a steadying breath. He couldn’t make it to the Operations door without being seen. 

*If the alert net’s down, Sol is blind.* 

Satellite 4 wasn’t the first to fall. But, if Station 7-B-6 went dark, Satellite 4 wouldn’t be the last. 

Olek checked the weapon. He couldn’t be sure how many rounds he had left if it even took rounds. For all he knew he was the first human to hold a Lokayne rifle. 

*They can’t get Operations.* 

He exhaled a breath as the SDF fired on the Lokaynes. At their angle, they wouldn’t hit a thing. 

But Olek could. 

Amidst the sizzle of burning metal Olek rounded the corner. He watched the eyes of his fellow SDF soldier’s widen but not a one said a word. With each step Olek took, their rifles pulsed, drawing the Lokayne’s from around their small corner. Three of the aliens roared and returned fire. 

Olek raised the weapon. Lined up his shot.

*They can’t get Operations.*
 
One. Two. Three. He pulled the trigger. The weapon barely kicked, but each shot seemed to thunder in his chest. The first Lokayne didn’t realize. The second had started to turn his head. The third turned his weapon. 

The shot missed Olek and burned the wall just left of his head.

He bounced back around the corner, his pulse thundering. The SDF soldiers shouted, but he couldn’t make out what over the shots. 

A hand gripped Olek and he nearly jumped from his skin. 

“Easy, Recruit.” The Captain pulled Olek around the corner. None of the Lokayne’s survived. 

The Captain looked to Olek’s hands and the weapon. The relief drained into understanding as he nodded. “Get inside. It’s not over yet.”] - ]

Continued from a previous IP - ]

----

Suelen’s fingers tightened with Wuesei’s. Through the initiate, the spark of life, the lightning of the vale’s new heart, thundered. It trickled beneath her skin, from limb to chest. 

Suelen closed her eyes and held her breath. Had it been the same for Guardian Aeda? Suelen remembered her as stoic, strong, a towering figure that barely seemed to quiver at the heart exchange. Had the lightning taken her too? Had she ached and gasped for breath as the power left one for the next?

*It had seemed so peaceful.*

Suelen grit her teeth as the electric beat of Wuesei’s magic as it tightened. In seconds the intensity grew too much to bear and expelled her breath. 

“Guardian?” Wuesei spoke and the glade answered. Her word, singular and soft, triggered the vale’s true shift. The blue ash would burn into the vibrant golds that sparked inside the vale crystal heart. The bark would warm into it’s new colours. The season of blue, the season of Guardian Suelen, had come to its end. 

*It is time for gold.*

“Take… it…” Suelen choked the words out. The initiate clearly hadn’t done so or why would she still be standing? 

“Guardian, I have.” 

Suelen’s eyes snapped open. The glade quivered around them in the change. But the leaves had not turned, not completely. 
Gold trickled through the stems filling the veins of each leaf with shining light, but their blue ash hadn't burned into nothing. It remained. 

Warmth crept into the boughs and as though shaking off the dew, flecks of gold filled the cracks and crevices of their skin. The dark navy surface remained. 

“But…” Suelen’s chest ached less, each second passing had her breaths come easy.

“I don’t want to do this alone.” The initiate gripped Suelen’s hands tighter. Through it Suelen could feel the electric beat, see the sparkling gold that tickled beneath her skin.

Wuesei held the orb above the pool. The butterflies had twisted into fireflies that dappled the glade like twinkling stars. The bolts inside the crystal swirled until their edges curved harmoniously into one another. The chaos, the shock, swirled calmly as Wuesei’s heart regained its steady beat. 

Beneath where the initiate held the golden orb, the water alter turned the current. From the veins of the vale, of the Greshlaends, of Yohla’moor, a new orb lifted to the surface. 

Clear, empty, it turned in the altar pool. 

“How is this possible?” Suelen looked between crystal and Wuesei. The initiate’s doubts were forgotten, not even a memory Suelen could conjure. Every line of her face had relaxed the moment she’d pulled the orb from the altar. 

“Don’t you see?” Wuesei smiled and guided Suelen’s hand forward. “It may be time for gold, now. But it will be blue again.” 
Wuesei pressed Suelen’s palm to the second heart of the vale. Within it the chill of spring water trickled onto her skin. The first butterflies of the vale’s spring lifted into the air, but only around the orb. The blue returned, vibrant like it had been when Suelen was an initiate herself, though it remained near the core, swirling slow. Waiting. 

Tears welled to Suelen’s eyes and she smiled at the child before her. Like the summer come, Wuesei was blossoming. 

The altar water turned and two more orbs lifted from the deep veins of the vale. Crystal, clear, they remained submerged beyond their touch. 

“Four then,” Suelen said with a sigh. 

“Four sisters.” Wuesei’s hand found Suelen’s as fireflies and butterflies danced in the glade.Originally Posted April 18th, 2019 - ] - ]

---

The court opened with pomp, the trumpets roars signalling the end of the war. All who gained circled the new King Reyes grand throne of steel and oak. All who lost bowed before him. 

“Presenting Princess Zabeth,” an attendant called. 

The princess glided across the floor towards the throne's steps. With a deep bow, she mimiced the customs of Reyes court with grace. 

 “My father, King Notol of Lif’lalain, sends his blessing and a gift for you and your people in honour of this day of peace.” 

King Reyes nodded and motioned for her to near. The woman was a sight to behold and boasted all the rumoured beauty of the Lalain. The dark hair like a raven’s feather, milky skin unmarred by the harsh sun of the south, and tall statue equal to that of his own. But it was the eyes of the girl that captured King Reyes. The amber iris with a crimson hint. Only once before had he seen the mark of Lalain royalty.

“Your father is most gracious, of course.” 

The princess nodded again, her bow slight but smooth with the control of a dance. 

“The gift,” Zabeth motioned to her handmaiden who strode forth. The handmaiden's face was veiled behind deep green silk, as all Lalain women were in foreign lands - save for the princess. 

“A crown forged in the gold of Lif’lalain’s eldest mines. Dipped in the four Lady’s waters that surround our borders.” 

A hum churned about the high hall, whispers as she presented the crown. It was as beautiful as the woman, shining, stark. It’s peaks stilled to lethal points while carved in a design and with symbols beyond King Reyes knowing. The same gold lined the girl's neck, adornments no one but the Lalain sported. 

The king nodded to one of his attendants and the crown was presented. Precaution demanded an inspection, so recently after the war. The attendant turned his fingers along all the sides and smeared the precious crown with the alchemist's oils. Once it passed inspection King Reyes took the crown in hand.

What had been beautiful at a distance became masterful up close. Ever line, every crevice, every knick in the soft metal was designed to perfection. He’d never seen a relic such as it before and knew he would never find its equal. 

“A kingly gift,” Reyes said with a smile. 

“And the blessing.” The princess stood and approached the throne. 

Reyes guards stepped nearer but he waved them aside. What danger did such a woman pose to him, the man who bested the great warriors of Lif’lalain? 

She pulled a pin from her hair, small, thin, and sharp. She pricked her finger before replacing it in the raven locks. 

“I bless this crown in the name of my kin, the line of Notol, kings and queens of Lif’lalain. May whoever wears this crown see no evil done to their people. May they walk, not among, but apart from those they have quelled. May they forever be blessed by the gods of Lif’lalain and be preserved in their image. By my blood,” she pressed a drop to the crown Reyes held in his hands, “may this blessing be bound.”

King Reyes smiled as the crimson stained the foremost peak and dripped to the crown's base. 

“You honor me.” His smile widened. He handed the crown to his attendant. 

The princess backed down the steps and her handmaidens returned to her side. Delicate hands, covered in silk, reached out to the jewels around her neck, to the signet ring of serpents intertwined upon her finger. Her hair was freed from the bun to cascade about her shoulders. 

Reyes watched the strange display as the crown was lowered to his head.

“It is said the Lalain are a proud people. It pleases me to know that, even in defeat, you maintain your renowned honor.” 

The weight of the crown was less than a hood, yet his neck ached the moment it lay on him. Reyes frowned and reached to his head, but the skin on his hand pocked and scaled before his eyes. 

“What-what is this?” He pressed up from his throne with a clamour and the crowd of lords and ladies in the hall bent away from the king. 

“By my blood may this *blessing* be bound.” The princess slid a long thin blade from beneath her skirt. The sound of swords unsheathing from his men and those of the handmaidens echoed before the cries leapt from the onlookers. 

“Take them!” Reyes hollered, but his words scraped from his throat.

Though his men tried to do his bidding, the handmaidens dispatched all that drew near the Princess Zabeth. 

With raven locks draping wildly, the amber of her eyes drowned in a feverish crimson. 

“With your last sight remember my brother.” 

The same crimson burned in her gleam like that of the young prince Reyes felled. 

“And by your blood, may this *blessing* let you see nothing else.” She raised the blade and Reyes put out his hand to block her strike. The tip, no more, sliced his flesh before she back away from more of his oncoming guards. 

The lids of his eyes grew heavy. No, not his eyes. His brow cowered over his face, flesh scaling and tightening toward his nose.

“No! PLEASE!” He screamed but it did not stop the drawing curtains over his vision.

And as she promised, amid the sounds of his lords dying, Reyes saw not the evil done to his people. Only the boy, the young prince and his crimson eyes drowning in the sea of dead Lalain.Originally Posted April 18, 2019 - ] - ]

---

“It’s a precious thing.” Suelen stood before the altar, her robes of vines and petals draping her shape. Each delicate petal fluttered in the evening breeze that filtered through the forest of ash blue trees to circle the holy glade.

“The heart of the vale. Of the Greshlaends. Of Yohla’moor.” The guardian extended her hand to Wuesei, bidding her to approach. 

The girl was tall, gifted by the lush waters with growth beyond her days. *We, guardians, are always so tall.* Wusei had yet to come to terms with her body and nearly fumbled on the root steps. The long hem of the fern skirt certainly didn’t help. 

Suelen helped Wuesei climb. She felt her lips lighten with a smile as the girl gaped at the heart. 

“It’s alright,” Suelen said. “It won’t bite.”

Wuesei nodded, rigidly. Once she reached the top the initiate waited just a half step behind Suelen, away from the heart. 

“You will have to come closer, child.” 

“It’s precious,” Wuesei repeated. The sound of her voice sparked a turn in the orb, the delicate glimmers glistening into butterflies that lifted from the crystal. Their colours burned from blue to red to yellow leaving trails of magic in the air. 

The heart had already bound itself to the girl. *And they’ve never even touched.* 

Suelen’s smile faded as she exhaled a breath. 

“It is. And so are you.” She guided Wuesei nearer. 

The heart turned in its pool of clear spring water. The dim blue centre stirred and shimmered. With each step Wuesei took toward it the blue brightened until its core shimmered like gold. 

*Never blue again.* 

Suelen remembered when she had been the initiate when Guardian Aeda’s faded orange heart had flickered like a spark into the vibrant blue Suelen sustained for so many years. The kind smile Aeda had given her that barely veiled her grief. 

“We give a part of ourselves to the heart,” Suelen echoed the words Aeda had whispered to her. “We guardians sustain it, and it, in turn, sustains the vale. The Greshlaends. Yohla’moor.” 

Wuesei nodded but stared down at the orb fearfully. “Will it hurt?”

Suelen shook her head. “No. You will be one and you will feel all the heart feels. It is an honour.” 

The last tendrils of the heart’s hold on Suelen quivered.

“But you must accept it. You must choose.” 

Wuesei’s eyes teared as she nodded and Suelen felt her own break through her calm. Still, she smiled. 

“Together?” Wuesei asked. 

Suelen gasped back a breath. The weakened beat of the heart ached within Suelen’s chest, the last beats of the blue vale. 
“It is time for gold, Guardian.” Suelen sighed. “But I will remain if that is your wish.” 

Wuesei nodded and took Suelen’s hand in hers. With her free fingers, the initiate reached toward the heart. The center sparked light lightning and gold streaks cluttered within the orb. The butterflies twisted and turned in the air, multiplying until they filled the holy glade. 

Suelen’s chest stalled. Her breaths grew weak. Each strike felt like a hand reaching into her chest to tighten her lungs. 

*It is time for gold.* 

Suelen closed her eyes as Wuesei’s hand grasped the heart of the vale.

---

]So these are a little different than the regular prompts so I've included the specs here. 
]


> **How to Contribute**

> **Word List:**
> Banshee / Arcane / Manticore / Pixie
> 
> **Sentence Block:**
>
> They say the sea is filled with Mermaids. Wouldn’t that be something?
> 
> Trolls live under bridges, Dragons live on mountains. Everyone has their place.
> 
> **Defining Features:**
>
> The story must be written like diary entries, with at least 2 entries.
> 
> The story must take place in a marketplace
> 
> Write a story or poem in the comments below using at least 2 things from the three categories above. But the more you use, the more points you get. Because yes! There are points! Also be sure your stories are no longer than 800 words!

---

Mai flicked the pencil scribblings from the page and they danced on the vibrant orange peels. A patron for the market looked at the specs and the notepad with a scowl. 

Mai forced a smile as she dusted off the orange. “It’s fine,” she said. 

The woman turned her nose up and grasped her paper bag before stalking off to the next market stall.
 
“That’s bad customer service,” Mai’s father said as he heaved a basket of apples in front of the fruit stand. 

“She got the oranges, didn’t she?” Mai looked down to her page and pressed pen to paper. 

*The manticore’s maw opened and released a banshee’s squall. As though the arcane gods dipped their hands down into the forest, the trees parted and bowed to the manticore’s majesty.*

Mai frowned at the line and scratched out a few of the words. 

*….the ~~manticore's~~ creature’s majesty? ~~Released~~ expelled a banshee’s ~~squall~~ cry? Shriek? Call?*

“What’s it this time?” her father asked. 

“Wha?”

“The story.” He dumped a bushel of green onions into a display box, their stems still sprouting. “What’s it this time?”

Mai rolled her eyes and pulled her notebook closer lest he spy her words. 

“I always liked the old fairytales. You know, ones where they say 'the sea is filled with mermaids'. Wouldn’t that be something?” He chuckled and filled a large paper bag with lettuce heads for one of their regulars. “Like that last one you did, that was neat.”

“Oh my god Dad,” Mai sighed. “It wasn’t about mermaids.”

“No? Maybe I’m thinking about the one where trolls live under bridges, dragons live on mountains. Everyone has their place, right?” He smiled a wide toothy grin. 

Mai’s cheeks flared as another patron passed, a laugh on the man’s lips. 

“Can we stop talking about this here?” she pleaded.

“Or was is pixies?”

“Dad, stop.” 

“Or fairies?”

“Pleeease.” 

“What are pixies anyway?”

“You’re killing me.” 

“Bag the oranges,” her father waved at Mrs. Cho as she stood, tapping her foot, before the massive piled of sunset coloured orbs. 
With a huff Mai shut her notebook and dropped half a dozen oranges in the paper bag. A hand full of coins passed between Mrs. Cho and Mai before the bag disappeared into the crowd.

“Can I go now?” Mai asked with a huff. 

“When your mother’s back.” 

Her father smiled and nodded as more customers filtered into the weekend market, people plucking vegetables up to sniff and squish. 

Mai flipped open her book as she watched them fondle the fruit and pressed pencil to page. *The creature’s claws encircled the-*

“So,” her father’s shadow loomed over her shoulder and Mai slammed the book shut. “What’s this one about?”

She pursed her lips. She furrowed her brow. She pressed every possible muscle into the shape of disapproving scorn. 

Still, her father smiled. 

Mai rolled her eyes and relaxed. “A manticore.” 

“Oh yeah?”

“You have no idea what a manticore is, do you?”

“Persian, if memory serves.” Her father winked and turned to the bin of avocados, pulling the ripest to the forefront. “Lion with wings, right?”

Mai’s jaw dropped. “Yeah. And a scorpion tail.” 

“Wouldn’t that be something,” he said shaking his head. “What’ve you got so far?”

Mai smiled wide and opened her notebook. “Not much.” She stared at the few lines and notes on the page, the raw spill of her thoughts still seeking form. 

“Well,” her father pressed another filled-to-the-brim bag of vegetables and fruit into a customer's waiting arms. “Read me some?”

Mai's cheeks grew hot, her throat grew tight. Nerves tickled her but she nodded. 

“The manticore’s maw opened,” she started reading from her notebook propped upon the mound of tangerines.Another IP Today! Always good to get the creative juices flowing. 
] - ]

---

*It was just an accident.* 

Tom stared wide-eyed through the dark coal storm. Despite the thick clouds and the striking lightning, every detail flashed before him crystal clear. 

**There are no accidents.**

The ground rumbled beneath enormous feet, but where they met the earth, they swirled into vicious tornadoes destroying all that dare stand before them. 

*They didn’t mean to.* 

The smell of gasoline and burnt rubber lingered in his nose and on his clothes. Only the dense thick storm dared steal the memory of it as Tom watched each destructive step.

**Intention matters little, boy.** 

One by one, homes splintered and cracked into debris. Shards of lives that could never truly be reassembled. 

*I don’t want this.*

So high, the air should have felt thin, but it was fear that had Tom breathing quick. Not the height, not the concern for his own life. Not the pain that had engulfed him after the dashboard crumbled into his chest. 

**That matters less.** 

The aqua lightening pulsed around Tom, his fingers itching with the power. Every cell in his body craved to reach out and expel the tension that crackled inside. It would be so easy to let it go, to give in. 

*You can stop this. Please. It wasn’t their fault.* 

Tom opened his mouth to speak as the first rains dripped from his ethereal brow to his lips. Not his human body, no, but the gaseous nightmare that swirled around him. 

**It never is. Mortals are… but flickering fires. They cannot fathom what their embers can ignite.**

Tom tried to shake his head but couldn’t move within the aspect. Like he was strapped in, a mere puppet for the thing that lived inside. The thing that swallowed the fields in shadow. 

*No. We’re not like that.*

Fires leapt up from where the homes had been and although Tom’s feet were suspended hundreds of feet in the air, they tickled and shrunk away from the slight ache. 

**They are. But you and I, we are the storm to drown them.**

His eyes burned with electric heat and the countryside became even clearer. He could see for hundreds of miles, see the clouds turning toward him, see the sun quaking from his advance. 

*Please… it was just a car accident.*  

Tom tried to call out as the aspect reached his electric fingers. Tom’s own hand moved with it, beyond his control. But beneath it he knew the words before the voice spoke them as if they were his own thoughts. 

**Embrace what we are, boy.** 

Tom’s mouth and that of the aspect opened together. 

***Embrace the spark.***Two this week for the TT over at Writing Prompts - Originally posted April 5th, 2019 ]

----

“Hey.” Clive swayed his hips out of time with the music. 

“Hey.” Becca Thompson nodded but turned to the side. 

*Less receptive. Okay. Step Two.* 

“What’s up?” Clive asked as his eyebrows danced to an unheard rhythm. 

Becca frowned. “Uhh, not much. Dancing, I guess.” 

Clive shimmied nearer as the bass thumped. *Alright, she’s not walked away. Step Three it is.*  

“You like science?”

Becca’s frown didn’t let up. 

“I like science.” 

Her eyes darted to her friends in a small circle away where their giggles were masked by the blaring pop song. But, she’d yet to escape from earshot. 

*Proceed to Step Four.* 

“Like gravity,”

“Like what?” Becca frown shifted to a scowl. 

“Gravity,” he said louder, “interpreted by Newton's law of universal gravitation, is a force that causes any two bodies to be attracted to each other. The force is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the distance between them, if you know what I mean.” He winked, with more than his eye, nearly smacking her head with his in the process. 

Her scowl disappeared into a smeared look of confusion. “… what did you say?”

*Step Five, Clive. Reel ‘em in.*

“With an ass like that, how could anyone NOT get caught in your gravitational pull!” Every word ballooned against the walls of the gym in the crevice of silence between songs. 

Becca Thompson stopped. Her jaw dropped. At barely a pace away Clive watched her confusion drain from every perfect line of her features. 

Clive stopped. *Uh oh.* His face grew hot. He swallowed the lump that was his throat. “I mean-”

The shock melted as Becca’s shoulders shook. In a laugh. 

*Huh, that’s…new?*

The nasal snort that preceded her giggle fit infected Clive until he was laughing too. The laugh rippled around the room and Clive’s cheeks flamed. 

*Step Six A, here I come.* He mapped out his exit strategy; if he ran at full speed he could make the hall in twelve seconds. The parking lot in forty-two. He’d timed it. 

But Becca Thompson reached out to his wrist, still snorting back her laughs. “That… was… the best…” Her fingers slid down to his and Clive stared at her hand. Holding his. 

“Come on.” She straightened herself out and put his hand on her hip. Her eyes teared, her cheeks rosed. He didn’t think she could get prettier but there she went, defying logic. 
“Close the inversely proportioned distance and let my curvature of spacetime show you how to move.”

> WC: 428



---


The artificial gravity’s rotational ring passed the plexi-glass window. Olek spooned re-hydrated protein to his lips. It tasted how someone thought beef should taste but Olek couldn’t know if it was right. 

“Not much of a view,” Sergeant Culpepper said. 

“No, sir.” Olek moved over to make room for his Sergeant.

“But you’re used to it, right? A Satellite 4 kid, an all.” 

“Yes, sir.” Olek reached for his glass but stopped as the rotational strut passed the window slower than it should. 

The sudden screech of metal screamed and Olek dropped his spoon to the tray. Beside him Culpepper and the other recruits covered their ears.

By the time the sound stopped Olek’s cup lifted into the air. The spoon, the tray, the synthesized beef protein, everything not bolted to the floor soared, including the men. 

“Fuckin’ AG again,” Culpepper barked. He abandoned his plate to float to the door. 

Outside the window the strut shuddered, waiting to push the next rotation and re-establish the artificial gravity. *No, not broken. Stalled?* Olek frowned. *It shouldn’t stall.* 

Then, the strut moved. Fast. Too fast. 

Everything suspended in the air descended with extreme force. The men included. Groans, swears, and the clatter of metal rumbled around them. On the floor, Olek tried to push himself up but the oppressive AG weighed him to the steel. 

Olek turned his lead heavy head to watch the Sergeant struggle. Culpepper’s muscles tensed but the hulking man didn’t move. 

Inside his chest, Olek’s lungs ached from the weight.

Pop. Pop. Pop. 

Down the corridor the sound of pulsing laser fire echoed. 

Olek’s pulse pounded.

Heavy, metal footfalls grew louder and a voice echoed unfamiliar words from the hall. When the shape appeared it stood nearly as tall as the hallway, at least half as wide. Olek had never seen a Lokayne in person. No one had and lived. 

The alien stomped into the mess as if the increased gravity had no effect, and raised its weapon to the Sergeant. 

Culpepper spat. “Fuck you-”

Pop. 

It walked to another recruit gasping on the floor. 

Pop. 

Olek swallowed and his fingers grasped his spoon.

One by one. Pop. Pop. Pop.

The thundering boot drew nearer, its foreign muzzle aimed at Olek’s head. But the screeching groan returned and the artificial gravity righted. The Lokayne turned back to the hall, muttering in its own tongue. 

*Now.*

Like he weighed nothing, Olek jumped to his feet spoon in hand. He turned it around, the scoop in his palm, and jabbed it into the Lokayne’s neck. The plates of the atmosphere armour gave way to the sturdy steel and the handle entered what Olek hoped was its jugular. 

Thick white fluid streaked with green spilled from the wound. The Lokayne dropped its weapon to hold its life in. 

Olek bent to the gun. It fit uncomfortably in his hand as he aimed the stubbed barrel at the Lokayne. 

“For Satellite 4.”

Pop. 

White mist painted the floor.


> WC: 500Originally posted April 4th, 2019. ] -- This was a prompt switcheroo with u/Pyrotox ! Check out I picked. 

----

*You’ve got this, Clark.* He smacked his hands together and tried to rub his nerves away. *Just remember, you got this. You’re a star. You’re a freaking star.*

The lights flashed on the small staging ground, bright hoovering fluorescents that pulse in time with his heartbeat. They grew in speed with his anticipation. 

“Now, for all you folks at home, the rules are simple. The contestant will be dropped to the staging ground EPOCH J2000 with limited currency, the clothes on his back, and the randomly generated memories of an “earthling”. The goal: find a home, get a job, save a life, or meet his true love in the next 24 hours. 
Each goal met raises the prize tier. If he dies…” 

“Womp womp, wowowowowowomp” the sound effect blared and the crowd laughed and cheered. 

Clark’s pulse thundered. 

“He won’t remember who he is. He won’t know the game. But that, folks, is-”

“How. You. Play. Earthling!” The announcer and crowd chorused together with a series of claps and hoots. Clark could hear the studio audience from the revolving speakers on the teleportation platform. 

“So, Clark Greshen of Satellite 87, are you ready to play Earthling?” 

*You got this, Clark.* He threw up his thumbs in the familiar earthling gesture. The announcer mimicked it back, the crowd displayed on materialized screens with thumbs up and down. Not everyone seemed to get it. 

*You watched every episode. You know how it's done. You got this.* 

The platform buzzed, the music started. The theme song to How To Play Earthling crackled and popped with the formulated designed to immerse the play. 

He didn’t know what era it was, they always left that to the last moment. It was Clark’s favourite gimmick of the declining show. But the clothing often gave little hints. T-shirt and jeans. Twentieth century. He sighed with relief. Twentieth century wasn’t the hardest era. Sure finding a home with limited funds in twenty-four hours wasn’t as easy as clobbering a cave-man and stealing his hole, but the highest reward tiers were reserved for true love. And the chance of death definitely lower. 

*If you don’t count all the damn cars.* 

He gulped back the thought and refocused. 

You got this, Clark.

The platform pulsed with energized air. The vibrations increased until it shook his whole frame. 

*Love of your life. Love of your life. Love of your life.* He hoped repeating it would help to remember, that’s what all the other contests used to say worked. The ones that made it back.

“Now, while Clark’s teleporting down, let's go over the prizes!” 

“That right, Herb,” The sultry tones of Lora Lux cooed as she drifted nearer on a hoverboard. “For tier 1, survival, Clark will a lifetime supply of -”

The platform hummed so loud it drowned out the smooth words of Lora Lux, but Clark still watched her plump lips form the words for the studio and televised audiences.

Only when the sparks from the energized air blocked his view did he close his eyes. 

*Love of your life, Clark. You got this. You freaking got this.* 

Snap. 

Clark Greshen felt the bike handlebar snap his shoulder and knock him off the pavement. 

“Watch it!” the cyclist yelled before hopping off the curb and hitting the road at full speed.

The hot pavement burned his fingers, the sun beating down on the concrete jungle as he tried to get to his feet. 

The horn of the taxi blared through Clark’s dizziness, it’s bumper barrelling towards him at blinding speed. 

He held his breath. He couldn’t move. 

“Watch out!”

A hand gripped his and tugged Clark off the road. He stumbled forward into the shape and the rolled to the wide city sidewalk. Passersby cursed and sidestepped to two shapes until  Clark managed to roll to the side. 

“Are you nuts or something?” Her voice was smooth and lyrical despite the shock that cut the words short. Clark pushed himself up to stare at the fierce pink braids that trailed over her shoulders. The aqua contact lenses shining like headlights.

“Yeah,” he blurted, scratching the back of his head. “Probably.” 

Her shocked morphed to a wide amused smile as she hopped to her feet. “Watch your step, man. Cabs’ll take you head right clean off.” She swiped her finger across her neck before dusting off her pants. When she turned to leave Clark scrambled to his feet. 

*You got this, Clark.* He let out a nervous breath. 

“Wait, let me get you a coffee or something for saving my life.” He blurted. 

She stopped. 

“My name’s Clark.”

“Stella.” She waved him on and the two started down the sidewalk. 

*You got this, Clark.*Originally submitted Mar 29th, 2019 - ]

----

“Another one?” Claude tucked his thumb and forefinger beneath his chin wearing a look of disappointed consideration. 

Orelia flicked the paint brush. The stench of turpentine leeched from the stirred paint on her wood palette. This time it was stained with deep wine reds that bled into scarlet rose. 

The strokes seemed to slice the canvas with splatter dappling their edges. Harsh, rushed, violent strokes that created the form of a door.

“Another solitary door…” Claude whispered to himself. The last twenty-three paintings had been doors. Different styles, different colours, but always doors. Always closed. That it was Claude’s struggle to find creative ways to sell yet another wall sized painting of a “tiresome subject” didn’t matter to Orelia. 

Drawn to the stinking paint, she smashed the thick hog’s hair bristles into the merlot and dragged it along the cherry panels. Just a few more strokes and it’d be finished.

“The reds are striking, I must say.” Claude could prattle about skill, the choice of hues. He could spin the most convincing drivel about a painting’s representation of the artist’s soul. 

*But he doesn’t understand.*

Orelia’s pulse thundered as she picked up the round brush. Like all the others it was a part of her. The chipped coating of the handle, once a warm butterscotch, had shaved to its pale pine bones. The course grain welcomed her touch in grooves that her fingers had sculpted over time.

“Well, I won’t keep you. Just… consider what I said last time. The green one was harder to sell this time of year. And perhaps, if you tried other subject, one not so tired-” 

“Turn off the light on your way out.” 

He sighed but didn’t argue. Claude would never argue lest she fire him like the last agent. Orelia didn’t care how much the paintings sold for, but that they were gone so she could make the right one. 

*But it's never right.* 

The light turned off, her apartment door closed, and the dark draped her shoulders. In it the canvas darkened. 

A chromatic glow grew from the gap outlining the door. It shimmered in colours Orelia could never capture in oil, water, or acrylic. The wine wood frame, the apple joists, the blush dimpled edging, the candy bright knob. Each one paled in the brilliant undulating hues of light. 

*He can’t see it. No one can.* 

Her lips trembled but she would not cry. She was beyond tears after so many doors had failed her.

Orelia put down the brush and palette. She reached for the canvas, fingers aching to grasp the door knob. Just as it had with each painting before, her skin pricked in the desperate and charged yearning to try. 

*This one. Please let it be this one.* 

She met the wet canvas and expelled a defeated breath. Her fingers, dappled red, curled into her palm. 

The glow died. 

*It’s not the right one.* 

> WC: 487Originally submitted Mar 29th, 2019 - ]

This was an accidental interpretation of the last TT: Underwater. Wrote this entire piece without, you know, going **under** water. But I like it. It's just fun, which is not what I normally write. 

---

Koro slipped off his sandals beyond the sheltering wall of ferns and fronds. As he bent to the lake’s edge the corners of his lips turned up and he tilted his head right. His reflection smiled with him, but its head went left. 

“You ready?” he asked. 

His reflection nodded.

Koro stood and stepped back from the waters edge. “You better be ready.”

The lake surged in response, just the once, before it stilled like glass. 

Deep breaths, his muscles tensed. One, two, three, he leapt off the side of the lake’s edge.
 
The air held him in those long glorious seconds before he plummeted toward the calm plane. But when his toes met the water Koro skid along the top, arms stretched wide. The current supported him as he twisted to spin until the verdant scenery blurred. 

His reflection turned below. Koro spun atop. A dance of perfect symmetry until Koro crouched and launched himself again. His reflection pushed with him and they somersaulted. 

The top of the lake waved after Koro. It reached up in the tiniest of tides and, as they met, the water dipped and accepted Koro’s weight. It smoothed and led him into a curling crest of crystal blue at least twice his height. 

“Hey, I can’t get wet!” Koro threw his arms out for balance, teetering on one leg, but his water half looked on with arms reposed. 

The wave reached overhead, shadowing Koro beneath its drops. His balance returned and his reflection parted to meet him in the side of the wave. They faced one another and stuck out their tongues. Where Koro flashed a fake frown his reflection’s grin grew sly. 

The wave dropped nearly on top of him. With curled fingers Koro pulled the wave back to the depths to then claw it beneath his relaxed toes. 

“Not today!” He hunched low. His shoulders relaxed, his hands lifted, and the wave grew with him toward the sky. His reflection fell in sync and their smiles married. 

“Koro?” His mother’s called from beyond the green. 

Koro froze. 

The wave dropped. He toppled forward. The water’s surface came up fast. 

Koro sucked in a breath as he met the rippling top, but he didn’t sink. The lake enveloped him only to eject Koro from the very place he’d entered. The surface a door that enters and exists from the same direction. 

The puddle jumper stood sopping wet on the damp grass. 

Koro’s mother pressed through to the glade. “There you are!” She frowned at the state of him. “I thought I said no swimming.” 

Koro flashed a sheepish grin. “Sorry?” 

She sighed. “We’ll need to dry you off.” His mother motioned for Koro to follow. “Don’t want you getting the car wet. At least this time you didn’t wear your shoes.”

As Koro tugged on his sandals he looked over the edge to the water.

“Could help yourself, could you?”

His reflection shrugged and rippled away to his perfect mirrored grin.]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

This chapter is released ahead of schedule as I will be unavailable to post this Friday. Next week everything should be back on schedule!

---

The rabble disbanded and Reid exhaled a sigh. Even with Tish following them back to the fire he watched, waited, even suspected one of them would turn to fight.

“We have got to be more careful. ” He ran a hand through his hair and the slight tingle of sweat smeared his palm. “The warrant is for her to be taken alive. We caught a break that she’s not already dead but if those people decide to smash her head in this’ll all be for nothing.” 

Laurence’s lip flinched. 

“You have got to manage this shit.” Reid flicked a finger against the flask. “I’m not-”

“Shut up and pay attention to _her_, Lavelle.” Laurence pushed off the car with his shotgun hanging lazily under his arm. “I’m not your job.” 

With a steady breath, Reid swallowed the argument. Fighting with Laurence was bound to happen, but the man had a mean temper when drunk. The sobering pain killers wouldn’t last all day and things were tense enough as it was. Reid’s fingers tightened into his fist, nails threatening to pierce the skin of his palm. _Don’t goad him. Just get her back. Do the job._

In the trunk, Ashley stirred. With the small crowd gone, Reid opened the hatch and peered inside. Her colour looked good, less pale than the night before. _How the hell did she get up though?_ When she turned, her eyes fluttered open and she lifted her arm to block the diffused daylight he’d let in. 

Reid frowned. “If you’re well enough to run you can get up.” 

She looked away and turned her back to him. 

Reid tore the blanket from her shoulders. With a groan, she reached to grab it back, far slower than he’d seen her move by the river’s edge days before. 

“I said get up. I need to check your shoulder.” His hand clasped around her upper arm and tugged her closer to the open hatch. 

She mumbled something, stuttered words fluttering past her lips and he couldn’t make out what she said. All the same, he tugged hard. The cuffs jingled on her wrists before she rolled, a little too quickly.

Her fist connected with his chin. 

The shock stumbled him back before the pain skipped across his jaw. Then, with her arm still firm in his grip, he inadvertently dragged her out of the hatchback. The two tumbled to the ground and she spilled on top of him with a guttural groan. 

“Reid what the-” Shannon started but he quickly stopped. 

Cazalla squirmed on Reid, her face scrunched in a grimace. He tried to lift her but she made it difficult. Dark waves laden with sweat draped around his face and invaded his mouth when he opened it to call out. The cuffs bundled her hands against his chest and her palms pressed flat against him. Weakly, though far stronger than she should have been, Cazalla pushed herself up until he could see her eyes.

“I said… fuck you.” An exhausted frustration lit her face until her arms trembled and she fell into him again. The blood-soaked bandage on her shoulder nearly pressed into his cheek. Infection lingering so near stole his focus as he tried to push her to the side. 

“She’s infected!” The alarm blurted from Shannon and, from his limited view, Reid watched Shannon reach to his hip and draw his gun. 

“No, she’s not!” Reid called out. “Just get her off of-” 

The shot cut him short. His heart pounded with the ringing pounded in his ears. He rolled himself and the girl to the side, her form like a rag doll in his arms. 

“She just hit me,” Reid exhaled in a panic. “She’s not a fucking wendigo!” He rolled her onto her front and searched for the bullet wound. _Wasn’t a through and through. I’d be hit if it passed through. I can stop the bleeding. Find the wound. Stop the bleeding._

She groaned beneath his hunting hands. 

“Calm down, Lavelle. He didn’t hit her.” Laurence sounded more annoyed than worried. No blood wet Reid’s fingers and her sweater wasn’t any more stained that it was from the bite. 

“Why the fuck did you stop me?” Shannon spat. Laurence’s hand still gripped the underside of Shannon’s arm holding it up and to the side. 

Reid sat back on the ground and tried to calm his pulse. “Fucking hell, Shannon.”

“The bitch was trying to bite you! You should be thanking me.” 

“She didn’t bite me. She _hit_ me.”

The frown on Shannon’s lips stretched into a delighted smirk. “Punched you?” He looked between the girl and Reid. Beside him, Laurence chuckled. “Half dead and still fighting? I think I’m starting to like her.” 

“Fuck you, it’s not funny. She just caught me off guard,” Reid said, but Laurence’s shoulders shook. 

Shannon laughed again. “Yeah, okay. Sure she did, man.”

“What the hell is going on?” Tish exhaled a heavy breath after finally reaching the commotion. 

“Reid here was wrastlin’ with Cazalla.” Shannon slapped his knee before holstering his gun. 

Tish frowned. “What the hell is he talking about?” 

Laurence shook his head and motioned at the tourists. “Never mind that, just get back to getting them ready.” 

Reid cursed and turned Cazalla over. A shit-eating grin, though lazy and slight, creased into her cheeks. 

“Laugh it up,” he grumbled over her. “Just remember I hold the drugs. Piss me off and-” Her grin disappeared and her eyes opened. The way she stared at him made him stop. Despite the weakness, she must be suffering her brown eyes were alert and it was like she stared right through him. He remembered that night in the forest, the campfire, the whispers from shadows. _“Make a sound and you bleed.”_

The words he had faltered. Reid looked away.

As gently as he could he slipped his hands beneath her back and legs. She was light from the sickness but wasn’t a big girl to start with. Whatever fight she’d had seemed lessened after the one blow, but it did the trick. It landed and harder than he expected. Even if he’d seen it coming his jaw wouldn’t feel any less tender. 

He lay her down on the makeshift sled they’d built from debris. They needed speed going forward and carrying her wasn’t going to do it. A drag though, one man could manage her weight on a sturdy sled. With some reclaimed straps, a blanket or two, they could tuck her in real good. Would probably be damn cozy too. 

After a cough, blood stained her lips. Reid leaned over and wiped the red with the collar of her sweater. It couldn’t be internal bleeding so he chalked it up to the last of what was in her belly. 

“You should drink,” he said softly. “You’ll dehydrate if you don’t.” Her eyes opened and she let him help her sit up just a bit. He pulled out a bottle from his pack and brought it to her lips. Small sips, not without a bit of spill, and each one seemed to waken her a little more. But there was no time to linger. Around them, the others were already packed and ready so he tucked the bottle in his pack and checked the belts. 

_This will all be over soon,_ he hoped. 

Laurence called for them all to gather, tourists included. 

“Okay people, we're heading south on the DVP.” 

Reid let the sled come to a slow stop and he wiped the sweat from his brow. 

The Don Valley Parkway loomed below. High soil retaining walls stretched along one side of the four-lane highway and the thick green of the overgrown Don River Valley lined the other. Between them, the asphalt was littered with cars but not like the highway where you could weave your way through easily. It was dense, tall masses of metal towering in unintended shapes. Through a trick of the clouds the shade made it look like a dark alley or strange tunnel. 

The pileup was the sort of thing that nightmares were made of or at least the ones that plagued them all before infection. One car started a chain reaction until an entire roadway was a mess of vehicles and fire. He remembered when he'd heard about it, stories of the chaos, people dying, and countless more infected. Those that left safe walls and dared to take the DVP never came back. It was a dangerous route, they all knew it. But it was the fastest. 

Behind Laurence, Shannon mumbled something about dumb ideas that earned him a stern look, but it was all the pause Laurence seemed ready to take. 

“If you don't know what that means, it's simple. Keep up.” A few of the adults looked down and listened, but the children's eyes fixed on Laurence. “We will not be stopping until we're in the city. We have about six hours before it gets dark, and it's a four-hour walk. It's not easy but it's doable just don't slow down. If you don’t keep up, you become a problem and I don’t like problems.” 

A few of the children frowned but Reid stopped paying attention to the speech. _Like he hasn’t intimidated them enough as it is._

He bent one knee to his patient. She was watching Laurence with those surprisingly alert eyes. 

“Look at me.” He took her chin in his hand and turned her face. Her pupils were normal and her cheek’s colour returning, or it was some damn trick of light that made it look that way. Part of him was relieved but he retained his skepticism. _No one comes back from a bite._

Turning her head to the side Reid looked at the gauze on her wound, pulling up the corners. Underneath the skin was grey, the bite site black and round. The grey skin had swelled but otherwise looked healthy, discounting the colour. If he didn’t know better, he’d have guessed the open wound was at least a week old. _It’s only been days…_

With a frown, his fingers pressed the skin. A soft groan left her lips as she tried to suppress a grimace of pain. 

“Sorry.” His frown deepened. _Why am I apologizing?_

His fingers went to work replacing the gauze. There was no telling when they would stop again and he wanted her as healthy as possible. 

“... don't drop behind,” Laurence said to the group. “If something goes wrong, don't be a hero. And above all else, the girl has to live. At all costs.” 

Reid felt all eyes turn and burn a hole in his back. Not at him, but through him to Cazalla on the sled. He watched her turn her head away as a slight sigh dropped her shoulders. 

_Does she regret it?_ He wanted to ask, wanted to know if any part of her felt bad for what she’d done. Maybe she was everything they said she was. A terrorist. A monster. It never bothered him much before and, even as they hunted her, he never once thought about why she did it. But her eyes turned away from questioning stares dared to wonder.

_It doesn't matter now._ He tore his eyes from her and stretched his shoulders. _Do the job. Take her back. Make the trade._

Laurence went on. “If she dies none of us are getting out of here. Clear?” 

Nods would follow, Reid was sure. 

“We leave in 10 minutes. Brisk pace.”


---


Thank you for reading! If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions. I love interacting with readers. 


]  — [Next: Chapter 7 *Coming soon!*]]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

---

After hours of insistence, Reid finally did as he was told and grabbed a bedroll. But he fought Laurence on it, oh did he fight. _Stubborn shit._ For two days not once had Laurence seen Reid close his eyes. It took nearly passing out to finally get the damn medic to sleep. 

Laurence sighed and tried to stifle his own yawn as the night settled in around them. He took the next watch over their prisoner and despite Reid's predictions, sense, or experience, Cazalla was still alive. She lay beside him barely making a sound between her slow and steady breaths. Bitten, bleeding, but breathing. Such a small person, a small thing to cause so much trouble. 

Laurence looked around the campfire to the sleeping faces. Not a one stirred, and the fire a dozen or so feet away looked just as still. He fumbled in his jacket and retrieved his flask. 

The firewater slid down his throat, old, stale, but strong as hell. It’d been a mix of whatever he could find before shipping out on the hunt; some whiskey, some scotch, a thimble full of gin he could still taste. The swill burned and was foul but it did the trick. After a few long drags on the dented flask, he replaced it in his coat. 

Cazalla stirred beside him, rolling on to her back, and he put out his leg to stop her. He tipped her back on her side. Couldn’t risk her choking on her sick in the night, would ruin their plans. Even if she was healing unnaturally fast, even if she wasn’t succumbing to infection, like hell was something as mundane as choking going to get in his way. He'd feel damn stupid with all those people depending on them. 

And there was that reward. 

Pulling the crumpled paper from his pocket Laurence looked down at the worn and weathered page. It seemed silly, like something from the old spaghetti westerns he'd loved as a kid. A piece of a world so fucking far gone. But this one, it didn’t have that kind of charm. No block jail-house lettering, no artists rendition of the outlaw scowling from the page. The one he held had a strangely sterile feeling to it. _Clinical. That's the word._

A still shot from a surveillance camera blazed in thick black ink. Laurence looked from the girl to the picture. The likeness was accurate. Her eyes were looking away, a sense of urgency in the snapshot, but he couldn’t tell anything else from it. Just the girl in a crowd. 

He’d burned her features into his mind for over a year. He’d stared at the posters, had more than one. He memorized every line, freckle, and curve. Ashley Cazalla. Her name scrawled across the bottom, all caps, block letters. Memorable. Hell, he couldn’t imagine ever seeing a page like it before in his life. Not outside the pictures, anyways. 

“_Wanted for commission, participation, and facilitating terrorist activity. Required ALIVE. Reward: 20 Million US Dollars and Safe Transport out of the Infected Zone,”_ the flier read. 

_MAD Wendigo._ Laurence couldn’t remember when he first heard the name, or if it was about the infection, about her. But there, in strange handwriting it was pressed into the page. He didn’t write it and he’d never seen someone else write the words, but they accompanied her picture, the poster, nearly every warning about infection Laurence had ever seen. 

_MAD Wendigo…_ He took another drink. People nicknamed it the “wendigo virus” pretty quick on account of people eating people. Probably wasn’t long after that the name came out. It stuck with him. It stuck with everyone. 

“Down right tragic to get bit by your own weapon.” He looked over her shoulder and shook his head in answer. A smug but tired smirk graced his lips and he dared another drink. 

During the day when the others were awake he didn't talk to her. _What's it called... composure or some bullshit like that. Don't let them see the wrinkles, the toll it takes._ Given the chance many would kill her rather than trade her in. Hard work to keep yourself alive, let alone some other asshole. If he was honest, he didn't feel all that different. One shot, nice and clean. A simple death, far better than those she’d brought about. 

But Laurence played it cool. Collected himself when the rest were around and awake.

“I lost my wife.” His eyes wandered on the darkness where he knew the group of women and children were sleeping. Something about all those people made him think of her. Of his Natalia. 

“She was working as a nurse.” He rubbed the empty ring finger. “We separated for three months because I wanted her to quit and come home.” The flask slid to the ground with a tine-y clink. “She wouldn't hear of it, not my Natalia.” 

Saying her name wasn’t hard, it was hearing it. His own voice. The soft echo of her name in the dark.

Laurence leaned down and picked up the flask and tilted it in another deep drink.

“It was a kid. No a wendigo, just some scared kid, but it ain’t hard to put it together. People saw a bite and…” His eyes closed and he imagined her face. Round with full lips and sharp brown eyes. When she smiled, she’d narrow one eye and her lips leaned to one side. The scar on her chin, he remembered when she told him how she got it but the details were masked by time and the drink. But those eyes, smiling, suggestive, and goddamn strong, he could picture them as clear as the woman at his feet. 

“You know how it goes don't you.” When he opened his eyes, his vision blurred. He tried to wipe it away until his eyes ached. “Doesn't matter if you've got it or not, does it?” 

He’d watched it happen to others. The paranoia, the fear. The mania that spread like wildfire. 

Laurence never saw his wife after that. Not the smiles, the sultry eyes, nor the way she twisted her fingers in her hair. He even missed the fights. It burned him to know the look she’d have seen at the end, the wildfire stares. The fear and manic self-preservation.

“I thought that when I found you I'd want to know why.” Another deep drink wet his lips. “But I don't care.” He half chuckled, shaking the empty flask. “Not anymore.” 

Cazalla coughed and shivered. He pulled the small blanket back up over her shoulders. 

“So keep breathing, sweetheart. Just a little longer now.” _Then it’ll all be over._

A light scuffle of a tin can broke the silence and Laurence stumbled to his feet. It was pitch black, the sky hanging low like draping blankets. The highway lights had run out of power shortly after the outbreak and the fire's embers lit little beyond the circle. 

But sound carried. It carried too damn well among the cars, bounding off metal. It confused the ears, and as he thought he heard the sound by where the kids slept, he couldn’t be sure.

A low groan sounded behind him. Laurence spun with a speed that his size belied. His hand went to his side, shotgun poised and ready. Heart racing, eyes darting from car to car, he bit his lip hard. _Keep quiet. Keep low._

It happened again, a little louder, a little closer. Squinting through the dark he spied a shape on the ground rustling under a coat. 

His heart began to steady and he rubbed his eyes hard. “Goddamn it, Shannon.” 

The twenty something fool lay on the ground, tossing and turning under his jacket. Shannon had fallen off the car seat he’d been sleeping in and knocked one of the tins in Tish's bag. _The bastard even groans like a wendigo._

Laurence picked up another car seat and propped it against the body of an overturned SUV. After he sat back with a grunt, his eyes steeled on the embers. Shivering in the chill, he pulled his coat closer and closed his eyes to remember his wife's face. If only for just a moment.

> “Hello?”
> 
> “Laurence. It’s me.”
> 
> “Natalia? It’s… two in the morning-”
> 
> “I know. I’m sorry. I just-”
> 
> “Why are you calling- I mean, uh, it’s real good to hear from you. I know we haven’t talked much since-”
> 
> “I’m sorry. I just… I didn’t know who else to call. Can you… can you come get me?”
> 
> “Get you? Uh, sure. Where are you?”
> 
> A loud thud from the other end of the line drowned out her voice. 
> 
> “Nat? What the hell was that?”
> 
> “I’m at the hospital. Fairview. Can you get here? Soon?”
> 
> “Jesus Christ, Natalia. Why the fuck are you there? Have you not seen the goddamn news? There's those infected people! It's not safe. This is exactly what I was talking about. You should be home right not working in some godforsaken-”
> 
> “Laurence,” she whispered. “Please, not now. Can you just come and get me. I need to get out of here.”
> 
> “Are you hurt?”
> 
> “No.” 
> 
> Another loud thud. Natalia shuddered out a breath. 
> 
> “What is that?”
> 
> “I'm fine Laurence, I'm okay. I just… this kid got scared and - it was just an accident and I’m fine. I’m not bleeding or anything. The bite’s small, really. But his mother freaked out and… it’s insane here and I need… I need you.”
> 
> “Okay, Nat.” 
> 
> “I need you to come pick me up.” 
> 
> “I’ll be there in fifteen.” 
> 
> Another thud and Natalia swore. “Please hurry.” 
> 
> The line went dead. The dial tone hummed a single note.


---

I'm sorry. I missed last weeks posting because of thanksgiving so I'm a little behind. But thank you for your patience and I hope you liked this chapter! It's a short one, so I gave it to you all in one go. 

If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions. I love interacting with readers. 


]  — [Next: Chapter 5 - Part 1 *Coming soon!*]]

Want to read from the beginning? Start with the .

---

After a few more hours they reached the Warden Street exit. The sign tilted to the side, the structure beneath held up by bent poles and a three-car pile of twisted metal. Ethan imagined it would have been a big fire, by the lines of smoke that had stained the tall sign, but no ash remained by the pileup’s base. Too much time had passed. 

Laurence's hand shot up in the air and the group slowed to a staggering stop. “We're making camp. We continue in the morning,” he ordered

Wearily everyone set about their usual tasks. Chandra organized some of the adults together to move debris in a kind of barrier from the rest of the road. There was always lots of stuff hanging around to sleep on but pulling out car seats was a favourite of some of the kids. The Young’s kids, Cally, Shane and Peter, stuck close together and laughed a little while they sifted through the wrecks. Cooper stayed pretty close to Nyssa but they didn’t talk a whole bunch. Not around the adults, anyway. 

Wendy tugged at Ethan’s arm, pulling him towards them, but he hesitated as they started a fire. Ethan looked to the roadway as dusk threatened to settle in around them. The light would travel far. The fire was a bad idea, hadn’t they figured that out from the river?

As soon as a few flickering flames took, to the small bundle of paper and dry brush was dashed to low burning embers. It settled Ethan’s nerves enough that he let Wendy lead him forward. Despite all that had happened she was greeted by a few ember lit smiles and chatter. 

“Tell them to shut up, lady,” Shannon barked to Chandra from a separate fire. 

Chandra took the comment with a frustrated nod and started to corral the kids into silence. 

“Ethan, Wendy...” their mom called and Ethan brought Wendy to her. His mother hugged them tightly but he wiggled free when Alice talked about their dad with tears in her eyes. Wendy sat with her, twisting her hair and listening like she didn’t understand. 

Ethan took a step back. His mother didn’t notice. Several more put space between them and he relished the dimming of her voice. A pang of guilt threatened to stall his retreat, but Ethan took another deep step until the ember light, and warmth, was beyond him. 

He didn’t want the tearful memories. The shaking hugs. Sure, his chest ached each time he pictured his father getting bitten. Dragged to the ground. Screaming struggling as she swung the metal and- 

He exhaled and tried to push the memory out. Squinting, frowning, trying with all his might. 

He took more steps from his mother’s weak voice and made for the larger fire. 

“Oh god, she's spewing everywhere...” Shannon barked as he stood up, silhouetted by the darkening night sky. 

Ethan inched closer to the light made. The trackers always had the better fire and kicked any the others had soon after they were made. The kids were told to leave them alone but Ethan's curiosity was strong. He wasn’t deaf, and he could have been with how damn loud Shannon was. But he’d heard them talk about her. The one on the fliers. The fugitive.

By the fire, she lay on her side with a small puddle of sick beside her. She was white, deadly pale, and Reid stood behind her. 

“It's just puke, Shannon. I mean, she hasn't eaten anything in two days. Barely had any water and she's still puking up-” Tish stopped short when the next explosion of vomit erupted. 

“It's not food.” Reid sighed. “It's... what's left in her, I guess. Not much other than water, bile, and maybe blood.” 

“Didn't need a description man,” Shannon turned his attention to a can of SPAM. “All I care is that she's alive.” 

The woman convulsed silently and another fresh batch hit the pavement. Reid held her forward and checked her wound. 

“How is she?” Laurence appeared from behind an overturned van, zipping up his jeans. 

“Not worse. Still bleeding a little, but fuck...” Reid ran a shaky hand through his hair. “She’s Level Two infected, she has to be from a bite that bad. She’s got the fever, disorientation, the vomiting, the pallid skin tone and-”

Laurence sighed. “I didn’t ask for a report, Reid.” 

“You don’t get it. The infection doesn’t work like this.” With a heavy exhale Reid stood up. “This isn’t some scratch infection that she can fight off with water and a good night's sleep. It’s a bite. From a bloodied, rotting, wendigo. That’s blood to blood, a Level Two infection. She should have died and turned in minutes. Instead, she’s just…” 

Laurence shrugged. “She’s sick, I get it. What I need to know is if she’ll make it to the college alive.”

“I don’t know.” Reid scratched the stubble on his chin. “It’s almost like she’s fighting it. Like she’s getting better. But you can’t. No one does.” Reid bent down and pulled off her bandage. “I don’t get it and I can’t guarantee you anything.” 

“You're like a broken fuckin' record man. ‘I don't get it! I don't get it!'” Shannon leaned back in a car seat he’d propped up by the fire. “What part of this _does_ make sense?” 

“You're getting on my fucking nerves, Shan.” Reid pulled a blanket up over the woman’s shoulder and dragged her away from the mess she'd thrown up. 

Shannon chuckled. “As long as she lives until that angel of a plane comes to take me away from this fuckin’ place, I do not give a fuck if you get it. Or if like me for that matter. And if she doesn't live, that's on you, right?” 

Reid stood quickly, his fists clenched. “Fuck you, Shannon.” He had bags under his eyes. Ethan tried to remember the last time he saw any of them really sleep but he couldn't.

“We get it. You're both tough.” Tish stood between them. “But can't this wait? We're all tired so just relax.” She sifted through the bag and pulled out a few tins.

Ethan’s tummy rumbled. The food the trackers carried was better; meat in a can or beans in sauce. The cold chickpeas and creamed corn waiting by the ember fire hardly seemed appetizing in comparison. 

The can of peaches his dad saved for Wendy’s birthday tumbled from Tish’s pack.

“Oh shit, gimme them peaches.” Shannon lurched forward in the car seat and nearly tumbled out of it. 

“Save them for the kids,” Laurence said.

A scoff echoed from Reid and Shannon pouted. 

“We could use the sugar,” Tish argued. “And if we’re going the safe route we have another day or two just to get _in_ the downtown limits. We don’t have enough food for everyone.” 

A heavy silence fell over the four. 

“They're not our problem.” Shannon didn’t look up from the SPAM can he’d peeled open. He sounded less dismissive than normal, his words brutal but not wrong. A bunch of kids, a couple of adults. Ethan wasn’t stupid, he knew they had nothing to offer. _Dad was the strongest of us and now look where he is._

“We’re not discussing, Shannon.” Laurence grinned. “But let's remove temptation.” He moved to the pack and picked out the tin. Tossing it into the air twice Laurence looked past the fire and directly to Ethan. 

Ethan’s gut dropped. All eyes turned and his cheeks grew hot. Between the bumpers of two cars, he thought he couldn’t be seen, but the light of the fire warmed his cheeks. Part of him wanted to run but as Laurence motioned for Ethan to stand, he did. 

“Come here.” 

Ethan obeyed and weaved towards the embers with eyes on the peaches. 

“Take this to the others.” He handed the can of peaches to Ethan. “Tell them that this, and what the have, is the last of the food for the next two, maybe three days.” 

“Thank you.” Ethan’s eyes lingered one last moment on the sick woman as she groaned in her sleep. 

The dark hadn't settled yet but the cold was coming. When he appeared the others had already started into the cold chickpeas and corn. 

“Peaches?” Chandra looked to Ethan and he brought his finger to his lips. “Where did you get these?” Her eyes darted to the glowing fire far behind. 

“They said it was the last they have to share and that we have two more days to go.” He looked to the can of peaches, reluctant to let it go. “Dad saved these for Wendy’s birthday.” The can was fat compared to the others, a “Family Size” label stretched across the front. “She’ll be eight… tomorrow, I think.” Past Chandra, Wendy sat with their mother, picking at a small pile of wet corn in her hand. 

“Ethan!” Wendy perked up and waved him over while bouncing on their mother’s lap.

“Then we’ll save them,” Chandra whispered and her hand gently squeezed his shoulder. 

He smiled at his sister but took the time to shove the fat can in his backpack, extra careful to keep it from prying eyes. 

_Make better memories._



---


Thank you for reading! If you liked this, you can follow the subreddit to keep up with the series as it comes out. As always, please feel free to leave critiques, comments, and any questions. I love interacting with readers. 


]  — ]Originally Posted October 2nd, 2019 - ]

This was a really fun colaboration project with /u/iruleatants with his character Closed Mouth Girl. We worked to create two stories. This is part one and you can  by /u/iruleatants on the Theme Thursday post

Read all the .

And all previous Cupcake Girl short stories:  ] ] ] ]

----

Cody shivered as the wind fluttered her dress. The white stockings beneath didn’t do much to keep it away, but Cody refused to wear her coat and hide her costume. 

“LIZZY!” Cody sped through the crowd towards the identical blue dress. 

Lizzy wore her coat but the moment Cody locked eyes with her, Lizzy slid from it and her mother’s grasp. 

“Elizabeth, 8:30 sharp or no trick-or-treating!” Lizzy’s mom called. 

Lizzy touched the button beret in Cody’s hair. “It’s perfect!” 

“This is gonna be awesome.” Cody gripped Lizzy’s warm hand. 

Perfectly paired from head to toe, the girls peered around the Halloween fare. It was busy, being October 30th, and the perfect place to practice their game.

“Okay.” Cody turned to Lizzy. “Where do you want to start?” *The haunted house looked kinda fun…*

“The haunted house,” Lizzy said without hesitation.

“That’s what I thought!” 

The small building had come into town on wheels. The front was built up with a collection of fake spiderwebs, crumbled Styrofoam meant to look like bricks, and spooky music trickling from loudspeakers. 

The girls lined up. 

“Look-” Cody pointed to a boy. Thomas Jenkins goofed around with friends, all four in homemade Ninja Turtle costumes.

Lizzy frowned. “I don’t know…” 

“We have to!” Cody whispered. “It’s like…”

“Fate?” Lizzy finished. 

“Yeah! It’s fate. He was a total jerk last week at lunch.” 

Their turn came and they stepped into the dark of the haunted house. Cody gripped Lizzy’s hand tight. Don’t be scared. 

Lizzy gripped her back tighter.

After a collection of figures popped from the walls, coaxing a few yelps, Lizzy tugged Cody to a corner. “Over here!” Lizzy lifted some fabric of a long witch cape for the two of them to hide under. From the quiet they watched people pass until Cody spied the telltale green construction paper shell.

“Ready?” Cody asked. 

Lizzy grinned with a quick nod.

“Mirror,” Cody started.

“Mirror,”

**“Be my mirror,”** they whispered together. **“Coconut. T.V. dinners. Mrs. Smithers smells like cabbage.”** They were in perfect sync.

“This place is lame,” Thomas said to himself as he rounded the corner. “Just a bunch of junk popping outta walls.” 

Cody and Lizzy nodded and spoke in unison from where they hid. **“Come play with us, Tommy.”** 

Thomas stopped. He spun on his heels. “That’s not funny, guys,” he hollered, but his friends weren’t behind him. 

**“It’s just us, Tommy,”** they said.

“I mean it!” Thomas yelled at the walls. “You can’t scare-”

**“We want to plaaaay. Forever.”**

Cody motioned for Lizzy to stay put as she dashed across the narrow hall.

**“And ever,”** they repeated, this time from both sides. **“And EVER!”** 

Thomas stumbled back and fell. As he paled, he scurried to his feet and ran.

Cody stepped out, laughing. “That was-”

“Great!” Lizzy finished. 

“I love playing Mirror, Mirror,” Cody whispered. They laughed, hooked arms, and skipped through the haunted house as Thomas shrieked ahead of them at every little thing that popped from the walls. 


> WC: 499Originally posted September 26th, 2019 - ]

A great prompt by /u/refurbishedpixels 

I'm thinking of maybe continuing it if I come across another fun prompt that could work. 
---

Michael wiped sweat from his forehead as he stepped through the next corridor junction. The collected wiring he lugged, four inches around, dragged like a lead. With every step, its outer layering screeched along the steel walkway. 

"You're supposed to *lift* it, Private Craine." Helena huffed from where she stood, watching. Not helping. 

"You've got hands," he snapped and her eyes rolled. With a huff, she stepped over the tube and bent with him to lift. As they struggled, sweating, swearing, they passed the still and statues that peppered the corridors. 

It had been a week since the EMP wiped out Chamberlain, the S.S. Havilland's AI. Still, the avatars of the ship's functions loomed like shadows around every turn. Too heavy to move without manned machinery. In their place, each crewman was tasked to do the most basic of functions once relegated to automation.  

Michael's just happened to be "move that shit there" duty. 

"Okay." Helena dropped her portion to the floor and wiped her own sweat away. "That should do it for now. We need to set up the alternator-"

"I'm not an engineer," Michael snapped. "Just tell me what you need me to do." 

"You put that," she waved at the end of the cord, "in there." She pointed, long narrowed fingers, at the round connection on the wall near the floor. With a flip of the flap, Michael shimmied the impossible heavy end to the connection. 

The hum of what rolled around inside had him step back a foot, and the wire dropped with a clang. 

"Be careful with that!"

"It's heavy-duty," he said, though Michael couldn't be sure. "I doubt I did any harm." 

"Fine. We need to head to Junction 12. There's three more-"

"Three more!" His pout earned him nothing but glares. "What the hell is going on with the exo-suits? We were supposed to get at least one to help with power regulation on this deck." 

"Someone else needed it more," Helena huffed as she turned to start down the corridor. 

"Come on, Anderson," Michael begged from half a step behind. "I'm not a goddamn trained monkey!" He smacked an avatar unit as he passed, his knuckles rapping on the chill metal. The vacant face made in the smooth sleek shape of a man didn't even budge. 

Helena's face broke into a small smile as she looked over her shoulder. "You sure about that, Private Caine?"

When she rounded the corner, Michael slowed to a stop. 

*Fuck my life.* He sighed. Michael glanced at yet another avatar, this one chrome-plated with its arm extended to a console as if in mid-action when the EMP hit. It was a personal attendant model, built for appearance versus function. 

*Could still carry shit better*, he thought. "I should not be doing your job." He looked up at the smooth shining face, his own reflection staring back at him. In the silence of the corridor, the hairs on his neck pricked. He drew nearer to the face, picking a spot in his teeth, but the sensation, the pricks, the nerves tickling up and down his spine made him shiver. 

"Damn empty tinner." He tossed the slur casually and backed away. But not once did he turn his back to the stony steely face. The facade frozen in chrome and function. He backed up so far, that he stumbled into another sleeping avatar. 

Like ghosts, they crowded each corridor he looked down. Michael could have sworn they'd moved. Maybe not their bodies, but the faces, it was as though each one had turned to look at him. 

"Helena!" He called down the way she'd gone and made sure to keep his steps light and quick to catch up.Originally submitted Mar 27th, 2019 - ]

----


Daryl knocked Shauna’s shoulder as they walked the poorly lit park path. “You got your ticket, sis?”

“Yeah, I got it,” Shauna sighed. 

The ticket was weird, no other word for it. She tried bending it but the card stock was tough despite the paper-thin feel of it between her fingers. Its iridescence caught the distant light from the overhead lamps and changed the whites to green, pink, and blue.  

“Don’t lose it, alright?” Daryl said for the tenth time.

“What is *The Door* anyway?” she asked. Only the name imprinted the ticket. “And why are we in the park?”

“You’ll see.” 

Despite his pulled up hoodie, Shauna spied some iridescent green liner around his eyes.
 
“Oh my god, are you wearing make-up?” Shauna laughed. 

Daryl tucked the hood closer. “Hurry up. We can’t be late.”

The trees swayed from a wind that seemed to come from all directions. It tugged Shauna and Daryl down the path, urging the back of their calves. Where the winds met a small group of teens gathered in hoodies, vibrant skirts, boas, and pearled makeup.

“What are we waiting for?” Shauna asked her brother. 

“The Door, man,” another kid answered.

The wind drew in fast, the hem of her skirt fluttering, and brought with it the smell of cotton candy. The crowd clapped and whooped. 

A crack, like thunder, made Shauna blink. The wind died and at the centre of the crowd, a doorway stood. It hadn’t been there seconds before.
 
“You’re in for the party of your life, sis.” A heavy bass beat thumped from the portal. As each teen entered their tickets misted into nothing. The neon realm seemed a mirror to the park but with hovering strobe lights pulsing.
 
“Just remember,” Daryl stepped up to enter. “Don’t tell Mom.”


> WC: 300Originally submitted Mar 26th, 2019 - ]

----

Sophia pressed her fingers to the soil, damping down the loose mounds around the roots. The leaves would recover in time, their potency assured in the richer earth of the woods. But the seclusion was necessary these days, lest some wandering youth decide the herbs were that of an ill garden.

She rubbed the moist soil off on her skirt, the linen of her apron stained and damp.

On the long trek, back through the woods past the small patches of yerba, gardenia, chickweed, horehound and so many more, Sophia hummed. Not an old ancient song but a rhyme of her youth she’d long forgotten the words to. 

The tree’s thinned and the back of her small home emerged, wide flower beds greeting her with spring buds and growth. What winter had blanketed would soon flourish and at least these could be waved away for their beauty alone. 

At the door there was a knocking, the sound muffled by the breeze. Her home was not in town or easily found off the beaten path. No one was to show that day, but Sophia pulled up the heft of her skirt and started around the home by her dirt path. 

“Miss!” The girl called as though Sophia was inside. She was a small thing, young. The sound of her knuckles made Sophia’s fingers ache. The urgency of it. The panic. 

“What brings you?” Sophia asked and the young woman near leapt from her skin. 

“Mrs. Oliver. She asked for herbs.” The girl shook in her clothes and the apron above her tattered smock spoke her status as a maid. 

Mrs. Abigail Oliver. Sophia knew her. A magistrate’s daughter married a reverend’s son. Twice now Abigail had come to Sophia. Twice now she’d needed a wee thing managed. 

Sophia knew what rest on the list before she took it from the maid. The ingredients weren’t common. The herbs potent. The promise of sickness and bleeding for a good many days but Abigail knew what the list meant. 

*She always came herself.* 

Sophia narrowed her eyes on the girl before her. She didn’t recognize her. She wasn’t a babe from a girl she’d tended to, wasn’t the kind that came to her door willingly. The paleness of her features, the worry in her eyes as they dart to an fro, sat ill from the moment Sophia stared hard. 

“Ai, I know the Missus. Though not you.” 

The girl squirmed and looked back at the path. 

*It can’t be helped.* Sophia sighed. Though she’d made up her mind before she took it, Sophia perused the list. It was not in Abigail’s delicate hand. 

“You can tell your Missus I’ve none o’ this stuff here. Only what cures a rumbling tum or what aides one sleep.” 

“But,” the girl frowned. 

Sophia handed her back the paper, folded neatly, and put her hands in her apron. There, at the bottom of the folds, her pairing knife waited. “Does your Missus say what for she needs ‘em?”

The girl looked confused before she shook her head.

“Aye, then come back when you know.” 

*It can’t be helped.* Sophia wouldn’t wish an unwanted burden on any woman. Not in these times. Not even Mrs. Abigail Oliver but the risk promised too much. 

“An’ take these with you,” Sophia bent to the last snowdrop blooms and plucked them to a bunch. “To welcome spring in the home.” They were a small solace for what would come to Abigail if she truly needed Sophia's herbs.

The girl looked to the flowers before she nervously took the bunch. Without a thank you or a glance she took off down the path. Only once she’d disappeared did Sophia enter her home and latch the door behind her. 

Within minutes she’d bundled up every spare twig, powder, vial of brew, and poultice. She tossed them into the hearth and stoked the fire. 

Now was not the time for risks.Originally submitted Mar 24th, 2019 - ]

---

*Eleven. Twelve.* 

Gabby’s fingers hooked into the grate of the main drain. Despite the bits of leaves and muck that made it slick, she’d managed to get a good hold and had no intention of letting go. 

*Nineteen. Twenty.*

The fake wave lining, trapped in an eternal ripple, stretched along all four sides of the pool. But the floor was stark white, old chipped cement that felt hard and smooth against her bare crossed legs. She flicked the lip of the ridge’s crest, a line from where the cement started to slope up to the wide shallows.  

*Thirty-two. Thirty-three.*

The little kids played there, splashing, Marco-Polo'ing. Their voices muttered and mumbled beyond, dulled by gallons upon gallons of chlorinated aqua. The currents from their romps turned the water nearest the surface but, down deep by the drain, not a one touched her. 

*Forty-six. Forty-seven.*

She opened her eyes to the familiar burn. Goggles were for the weak. Motes ambled and speckled in the sun’s twisted waves. They’d never dance on air again. Some might escape in the winter drain but the rest would remain under the giant bubble-wrap blanket until spring. Those ones, like Gabby, were meant for the depths. 

*Fifty. Fifty-one.* 

Salt, the taste like she’d licked the bottom of a chip bad, trickled in through the corners of her lips. It was the puffed cheeks, but that couldn’t be helped. Such sacrifices were expected for greatness. 

*Sixty-six. Sixty-seven.*

The burn traversed from the corner of her eyes and settled in her chest. She hooked her fingers tighter. This place was hers, only hers. The burn of her lungs wouldn’t change that. 

*Seventy-three. Seventy-four.*

Gabby unfolded her legs and pressed them flat to the floor. How many toes had touched this spot? How many fingers knew the grate? Her muscles tensed, her body crouched, prepared and anticipating the push. 

*Eighty-Seven. Eighty-eight.*

Her breath punched past her lips. Her fingers relaxed. She said goodbye to the grate as her heels hammered down. Like a rocket she shot up, eyes turned to the brightening sun. The motes parted for her ascension.

*Ninety!*

She crested the water, her shoulders erupting past the waves. Assaulted with sound outside and within, her gasps thundered between her ears.

“Eighty-three seconds”, her cousin Jules said from the lounger by the pool’s edge. 

“No way,” Gabby frowned. “Ninety. At least.” 

“I was counting. It was eighty-three.” Jules lifted her sunglasses above her forming bikini burn.
Gabby rolled her eyes and swarm to the side. Her arm hooked over the edge where the hot pavement stung and the wind brought with it the scent of cheap coconut suntan lotion. 

“Such a liar,” Gabby tossed at her cousin.

Jules sighed. “Whatever. Get someone else to time you.” She pulled her glasses back down. 

*At least ninety.* Gabby heaved her breaths in and prepared for her next descent. 

> WC: 493Originally submitted Mar 18th, 2019 - ] ]

---

 “I don't get it, Stel,” Aaron rubbed the bridge of his nose and dropped the photo to the desk. The same desk in the photo, the same wood grain, rich and brown. “Why wouldn't he just keep the photo? Who takes a picture of a picture?”

His wife, Stella, sighed from the closet as she pulled the clothing off the cheap wire hangers. “Who knows, babe. He always kept things to himself.”

“It's weird, right?” He looked at Stella and watched her shoulders sag. They were tired, the 120km drive still weighed on them all, even Will. Their son groaned a yawn, barely audible, as he looked through his grandfather's desk. Like everything else, it was clean, clear, immaculate. *Sparse, more like.*

“It's a little strange, but Albert, your father didn't let people in much.”

“I know,” Aaron sighed and put the photo down. He packed up the photo of a photo into a folder with all his father's papers. Everything that comprised the sullen quiet man.

It wasn't very thick.

“Sorry about Al,” the landlord, Jake as Aaron remembered him saying, stood by the front door waiting. A cigarette dangled from his lips, fat and dark, its butt stinging with red as he sucked in for a draw. “He was a swell fella, real handy in a pinch.”

“Yeah,” Aaron forced a smile. He didn't know what Jake meant about *Al.* “Thanks. Someone will be by tomorrow for the furniture.” With Stella and Will in tow, they dragged the few belongings of his father's down the three flights of stairs. At sixty-seven, Albert should have been somewhere with an elevator, somewhere comfortable, instead of the dive building with creaky railings, and yellow cigarette stained no-smoking signs.

*He should have been with family.*

“What happened to Grandpa?” Will asked at the curb as they shoved the ill-shaped and weathered boxes in the trunk.

“Your grandfather was sick, hunny.” Stella smiled at her son and bent before Will. “Remember when Nana Shirley passed?”

Will nodded.

“It was kind of the same. But instead of his lungs, it was his heart.”

Will touched his chest and frowned.

Aaron sucked in a breath. He didn't like lying to Will, but they'd decided it was for the best. At least until they knew for sure. At least until the investigation was over.

With a slam of the trunk, they jumped in the car and started for the motel.

After an hour Stella and Will were talking about dinner. Though he knew he should eat Aaron had no appetite. They put on their coats, shoes, and Stella grabbed her purse. When Aaron didn't move she simply smiled and led Will to the door.

“I'll bring you something,” she said and closed the door behind her.

Aaron pulled the curtain shut and considered closing his eyes, but he couldn't shake the feeling off. He fished out the photo and placed it on the motel desk. He was six when the photo was taken. One of those shitty school setups with flimsy backgrounds and big lights, children lined up behind trying to make funny faces. He hated picture day, but this one always stood out.

Albert left a few months after. Not a word. Not an explanation. His mother cried but only for a while. Not as long as he thought she would. Not as long as he did.

*Why's it all creased like that? Scratches maybe?* For months the photo hung on the wall of his childhood home but then one day it didn't. Gone. Just like Albert.

He turned the photo over hoping for some sort of explanation but it remained blank, save for the decades-old sticky residue of tape.

Aaron opened the mini-fridge and pulled out a small bottle of whiskey, the travel kind with the flimsy top. No ice, he thought, and put the bottle down and made his way to the ice machine.

*Such a waste.* Aaron hammered the ice bucket into the machine's bin, the crunch of the ice rumbling with the machine dull hum. *Lived like that. Live lean. Lived... alone.*

With the bucket full he started back to the room but at the door, he stopped. Light pooled out from inside, the door ajar.

“Stel?” Aaron stepped inside but the room was empty. He frowned, making his way first to the bathroom but it too was void even after he turned on the light. He tossed the bucket to the desk and frowned.

*I closed the door?*

He shook his head. *Clearly didn't.*

Aaron shut the door, turned the lock. The brief gust of air fluttered the curtains.

Returning to the desk to grab the bucket he stopped and looked down. The folder was open and the photo of himself as a child was gone.

“What the...” He flipped through the folder until he reached beneath.

A picture slipped out. Polaroid. Fresh. A picture of a picture. Will's face from his picture day, not four months before gleamed back, a toothy grin, parted hair. The tie Stella had insisted he wear to look like a proper little boy.

“The hell-” the desk was his fathers. The same rich wood. The same grain.

He picked up the photo and turned it over. A note, taped with a sticky adhesive blazed in thick striking letters.

***Do what we say or the boy dies.***Originally submitted Mar 20th, 2019 - ]

----

The brisk breeze pulled the curls from her shoulders and the scent of her honeyed shampoo blocked the true smell of the lake. Still, she conjured it from memory; distant algae, pollen, sticky sap made fresh in the humidity. With eyes closed, she could see the glass like top of the silent lake was crystal, like it remembered it could become ice and played at being frozen to spite the breeze's intent.

Marcela exhaled. *“Map it in your mind. Come back to this place, to the calm.”*

Each time the world threatened to weigh her shoulders Marcela remembered the lake. Like magic she summoned it to drown the sights and sounds that would steal her composure. What were men and monsters to the unending calm of this still place?

*“Return to it, Marcela.”*

She opened her eyes, tears welling. The dock boards creaked beneath her where lapping currents once caressed. Cracks rippled and split what were bloated beams. Now they ached and called out in loss.

The bare floor of the lake undulated, the last wet breaths of the calm eking out.

“We'll have to sell,” Marcela's father sighed behind her as his steps neared. “Don't know who'll buy the place without the lake.”

*“Map it in your mind.”*

The sound of bough's bending, the soft dapple of water on pebbles, the croak of a frog, the turn of a page as her mother read, each one felt distant. Too distant to conjure. The wind roared a lament and abandoned roots reached and creaked for the soil that followed the lake to its end. Trees leaned and the warm barrier from the monsters and men bowed in defeat.

Marcela wiped the wet from her eyes and gifted her tears to the parched lake bed.

“How it goes, I guess.” Her father put a hand to her back. “But we have the memories.”

She turned to his sad smile and felt herself nod. But the familiar tremble, the stalled breath, the constricting vice that gripped her throat grew as a beast. It hungered for calm. It devoured serenity. The monster waiting inside.

“Shh, it's alright now.” Her father took her shaking hand as the panic attack swarmed. “It's still here, Marcela.” His finger touched her forehead and she closed her eyes.

They stood on the dock, all three. Her mother left. Her father right. Their fingers entwined with her own. Their breaths pulled in, the wind filling their lungs, and the lake stood still for her mother's words.

*“And relax. See? Not so bad. The monsters come and go, Marcela. They're there but you can fight them at home like you can here. This place is special. Map it in your mind. Come back to this place, to the calm. You can always return to it, Marcela, if you map it in your mind.”*Originally submitted Mar 18th, 2019 - ]

---

*Breathe.*

*I'm alive? That's not right.* The fog stood stagnant. The scent of death lingered.

*But I'm not dead, am I?*

She pressed her fingers into the soil. Thin damp tendrils slithered around her chill digits. Gentle and kind, they guided her to her knees. Where they came from, she couldn't know, didn't want to.

On her knees the air thinned and revealed the winding path.

The grounds long fingers pushed her on until their kind grasp waned. To the soil they returned, silent and still, waiting for another lost soul.

Her first uneasy steps crunched like stale popcorn beneath her bare and aching feet.

*Walk the path, follow the light, keep moving, don't stop, oh god, just don't stop.* She repeated the words in her mind hoping to find some calm to steady her nerves. But her fingers shook, from chill or fear, and the path seemed to shadow before her eyes.

Beneath her feet, beneath the popcorn mulch and the pop pop pop, the tendrils rumbled as they followed.

She sucked in a breath with what she had thought were dead lungs, but they burned with furious life. Her back righted, her feet stomped and pushed her pace despite the thunder that whispered beneath the damp chill soil.

*Breathe.*

*I'm alive.*

(Took liberty or two with the last two lines, but I like the end in the beginning WC: 213, very short for fiction)Originally submitted Mar 10th, 2019 - ]

----

"Has he figured it out yet?" Stacey wiped the blood from the thin line across her neck as the flesh stitched together.

Brad huffed. "No."

"The fuck is taking so goddamn long?" Ellen helped her thigh in place, braced against the door to the cabin. The blood around her had thickened to a deep dark brown as the sinew of muscle slithered out to pull the severed limb nearer.

"He's one of those back wood's yokel types." Brad shook out his shirt, drops of the dark brown blood clumping on the floor with the buckshot. "Horror movie stand-ins."

"Motherfucker probably doesn't know how to read," Ellen said.

"Come on, that's not fair." Stacey put her hands on her hips and glared down the other two. Her skin stuck to the hip of her pants, sticky mess layering her fingers. "He's trying his best."

"Is Will back yet?" Ellen asked.

Brad shook his head. "Still outside. Don't think he got him-" The quick shot interrupted Brad and followed with a throaty terrible scream.

"I don't see why he shoots your two fucks," Ellen grumbled. "Why do they always like to cut up girls?"

Stacey smiled and shook her shoulders. "We're clearly cuter, deserving of more attention."

"You scream more," Brad said without turning from the window.

"I most certainly do NOT scream more than Will. Listen to him," Ellen waved at the door as her leg finished reattaching. With a weak hobble, refusing Stacey's offered hand, she stood.

Outside Will cried and moaned, pleading, begging, bargaining for his unending life.

"That is overboard."

"He's selling it," Brad smirked.

Stacey nodded. "Will's always wanted to be an actor."

"He's killed Will twice now. Twice." Ellen joined Brad at the window and looked out onto the misty night. Between the trees, a dim light blared casting shadows of the two figures in the far distance.

"Maybe that's why it's taking so long?" Stacey joined them, her hips wiggling between Brad and Ellen. "Think he's looking harder?"

"Take your top off and he might," Brad leered at Stacey's loose fitted top as it gaped to show her bra.

"No. Not again. Last time that hook freak tried to bite them. It may not last long but it hurts and that's an image I just never want to see again. " Stacey shuddered. "His teeth were sooo yellow."

"How about you, Brad?" Ellen smacked his shoulder. Another round of bloody buckshot rolled from his shirt. "It's current year. You could be his type. Take your shirt off and have a go at the old man?" Before he could answer the back door slammed open and Will lumbered toward the three.

His shirt dripped with fresh red blood. The side of his face was mangled and the lower half of his jaw sat slack. Despite the wound the wide grin, lopsided and dripping, reached nearly to his ear.

"He sot 'e in eh ace!"

The three "teens" stifled their laughs as Will joined them at the window.

"Whose turn now?" Stacey asked.

"Brad."

"'Ads."

"Oh yeah, definitely Brad."

Brad sighed and rolled his eyes. He moved to take off his bloody shirt but Ellen shook her head and stopped him. "Leave it on. Give the poor sap a chance to recognize you."

"If he shoots me in the fucking face..."

"I'll walk out topless if he does," Stacey countered.

Brad nodded as he chuckled and opened the front door. He took in a deep breath and started to jog into the dark forest. "Will?" he called out. "Will? Where are you? This isn't funny, man!"

"50 bucks says he shoots him." Ellen riffled through her pocket and pulled out the stained bills.

"' 'eal." Will pulled out his wallet with his mangled fingers as his jaw clicked back into place. "Double if he's decapitated?"

"You're on, smiley."

"I missed our vacations." Stacey took their cash, tucked it into her blood stained top, and all three leaned into the window as the sound of a chainsaw rumbled from the hazed forest.Originally submitted Feb 26th, 2019 - ]

-----

“I didn’t mean to.”

“I know, son. I know.”

“Things just got out of hand. One minute you think you’ve got a plan, that’ll it all work out. And I’d tried so hard.”

“You did the best you could.”

“Did I? Did I really? Is this the best I could do? This fuck of a mess?”

“I’m sure it’s not so bad-”

“It is. Look at-” His hands shook before him. “Fucking look at me!”

“Shh, it’s alright. It’s okay.”

“No, it’s not fucking okay. It’s all gone to shit. All of it.”

“I know, I know.”

“You don’t fucking know. You have no goddamn idea what’s going. You’re just sitting there, like all of them, just fucking sitting there judging me.”

The sirens called from the distance, lights still masked by the low tree boughs.

“Just staring at me… just… wouldn’t stop. They wouldn’t stop staring.”

She tried to stand but his eyes turned up from the red fingers. Panic lit him like wildfire. Furious and untamed. She set herself back down, nice and slow and his eyes turned back to the stains.

“I didn’t mean to.”

“I know.” She breathed in slow, or tried to, but the breath shuddered in her chest.

“But they wouldn’t stop staring. That look, that… fucking…” He turned to her, that wildfire stare. “You know?”

“Yes, son. Of course I do.”

The sirens drew nearer. Not near enough.

“I’m sure whatever has happened, it’ll be alright.”

His head shook back and forth, a sneer hardening. “It’s all shit. All of it.”

“What’s your name, son?”

He frowned.

“I’m Delores.”

He shook his head.

“Please,” her lips trembled, and her aged hands quaked. “I… My name’s Delores.”

“It’s all shit.” His breaths grew quick, the air sucked in through his nose. “Can’t fix it. Can’t fucking fix it. Not now.”

He shoved a hand in his pocket, red caked around its hem. The knife, small but fat, glinted in the tree’s parting.

“Please,” she dared again. His wet hand gripped hers, young fingers tight around her wrinkled skin.

The sirens drew nearer. Flashes of red and blue lit the steel. She couldn’t take her eyes from the blade, wouldn’t dare.

“It’s all gone wrong.”

“Son,” she swallowed “you don’t have to-”

His grip tightened her into silence.

“Son, I’m going to need you to put the weapon down.”

She couldn’t see who spoke, not with eyes on the knife.

“Stop… Just stop calling me…” His fingers quaked around hers.

“It’ll be alright. Do as the man says, son. Please.”

He shook his head, frustrated tears trickling from the wildfire stare. “Stop… calling me that.”

“I said put the knife down.” The plainclothes officer held his gun steady with the young man’s chest as he circled around the bench. “Nice and slow, son. No one has to get hurt.”

“Stop calling me that!”

She took a breath. The moment stilled. The young man stood, blade extended. A step. Just one.

She blinked.

The force of the gunshot rocketed the young man back into the bench beside her. His hand still held her tight.

A groan left the young man as he squirmed beside her. Wildfire eyes screamed the sirens from her ears.

“Mam, please step away,” the officer told her as he kicked the knife from the bench.

“Shh,” she gripped the young man’s hand as the wildfire dimmed. Together they trembled. “It’s going to be alright.”