That2009WeirdEmoKid
The lighter blew up in my hand.

A deafening explosion consumed the entire floor.

The force pushed me away. My hand was instantly burnt to a crisp. I flew through the hallway and lost all sense of direction. 

Emily embraced me, shielding me from the fire and screaming in agony. The roof caved in. Emily carried me, artfully dodging everything in her way. I could feel her grip on me weakening every nanosecond. She was losing strength. 

Emily spinned over a chunk of cement, ran on the wall, and jumped through a window. We fell from the fifth floor and crashed on the pavement. Emily took the brunt of the impact, landing before I did. 

I was winded, but safe.   

I then sat upright, grunting. My hand ached with a rhythmic throb. A large pillar of smoke rose from the flames as brick, glass, and metal rained all around us. The upper half of the building was completely destroyed. Emily stood in front of me, scowling and twitching her nose while muttering:

“I hate you.”

I nodded. “Likewise.”

Emily placed her hand on my skull. “This is better than dying again, I suppose.” Her hand glowed bright with a golden hue. “I’ll be back.” A searing pain grew in my head. “I will never leave you.” The pain vanished. “I’ll make you pay for ruining this opportunity. Eventually.”

I frowned. “What did you just do?”

“I inserted myself back into your brain. I won’t last much longer, so I used the last of my energy to anchor myself to you.” She started to dissolve into tiny orbs of light, each getting successively smaller. “I won’t be as strong as I’ve been lately. I don’t think I’ll even be able to speak or make you hallucinate me. I’ll just be a sub-conscious papercut whispering in your ear. So quiet you won’t even know I’m there.”

I scoffed. “That’s what you’ve always been. Even before the hypnosis. I just didn’t realize it until now.”

“Sooner or later, you’ll see I was right.” Emily was almost invisible, a mere echo in the wind. “You’ll have to kill again. And when you do, I’ll be waiting, just to say I told you so.”

I smiled and said:

“I’ll prove you wrong.”

Emily evaporated into shimmering dust and floated away into the night sky.

I stood up, gritting my teeth. I was a wreck. I couldn’t move a single muscle without some part of my body punishing me for it. I limped through the sidewalk, circling the department. Why did I have to land on the back of the building? It was going to take a while before I reached the front of the department. Jessica’s phone rang. A text message from Lain. It said:

*“Not for everyone involved. Specially if you keep asking questions like this one.”*

Makes sense. The author’s probably mad over that last stunt. I inspected the building, feeling a pang of regret. It only just dawned on me the damage I caused. Most of the cherubs had fallen off the ledge, but one still stood in place, pointing at the sky. I wondered who would take the blame for this. It wouldn’t surprise me if it ended up being me.  

I shook my head and stuffed the cellphone into my pocket. It’s better not to think about that right now. At least I’ll get a vacation while they work on repairs. 

-------------
-------------

A mob had gathered in front of the biology department.

I narrowed my eyes. 

The athletes. I sighed. For a second I thought they were Tiffany’s supporters. I started walking towards them until I heard a loud wail. They were all stoic and somber. I limped faster. What happened? Why was everyone sad?

Lucas paced around the outer perimeter of the crowd. He looked pained, staring at the ground with a frown. I approached him. He had his back turned towards me, so I tapped his shoulder and said:

“Hey Lucas, what’s going on? Did someone get hurt?” I swallowed. “Did someone die…?”

Lucas nodded weakly, forcing himself to say:

“Y-yeah…” 

Lucas looked at me. He blinked a few times. He then gaped his mouth into an open smile and shouted:

“EVERYONE!” He ran into the crowd, pointing at me. “EVERYONE, HE’S ALIVE!”

The entire crowd looked at me, stunned. Silent for a few seconds before erupting into cheers of joy. Jessica plowed through the barrier of people and threw herself at me, hugging me as tight as she could. I fell on the floor with her on top of me, wishing I was dead. The pain was excruciating. 

Jessica buried her face on my chest, tearful as she said:

“You fucking asshole!” She kept smacking her forehead on me. “I thought you died back there!” She pulled away, wiping her tears and smiling. “You can’t just do that! I thought you sacrificed yourself! I thought you lied to me so I wouldn’t stop you from doing it!”

I chuckled. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry! But could you please get off me? My body would appreciate it.”

Jessica blushed. “Oh. Sorry about that.”

The department’s doors slammed open. Claire walked out covered in ash, shouting:

“WILFERY!” She brandished her knife. “I don’t give a shit about the election anymore! I’m killing you two right here and now, and I’ll gut anyone that stands in my way!”

Everyone tensed up.

“Fuck,” I said, “I almost killed her with the explosion. I kinda feel bad we forgot about her.”

“R-right” said Jessica. “Forgot…”

Claire started walking towards us. 

Lucas ran in front of her, widening his arms. 

A shiver ran down my spine. The last text message. Not for everyone involved.

“Move!” said Claire.

“No!” said Lucas.

Claire swung her knife.

Lucas closed his eyes.

I tried to stand up, but couldn’t.

Jessica jumped to her feet and lunged at Claire. She wasn’t fast enough.

Tiffany then shouted:

“That’s enough!”

Claire stopped the knife. “Boss?”

Tiffany walked towards them, straining herself with every step. She was just as injured as me. Tiffany then shook her head and said:

“We’ve already lost. Don’t embarrass me any further.”

“B-but...”

“Are you questioning me?”

“No. Never.”

“That’s what I thought.” Tiffany looked at Lucas. “I’m dropping from the race. I trust you can take care of that for me?”

Lucas nodded.

“Good” said Tiffany. “Thank you.”

Tiffany shuffled away in pain. Claire ran after her and tried to help, but Tiffany pushed her away. The esper then walked off into the night, alone.

-----------
-----------

I sat with Jessica near her desk early in the afternoon. We were in the newspaper’s club room. Jessica bit her thumb every so often and couldn’t stop her leg from shaking, waiting for the results of the election. 

Everything went as scheduled that morning. Lucas didn’t cancel the election since, all things considered, only a small portion of the student body was affected by the previous night’s events. A lot of property damage, but nothing that couldn’t be cleaned up in a week or so. Except for the biology department, that is. 

The football team ended up relatively unharmed thanks to their gear. The soccer team didn’t suffer many injuries either. Elliot had received a few hits, but overall, he was alright. 

I was the person most wounded by the time it was all said and done. I had a butterfly stitch on my left cheek, sutures on my bicep and a sling for that arm, plus my burnt hand was bandaged tight. I was told I had some nerve damage. The hand would still work properly, just not as well as it used to. 

The room was electrified with excitement. All the journalists paced around, shouting and cross-referencing sources. It was chaos, but there was a underlying method to it if you payed enough attention.
 
A guy wearing a baseball cap ran into the room and shouted:

“Wilfery is leading by three percent!”

“How long till he has a majority?” said Jessica.

“They’ve barely counted over the fifty percent mark, so soon, but not yet.”

Jessica sighed. “Then go! Stop wasting time here!”

“But you told me to update you...”

Jessica stood up and pointed at him. “Don’t sass me, boy! I swear to Haruhi, if the next time you walk into this room you don’t have the results, I’ll slap you across the face with a large trout!”

“B-but where would you get it?”

Jessica arched an eyebrow.

The guy ran away.

I shook my head. She’d been bullying the poor man since the polls closed. Everyone treated it as normal, so this was probably her usual behavior. 

Suzan walked into the middle of the room and gathered everyone’s attention before saying:

“If we could just settle down for a moment.” The journalists went quiet. Suzan cleared her throat. “Thank you. So, as most of you know, this is probably my last day at The Post. I uhh…” Her voice faltered with a trace of sadness, but she recovered quickly. “It’s been a long ride, hasn’t it?” 

Someone then shouted:

“You’re the best chief in the paper’s history!”

People clapped and howled in agreement.

Suzan looked away with a wistful smile. She then chuckled and said:

“That’s not much of an accomplishment. We’re just a tiny school paper. I’m just glad I could see all of you grow. You’re a troublesome lot, you know. Some more than others…” She shot a glance at Jessica. “But…” She rubbed her eye. “But… I can’t even begin to describe how grateful I am. For sticking with me. For doing the best job you could. We’re not perfect here, but we don’t need to be. I… I know I was a hardass at times…”

“You had to be” said Jessica. “We wouldn’t have done our jobs if you hadn’t.”

“Yeah!” said someone else.

“Right, but still…” Suzan started to choke up. “These were the best years of my life!” Tears streamed down her cheek. “I wouldn’t be the person I am if I hadn’t met any of you! My biggest fear is that you’ll never realize how much I cared about you guys! It’s… it’s not fair! I don’t want to go!”

The journalists welled up, each holding back as much as they could for they feared  they wouldn’t stop crying once they started. Suzan waited for a while, sniffling before regaining her composure. She then said:

“But this isn’t a goodbye.” She smiled through her pain. “As cliche as it sounds, it’s just a see ya later. I’ll be keeping an eye on you guys. And I’m leaving you in good hands.” She waved at Jessica. “Get over here!”

Jessica hunched forward, freezing up when the group of journalists looked at her. She then slowly walked next to Suzan, avoiding eye contact with everyone. Suzan put her arm over Jessica’s shoulder and said:

“Please welcome your new editor in chief! Jessica Illus!”

They all started clapping and cheering for Jessica. 

Jessica made herself even smaller. 

Suzan then said:

“You don’t have to be so shy. This is your team now!”

Jessica nodded at Suzan, bowed towards the crowd, and said:

“I’m honored to be working with you guys. Let’s make sure to do our best and make Suzan proud!”

I rolled my eyes. “This isn’t Japan, Jessica. You don’t have to bow!”

“Fuck off Emmett!”

Everyone in the room laughed. 

After the congratulating Jessica, most of the journalists returned to their work. I leaned back in a corner, watching over them. It was fascinating, in a way. They resumed their jobs without missing a beat, energized. Jessica was still surrounded by people shaking her hand and laughing. I’d never seen her so awkward. From what I heard, most of the journalists thought she was being humble or graceful, but I knew better. 

Jessica was just not used to being appreciated by others. The things she does aren’t usually celebrated. Blackmail, arson, browbeating. I doubt most of them knew what she was capable of, but I don’t think they would care, either. They could see Jessica’s best qualities, the ones she was most blind to, her insatiable hunger for truth and a deep craving for authenticity in people. 

The guy in the baseball cap burst into the room and shouted:

“W-we have the results! They haven’t finished counting, but there’s already a winner!”

The room went quiet, staring at him.

“Well?” said Jessica. “Who won?”

“The new president is Shawn Greenfield!”

-------------
-------------

I was in the conference room, alone. I needed some peace and quiet. The minute the results were known, the reporters threw a fit in outrage. Apparently, most of them wanted me to win. I had their votes because of Suzan’s endorsement, but they were genuinely let down. I felt flattered. Still, I couldn’t process what happened. 

I slammed my fist on the table. I didn’t realize how much I wanted this victory up until the moment I lost. 

I was supposed to win. The numbers were on my side. Lain quickly cleared up what happened, though. When I left the gaming club, Aaron took advantage of my absence to make a deal with Shawn, offering his votes in exchange for a place to stay. In the end, I lost because I didn’t listen to Shawn.

I sighed. I was a fool. I only asked Lain if Aaron was lying, which he wasn’t. I should’ve been more thorough. Aaron only opened the room for us because he wanted to approach Shawn. That skinny little shit outsmarted me.

I rested my forehead on the desk. I needed to feel better about myself, so I just kept asking Lain questions. Turns out I still made the right choice, even if it ended with me losing. Tiffany’s followers wouldn’t have stopped if I hadn’t confronted her. They were hypnotized into fighting for as long as they could. 

Emily had forced Tiffany to lift her spell while they were brawling. Not out of altruism or kindness, but because Emily wanted to mess with Tiffany. It happened right when my paralysis was lifted. Emily forced her to drop the spell in exchange for her life, and then proceeded to pummel her anyways. 

I chuckled. At least I found some humor in that, however messed up it actually was.

I leaned back on my chair. I was mostly worried about the audience not wanting to keep reading about someone who couldn’t win an election, but the more I thought about it, the less scared I felt. Everyone probably expected me to win, just like me, so it must’ve surprised people when I lost. In a way, the story would be more interesting because of it. It’s why Empire Strikes Back is the most beloved of the Star Wars trilogy. It’s when the characters were defeated the most.

The Kaiser blog was still growing. After what Jessica and I did last night, my readership grew twenty times in size. People couldn’t get enough Kaiser content. I was still on my way to world domination. My influence had just grown immensely. And no one other than Jessica knew who I was yet. A victory in and of itself. 

I stood up, smiling. This was a blessing in disguise. I was just salty that I lost. I didn’t even want the presidency to begin with. It would’ve just been a distraction from my plans. Also, the university was a mess right now. Specially my department. I didn’t envy Shawn at all. He had a lot of work ahead of him, re-building the university and dealing with the aftermath of this election. I bet he won’t even have time to work on his YouTube channel anymore. 

Maybe I was rationalizing my loss. Still, for a brief moment, I was satisfied with myself. Proud. Not many people could do what I just did. Sure, I couldn’t brag about it, or tell anyone the extent of the insanity, but in a way, the fact that I accomplished it was its own reward.

I heard a ruckus outside, a loud conversation I couldn’t interpret through the wall. I looked at the door. Someone knocked and opened it. Shawn. I hadn’t seen him since I left the gaming club. He was using crutches and had a cast on his leg. Shawn smiled and said:

“There you are! I’ve been looking for you everywhere! You know, it’s common courtesy for the losing candidate to deliver a concession speech.”

“Eh?”

“I’ve been waiting for yours. Go ahead, you have my attention.”

I rolled my eyes. “You’re a douchebag.”

Shawn chuckled. “I’m joking. I just came to talk.”

I leaned sideways, looking behind Shawn. The journalists were all observing us, bringing out notepads and preparing their recorders. I nodded at Shawn and said:

“Sure… just come inside. I’d rather do it in private.”

“Oh, right.”

The journalists moaned in disappointment. Shawn entered the conference room and closed the door. He then said:

“I saw everything, you know. I was still watching through the cameras.”

I tensed up. “Y-you did?”

“So the building blew up, huh?”

“Ah, that.” A wave of relief crashed over me. I thought he was talking about Emily. “Well, you know, I don’t even know how I survived. It’s all a blur to me.”

“Yeah,” Shawn nodded, “it’s a miracle you’re even alive. Was it gas leak or something?”

“Don’t know; don’t care. Honestly, I’m just glad it’s all over.”

“Same. This was exhausting.”

“Tell me about it. You should rest up as much as you can, though. You have a lot of work ahead of you.”

“Right, about that…”

I frowned. “No.”

Shawn widened his eyes. “W-what do you mean?”

“This is the most predictable, bland, not to mention cheesy, thing you could do. I won’t accept it.”

“You haven’t even heard me!”

“I’m not an idiot. I saw it coming a mile away.”

“Oh come on…”

“I’m not doing it. End of discussion.”

“Emmett, I saw how everyone cheered for you when you made it out alive. They want you to be president; not me. I was just… a clown.”

“I don’t want your pity and I don’t take sloppy seconds.”

Shawn pursed his lips. “Dude, please. This election has skyrocketed my popularity! I even reached a million subscribers this morning! I’m not just gonna abandon my channel. You’re a million times more prepared for this than me. Come on. Don’t do me like this.”

“Hey, you’re the one that wanted to run. This is *your* responsibility now.”

“You’re the one that wrecked the school! Why do I have to clean up your mess?”

“Because it’s your damn job!”

“That’s why I don’t want it!”

“Screw you Shawn, you don’t get to have your cake and eat it too. You’ve already won, so deal with it.”

“No!”

“I don’t even think the rules allow it. It’s too late now.”

“Then let’s find out!” 

Shawn slammed the door open and shouted into the newsroom:

“I hereby resign as president!”

“Nani?” said Jessica.

“What?!?” shouted the rest of the room. 

They flooded Shawn with questions like ravenous animals ready to dine. Jessica whistled loudly and said:

“Everyone just shut up!”

The journalists went silent. Jessica then sat on top of a desk and said:

“You can’t. At least, not by shouting it into a room full of journalists. And even then, you’re technically not president yet. They’re still counting votes. Are you sure about this?”

“Yes.”

“Why?”

“Because Emmett was the best candidate. I only won because I’m popular.”

Jessica shrugged. “No argument there.” 

I stepped out of the conference room. “Shawn, just embrace the responsibility. This could be a learning experience for you.”

“No, I won’t accept this. I can still drop from the race, right?” 

“Yup” said Jessica. “You’ll have to find Lucas, though. He’s the one in charge of that.”

“Fine, I guess I’ll be on my way.”

“Wait!” I said. “If you drop from the race, I’ll resign immediately. I’m not gonna have it handed to me. I don’t care if the university goes without a president.”

Jessica sighed. “The electoral student code says that resigning as president leads to automatic expulsion.”

I looked at Jessica. “How do you know all this?”

“I’ve studied the damn thing since I started covering the election. It was even in the paperwork you signed.”

“Oh…” said Shawn.

“I uh…” I glanced away. “I wasn’t aware of that.”

Jessica rolled her eyes. “Really? Did neither of you read it?”

“Not really…” said Shawn.

“You kinda filed that on my behalf, remember?”

Jessica facepalmed. “You two are idiots.”

Shawn limped forward. “So what you’re saying is… whoever reaches Lucas first gets to drop from the race?”

“Pretty much” said Jessica.

I bolted for the exit. 

I wasn’t going to let Shawn do this to me. I was almost free from this damn election. Normally, Shawn would beat me in a foot race. Thanks to his injured leg though, there wasn’t anyway he could reach Lucas before me. The plot was on my side!

Just as I reached the door, I heard Jessica shout:

“Grab him! Don’t let him get away!”

Three journalists tackled me to the floor. 

I yelped. The pain dizzied me. I then shouted:

“What the hell Jessica?!?”

“Sorry Emmett, but Shawn’s right. You’re the best candidate. Everyone in this room agrees. You’re being president whether you want to or not!”

I struggled back and forth, but I couldn’t break away.

“No, goddammit, no!”

Shawn caught up, limping by me. He then said:

“Be careful fellas, Emmett tends to bite people when he’s desperate.”

“I’ll do worse than bite if you don’t let me-”

They shoved a notepad into my mouth.

Shawn left the room laughing at my muffled screams. 

-----------
-----------

A few hours later, I was officially president. 

I left the newsroom without saying a word, sneaking off when the journalists were distracted. I didn’t want to deal with their questions. And I was mad at them. I needed some time to vent and mull over what happened. 

Since I was in the student center, I decided to visit the clock tower's balcony. I’d always wanted to see the view from there, and I was a bit disappointed I didn’t get to do it last night. This time, I brought a janitor with me. He opened the gate, smiled, and left after I thanked him. 

A refreshing gust of wind raced by me. The temperature was warm, yet comfortable. Birds flew around the tower, chirping a melodic song. A nest was perched in a corner of the balcony, with five eggs tucked neatly inside. I walked up to the edge of the balcony, leaning forward on the waist-high wall and resting my bandaged hand on the railing. 

It was amazing. The sunset colored the sky orange, red, purple, and blue. Not only could I see the entire campus, but the rest of the city as well. Four hills covered with electrical wires, houses, apartment complexes, and small businesses. These hills surrounded a wide valley where the downtown and mall were. In this depression, an uneven skyline of tall buildings, old and new, slick glass and weathered cement, opened up towards the sea, quickly filling up with cars on its tangled web of roads. 

The crest-shaped bay glimmered pink and got progressively darker the deeper it went into the horizon, reflecting the sunset while different ships entered and left the docks. Further down the shoreline I could see the beach, empty at the moment since we were still near the end of April. It would fill up once school semesters were over, though.

I smiled. There was something peculiar about this view that I couldn’t describe. An aliveness that emanated from the city and put me at ease. Like, after living here for ten years, I was seeing Xeistoria for the first time. I could stay here forever, in this very moment. I chuckled. I hated this city, but at the same time, I wouldn’t change anything about it. 

I heard some light steps coming from the stairs. I sighed. I had a gut feeling it was Jessica, and she confirmed it when she stepped into the balcony, approaching me with sheepish hesitance.

“Still mad?” she said.

“I… Kinda? Not really. I feel like I should be mad, but there’s nothing I can do about it anymore.” I slumped. “I guess I’m president now. Congrats.”

Jessica giggled. “I should be the one congratulating you.”

I frowned. “But I didn’t win! I literally lost and still got handed this mess to fix. Gah!” I turned around, focusing on the cityscape. “It’s like this universe is an elaborate joke and I’m the punchline.”

Jessica walked up on my right, leaning over the railing. “It’s beautiful up here.”

“Yeah…”

“Emmett… you won this election.”

“Really? I didn’t notice.” 

Jessica raised a hand. “Wait. I have a point to make.”

“Then make it.”

“You earned this. You beat Tiffany, and Shawn, by just being yourself. Shawn felt compelled to surrender because you made him feel inadequate for the job. Sure, he was avoiding responsibility, but a person as competitive as him wouldn’t just give up for your sake or because he didn’t think he could handle it. He’s too proud for that.”

“I guess my ego isn’t satisfied. I’m too insecure to be happy with anything other than a complete victory.”

Jessica shook her head and said:

“I disagree. You have a big ego, but it isn’t born from insecurity. It stems from the fact that you’re really aware of how competent you are, but you can’t bring yourself to admit it. You either oversell or undersell your worth because you think you shouldn’t be good enough, and you prove it to yourself by self-sabotaging or beating yourself up… but you are good enough, Emmett.

“It’s puzzling. Seriously, if you heard the students talking about you right now, you’d think they see you as a god. You’re almost a legend in their eyes. They wouldn’t even consider that you feel worthless. And that’s without even getting into your Kaiser persona. When I first read Kaiser’s articles, I thought he was a grizzled fifty year-old diplomat with an axe to grind. I never expected it to be… well, you.”

“Gee, thanks.”

“I meant it as a compliment. You have a very abrasive personality, but that’s just on the surface. Underneath it all, you’re the most gentle, empathetic, and understanding person I’ve ever met. The problem is that I’m damn sure that was taken advantage of in your past. Someone crushed your self-esteem and it’s turned you into a cynical asshole. It’s why you keep pushing people away. Part of you genuinely cares about others and wants to do good; the other half believes only idiots think that way and does its damn best to prove it. You have to stop feeling so guilty about whatever happened to you. You’re a good person. You’re not perfect, but who is?”

I sighed and said:

“You don’t get it, Jessica. You’re not saying anything I didn’t know before. Some people think I’m amazing, others can’t stand me, but you haven’t been in my head. You don’t really know who I am. You haven’t seen what I’ve seen. I’m competent. I’m smart. But I’ve also done some pretty horrible things. I’ve hurt a lot of people, and I put myself under immense pressure to repent for it. I’m just not a good enough person yet.”

“I guess that’s the age old question. The Paarthurnax dilemma. I wonder about it every day. Is it better to be born good, or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?”

I chortled. “I never killed him in any of my playthroughs.”

Jessica smiled. “Me neither.” She rested her head on my shoulder, careful not to hurt me. “But why, Emmett? Why put so much pressure on yourself?”

“Because I’m not the guy that won the election. I’m the guy that happened to walk into the right bathroom stall at the right time. Everything else just fell into place. I don’t deserve any of this. I’ll… I’ll never be an emperor that way.”

Jessica wrapped her arms around mine, still leaning her head on me. “You’re torturing yourself with this ambition. You could easily live the rest of your life as Kaiser. You don’t even have to graduate. You can just make a boatload of money and retire to a private island by just selling one of the secrets you publish. It doesn’t make any sense.”

I looked at Jessica and said:

“I don’t expect you to understand. No one does. All my life I’ve felt like I’ve been at the whim of a plot. No matter how hard I try to be happy, everything gets taken away from me the minute I let my guard down. Even as a kid. That’s how it started. This… obsession with world domination. It was a desperate need for control. I’ve grown out of that, though. Even as emperor, even with absolute knowledge, I realize there are still things that will be out of my control.

“You see, you were right about that conflict inside of me. Being good feels dumb, but I still want to do it against my better judgement. Ruling the world is the best middle ground between those two ways of thinking. I get to improve the world while not feeling like an idiot.”

“Huh…” Jessica nodded, clinging to me gently. “I never saw it that way. But still, you don’t owe the world anything. You’re going out of your way to do something that many will resent you for. Just… don’t. Be selfish. It’s good for you.”

“That’s eerily close to objectivism, Jessica. I’m not okay with that.”

“If you’re clever enough to get away with something, there’s nothing wrong with doing it. This world is cruel, lonely, and fucked up. You’re only going to keep getting used if you don’t look out for yourself. Why can’t you just accept that?.”

I frowned and said:

“Because Atlas shouldn’t shrug! If the weight of the world is on your shoulders, if the continued existence of the universe relied on you carrying on, it’s irresponsible and downright childish to wash your hands and walk away. Yes, the individual should always be valued over the collective, but that doesn’t mean I shouldn’t try to make the world a better place for everyone, not just myself. If a person is capable of being emperor, of bringing peace and order to humanity, then it would be immoral for that person to not do it. Above all else, above conquering people and ordering them around, a true emperor protects. Humanity. Freedom. Beauty. Everything. An emperor is the only one who can do it. 

“I got handed a gift that can change the world. I’m not gonna waste it on trivial garbage like making money or inflating my self-worth. I don’t care if I have to go through hell. We live in a world where ideas can take form and influence the world through belief alone. If we don’t want truth, good, and justice to exists, they never will. That’s why I’m doing this. That’s been the whole problem all along! People are so wrapped up with themselves, that they keep denying reality for what it is. No one takes responsibility for their own feelings!

“Our culture is one that punishes emotional vulnerability. Not because it's bad, but because it makes people uncomfortable. They can’t ponder the ugly truths of existing because they think that contemplating them, giving them attention, validates them. But they’re wrong! What people don’t get is that the more you fight against negative emotions, the stronger they become! We can’t just force ourselves to always be happy. We can’t impose positivity on others! We have to accept them, our flaws and everything wrong with us, in order to work on them. Not hide them away, like the SJWs. 

“They just cover the underlying ugliness of the world for fake peace of mind. It’s no different from wasting away our lives on social media, watching television every waking second of the day, or getting drunk every night to numb our existential dread. We have to face our demons, but no one wants to do it. People would rather invent a convenient, fictional reality than face the world. And whenever people do see someone admit they’re wrong, they pounce on them. They make sure not to encourage this at all. Not because we’re not allowed to feel flawed, but because people feel insecure when they see someone unashamed of being themselves. This insecurity forces them to come up with excuses, a self-narrative, to not feel inferior or lacking. I mean yeah, how dare others express themselves and be free. They’re degenerates for making me feel bad because of something they do. It’s fucked up! 

“And the worst part is I’m not saying anything new! This has been going on for ages! People know it on an intellectual level, but they haven’t internalized it yet. Both sides of the argument always think they’re the damn exception! A liberal would rather die than admit a conservative is right! An alt-righter would rather spew racist shit than admit that they’re only trying to fit in or covering for their inferiority complex, just like a social justice warrior would rather be a hypocrite than admit not everyone is equal! 

“At the end of the day, I don’t want to rule the world to tell people what to think. That’s completely missing the point. It’s not how progress works. I’ve been wrong about pretty much everything I’ve ever believed and I’m grateful I can admit it! I just want to rule the world so that humanity can learn to prove itself wrong. So that it can prosper and we can all work towards understanding ourselves, the universe, and our place in it without any bullshit getting in our way.”

I was panting by the time I finished my words. Jessica stared at me this whole time, holding my arm wide-eyed and silent. I took a few deep breaths and said:

“I went into a rant there. Sorry.”

“You’re really gonna do it, aren’t you?”

“What?”

“Rule the world.”

“Uhh, duh. I’ve been saying it this whole time. Of course I’m gonna try.”

“No, Emmett. I knew you were crazy enough to try it. What I mean is… you’re actually going to accomplish it.”

“Oh…” I chuckled. “I… I’m not so sure now. Who knows if I’ll live long enough to do it.” I smiled. “I think this is the first time someone’s said that without a hint of irony. No one ever believes in me. It feels kinda weird, really. In fact, I almost forgot to thank you, Jessica.”

“For what?”

“For making me do this. Before you found me… I was dying inside. Stagnating. I felt like I had just mastered the world and at the same time realized my insignificance within it. I became Kaiser and… got lost. All this time, I’ve been afraid. I started getting high everyday to escape reality, and I didn’t notice it until now. I wasn’t taking my situation seriously. I thought I had everything figured out, and then things became even more complicated than I ever dreamed of.”

“I know, right? If espers are real, then what’s next? Time Travelers and aliens?”

“Yeah, that would be stupid.” I widened my eyes. “Oh god, that’s foreshadowing, isn’t it?”

“Foreshadowing?” Jessica giggled. “This isn’t a story, Emmett. Real life doesn’t work that way.”

“R-right.”

“Could you imagine, though? The world is a crazy place. It would actually explain a lot.” 

“Y-you never know…”

Jessica smiled. “Yeah, a girl can dream. I’ve always had this fantasy that my life is like a television series, or a book.” She wrinkled her face and laughed. “If it were, this would be a really weird moment for the audience.” 

“Yup. You said it. Maybe we should change the subject, just in case.”

Jessica shivered. “And I’d be a very divisive character. All I do is make anime references, meme, and blurt out japanese phrases. Could you imagine reading a novel about us without understanding anything I say? I’d feel sorry for whoever had to tolerate my otaku obsession. That would make for a very crappy experience.”

I cleared my throat and coughed a few times. “Well, hopefully, the author would stop using you as a crutch and focus on crafting a solid narrative that stands on its own merits, you know, instead of relying on a juvenile meta gimmick and cheesy references to keep people engaged.” 

“Yeah, I always hate when stories go all ‘look how meta we are’ without any reason other than the novelty of it. It’s like they use self-awareness as an excuse to do the very thing they’re mocking. I much prefer when things are original and self-contained.”

“Couldn’t agree more. At the end of the day, ironic shitposting is still shitposting. If a person is being annoying, suddenly says ‘oh lol I’m so annoying’, and then continues to be annoying, I just want to punch them in the face even more. I mean, for fucks sake, do something with it or stop it! Don’t just keep beating the same dead horse!”

Jessica nodded along. “Yup. I shouldn’t need a huge repertoire of pop-culture knowledge to understand your story. It’s just a cheap tactic that authors use to get readers invested in geeky characters, or to make them feel smart for recognizing the references. It shouldn’t substitute actual characterization. I mean, have you seen Ready Player One? That thing is literally Sword Art Online drenched in eighties references. I can’t imagine something even more nerd-pandering than that!”

“Exactly! Shawn freaking loves that book, so I read it when he lent it to me. It was horrible. No discernible talent whatsoever.”

“I’ve actually read something even more reference heavy and cringey, though.”

“Really? What?”

“My diary, desu.”

We broke into laughter. Jessica stepped away from me, covering her face as she giggled. I couldn't open my eyes. My chuckles made every injury in my body flare with pain. Every time I resisted it, the urge to laugh got stronger and made me wince more.  After we recovered, Jessica sighed and said:

“You know, Emmett, I’m really glad I met you. I don’t think I’ve ever been able to have this type of conversation with anyone else. Not even Amy. And she’s like a sister to me.”

“Funny. I was thinking the same thing.”

“I know we’re both going to be very busy from now on… but don’t be a stranger. I’ve… I’ve never really opened up to anyone like this.”

“Me neither. You’re the only person who’s ever believed in me. As far as I’m concerned, we’re nakama now.”

“Right! Nakama for life!” Jessica smiled. “I’ll make you emperor, Emmett, if it’s the last thing I do! Dattebayo!” She looked at the exit. “I uhh, I have to get going now. But before I forget,” she went into her pockets, pulled out a ziplock bag, and gave it to me, “this is yours. I kinda took it from your place when we were there. S-sorry.”

I narrowed my eyes. It was my stash of weed. “Why did you-”

“I said I’m sorry! I should’ve trusted you to not get high, but I didn’t want to risk it. So I hid it.”

I frowned. “I didn’t even notice it was gone.” I gave it back to her. “But it’s okay. I don’t want it anymore.”

“You sure? There’s nothing wrong with smoking. I hope you don’t feel like I was judging you for it or anything.”

“I’m well aware of that. Weed is habit forming, but it isn’t any different from watching television or gambling. I’m not quitting. I’m just taking a break. I wanna make sure I can function without it for a while.”

Jessica nodded. “Okay then, I’ll just save it for tonight.” She smiled. “Amy’s throwing a party for you and I’m helping her get the place ready.”

“For me? Really?”

“Hell yeah! She’s super pumped about it, and something told me you weren’t gonna celebrate if we didn’t force you to.” Jessica narrowed her eyes. “Don’t even think about skipping it.”

I swallowed. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”

“Good.” Jessica started to walk away, but stopped halfway to the staircase. “By the way, can you give me back my cellphone?”

“About that… I’m gonna have to buy you a new one. It got destroyed in the explosion.”

“Oh. Okay. Cool. Just don’t take too long to replace it. I kinda need it, you know?”

“Yeah, don’t worry. You’ll have it first thing tomorrow.”

“Y-yeah.” Jessica bit her lip and looked at the floor. “I’ll go to the mall with you, then. If you don’t mind. I wouldn't want you buying one I don’t like.”

“Uhh, sure.”

“Good. It’s… it’s a date then.”

I nodded, confused by her sudden awkwardness.

Jessica nodded back flustered and left at a brisk pace. Strange girl. I never know what’s going through her head. 

I then turned towards the skyline, leaning over the railing again. I didn’t like lying to Jessica, but I couldn’t give her back her cellphone. For some reason, when I tried to erase Lain’s number from it, it wouldn’t go away. It just stayed there. Undeleted. I’ll have to do some investigating afterwards to see what’s up with that. 

I couldn’t stop worrying. Did I do good enough? Will people want to see more of my story or would I just disappear into nothingness after this? Will I ever get to build my empire? I sighed. Whatever. No use in stressing out over things I can’t change. I’ll just have to take this victory for what it was and enjoy it while I could. 

The sun had set by the time I left the balcony. As I went down the winding stairway, full of cobwebs and dust, I couldn’t help but be amused at everything I went through. Originally, I thought this would be a different story. Outsmarting my opponents and grinding my enemies beneath my heel with style, just like in some self-indulgent power fantasy. In reality, I couldn’t have been more wrong. This isn’t the story of how I conquered the world; it’s the story of how I become a man capable of ruling the world, and I still had a long way to go.The anticipation felt nearly palpable on Thursday. I headed to the university at five in the afternoon, walking past a traffic jam that would probably last until nine. Lots of cars and minivans had their windows rolled down, blasting radio coverage of the election every so often. It was like an ever present buzz permeated the entire city since, for some strange voyeuristic reason, even normal folk, either clocking out of their office jobs or picking up their children after school, were invested in the outcome of this election.

All throughout campus, thousands of students funneled into their respective buildings, whispering and murmuring with excitement and worry. Each department had designated presentation rooms, usually for lectures or meetings, that were used to stream the debate. Some could seat only a hundred people, while others could hold five-hundred, but the biggest one, the main auditorium where we were duking it out, was filled to the brim with a thousand souls. In all my years in this campus, I’d never seen so many people involved in student council politics. Jessica told me the day before this was the biggest election in recent history, but it didn’t sink how many people that entailed until I was in the backstage prep room with Amy. 

Slumping on a wooden stool, I straightened my white dress shirt and pressed down my blue tie. I wore a black suit and gray vest for this event, but I wasn’t wearing the jacket at the moment. Amy wanted to apply some makeup on me, so I took it off to avoid any stains. 

I flinched every time she touched me. My face was looking better than a few days ago, but the bruising was still there. 

“You’re too tense.” Amy caked on more foundation. “If you walk out like this, you’re gonna look weak.”

“You think I don’t know that? Pointing it out doesn’t help. It’s like when someone makes an awkward moment even worse by talking about how awkward it is. Useless.”

Amy rolled her eyes, rubbing the sponge on my left cheek. “Jessica wasn’t lying when she said you get bitchy backstage.”

“I think I’ve earned the right to be bitchy here.”

Amy pressed the sponge ever so slightly. 

I winced back and shot a nasty glare at her, but then she said:

“And I think *I’ve* earned the right to do *that*.” 

I frowned. “Well played.”

Amy cleaned up some excess makeup with a paper towel. She then handed me a mirror and said:

“So, whaddya think?”

I turned my head both ways, inspecting my profile. “It’s amazing! You can’t even tell I’m beat up!”

Amy grinned. “You shouldn’t doubt me, Emmett. I’m an expert at this.”

“Why would I assume that?” 

“You ever play rough in bed and end up with an accidental black eye the day before an important interview?”

“Oh. Point taken.”

“Yeah, it’s a neat skill to pick up.”

“Remind me to get lessons from you.”

Amy chuckled and said:

“Playing rough with anyone in particular?”

“No, but I wouldn’t be surprised if I got more black eyes in the future.”

“Yeah, you do have that effect on people.”

I narrowed my eyes. “No, please Amy, tell me what you *really* think.”

“Just saying…” 

“Whatever.” I stood up. “Help me with the mic please.”

Since the debate was being streamed, this time around we had to wear mics that were connected to the auditorium’s speakers and the live audio feed. Amy clipped the tiny microphone on my shirt and weaved the wire under the collar. I connected the wire to a black plastic box, and strapped it on the waist of my pants. I then wore my jacket and buttoned up the the top two buttons, leaving the bottom one undone. 

I widened my arms, turning slowly in a circle. “How do I look?”

Amy whistled high and low. “Surprisingly handsome.”

I smirked. “I’ll take what I can get.”

The distant roar of the crowd made the floorboards vibrate, giving me and Amy a short pause. Amy then packed her makeup into her purse, walked towards the door, and said:

“That’s my cue. Imma leave now. Megan’s already waiting for me at her apartment and I don’t wanna be caught up in whatever shit you guys start.”

“Yeah… That’s probably for the best. Thanks for the help.”

“It’s cool. But really, Jessica should’ve done this, not me. Where the hell is she?”

“Oh, you know, journalist stuff. She’s part of the coverage team so she’s busy right now.”

“Ah, makes sense. Still, she could’ve just told me that instead of being vague.”

I shrugged. “I think you did a good job.”

Amy laughed. “You know it.”

Amy walked out the door and a guy I hadn’t met before stepped in. He then said:

“Uhh, Candidate Wilfery, ten minutes till we begin.”

“Thanks.”

After he left, I took some deep breaths and loosened up as much as I could. The reason Jessica wasn’t here was because she was actually setting things up for Kaiser’s interruption. I would’ve liked to go over the plan one more time, but that was just my nerves talking. The only thing I could do now was pace around the prep room and hope nothing went wrong. That she didn’t get intercepted by Tiffany by some random stroke of bad luck or something like that.

The longer I waited, the more I craved weed. I hadn’t smoked since I stayed at Jessica’s house. My mind was clearer, and I hadn’t seen Emily again, but my anxiety was back in full force. I clutched the lighter I had in my pocket. Maybe I had enough time to sneak off, roll a joint, and take a few puffs. I frowned. That was stupid. I knew the stress would go away once I got the ball rolling, but I still felt the need to get high.

I sighed. 

“Candidate Wilfery,” said the same guy from before, “you’re on in two minutes. Make sure your mic’s turned on when you’re on stage. Follow me when you’re ready.”

I nodded and walked after him, closing the door behind me. Every step that got me closer to the stage made my heart beat faster. I then stopped at the end of the small hallway, clutching the curtain fabric near me and peeking just a bit into the other side. 

I could see the four podiums set up, just like before. This time around, the moderator was a lanky, but otherwise normal, guy with short hair and a navy blue suit. I assumed this was the current student council president. I hadn’t seen him in person before. Now that I think about it, I’ve never even voted in these elections. 

I tried to swallow, but couldn’t. I had a knot in my throat. Tiffany knows I’m planning something, Lain told me so, but she doesn’t know what. She also thinks Jessica and Suzan have been manipulating the polls to make me look better, which was true, but she didn’t have enough proof to leak that information. Because of this, she made up a plan. Capture one or both of them, hypnotize them into exposing themselves, and have them spread the news before the students voted.

I leaked decoy locations for both of them through the handful of hypnotized volunteers organizing my campaign. Tiffany already sent her goons after Suzan and Jessica, so I know I tricked her. But still… I couldn’t shake off this nagging feeling that something would go wrong.

“Fellow students!” said the moderator with a surprisingly deep voice. “Ladies and gentlemen viewing this all over the country! Welcome to Xeistoria University’s official, student council debate!” The audience applauded. “I’m you’re host for this evening, Lucas Rodgers. Normally, the dean would be in charge of moderating this event, but Dean Fisher is currently out of town in an important meeting, so I’m filling in for him tonight. Even though I’m graduating this May, I’d be remiss to ignore the context surrounding this election. The outcome of this contest will determine the future of our university for decades to come and I would like to set some things straight. The people who are about to walk on stage now are worthy of your respect. Yes, all three of them. No matter what side of the argument you land on. They’re braver than most for putting their beliefs on the line in a public forum and they should be praised for having such strong convictions about school policy. Now, without further ado, let’s move on to the introductions! First up, is the incredibly beautiful and equally dutiful lady of charity herself, Tiffany Ethyris!”

Tiffany walked on stage, wearing a fancy red dress, matching high heels, and a small white flower on her left shoulder strap. Her hair was styled in an elegant bun, with slim bangs falling on either side of her face. People chanted her name loudly, but some faint boos could be heard in the distance. After a small bow and a wave at the crowd, she stood behind a corner podium and smiled.

“Next is one of the most controversial figures in recent history. A relative underdog that’s swept up this election! Please put your hands together for Emmett Wilfery!”

I walked towards the middle podium, raising my hands to match the energy of the crowd. For some reason, people started chanting my name. I went along with it as I stepped near my podium, never losing my confident stride, but internally, I couldn’t believe it. 

A strange sensation took over my body. My diaphram loosened and I could breathe effortlessly again. My nervousness and fear was converted into thrill. Power. Excitement. People were cheering for my victory. They believed in me. Not just a vague blob of students, but everyone who’s supported me along the way. Suzan, Sarah, Blake, Amy, Jessica, and all the other club presidents. They were counting on me and at that moment I knew, from the bottom of my heart, that I wasn’t about to disappoint them. 

I could do this. 

The crowd simmered down, and then Lucas said:

“Finally, our third candidate is the extremely talented Youtuber, Shawn Greenfield.”

The audience collectively gasped.

Tiffany dropped her jaw, brimming with incredulity, and Lucas almost fell forward in disbelief.

I looked at Shawn and understood their reaction, holding back the urge to yell an expletive. 

Shawn was dressed like a clown, just like he had for the video he did a few weeks ago. Purple wig, white makeup, big red nose, green overalls with a striped sweater underneath, and oversized shoes to complete the uniform. Despite the painted-on smile, Shawn looked fierce. It was more like warpaint. He’d always been an imposing figure, but I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t impressed that he could still pull it off while dressed like that. 

After a brief pause, the crowd went nuts, shouting and cheering for Shawn, louder than for me and Tiffany combined. 

Lucas looked around confused and said:

“Umm… Candidate Greenfield, is everything alright?”

“Yes,” said Shawn, “why wouldn’t it be?”

“Because… well, you’re dressed like a clown…”

“And how is that any different from what my opponents have done? They’ve already made a mockery of our democratic process! They turned it into a circus with their personal drama, so why can’t I dress the part?”

Tiffany then said:

“Because you’re spitting in the face of everyone that’s worked hard on this election! You’re blatantly playing to the internet crowd and you’re not representing any important issues! You’re just a self-serving Youtuber!”

Some audience members cheered.

“How dare you?!?” shouted Shawn. “I’m wearing the proud uniform of hardworking men and women who are discriminated against every day, just for doing their jobs! They’re bringers of joy and laughter, and they can’t even walk on the streets without having stuff thrown at them! Are clowns not important enough for you?” He pointed at the crowd. “Is that who you want as president? Someone who only represents people if they’re important enough?” He looked at Tiffany. “You’re a hypocrite, Ethyris!” He made a fist and raised it. “Clown lives matter!”

“CLOWN LIVES MATTER!” replied a large portion of the students. They repeated the chant several more times for a few seconds.

I shook my head and held my tongue. I couldn’t believe this was actually working. Tiffany fell for the bait, but I wasn't about to follow her lead. Shawn’s trying to be as memorable and shocking as possible, just like I did in the first debate. He obviously prepared his arguments well, accounting for pretty much anything we could come up with on the spot. I’d forgotten how good Shawn is at anticipating others reactions. It’s what makes him such a good entertainer. 

“Okay then, moving on...” said Lucas, “...let's start the debate! Our first question is going to be asked by the head of one of our biggest and most prolific clubs, the Xeistorian Society for Marginalized Groups.”

The audience clapped until a woman stepped up to the microphone. I almost choked when I realized who it was. The boxcutter psycho. Claire, if I remembered correctly. *She’s* their president? 

The boxcutter psycho cleared her throat, brought out a flash card, and read from it:

“Hello, my question is for all three candidates. As a woman, I’ve been subjected to a lot of discrimination and harassment in my field of study, engineering, because of my gender. Furthermore, the amount of reported violent crimes, including rapes and muggings, in this city have skyrocketed in the past decade…” 

The hypocrisy is flabbergasting.

“...because of the systemic oppression faced by anyone that isn’t a cis-gendered white male. I’m not alone in thinking that this campus has slowly turned more hostile towards women, racial and religious minorities, and members of the LGBTQ community. How do you plan to make our university a more welcoming, and less toxic, environment?”

“Excellent question!” said Lucas. “Candidate Ethyris, you have the floor.”

Tiffany nodded. “Thank you. To answer your question… Well, jeez there are so many projects I want to implement, I don’t know where to start.” She smiled endearingly, getting a laugh out of the audience. I almost gagged. “Obviously, I’ll start by implementing multiple safe spaces throughout campus for anyone that feels threatened or judged because of how they identify themselves. Xeistoria is really behind on this, most universities across the country have already done this and I don’t want ours to become archaic. At the end of the day, it is a valuable tool for coping with our stressful lifestyles and the demands of modern society.”

Tiffany paused while the audience applauded. 

“I will also make a concerted effort to amend our student code of conduct. Microaggressions are an unfortunate reality that we have to face every day, and, unfortunately, there are very little ways to fight against this with the current system we have. Harsher penalties need to be handed out for these transgressions. It’s the only way to curb the growing tolerance of hate speech in this campus. The XSMG has already done an excellent job of spreading equality and fairness to our students, and if I’m elected president, I’ll work in conjunction with them to establish a code where students are allowed to police others for spreading hate.

“And lastly, I would like to propose a new service for lower income students. Transportation has been notoriously bad in Xeistoria City for the past few decades. People have to walk uphill, under bad weather, and with the threat of being assaulted every day to get to their classes. Even the students who can afford a vehicle are affected by this, since rush hour traffic is impossible to circumvent. A lot of these issues could be easily prevented if we had a shuttle or bus system in place for students. But honestly, these are just three of the many goals I have for this school. I have plenty more, but I’d have to dive even deeper into the matter. If any of you are curious about the rest of my projects, you can find a full archive of my platform on my Facebook page.”

“Thank you, Candidate Ethyris” said Lucas. “Candidate Wilfery, you have the floor.”

I nodded and said:

“There are many issues I have with Ethyris’ proposals, but first I’d like to address the faultiness of this question. The frequency of violent crimes in this city has most certainly not skyrocketed in the past decade. That is a misleading statement peddled by people who lack a basic understanding of statistics. Yes, the data shows the gross number of crimes has increased, but that’s without taking into account that the city’s population has also increased in the past decade. If you bothered to go a step further, you’d see that the *percentage*  of violent crimes has actually diminished, specially after organized crime took a hit four years ago. 

“Now, to actually answer the question, no, I don’t have any plans to ‘make our campus a more welcoming environment’. Tiffany’s proposed solution to microaggressions is a thinly veiled excuse to implement a twisted morality police and further grow her influence on this school. This is a university, not a goddamned church. It’s not a moral institution and it has never pretended to be. And where would the funds come from to implement this shuttle service? Someone would have to pick up the tab, and I can guarantee you it won’t be the XSMG.”

People murmured among themselves with agreeing hums. 

“That’s right, every other club’s budget will be slashed to make this a reality. Is that fair? Of course not! It’s true that public transportation is important, but that’s the city’s job, not ours. We shouldn’t have to sacrifice the limited resources we have on superficial things. Not when most departments are underfunded and most clubs have to scrape by, begging for what little the university can provide. Actually, I just realized I misspoke. I *do* have a plan to foster a better college environment. It involves the XSMG and its total dismantlement as a club.” Some in the audience gasped. “Yeah, that’s right. If I’m elected president, as of next semester, the XSMG won’t exist anymore. They’re a hindrance to our education. If anyone’s fostering a toxic environment, it’s them! They should be called social image warriors! The only justice they’re interested in is the one that makes them look good! And guess what? You can’t look good if there isn’t something bad to contrast with, a vague other that highlights everything you aren’t in a convenient narrative. Please, I implore you, don’t fall for the surface beauty of their words. The time to fight back is now! Don’t let them shame you into giving up your freedom of speech!”

I panted when I finished speaking, but it was drowned out by the thunderous applause. They started chanting my name again, which still caught me off guard. I didn’t say anything new or original. It was just common sense. Is an honest opinion really that rare? I wiped sweat off my brow and smiled until the audience died down. 

Lucas then said:

“Brilliant! Thank you, Candidate Wilfery. That was a very well articulated argument. Candidate Greenfield, you have the floor.”

“Thank you, Lucas.” Shawn addressed the crowd. “While Candidate Wilfery made some valid points, his approach to a solution is just as impulsive, destructive, and just as extremist as the viewpoint he’s criticizing. Discrimination is an ugly truth of our times. We can’t just ignore the fact that people are being marginalized every day. To say that everyone involved in the social justice movement is an image obsessed attention whore is to dismiss the people who truly believe in making our community a better place. I want a healthy college environment just as much as anyone else! This is a place where ideas should intermingle and grow, not a place where we snuff out anything we don’t agree with-”

The lights went out. 

People screamed and cried out in surprise.

I smiled.

Perfect timing, Jessica. Well done. I told her to interrupt the debate right when Shawn started his answer. That way, my argument would be the one lingering in people's mind when we finish, and his would be cut short. 

A screen lowered behind the three of us. It lit up with a white, featureless background. Slowly, the word ‘Be**LIE**ve’ appeared on the colorless void, with the ‘lie’ fragment wrapped in rusty barbed wire. Then, a straw hat with a red ribbon materialized above it and a distorted voice said:

“Hello, world. I am Kaiser.”

A wave of disbelief flooded the auditorium. Everyone seemed too shocked to properly respond to that claim. I gave Jessica a script, but I wouldn’t be surprised if she improvised a bit. I just hoped she didn’t go too far in a tangent.

“I have disabled the microphones and hijacked the stream, so don’t bother speaking, candidates. You won’t be heard by anyone.”  Kaiser!Jessica laughed. “As most of you are aware, I promised a full analysis of this childish election for today. I was originally gonna make this a blog post, but then I decided ‘fuck it, let’s crash the debate and set everyone there straight’. I don’t even know why you want me to do this. I’m a professional political analyst. I risk my damn life every time I post an article. I shouldn’t be commenting on something as trivial as this. Still, it’s a nice distraction from the prostitution rings, media censorship, and genocides going on in the world, so I’ll indulge this one time. 

“First things first, I want to make this really clear. You *shouldn’t* respect these candidates. That idiot moderator is completely wrong. None of them are qualified for the job. Emmett Wilfery is an argumentative twat with no political experience whatsoever, who only speaks what he’s feeling at the moment with no regard for the consequences of his words.”

I frowned. Easy there, Jessica. You’re getting a bit too real there.

“And you know things are fucked when *he’s* the best candidate you have. That’s right, you won’t even believe how incompetent the other two are. Oh, what’s that? You thought I would endorse Shawn Greenfield? Sorry to disappoint, but he’s nothing but a pandering cunt. He speaks in the least offensive terms possible to appeal to the widest demographic. He doesn’t hold any true convictions, in fact, after some investigation, I’ve found that he hasn't even approached a single club to address their concerns. He was too busy with his internet friends to care. 

“He heavily criticized my blog when I first gained popularity, but he didn’t have a single problem with me once I offered to aid his campaign. If he’d been brave enough to stick to his beliefs, I would’ve actually respected him more. Not enough to respect him as an actual leader, but still better than the other two candidates. The best way I can summarize Greenfield is this, the opinion of anyone who gave Skyward Sword a ten out of ten should be immediately suspect.”

I chuckled softly. That was actually an old argument I had with Shawn over his review of that game a few years ago. I’m glad Jessica read that line.

“But that doesn’t even approach the level of deceitfulness, manipulation, and downright sociopathy shown by the last candidate. Yes, that’s right I’m talking about Miss Tiffany Ethyris. Hard working? Passionate? Charitable? All lies. If you go to my website, you’ll find a zip file, ready for download, that proves all of this wrong. The official documentation proves she’s barely registered twenty hours of community service in all of her ‘charity work’. Her followers are delusional. They claim she’s always working day in and out, but there’s literally no proof of that! It’s like they’re being brainwashed into thinking she’s a deity! She’s just like every other social justice warrior. All bark; no bite.”

Everyone went quiet. Goosebumps rippled through my skin. This silence was like the calm before a horrible storm. 

Bloodcurdling screams filled the auditorium. 

I couldn’t see well because of the darkness, and my imagination made it worse to visualize. Violent noises spread. Crying, loud banging, and shouting. It was working.

“Hell, she’s worse, because at least social justice warriors are dumb enough to believe their own rhetoric. This bitch is terrifying. She *knows* she’s deceiving everyone, which leads me to my greater point, Miss Ethyris. Sweet old, Candidate Ethyris. I just want you to know that I know.” Kaiser!Jessica paused. “Yes, I *know*. I believe in a person’s right to privacy, so I won’t leak any more information on you. But out of courtesy, I’ll say this. Just drop out of the race. Don’t drag this out anymore than you have to. You’ll only be hurting others for no gain whatsoever. That said, let’s move on to the main even of the night. The one thing you’ve been waiting for and the reason I’m even bothering with this drawn out speech. Here is my face reveal!”

A picture of a smiling Monkey D. Luffy appeared on the screen.

“Did you seriously think I would reveal myself? You are all sheep! Yes, all of you! Even the person nodding along to this who somehow thinks they’re clever and that my statement doesn’t apply to them. By falling for this clickbait garbage you people validate everything wrong with modern journalism! You choose your own facts and isolate yourselves in your own little Tumblr, Reddit, and 4chan communities, creating a bubble around you and the real world. You’re literally allowing communism and fascism to rise again, some of the deadliest ideologies in the history of mankind! Whether you support feminism or men’s rights, atheism or religion, right or left wing politics, by sorting people into groups, you’re no better than the people you oppose. It’s easy to view the world in simple terms. Black and white. Good and bad. Us versus them. Any ideology that gives you a comfortable, absolute truth is easy to swallow and understand, so out of pure laziness, you believe what’s most convenient for you. You killed nuanced opinions! Anything that is offensive to you is *bad*, and therefore *wrong*. These candidates are horrible, but they’re perfect for you. They’re exactly what you deserve.” 

The screams intensified in volume. It was a madhouse in here. Were they killing each other? Junk was thrown at the stage, passing near me but never hitting me. I couldn’t tell what it was. 

“But enough of my ranting. I think I’ve made my point clear by now. I’d like to thank Xeistoria University for this wonderful trainwreck. At least it was entertaining. If you’re gonna take away anything from this, vote for Wilfery. Or don’t. Think for yourselves. Either way, you’ve all proven how much of a joke democracy is.”

The screen shut off, and the lights turned on. 

It was a massacre. 

Some students weeped in fetal position, others contorted their limbs in a seizure induced fit, and a small portion smashed their heads against the chairs to make the pain go away. I couldn’t believe it. Just how many people did Tiffany hypnotize? Only a handful of students weren’t affected, freezed in horror and confusion over the chaos. 

Wait. Tiffany was gone. Why hasn’t she undone the spell? She’s already lost.

Lucas approached me and Shawn, saying:

“Guys, we can’t finish the debate! This is insanity!” He dodged a flying bottle of water. “I called the organizers at every other department, and it’s pretty much the same situation over there!”

The boxcutter psycho jumped on stage, holding a large dagger. 

“I’LL KILL YOU, WILFERY!” she shouted. “IF I CAN’T PUNISH KAISER, I’LL SETTLE FOR YOU!”

Oh the irony. 

She ran at me, swinging her knife horizontally. 

It hit me. My left cheek flared with pain and blood ran down to my chin.

I ducked under her follow up swing, but she kicked me in the chest. 

I fell, rolling backwards. 

When I reoriented myself, it was too late. The boxcutter psycho loomed over me with murder in her eyes. A terrifying smile cracked out of her mouth, revealing her uneven, yellow teeth. She spinned her dagger and gripped the handle with her thumb, preparing for a pounce.

Right as she squatted, Shawn threw a podium at her, knocking her unconscious. He then helped me up and said:

“You okay, bud?”

“Yeah, thanks for that.”

“No problem.” Despite his calm appearance, Shawn radiated anger. His voice low, but clear enough to hear. “This is Kaiser’s doing. I-I can’t believe I trusted him! Fuck! This is all my fault. I got his attention.”

“No,” I said, “don’t beat yourself up. There’s no point in it. We need to go. Now. Things are only gonna get worse.”

Lucas then said:

“Y-you’re right. Let’s go.”

We ran backstage and exited the theater, entering a back alley between the auditorium and a faculty building. It was complete mayhem outside. Screams echoed through the night, blending with distant police sirens. 

We sped down the alley, heading towards the main courtyard. The nearer we got to the exit, the louder the world felt. As I dashed out the corner, Shawn grabbed my shoulder and pulled me back into the alley.

“What the hell?” I said.

Shawn only pointed at something in the distance. 

I followed his line of sight and gaped my mouth. “Oh… shit.”

It was a mob of over fifty people shouting incomprehensible phrases in unison. And they had picket signs… with my name scribbled on them. Some where even lobbing burning trash cans in the air, patrolling the courtyard with vigilant eyes. The incomprehensible chanting became clearer now. They were just screaming variations of ‘Where is he?!?’ and ‘Find him!’, mostly to rile up their own emotions. 

I didn’t know if I should feel surprised or stupid for not imagining it earlier, but the person leading this group was none other than Adam, my former lab instructor. He parroted orders and organized people as efficiently as possible while periodically talking into his cell phone. 

I turned to Shawn and said:

“We need to stick back and think of a way to avoid them. There has to be a gap we can exploit. Or make a distraction.”

“I can be bait” said Shawn. “I’m pretty hard to ignore, considering… Well, the costume. I can get their attention, outrun them, and let you two sneak behind their backs.”

“No,” I said, “it’s too dangerous. Maybe you can outrun them for a while, but they’ll eventually corner you.”

Shawn frowned. “You’re underestimating me. Again.”

“This isn’t about athleticism, it’s literally a numbers game. If they can surround you, they can funnel you in the direction they want until they trap you. They haven’t spotted us yet. Let’s not make any hasty decisions.”

Lucas then said:

“Why? They’re only after you!”

I arched an eyebrow. “Really? Then why don’t you go talk to them? See if they’ll chat with you for a few minutes. It’d be a great distraction.”

Lucas swallowed. “N-no. I’m good.”

“That’s what I thought.”

The boxcutter psycho slammed open the alley door. Blood dripped down her forehead, probably because of Shawn’s attack, and she breathed rapidly, without rhyme or reason. She then let out a guttural roar and ran after us, shouting:

“WILFERY!!”

“Fuck it,” I said, “just run to the main gate!”

I didn’t have to finish my sentence to see Lucas sprinting away. Me and Shawn followed. Lucas screamed in panic as he ran through the courtyard, drawing the attention of Adam on the other side. Adam then blew a loud whistle and pointed at us, which signaled the rest of the mob into action. 

Fourteen students lined up twenty feet ahead of us. A lot of them held baseball bats and golf clubs, readying their swings in a threatening fashion. They were blocking the quickest route to the main gate. I then shouted:

“Head for the student center! We can still make it to the exit if we go through there!”

Shawn and I took a sharp turn, grabbing Lucas by the collar before he could go any further. The boxcutter psycho trailed behind us. She was joined by five more people who looked equally angry. 

We reached the student center in a matter of minutes. 

My legs felt heavy, but the adrenaline made me not care. The amount of people chasing us was now in the high twenties. This didn’t help them, though. The pavement walkway was too narrow for all of them to fit, so they had to slow down if they wanted to pursue us smoothly. I could see the main gate in the distance. We made it!

Another mob appeared in the horizon. They slowly coalesced into an impenetrable human wall, sealing the only exit in this plaza. 

The three of us stopped running. 

The horde behind us fanned out, approaching our location at a steady march. We were boxed in. 

“W-what do we do?!?” said Lucas.

“Fuck,” said Shawn, “this is bad. We’ll have to fight our way out!”

“No” I replied. “We’ll get killed!”

“We’re fucked, and I’m not going down without taking a few of them with me!”

“There’s another way! I know it!”

“Then think of something!” shouted Lucas.

“I’m trying!”

I couldn’t. 

Every train of thought led to the same conclusion, that we’re screwed, and no matter how hard I tried to veer my mind off course, the approaching, incomprehensible screams kept my brain looping over and over again until my hands shook and my mouth clenched shut. 

Think.

Lucas stared at me with pleading eyes. Shawn removed his wig, threw it away, and wiped off as much makeup as he could with his sleeve. The mobs were closer, but we still had room to maneuver around the public benches, run through the waist-high hedge and past the oak tree. We’d still be trapped, though. The garden was walled off by a couple of buildings. 

For fucks sake, think Emmett!

What are you supposed to have when you’re out numbered?

High ground. Right. 

We couldn’t scale the walls. The surface was too smooth to grip. 

“Emmett…” said Shawn, “you better get ready or come up with something real quick.”

Belltower. No. The student center was closed. Knock down the doors? Can’t. Too thick and heavy. The entrance was elevated by the cement stairs, but it wasn’t high enough to justify getting surrounded there. 

What’s higher?

I started looking around, hunching in desperation. The only thing I could see was…

“The oak tree!” I shouted. “We have to climb the oak tree!”

I dashed in its general direction, stepping on the bench and jumping from it, over the hedge. Lucas followed me. Shawn hesitated, looking back at the mob, but quickly came along. 

I started climbing the tree first. I heard the mob nearby because of the bushes. I pulled myself upwards onto a decently thick and wide branch, but something tugged me downwards. I tried again and heard a faint ripping sound. My suit got stuck on a bough. I grunted and took off my jacket, throwing it away. 

By the time I leveled myself on the branch, Shawn had already made it to the one across from me. Lucas made it three quarters of the way up the trunk before losing his footing. He yelped, dangling on one arm. The mob waded through the hedge now. They were only thirty feet away from us. 

 Shawn and I extended our arms, helping Lucas onto Shawn’s branch.

“What do we do now?!?” said Lucas.

“We hold our position” I replied.

“But we’re trapped now!”

“We were trapped either way.”

“Yeah,” said Shawn, “we can actually defend ourselves this way.”

A woman scaled the trunk.

Shawn stomped her head twice, kicking her down to the ground.

Three more people approached the tree but, before they could climb, a loud whistle pierced through every other noise. 

The three people stepped away from the trunk. 

The mob slowly spread and circled around tree, making way for Adam and the boxcutter psycho. The blob of students hushed down, only muttering softly among themselves if they were far enough away from the duo.

“President Rogers!” said Adam. “How wonderful to know you’re still safe! Are you injured in any way? Are these men holding you hostage?”

“What?” said Lucas. “No! I’m running away from you freaks!”

“I can assure you, Mister Rogers, we mean you no harm. We’re only after Wilfery.”

Claire, the boxcutter psycho, folded her arms. “Fuck that. We’re getting Greenfield too.”

“Why?” said Adam.

“He threw a podium at me!” Claire pointed at her bloodied forehead. “I could’ve died!”

“You had it coming!” shouted Shawn. 

“Yeah!” I said. “The only people allowed to kill are those who are willing to *be* killed.”

Adam waved off Claire and said:

“It doesn’t matter. Lucas, please come down. Miss Ethyris is concerned about your well being and wants to speak with you personally. I can’t guarantee your safety if you stay on that tree.”

“Oh really now?” I said. “What are you gonna do? Complain until we give up?”

“No,” said Adam, “we’re just gonna set the tree on fire.” 

Adam nodded over at a guy holding a red gas canister, who walked over and handed the container to Claire. 

The boxcutter psycho splashed the gasoline all over the roots, base, and part of the trunk, humming and glaring with gleeful delight. Adam continued:

“You’ll both be the unfortunate victim of a fire after you saved a couple of lives from the riots. Tiffany runs unopposed tomorrow, and, a few months later, I figure we’ll make some buildings or a monument named after you, to mourn your heroic sacrifice.”

“You won’t get away with this!” said Shawn. “My dad won’t rest until he knows what happened to me and Emmett! You’ll all rot in prison!”

“I’m fine with going to jail if it’s for the greater good” said Adam.

“Good?!?” I scoffed in disbelief. “Are you fucking kidding me?!? There’s *nothing* good about any of this.”

Adam furrowed his brow and said:

“People like you are the problem. You’re so privileged you can’t even imagine the world a different way. How many opportunities have you had, solely because of your nationality? Thousands! And yet you act like you know everything, like you’re fit to say what’s right or wrong. And Greenfield’s no different! He wouldn’t have gotten this far in the race if he didn’t come from a wealthy family. You’re just an opportunistic fuck taking advantage of Tiffany’s enemies. You’re no different from the baby boomers who encouraged minorities to fight among themselves, just to stay in power. Equality can’t exist in this campus as long as power hungry assholes like you exist!”

“You’re delusional and ignoring the truth! The only way you can achieve what you’re preaching is if you take away *everyone’s* privilege, not just the ones you don’t agree with. Why don’t *you* set yourself on fire?!?” 

Adam laughed. “The debate's over, Emmett. I’m not here to argue. I already know I’m right.”

Claire emptied the canister, walked away a few feet, and brought out a green zippo lighter. She flicked it open and smiled. Adam then said:

“Again, mister president. Don’t throw your life away for these fools.”

Lucas shook uncontrollably, shifting his gaze between me and Adam. Shawn gestured at me to restrain him, but I shook my head and said:

“Lucas... Climb down. You said it yourself, they’re not after you.”

Lucas held back tears, making his eyes shimmer. “I-I’m sorry, Emmett. I just don’t want to die.” 

I smiled, hiding my fear. “It’s okay. I can’t hold it against you.” 

Lucas nodded, sobbing at this point, and started to climb down when yet another mob gathered in the distance. They were smaller in number than the one surrounding us, but the individuals were bigger than any of Tiffany’s supporters. 

I looked at Shawn, who was just as confused as me. Adam and Claire hadn’t noticed yet. They were waiting for Lucas to land on the ground.

The newcomers then slowly organized themselves on the path near the main gate, like a mountain range of human boulders. They payed attention to two men in front. It was… 

Blake? And Elliot! 

The two athletes then rushed our location together, shouting off the top of their lungs:

“CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGE!”
 

--------

>I woke up to the sight of an unfamiliar ceiling. Again. It was a vaulted roof made of brown, crusty brick stones, ancient by its appearance. I was on a bed. An unassuming one with white sheets and a thin blanket. I could feel the springs underneath the mattress whenever I shifted my weight, generating an annoying, squeaky sound every other time I moved. Light shone through a window pane of green, red, and blue stained glass, but it made everything too bright for me, obscuring more than illuminating the room. 

My eyes stung. I rubbed them for a while until the room came into focus. The floor was made of yellow and purple ceramic tiles, arranged in complex diamond patterns, and at the far end of the room was a heavy wooden door, with a thick stone frame in the shape of an arch. 

A realization struck me.

This was Xeistoria’s Central Hospital. It used to be an old gothic monastery of the Catholic Church until it was privatized into a health center. Pretty much the best place around, though nothing noteworthy nationwide. 

At least I wasn’t handcuffed this time around… 

I scanned the room and heard a low rumble I hadn’t noticed before. It was Jessica sleeping on a big, comfy chair on the wall nearest to me, still wearing the same clothes I last saw her in. Her orange-red hair was unruly, sticking out at random intervals in an unflattering way. To be completely honest, she’d actually look cute if she weren’t snoring like an asthmatic cat. 

Between us stood a wide, metallic nightstand that had my clothes hanging on its edge, with my cellphone and apartment keys orderly placed on the opposite end. I looked down my chest and realized I had a hospital gown on. The same hospital gown that... 

My back tensed up, making my shoulder ache. Emily. Was she still around? I jerked my head around from corner to corner, but I couldn’t see her anywhere. 

I exhaled, closing my eyes with a furrowed brow. I was probably safe for now. Still, I needed to make sense of what happened last night. Did a ghost really attack me? No. That’s just silly. Since when was this a supernatural story? Sure, Lain feels like something straight out of a myth, but…

I widened my eyes. Lain. I reached for my cellphone and unlocked it. No new messages. Damn it. She could clear up everything right now. I gripped my phone with frustration and threw it softly at the far end of my bed. It then teetered on the edge until it fell on the floor. I sighed, leaning backwards on my pillows. I have to get used to not having Lain available. Every time I face an obstacle, I rely too much on her knowledge and bite off more than I can chew. As far as this whole Emily situation went, though… Well, I don’t buy that it was a ghost. 

First off, if this was really Emily’s spirit, there’s no way she would’ve just handed me the answer like that. The last thing a ghost-Emily would do is tell me what she was. Second, I’m pretty certain Tiffany is responsible for this, even if it isn’t initially obvious. She clearly waited for something to happen before she had the floor. Plus, Emily wouldn’t have a reason to care about the election if Tiffany weren’t involved. Now, if this was really a ghost, then not only would it mean that Tiffany can make spirits do her bidding, which is a terrifying thought in and of itself, but that she somehow found out about what I did to Emily seven years ago... 

I cringed. I hadn’t thought about that day in a long time. I wasn’t about to start, either. It did bring up a good question, though. Why would Tiffany go through the trouble of facing me in the election if she had that much leverage on me? The simple explanation is that Tiffany just doesn’t know because whatever I encountered last night wasn’t a ghost. That led me to my third, and most thought-provoking, point so far.

Emily knew everything I was thinking. It was like she had access to my inner monologue. Since when were ghost also mindreaders? Sure, there’s always the possibility that she’s a spirit that can use telepathy, and considering I have an all-knowing cellphone number I wouldn’t be surprised if that’s actually a thing, but there was still a more grounded, realistic explanation for everything. The fact that Emily could fool my senses, to the point where I could feel her touch, just means that my brain was faulty, not that there was an outside force creating the stimulus. Everything about this makes sense if it originated from my mind.

I rolled on my bed, dragging my warm blanket up to my neck. For now, I had to focus on the election. It was the only thing I could do. Keep moving forward and deal with the challenges as they arise, one at a time.

At best, this just meant I was in the beginning stages of schizophrenia, at worst… I was dealing with some unknown and potentially dangerous entity. Maybe the stress was getting to me and Emily was all of my repressed, subconscious trauma bubbling up to the surface. 

A symptom of how broken I pretend I’m not. 

-----------------
-----------------

Two hours later, the door slammed open with a loud bang. I jolted upright on the bed, gripping my blanket. It was Amy. She wore a pair of jeans, torn at the knees, with a studded belt around her waist and a swirly, tie-dyed blouse that exposed her midriff. 

“Emmett!!!” Amy looked around and saw me startled. She then ran to my bed. “Are you okay?!? I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner. I rushed as soon as I saw Jessica’s message! God, I knew I should’ve gone to the debate! It’s just that I woke up late today and then I ran to my class and-”

“Amy!”

“W-what?”

“You’re shouting in a hospital.” I smiled. “But it’s nice to know you care.” 

“Oh…” Amy looked away. “Right. Heh. Sorry.”

Amy dragged a chair over to the side of my bed. I glanced at Jessica. She was still sound asleep, even after all the noise Amy made. Weird. 

“So…” Amy bent down, grabbed my cellphone, and gave it to me. “I’m guessing last night was miserable failure, then?”

“Not really. Everything went just as planned.”

Amy squinted her eyes. “Are you sure? Didn’t you get beat up by a raging mob?”

“What? No. Where did you hear that?”

“Campus.” Amy shrugged. “Rumors spread fast.”

“And what else did you hear?”

“That uhh... you and Tiffany had been in a secret love affair a few months prior to the election. It’s all everyone’s talking about.”

I grinned. “Brilliant.”

“Okay, now I’m confused.”

“It’s all part of the plan, don’t worry.”

“My confusion?”

“No.” I rolled my eyes.“The rumors exaggerating last night’s events. Of course, I never believed I’d start a riot, but I knew it was a possibility.”

“You sound like you’re just pretending this was your plan all along.”

I frowned. “I’m not pretending. Just ask Jessica!” We both looked at Jessica. She was still asleep, but she wasn’t snoring anymore. “Just uhh, wait ‘till she wakes up.”

“But, from what I heard, Greenfield is the one on top now. Not many people were talking about him, but the ones that did were praising him, unlike you and Tiffany. I didn’t even hear a single good thing about you. You’re exactly where you started!”

“Am I?” I leaned forward. “Before last night, most of the school only knew me as a depraved sexual predator. Now they’re thinking that I’m a spurned lover that got screwed over by an ambitious, cold-hearted bitch. I have a much more sympathetic image now.”

Amy stared at me. “Fine. I’ll play along. If it was planned, doesn’t this make you look too… petty?”

“It looks that way from your perspective because you know it’s a lie. And really, I was afraid of that at first, but tell me, in everything you heard today, did someone ever mention any candidate’s ideology or platform?”

“Not really…”

“So, what you’re saying is, everyone’s too focused on the stunt I pulled to talk about any of the ‘important’ issues, right? To the point where they’re arguing about something completely different to the topics we were debating?”

“I… Yes. Wow. I guess I didn’t see it that way. Shawn’s victory is a footnote in retrospect, and you’re the one in the spotlight now.” Amy nodded to herself. “Okay Emmett, I’ll give you props, that was clever.”

I smirked. “Thank you.”

“But still… How did you know everyone would buy your bullshit? In theory, your lie is pretty far fetched. Tiffany is a top-tier hottie. Why would she ever go for you?”

“I…” My mouth gaped open. “You really suck at giving props, you know?”

Amy grinned. “The questions still stands. If you really planned all of this, then you must’ve been certain people would believe your lie. Why?”

“Human nature.” I sighed. “It’s the best way I can describe it. Tiffany likes to portray an image of herself that, by all standards, isn’t very realistic. That’s her weakness.”

“Right.”

“And part of that image involves selling herself as an ideal of perfection. The way she dresses, the way she talks, and everything she publicly supports is done with this in mind. Where Shawn wants to look relatable to win the public’s trust, Tiffany wants to be put on a pedestal, above everyone else, to look like the most competent candidate.”

“You’ve lost me. What does this have to do with the lie?”

“Well, when someone seems too good to be true, you’re bound to be more distrustful of them than you would a normal person. It usually means they have something to hide. Not always, but more often than not. Furthermore, people don’t like it when others are objectively superior to them, even if they would never admit it to anyone or themselves. This means Tiffany has to walk a dangerous tightrope. Sure, if she does it well, she’ll be nothing short of a demigod in the eyes of her followers, but it also makes her a target for anyone with an inferiority complex… which just so happens to be a large portion of our society. The minute they hear she’s not as perfect as she appears, they eat it up. Not because it makes sense or because they truly believe it, but because it fits their worldview snugly. It’s easier to cope with your own mediocrity if someone like Tiffany is just as, if not more, flawed than you.”

“And since Tiffany made up the butt-grabbing, she couldn’t just go back on it and say it never happened. Huh.”

“Basically, yeah.”

“You have a very cynical outlook on life…”

“And accurate. It worked, didn’t it?”

“I guess but… it feels wrong.” Amy pouted. “Sure, some people are that shallow, but I refuse to believe everyone’s like that.”

“Not everyone, just a hard-to-ignore majority. Of course, this is only worsened by the fact that no one thinks they’re like that. Confirmation bias tends to be more effective on those who are most blind to it.” 

Amy chuckled. “Well look at you! You’re a regular Frank Underwood.”

“Meh. I guess there’s worse comparisons. That said… Why do I keep getting compared to bisexual characters? First Dio, then Frank, you could even make a case for Light, too. For fucks sake, do I look gay or something?”

“No, it’s not that you look gay. It’s more that your good looks lean more on ‘boyband’-cute, not ‘athletic’-sexy. I haven’t heard of those two other characters you mentioned, but yeah, I guess what I’m trying to say is that you would look like a really attractive chick if you wore a decent enough wig.”

“This is new information, and I don’t know what to make of it…”

“I mean, as a petite woman, I see nothing wrong with being cute. It could be worse!”

“I guess? Can we talk about something else now? This is starting to depress me.”

“Sure. I’ve been meaning to mention something else, but it’s kinda irrelevant.”

“Cool. I’m kinda burnt out on the election. Anything to get my mind off it.”

“Great!” Amy brought out her cellphone and typed something on it. “It’s a bit personal, though. I hope you’re okay with that.”

I was about to answer her when I got a text message. I clenched my jaw. Lain? Nope, it was from… Amy. I raised an eyebrow at her, but she silently gestured me to read it. The message said:

“*Jessica’s been awake for a while. Play along.*”

I looked up, nodded, and said:

“I mean, sure. Just as long as it’s nothing too personal.”

“No, it’s not that serious. It’s about Jessica…”

Jessica tensed up in her chair, but remained completely still. It was very discreet. I wouldn’t have noticed if Amy hadn’t told me she was awake. Jessica was definitely eavesdropping on us.

“I’m concerned about her” said Amy. “Jessica has a lot of strengths. She’s probably the smartest, most resourceful person I know.”

“She’s… okay, I guess.”

 “Unfortunately, interpersonal relationships aren’t really her thing.”

“Really? Could’ve fooled me.”

“Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, Emmett.”

“It’s better than not being witty at all.”

Amy arched an eyebrow.

I then said:

“Ok, so what’s this got to do with me?”

“Well, ever since you two started working together, she’s started to act differently. It just worries me. She’s more… aloof around the house, and uses any excuse to talk about you. Honestly, I think this whole election thing was just a contrived plot to get closer to you.”

“From the way you’re putting it, you’re almost making it sound like…”

“Like she’s in love with you? Yeah. That’s what I’m getting at.”

Jessica curled up as inconspicuously as she could.

I had to hold back my laughter when I said:

“But why? It doesn’t make any sense. We barely know each other.”

“She’s like that. Jessica has a very childish view of romance. Crushes quickly become obsessions for her.”

“You know, that does explain all the pictures she had of me in her computer.”

Jessica twitched. 

“Mhmm. That’s why I wanted to talk to you about it, before things went horribly wrong. She’s never had a boyfriend before because, under her harsh, introverted exterior, she’s really emotionally frail. One wrong word, and you can plunge her into a manic rage.”

“Geez. I mean, what do I do then? Am I just stuck with her?”

Amy smiled, forcing back her own laughter. “Look, I’m not gonna force you to be with her, I’m not that cruel. I just don’t wanna see my friend hurt. I’m the one that deals with the aftermath, you know? I can help you reject her gently, but it won’t be easy.”

“No.” I narrowed my eyes. “No, this is my responsibility. I can’t make it your problem.” I sighed. “I promise I’ll make her happy! I’ll just ask her to marry me!”

“Really?!? Yes! Of course! Oh god, I’m going to be a bridesmaid!” Amy waved around her hands with fake enthusiasm. “I’m so excited!”

Jessica made a low, guttural sound of dawning horror. 

“One thing, though. You mentioned she’s never had a boyfriend, right?”

“Yup.”

“Huh. Does that mean she’s still a virgin?”

“Totally. You can’t even bring up the topic of sex without making her-”

“YAMEROOOO!” Jessica jumped out of her chair, blushing like a tomato. Her hair was even more ruffled than before and a pool of dried saliva was encrusted on the corner of her mouth. “Y-you…”

We stared at Jessica with wide grins. 

Jessica narrowed her eyes.”Wait a second…”
 
Amy and I broke into a long fit of laughter. 

She then stomped her foot, crossed her arms, and said:

“It wasn’t even that funny…”

-------------------------------
-------------------------------

Apparently, Jessica had asked Amy to bring her a set of clothes, along with my backpack, which I had left in her house. Since I had changed there for the debate, I still had my previous set of clothes inside my bag. A great relief. I was worried I’d have to walk out with that uncomfortably tight shirt, under the sun. I went to the bathroom and got out of my hospital gown, and then Jessica did the same. 

She came out wearing a trendy denim jacket, with a beige tank top that displayed the Uchiha clan symbol and the words “Madara did nothing wrong” underneath it. A lock of hair on her right was weaved into a long braid that rested on her shoulder, while one particularly lengthy strand protruded from the top of her head, forming a curl that dangled above her face. I don’t think that last one was intentional, because she kept pressing it back to no avail.

It took a while to get cleared from the hospital, but by two in the afternoon I was already out. Still, the doctor felt uncomfortable with letting me go. He didn’t have a clue as to what happened to me, even after the brain scans, and the best explanation he could give was that I had panic attack because of all my stress. I didn’t mention my hallucination, though. I was pretty certain I’d be held even longer if I had revealed that. 

The three of us then walked on the concrete sidewalks, downhill, in silence. Each of us made a remark or observation once in awhile, but nothing substantial came from them. Xeistoria, as a whole, is a hell on Earth for transportation, so we weren’t in the best of moods. It is, after all, a large metropolitan city with a population of around five million people. Traffic during daytime is nearly static because of this. It’s also built on and around five big hills, with a circular valley in the middle that led into a flat field and the ocean. This meant that, sometimes, you had to hike up a few hills to get anywhere, or take the long route and walk around them. 

Fortunately, my apartment was nearby. Xeistoria Central Hospital was constructed on top of one of these hills, and my place was in a residential area near its base. I smiled when we got to the bottom, mindlessly heading left on a fork towards my apartment. As I waved goodbye to Jessica and Amy, I heard Jessica say:

“Emmett… where are you going?”

I turned around. “Home. I’m tired, hungry, and I want to get high. I’m skipping my last class today. I already missed every other one, so whatever.”

“But what about the meeting? We were supposed to talk to the football team’s captain today, remember?”

“Fuck. I completely forgot about that.” I shook my head. “Screw it. Tell him I’m still recovering or something. The university is two hills away and I am not in the mood to walk for that long.”

Jessica frowned. “I’m tired too, you know. Hell, at least you slept on a bed!”

“I don’t remember asking you to stay the night.”

Jessica scoffed. “That doesn’t matter! For the first time in the election, we have momentum in our favor. Think of how impressed he would be if he saw you today, knowing you were recently hospitalized. You’re wasting a big opportunity here!”

I looked at Amy, who said:

“She’s right, dude. It’d be a real pussy move to just quit for the day.”

I grimaced and turned around, walking towards my apartment. A pussy? Screw that. I will not be manipulated by such a weak argument. 

I then stopped, hung my head, and sighed. Unfortunately, they were right. The last thing I wanted to do was throw away my advantage. Considering all I went through last night, it’d be a waste if it was all for nothing. I faced them again and said:

“Alright, I’ll go.”

Cars kept speeding past us, honking their horns at random intervals. The sun was already past its zenith, hitting our backs, so the shadows were getting longer every minute. Slowly but surely, the streets filled up with students walking in the direction opposite to us. Like usual, I caught a few nasty glares along the way, but I was already used to them so it didn’t bother me. 

You could tell it was a friday afternoon. At the bottom of the hill where Xeistoria University rested, more than thirty different bars were open, with a respectable crowd inside each of them. It was… droll. The sun hadn’t even set yet and a lot of young people were already getting drunk. Is school life so demanding? I’ve always understood that people need a release from the mundane. After all, the concept of “bread and circus” has existed for millennia. It’s just that I couldn’t help but feel like there was something wrong if an entire demographic of people had a desperate need to numb themselves the minute they’re done with their responsibilities. Of course, I wasn’t really judging them or anything. I did it, too. It was just an observation.

After half an hour, we finally reached the second summit. The front gate of the university was built with sturdy red bricks and black iron, leading towards an open cement courtyard with a statue of a roaring lion at the center, the school mascot. I’d been walking up that slope for years and I still wasn’t used to it. I felt sweaty, miserable, and weak, with my stomach rumbling a bit from the lack of a solid meal. 

The worst part was that we still had a few miles to go before we got to our destination. Xeistoria’s campus is one of the biggest in the world, and we were heading towards the athletic facilities on the other side of the university. As much as I wanted to skip them, these meetings were incredibly important to my campaign. The football team itself wasn’t important; it was their rabid fanbase what mattered. Still, I don’t exactly know how a football player is qualified to tell people how to vote, but I wasn’t about to complain if it helped me.

The football stadium was big, with a max capacity of a hundred-thousand people. I was surprised by how well maintained it was. The yellow plastic seats were all pristine and the cement floors were almost white, probably because they’re powerwashed regularly. There was even a certain beauty to the field itself. The grass was a vivid green, with a healthy smell of vegetation wafting the air. In the middle of the field, the players practiced their drills. They weren’t really quiet about it. They shouted every other minute to pump themselves up, and it got a bit annoying after a few cycles. 

Jessica managed to get the attention of a certain player and beckoned him to come closer. He wasn’t the tallest or biggest guy there, but he still gave an intimidating presence. His nose was big and his forehead square, so he looked like he was always scowling, even if he really wasn’t. When he reached us, he didn’t just stand next to us; he towered above us. To the point where he casted a shadow over Amy, the smallest of our group. 

“Ahh reporter lady, I forgot you were coming!” The football player turned to me. “And you’re Emmett, right?” He shook my hand with a smile. “It’s nice to meet you. You mind if we talk here? I can’t really leave practice without my coach finding out.” 

“It’s no problem.” I smiled. “I assumed we’d be talking here anyways.”

“Emmett,” said Jessica, “this is Blake, captain of the football team. The team is on a busy schedule so we could only meet officially today.”

“Mind if we sit down?” said Blake. “I want to take advantage of this and rest for a bit.”

“Heh, I just came straight from the hospital so that sounds like music to my ears.”

The athlete's eyes widened. “I’d heard about that, but I thought it was a rumor. Shit man, you didn’t have to come. I know the rules say we can only meet during club hours, but I’m sure we could’ve made an exception or something.”

I waved my hand in denial. “It’s cool. I’m already here, right?”

We walked towards a metal bench on the side of the field. Jessica sat on my right and Blake on my left. Amy sat on Jessica’s right, but she immediately pulled out her cellphone and started browsing the internet, pretty much ignoring our conversation.

“So Blake,” said Jessica, “you already explained the situation to me, but I felt like you’d want to say it yourself to Emmett. Could you share what you told me with him?”

Blake shrugged. “Of course. I’m tired of this crap, and if he can fix this mess, I’m all ears.” He looked at me. “I know it sounds strange, but I don’t deal well with… arguments. I’m not good with words. I’ve never been, and I don’t think that’ll change soon. This politics stuff? Not my thing. Just give me a ball and tell me how to throw it. That’s all I’m good for.”

I then said:

“Fair enough. I mean, it takes a lot of humility to admit that, but don’t you think you’re being a little too hard on yourself?”

“Hell no. I’m a fucking idiot! I don’t even know why I’m the captain. Sure, I can throw the ball good, but that’s about it. Still, if even I can tell it’s wrong, then you know how fucked it really is.”

“I see. So what’s going on then?”

“It’s… the team.” Blake sighed. “Look, I love some of these guys. They’re like brothers to me. I’m not close with all of them, but we’re a team, damn it, and that means something to me, even if it makes me sound like a kid. Playoffs are soon and we’re more divided than ever. If things keep going like this we’re gonna be eliminated in the first round.”

“Okay, but how can I help here? I mean, I’m not against coaching you guys, but I’d have to learn the rules of football first.”

Blake wrinkled up in confusion. “No, that’s not-”

“Emmett’s joking.” Jessica rolled her eyes. “He’s just not very good at it.” She looked at me. “The reason Blake needs our help is because Tiffany’s people are messing with the team dynamic.”

“Oh, that makes sense.”

Blake nodded. “Yeah. I don’t know what’s gotten into them, but my teammates are acting like brainwashed zombies. It’s mindbending. A lot of them are really into these activist chicks. Seriously, over half the team has a girlfriend like this. Most of them are in the cheerleading club, so we see them regularly. And they keep vomiting the same arguments over and over again. Like, an hour ago, I literally had to hear a three-hundred pound lineman describe what ‘mansplaining’ is and why we needed to be more considerate when speaking to women.”

“Mansplaining?” I said. “What’s that?”

Jessica then said:

“It’s a feminist term for when a man explains to a woman how she should feel.”

“That’s a thing?”

“Apparently” said Blake. “Look, I don’t care about any of this crap. I just want to win, and if my team keeps arguing over what pronoun should be used for transgendered people, I think I’m gonna shoot myself. These guys are practically being forced to vote for Tiffany because they’re afraid their girlfriends will leave them. I’m losing control of my team!”

“I still don’t know what you want me to do. It’s not like I can just break them up.”

“That’s not it!” Blake bit his lip slightly, looked around, and leaned closer to me, lowering his voice. “The problem is that these chicks are now forcing their boyfriends to skip practice. I don’t care how they vote, but they said they’re boycotting playing until I agree to support Ethyris’ campaign. This is literally the worst time they could drop this on me. Hell, I’m not even mad about potentially losing. I’m angry that these guys could get kicked from the team because of this bullshit. They could even lose their scholarships.”

I nodded a few times. “I’d say I’m surprised, but it wouldn’t be the first time pussywhipping ruined a group.” 

“Aye,” said Amy, “just look at The Beatles.”

I then said:

“So you’re out for revenge now? Supporting me to mess with Tiffany?”

“What? No. If I come out in full support of you, I’m pretty much throwing away our playoff chances. There’s one thing we could do, though.”

“And that is…?”

“Win over the cheerleaders. They’re practicing now too, over at the gymnasium. A lot of them are in Tiffany’s camp, but their leader isn’t. This is just something they’re doing independently of their club. Their captain uhh, she kinda hates me, so I can’t ask her directly, but we both have something to gain if you can turn them.”

“Okay, that seems reasonable. I’m guessing you’ll officially back me if I solve this, right?”

“Definitely. I don’t know if there’s much you can do but,” he pointed at Jessica, “she told me you can be very convincing. Do we have a deal?”

He extended his hand and I shook it with strength. “Deal. Anything else?”

“Yeah,” said Blake, “one of them is called Rose. She’s the second in command there, but she’s also a militant Tiffany supporter. Keep an eye out for her. She probably won’t like it if you talk to Sarah, their president, without her being present.”

Amy jerked her head upwards. “Rose..? Brown-haired girl with freckles? Small figure and cute, perky tits?” 

Amy looked really worried, hunched over with somewhat clenched fists.

Blake nodded. “That’s her.”

“Fuck. She… might give us some trouble. A lot of trouble. Can we just skip this? Isn’t there anything else we can do?”

“You want to leave?” I smirked. “It’d be a real pussy move if you just quit now…”

Amy frowned. “This isn’t the same, okay?”

“Rose…” said Jessica, in a contemplative tone. “Rose… why does that name sound familiar?” She paused. “Oh. Ohhh.” She cracked a small, mischievous smile at Amy. “THAT Rose.” She chuckled. “Yeah, this’ll be good.”

“What?” I said. “She an old enemy or something?”

“No” said Amy, with a thousand-yard stare. “It’s worse. Rose is… my ex-girlfriend.”

------------------------------
> 
------------------------------The next monday, Jessica texted me early in the morning to let me know she arranged a meeting with the leaders of some big, undecided clubs, including Sarah and Blake. 

I wasn’t sure how to feel about that. On the one hand, it was useful to have her taking care of the logistical side of things. On the other, I didn’t like that she went ahead and did stuff without consulting me. Was I even that important to the campaign? I was just a posterboy for Jessica’s agenda. Everything would’ve played out the same if she had roped another guy into serving her needs. 

No. Of course I was important. The sleep deprivation was starting to affect my thought process.

I only got a few hours of uninterrupted rest during the entire weekend. Marijuana staved off the worst effects of the anxiety, with the cost of leaving me a useless vegetable for most of the day. I even missed a deadline for my blog and my fans freaked out, thinking Kaiser had been assassinated or arrested because of some sensitive information I promised last week. It took a lot of effort, but I managed to put out that fire before it spread much. Unfortunately, I wasted all of my mental capacity to achieve that, which left me with too little energy to properly work on the campaign.

My head had been foggy since the night Lain got back to me. I couldn’t shake off this constant, looming dread no matter how hard I tried. The thought that I could go to sleep and never wake up again was too terrifying to ignore. No, not just me. This whole world could disappear in the blink of an eye. The election, social justice, my dream of world domination; it all felt petty. Insignificant. What was I even fighting for?

Then there’s the whole Amy situation. I’d been pushing back intrusive thoughts about it all this time, and failing quite spectacularly at it. I just wished I could go back, do it better again, but I knew that was impossible. Was that petty too? Interpersonal drama between two people who acted more like high schoolers than adults? My logic told me yes, but my emotions didn’t care. I couldn’t stop thinking it was too convenient. An excuse to avoid personal reflection because, at the end of the day, no matter how hurtful it was to admit, Amy was justified in acting like she did. 

I didn’t have anything going for me. The only friend I had was also my rival in this election, and the two other people I’ve been hanging out with were only doing it out of personal gain. 

Maybe… maybe Emily was right all those years ago. 

Friendship, camaraderie, family. There’s nothing intrinsically valuable about it. The cold, ugly truth is that relationships are just circumstance and convenience. We fool ourselves into thinking otherwise because the alternative is too bleak to admit. People abandon each other all the time. No one will go out of their way to help someone if it makes them look or feel bad. It’s childish to believe or hope anything else.

I sighed loudly. 

The people sitting on the bench next to mine wrinkled their faces and left their spot. I didn’t blame them; I probably looked like a future school shooter from their perspective. I had bags under my eyes and my general demeanor was tense, hunched over with an involuntary scowl on my face. 

I waited for Jessica on a wooden bench under a tall and wide oak tree. It was in the middle of a small garden, walled off on three sides by faculty buildings, in front of the student center, where the meeting would take place. She told me to be here at noon, but I’d been there for twenty minutes and she still hadn’t shown up. 

My brain registered every surface like an oversaturated picture, belonging to a fever dream or a badly rendered videogame. Everything was bright, too bright. Colors stood out vividly to an uncomfortable degree, like toxic paint bloating into my reality, ready to swallow me whole. The grass reflected an almost unnatural sheen, dotted by white and yellow flowers and giant oak tree roots that protruded from the ground like the parasitic appendage of an eldritch abomination. It was nauseating.

This world wasn’t real. I knew that, but I still couldn’t accept it. 

Someone behind me tapped on my shoulder, jolting me out of my daze. 

It was Jessica.

“Hey Emmett, sorry I’m late, I was-” She narrowed her eyes with concern. “Are you feeling well? You don’t look so good.”

“Yeah, just bit tired.” I smiled. “I did a lot of damage control this weekend.”

“Ohh, the whole ‘Kaiser is dead’ thing? Right. I saw it. So what was up with that? Did something happen to you?”

“Nah, it just slipped my mind. People blew it all out of proportion.”

Jessica frowned and said:

“People wouldn’t have blown it out of proportion if you hadn’t promised something huge beforehand. You literally said ‘I might be killed for this’. I mean, come on...”

“I know, I know. It’s just- Can we stop talking about my screw ups? I don’t have the energy for our routine today.”

“Routine? What routine?”

“You know, the whole: ‘I say something, you get annoyed because of a triviality, I make it worse, and we argue until we’re both pissed.’ *That* routine.”

“What the hell are you talking about? I don’t get annoyed over trivialities.” Jessica folded her arms. “I fight you because you act like an idiot and provoke me!”

“See? You’re doing it now.”

“Am not!” 

Jessica stomped her feet as she finished her words. We shared a silence for a few seconds. She then relaxed her muscles and said:

“Oh my god… You’re right.” She looked away briefly. “Ok, let's agree to a truce. It’s not like we have Amy to reign us in anymore.”

“Perfect.” I nodded. “It’s a truce. Speaking of Amy… how is she?”

“I uhh… I wouldn’t know. She hasn’t been back to the house. Doesn’t pick up my calls either. I haven’t seen her since that Friday night.”

I widened my eyes. “What if something happened to her? Aren’t you worried?”

“Of course I am! But she can take care of herself. She’s probably staying with one of her bandmates, or some girl she picked up at a bar. She’s done this before.”

“Because you keep pissing her off?”

“No! She always disappears when she has a new fling.”

“Right. A likely story.”

Jessica scowled. “I thought we had a truce.”

“I… Sorry. My bad. I’m not in a good headspace right now.”

“It’s okay. I get it… I think. Let’s just get going.”

I stood up and we both started walking towards the student center. This is where every non-sports student organization had their club rooms. It was an old, five-story tall building made of weathered red bricks and gray mortar. A square clocktower rose through the center, supporting an old metal bell on its crest. The entrance was elevated by some short stairs, much like most buildings on campus. A thick cement railing funneled us upwards, wide at the bottom and narrower at the top. Several students lounged on this railing, chattering without a care in the world. They watched us for a moment and continued talking, though judging by their expressions I’m sure some of them recognized me. 

The lobby inside was incredibly vast. It always amazed me how lavish it felt. The cream marble tiles were waxed to a reflective polish and made our feet echo a dull clack whenever we took a step. A guard sat on a circular desk at the center of the room. It was between two giant staircases that led upwards and met at the top. He welcomed us with an apathetic stare, fiddling with his walkie-talkie once he lost interest in us. 

The two of us then went up the stairs in silence. You could tell we were both worried about this meeting. 

The soccer team, the robotics club, and the photography club were among the invited, but they weren’t our biggest concern. Not by a long shot. The gaming club’s president, an opinionated men’s rights activist, was going to be attending too. That made things more complicated than I needed them to be. I couldn’t afford to refuse his support, but Sarah isn’t going to tolerate any of his rhetoric, and if I can’t convince Sarah, I’ll lose Blake’s endorsement as well. 

Why was I even bothering with this? Over half of the school was already under Tiffany’s hypnosis. Sure, I had a glimmer of hope. She hadn’t targeted the clubs themselves because she focused on Shawn's voters, who were mostly unaffiliated students. These people wouldn’t normally care about school policy, or even vote, but their involvement made the voting pool significantly larger than in years past. This, in turn, lowered the influence the clubs had over the outcome, so even if I won them over, I still needed normal people’s votes to succeed. 

This didn’t mean the clubs were irrelevant. I couldn’t just ignore them. Winning with their support was incredibly hard, but winning without their support was straight up impossible. Of course, if I didn’t find a way to beat Tiffany’s spell, all of this rallying would be rendered pointless. No matter how much I asked Lain, I couldn’t find a workaround for the hypnosis.

Jessica looked at me and said:

“So… I was wondering… Could you give me a preview? You know, if you’re comfortable sharing.”

“A preview? Of what?”

“The Kaiser article! You hyped it up so much and then blue-balled the internet. Honestly, I’m kinda curious.”

“Oh, that whole thing? I’m still collecting the facts, so I don’t have the entire picture, but it has to do with a political powerplay over in Central Africa. A christian missionary suddenly rose to power by performing miracles and healing people, and he’s now leading a violent revolution ‘to reclaim the holy land’. Carving a path from the southern center of the continent and slowly destabilizing the entire region, executing non-believers, muslims, gays. Really horrible stuff.”

“Huh. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t want to write off what’s going on there, but I thought it’d be something juicier. This isn’t any different from what you usually post.”

“Trust me, it’s different. Don’t you find it strange that this isn’t being covered anywhere? It’s pretty big news.”

“I guess? News organizations don’t really care about Africa in general. There’s always a new warlord every other month so it gets old. But yeah, I agree, it’s kinda weird. Something extraordinary like this would normally get covered.”

“Well, here’s the reason why: it’s being suppressed by the American government. The missionary leading everything? He’s actually a rogue US asset. Former american citizen. The CIA trained him in the eighties and he broke his leash ten years ago. He’s known as the Mad Priest of the West because he used to be a catholic bishop. They used his missionary status as a cover for his black-ops.”

“Holy shit…”

“I know. The church excommunicated him when they found out, but it didn’t matter anymore. He already had enough influence to be independent of them.”

“Ok, I take it back. This is huge. It’s an international scandal! It doesn’t make sense, though. The CIA has plenty enemies within the US government itself. Even if they tried to suppress it, some powerful senators and judges would have a lot to gain from making the CIA look bad. Why is everyone so tight-lipped about this?”

“Convenience. Right now, the current media narrative is focused on mass immigration, especially from the middle east. The government always needs a bogeyman to herd the sheep. Communism, Islam, you know the drill. Having a christian extremist, and an american one at that, weakens this bogeyman, so everyone’s waiting to see how it plays out.”

“This is fucked up. You really might get killed over this.”

“Nah,” I chuckled, “that was just me being overdramatic. I have a lot of safety nets in place, just in case someone targets me. No one knows my identity yet. I know that as a fact. I’m pretty much untraceable through the internet and I’d be aware pretty quick if someone did find me.”

“Right.” Jessica smirked. “Just as long as you don’t forget to logout of the library.”

I frowned. “That was fluke, and I learned from my mistake. After that happened, I decided to run a test every day to confirm no one’s after me. It’s absolute; no one can know my identity without me being aware of it now.”

“That’s impossible, Emmett. You’re not omniscient.”

“Bitch I might be…”

Jessica grabbed my arm with surprising strength. It actually hurt. Her nails dug into my skin as her expression turned deadly serious. “Call me a bitch one more time. See how it works out for you.”

“Ok, ok, just let go.” I brushed off her grip. “Lesson learned.”

Jessica smiled and tilted her head in a confusingly adorable way. “Good.”

After we reached the fourth floor, Jessica and I walked down a long hallway full of oak doors until we got to the newspaper’s club room. It was wide, with a series of cheap desks lined up in three rows. The walls were covered with bulletin boards and framed news clippings of old Xeistoria Post issues. Other journalists were hunched over in groups around certain desks, gossiping with giggles and murmurs. Some looked up and gestured a greeting a Jessica, which she returned in kind. No one went out of their way to talk to her, though. They were too invested in their own conversations and our quick pace didn’t give them much opportunity to interrupt us. 

There were two doors at the back end of the room. One had a plaque that said ‘Editor in Chief’, but the other didn’t have a label. This was the conference room, where we were headed. The newspaper usually facilitated meetings in this room for the clubs with smaller accommodations since it was considered a somewhat neutral ground in this chaotic campus. 

The six factions waited for us inside, sitting around an oval-shaped table on black office chairs. Blake wore his Xeistoria letterman jacket, blue and yellow like the school’s official colors, and three hulking figures stood behind him with the same clothing. These were some of his teammates, I recognized them from before. Sarah had a pink blouse and gray yoga pants, with her blonde hair tied in a ponytail. She also had a posse of cheerleaders behind her, but Rose wasn’t with them. I wonder if she’s alright. 

Suzan Rivers, the moderator of the first debate and editor in chief of the paper, was there too. She sat between the two of them, with the soccer team and the photography club on the cheerleader’s side, and the robotics president sitting next to Blake and the gaming club. It seemed every president brought a retinue of club members with them. This felt more like a war conference between tribes than what it really was, a meeting over a simple student council election.

“You’re late” said Suzan, dryly.

“I know, I know,” said Jessica, “sorry. My class ran late.”

I pulled out a chair and sat between the gaming president, a frail looking guy with an eyebrow piercing, and the photography president, an unassuming man with shoulder-length brown hair. I then said:

“Good afternoon everyone, thanks for being here, and thank you Suzan, for lending us your room.”

Suzan smiled. “You’re very welcome.”

I nodded and continued:

“I don’t want to waste anyone’s time, I’m sure you all have things you’d rather be doing, so I’m just gonna jump into it. The purpose of this meeting is to address the very serious problem of Tiffany Ethyris, how her campaign is hurting our student culture, and how her methods are undermining your authority as representatives. My name is Emmett Wilfery, but I’m sure most of you are familiar with me. I’m in my junior year, studying in the department of natural sciences, and, currently, the only hope you guys have of retaining your voice in this university.”

The robotics president, a chubby girl with freckles and glasses, then said:

“That’s a rather exaggerated way of putting things. You just want our endorsement.” 

“Yeah” said the photography president. “Don’t paint yourself like a savior here, you don’t really care about any of our interests.”

A majority of the different club members surrounding the table nodded along in agreement, except for the gaming president, who said:

“Actually, I completely agree that these social justice whores need to be stopped. I’m just trying to decide whether I’ll gain more from Greenfield than from you.”

“Really Aaron?” said the robotics president. “Social justices whores? What are you? Thirteen?”

“Fuck off” replied Aaron. “If anyone’s childish, it’s those XSMG bitches.”

“A lot of those bitches,” said Sarah, “happen to be our teammates and friends.”

Aaron rolled his eyes. “It’s not my problem you have a shitty taste in friends.”

I slammed by fist on the desk and said:

“Keep the insults to a minimum. Bickering won’t solve anything.” 

Aaron widened his eyes and looked away.

I addressed the rest of the room:

“Yes, I’m aware that I’m doing this out of self-interest, but let's be real here, so is everyone else at this table. This still doesn’t change the fact that Tiffany is a real danger. Blake’s team is currently being held hostage by her underlings. They’re all members of Sarah’s cheerleading squad, and they’re deliberately going against their captain’s wishes to sabotage the football team’s playoff chances. Tiffany doesn’t have a problem with ordering your club members for you. She’s completely fine with ignoring your positions as leaders. She’s not even president yet and she’s already interfering with club policies. Do you really think this’ll get any better if she wins?”

Everyone stared quietly at each other until the soccer captain, a bearded guy with a buzzcut, said:

“I don’t see how this affects me or my team. If anything, it’d be hilarious to see the football jocks eliminated from playoffs.”

“Hey, screw you Elliot” said Blake. “We’ve worked our asses all year for this. Why the hate?”

“Hate?” said the soccer captain. “This isn’t hate; it’s schadenfreude. You meatbags are the university’s darling team. You get all the freaking funding! Meanwhile, me and my boys have to schedule our practices around yours because it’s the only field we have access to. Hell, we even have to pay for our own uniforms and shoes! I bet those fancy letterman jackets didn’t even cost you a cent.”

Blake scoffed. “If your team actually won anything, the college wouldn’t have a problem with funding you more.”

The soccer captain frowned and clenched his fist, but before he could utter a word, Sarah said to Blake:

“This is the same damn thing you always do. You belittle every other team because of your huge ego. How can you expect us to care about your problem if you don’t give a rat’s ass about ours?”

The robotics president nodded and said:

“I agree; Elliot’s right. This isn’t about simply winning. Our team’s won plenty of battle robot competitions, and we’re still using tools made twenty years ago regardless of how much we request an increase in budget.” She shook her head. “Those weren’t even bought for our club. They were soldering stations the engineering department was gonna throw away and our former president had to beg the administration to get them. The football team definitely gets special treatment from the university.”

“You’re all missing the point” said Suzan. “This isn’t about a sports tournament. It’s about Miss Ethyris going behind our backs to run *our* clubs *her* way. My best reporter nearly got kicked out of the newspaper because of this. I was pressured by a lot of people high up in the administration, and I had to basically demote her to keep those vultures away. Sure, it didn’t help that she insisted SJWs were mentally ill...” Jessica made herself look as small as possible. No one other than me noticed it. “...but I’m tired of compromising our journalistic integrity to please the sensibilities of students who are, quite frankly, addicted to outrage and choosing their own facts to feel superior.”

“She’s right,” said the photography president, “I had a similar situation a couple of months ago. One of our best photographers, a guy that’s already been published in National Geographic, had to quit the club due to the XSMG throwing a shitfit over one of his pictures. He even had to delete his instagram and twitter, everything online with his name on it, because of how much they harassed him. A young artists can’t make a living or build a portfolio without social media. When it comes to getting freelance work, internet presence is sometimes even more important than actual skill. His picture wasn’t even anything offensive. It was just a landscape shot of the docks that included some women attending the beach. He asked for permission and they were completely fine with it, because it added to the aesthetic appeal of the photo. That didn’t matter to the XSMG, though. In their opinion, those women were being objectified because of their bikinis. It didn’t matter if they gave consent. Apparently, they didn’t know any better because of internalized oppression, or something like that. It’s just ridiculous! How is my club supposed to groom future artists if they’re afraid of doing their craft?”

 Aaron leaned forward and said:

“You guys just don’t know how to run your own clubs. The minute a group of those chicks came crying to me, I just started playing hentai games on our wall-sized projector until they ran away in disgust. It got rid of all the roasties in my club, too, except for the most hardcore. *Those* are the women I respect. I’m actually grateful for Tiffany's interference because it helped root out all the fake gamer girls in my club. It really helped them know their place.”

“And what place is that, exactly?” said Suzan, a hint of irritation betraying her calm exterior.

“In the kitchen, with my dick in their mouth.” Aaron crossed his arms, leaning back in his chair. “I have no patience for manipulative cunts. And, you know, I get it. A young woman is worth way more to our society than a young man. Us guys are basically treated like we’re worthless until we hit our thirties, and you roasties get put on a pedestal by every desperate dude out there looking for a warm place to put their junk in. It’s not your fault. You’re raised into thinking the world is a much nicer place than it really is, and when you become hags, and lose your beauty, everything comes tumbling down. I’d pity you if you didn’t blatantly take advantage of men.”

All the women in the room were visibly disturbed, shifting their eyes between each other at a loss for words. The men were looking unsettled too, but more out of awkwardness than discomfort. The robotics president, Suzan, and Sarah had an intimidating aura of cold fury around them, but it was Jessica who broke the silence and said:

“You’re a real piece of shit.”

“Likewise, roastie. I bet you’ve never had a problem finding a guy. Men just drop at your feet whenever you ask them to, don’t they? You’re hot enough. Not gonna lie, I’d bang you if you had more cleavage." Aaron chortled. "Guys, back me up here. You can’t tell me it’s not bullshit how they’re always favored by everyone, and protected by the law. If a man wanted custody of his child after a divorce, he’d have to fight against all odds to acquire it. That simply isn't right.”

“Don’t bring us into this” said Blake. “I’m pretty sure that doesn't justify being a dick.”

“Of course it does!” shouted Aaron. “How many men are emasculated daily by harpies with a ‘holier than thou’ attitude? How many men get falsely accused of rape and suffer because of it? This happens because society keeps protecting these women and tells them they can get away with this crap. I won’t put up with it! I tell it like it is! Fuck. Emmett even got cucked by Tiffany and was branded a sexual deviant because everyone believed her words over his! No one even bothered to ask him what happened! He literally had to call her out in front of seven hundred people to have his voice heard. *That* was alpha as fuck and a victory for men everywhere.” He looked at me. “We need a red-pilled leader like you. It’s the only reason I’m even considering endorsing you over Shawn.”

Jessica remained still this whole time with a tightly clenched jaw. Her eyes were distant and vacant, fixed on Aaron. I’ve seen that look in other people before. I’ve actually had it myself. I’m not exaggerating when I say that it was the face of someone plotting a murder. 

“Well?” said Aaron. “Aren’t I right? You gonna say something or what?”

Cold sweat prickled the back of my neck. 

Emily appeared behind him, wearing her usual hospital gown and a pink cardigan. Her hair was frazzled and burnt from the chemo, and her skin even paler than Aaron’s. A shit-eating grin crept out of her mouth before she said:

“Go ahead Emmett. Say what you’re thinking.”

No.

Everyone kept staring at me, waiting for a response.

“Give in” said Emily. “Are you just gonna let him make you look bad? What the fuck did I teach you all those years ago? If you just swallow your pride and nod along, you’ll always be considered weak. These people want, no, they *need* a strong leader. Show them. Make an example out of him.”

I stood up, grabbed Aaron by his collar, and slammed him against the nearest wall. The soccer captain and Blake both stood up, but didn’t approach us. I then calmly said:

“Listen up, and listen well, you slimy bastard. The only reason I haven’t bashed your skull in is because there’s a room full of people that would stop me. Don’t you *dare* compare me to a scumbag like you. We’re *nothing* alike. I’m disgusted I even have to share the same air as you. Because of idiot man-children like you, spouting strawman arguments and 4chan memes, I’ve had to deal with the hate of an entire community of feminists because, surprise, surprise, shitheads like you keep giving them a reason to exist.” 

I kneed him in the stomach.

Aaron gasped for air, spitting out saliva.

I propped him up and whispered into his ear:

“If I had my way with you, no one would find your corpse. I guarantee it.” Everyone in the room started to gather behind me. I raised my voice. “You run your mouth because you think you can get away with it. You hide behind irony because you’re afraid of the truth. Women don’t dismiss you because of misandry. They just don’t value spineless cowards. Your hypocrisy is baffling. If you were strong enough to stop me from manhandling you like this, you’d probably be less frustrated with women and life in general. But you can’t. Because you’re *weak*. Because instead of owning up to your flaws, you shelter yourself with comforting opinions. Now, I’m fucking tired of being used by everyone around me, of making concessions for this election and being at the whim of every special interest group in this goddamned university. I’m not gonna put up with any bullshit anymore.” I sighed. “Now, I’m going to let you go, and I swear to God, if the next thing I hear from you is anything other than an apology to every woman in this room, I’ll shove my foot so far up your ass you’ll be tasting shoe polish for a whole week. Am I understood?”

“Y-yes.”

I slapped him. “I said I didn’t want to hear anything other than an apology. Am. I. Un-der-stood.”

Aaron nodded fervently. 

“Good.” 

I let go of him and wiped my hands on my shirt. Aaron then sheepishly approached the table, looked around, and said:

“Fuck you cunts. I’m not apologizing for telling the truth, even if you have this normie white-knighting for you.”

I lunged at Aaron, but Blake and one of his teammate held me back. Aaron sprinted out the door, dodging and weaving around everyone with ease. He then stopped near the exit of the newsroom, getting the attention of every journalist there and shouting:

“And fuck you too, Wilfery! You’re a goddamned cuck! Me and my club are voting for Greenfield! I highly encourage everyone to do the same!”

The other members of the gaming club left one by one after Aaron was gone, mostly staring at the floor and at literally anything other than me. One of them, though, did raise his head and mouthed me a quiet ‘sorry’ before leaving. Emily was gone, too. I guess my emotions were more stable now. I relaxed my muscles, signaling Blake and his friend to let me go. I then said:

“Look, I’m sure some of you aren’t comfortable with what I just did. To be completely honest, I’m not either. But in his case, people like him, they can’t really be solved. He’s too far gone. He’s no different from the social justice warriors we’re fighting against. He just spouts the same rhetoric over and over again because it’s easier than thinking for himself. I’m not gonna stand here and say I have the answer to every social injustice we have, but waging a cultural war through identity politics isn’t the way either. As long as we keep putting the needs of our groups before those of the entire university, Tiffany will keep playing us for fools. She wants this. Even if we don’t agree with her, it validates her views. We can’t keep playing by her rules. We’ll never beat her like this.”

“What about Shawn Greenfield?” said Sarah. “At least he doesn’t threaten people with physical harm.”

“If only you knew…”

“Knew what?” said the robotics president.

“Nothing” I replied. “Miss Rivers, I believe you have the results of the latest survey, right?”

“Uhh, yes,” said Suzan, “I do.”

“Could you share them?”

“I don’t see how that’s relevant.”

“Just… please?”

“Ok then.” Suzan pulled out a notepad and read from it. “Tiffany Ethyris is leading the polls with forty-two percent of the voting pool. Trailing behind is Shawn Greenfield, with thirty-eight percent, and you’re last with twenty percent. There’s some variance, though, so Shawn is leading in some projections. It really depends on the sample pool, and we don’t have the resources to do a better test.”

“That’s good enough, it proves my point.”

“Which is…?” said the soccer captain.

“That Shawn Greenfield doesn’t need you or your clubs. Tell me, at any point in this election, have you ever been approached by him?”

“Not really…” said the photography president.

Everyone else shook their heads in denial. I then said:

“That’s what I thought. It’s real simple. Shawn doesn’t care about you or your problems. At least, not enough to bother himself with them. I’ve known him for a long time, he’s like a brother to me, and like siblings, I know him better than anyone else. He’s only doing this because it’s a neat thing for him. He just thinks it would be cool to be president. His youtube channel is his only focus; that’s why he’s so moderate. He’s just an entertainer. He’s not gonna do anything that could piss off anyone too much on either side. Meanwhile, I’m slaving away and making enemies left and right to make you all get along. I’ve been scoffed at by almost every feminist in this campus, hospitalized, and threatened with expulsion over trumped up charges. Do you really think Shawn would go through all this trouble for your benefit? Of course he won’t! He’s almost in the lead solely on his overwhelming popularity! I’m not gonna lie. Things are bad. Really bad. Even if you all sponsor me, there’s a chance I’ll still lose. But this college is more polarized than any other time in its centuries-long history. The fissures between us grow larger every day, and the more we let them spread, the harder our common ground will crumble. Now, no matter what your opinion is of me, or anyone else in this room, either we heal these fissures together, as a group, or we fall as individuals. The choice is yours.”

At this point, most of the journalists gathered around us to listen. The presidents and captains remained quiet, silently going over every word I said. 

They seemed conflicted. I couldn't really read their expressions; it could go either way now. 

It was out of my control.

Suzan chuckled and said:

“I don’t know about you guys, but he just convinced me. I never really thought of it that way. Shawn’s too detached from student issues. He’s a senator’s son. He knows all about crafting an image. Everything he says sounds good on the surface, but he’s never delved too deeply into an issue without being forced to. We can’t trust him. He’s never shown his true self. Emmett, on the other hand, has been honest about his feelings from the start. He’s not bullshitting us. I don’t even care if he loses anymore. It’s a matter of integrity now. The Xeistoria Post will officially endorse Candidate Wilfery.”

“Yeah,” said the photography president, “count me in too. You’re a legit guy, even if you have some anger issues.”

“Anger issues?” said the robotics president. “I think he showed some serious restraint. I was about to lunge at that dickwad myself. If I had gotten my hands on him, I wouldn’t have even bothered speaking to him. I’d just beaten the shit out of him until he bled. I’m convinced too. We’re definitely endorsing you.”

“Heh,” said the soccer captain, “I was thinking the same thing. I’m glad you bullied that twerp a little. He shouldn’t be dishing out that kind of talk if he can’t back it up. If Tiffany Ethyris can mess with Blake’s team, nothing can stop her from messing with mine. The soccer team has your back.”

Everyone looked at Sarah, who was stoic and contemplative. She shuffled on her feet a little and said:

“I-I’m sorry. I just can’t do it. Even if agree with the reasoning, Emmett’s methods are…”

“Effective?” said Blake. “Come on Sarah. I respect sticking to your principles, but you’d have to be blind to not see that he’s the lesser of three evils here. I’d rather deal with the devil you know than risk bringing something even worse. Emmett’s managed to, not only come out of nowhere and rival the biggest contenders for the presidency, but get me, Elliot, and you in the same room, actually agreeing on things. That has never happened in the history of ever. I know we don’t see eye to eye, but I can’t really endorse Emmett without your help. Do you really think that any of this is fair?”

“He’s right,” said the soccer captain, “we’ve never even been in the same room for this long without it turning into a shouting match.”

“I…” Sarah swallowed and sighed. “Okay, Emmett, you win. I’m counting on you to keep our best interests in mind.”

I let out a big smile and said:

“I’ll do better than that, I promise.”


---------------------

>I couldn’t move. The intensity of my experience still lingered in my nervous system, making me sweat and twitch involuntarily. I chuckled, hiding my fear, and said:

“A new approach? Please. I already know your game, Tiffany. It’s just smoke and mirrors.”

Tiffany didn’t react, walking towards me at a relaxed pace. “You’re getting ahead of yourself.” She gently placed her index and thumb above and under my left eye, pulling the eyelids apart to keep the cornea exposed. “I haven’t even gotten serious yet.” 

She jabbed her fingernails deep into my eye socket.

I gasped, screaming afterwards. Warm blood ran down my cheek.

Tiffany pinched my eyeball, gouging it out of its frame. “You gain a tiny bit of psychic awareness, and suddenly you think you’ve won.”

I wanted to lean back or jerk my head around. My reflexes were at conflict with the paralysis, causing my abdomen to spasm and contort in an unsettling way.

“Smoke and mirrors?” Tiffany scoffed. “Don’t make me laugh. I’ve been doing this for more than a decade!” She slowly pulled out my eye, stretching my optic nerve a few inches away from my skull. “If your biggest fears weren’t enough to break you...”

Tiffany giggled and jerked my eye, snapping the optic nerve. 

I gaped in horror as she dangled it in front of me.

“...I’LL JUST GIVE YOU SOMETHING EVEN MORE HORRIFYING!” 

Tiffany shoved the eyeball into my mouth. She then pressed her palm under my jaw, tilting my head backwards. 

The eyeball rubbed against the roof of my mouth, squishing past my tounge with its slimy exterior. I fought the urge to swallow, gagging. Tiffany pressured me more. The eyeball fell down my throat, stopping in the middle of my esophagus. It was stuck. I tried hacking it up, but it wouldn’t budge. I hyperventilated. I couldn’t breathe anymore. The oxygen wasn’t getting into my lungs. My heart pounded faster and faster until every contraction felt like a stab in the chest. The only pain worse than that was the burning sensation of the empty eye socket.

And then I blinked. 

The pain was gone. I could see with my left eye, too. My heart raced, but it quickly settled into a more stable rhythm. Tiffany wasn’t even near me. She was looking out the window. Again. She then turned to me and said:

“You see, pain is just another stimulus. It doesn’t matter if you know it’s fake. The sensation is indistinguishable from the real thing. You. Can’t. Win.”

“N-no.” I was short of breath. “No chance in hell. I’m not giving up. I can’t. The athletes… Jessica… All I have to do is wait until one of them finds us.”

“Au contraire, mon’ami.” Tiffany sighed. “You haven’t thought this through yet.”

“What are you talking about? Of course I’ve thought it through. My guys have the strategic advantage. They’re bound to win eventually. It’s only a matter of how quickly and by how much of a margin.”

“No, no.” Tiffany shook her head. “You really haven’t. Tell me, how long has it been since you walked into this room?”

“Thirty minutes, give or take.” I smirked. “I don’t have to wait much longer.”

“And that’s where you’re wrong.” Tiffany smiled, walking towards me. “You see Emmett, you’ve only been here for ten seconds.”

A chill ran through my spine. “What...?” I looked at the wall clock. It hadn’t moved since I last saw it. “No…” 

“Yes. Time perception is just another cognitive function. I can control it like anything else in your brain.”

“It… it can’t be! This is just another trick! You’re only making me see the clock differently!”

“Maybe; maybe not.” Tiffany chuckled. “But then again, you did spend more than a week inside my illusion.”

My face fell. She was right. 

Tiffany then said:

“I can drag you through hell and back for a thousand years before a minute passes in real time. I’ll break your fingers one at a time, your skin will melt off and dangle from your bones, I’ll claw out your veins and rip them off like weeds, then I’ll reset the illusion and start all over again. Face it Emmett, you’re not getting out of this until you drop from the race.”

“You’re insane.”

Tiffany rolled her eyes. “Spare me, okay? You’re the crazy one here. Only a masochist would choose to oppose me.”

I shook my head. “J-just stop. Please.”

“Stop?” Tiffany opened a drawer and picked up a scalpel. “But this is just an illusion, Emmett. It’s not real. You’re not in any real danger. Can’t you just *choose* to not be hurt?”

I heard a distant helicopter outside. It got louder and louder until it got Tiffany’s attention. She turned around, widening her eyes, when suddenly all the windows shattered at the same time. A swat team of eight had rappelled and entered the lab, aiming their rifles at Tiffany. They wore tinted helmets that obscured their face, black kevlar vests, and radios on their waist.

One of the men, the leader I assumed, then shouted:

“On your knees Ethyris! Drop the weapon and close your eyes!”

Tiffany looked at me and back at the officer. She dropped the scalpel, running for the door. The entire swat team emptied their magazines on her. 

Tiffany fell on the floor, dead. 

I took a deep breath. I was free from the paralysis. The swat team leader walked up to me, put his hand on my shoulder, and said:

“It’s okay, son. It’s over now.”

“No! It isn’t! My friend… she’s dealing with another psycho on the second floor. You have to help her!”

The man nodded and grabbed his radio, clicking it. “This is squad three leader, we neutralized the hostile target on the sixth floor. Squad four, be on the lookout for another one on the second floor. There’s a civilian engaging it right now, so be careful.”

“Roger,” said a man on the radio, “we’re on our way.”

“Your friend is going to be just fine” said the officer. “No need to worry, about her.”

I sighed, smiling.

The officer then said:

“We’re not out of the woods yet. There’s still the issue of the afflicted students. We’re going to need your help fixing this, are you okay with that?”

“Y-yes! Anything!”

“Good.” Tiffany removed her helmet, smiling and whipping her hair around. “Drop from the race and let me win.”

I widened my eyes. “Y-you bitch!”

I couldn’t move anymore. Reality melted around me, twisting and turning until it reset to its original state. It was all an illusion. Tiffany then said:

“No need for insults. It’s your fault for buying into it. Really? A sudden appearence by a swat team? You didn’t think it was too good to be true?”

I grunted. “Fuck off.”

“Really Emmett, this just proves my point. Humans accept whatever truth is most convenient for them at the moment. You didn’t even question it!”

“So? I’ll just doubt everything until I win. I’m not falling for the same trick twice.”

“It doesn’t matter if you fall for it or not. I could torture you for days, give you a satisfying resolution, let you live a happy life for ten years, and then have you blink back here to start all over again. You will never be able to tell the difference. You want to doubt everything? Go ahead; do it. You're only making it easier for me to break you. Every happy moment from now on will be ruined by that doubt. You will never be able to accept your reality. Fear will always linger in the back of your mind, and when you’re most content, when you feel that you’ve finally left this night behind, I’ll bring you back to this place and remind you where you really are.”

“I’m… I’m still not-”

“The only way you’ll be able to know if you’re out of my illusion is if you give up. This isn’t a matter of proving yourself, or overcoming adversity through force of will. You’ve already lost. You just haven’t accepted it yet. And I’m a patient gal. I can wait.”

“Then I’ll keep living my life, even if it’s fake!”

Tiffany frowned. “It’s just a student council position… I don’t get why you’re so adamant about winning.”

“If it’s so unimportant, why don’t *you* drop out?!?”

“Because I have bigger plans than this! I *need* to win here!”

“Why?!?”

“Politics, Emmett! World domination! Don’t you get it? If someone wants to have a political career, they need to build up connections and demonstrate leadership skills as a young adult! You think the damn baby boomers are going to be around by the time I’m running for president? Of course not! The people I need to convince are in colleges like this one, all over the country. With all the media attention we’re getting, whoever wins the race will be famous nationwide!”

“You’re shitting me…”

“Call me crazy all you want, but history will prove me right! This is the single greatest opportunity of my life! I’m going to change the world all by myself if I have to! My power was *made* for this! With my vision, I’ll guide humanity into a new era of peace and prosperity, where all of the world’s negativity will be purged and positivity will reign supreme!”

“You shouldn’t have said that, Tiffany... You really shouldn’t have. Now I don’t have any other choice.”

Tiffany arched an eyebrow. “What are you talking about?”

“If that’s your true goal… If you really want to conquer humanity… then we were bound to clash eventually. I have to stop you right here and now!”

Tiffany wrinkled her nose. “Have you finally lost your mind? You can’t!”

“I will!” I cackled like a maniac. “By the end of the night, I’ll have you on your knees, and you’ll understand what a true ruler looks like!” I felt a swell of energy inside me. Power. “So yeah, go ahead and torture me all you want! It won't change the fact that I’ll endure everything you throw at me!”

I tensed my body as much as I could. Tiffany lowered her jaw in surprise. A flash of heat ran through my torso and up to my head, building up in my muscles and freeing me from the paralysis. 

I stood up.

“N-no!” Tiffany took a step back. “It can’t be! This is impossible!”

I took a step forward. “Deal with it.”

Tiffany pulled out a scalpel and stabbed forward. 

I slapped the scalpel out of her hand and drove my fist into her face.

Tiffany whined, lost her balance, and fell on the floor unconscious.

I leaned on a desk, catching my breath. The sudden burst of energy was gone and its departure left me disoriented. I needed to get out of here. Fast. It was clear that Tiffany couldn’t be reasoned with, and Jessica still needed my help with Claire. 

After a few steps, I recovered my composure, running down the hallway as fast as I could.

And then I blinked.

I looked around, confused. I was back in the microbiology lab, sitting on the stool paralyzed. 

I clenched my jaw. I’m an idiot. 

Tiffany walked in front of me, laughing until tears welled in her eyes. She then wiped them off with a finger and said:

“Oh god...” She chuckled a few more times. “I can’t believe you fell for that.” She giggled. “It’s so cliche!” She sighed, satisfied. “I’m not sure if I should be disapointed in you or grateful for the entertainment.”

I looked away.

“What’s the matter?” said Tiffany. “No vulgar comeback? No sarcastic quip? I thought you weren’t gonna fall for my tricks anymore. Didn’t you know better now?”

“Screw you… I… I’m still not surrendering.”

“Aww… You look so embarrassed!” Tiffany grabbed my right cheek affectionately. “No need to get like that. All things considered, you have guts, Emmett. I’ll give you that much. You didn’t even hesitate. You just punched me as soon as you could.” 

Tiffany spread her legs and sat on my lap, pressing her soft breasts against my chest. “It was pretty hot, actually.” 

“W-what are you doing?”

Tiffany wrapped her arms around my neck and whispered:

“It’s okay Emmett. You don’t have to resist it.”

“I don’t know what you-”

“You think I never noticed?” Tiffany subtly thrusted her hips, humping my crotch at a steady pace. “How you always looked down my cleavage when you thought I wasn’t looking. The restraint on your face whenever I touched you and smiled. I’m not blind, you know.” She nibbled on my earlobe. “I just didn’t mind.”

I… I got an erection.

“Oooh.” Tiffany grinned. “What’s this I feel?” She ran her hand down my torso until reaching my thigh, stroking the outline of my penis through my pants. “I bet you’re thrilled this is finally happening.”

I swallowed, avoiding her gaze.

“You so shy!” Tiffany giggled. “I didn’t expect you to act so bashful.” 

“I’m not falling for it three times in a row. It’s obvious this is just part of your hypnosis.”

“So what if it is?” Tiffany kissed my neck. “I still have to project my consciousness into the illusion whenever I’m talking to you. I’m just as here as you.” She undid my belt. “There’s better ways to mess with you. And you’re not even thinking of the upside.” She lowered my pants. “If it’s an illusion, it means I can give you the best sex of your life. No refractory period, no clean up, no consequences whatsoever...”

“This… this is too good. There’s a catch. I know it.”

“No catch, aside from the obvious.” Tiffany pulled out my dick and widened her eyes. “Whoa, it’s bigger than I imagined.”

I tensed up. “Tiffany, don’t do this. Please...”

“Emmett… you can’t lie right now, remember? Say you're not tempted. Say you want the presidency more than sleeping with me.”

“I… I can’t.”

“That’s what I thought.” Tiffany unzipped the back of her dress, folding her arms to stop her breast from falling out. “Now here’s the deal… I’ll give you everything you want, for as long as you like.” She grinned. “In exchange, you bring me Lucas and I’ll postpone the election until everyone’s recovered. You don’t even have to drop from the race. You’ll keep your pride, at the very least.”

I nodded slowly. “This is the best deal I’ve gotten during this whole mess...”

Tiffany kissed me on the lips, her tongue wrestling with mine. She then pulled away and said:

“And if you want to keep doing this after the election, I don’t have a problem with making you my new pet. Though I’ll have to work on your manners.”

I chuckled. “You’re getting ahead of yourself…” I took a deep breath. “And all I have to do is bring you Lucas? No strings attached?”

“Yup.”

“I… I can’t believe this is happening. Many would consider this a victory in and of itself…”

“It is, Emmett. Everyone wins.”

“...but I refuse.”

Tiffany frowned. “What?”

“I said I refuse. You’ll have to rape me if you want to get your kicks.”

“I’m… I’m throwing myself at you!” Tiffany scowled. “I can give you the greatest night of your life! More ecstasy you’ve ever experienced! Why the hell would you say no?!?”

I smiled. “Because one of my absolute favorite things to do in life is saying no to people who hold an advantage over me.” I spat on her face. “Or in other words, because fuck you, cunt, that’s why.”

Tiffany twitched an eye with a blank stare, wiping away the saliva with her hand. She then grit her teeth and said:

“Fine. You brought this on yourself.”

The ground shook violently as Tiffany stood up. 

Reality melted around me. The concrete walls morphed into a bloody pattern, intertwined with beating flesh and pulsing arteries, while animated strips of darker coloration flickered about, and a heavy heartbeat echoed around us. My surroundings closed in on me. A sea of androgynous faces emerged on every surface, opening their empty mouths and wailing in agony for a few seconds before disappearing and emerging over and over again. 

Tiffany brought out a scalpel again and tore off my dick. 

I shrieked until my throat became sore. 

Tiffany stabbed me in the abdomen and vivisected me for the next few hours, dumping my organs on the floor, all while keeping me conscious with her eyes. 

I wanted to vomit, but I didn’t have a stomach to empty.

I couldn’t stop the pain. It was all I could think about. It wouldn’t go away. 

It consumed me.

It was just an illusion.

PAIN PAIN PAIN

It’s not real. It’s not real.

**WHY DIDN’T SHE JUST KILL ME?!?**

It disappeared. I was normal again. And Tiffany was still by the window.

I felt small tremors in my muscles. They wanted wanted to writhe out of control but Tiffany’s paralysis kept them locked in place. The stress was literally tearing me apart.

“I don’t enjoy this.” Tiffany approached me again, sullen and low in tone. “I really don’t. I don’t hate you. I’m... I’m not angry at you! This… this just never happens to me. I don’t feel this way, Emmett. *Ever*.” 

“You could always just give up, you kn-”

Tiffany slapped me. “Shut the hell up.” Her eyes shimmered and locked my mouth in place. “I won’t let you get away with any of this. I’ll make you pay for this embarrassment a thousand times over. No one denies me, Emmet. NO ONE!” She grabbed my throat. “I AM THE CLOSEST THING TO PERFECTION THAT EXISTS ON THIS UNIVERSE. **I WILL SHAPE THE VERY COURSE OF HISTORY AND BECOME A LIVING GOD AMONG HUMANS!!!**”

Why couldn’t I get out of this? I knew I couldn’t give up, but what did I have to do to stop her? This was a battle of endurance now. An unmovable object against an unstoppable force. I hated her just as much as she hated me. Her anger and indignation was only rivaled by mine. She wasn’t comfortable doing this. Slowly but surely, she was getting more and more unhinged. I thought that if threw her of her game, if I rebuked everything she said, I could show her the error of her ways. 

*Am* I doing that? Or am I just padding my ego? Playing the role of a badass, like Emily said? Am I taunting her because it’s the only way I can rebel against her, or because I feel like I have to, for the reader? Or even worse, am I playing along because I’m enjoying the fact that she’s dropping her mask? Confirming the fact that she isn’t as perfect as she portrayed herself? That at the end of the day, she’s just as broken and power-hungry as me?

The more I saw her lose her sanity, the less I felt resentful or morally superior. I just felt bad. Sad. Underneath all the posturing and self-righteousness, Tiffany was just a troubled person making sense of the tragedies in her life. Just like Jessica. Just like me.

I came here to talk, but I fell right into Tiffany’s trap. Not the hypnosis. I knew it was a possibility when I came here. I’m referring to the trap of her logic. I’m only proving her right by acting so insulting. This doesn’t mean I’m willing to give up, or that she doesn’t deserve some sort of punishment for any of this, but to be honest, I haven’t once tried to see things from her perspective. It feels… wrong. She hasn’t given me that courtesy either, but still… that’s no excuse. 

Tiffany released my throat, took a few steps back, and breathed for a while, afterwards fixing her hair, her dress, and regaining her composure. She then said: 

“Stop looking at me like that. You don’t get to pity me. You’re nothing, you hear me? Nothing!”

I sighed and nodded.

Tiffany narrowed her eyes. “Is that your new angle? Acting pathetic and defeated?”

I shook my head.

“Speak” said Tiffany.

I had control over my mouth again, so I said:

“We’re getting nowhere, Tiffany. I’m not gonna give up, but I won’t provoke you anymore. I’m clearly harming you, and I don’t want to do that. Not anymore. Do with me what you wish.”

“This… this isn’t funny, Emmett. What are you trying?”

“Don’t you get it? You’re only hurting yourself the more you torture me. You see yourself as a good person, but the more you do this to me, the harder it is to maintain that self-image. That dissonance is why you’re suffering. I… I don’t agree with most of what you said, but I think I’m starting to understand you. You don’t hate me. Or the world. You just hate yourself, and you can’t bring yourself to admit it.”

“How… *dare you*...”

Bolts of purple energy crackled around her, rising in frequency and intensity until enveloping her entire body. It stung my skin the more it grew, looking like a translucent flame of dark light. It couldn’t be… her aura? 

Tiffany then said:

“You think you can psychoanalyse *me*? You think you can even *begin* to understand all I’ve been through?!?” Her energy rippled around the room, creating a small vortex of wind around her. “I’m… I’m going to destroy you. I will end your existence! I will cripple your mind!” She grabbed my face with one hand. “But first… I’m getting some answers out of you.” Her eyes flared. “How did you find out about my power?”

I clenched my jaw. 

“Answer me!” said Tiffany, compelling me to speak.

“S-someone told me.”

I then heard Emily whisper:

“Keep resisting her, Emmett. Just a little bit more.”

Tiffany increased the strength of her eyes tenfold. “Who told you?!?”
 
I could feel her energy invading my body, overcoming every ounce of willpower I could muster. All of my fear, anxiety, and anger flickered out for a moment, condensing into a tangible, emotional singularity. It started feeding itself with Tiffany’s energy, channeling all of it into my chest.

“Lain!” I shouted.

A sharp pain pierced my chest. 

The ball of energy grew inside me, tripling in size.

“That’s it!” shouted Emily. “I’m taking over!”

Tiffany scowled and said:

“Who. Is. Lain?”

A sudden stillness flooded my system.

My body trembled, contorted, and exploded with a powerful burst of dark energy that sent Tiffany flying across the room. 

The dark energy settled into a fine mist, hiding a silhouette inside it. 

Tiffany stood up, confused but unscathed. 

The mist slowly dissipated, revealing a small blonde girl with a hospital gown and a pink cardigan. 

Emily.

She was serious and focused, sporting a smug grin that betrayed her excitement. I gaped in awe. This could either be incredibly good or horrifyingly bad. Tiffany stared at Emily, at a loss for words. Could Tiffany see her? Emily then took a step forward, raised her fists, and beckoned Tiffany over with her fingers, readying for a fight.

---------
--------

>Tiffany made me sit on a stool while she walked to a window, inspecting the stadium battle. There was a clock on the wall opposite to me. It’s ticking was the only sound I heard for a while. The camera on the corner was busted. She probably destroyed it as a precaution. Tiffany then faced me before she said:

“This is absurd. Ridiculous. I should’ve won this election without any trouble. I’ve been building up support for years now, growing the XSMG with a strict hierarchy, painstakingly talking to thousands of people one at a time to make sure they were under my influence. All the planning, all the effort. Ruined.” Tiffany chuckled. “No one has ever pushed me this far. Somehow, you keep foiling everything I come up with. You even rallied an army to fight on your behalf and came up with an insane plot to kill us both if you failed! It disgusts me to say this… but I respect you.” She started pacing around the room, ranting to herself. “The fact that you didn’t immediately surrender after my hypnosis means that giving up goes against your moral code. That’s rare. Even rarer coming from an unremarkable person like you. People like that usually climb power structures easily, like your friend Shawn. But you… You were content being seen as an average student. Clever, but not a genius. Affable, but not charismatic. It’s hubris disguised as humility. You see yourself as superior to everyone you meet, but constantly hold back to avoid responsibility and undue attention. You even fooled me, before this whole election thing.” She shook her head wistfully. “A pity. You would’ve made a great ally. Your attitude, though, only makes sense if you had an ace up your sleeve. Something you don’t want anyone else knowing. A game changer. Which really makes me wonder… What are you hiding, Emmett Wilfery?” Her eyes intensified in brightness, tugging at my soul. “Speak the truth.”

I could breathe comfortably now. I had control over everything above my neck, but I still couldn’t move on my own. This was a troublesome question. Maybe I could dodge it by exploiting a loophole. I smacked my lips and said:

“That was too vague. I’m always hiding things, to the point where it constantly ruins my life. You’re gonna have to be more specific if you wanna get the truth out of me.”

I widened my eyes. I didn’t mean to say that much. It was like the words burst from my mouth of their own volition. Still, the fact that I didn’t mention Lain, Kaiser, or Emily’s death meant that I had some influence over my answers. 

Tiffany slowly approached me, leaning to the point where I could smell her jasmine perfume. She then playfully traced her index finger across my chest, saying:

“Now *that* is an interesting answer. It’s good to know that being truthful isn’t immoral for you. So tell me, who made you run in the election? Greenfield? Illus? Fisher?”

“Illus.”

“I figured. At first I thought you were colluding with Greenfield to beat me, but you were digging into his numbers too much for that to make sense. I’m guessing she blackmailed you, didn’t she? She seems to enjoy doing that.”

I clenched my jaw, nodding.

Tiffany chuckled. “The look on your face! It’s glorious! Whatever she’s blackmailing you with must be pretty spicy.” She patted my cheek. “Don’t worry, I won’t make you tell me everything.” She smiled. “For now.”

“Then what’s the point of all of this? Why the powerplay? You have me at your mercy. You didn’t even need eye contact! Why the fuck didn’t you control me as soon as you heard me outside?”

“I only need eye contact to rearrange your brain. You see, my power gives me absolute control over your neural pathways.” 

I swallowed, looking away.

“Ah, you get it then?” said Tiffany. “Your brain is basically clay for me to mold. I can stimulate any impulse, rearrange the pathways to activate under certain conditions, create any sensory experience I desire, etcetera, etcetera. One of the first things my mentor taught me was to always construct an alternative trigger for whenever I didn’t have eye contact. Unfortunately, I don’t have as much control over the hypnosis when using my voice so I have to go a bit over board.”

“I see… You couldn’t use it without giving away that you’re an esper, but since I already knew about your powers-”

“Exactly. Normally, I make the illusion as subtle as possible. I can mess with memories, but I can’t remove them entirely without causing brain damage, so it’s easier to just avoid revealing my powers. Why do you think you always followed my orders during our lab assignments? Don’t you find it strange that you never questioned it? You just accepted it and wrote it off as something you chose out of laziness. I don’t have that luxury without eye contact, but then again, I didn’t need it in this case.”

“But… why are you telling me all of this? To gloat?”

“Not entirely.” Tiffany leaned into my ear, whispering so close that I felt the moisture of her breath. “I said I respect you. At least, enough to let you know just how outclassed you truly are.”

“How considerate of you.”

Tiffany pulled back, giving me a stern look. “You’d be wise to accept my kindness, considering your position. You said you came to talk, so talk. I’m all ears.”

“Tiffany… you’re not an idiot. This isn’t right. None of it is. Have you *seen* the campus? All the people you’ve hypnotized are either suffering mental distress or terrorizing the school. And in some cases, both. If you keep this up, even if you win, you’ll only be the president of corpses and ashes.”

“Oh please.” Tiffany rolled her eyes. “Don’t be dramatic. It’s not as bad as you’re making it out to be.”

“You can’t seriously tell me that you’re doing the right thing, not when you’re manipulating, bullying, and intimidating anyone who doesn’t fit your neat mold.”

“I don’t *care* about your sensibilities; just like you don’t care about mine. You didn’t have a problem with making me out to be a slut; just like I didn’t have a problem with taking advantage of my social capital. There’s nothing unfair about any of this.”

“Are you listening to yourself? You literally built a campaign based on inclusiveness and justice. How can you say that without being a raging hypocrite?!?”

Tiffany scowled. “Justice is relative!” She threw up her arms. “It only exist in the context it’s created! Ethics and morals vary depending on whatever the current culture values. Good people die every day. Bad people get away with crimes all the time. Hell, the very definition of ‘good’ and ‘bad’ changes to whatever’s convenient at the moment. War is wrong; except when it’s patriotic. Genocide is horrible; except when it creates a nation. Money and possessions are superficial commodities, but you’re considered worthless without them. It’s all an illusion. A comfortable lie the sheep tell themselves to carry on with their lives. The only people who get what they want are those strong enough to look out for their own interests. That’s why people come together. Because there’s always more strength in numbers. This *has* to change, but it’s impossible to do it from the outside without throwing everything into anarchy. That’s why I’m working from within. I’m transcending the system!”

“No you’re not! Are you blind? By mantling the things you criticize, you’re perpetuating their existence. You call me arrogant, but the only one lacking humility here is you.”

Tiffany arched an eyebrow. “That’s just slave morality, Emmett. Humility and meekness are only valued because it’s convenient to keep it that way, for societal stability. The masses just accept these things as graceful because it makes them feel content with their inferiority. It sickens me that things are this way. Humanity is capable of so much more. Someone has to step in and become the change!” 

“And you’re that someone?” I scoffed. “Please, you’re just taking the easy way out. If you’ve truly transcended you wouldn’t have to hide your true self. Good and truth exist regardless of our opinions about them. People sacrifice themselves for others all the time. Altruism is an evolutionary tool that many animals have developed; not just humans. Justice isn’t a damn faerie tale. Sure, it’s temporary and always changing, like everything else in this universe, but, just like happiness, its fleeting nature doesn’t make it any less valuable.”

“Don’t disappoint me. You’re better than this. There is no absolute truth. There is no God. We’re all just here wandering the planet with no purpose or meaning. Humans are biological puppets following their programing, chasing the next dopamine hit to feel content with existing. Happiness? That’s the biggest lie we tell ourselves. It’s just the temporary cessation of suffering. It doesn’t exist on its own. You don’t eat because it makes you happy; you eat because you suffer and your brain rewards you to stop you from suffering. If you were satiated before you felt hunger, you would never eat! Every desire, every hope and wish we hold is fundamentally the same. Nothing will ever make you feel whole. It never ends!”

“Then why the hell are you even trying to win the election? You were already worshiped before you ran. You have power, looks, intelligence. What are you gaining from this?!?”

“That’s the point!” Tiffany’s hair grew unruly the more she shouted. Her raven mane absorbed her sweat, looking increasingly puffy and fuzzy. “I’m not doing this for personal gain! I’m the only damn candidate that cares about the greater good!”

“For fucks sake-”

“Don’t you dare say otherwise! I will *not* tolerate that! You’re only running because you’re being forced to! Greenfield’s only doing it to be more popular!”

“But you’re not being selfless! You just want control! You’re only interested in censoring opinions!”

“I’m not censoring self-expression; I’m creating a safer context for ideas to manifest! Do you have any idea how harmful a single concept can be? It was bad enough when humans killed each other over ideologies, but with the advent of the internet everything went to hell! Before, a bad idea only grew to the size of its isolated community. You nipped it at the bud and you were done. Now the errants are ripping humanity apart and we can’t do a single thing about it without getting called fascists! Do you have any idea how many people I’ve seen die? I’ve been fighting those monsters since I was ten years old! Most of my childhood friends have either been horribly mutilated or traumatized to the point where they can’t function!” 

“What the hell are you talking about?!?”

“Errants! It’s not complicated! How are you not following-” Tiffany widened her eyes. “Oh no.” She glanced away. “You don’t know, do you? How can you know about espers and not errants?”

“You mean those hallucinations? Sure, they’re convincing, but they’re only as harmful as you let them be.”

Tiffany rubbed her temples and said:

“I can’t believe this is happening. No, Emmett. You’re completely wrong. Some start as hallucinations, others don’t, but with enough psychic energy and negative emotion all of these concepts can gain influence over the physical world. These false entities have been growing alongside humanity since the dawn of time, manipulating and influencing our actions to sustain themselves. They’re the price of knowledge. The cost of our self-awareness. It used to be that information would be filtered from generation to generation. Ideas would clash with each other and only the strongest would survive.”

“That’s basic memetics, Tiffany. Everyone knows that.”

“Yes, but ever since the internet was created a gigantic output of ideas flooded the world. Everyone stays in their bubbles, afraid of challenging their own thoughts, growing these false-truths until they gain sentience. It killed memetic evolution! Now the collective unconscious is mentally ill! Everything goes! Nothing means anything anymore!”

“You have got to be kidding me… You’re the one advocating for safe spaces!”

“Because they’re necessary! These thoughts prey on the weak minded and do everything in their power to accrue as much energy as they can. School shootings, mass suicides, even terrorist attacks. They’re responsible for all these things and more. No one’s safe anymore. Only violent, hateful ideas can grow in this environment. If we don’t cultivate a positive space, we’ll be overrun by them soon enough.”

“I… I can’t accept this. These things aren’t real! They’re made up! I refuse to believe mankind is so defenseless. Free will exists! I know it for a fact! The only way these entities can wipe out humanity is if humans themselves choose to believe they will!”

“You’re being naive. People don’t choose their values. They’re imposed on by their culture, their parents, their environment. Choice is just another concept we made up.”

“You’re wrong!”

“Then prove it!”

“Your damn power proves it! You can’t just impose your will on people! You can’t force them to do anything they wouldn’t normally do!”

“Of course I can!” Tiffany stomped her foot. “Do you even realize how fragile most people’s moral codes are? I can make anyone do anything given the proper circumstances.”

“That’s just confirmation bias! Have you ever gone out of your way to find someone who didn’t bend to your whims? Of course you didn’t. That’s why I don’t believe a damn word you just said! Errants, monsters. The world can’t be like this! It just can’t.”

“Why?!?”

“You said it yourself, the internet can’t be controlled. This couldn’t have been kept a secret for so long. Why aren’t espers and errants common knowledge?!? Why doesn’t anyone know about this?!?”

“Because the few people who do know, know better than to spread it around. The knowledge of errants tends to attract them even more. Information and creativity give them strength. That’s why I’ve been assigned to this city, Emmett. With one of the top universities in the country, Xeistoria became a fertile ground for errants to run amok. Throughout history, institutions like governments and churches have been responsible for protecting society from harmful ideas. The inquisitions, the salem witch trials, they weren’t done by religious nutjobs. They were done by espers… Though they were called priests or mages depending on the time and place. Back then, demons were just as real as people believed them to be, which happened to be a lot.”

“This is too much to process… You can’t just tell me all of this and expect me to- Oh.” I chuckled. “I see now. So that’s why you’re going out of your way to do all of this.”

“Yes!” Tiffany genuinely smiled, relieved. “Do you finally see what I mean? I’m here to protect people; not control them. We don’t have to be enemies. Just give up and let me win. I’m the only one qualified to run this school. I’m the only reasonable option.”

“I wasn’t talking about that. I meant this whole act. You weren’t trying to have a philosophical debate with me. You don’t care about enlightening people. You just wanted to make it immoral for me to continue in the race. That way, your hypnosis would kick in and I would be compelled to surrender.” 

“N-no. What are you getting at?”

I grinned. “Nice try, but I’m not falling for it. Only an idiot would believe you.”

Tiffany frowned. “This isn’t funny. I wouldn’t lie about this.”

“Sure, just like you wouldn’t lie about being sexually harassed. Tell me, do you hypnotize yourself to believe your own lies, or does it just happen by accident?”

“I don’t *need* to lie this time. I don’t need to do any of this! I can just force you to give up!”

“Right. Sure you can.”

“Watch your words, Emmett. You don’t want to taunt me.”

“Oh no. How scary. I’m very intimidated right now.”

“A-are you being sarcastic?”

“Me? Sarcastic? I would never!”

Tiffany clenched her fist, tensed her shoulders, and took a deep breath. “You’ll regret running your mouth.” 

Her eyes shimmered again. The invisible force creeped into my body, squeezing the life out of me more than ever before. It was overwhelming. Choking me before I could do anything about it. 

And then it stopped. Tiffany looked at something behind me and said: 

“Did you take care of Illus?”

“Yeah,” said Claire, “she won’t be bothering anyone anymore.”

A flash of heat ran through my body. “You didn’t...”

Claire walked in front of me, standing next to Tiffany. She was covered in blood.

And none of it was hers. 

Claire shrugged and said:

“It was self-defense.”

“No one will believe you.”

Tiffany smiled. “I can be very convincing.”

“The cameras!” I said. “They’ll review them!”

“No they won’t” said Tiffany. “You think I don’t learn from my mistakes? The first thing I did when I walked into this building was disable most of them with Claire.”

“Y-you’re sociopaths! Monsters! How do you sleep at night?”

Tiffany looked away. “I don’t.”

“Good!” I shouted. “I hope it eats at you every second of your life.”

Tiffany sighed. “That enough. Claire, take him away.”

Claire lifted me over her shoulder. As she carried me out of the room, I desperately said:

“What are you gonna do? Kill me too?”

“No,” said Tiffany, “you’ll suffer more if you stay alive. I just need you gone for the duration of the election. You’re no threat to me.”

“I’ll come back, you cunt! I’ll fucking hunt you down if I have to!”

“Don’t say things you can’t back up. It makes you look pathetic.” Tiffany sent a pulse of energy. “Now go to sleep.”

I was knocked out.

----------------------
----------------------

Another unfamiliar ceiling. 

This time it was smooth cement overlapped by thick rusty support beams. An abandoned warehouse. The scent of sea salt permeated the air and I could hear waves in the distance if I really concentrated. I was near the docks. Daylight shone through broken windows at the top of the left wall, creating a long rectangle of light on the floor. My muscles weren’t frozen anymore, but I still couldn’t move. I was on a wooden chair. Tied by my abdomen, feet, and hands with metal chains that were held together by a bunch of locks. 

Did Tiffany already win? No. There had to be a way out of here. The story can’t just end here. Judging by the sun, it was early morning. There was still time. I scanned the room, looking for anything that could help me. This was a really big place. Discarded needles, piles of old newspapers, and shards of broken glass scattered all over, covered by a thin coat of dust and the occasional dead cockroach. No one’s been here in awhile. 

Pick the locks with a needle? It wouldn’t work. They were too thin and fragile. There had to be something else. My cellphone! I tried to feel it out, but it wasn't there. I sighed. Of course they took it away. I threw my weight around, rocking the chair back and forth until I managed to spin it in place. I needed to see what else was in this room. I widened my eyes. Jessica was face down on the floor about thirty feet away from me. 

“Jessica!” I shouted. “Wake up! We have to get out of here!”

No response. 

I bit my lower lip. Tiffany probably hypnotized her into sleeping. I woke up earlier than her because I’ve grown resistant to the effects. Only one option then. 

I tensed my muscles, leaned back, and jerked my body forward, hopping a few feet towards Jessica. It worked.

I did it a few more times. The chair landed maladroitly, but I managed to balance myself in time and kept it standing. I panted. I was halfway there. The wound on my bicep flared every time I moved, making it harder to summon more strength with each successive hop. I still kept going.

Two thirds of the way through, I fell flat on my face. The pain disoriented me. I needed a break. No, fuck that. Tiffany won’t wait while I rest. I grit my teeth and wriggled like a worm, dragging myself inch by inch through layers of grime and rat feces. Fifteen minutes later, I reached Jessica. I curved my neck over her shoulder, rolled her over, and said:

“Wake up. We have work to-”

Her eyes were open and lifeless. Unreactive. 

I shivered. 

Her throat had been carved out. 

The exposed cartilage was covered in coagulated blood, dead tissue, and skittering ants. I gagged, pushing down the contents of my stomach. Everything spun around me in a blurry haze. 

I jerked my head away from the corpse, throwing up vomit a few seconds later.

----------------------
----------------------

I wasn’t on the floor anymore. I managed to lift the chair upright, away from Jessica. It was night now, a whole day later. I still couldn’t bring myself to see the corpse. I tried to ignore it as much as I could, but the smell of decay now lingered in the air, constantly reminding me of what happened.

A small chitter brought me out of my daze. It subtle, but I could tell it was behind me. I turned around. A big rat crawled over Jessica’s body, sniffing her face. I then said:

“Hey! Stay away from her!”

It looked at me, tilting its head and swatting its long tail.

“Don’t you dare…” I said.

It gnawed on Jessica’s lips.

“DAMN IT.”

I tilted the chair, falling near them. 

The rat wasn’t fazed. It kept gorging on her flesh. I bit the rat by its tail and flung it away from the corpse. The rat shrieked and tumbled until recovering its footing. It then dashed at me and bit my nose. 

I screamed, smashing my forehead on its body. 

It paused, squirming. 

I then kept headbutting it, over and over again, stopping when its organs had been squished out of its body. 

I rolled over and sighed. My forehead pulsed. How did my life get like this? It’s all my fault.

No. Tiffany. Claire. They’re the ones responsible for this. I should’ve listened to Emily. If I had killed Claire when I had the chance, Jessica would still be alive. 

I’ll make them regret leaving me alive. Someone will find me. I won’t stay here forever. I’ll get out eventually, and when I do, there will be hell to pay. 

I’ll take away everything they hold precious and dear. 

I’ll ruin them! Their friends, their family, their sanity. I’ll destroy it all. I won’t rest until they suffer a million times more than Jessica did. Dogs will rape them through every orifice imaginable, and when they run out of holes to fuck, I’ll make more for them to use!  A Serbian Film will look like a children’s cartoon when compared to what I’ll do to them!

**THEIR LIFE WILL BE A WAKING NIGHTMARE. THEY’LL BEG ME TO KILL THEM JUST TO END THEIR SUFFERING, AND WHEN THEY DO, I’LL ONLY TORTURE THEM MORE.**

------------------------
------------------------

Five days passed. No one came. 

It rained violently outside. A veil of water entered through the broken windows when the winds got intense, showering me with cold water. I lost more heat by the second, to the point where I shook uncontrollably, but at least it dampened the horrible smell. Mine; not the corpse’s. I was forced to relieve myself eventually, so my pants were drenched in stale urine and dried crap. Add on to that all the sweat I produced over time, and you end up with a cocktail of nausea.

I’m pathetic. I sniffled. I failed in every way possible. 

I even gave up on protecting Jessica’s body. It was now covered in bite marks, flies, and maggots in every conceivable place. There were too many rats. I couldn’t kill them all. I ate one of them, though. The hunger… it drove me mad. After the third day I just caved in, devouring a rodent whole.

My throat locked up. I can’t believe I thought I would finally win. Why do I always have to lose when it’s important? Why can’t good things just happen to me?

The gang’s dead. Emily’s dead. Jessica’s dead.

All because of me. 

The lump on my throat grew irritating. 

It burned. 

This was the end. My bicep had gone from painful to swollen, inflated with red tissue and yellow puss. I ate a damn rat for nothing. The infection was going to kill me soon. 

I’m so sorry, Jessica. You were right, I abandoned you. 

I started crying.

It was all my fault.

--------------------
--------------------

The fever made me delirious. 

I couldn’t keep track of time. It couldn’t have been more than two days after the rain. I wouldn’t be alive otherwise. 

Jessica’s body was unrecognizable. It deteriorated to the point where it didn’t even look human anymore. 

Was it all a delusion? Was I really in a story, or did I just imagine all of that? It can’t stop here. I’m the protagonist. 

This is impossible. 

When will it end? I just want it to end.

Who am I kidding? I’m a terrible character. No one would get invested in someone like me. I can’t even win a freaking election. How am I supposed to rule the world like this? Why did I even choose such an impossible goal?

Maybe the reason I’m in this mess is because the readers just don’t care. I haven’t given them any reason to. Who the hell would enjoy being in my mind? 

I’m a self-loathing, sarcastic jackass that can’t go two pages without fucking up. 

How did I end up like this? I used to be a happy person. Incredibly confident. Not in the overcompensating way I am now. No, in a healthy, realistic way. I trusted people. I was honest. I believed the word was a good place. 

Everything just went to shit when I came to this city.

I’ll do anything. Please. Someone, anyone, help me. Track down the author. Force him to make me a better person. Make him help me. I could’ve done things so much more differently. This story would’ve been a thousand times better if I’d been a better character. But I’m stuck like this. I can’t change. No matter how hard I try, I can’t change. I always end up making things worse for myself. No, I’m being self-centered. I make things worse for everyone around me, not just me.

 I don’t mind dying. I just don’t want to lose. Not like this.

“You won’t die” said Emily. “The universe isn’t that kind.”

“Not you.” My voice was coarse and weak. “Anyone but you, please.”

“This is what you get for trying to be a good guy. Admit it. You were born to be a villain. You could’ve had immense wealth, power, respect, but you just had to kill me, didn’t you?”

“What was I supposed to do?!? Throw away my humanity? Turn into a monster like *you*?!?”

“Tough words coming from a guy drenched in shit.”

“At least I’m not dead!”

“Oooh, nice burn. Very clever. You’re a really cool guy, Emmett. Choking a seventeen year-old cancer patient and everything. I can picture the reader wanting to be just as badass as you.”

“Fuck off.”

“I would, but I’m stuck here with you.”

I looked away. We both stayed silent for a while. Emily then said:

“I can help you, you know.”

I blinked. “What?”

“I said I can help you. Your problem is that you haven’t accepted that this isn’t real. Not truly. You have to embrace the impossibility of this scenario.”

“Screw you! Of course I know this is fake! I have a goddamn magic number! I confronted a psychic lunatic! You’re supposed to be fucking dead! My whole life has been a series of increasingly absurd events! None of this makes any sense!”

“Emmett, dear, I’m in your head. I know what I’m talking about, and you don’t seem to understand.”

“Why do you want to help me, anyways? You couldn’t even help yourself!”

“You’re not wrong, but then again, supposing I have the key to your chains, why would your lock and my lock be the same?”

I sighed. 

Emily disappeared.

-----------------------------
-----------------------------

I’d grown too weak for thoughts. I could barely support the weight of my head. I nodded off into a vague dream-like state, drifting in and out of consciousness every few seconds. I fell deeper and deeper into this weird state until I remained more on it than not. 

Everything was blurry. 

My desires, personality traits, even my own identity slowly dissolved. I didn’t know where I was anymore. I didn’t care.

I was just… being. 

It felt good. No, not good. It was something I couldn’t label, beyond description. Peace. Oneness. Equanimity. I could stay like this forever.

This was my fate. 

The doors slammed open. 

I jolted awake. 

A tall silhouette stood at the doorway. 

Shawn?

“Yes!” I shouted. “Finally! Thank god you found me!”

He walked towards me. Silent.

“I’ve been stuck here for a week! Or has it been longer? I… I kinda lost track of time.” I shook my head. “Whatever. It doesn’t matter. T-they killed Jessica! We have to stop them! I hope you brought something that can cut metal.”

Shawn stopped in front of me, looked at the corpse, and said:

“I know.”

“Wait, did Tiffany confess? Is that how you found me?”

“No, Emmett. I figured it out. I *know*.”

“W-what?”

“Cut the crap. Just confess.”

“I don’t know what you’re talk-”

Shawn punched me. “Don’t lie to me!” He punched me again. “You killed her you bastard!” He kicked me in the chest, knocking my chair over. “You think I’m here to save you? After what you did to Emily?” He crouched over me, sitting on my body, and wailed on me with no end in sight. “You’re lucky I don’t kill you right now! You’re lucky I don’t drag you out by your hair and sell you into slavery!”

Shawn stopped, glaring with labored breathing. “You were never my friend, were you?”

I spat out a loose tooth. “N-no! I *am* your friend! L-let me explain!”

“Bullshit!” Shawn grabbed my throat with both hands. “My sister trusted you! She loved you!” He squeezed tight. “I cried in front of you at the funeral. But you were laughing at me this whole time, weren’t you?”  

“I wasn’t!” I cried. “I’m sorry, but I had to do it.” I wept. “I didn’t have any other choice!”

“There’s always a choice!” Shawn pulled on my neck back and forth, smashing my skull against the pavement. “You’re always spouting that line!” He started choking me. “Were you lying about that too?”

“No, it’s just-”

“It’s just what?!?”

“She didn’t give a shit about anyone! She killed them all, Shawn. She was playing you that whole time. Tristan, Jane, Rob, everyone! She tried to kill you too! She would’ve murdered a thousand people if I hadn’t stopped her.”

Shawn widened his eyes, standing up. “What...?” He frowned. “How… how dare you?” He kicked me. “You’d stoop this low? Are you literally incapable of telling the truth?!? How much of a fucking idiot do you think I am?!?”

“I’m not lying!” I was a mess. I couldn’t stop the tears from flowing. “There hasn’t been a day go by where I haven’t tortured myself for doing it.”

“Then why couldn’t you do what any decent person would do and just kill yourself?!?”

“BECAUSE I DON’T REGRET IT!” I looked away. “T-this is the first time I’ve ever admitted it, even to myself, but it’s what I’ve always felt. And you know what? I would’ve killed your dad too, if I had the chance at the time. I’ve grown past that now, but you wanted the truth, right? Well there you go. You’re the only decent person in your family. You’re better than them. Hell, you’re better than me. You didn’t deserve all the shit you went through. I don’t know how you’re still so happy. So upbeat. I’ve always admired you for it. I’m… I’m sorry. I really am. I know this doesn’t even begin to make up for what I did, but you have to believe me.”

“I wish I could.”

Shawn unleashed a flurry of punches and dragged me all over the floor, venting all of his frustrations and rage. I’d never seen him so livid. He didn’t seem interested in anything I had to say. My words only made him angrier. How did he even get here? Did Tiffany get caught? The blood in my mouth made it hard to breathe. I wouldn’t last much longer.

Embrace the impossibility. 

But how?

Accept that this isn’t real.

If it isn’t, then what is?

Shawn kicked me again.

I widened my eyes. 

Shawn’s leg.

That’s it. Emily was being more literal than I imagined. That fucking bitch. It should’ve taken him months to heal it. I’ve only been here for little more than a week. It’s impossible! This whole scenario is impossible!

None of this was real! I was under TIffany’s hypnosis!

Reality dissolved around me, cracking like a broken mirror and shattering into a million pieces.

I blinked a few times and sighed. I was back at the microbiology lab, sitting on the stool, recovered from how I looked in the illusion. My senses were overwhelmed. My body felt like garbage even though I was safe.

Tiffany stood at the windows, still looking over the fight. She winced, seemingly detecting my presence, and said:

“So you broke out, huh?”

"Is that the best you got?" I smiled. “It’s gonna take more than that to defeat me.”

“I agree.” Tiffany turned to me, her eyes glowing brighter than ever before. “I’ll have to take a different approach, then."


-------------
------------

>As Jessica prepared the tea, she and I updated Amy on everything that happened while she was gone. Well, not everything. We omitted Jessica’s arson, my hallucinations, and our violent argument. I wasn’t sure if Jessica wanted me to keep quiet about it, but the worried look she gave me when Amy turned her back told me to keep my mouth shut. We also didn’t say anything about the Kaiser plan, for obvious reasons. 

After Jessica finished brewing the tea, we sat around the dinner table and nursed our drinks in silence. The tea was amber colored, with a strong, sweet smell that stinged a little. It was obvious Amy felt hesitant to share her side of the story. She didn’t look up from her cup the entire time Jessica and I stared at her. The weight of our expectations grew until Amy took a sip of her tea, squinted in pain, and placed it on the table again. She then said:

“It’s still too hot.” She clacked her tongue searching for an aftertaste. “Vanilla spice?”

“Yup” said Jessica. “I bought it yesterday.”

“Neat. I like it.”

Amy went back to gazing into her tea. I then said:

“Amy, whatever it is you want to say will only get harder to share the longer you wait. Just rip off the bandaid.”

“I know, I know. It’s just hard, okay?” Amy sighed. “Fine. I’ll rip it off. Like I said, I basically cheated on Rose and ruined her ability to be intimate with anyone else. We were both freshman when we met, and I… well, I was really different from who I am now.”

“You thought you were straight?” I said.

“No, nothing like that” said Amy. “I’ve liked women since I was fourteen. The problem was that in my small town, there weren’t any people my age I could really… date. Of course, you know, like most teenagers, I just thought it was because I was hideous, undesirable, and destined to be alone. I couldn’t connect with anyone without developing a crush on my straight female friends or having my male friends develop crushes on me.” Amy sipped her tea. “Ooh that’s nice. Anyways, Rose was my first serious girlfriend. And it was great. For a year. When I quit playing cello, dyed my hair, and started my band, Rose didn’t particularly approve. She still supported me and really pushed me to be happy, but it strained our relationship. I was so busy with the band that we didn’t get much private time for just the two of us. We started arguing. A lot. Eventually it evolved into resentment for each other, but we were too stubborn to give up on the relationship. It felt like an ironic punishment. I was finally connecting with hundreds of people and I finally had someone to love, but I felt more alone than ever… and then tons of groupies began to follow my band’s performances, and, well, you can assume the rest. I cheated on Rose twenty times before I got caught…” She looked away, pained. “...and then one more time before we broke up.” 

“I didn’t know…” said Jessica. “You just told me you broke up with her because she was a stick in the mud.”

Amy shook her head. “That’s what I thought back then too. I’ve always avoided looking at our relationship objectively because… it made me look like a shit person. And I guess I can admit it now. I treated her horribly. Having it all thrown at me in the gymnasium made me face my mistakes and own up to them. It’s just that… fuck, that feeling of being lusted after by dozens at any given night. It’s ecstasy. Sex is great, of course, but any orgasm I get is nothing compared to the high I get when I’m flirting with different women. I live for that validation. Know what I mean, Emmett?”

I didn’t. I’d only had one girlfriend before, if you could even call her that, and it was an incredibly dysfunctional relationship. I’ve always been horrible at flirting so I hadn’t done much of it. I wasn’t about to admit that, though. I nodded sheepishly and said:

“Heh. Yeah. Totally.”

Jessica rolled her eyes. “Yare yare daze.”

Amy raised an eyebrow. “Come again?”

“Nothing,” Jessica narrowed her eyes at me and then looked back at Amy, “just some random japanese.”

“Weird...” said Amy, “but whatever. After I left you guys, I had a long weekend of debauchery. Drugs, alcohol, you know the drill. Then, at a gig I played yesterday, I met a certain lady that really helped me think things through and she convinced me to apologize to you guys. So… yeah. Emmett, Jessica, I’m sorry. I blew up on you guys without you really deserving it. I hope you can forgive me.”

I then said:

“You don’t need to apologize. We’ve been acting like asholes this entire time and we needed your perspective. It woke us up to the fact that we weren’t any better than Tiffany. Thanks for that.”

“Yeah,” said Jessica, “I’m the one who should be apologizing. You’re my best friend, and I put you in that situation without considering your feelings. I’m really sorry. I’ll do anything to make it up for you. I feel so bad right now.”

“It’s okay.“ Amy smiled. “Thanks. I don’t even know why I was so anxious about apologizing. But enough of that! We have something more important to discuss.” She gulped down the rest of her drink. “We need to buy more of this tea. I freaking love it.” She dried her mouth with the back of her hand. “So, the girl I stayed with just so happens to be called Megan Hearth. Sound familiar?”

I shook my head, but Jessica widened her eyes and said:

“You didn’t…”

Amy smirked.

“By the nine,” said Jessica, “you did!” 

“I’m lost here…” I said. “What’s going on?”

“Megan’s the head of the university’s music club!”

“Isn’t that a conglomerate of different bands? How can there be one head for all of them?” 

“It’s just like the XSMG” said Jessica. “It’s bunch of small clubs that share the same budget, so they choose one representative.”

“Yup” said Amy. “Back at Meg’s apartment, I saw how Shawn was dominating you guys and got very mopey. Megan noticed, so I just came clean about everything that happened. My cheating. My anger with you guys. And after a bit of sweet talking, she convinced me to make up with you, and I convinced her to sponsor Emmett.”

“You’re shitting me.” I looked at Jessica. “Does this pull us ahead of Tiffany?”

“No… It certainly puts a dent in her numbers, but their endorsement wouldn’t be enough.”

“Oh… well fuck.”

“You don’t get it,” said Jessica, “this is still great news! You’re in the running again! We haven’t passed Tiffany, but your numbers should be rivaling hers now.”

I frowned and said:

“This is going too well. What’s the catch?”

“No catch” said Amy. “Megan just thinks you’re the best candidate after I defended you.”

“Huh… this feels weird… but I’ll take it! Amy… I’m your debt. No, that’s an understatement. When I rule the world, I’ll give you any small nation you want.” 

Amy laughed. “Right. That’ll be the day. I don’t need land or riches, just make sure you give ‘em hell!”

“That’s the plan” I said.

“Fuck yeah!” said Jessica.

I finished my tea and stood up. I then waved goodbye as I said:

“Welp, it’s getting really late. I need to get going now or I’ll collapse on my way home. I’ll see ya when I see ya.”

Before I could leave the room, Jessica grabbed my wrist and gently tugged on it. 

“Wait,” she said, “you can’t just go. Stay the night with me.” 

“Say what?”

“U-us!” Jessica blushed. “I meant to say us. We have plenty of room here.”

“But why…?”

“Because…” Jessica looked at Amy, who was staring at our conversation intently. “...because it’s safer that way. If Tiffany’s people are looking for you, going back to your apartment is the stupidest thing you could do. If I were you, I wouldn’t even go to your classes until the election ended.” She then dragged me to the hallway and lowered her voice so Amy couldn’t hear us. “I also don’t feel comfortable with leaving you alone. If you’re hallucinating, there’s no telling when you’ll have another episode. I can help you.”

I lowered my voice and replied:

“I’m not insane, Jessica. I just need to sleep. My brain is running on empty, nothing else.”

“And what are you gonna do when you wake up? Are you just gonna get high again?”

I looked away. “That’s not…”

“Emmett…”

“Maybe.”

Jessica sighed. “I won’t fight whatever answer you give me, so think this carefully. If you wanted to, could you stay sober until thursday?”

I hesitated for a moment, but said:

“Of course I could. It’s weed, not heroin. I don’t have a problem. I’ve just been under a lot of stress lately.”

“You’re not being very convincing here… The stress won’t go away until this ends. In fact, it’ll only get worse if you’re isolated. I shouldn’t have to tell you this. You *know* it.”

I sighed. Jessica then said:

“Come on, it’ll be fun. Shoot the shit with us for a few days. It’ll take the edge off without needing weed. We can watch movies, go over our plan of attack, just chill before the big day.”

“Look Jessica, I get where you’re coming from, and, to a certain extent, you’re right. But I can handle this. You’re worrying too much.”

“Then just stay to make me feel less anxious!” Jessica clasped my hand with both of hers. “Please, don’t make me beg.”

I stayed silent. Jessica’s hands felt warm and soft, gripping me gently, but with a hint of desperation. She quivered her lips into an involuntary pout, lowering her jaw slightly with concern. The more I remained quiet, the harder it was to say no. It would hurt her. If I left, the guilt would eat me up before I got home. 

I nodded and said:

“Fine. I’ll stay, but first, I need a few things from my apartment.”

Jessica smiled with an unexpected burst of happiness and said:

“Perfect! We’ll take my car.”


----------------
>I hadn’t felt this awkward in years. I was certain no one else noticed it as we made our way to the gymnasium, but that didn’t lessen my discomfort one bit. Sure, it made total sense in hindsight, but how was I supposed to know Amy was a lesbian? 

I just bit my tongue and went along with it because Amy and Jessica acted so nonchalant about it. Was I supposed to assume it? Or did they just forget to mention it? Whatever. I didn’t care. It may have taken me by surprise, but there was no way in hell I would ever admit that. It’s not that I think Amy would be mad at me. I really doubt that. It’s more that I’m incredibly sure they wouldn't stop teasing me about it if I ever confessed my ignorance. 

The gymnasium entrance was elevated by a wide and short stairway, with six different glass doors tinted black like powerless television screens. It was a tall, rectangular building, though not as big as the football stadium. When we reached the doors, Amy whined and said:

“Do we really have to do this? Aren’t there any other clubs we could talk to?”

“Listen,” said Jessica, “you don’t have to tag along. Just wait outside while we finish.”

Amy looked thoughtful for a moment. “So you’re just gonna leave me here? With nothing to do? No thanks. I’d rather just walk home.”

“But Amy… It’s getting dark, and I don’t want to walk home alone. You know how I get. You’re making a big deal out of this. Maybe Rose is over your break up.”

“I’m not seeing her, okay? Last time I saw her, I was playing on stage in a bar and she threw a half-empty can of beer at me. I can guarantee she’s not over it.” Amy looked at me. “Come on man, don’t do me like this. Isn’t there an alternative here?”

I shook my head. “This is a great opportunity for me. If I can convince these cheerleaders, I’m guaranteed two clubs for the price of one, including the biggest one on campus.” I looked at Jessica. “Why can’t she just leave? Are you that scared of walking alone?”

Jessica tensed her cheeks. “No! It’s just that… I got mugged once on my way home, and now I get panic attacks if I walk alone at night.”

“She tried it once,” said Amy, “but ended up curled behind a dumpster before I found her.” She slumped. “I… Okay. It probably won’t be as bad as I’m expecting. We’re in public, and Rose was drunk when she threw the can at me… Maybe she’ll act like an adult. Right?”

I was about to say no, but Jessica told me with her gaze to agree with Amy. I then said:

“Suuuuure. It can’t be that bad.”

“That wasn’t very reassuring” said Amy.

“Whatever,” said Jessica, “just come please?” Amy hesitated, but eventually nodded, so Jessica continued speaking. “Anyways, Emmett, we need a plan of attack here. Do you already have something in mind?”

“Not really.” I ran my fingers through my hair, looking at the orange-tinted sky. “This is gonna be tricky. Blake mentioned Rose would never let us speak with Sarah alone. I can’t really see any situation in which we mention Tiffany’s influence without Rose interjecting. The only way I see us winning over Sarah is if we separate her from Rose. The question is… How?”

Jessica placed her hand on her chin, deep in thought. “Yeah. I agree. We need to focus on separating them. Hey, Amy, you knew Rose pretty well, right? Any ideas?”

“Nothing comes to mind.” Amy clacked her tongue. “Well, actually, there might be something, but I don’t know how you’d pull it off. Rose wears her heart on her sleeve. It’s kinda why I’m nervous about seeing her. If you can make Rose look bad in front of her captain without being obvious about it, you might be able to win her over.”

“Okay…” I said, “I’m liking this. Sounds like a plan. And yet…”

“And yet?” said Jessica.

“I feel woefully unprepared.”

Jessica laughed. “Then suck it up. This is supposed to be your specialty, remember?”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah.” I waved her off.

With that settled, we entered the gymnasium. It was cold inside, so a refreshing air traced our skin as our bodies adjusted to the change in temperature. We were quickly welcomed by a bunch of shouts, which caused Amy to wince. They weren’t meant for us, though. It was just the cheerleaders practicing their drills with their own clever mnemonics. I quickly found the high-pitched sounds irritating, just like with the football players. Is this common in sports or is it just in this university? Did every club practice like this? 

There weren’t any walls in this building. It was just one giant room, with a polished hardwood floor and some islands of blue folding mats scattered about. Long bars and gymnastic rings populated these tiny islands, and an organized queue of cheerleaders waited around them for their turn on the equipment. 

A girl at the far end of the gymnasium spotted us. I assumed it was Rose because she looked just like Amy described her. At first she was smiling, then she realized who I was and fell into a neutral expression, then she noticed Amy behind me and devolved into a disdainful scowl. Quickly, she ran towards another cheerleader, a blonde one, and pointed at us. I guessed Rose was talking to Sarah, since her body language showed deference towards the gorgeous blonde. Sarah then visibly sighed, put on a soft, but welcoming smile, and approached us with Rose at her side.

“If it isn’t the infamous Emmett Wilfery” said Sarah when near us. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”

I smiled. “I presume you’re Sarah, correct?” I extended my hand. “I’m just making my rounds, visiting clubs for the election. But you already knew that, right?”

Sarah shook my hand gently. “Yes, that’s the first thing that came to mind when I saw you. You could’ve scheduled a meeting, you know. To be honest, I don’t think I’m prepared for a discussion right now.”

I then muttered:

“Trust me, neither was I.”

Jessica jabbed my ribs with her elbow. “What he means is, he didn’t expect to be hospitalized so we’re making up for lost time. We already missed a few meetings this morning because of it.”

“Oh, yeah, I heard about that.” Sarah frowned slightly. “I was actually at the debate last night, but I was too distracted by the riot you started to notice you were injured.”

“Oh…” I scratched my neck. “I’m sorry, but I can’t really take responsibility for that.”

“Yes you can,” spat out Rose, “because you’re a shit candidate. If you’re gonna mudsling, then at least own up to it.”

“That’s… rude. Who are you exactly?”

Rose crossed her arms. “Ask her.” She nodded at Amy. 

“Hi Rose…” said Amy.

“I should’ve figured you two would work together” said Rose. “Shameless degenerates seem to find solace in each other’s company.”

Amy bit her lip and looked away. Sarah then said:

“Rose, while I understand your personal grudges, we are currently representing the cheerleading club. Either drop the petty remarks or walk away. I will not have you tarnish our image.”

“I’m…” The word seemed stuck on Rose’s throat for a moment. “...sorry. I’ll just stay quiet for now.”

“Apology accepted.” I bowed with genuine sincerity. “I hope we can work together here.”

“I don’t want to mislead you,” said Sarah, “while I’m willing to hear you out of courtesy, I don’t think there’s any way I’ll sponsor you. I don’t approve of your methods, and when the time comes, I’m gonna go with Shawn Greenfield. He’s just the only reasonable candidate.”
 
“My methods?” I said. “If you wanna vote for Shawn because of his platform, then please be my guest, but I feel like you’re not giving me a fair shot here. The only thing I’ve done is call Tiffany Ethyris a cunt, and that’s because I feel I’m entitled to call her that. She… she broke my heart, you know?”

Rose tensed up her shoulders, but she stayed quiet. Sarah shook her head and said:

“I’m sorry, but I’m still not comfortable with you. As a woman, I’m opposed to the normalization of that word. You might not understand this because you’re a guy, but that is a very hateful slur, with baggage that goes back decades. The fact that you feel entitled to use it is what worries me. That sense of entitlement is what fueled the opposition against women’s suffrage and the mass discrimination against females in certain professions. We’re only just getting over that as a society, and my biggest fear is that we revert back to those times. There’s still a lot of hateful misogyny on campus, and if you champion their cause, all these frustrated men will use you as an excuse to call more women cunts in real life. You’re basically implying she’s a slut and taking advantage of the already existent hate. I don’t want that. I don’t really know what happened between you and Tiffany, but if I sponsor you, it’d be like giving permission for others to do the same.”

“To a certain point, I agree. Still, I’d like to make something clear. I dated Tiffany for five months, in secret. I understood she had an image to maintain, so I tolerated it. I told myself it was for the greater good. I… I thought I loved her. Then I was roped into running because of…” I glared at Jessica, who made an innocent smile. “...circumstances, and instead of accepting it, she slapped me in the face and threw me under the bus. Sarah, I know I expressed myself in an offensive way, and I actually regret behaving like that in public, but what else did you expect me to do? I’m only human. Are you faulting me for being honest about my feelings? Isn’t it more harmful to have someone like Tiffany diminish the valid points feminists have by using her gender as a shield? How can you defend that?”

“I’m not defending Tiffany Ethyris. That’s why I’m going with Greenfield. I agree. Doing that to someone that cared about her… it’s unforgivable. I’ve always been suspicious of her, she’s always been too perfect and self-righteous. It’s not like I approve of her actions, I’m just saying you weren’t right either.”

“Captain, I’m sorry, but I can’t stay quiet.” Rose walked up to me and wagged her index finger in my direction, almost touching my nose. “You are a dirty fucking liar!” She turned her head at Sarah. “Tiffany Ethyris is that perfect! She isn’t self-righteous, she’s the real deal! I’ve seen that woman spend entire weekends feeding the homeless, building playgrounds for orphans, and cleaning our streets! To the point where she forgets to eat and faints! There isn’t a person more dedicated to improving our world than her! She’s the last person that would resort to dirty tactics like… like he’s saying.”

I stiffened my abdomen and straightened my posture. “Dirty tactics? You mean like using your cheerleader friends to blackmail the football team?”

Rose widened her eyes. “T-that’s not. It’s different! The girls are doing it because it's the right thing to do!”

Sarah raised her eyebrows. “Rose, what is he talking about?”

“Basically,” said Jessica, “Tiffany ordered some of your club members to force their boyfriends to stop playing if the team captain didn’t sponsor her campaign.”

“But we’re in playoffs…” said Sarah. “What the hell were you thinking, Rose?”

“But you hate that asshole Blake!” Tears welled up in Rose’s eyes. “Don’t you want payback!?”

“Not like this! Damn it, Rose, I’ve told you a thousand times. The success of the football team is our success too! You can’t bring personal matters into this! If they get their budget slashed, we get ours slashed too!”

“GOD FUCKING DAMN IT!” Rose started crying. “I DON’T CARE! If Tiffany wins, it doesn’t matter if the football team loses! She promised! She’s not a fucking liar! Like, like this douchebag! AHHHHHHH!” She breathed erratically, choked up by her tears. “TIFFANY IS NOT A FUCKING DIRTY SLUT! SHE ISN’T A GOD DAMNED DEGENERATE LIKE.. LIKE...” She pointed at Amy. “LIKE THIS FUCKING WHORE!”

Rose fell to her knees and pulled off a lock of her hair in frustration. She then slammed her head repeatedly against the floor, drawing some blood from her nose. 

A shiver ran down my spine. 

Amy stared at the scene with her jaw dropped. Her face flushed red and she took a few steps back, afterwards running out of the room. Jessica pursued Amy, leaving me alone. Rose kept banging her head. Sarah tried to get close to her, but Rose fell backwards and flailed her limbs around, like she was enduring a seizure. 

Emily then appeared next to me, wearing the same hospital gown from last time. 

I clenched my fist and swallowed. Not now. I’m begging. Not again. 

Emily then said:

“You really have a knack for hurting women, don’t you?”

“Fuck off” I replied.

“What?” said Sarah, trying to help Rose along with other teammates that joined her.

“I said I’m off.” I gestured at the exit with my thumb. “You’re dealing with this now, so I don’t want to get in the way. Can we talk another day?”

“Yes, yes, that’s... fine. We’ll talk later.”

Sarah went back to helping Rose, and I left the gymnasium. Once outside, I saw Amy arguing with Jessica. She was under a streetlamp, illuminated by its yellow hue since it was already past twilight. Amy then looked at me and said:

“And then there’s this fucker! I can’t believe I didn’t see it sooner.”

“Me? What did I do?”

“Everything the cheerleader captain said! She’s completely right! Hell, it’s actually worse because you’re blatantly lying about it!”

I frowned. “That’s not fair… Tiffany-”

“Tiffany’s a scumbag, yes, but you’re an even bigger one.” Amy raised her hands with rage. “You know you’re slut shaming her. You’re using her sexuality as excuse to paint her as morally inferior. That’s not right, and I feel like a fucking idiot, and a fucking hypocrite, for not recognizing it earlier.”

“Amy...” said Jessica, her tone low and understanding. “I get you were embarrassed right now, but-”

“No!” said Amy. “I won’t hear any of it. I trusted you, and look what happened. Do you realize how hard it was to interact with Rose? No, you fucking don’t, because you didn’t give a shit about how I felt. You just made me tag along with your fucking scheme like you always do! I’m tired of this!” She took a few deep breaths, shaking her head. “I’m not even surprised. You’d sell out your own family if you fucking had one!”

Jessica softened her face. “I know you’re angry, but you’re being very hurtful. Please… don’t say stuff like that.”

Amy swallowed and nodded. “I… went too far there. Ok.” She turned to me. “Emmett, I expected more from you. You’re so smart and clever, it just boggles my mind how you have to resort to shit like ‘Tiffany broke my heart’ and ‘I thought I loved her’. How can you say horrible lies like that without hating your own guts? You’re insulting every person you’ve ever loved by making that word meaningless! Have you ever even been in love?”

I hesitated for a moment. I was about to go into a rant of how love is a social construct created to give deeper meaning to our hormones and the instinct to reproduce, but I knew better than doing that. I then said:

“Look, I’m sorry you were put on the spot like that. I honestly never thought something like that would happen. If there’s any way I could make it up to you, I’d-”

“Drop from the race” said Amy. “Walk away now, and wash your hands. This is the only way you’ll leave this whole mess clean.”

“That’s a bit extreme” said Jessica. “There has to be something else.”

“Shut the hell up. Have you even told Emmett why you’re really interested in the election?”

“What are you talking about? There isn’t-”

“Don’t lie” said Amy. 

Jessica glanced at the floor. “No, I haven’t told him.”

“Then you’re biased here. This is between me and Emmett.” Amy gestured at me. “So, will you drop out?”

I closed my eyes for a moment and then said:

“No. I’m sorry, Amy. I can’t quit now. I’ve already invested too much energy into this. I’d hate myself if I did something to hurt you, but I’d hate myself even more if I didn’t follow through on this. Isn’t there anything else I could do?”

“No, Emmett. There isn’t.”

Amy turned around and walked away. I went after her a few steps before I felt Jessica grab my arm. She then said:

“Just let her go. She needs space. She’ll probably go to a bar to clear her head. If we keep bothering her, it’ll only make things worse.”

I sighed. “Okay... Let’s just go home. I’m drained.”

We left the university and started our slow walk downhill. We never caught up to Amy, or saw her for the rest of the night. Drunk students stumbled out of one bar into another, brushing past me and Jessica on the sidewalks. A low rumbling echoed from each establishment because of the loud bass-drops in their electronic music. We then reached a fork in the road and Jessica said:

“Emmett, I know this is pathetic on my part, but could you please walk me home?”

I felt tempted by my exhaustion to say no, but Jessica had a defeated expression on her face. I didn’t have the heart to refuse her request. Plus… 

I looked over my shoulder. I’m not exactly safe alone. I shrugged and started walking with her towards her house.

“It’s not pathetic. I get it. Just don’t get used to me doing this.”

“I don’t normally walk. I actually have a car. It’s just that yesterday, with the whole debate and stuff-”

“It’s okay. You don’t have to explain yourself.”

“Yes, yes I do. And I’m not talking about just this. Amy was right. I haven’t told you the entire truth.”

“I figured as much.”

“Really?”

“Of course. No one says the entire truth. And while I’m sure you’re pissed that Tiffany called you a washboard, you’re better than that. You wouldn’t do so much work just for the sake of petty vengeance, not unless there was another reward. When Amy said the ‘flat chest’ thing, I knew she was covering for you, but I just assumed I didn’t need to know about it so I didn’t pry.”

“Oh… That was easy. I was dreading telling you about it for a while. Don’t you feel used or something?”

“Not really. You were already using me, remember? Plus, throughout my life, I’ve been used more times than a neckbeard’s fleshlight. I’m already, well, for lack of a better word, used to it.”

“That’s… sad, Emmett. What the hell kind of life have you lived?”

“A very complicated and messy one. That’s why I’m okay with you not sharing your motive. We all have our secrets and I respect that. Honestly, you don’t have to share it if you don’t want to.”

“No, I really want to. But first… what did you mean by ‘washboard’ before?”

“You know, a washboard is a flat surface, like your chest.”

The words fumbled out of my mouth thoughtlessly and I regretted them as soon as I became aware of them. Jessica stopped walking, frowned, and slapped the back of my head. She then began to giggle. I laughed along with her until we started walking again. Jessica then said:

“Tiffany is hurting the university. More than you would initially assume. She’s become the figurehead of a toxic social movement, and the worst part is that she really does think she’s doing the right thing. At this point, she’s causing mental damage to the people who follow her. She thrives on their delusions. Rose’s freakout isn’t an isolated event among Tiffany’s constituents. I’ve always suspected she’s taken advantage of people who are seriously mentally ill. Whenever you cause one of those social justice nuts to think for themselves in a way that conflicts their rhetoric, they just break down. Some even turn violent.”

“Aren’t you exaggerating a little? People can’t just be seizing up because they’re upset. That’s ridiculous.”

“I’m not exaggerating. I’ve tried to prove it, but now I’m stonewalled. After she ‘rose to power’, I was blacklisted from any event involving the XSMG, which just so happened to be a lot of them. I almost lost my top spot on the paper, and I’ve had to work on a bunch of fluff pieces ever since. They thought I was insane for trying to prove that Social Justice Warriors were all mentally ill. Someone important in the school administration, whose identity I can’t reveal right now, promised to help me dismantle that dreadful club if I found a candidate that could beat Tiffany. If you win the election, I get to become editor in chief next semester and I get to see the XSMG burn to the ground.”

“Huh, I expected something worse. I’m actually okay with that.”

“Yeah, I don’t know why I was so nervous about telling you. I was pretty upset I couldn’t find a decent candidate no matter how hard I looked, and then, by complete chance, I stumble into you. It was like fate or something like that.”

“Yeah… Funny how that works.”

“But now… Now I don’t even know what to do. Are we being hypocrites here? Are Amy and Sarah right? We’ve pretty much proven that there’s no way to win without playing dirty yourself. We’re just as manipulative as Tiffany. How can we get pissed at her if we’re doing the same?”

I let out a long sigh. “I’m wondering the same thing, really. I’ve been so obsessed with getting payback that I forgot something essential. How we win matters just as much as the victory itself. We need to change things up. It’s not like I can go back on what I said about Tiffany, but moving forward, we need to come up with a better strategy. Keep in mind our integrity. We need to win the right way.”

“Yeah, the right way.”

Reaching Jessica’s house, I said goodbye to her and continued alone on the path to my apartment. I was scared. My legs trembled with every step and I kept looking over my shoulder every other block. My reasons for accompanying Jessica hadn’t been entirely altruistic. I was actually afraid Emily would show up again and ruin my night.

The streets were worryingly empty. I was still spooked by seeing Emily back at the gymnasium. A sports car appeared in the distance. It accelerated, with its loud motor revving through the echoey road. I stopped walking, stiffening my muscles. The car carried on at top speed, and was long gone past me after a few seconds. 

I continued walking. This new hallucination did confirm one thing. The incident during the debate wasn’t an isolated event. Emily can appear without the presence of Tiffany. This didn’t prove it was all in my mind, but it certainly made the hypothesis stronger. There’s probably a set of conditions that need to be met before Emily can appear. I had to figure those out, it was a necessity, but I didn’t know how to start. 

I got to my place without anything noteworthy occurring. At the moment, I was too tired to even smoke weed. I changed out of my clothes and collapsed in my bed, hoping that tomorrow wouldn’t be as shit as today. 

There wasn’t a force in the universe that could get me out of this mattress.

Or so I thought. My cellphone got a text message. I widened my eyes. Could it be? I raced for my phone, unlocking it with bated breath. I was right. I couldn’t believe I'd forgotten about it. In the notifications, alone in my apartment after a horrible day, I finally saw an answer from Lain.

----------------------------
>“An errant…” said Tiffany. “So *that’s* what’s going on! You’re the one behind all this chaos! You were just hiding inside Emmett until you could manifest yourself!”

Emily shrugged. “I’m flattered that you think I orchestrated all of this, but I couldn’t have done it without you. I wouldn’t even exist if you hadn’t hypnotized him. I just took advantage of everything you set in place.”

“No…” Tiffany walked towards Emily, stopping ten feet away from her. “This isn’t my fault.” She fell into a fighting stance. “I won’t fall for your tricks, monster!” She lunged at Emily. “I’m erasing you before you grow any stronger!”

Emily sidestepped out of the way. 

Tiffany rolled on the ground and dashed at her opponent as soon as she could, throwing a roundhouse kick while accelerating. 

Emily parried with her right hand and punched Tiffany in the stomach. 

Tiffany winced, gasping for air and grabbing Emily’s arm before throwing her over her shoulder. 

Emily landed flat on her back. 

Tiffany stomped on her head. 

It didn’t cause any damage. Tiffany then widened her eyes and jumped away from Emily.

Emily chuckled and stood up. “You were talking good shit a few minutes ago.” She teleported in front of Tiffany, headbutting her face. “Where’s all that Nietzsche crap now?!?”

Tiffany stayed on her feet, though her legs quivered slightly and her nose bled. She then stepped forward and drove her fist into Emily’s face, putting all of her weight behind her punch. The shockwave pressured me back and instantly shattered the windows. 

Emily remained unaffected.

Tiffany jumped backwards a few feet and said:

“What are you?”

Emily smirked and disappeared, saying:

“The top bitch.”

The errant appeared behind Tiffany and grabbed her hair, swinging her around, up in the air, until flinging her at a wall. 

Tiffany crashed through the wall and into the next classroom. 

A cloud of debris lingered in the air. 

Was Tiffany dead?

Piles of rubble covered Tiffany, but she brushed them off and stood up, panting. She then said:

“Blinking, huh?” She wiped blood off her face. “That’s pretty advanced for a newborn errant.”

“I learn quick.”

Emily teleported again. Tiffany anticipated where she would appear, trading blows with Emily as soon as she popped up. Jab for jab, hook for hook, uppercut for uppercut. Each strike was mighty on its own, making the floor quake more and more. 

Tiffany grit her teeth in pain the longer it went on. Emily didn’t show any signs of fatigue. 

Tiffany ducked under a haymaker and ran away with blistering speed. 

Emily disappeared.

I couldn’t see them anymore.

Emily appeared in front of me. She grabbed me by my neck, raised me over her head, and stuffed her hands into my pocket. I then said:

“W-what are you doing?”

Emily pulled out my cellphone, smiled, and disappeared.

I fell on the stool. 

“Emmett!” whispered Jessica. “Are you okay?”

I turned around. Jessica was outside in the hallway, crouched behind the doorframe. A loud crash echoed in the distance. Jessica flinched and said:

“Did that girl just disappear? What the hell is going on?!?”

“I… don’t know…”

“Whoa… *that’s* a first…” Jessica stood up. “We need to get out of here; let’s go!”

“I can’t! I’m paraly-” I narrowed my eyes. “What are *you* doing here?”

“What do you mean? Isn’t it obvious?” 

“You were dealing with Claire! Why are you here?”

“For fucks sake, I’m here to help you!”

“How did you get here?!?”

The building shook.

Jessica stumbled, but grabbed the doorframe before she could fall. “Why are you grilling me?!?”

“Answer the damn question!”

Jessica rolled her eyes. “I locked Claire in a room and came here as fast as I could. Then I heard a bunch of loud noises and found you there!”

“Bullshit! You couldn’t even hurt Claire!”

Jessica frowned. “I tipped over a vending machine in front of the door! It wasn’t that hard.”

I looked away, taking a deep breath. That was too contrived. The timing was too perfect. Tiffany shrieked and screamed in the distance. Emily still fought her. Their blows reverberated through the building every couple of seconds. 

My paralysis dissipated.

How… convenient. 

This was an illusion. I was sure of it. It wasn’t real. Tiffany was messing with me again. 

Jessica walked into the room. She then gently grabbed my face, raised my head to meet her eyes, and said:

“You look like a madman right now.”

“I do…?”

“Yes. It’s like you’re having a manic episode. Your eyes are darting around and you keep mumbling to yourself. This isn’t like you!”

“I didn’t realize I was…” I shook my head, swatting away her hands. “No. I won’t fall for it! Not again!”

“Emmett, please, just tell me what’s going on.”

“I can’t. You wouldn’t believe me.”

“Try!”

I bit my lip and said:

“Tiffany is an esper! She has psychic powers, which she used to mentally torture me this entire time, then my sociopathic, supposedly dead, ex-girlfriend suddenly showed up, and they’re fighting it out in an all-out brawl! This doesn’t make any sense! It’s insane!”

Jessica blinked. “Okay, so what do we do about it?”

I sighed. “Of course you don-” I widened my eyes. “Wait. You believe me?”

“Yeah. I saw the little girl disappear. I don’t think you’d lie about this.”

“It’s not about lying! I don’t even know if any of this is real!”

“Does it matter if it’s real?”

“Yes! Of course it matters! I could be going schizophrenic! I could just blink and the entire universe could be destroyed!”

“Who cares! The yellowstone supervolcano could suddenly blow up tomorrow and we’d all be fucked! A gamma-ray burst could come out of nowhere and burn up our atmosphere in a matter of seconds! Yes, the world could end in a million different ways, and even if it doesn’t, we’ll still be miserable in it, but you can’t let it get to you. I’d agree with literally anyone else, but not you, Emmett. You can’t just crumble like this. I believed in you, damn it! You’re the Straw Hat Emperor! You can’t just give me hope and take it away from me. I’ll ask you again, what are we gonna do about this?”

“Nothing. Anything I do will end up hurting someone, so I’m just gonna stay here and let it sort itself out. Maybe Tiffany will dissolve the illusion and laugh at me. Or even better, a chunk of the roof will fall on me and kill me before Emily-”

“Stop it!”

I frowned. “No!”

Jessica slapped me, saying:

“Get in the damn robot, Emmett!”

I scowled and said:

“Fuck off! Why are you going out of your way to do this? You don’t need me!”

“Because I care about you, you… you baka! Honto baka! I care about you! Is that concept so alien to you?”

I stared at Jessica. 

The sting of her slap lingered on my cheek. Her eyes welled up with tears. She wanted me to do something, anything, but I couldn’t think of a strategy. I was way in over my head. But still… even if this was just another of Tiffany’s illusions. Even if I couldn’t think of a conceivable way to fix this mess... letting Jessica down made me feel worse than any of those things combined. 

I nodded and said:

“I’m probably going insane. Are you sure you want to follow me?”

“I’m already crazy, Emmett. I’m not in a position to question your sanity.”

“Oh…”

Jessica smiled. “So Tiffany has psychic powers? Like mind reading or telekinesis?”

“No, it’s more like… like a sharingan! Or a geass! She has absolute hypnosis with eye contact.”

Jessica looked away, raising her eyebrows. She then said:

“That… actually explains a lot.”

Another loud rumble echoed in the background, filling the hallways with a thick fog of cement. 

“Fuck…” I said. “Emily has my cellphone. Tiffany doesn’t stand a chance.”

“What’s that got to do with anything?”

“Nothing. Can you give me yours?”

“My cellphone?”

I nodded. Jessica dug into her pockets and handed me her phone. Memorizing the number was the best decision I ever made. I quickly texted Lain:

*“Does Tiffany have a chance of winning?”*

I heard Tiffany scream. Emily gleefully cackled.

*“A very slim one.”*

I was hoping it wasn’t as bad as I thought, but I guess Emily was too strong for Tiffany. I knew Emily wanted to use Lain. She probably didn’t want me interfering with whatever she’s planning either. That’s why she took my cellphone. Which begged the question...

*“What did Emily ask you?”*

*“A lot of things.”*

I frowned. *“What did she want to know the most?”*

*“How long she would stay in her new physical form, whether or not if she could retain it for longer, and how to go about doing that.”*

*“What did you tell her? Can she?”*

*“Yes. Emily’s on a time limit right now. She’s being held together by all the energy she absorbed, but if she spends it all she’ll disappear permanently. The energy field permeating the university, generated by the emotions of the people fighting near the stadium and the students seizing up, combined with all the power Tiffany spent on you, have given Emily an hour before she dissipates if she keeps up her current pace. That said, if she triggers more negative emotions in anyone nearby, she can extend her existence for as long as people are scared of her.”*

*“Then why is she fighting Tiffany? Why doesn’t she just run away?”*

*“Emily wants to extract as much negative energy as she can out of Tiffany before moving on. Leaving her alive could give Emily trouble later on. She’s also testing the limits of her new powers and enjoying the suffering she’s inflicting.”* 

Of course. 

Jessica tried to catch a glance of my conversation, but I pulled the cellphone away from her, giving her a stern look. She then pouted and folded her arms.

*“Can Emily still read my mind?”*

*“She’s out of your body, so no, not anymore.”*

Silver lining, I guess. *“How can I stop Emily?”*
 
*“A sufficiently strong impact of energy, be it kinetic, psychic, or any other type. She doesn’t have a body per se, she’s just an amalgamation of energy held together by an idea. Anything powerful enough to disperse her would do.”*

I pocketed the cellphone, looked at Jessica, and said:

“We have to stop them.”

Jessica pursed her lips. “Really? Do we have to?” She shook her head. “Can’t we just run away? Your ex will just take care of Tiffany for us.”

“I know how you feel, but… we can’t just ignore her. A loose Emily… well, that’s actually worse than Tiffany winning. If she goes on a rampage…” I shivered. “Forget about it. She’s without doubt the most dangerous, unpredictable, evil creature I’ve ever encountered. I could barely classify her as human while she was alive.”

“If you say so…”

“Jessica… what happened to winning the right way?”

 Jessica sighed. “Okay, I trust you.”

“Good. Now here’s the plan…”

---------------------
---------------------

Jessica and I hid by a corner, watching Tiffany and Emily down the hallway. Tiffany looked horrible. Her eyes still radiated with that weird pattern, glaring with the ferocity of a demon, but her right shoulder was dislocated, making her arm limp and unreactive.  

Emily dashed forward. 

Tiffany threw a kick. 

Emily spun around Tiffany, grappled her by the waist with both arms, and suplexed her into the floor, collapsing half of the hallway. Escaping gas hissed from a broken pipeline, coupled with water cascading from the edges of the fissure. They were on the floor below now. 

“I don’t like this…” said Jessica. “Are you sure you can escape?”

“Of course I can. I’ll be right behind you.”

Jessica pressed her lips together, but conceded the point. We rushed downstairs and stopped a few steps before reaching the floor, careful not to be seen by them.

Emily then floated through the hallway, singing:

“Oh where, oh where, could that whiny bitch be…” She typed on my phone. “Oh where, oh where could she be…” 

The phoned ringed. Emily smiled and disappeared.

Tiffany burst through a classroom door, rocketed through the hallway, and slid on the floor until hitting the far wall, moaning. 

Emily appeared on top of Tiffany, looming over her.

I nodded at Jessica and she went left on the hallway.

I crouched and went right as quietly as I could, hiding behind a large garbage bin. 

Part of me wanted to jump in now. Tiffany wouldn’t last much longer. 

Unfortunately, I knew Emily would ask Lain what I was up to as soon as she saw me. I couldn’t trick her that way. I needed to ask Lain a question that would force her to stop answering for a while, but I couldn’t think of anything that could do it. I couldn’t ask about plot twists or planned reveals because that implied asking about the future. 

“How?” said Tiffany. “How do you keep finding me?”

Emily then said:

“Because just when you think you have all the answers; I change the questions!” She crouched and pummeled Tiffany a few times. “You think you’re hot shit?” She jabbed her thumbs into both of Tiffany’s eye sockets. “You think you’re an übermensch?!?” 

Tiffany let out an ear-piercing shriek.

I couldn’t ask Lain about what question I should ask because it would destabilize the universe too much. I needed a middle ground. Something that would defuse the tension if answered right now, but that wouldn’t completely break the story either.

“You don’t even understand Nietzsche!” Emily pressed harder, making Tiffany squirt blood. “You’re just spouting pop-philosophy garbage you’ve heard about him!” She released her grip and started slapping her head around. “You’re the one thing I hate more than an uneducated moron!” She stood up and kicked her stomach. “You’re a fucking pseud!”

Tiffany started crying, her tears mixing with the blood on her face.

Emily laughed and said:

“Go ahead and cry! You’re not getting any sympathy from me. I bet the only people that listen to you are the ones you’ve hypnotized into doing so. No one would respect you without your power. You’re nothing without it!” 

“Just end it” said Tiffany, sniffling. “Finish me off. You’ve already won.”

“Finish? I’m only getting started!” Emily kneeled on Tiffany’s stomach and licked the tears on her face. “Tasty.”

Tiffany whimpered. “You’re disgusting.”

“That’s the problem with you, with Emmett, with everyone, really. You all talk big, but only take half-measures to solve your problems.” She spread Tiffany’s legs. “You hate your humanity, but when push comes to shove, you’re unwilling to throw it away.” She slid her hand up the bottom of her dress, pulling down her black underwear. “If you’re gonna emasculate someone, you can’t just throw a tantrum when they don’t give consent!”

“N-no, please, d-don’t-”

“You’re supposed to assert your dominance!” Emily grabbed Tiffany’s exposed crotch. “And rape them anyways!”

Fuck. 

Tiffany was a bawling mess.

Emily laughed harder.

Damn it, Emmett! Think of something! You can’t let it end this way! 

Wait. That’s it.

I pulled out Jessica’s cellphone and wrote:

*“Does the author want this story to have a happy ending?”*

I pressed send and waited. 

No immediate answer. Perfect.

I stood up and said:

“You never threw away your humanity. You just embraced the worst parts of it.”

Emily turned her head at me, scowling. “Wait for your turn.”

I shrugged.

“You’re only making things worse for yourself.” Emily pointed behind me. “Be a good boy and wait upstairs.”

“Oh, is tough little Emily scared of me interfering?”

“Don’t fuck with me.” Emily stood up. “This has never worked out well for you, Emmett.”

“Funny. I remember it differently, you know, with me beating you the last time we saw each other.”

“You only got lucky.”

“No, Emily. I didn’t. You’re not vengeful because I killed you. You were dying in a few months anyways.” I grinned. “You’re just pissed I outsmarted you.”

Emily started walking towards me. “I think the mental damage is taking its toll on you. I… I don’t even know why you’d do something so retarded. Provoking me, of all people, is the single most stupidest move you could take, unless...” Emily stopped. “It’s part of your plan.” She pulled out my phone and typed on it. “Let’s see what Lain has to say, shall we?” 

Emily smirked, waiting a few seconds before checking the cellphone again. 

Jessica slowly walked out of the far corner, behind Emily and towards Tiffany. She was done. That meant she opened all the gas valves on this floor.

Emily shot me a glare. My abdomen tensed. Could she feel Jessica behind her?

“What did you do?” said Emily.

Jessica winced, freezing a few feet away from Tiffany. 

I smiled and said:

“What do you mean?”

“Don’t play coy, Emmett. You don’t have a cellphone. How did you silence Lain? What did you do?”

Jessica reached Tiffany. I then said:

“I don’t know what you’re talking about. What are you blaming me for? Maybe your question silenced Lain. Maybe the author doesn’t want you knowing the answer.”

“Shut up! You’re bluffing! I can see it in your face. I swear, my wrath will be worse the longer you draw this out.”

“I’m not scared of you. You and I both know you can’t kill me.”

“There are worse fates than death, Emmett.”

Jessica helped Tiffany up, acted as a crutch for her, and carried her away at a stilted pace.

“You got your hands on a cellphone, didn’t you? But how did-” Emily widened her eyes. “The journalist. She’s around here, isn’t she?”

I swallowed.

Emily turned around. I shouted:

“Stop!”

Emily glanced at Jessica and back at me. “Why should I?”

I pulled out my lighter. “Because I’ll kill us both if you don’t.”

Emily furrowed her brow. “Why are you doing this?!? You just want to spite me, don’t you? You can’t bear seeing me alive again. I was in your head! I know how much you hate Tiffany. I know how much you would enjoy seeing her suffer. You’re only depriving yourself of some much needed catharsis.”

“That’s not the point! If I can’t win on my own terms, then I’d rather not win at all!”

“You’re out of your mind. You can’t power through an explosion. You’re not making any sense!”

I scoffed. “Future emperors are sustained by sheer willpower! Even when mocked as reckless and crazy, our hopes and dreams always carry us to victory!” I took a step forward. “If there’s a wall in my way, then I’ll smash it down! If there isn’t a path, then I’ll carve one myself! I'm not playing the role of a badass; I'm finally being true to myself!” I looked at Jessica. “What the hell are you doing? Run!”

Jessica nodded and hurried Tiffany along. After they turned the corner, Emily said:

“It doesn’t matter if they run away. I can easily catch up with them.”

“The second you leave my vision I’ll use the lighter. Even if you’re not here, my death would end the story.”

“You don’t have the guts.”

“You’ve been in my head. Do you really think I won’t do it?”

Emily briefly glanced away and then said:

“The author won’t let you.”

“The author can go fuck himself for all I care. He’s the one that gave me free will.”

“Why are you defending Tiffany? After all she put you through… Why do you feel sorry for her?!? Why are you being so weak?!?”

“Weak? Please. Mercy is a luxury only the strong can afford!”

“Then how are you gonna get out of this?”

“I’m cashing in my plot armor.”

“The author won’t protect you from an explosion this powerful. That’s too big of an asspull.”

“No, he won’t. But *you* will.”

Emily chuckled. “Oh really now?” 

“I know you Emily. You desperately want to live. It’s why you asked Lain about keeping your body. It’s why you’ve been trying to help me all this time in your own fucked up way. If I die, you lose any chance of remaining in this reality.”

“Bullshit. You’re just saying that to justify your death wish.”

“Maybe; maybe not. I’m pretty sure I’m right, though.”

Emily snarled. “You’re not even sure if it’ll work! You’re risking it all on a gut feeling?!?”

“You’re acting surprised, Emily. Of course I will!” I smirked. “Who the hell do you think I am?”

I flicked the lighter.





-------
-------

>“Okay everyone,” said Suzan Rivers as she got the attention of everyone in the newsroom, “show’s over! Back to work! The election’s this Friday and we can’t afford to fall behind. Remember, this is our busiest week of the year!”

After some eye rolls and sarcastic moans, the pack of journalists sat at their respective desks to continue their busy tasks. I blinked incredulously as they left. I knew a small crowd had gathered around us during that last part, but it didn’t sink in how uplifting I’d been until I saw them walk away. 

The atmosphere in the room had been flipped on its head. The presidents were now talking to each other with an air of camaraderie that was completely missing just a few minutes prior. I think I was the only one who noticed how sudden it was. I couldn’t find Jessica anywhere in the room, so I just kept observing the club members alone. Heads were raised in excitement now, laughter and agreement took over the discussion; it was like hope had been restored to everyone in the room, including myself. It felt good. Too good, actually. Every cynical aspect of me knew something was wrong with this situation. That I was forgetting something important, that things were bound to get worse from here on out, or that this victory would be rendered pointless by some plot twist in the near future. Still, it didn’t mean I couldn’t enjoy this short rest while it lasted.

Soon enough, everyone sat around the table again and we started drafting a preliminary budget for the clubs present. It wasn’t simple, though. The disparity between the football team and the rest of the club’s funding wasn’t an easily solvable problem. Every club had a strong case for an increase of budget, but we couldn’t just gut Blake’s team for the benefit of everyone else. The university relied on the football team’s fanbase for a big portion of its yearly income. In a way, they kept tuition costs somewhat sane. Messing with the football team could easily end with thousands of students unable to afford their education.

Fortunately, I realized I could coax Blake into making some concessions that didn’t require slashing his budget. Firstly, the football team would begin promoting the other clubs more aggressively. Not just by mentioning the clubs during their games, though that was part of it, but also by using their social media presence to support each other’s official activities. Apparently the football team’s Twitter account had around one hundred and seventy-five thousand followers, so this was really valuable exposure for everyone involved. 

Secondly, the soccer team would be allowed more flexibility when deciding their practice hours. Elliot’s team was usually punished for ruining the football field, even though it was Blake's team who left it in bad conditions during *their* practice. The school’s administration acted like hardasses towards the soccer players and never listened to their requests for a change in schedule. Even worse, their budget suffered some deductions because of this misunderstanding. If the football team were the ones to request the change, no one would have a problem accommodating them and the soccer team wouldn’t get blamed for their messes. This wasn’t a guaranteed increase in budget for the soccer players, but it did make it easier for me to argue for their cause once I became president.

The third and last concession was by far the hardest to get out of Blake. His general aloofness regarding the cheerleaders needed to be fixed immediately. Sarah, unsurprisingly, was the most hesitant in the room to agree to anything else proposed. We had to address her friction with Blake if we wanted to get anything done in a timely fashion. No progress would be made if we didn’t make sure they got along.

In the past, Blake had often underappreciated the cheerleaders’ contribution to his team’s morale and liked to bully them with passive-aggressive taunts and backhanded compliments. Most of his teammates joined in on the heckling, to the point where Sarah fell into depression and almost quit cheerleading. This forced Sarah to come up with a plan she wasn’t entirely comfortable with. She subtly encouraged her squadmates to flirt and mingle with the football players until more than half of the respective teams were dating each other. A great solution, if it weren’t a temporary one. It settled the bullying issue effectively, no one was messing with Sarah or her squad anymore, but it ultimately made things worse for both of them. Basically, Sarah and Blake wouldn’t be in this predicament if they had just communicated with each other, and neither of them wanted to admit this fact.  

If Blake hadn’t been an arrogant jerk, Sarah and Rose wouldn’t have done their respective schemes and Tiffany wouldn’t have gotten so much influence over the two teams. Of course, they weren’t aware this was partially because of Tiffany’s hypnosis, but they didn’t need to know that. I also knew that the people under Tiffany’s influence couldn’t do anything that went against their moral code so, really, Blake and Sarah’s feud only enabled Tiffany’s actions, regardless of her psychic powers.

It took a lot of sighing, pleading, and, most important of all, peer pressure from every other president to finally get them both admitting some fault in this mess. This approach healed the rift between them, even if it didn’t fix it entirely. Sarah mostly avoided Blake’s gaze for the rest of the meeting, and, from then on, the football player was more accommodating towards everyone else’s demands. 

Thankfully, everything continued fast and smoothly. The other two clubs had relatively straightforward requests, involving pre-requisites for certain classes. Both photography and mechanical engineering had high-level courses that certain club members couldn’t enroll in due to their majors, despite it being related to their hobbies. Suzan chimed in saying there was already some precedent for arranging a special permit, so the issue was quickly resolved. 

Afterwards, some intense negotiating took place, with everyone fighting for their budget tooth and nail, but I was able to navigate that minefield of self-interest with some outside assistance. Three hours had passed when the meeting was finished, but by the end of it, everyone looked somewhat pleased with the results. No one left completely satisfied, which I knew was to be expected but still left me disappointed in my mediating skills. I chuckled to myself as they all slowly exited the conference room. 

If it hadn’t been for Lain, I wouldn’t have known everything they wanted from the start. I had pretended to fiddle with my phone while they were busy, when I was really figuring out what they were hiding. Whenever they bluffed and tried to get more than they needed, I instantly shut them down and put pressure on them, giving them what they wanted after making them fight for it. They were all playing poker with their hands revealed. I cheated in front of their faces and they were none the wiser.

I made my way to the door before I felt Suzan tug on my shirt. She then closed the door, leaving us alone in the conference room, and said:

“There’s still something we need to discuss, Emmett.”

“By all means, discuss ahead. It’s not like I have anything else to do.”

That was a boldfaced lie. I was actually in a hurry to post my newest Kaiser piece before my fans panicked again, but I wasn’t in a position to brush off Suzan. She had been my strongest ally in all of this. Being in her good graces was of the utmost importance. 

Suzan sat at the table again and said:

“I hope you appreciate how deceitful I had to be during the meeting. I don’t enjoy lying, I really don’t.”

“I didn’t know…”

“I figured. That’s why I’m telling you now. You do realize you can’t win like this, right?”

“What? But the polls… If I got everyone on board, the numbers said I was supposed to be in second place.”

“Yes, if you got everyone on board. Aaron isn’t on board. Without the gaming club, you barely rival Greenfield.”

“That’s… fuck. You’re right. I was caught up in the moment and forgot.”

“There’s more. You uhh… you might wanna brace yourself.”

I sat next to Suzan, massaging my left temple for a few seconds. “Go ahead.”

“It seems Shawn Greenfield hasn’t been actively lobbying clubs because he was too busy asking his Youtube buddies for help.” Suzan brought out her cellphone and searched for a video. “Here, take a look.”

I took her cellphone and saw it was a Philip DeFranco video. He ran one of the biggest pop culture channels on Youtube! The guy had more than five million subscribers, with a worldwide reach and a decade of internet experience. Sure, there were bigger channels out there, but those were mostly lifestyle and entertainment stuff. Shawn probably called in a lot of favors through his Youtube connections to contact him. I couldn’t wait anymore, so I played the video:

*”Sup you beautiful bastards! Hope you’re having a fantastic Monday. Welcome to the Philip DeFranco show, and let’s just jump into it. The first thing I want to talk about today is concerning fellow Youtuber and friend of the show, Shawn Greenfield. For those of you not familiar with him, Shawn runs the Youtube channel ‘The Green Lens’ a variety vlog concerning pop culture, gaming and current news. He’s also running for student council president at Xeistoria University… Yes, ‘that’ Xeistoria University, the one with the insane SJWs protesting every other day...”*

I paused the video, handing back Suzan her cellphone. “Okay, I’ve seen enough. Fuck. So, how bad is it?”

“Pretty bad. This isn’t the only video trending right now. Casey Neistat, PewDiePie, even H3H3 uploaded a reaction to a freakout involving an XSMG member and gave a shout out to Shawn near the end of the video. They’re all talking about this election and promoting Greenfield’s campaign.”

My mouth gaped open before I said:

“You have got to be kidding me. How? Why?!? One big content creator, I get. But these are all heavy hitters. This is absurd! Since when does PewDiePie make videos about this crap?!?”

Suzan shrugged. “Ever since his feud with the Wall Street Journal, he’s been pretty anti-SJW. Our early estimates say Shawn’s pulling ahead by a significant amount because of this marketing push. Even with the clubs banding together for you, you’re still in last place.”

I slumped on the table, rubbing my forehead. Just like that, any feelings of optimism I previously had were thrown out the window. I freaking called it. Being unattached to victory was the wisest move. This would’ve destroyed my morale if I hadn’t been skeptical from the start.

I then said:

“Aren’t there any other clubs? These couldn’t be all of them. There has to be something we can do!”

“Not as big as the ones you met today. Even if you added up all the smaller ones, they wouldn’t make a dent either way. There’s the university’s music club, an aggregate of different school-sponsored bands, but that’s a very female dominated environment. Tiffany reigns supreme in that crowd.” 

“So I’m just screwed?”

“Mostly, yeah. I didn’t want to say anything during the meeting because… well, seeing all of those presidents put aside their differences and consider Tiffany a real threat… it’s been a personal dream for a while. I even found myself believing in you, despite how silly it felt. Only a miracle can save your campaign.”

“Making miracles out of impossible scenarios is mark of a great leader. I *know* there’s a solution here. There *has* to be.”

“Praying? I can’t really think of anything else.”

“What? No! Fuck divine intervention! I’m my own damn God! I’ll come up with something, I always do. Don’t worry about that. Is there anything you can do to fudge the poll numbers? We can’t let people lose faith in me. If we allow that, we’ve already lost.”

“I’ll see what I can do, but… this is hopeless. I don’t think you really understand the severity of the situation.”

“Trust me, I do. But what else do you want me to do? Give up?”

Suzan stared at me for an uncomfortable amount of time. 

“Two years”, she said as she looked away, “I’ve been trying to fix this goddamned university for two years straight, and what do I have to show for it? Nothing. Sure, I’ve cultivated some good reporters over the years, I have a nice media job lined up for when I graduate this May, I’ve even won a national award for one of my editorial pieces, but even still…  I felt like Sisyphus whenever I tried to do some good. Every time I made some progress against the social justice warriors, Tiffany Ethyris would do something even bigger, or straight up ridiculous, to render it pointless.”

Suzan sighed, shaking her head. I didn’t know what to say, or even why she was sharing this, so I just stayed quiet and continued listening. 

“And if I couldn’t even fix this college, what hope is there for the real world? Call me childish, but I’m not in journalism for the money. I’m pretty sure no one is. You can’t be in this industry if you don’t have at least a little bit of passion for a greater virtue, like truth or justice. I’m… I’m actually starting to doubt my reasons for pursuing my passion. This campus is pretty much a microcosm of society at large. It’s the same bullshit all the way up the ladder, just with different labels for the competing sides. I guess what I’m trying to say is that... I want to understand what drives you. Why do you even bother? You’re obviously not an idealist; you don’t even care about this school, and yet, you’re the one fighting the most.”

“I wouldn’t put it quite like that… It’s more…” I sighed. “Look, I’m in a very complicated situation. It’s not something I can easily explain or prove, so I just suck it up and keep moving forward. The only difference between you and me is luck. Nothing else. I’m desperate to win because I’m the one who has the most to lose.” I pursed my lips. “No, that’s wrong. Everyone loses if I fail. I’m just the one who’s most aware of what’s at stake here. In a way, giving up would be horribly unethical of me. I have no other choice. I just force myself to make the best of things. Imagine Sisyphus as happy, you know? It’s the only way to rebel against fate.”

“You say it like it’s so simple. I’ve been at this for what feels like a long time, and I’m nearly at my wits end. You, on the other hand, have made more progress than me in three short weeks. It’s stupid and unfair, but here we are, forming a coalition against the XSMG, just like I fantasized. I can’t complain. I can’t even afford to envy you." Suzan trailed off into a gentle smile. "You’re really amazing, you know that?”

“Well, I don’t like to boast, but…”

Suzan chortled. “Some modesty wouldn’t hurt you, though.”

“I like to think it would ruin my charm.” I smiled.

“Right. The same charm, I’m assuming, that continually gets you in trouble?”

“Hey, I’m not claiming it’s perfect. What? Did Jessica tell you what happened when we met?”

“Not really. I just guessed you’re always running your mouth.”

I smirked and shrugged. “Fair enough.”

----------------
----------------

As I finished up my Kaiser article, I leaned back on my chair and rubbed my hands together to warm myself up. I was alone in the library’s computer lab, so the stale air felt bone-chilling despite my thin jacket. I hesitated when I hovered the mouse cursor above the submit button on the page. This subject was more dangerous than anything I’d tackled before. I brushed off the risk when I was speaking to Jessica, but I’d be lying if I said it didn’t worry me. 

Whatever. I knew I’d be making enemies as Kaiser from the very beginning. I can’t pussy out now. This mad priest is on the other side of the world, running a complex military campaign. I doubt a simple internet article will affect him at all. 

I sighed and clicked the mouse, noticing a bunch of tension I wasn’t aware of leave my body. I then stood up, gathered my things, and left the computer lab. Leaving the library, I spotted a pair of women who were leering at me with disgust in their face. 

They shared a few words with each other, nodded a few times, and walked away. I rolled my eyes and navigated my way out of the university. Those were obviously Tiffany supporters. I was tempted to ask them what the hell they were looking at, but I realized that was just my impulsiveness taking over. The last thing I needed was another scandal.

For a brief moment, walking down the long slope of the university, I felt like today I actually accomplished something of worth. I even smiled. Then I remembered I was still dead last in the race and quickly sank into self-loathing again. 

I fell for Emily’s taunts and attacked Aaron. I tricked the presidents into thinking I was a competent and perceptive man, when really, I just cheated to win their trust. I’m sure Suzan meant to compliment me, but her words only worsened my guilt. I didn’t deserve any of her praise. I hated that I was falling into old habits. Lying, cheating, assaulting others. I thought I was past that when Emily died, when I finally graduated from highschool and got into college, but my actions revealed I was still the same sneaky bastard from before. I hadn’t grown one bit. 

Is that why I felt so bitter? No. That wasn’t it. These thoughts were a symptom, not the cause. I was avoiding a deeper question burning inside of me. A worrying possibility sparked by Suzan’s doubts.

Was I wasting my time with all of this? Not just with the election or the Kaiser scheme, but with ruling the world in general. In the future, I could seriously cause more harm than good. It was almost inevitable I would trigger another world war if everything went according to plan. I can’t even trick a bunch of students without feeling bad about it. 

Could I shoulder the suffering of millions, if not billions? More troubling than that though, was the fact that the author could just get bored with the story. Or the audience could lose interest. If everything went according to plan, there wouldn’t be any excitement in the story. But I’m not about to sabotage myself to keep the story engaging. It just wasn’t worth it. I was fine with putting myself through all this strife if it got me what I wanted, but if it stopped halfway through, if my story never reached its ending, all this self-imposed agony would be completely meaningless. 

I got out my cellphone and texted Lain:

*”How much of the voting pool does Tiffany control now?”*

*”Sixty-five percent. Shawn’s attempts have increased the voting pool, but not enough to usurp Tiffany’s lead.”*

Just like I thought. I’d told Suzan that I would come up with something, and now I was starting to regret giving her hope. I couldn’t fathom a way I could win in this scenario. Even if I somehow found a way to dispel Tiffany’s hypnosis, I’d only be freeing up more votes for Shawn. I wouldn’t gain anything. Other than a moral victory, I guess. There wasn’t anything I could do about it at the moment. 

By the time I reached the bottom of the hill, the sun had already set. Little by little houses and buildings would turn on their lights, bringing life to the darkened city. I wanted to buy a lighter before I got to my apartment. The last thing I needed was not being able to smoke. I craved the escapism weed provides. It was the only way I could quell my negativity. 

I stopped by a minimarket nearby. It was a rather small establishment squished between two large buildings. With its narrow entrance and a deep back wall, it looked more like a long hallway than a convenience store. Inside, a radio played a pop tune, low but noticeable as background noise. Five waist-high shelves were organized in rows, stocked with miscellaneous items, like chips and candy. 

A trio of girls then entered the store and followed me with their eyes, silently glaring while I walked towards the cashier. They then went to a corner and started browsing around, looking at me every few seconds. I tested the lighter to make sure it worked, payed for it, and made my way to the exit. My skin crawl as I stepped into the street. They way those women stared at me left me unnerved. Judging by their expression, you’d think I’d just killed an infant in front of them. I shrugged at nothing in particular and started the final hike. 

I was tired. My shoulders got stiffer the longer I walked, with my backpack pulling in the opposite direction I was heading. From there I was still twenty minutes away from my apartment. I needed to reach the summit and walk downhill again before getting home. The streets were completely empty. Not a single person or car passed me by while I walked up the steep hill. This was normal during this time of the evening, but it didn’t make me feel less alone.

A girl stood underneath a lamp post, illuminated by its yellow light. She was around my age and a few inches taller than me, with short black hair, neck tattoos, and a big lip piercing. I mostly ignored her and tried to walk past her. It’s not like I hadn’t seen weirder people before.

She stepped in front of me, blocking my path. I moved to the left, and so did she. She then mirrored my movements when I swerved right. I took a deep breath and looked her in the eyes, saying:

“What do you want?”

“Your cooperation” she replied. 

“Well I don’t feel like being cooperative, so fuck off.” 

She pulled out a box cutter, extending its blade as much as it allowed. “Care to reconsider?”

I widened my eyes for a second and swallowed. “Not really.”

She took a step forward, and I took one back. She took another, and so did I. She lunged at me blade first, and I sprinted away as fast as I could. 

Great. Just fucking great! Someone sent their goon after me! 

I felt the ground escape me the faster I ran. It was more like jumping downwards the more I accelerated. I *knew* this would happen! I’m surprised it took this long to occur. Is it related to Kaiser or the election? Did it matter? I turned my head backwards to see if the psycho chick was chasing me. 

Unsurprisingly, she was. I was faster than her, but she wasn’t about to give up yet.

I took a wrong step and lost my footing, falling face forward and tumbling down the hill. Hitting the coarse sidewalk at awkward angles, I crashed into a pile of garbage cans that painfully stopped me from rolling onwards. I groaned. My head was spinning, but I needed to stand up. I couldn’t afford to just lie there until I felt better.

I wobbled back on my feet in a few seconds, but someone kicked me in the gut, throwing me back to the ground. I failed to inhale. I couldn’t breathe. Whoever kicked me was now stepping on my chest. I grabbed their ankle with both hands, pushing it away a few inches from my body, and then someone with sneakers stepped on my throat, causing me to wince and release my grip. 

I scratched with my nails the newcomer's leg. That only made them angrier, increasing the weight on my throat. It wasn’t working. Nothing was working. 

The lighter! I brought it out of my pocket and set the sneakers on fire. It took a moment to register but, after hearing a woman cry out in pain, my throat was no longer being crushed. I then stiffened my abdomen and sank my teeth into the other foot on my chest, tearing off a chunk of flesh when I pulled away. 

“He bit me!” shouted another woman. “He fucking bit me!”
 
The irony taste of blood lingered in my mouth as I spat out the remnants of skin. I was free. I jumped to my feet and tried to run, but three different people grabbed me from behind and slammed me against the nearest wall. I was still standing. Barely. Though I quickly realized I was surrounded by six women. The same women five I saw throughout my journey home and the psycho with the box cutter, who had caught up by now. One nursed her leg wound behind the others, scowling with murderous intent in her eyes. 

I leaned back on the wall, smiled, and said:

“So you’re just gonna kill me? Am I that much of a threat?”

“No,” replied the woman with the boxcutter, “if you do what we say, we won’t hurt you.”

“Much” said the one with the bitten leg.

“Right.” The boxcutter psycho smiled. “We won’t hurt you *much*.”

A girl with long, brown hair looked around and confirmed no one was around. Her face was tense with trepidation, but morphed into a determined frown before she said:

“Let’s just get this over with. Drag him into that alley. I… I don’t want to do this out in the open.”

The boxcutter psycho nodded and carefully approached me, making sure I wasn’t able to run without getting stabbed. I didn’t have a choice. At the end of the day, I’m still afraid of death. How pathetic. The psycho gently placed the blade on my neck and gestured at the other women, who then restrained me by my arms and pulled me into the alley. Once we were behind a large, green dumpster, the girl with brown hair started undressing. 

She wasn’t particularly attractive or anything, but it still made my mouth gape open. The boxcutter was still pressed on my neck, so I just watched without making a comment. I felt nauseous. The rancid smell of garbage, the persistent taste of blood in my mouth, my quickened pulse and blistering headache. It all combined into horrible sense of disorientation. I then said:

“What the hell is going on?”

“Don’t get excited” said the now half-naked woman. “This is for the greater good.”

“Greater good?” I replied. “What kind of twisted logic could possibly justify any of this?”

The boxcutter psycho pressured the blade on my neck, stinging, but not piercing, my skin. “The same twisted logic men have used to oppress us for centuries! You brought this on yourself.”

“I haven’t been around for centuries! I don’t have anything to do with that!”

“Yes you do! You’re part of the problem! You’re so privileged, your mere existence oppresses us! You even have the gall to slander the one good person in our university. All that hate towards Tiffany. Do you have any idea how much she cried after the debate?!?”

“Oh no!” I said, as mockingly as possible. “I hurt her feelings? Whatever will she do?”

The woman whose leg I bit punched me in the nose. “You gave them permission to attack her!”

My head recoiled back, but it wasn’t that strong a blow. “Heh, you punch like a girl.”

Her eyes widened before she punched me again. And again. And a third time, before the boxcutter chick said:

“Stop! We need him conscious, remember?” She looked at me. “One more snarky comment and I’ll carve out your tongue, got it?”

I nodded lazily. The punches had left me in a brief daze. 

“Good. Now here’s how this will go down. You are gonna pull your dick out and grope Veronica here,” she gestured at the undressed woman, “and she’ll pretend that you’re forcing yourself on her. We’ll record it on our phones, let you go, and with this concrete evidence we’ll finally get you expelled.”

“This is retarded.”

“No”, said Veronica. “This is justice!” 

“No one will believe you!”

“Yes they will!” said the boxcutter psycho. “If they think cis-scum like you could be in a relationship with Tiffany, then painting you as a rapist will be less far fetched.”

The boxcutter chick then pushed me towards Veronica. I had to keep them talking. Stall. Buy time to think of something. I quickly said:

“You’re all fucking hypocrites! How is this any different from a gangrape?!? If you have a shred of empathy, if you understand the suffering of victimized groups, then why the fuck are you perpetuating this crap?!?” 

“We’re not!” shouted Veronica. “This is just an example of something that happens every day! Even if this is staged, it’s still a common thing! I have no problem sacrificing my dignity if it takes you down. It’s not real, but it’ll raise awareness! When you get lynched, women everywhere will feel safe knowing that rape culture is being fought against!”

“You’re insane!” I looked at every woman around me. “You’re all insane! I hope you get raped, just so you understand how serious this is! You wouldn’t be doing this shit if you really knew how horrible it is!” I pointed at Veronica. “And you’re a fucking whore! You’re no different from those sluts that use their bodies to get ahead. Have you ever thought for yourself? Don’t you feel the slightest bit of guilt over this?!?”

“I own my body! I can do whatever the fuck I want with it! Of course I think for myself!”

“You don’t own your body! Tiffany does! If you thought for yourself, you wouldn’t need to fall back on the same pre-packaged arguments every time! You’re fighting rape culture by raping me? Are you even listening to yourself?”

Veronica took a step back. She looked at her companions and then back at me. Her expression softened. Doubt. Guilt. A flurry of different emotions visibly tore her apart. “I… I can’t do this anymore. I don’t… I don’t…”

“We had a plan!” shouted the boxcutter psycho. “Don’t let him get to you! He’s just manipulating us!”

“No Claire!” said Veronica. “This is wrong! How are we any better than them if-”

Veronica blinked and hesitated. 

I had a bad feeling about this. 

She then gripped her head, fell to her knees, and let out a bloodcurdling scream. The psycho dropped her boxcutter and clung to the dumpster to not lose her balance. She then repeatedly slammed her head against the dumpster, crying out like a wounded animal. One by one the others fell prey to the same phenomenon, some puking and convulsing on the floor. I took me moment to understand, but it became obvious after a little thinking.

Tiffany’s hypnosis was doing this to them. They finally thought for themselves and it conflicted with their beliefs, crippling their minds. Just like Rose and me a week ago. I looked out of the alley. No witnesses. 

I took a deep breath, relaxed myself, and grabbed the boxcutter. 

Emily appeared in front of me and said:

“Nice! Slice their throats! That way, they can’t follow you and do this again. It’ll send a message to Tiffany. She’ll think twice before sending her lackeys after you again.”

I ignored her words, walking past Emily and towards one of the women. 

It would be so easy to murder them. One quick slip of the wrist and a lot of problems would solve themselves. They tried to frame. They emasculated and disrespected me. I’m pretty sure I busted my knee when I tripped back there. The simple pleasure of getting revenge was tempting, but even more than that... Emily was right. Tiffany wouldn’t mess with me again if I did this. I knew how to clean up my trail. There weren’t any cameras in the alley or in this part of town. The infrastructure was too old. Hell, in the unlikely event that this got traced back to me, I could still claim it was self-defense. 

And yet, I couldn’t bring myself to do it.

“Why?!?” shouted Emily.

“Because it’s wrong.”

“Wrong? So killing me was wrong?”

I frowned. “It was.”

“But it saved a bunch of lives, didn’t it?”

“Yeah…”

“And you don’t regret it.”

“I do!”

“You can’t lie to me, Emmett. I’m in your brain. I know everything you think, even if you can’t bring yourself to see it. You *want* to kill them. Just like you wanted to kill me. It’s taking every ounce of willpower you have to fight the urge.”

“No! Fuck you, Emily!” I fell to my knees, gripping my head. “G-get out of my head!”

Emily crouched in front of me. “You’re scared. Not of the consequences, or getting caught. The only thing holding you back is being judged by the reader, because you know they’re seeing this. If you thought you were alone, you wouldn’t even think twice of going through with this.”

I started hyperventilating. “P-please. Stop. I don’t want to know this. Just leave me alone!”

“You’re a fake, Emmett. You’re only holding back because you feel like you have to. You’re not really a good person. The reader knows it. You’re just playing a role. You’re pretending for the audience. So they think you’re a hero. A good guy. A protagonist. But you’re not being true to yourself. And it’s showing.” Emily smiled. “You’re just an actor. And you’re losing your audience every time you make a boring, responsible choice. Manifest yourself, Emmett! Show your true nature! Fiction is full of murderers! They’re the most interesting people to watch! The reader won’t mind! They’ll love you for it! So make a damn choice, exercise your free will, and grab the plot by the balls!”

“Y-you’re right.” I took a deep breath. “I have to make a choice.” I crawled over to the woman. “This plot’s never been in my control. Not since the start. I need to do something about it.”

I reached into her pocket, got out her cellphone, and called nine-one-one.

“But not like this.” I stood up with weakened legs. “I already beat them, Emily.”

Emily sighed. “I wanted you to lower my coffin so you could let me down one last time, but it seems you can still disappoint me after I’m dead. Good job, loser.”

The errant thought disappeared when I left the alley. I was alone again. Everything felt blurry around me, like the world had gotten out of focus. I placed the boxcutter in the same pocket I put my new lighter. I didn’t want to be defenseless if someone tried to attack me again. 

Nothing else happened while I limped my way home. 

I felt sick. 

I took a hot bath, changed into my sleeping clothes, and smoked a joint. 

It didn’t help. It didn’t even dull my emotions. I couldn’t sleep, I couldn’t relax, I couldn’t stop going over the mental picture of what happened. Emily was right. I almost killed again. 

No. I’m stronger than that. There’s no way I would’ve killed them. Emily was just messing with me. She was lying.

“Oh really?” said Emily. “Then why don’t you ask Lain? That’ll clear it up real quick.”

I looked around my apartment. I couldn’t see Emily. My cellphone was on the desk. I approached the desk, my hands shaking when I picked up the cellphone. I stopped. Why couldn’t I ask Lain? Emily then said:

“Because you already know the answer. You can lie to yourself, but you can’t lie to me. And as soon as Lain responds, the reader will know the truth too.”

I gripped the cell phone tightly and placed it on the desk. 

I couldn’t do it. 

Defeated, I turned on my computer to distract myself some more. I needed something to fill my mind. I was also curious about the reception to my Kaiser article. There were a lot of comments. Thousands. They had a strange trend in them, though. 

Most of them were talking about… Shawn?

It seemed he uploaded a new video. A really popular one, with millions of views. It’s title was… 

"**Kaiser’s Identity Revealed!!!**"

I got up, walked into my bathroom, and stared at myself in the mirror with an empty gaze. My face was bruised. I hadn’t noticed. I looked like shit but I didn’t care. I thought I'd hit my limit in anger, but now it transcended past that. Emptiness. Serene hatred. Asphyxiated. A complex cocktail of emotions I couldn't really describe. 

A drop of sweat ran down my forehead. I wanted to avoid clicking on that video for as long as possible. 

How? Why now? 

I punched the mirror, feeling the glass shatter under my knuckles, then closed my eyes, ignoring the pain.

Fuck. My. Life.

----------------
>I bit my lip before saying:
 
“Whatever you want.”
 
“What if I just want you to fail?”
 
“Oh come on. Look, I can respect petty vengeance. I get it. It shows you’re willing to stick to your principles even when it isn’t convenient. But think about it. Back in the meeting, you said you were there to see if you could get more out of me than Shawn. That means there’s *something* you’re after. This is your only chance to get the best deal from me.”
 
“Not necessarily” said Aaron. “Plus, I don’t trust you. You’re just gonna trick me with a loophole or something.”
 
“The only reason I want to use your clubroom is to beat the shit out of those SJWs. You’re not my enemy here.”
 
“Right, you just manhandled me in front of the other presidents because you’re my friend.” 
 
I sighed. “I’m not above admitting my mistakes; it was stupid on my part to act that way. You gotta believe me, I regret it, I really do.”
 
“Of course you regret it.” Aaron chuckled. “Now that you need something from me.”
 
“Yeah, I need something from you. Something that you also crave. Let’s ignore the fact that you hate these feminists, let’s ignore the fact that this university will be wrecked if we don’t stop them soon. Even excluding those two things, you can’t deny that it’ll be incredibly entertaining to see them get their asses kicked by us. Do you really want to rob yourself of that pleasure? Do you hate me so much that you’d rather see Tiffany win?”
 
Aaron muttered something under his breath and said:
 
“Could I stay in the clubroom until I find a new place?”
 
I looked at Lucas, who said:
 
“I don’t see why we couldn’t arrange something…”
 
“Yeah,” I said, “even if the rules don’t allow it, me and Lucas can just stay quiet about this. No one else has to know.”
 
“Right” said Lucas. “Also, the dean isn’t heartless. If you bring up your case with him, he might let you stay.”
 
 “R-really?” said Aaron. 
 
“Of course,” I said, “so will you let us in?”
 
“Hell no. It’s still not worth it for me.”
 
I squeezed my face and rubbed my forehead.
 
Lucas then said:
 
“What about your club? Are you telling me you’re completely satisfied with your budget?”
 
“My dad donated most of the computers, arcade cabinets, and even the projector screen we have here. We don’t depend on your money.”
 
“But…?” 
 
“But…” said Aaron, “there’s a bit of school policy I’d liked changed.”
 
“Fine,” I said, “just spill it.”
 
“I want to make membership into this club exclusive for men, and I can’t do that right now because the rules say it’s discrimination.”
 
Lucas frowned. “You’re joking...”
 
I nodded and said:
 
“Even if it were doable, why would you want that? You do realize you’ll be hindering your club’s growth, right?”
 
“I don’t care!” said Aaron. “I’m sick of having my club plagued by idiotic drama! The minute you add women into the mix, the guys start tripping over each other to impress them. Seriously, chicks ruin everything! It doesn’t even matter if she’s ugly! Or as non-flirty as humanly possible! These thirsty motherfuckers will do anything to get their dick wet, to the point where this club is more about ogling gamer chicks that about the games themselves! Then the guys start whiteknighting every day, get salty when one cucks another, and leave the club!”
 
I scratched my head, shooting a glance at Lucas and saying:
 
“That’s… actually understandable. I get you’re frustrated, but do you really think banning women is the solution? There has to be a middle ground here. Games are for everyone; not just men.”
 
“There isn’t one! Women are incapable of compromise without throwing a fit! You can’t even criticize them without having five men jump in to defend them! They have no room to grow as people because their childishness keeps getting validated by idiots that want to get laid! It’s no wonder they act like entitled bitches! They’re so used to having everything done for them, that the second you’re not one-hundred percent accommodating, you’re called an insensitive asshole! They don’t even tolerate each other! I haven’t had one girl join the club without hearing her shittalk another female she met here. I’m just tired of this bullshit! I… I just wanted to play games with other people! Now I can’t even set up a Street Fighter tournament without hearing complaints about Cammy’s ass!”
 
“Aaron,” said Lucas, “even if I agreed with everything you said, which I don’t, I’m pretty sure that what you’re asking for is illegal.”
 
“It isn’t” said Aaron. “If christian schools can discriminate against those who don’t practice their religion, then there has to be a way to do the same for women. Hell, the catholic church doesn’t allow female priests. Why are they still allowed to do that?”
 
“We still can’t” said Lucas. “We’re already on national news every other week. It’ll cause a shitstorm if we start banning women!”
 
“Then screw you guys! I’m going back to watching the campus burn.”
 
“Wait! Just wait a sec.” I pulled Lucas away from the door and lowered my voice. “Are you sure we can’t do that?”
 
Lucas narrowed his eyes. “Emmett, I realize you want to win badly, but that’s going a bit too far. We can’t let this douchebag kick women out of his club. It’s not fair to anyone involved.”
 
“It’s just a stupid club. Who cares? Hell, Aaron won't be president forever.”
 
Lucas raised his index finger, wagging it a bit. “If there was a woman present here, a normal, kind girl that likes video games and hasn’t done anything wrong, would you feel comfortable giving merit to Aaron’s logic?”
 
“I… No.”
 
“That’s what I thought.”
 
I crossed my arms. “We don’t have time for this. Adam could attack us at any moment.”
 
“Then lie and say you’ll do everything he asks. Nothing’s stopping you from doing that.”
 
“No.” I pursed my lips. “I can’t. I have to prove I’m a man of my word. If I go back on my deal, I’d just be a manipulator, like Tiffany.”
 
“I don’t know what else to say, Emmett. Like you said, the clock’s ticking, so you better come up with something soon.”
 
I took a deep breath and walked back to the door. “Aaron, you there?”
 
“Yeah.”
 
“I’m sorry, we just can’t give you this. At least, not now. Look, you’re already getting a free place to live in, and I promise to work with you on this issue if I win the election. But things are really serious, okay? We’re on a deadline here. Tiffany’s people are bloodthirsty and they’re coming for us soon. They’ve already tried to kill me and Lucas.” I widened my eyes, realizing a new angle I could use. “They tried to burn us alive, just like with your apartment.”
 
“Yeah!” Lucas nodded along, noticing my intention. “Are you sure it was freak accident? What if some crazy feminist chick was gunning for you?”
 
“Hmm…” said Aaron, “now that you mention it, the fire marshal did say there was something suspicious about it...”
 
“R-right” I said. “The probability is low, but maybe you pissed off the wrong woman. I was actually ambushed last monday by the president of the XSMG. They were trying to frame me with rape! And they’re no strangers to arson. They literally burnt down a tree to get to us.”
 
“That’s the same day my apartment burnt down! Maybe there’s something to what you’re saying.”
 
“Exactly! We have a bunch of injured players because of them, and even Shawn’s bleeding out in the lobby. We just need your keys to get into the infirmary, and I really don’t want to leave Shawn lying on the ground. Even if you don’t like me, can’t you let him stay there with you?”
 
“Oh…” said Aaron.
 
He remained silent for a while. I looked at Lucas, who just shrugged. The locks clicked and the door swung open. Aaron then stepped forward and said:
 
“You didn’t mention people were hurt. How bad is it?”
 
“Some guys were hit by golf clubs and baseball bats. Nothing too serious, but Shawn took a bad fall and now has a bone sticking out of his leg.”
 
“Damn…” said Aaron. “I didn’t know things were that bad. I just thought the SJWs were throwing a tantrum, not going around attacking people.” He swallowed painfully. “O-okay. You can use my clubroom. But just this once.”
 
I narrowed my eyes. That was too quick. Why would he even care about the injured? Just a minute ago, he was laughing his ass off at people seizing up and vandalizing everything. Lucas prodded me slightly and said:
 
“Something wrong, Emmett?”
 
I shook my head. “No. I’ll just stay here, if you don’t mind.”
 
“Okay” said Lucas. “I’ll go help bring Shawn up.”
 
I entered the club after Lucas left, suppressing my astonishment at how cool it looked. It felt like a fancy arcade or net cafe, a gamer’s paradise. Aaron stared at me, expecting a reaction, but I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of impressing me. I just remained stoic as I scanned the place, much to his annoyance. 
 
It was a wide room, carpeted with swirls of green over a dark-blue rug, with twenty gaming computers lined up on the left wall and a few beanbag chairs at the far end in front of three televisions, each with a current generation game console. Opposite to the computers were a big variety of arcade cabinets, including House of the Dead 2, The King of Fighters '98, and even Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike. I blinked a few times when I saw a Tekken Seven station. I’d never seen one before in real life. That game hadn’t even come out yet. It was only available in a few arcades spread throughout Asia. How the hell did Aaron get his hands on that? 
 
Some minutes later, Lucas and Elliot showed up with Shawn, leaving him on a large, black sofa in the middle of the room. Shawn looked delirious at this point. He sweated heavily with a ruddy face and groaned every few seconds before falling unconscious. 
 
A large projector screen hanged a few feet away from the sofa. Aaron got out a controller, clicked it, and the screen lit up with nine different camera angles displayed on it. They were in black and white, with no audio, but as Aaron cycled through the different parts of the campus, I realized that it was perfect for our purposes. 
 
While Aaron led the others towards the infirmary, I heard Blake say on the radio:
 
“Emmett, we have a bit of a situation here. Can you come down?”
 
I sighed. What now?
 
I reached the lobby, seeing the uninjured athletes, soccer and football players alike, sulking. They were spread out across the room, some deep in meditation or prayer, while others just paced around and fidgeted with their hands. Seeing their teammates, their friends, take nasty hits back there shook them to their very core. The passionate energy they exuded when saving us looked depleted now, like they finally understood they could easily wind up hospitalized tonight... or even dead. I needed to do something to motivate them. If they faced the enemy like this, they would surely lose.
 
They also seemed numb to the fact that Sarah, with ten cheerleaders behind her, was in a heated argument with Blake in the middle of the lobby. I furrowed my brow. Sarah? I stepped in between them and said:
 
“Whoa, whoa, people, chill out. What’s going on? Sarah, what are you even doing here?”
 
Sarah pointed a Blake. “This asshole’s being a sexist prick again.”
 
“I’m not!” said Blake. “I’m just being realistic.”
 
I frowned. “Get to the point.”
 
Blake then said:
 
“Sarah wants to help fight the XSMG and I’m telling her she can’t.”
 
“Because you think we’re too fragile!” Sarah crossed her arms, pouting. “It’s bullshit!”
 
“Come on Emmett. Back me up.” Blake turned to Sarah. “It’s great that you want to help and all, I don’t want to downplay it, but these people are crazy violent. I really doubt any of you could take a punch, let alone a damn baseball bat to the face.”
 
“Wait.” I raised my hands, gesturing at Blake. “They could still be useful. We can’t just turn them away like that. We’re outnumbered here, and we need all the help we can get.”
 
“That’s not the point!” said Blake. “Look at my team. And Elliot’s guys too. They’re already scared! I’m worried we’ll have to focus more on protecting these chicks than on actually fighting. The more things we have to juggle, the harder everything’s going to get!”
 
“Screw you Blake!” said Sarah. “We don’t need any of you protecting us!”
 
“Ok, ok,” I said, “Sarah, just hear him out. It’s a fair point. It’s not about whether or not you’ll need protecting; it’s about the player’s mentality. If your mere presence can be a liability, we can’t just let you tag along. It’s really dangerous outside, you know, which makes me wonder... How did you even get here?”
 
Sarah shrugged. “We ran. We’re pretty flexible, so even when they cornered us, we just dodged everything they threw at us. We were heading for the main gate, but then we saw you guys...” She clasped her hands together, pleading. “Please, most of my team is actively hunting us, and Rose is leading them.” She glanced downwards. “Sh-she said I was a weak leader. That I was just as bad as you.” She perked up, forming a fist with her right hand. “That’s why I want to help too! I let this happen. In a way, this is just as much my responsibility as it is yours. We’re going whether you want us to or not.”
 
“Goddamn it…” I sighed. “You do realize we’re gonna hurt them, right? These guys have already been attacked by them, they were nearly killed in some cases, and they want payback. They’re not gonna pull any punches, male or female. Are you sure you want to see that? Your teammates getting beaten by a bunch of pissed off men?”
 
Sarah softened her face, but then scowled and said:
 
“Fuck ‘em. I’ve been defending them this whole time, and *this* is how they repaid me. I visited Rose every day she was in the hospital... I thought she was my friend… But no. They’re crazy and they need to be taken out. If this is the only way to stop them, then so be it.”
 
“We can’t turn them away, Blake.” I smirked. “In fact, they just gave me an idea.”
 
“What?” said Blake.
 
“Do you have the keys to your supply lockers?”
 
“Yeah… Why?”
 
“We’re gonna get you guys suited up. The helmets and pads should give you an edge against their weapons. Less injuries; better playoff chances.”
 
Blake nodded. “I like that.”
 
“But how are you getting to the stadium?” said Sarah. “They’re patrolling all over campus. It’s like they’re going out of their way to find people to lynch! We only got away because of there were few of us… But all of us at the same time? We’ll get spotted in minutes.” 
 
I smiled. “I know. That’s why we’re doing something a bit more deceitful.”
 
“That’s… ominous.”
 
“Just trust me.” I pulled out my radio. “Hey Lucas, you there?”
 
“Yeah” said Lucas. “We’re almost done patching up the guys. What’s up?”
 
“I just thought of a strategy, but it kinda hinges on you. Quick question…”
 
“Shoot” said Lucas.
 
“How comfortable are you with being bait?”
 
--------------------------
--------------------------
 
On the projector screen, I saw Lucas poke his head out of a corner, shaking a little with a worried face. Behind him were the cheerleaders and two of Elliot’s men, who all waited until Lucas gave them a signal to continue walking through the campus. Strangely enough, the cheerleaders weren’t nervous at all. At least, on the surface. They were silent and tense, just like the athletes accompanying them, but not to the point where it hindered their concentration. 
 
Lucas on the other hand… Well, he was doing his best. It took a tiny amount of convincing, and a metric ton of peer pressure, to get him agreeing with my plan. I felt kinda bad about pushing him into it, but I knew he wasn’t at that much risk. Tiffany needed him. The cheerleaders were also mostly safe. Sarah was pretty adamant about their ability to escape when needed. Ironically, I was more worried for the two soccer players than anyone else. They accompanied this group to make sure Lucas didn’t get hurt, but I didn’t really think they were necessary there. I only proposed it so that Lucas felt more secure.
 
Lucas activated his radio and said:
 
“We’re clear for now. What path should we take?”
 
I looked at the other camera angles, trying to find Adam’s entourage. The biggest problem about this whole setup was that we had to cycle through the different viewpoints manually. In an emergency situation, I wouldn’t be able to quickly find whatever camera we needed. Not to mention that there were a bunch of blind spots throughout campus, which meant that sometimes Lucas had to scout ahead without any visual aid from us. Sure, I could easily solve this issue using Lain, but not without Aaron noticing. He stood next to me this whole time, watching and commenting whenever he felt like it. He would definitely start asking questions if I texted anyone now. Questions I’d rather not be asked, let alone answer. 
 
I clicked my radio. “They’re still circling the biology department, but there’s a stray group on the left path. Take the right one, towards the engineering department.”
 
“Okay” said Lucas, leading his group a bit more confident now.
 
“I don’t get it,” said Aaron, “if the point is to create a diversion, why are you actively avoiding them? You promised me violence, Wilfery!”
 
I frowned. “It’s not rocket science. We need to buy as much time as we can for now. Besides, after Lucas walks through this section, we won’t be able to avoid them anymore.” 
 
Aaron rolled his eyes. “Whatever.”
 
Once they were in front of the engineering department, Lucas stopped and gaped at the building. It was covered in mediocre graffiti, miscellaneous trash, and broken windows. Lucas flinched, presumably because of a loud sound, and said into the radio:
 
“A-are they in there?”
 
“No. Rose is on the other side of the building. Once you turn that next corner, you’ll be spotted by them.”
 
“So... do we go now?”
 
“Not yet. Elliot, you ready to pursue?”
 
“Yeah” said Elliot.
 
“What about me?” said Blake. 
 
“You guys stay put. We can’t draw them away from your route yet.”
 
“Alright” said Blake. 
 
I took a deep breath, clutching my radio. “Okay Lucas, showtime.”
 
Lucas nodded at his group, walking past the engineering building and towards the corner. He took a wavering step, and then another, before an exasperated Sarah pushed him to go faster. He stumbled for a moment and tripped a few meters forward, falling on the pavement in full view of Rose and thirty men and women, who all held blunt weapons, like pipes and wooden planks. 
 
Rose pointed at Lucas with a baseball bat and shouted:
 
“GET HIM!!!”
 
Lucas widened his eyes, frozen.
 
The pack of rioters stampeded towards him, except for a woman that ran away in the opposite direction. A messenger, I assumed, reporting to Adam and Claire as fast as she could.
 
Sarah ran up to Lucas, grabbed him by his collar, and pulled him upwards, dragging him in a mad dash, joined by the other people in their group. 
 
Rose grit her teeth when she spotted Sarah, running past her own goons in a deranged posture. 
 
Lucas then said on the radio:
 
“Where do we go?!?”
 
“Take the next right!” I replied. “It’ll lead you to the auditorium!”
 
I took the projector’s controller and clicked through the different cameras, but couldn’t find the next viewpoint. I then heard Lucas say:
 
“We’re in the courtyard! What now?!?”
 
I was still flipping through the channels. I couldn’t find the damn place.
 
“Emmett!” said Lucas. “Are you there?!?”
 
“Yeah! Just gimme a sec!”
 
“We don’t *have* a fucking sec!”
 
Aaron snatched the controller out of my hands and quickly found the channel. Lucas’ group were in the center of the courtyard, near the main entrance to the theater. 
 
A second mob, led by Adam, slowly formed on the west, the same direction Lucas was heading in. He couldn’t see them because they hid behind the buildings near that exit. There were four ways to enter this courtyard, two of which were free. Unfortunately, one of those led back to the student center so, really, there was only one option. I then said:
 
“Stop! They’re doing an ambush! Go for the north exit!”
 
Lucas swerved right, followed by his group.
 
Rose didn’t hesitate in changing directions, pursuing Sarah and Lucas with unrelenting anger.  
 
Adam frowned, barking orders and leaving with his people through the same place he defended. 
 
I grinned. It went just as planned. Adam was repeating the same tactic he used against us. He wanted to flank Lucas further ahead and trap him. How insulting. Does he really think that trick will work on me twice? 
 
I grabbed my radio and said:
 
“Elliot, they have no back up now. You ready?”
 
“Yeah! We’re almost there!”
 
“Brilliant! Engage! Lucas, turn on them!”
 
Lucas signaled his group and they all stopped running, turning abruptly to face Rose’s gang. This surprised Rose, who ordered her goons to stop as well. She then squinted, examining the situation, and finally heard the many footsteps behind her. 
 
Elliot and the rest of the soccer team charged straight for them. I had them follow Lucas’ group from a distance this whole time, hiding as well as they could to not get spotted by anyone. That was the weakness of Adam’s flanking strategy. It made him split his forces in two, leaving them vulnerable to a ‘hit and run’ approach. In other words, a group of speedy soldiers who can outmaneuver their opponents, like mongolian cavalry or say… a team of dexterous athletes, can safely attack an isolated enemy contingent, defeat them or deal significant damage, and retreat before the main force can react. 
 
As the soccer players converged on them, Rose lunged at Sarah with her baseball bat, swinging it wildly without any rhyme or reason. 
 
Sarah ducked under Rose’s swing and knocked her out with a haymaker. 
 
Elliot and his men then surrounded Rose’s group almost instantly. The rioters squeezed together and defended themselves with a couple of weak swings, but hit each other by accident due to their limited space. Most of them were out cold after a couple of well-placed punches and kicks from the athletes. No injuries on our side, either. 
 
I looked at Aaron and said:
 
“Find Adam’s location. I want to see his next move.”
 
Aaron glared at me, but still did as he was told. 
 
Adam stood in front of the humanities department perplexed, his face wrinkled in confusion. He then continued onward, assuming he would encounter Lucas further ahead.
 
I said into my radio:
 
“Elliot, Lucas, start heading for the west exit of the courtyard. Adam’s coming through the north exit soon.”
 
“Wait,” said Shawn, “shouldn’t they split up again? Do it again and whittle them down?”
 
Me and Aaron turned around, taken aback. Shawn sat upright on the couch, careful to not move his now bandaged leg. I then said:
 
“How long have you been awake?”
 
“A minute or two. It’s weird. My leg doesn’t hurt as much.”
 
“Yeah,” said Aaron, “we gave you a local anesthetic from the nurse’s office.”
 
“Oh, thanks… whoever you are.” 

“I’m Aaron. Gaming club president.”

Shawn nodded. “Nice to meet you, I’m Shawn Greenfield.”

“I… I know.”

“Cool.” Shawn looked at me. “But anyways, you shouldn’t drop a successful strategy like this. Keep using it until it stops working. I doubt he’ll think of a counter in time.”
 
“No,” I replied, “it won’t work again. At least, not how I want it to work. Adam’s gonna know he was tricked, and even if he didn’t, it would take four or five more skirmishes to win, if we’re lucky.”
 
“So?”
 
“So we don’t have time. People are in need of medical assistance, including you. I want to end this as soon as possible.”
 
“That’s… reasonable, I guess. But how are you gonna do it?”
 
I smiled. “Just watch.”
 
I turned around and saw Adam encounter Rose’s gang. He stomped his feet and shouted at nothing in particular until noticing one of the defeated people was still conscious. Adam interrogated this person, who pointed at west exit, and went in that direction, followed by his mob. 
 
I grabbed my radio and said:
 
“Okay Blake, the route is cleared. You can head for the stadium now. I can’t give you visual info while monitoring the others, so be careful not to get spotted. If you’re caught before you’re ready, run away. Don’t try to fight them.”
 
“Roger” said Blake. “We’ll be careful.”
 
Aaron changed the screen to find Lucas, Elliot, and Sarah. They were near the business school and some faculty buildings. 
 
“Lucas,” I said, “you guys can rest there for a bit.”
 
“You sure?” said Lucas.
 
“I can’t have you guys get too far ahead of Adam or he’ll give up and wander off. Remember, carrot and stick. We gotta dangle a reward in front of him to keep him distracted.”  
 
“I don’t like this” said Lucas. “We’re sitting ducks here.”
 
Sarah rolled her eyes. “Yeah, being bait is dangerous, who could’ve guessed?”
 
Lucas frowned. “That doesn’t make it any easier.”
 
Sarah narrowed her eyes. “A close friend just tried to kill me. You don’t get to complain in front of me.”
 
Lucas slumped forward, hanging his head. I then said:
 
“Elliot, take a couple of your fastest men and backtrack a bit. Once you’re seen by Adam, run back to Lucas.”
 
“Then what?” said Elliot.
 
“I uhh… I don’t know. You’ll have to play it by ear. I can’t really give you orders if I don’t know how Adam will react. If he tries to flank again, do another hit and run. If he just follows you guys without splitting up, you’ll have to keep running until Blake is ready.”
 
“A’ight” said Elliot. “Mark, Jay, let’s go!”
 
Two men followed Elliot as he left. Lucas sat on a cement bench, talking to Sarah while they killed time. I couldn’t hear what they were saying because the radio was off, but from the looks of it, they were starting to get along. Sarah laughed, Lucas smiled, and the soccer players chimed in with friendly banter of their own. That last battle seemed to give them all confidence. The fact that no one got injured probably gave them hope. I didn’t think they were aware of it, though. 
 
A few minutes later, Adam found Elliot’s squad. The soccer players ran away successfully, taking a few wrong turns to see if Adam would flank them. It didn’t happen. Adam kept his mob intact as he pursued them. Elliot picked up on this and headed towards Lucas, warning him on the radio when nearing their location. 
 
“Blake,” I said, “how are things on your end?”
 
“Good,” said Blake, “we’re almost there.”
 
“Perfect, as soon as you’re ready-”
 
“Fuck!” shouted Blake. “Scratch that, we’ve been spotted!”
 
“What?!? Damn it!” 
 
“Should I put him on the screen?” said Aaron.
 
“Yes!”
 
“Wait!” said Shawn. “Think rationally here. The main bulk of them are with Adam, right? The football players can’t be in bigger trouble than Lucas. If you don’t guide Lucas, you’re dooming him.”
 
“But Blake…”
 
“Look, it’s obvious Adam’s just biding his time to do a flank again. If you’re not careful, he’s gonna catch Lucas and company soon. You need to trust Blake.”
 
“Fine. You’re right.” I clicked my radio. “Blake, can you handle it?”
 
“Yeah! Don’t call off the plan! We can still make it!”
 
Elliot, Lucas, and Sarah were running together now. Elliot and Sarah looked fine, but Lucas seemed worn out. His arms flailed awkwardly every time he moved his legs, with his face all sweaty and ruddy the longer he kept up this pace. He should’ve taken off his suit to avoid heatstroke, but now wasn’t the time to tell him that. 
 
Adam’s mob gained on them, little by little. They weren’t slowed down whenever they took a corner or funneled into a narrow section. In fact, as the chase continued, a great number of people started joining the mob, totaling up to more than a hundred rioters. Adam then shouted an order and someone threw a molotov cocktail. 
 
It landed near Elliot, but it didn’t burn anyone.
 
Lucas yelped and ran even faster past the flames, but this burst of energy quickly faded away. He started lagging behind the group after a couple of seconds, leaning forward to catch his breath. 
 
“We made it to the stadium!” said Blake. 
 
“Great” I said. “But how..?”
 
“We fought the people who saw us.”
 
“What?” I scowled. “I told you to run!”
 
“There weren’t that many of them!”
 
“That’s not the point! If they realize where you are, the plan goes to hell!”
 
“We didn’t have a choice! If we ran, they would’ve just reported back to their leaders!”
 
“That’s true…” I sighed. “Forget what I said; it was a good call. Just let me know as soon as you’re suited up.”
 
Lucas fell behind the group. The mob was only a dozen feet away from him. Adam shouted another order and his underlings started throwing their pipes and golf clubs at Lucas. Despite this, Lucas still lost speed every other second. The strain on his face telegraphed he was going to collapse any moment now. 
 
One of the pipes landed on his calf, causing him to limp and lose his balance. 
 
Two soccer players slowed down and carried Lucas by his shoulders, helping him catch up with the rest of his group. 
 
A wooden plank crashed into a soccer player’s head, tripping him near Lucas. 
 
Lucas reached out with his hand, but the players helping him pulled him away before he could help. The mob stampeded over the fallen player, crushing him under their feet. 
 
Elliot screamed in agony, but kept running ahead of the group.
 
Blake then said:
 
“We’re almost ready!”
 
“Okay!” I said. “Elliot, Lucas, you heard the man. Head for the stadium!”
 
The group switched directions, heading back to the auditorium’s courtyard. Aaron cycled through the different angles for me. They were going too fast for us to stay on a single camera for more than a few seconds. Aaron started looking up cameras ahead of the group. They were keeping an even pace, with the mob only slightly behind them. Lucas was rejuvenated now, too. The other soccer players weren’t helping him anymore. He didn’t falter again, staying with the group at a respectable pace. 
 
Once they were nearing the stadium, I grabbed my radio and said:
 
“Okay, turn left on this next corner.”
 
“Are you sure?” said Lucas.  
 
“Yes! Just do it!”
 
The group ran past the gymnasium, turned a corner, and entered a long, wide alleyway between two buildings. The deeper they went inside, the more they slowed down, realizing that it was a dead end. 
 
“Emmett, what the hell?!?” shouted Lucas as he stopped in front of the wall. “We’re trapped!”
 
Adam led his mob into the alley, funneling them in a neat formation. They marched towards the group, wielding their blunt weapons with a cold gaze in their eyes. For the first time in all of this, the cheerleaders seemed scared, making themselves small and hiding behind the soccer players. The athletes raised their fists and tensed their muscles, preparing to fight back. Lucas joined them, surprising everyone around him. 
 
My heart started beating like it was about to explode. This was a huge gamble. Would it work? 
 
“Are you retarded?!?” said Aaron. “You just cornered them! Why are you so calm?!?”
 
I shrugged, swallowing a knot in my throat when Aaron turned away.
 
Adam then stepped forward and said:
 
“You know the drill, mister president. I’m not gonna repeat myself. Come with me or die.”
 
“F-fuck you!” Lucas pointed at Adam with trembling hands. “I don’t believe a damn word you say!”
 
“Fine then,” said Adam, “you brought this on yourself.”
 
The mob approached the group, winding up their weapons, when Blake screamed:
 
“LIONS ROAR!”
 
“LIONS ROAR!!!” shouted the rest of the football team as they ran into the rioters outside of the alley. 
 
The mob turned around as fast as they could, but the football players had already taken out twenty of them before they started fighting back. Their gear blocked most of the blows they received, allowing them to fight more recklessly than before. They raged and screamed, plowing through anyone who stepped in front of them.
 
A rioter ran up to Blake and smashed his baseball bat into the captain’s head. Blake was unaffected. The rioter swung again. Blake snatched the bat out of his hands and swung back at the rioter, knocking out a bunch of his teeth in the process. The rest of the football players only got more vicious as the fight prolonged, each of them taking on multiple groups of rioters at the same time. They were unstoppable. Possessed. Driven.
 
“Holy shit...” said Aaron. “These guys were all mopey a while ago. Where the hell did this energy come from?”
 
“You said it yourself.” I smiled. “The minute you add women into the mix, the guys start tripping over each other to impress them. Give ‘em a bunch of cute cheerleaders to save and they suddenly turn into grizzled warriors.”
 
The people on the other end of the alley were distracted by the fight, so Elliot took advantage of this and attacked them with his own team. Little by little, the mob dwindled down in size. There were around eighty of them remaining, still more than our side, but they were sandwiched between both of our groups and losing more people than us. 
 
“You sneaky bastard” said Aaron. “You planned all of this! You even flanked him back!”
 
“Yeah, I wanted to give him a taste of his own medicine.”
 
“That’s still not cool” said Shawn. “You put them all in danger without telling them.”
 
“In battle, disinformation is sometimes required for both enemies *and* allies.”
 
Shawn frowned, unimpressed. “Don’t pull any of that Sun Tzu crap on me, you know damn well that wasn’t fair to them!”
 
“It was the only thing I could think of! I didn’t have time to explain everything, step by step.”
 
“Right,” said Shawn, “through sheer randomness, you only left out the part that would’ve made them say no. How convenient.”
 
“It worked, okay? For an improvised plan, I think it did pretty well.”
 
“Oh really?” Shawn pointed behind me. “What about that?”
 
A bunch of soccer players were already writhing on the floor. A skinny guy with a bowl cut loomed over Elliot, preparing to land a finishing blow with his golf club. He raised his arms and swung with clenched teeth, until Lucas tackled him, saving Elliot.
 
Lucas wrestled with the guy, rolling on the pavement and clawing at each other. Sarah ran up to them, kicked the rioter on the scrotum, and helped Lucas up. The two of them then circled around Elliot, protecting his unconscious body. This wasn’t going as smoothly as I wished it did. We were at a stalemate now. We weren’t losing, but we weren’t winning either. The blood, the screams, the tears. It was horrifying and sad. Even the cheerleaders threw themselves into the battle once things got more dire. They couldn’t afford to surrender, not after all they’d been through. 
 
I looked away from the screen. 

Aaron cackled. He was having the time of his life. I glanced at the screen again and gaped my mouth. The SJWs kept getting back up. They were like zombies at this point. No matter how hard my people hit them, if they weren’t immediately knocked out, they just ignored their injuries and jumped back into the fray. Someone was going to get massively hurt eventually. Neither side was about to quit.

Shawn never broke his judging stare. He was right. There had to be a better way to win. Not like this. 
 
I threw my radio at Shawn and said:
 
“You think you can handle this while I’m gone?”
 
Shawn caught the radio. “Gone? Where?”
 
“I just remembered there’s something else I can do.”
 
“What?” said Aaron.
 
“I’m confronting Tiffany. She’s the only one that can stop all of this.”
 
Shawn widened his eyes. “That’s a horrible idea! Do you have any idea how narrow minded she is? You won’t accomplish anything! You’ll leave your post and everyone will lose morale!”

I frowned. “You don’t get to criticize me and then tell me I can’t fix it.”

“Dude, I’m judging you here. I just wanted you to be aware of what you did. It’s not about criticizing. It’s about owning up to your decisions. This is literally the worst thing you can do right now!”
 
“No, this is literally the best thing I can do to end this as fast as possible. No one’s died… yet, and I intend to keep it that way.”
 
“She won’t listen to you! Or anyone! You’re just wasting time!”
 
“She’s a cunt, but she isn’t a cartoon villain, okay? She wouldn’t do all of this if she didn’t think she was doing the right thing. I can make her see reason. I just have to talk to her.”
 
“Emmett for the love of god, don’t!”
 
“Okay then, stop me! Just stand up and stop me from walking out this door.”
 
Shawn pursed his lips, took a deep breath, and tried to stand up. Aaron then said:
 
“Wait!”
 
Shawn paused, furrowing his brow.
 
“I think he should do this” said Aaron. 
 
I narrowed my eyes. “Why? You’re the one that hates Tiffany the most.”
 
“True.” Aaron nodded. “But I believe a man should do whatever he believes will get him what he wants.”
 
“Bullshit. What’s your angle?”
 
“I’m not lying.”
 
“Right…” I sighed. “I’m sorry Shawn, but I’m doing it.”
 
“I… I get it” said Shawn. “It’s okay. I’ll take care of things on this end. The battle’s mostly playing itself out now. Besides, I’m the better Starcraft player.”
 
I chuckled. “Keep telling yourself that. I’m sure it’ll happen eventually.”
 
I left the clubroom with renewed spirits. Aaron’s whole attitude felt fabricated, so the first thing I did once outside was check with Lain if he was lying. He wasn’t. Weird. Whatever, I had bigger fish to fry. I honestly didn’t know how I was going to convince Tiffany. In a best case scenario, she drops the hypnosis after a bit of dialogue and the battle ends immediately. Fat chance of that happening, but I knew I had to try.


------------------
>Standing behind the theater curtain, I peeked around the cloth and took in the staggering sight it concealed. A sea of people filled almost every seat, up to seven-hundred individuals if I had to guess, with more taking up seats every minute. They all spoke among each other in low voices with giggles and anxious stares, half-listening to the moderator’s fire safety instructions and warnings. Amusing. Everyone whispered at the same time, so the collective noise they produced was just as distracting as any other level of sound. 

The pit of my stomach throbbed with pain. I then scanned the room and swallowed. I wasn’t sure I could handle an audience this big; not with the crazy stunt I was about to do.

The auditorium, on the other hand, could easily handle this amount of people. The very design of the room made that apparent. The velvet seats were all inclined on a slope towards the stage, arranged in the shape of a fan with no vertical aisles to divide the rows. I knew the theater could house a maximum of two thousand people, but it still shocked me just how small I felt in comparison to the audience. If this number of attendants felt intimidating, I didn’t want to imagine the place while fully packed. 

I expected the temperature to get uncomfortably hot due to all the bodies in close proximity, but this wasn’t actually the case. In fact, it was quite the opposite. I always felt a constant chill on my ears and the back of my neck, but that could’ve just been my new haircut. 

The acoustics also seemed well thought-out. A layer of dark, vinyl fabric covered the walls, with some greek-looking columns spaced throughout its surface. This was all to stop any background noise from echoing in the room. While the columns didn’t support the roof much, I knew they served a vital role in the acoustic design. Large, flat surfaces can negatively impact the distribution of sound, so they probably needed some dimensional elements to break up the walls. At least, that’s what I read once. Maybe the lead architect was just really a fan of ionic columns. Either way, I had to give credit to whoever built this place. It was impressive that, even though the moderator didn’t have a microphone, she was still able to project her voice clearly over the crowd’s soft roar. 

Actually, the moderator felt even more impressive to me. She looked completely at ease on the stage. Her curly, brown hair jiggled erratically when she gestured, matching the same energetic enthusiasm she used to express herself. This, coupled with her infectious smile, made her unbelievably cute in my eyes. Sure, she wasn’t about to win any beauty pageants, but her pear-shaped body gave her nice hips and her endearing face was hard to resist. Little by little, her high-pitched, yet friendly and soothing, voice won over the apathetic crowd until they hung on every word she uttered. 

After finishing her announcements, the moderator then said: 

“With that out of the way, let’s move on to the main event of the night; the student council election!” The crowd clapped for a few seconds. “I’m your host this evening, Suzan Rivers, editor in chief of The Xeistoria University Post. The purpose of tonight’s debate is for every candidate to present their platforms in a public forum for the first time. While budgetary issues pertaining to clubs are an important subject, they’ll mostly be ignored tonight in favor of discussing ideological preferences, macro-management of administrative resources, and student-faculty relations policy. Without further delay, here are our candidates!” 

Suzan bowed in a courteous way and walked behind her wooden podium on the far side of the stage. There were three other podiums identical to Suzan’s in the center of the stage, each with a sign at the front that displayed every candidate’s last name. The moderator organized some cue cards on her podium, smiled, and said:

“Our first candidate is a name everyone with an internet connection has heard before, our very own internet celebrity and host of the Youtube channel ‘The Green Lens’, Shawn Greenfield!”

Shawn walked out to thunderous applause, waving with a wide smile as he stepped up to his podium. He wore a dark-blue suit with a red tie and his somewhat long hair was slicked back fashionably. I tapped my feet while waiting for the crowd to settle. They really loved him. It was probably a minute, but it felt like an aeon before the audience stopped shrieking. 

“Our second candidate is a former club president, charity organizer, and a prolific women’s rights activist with a passion for justice, equality, and kindness! Please welcome Tiffany Ethyris!”

Yet again, the crowd went wild when Tiffany made it to the stage. She had a delicate yellow sundress with a white floral pattern embroidered at the bottom. It flowed gracefully with every step she took, moving at the same rhythm of her flawless, glossy hair. It was different from how she normally styled it. The front locks that were usually her twin tails were tied together into a single braid that rested on her back, making her look like an innocent and idealistic young woman. 

I rolled my eyes. It was all part of her facade, that much was obvious, but even knowing her true nature, I couldn’t help but gawk at how convincing she was. She actually looked like a young elementary school teacher or a virgin church girl, someone who goes frolicking in meadows while singing with cute forest critters at her side. I also noticed she wasn’t wearing a bra. It wasn’t that hard to spot, considering how… plentiful her breasts are, so I had to wonder if it was a calculated decision on her part. She often criticized modern media for sexualizing women too much, but even she couldn’t deny the simple reality that sex sells. Specially with all the white knights she calls on, like Adam. The fact of the matter is that she has an incredible body and she’d be an idiot not to abuse that. It’s not like anyone will call her out on it. For now. 

Still, it made me wonder how someone can function like that. Does she look in the mirror and see a raging hypocrite? Is she aware of her doublethink, or does she truly believe what she preaches? Whatever. Now wasn’t the time to humanize the enemy. Finally, Tiffany curtsied at the front of the stage and went behind her podium.

“Our third and final candidate is a late entrant to the race, but is just, if not more, driven to make our university a great place! Emmett Wilfery!”

In comparison to the other two candidates, my reception was… lukewarm. Some students clapped, more out of sympathy or pity than anything else, until reaching an all encompassing silence. I was fine with it. I didn’t have an established following like the other two, so it was to be expected. If I had just fumbled into the stage it would’ve made for an awkward scene, but I went in with a confident stride, putting on a cocky smirk to mask my nervousness. I thought I pulled it off well, though I’m sure Amy will point out how I messed up when I ask her about it. 

“The rules for the following discussion are simple. Candidates will have a minute to address the topics raised and are allowed to interrupt each other once before receiving a twenty seconds time penalty for the next topic. Now, before we begin the debate proper, I have been informed by Dean Fisher that candidate Wilfery has an important announcement to make. Wilfery, you now have the floor.”

I nodded, cleared my throat, and said:

“Students, esteemed members of faculty, and most important of all,” I shot a look at Tiffany, “candidate Ethyris, I have a duty to apologize for my past transgression. I’m sure you’re all familiar with the situation, so I’ll be direct here. I’m sorry. It was an act committed out of thoughtlessness and spite, and under no circumstances was I justified in using the slur ‘cunt’ to describe you.” Most of the audience leaned forward in their seats, widening their eyes. Just mentioning that word seemed to trigger a lot of the people in the room. “The use of harmful language is a sensitive subject that stands at the center of many topics we’ll be debating tonight, so I’d like to clear up my stance on this. I shouldn’t have called you a cunt; that was a mistake.” The crowd went still. “I should’ve called you a hypocrite, a flirtatious minx, or a manipulative backstabber,” I smiled at Tiffany as widely as I could, “because the word cunt doesn’t encapsulate how much of a despicable human being you really are.”

The tension in the room rose tenfold. Suzan’s mouth gaped open, and I could hear Jessica dying of laughter backstage. Needless to say, the audience went wild, like a swarm of hornets whose nest had just shattered. Fascist, misogynist, and bully were the only insults I could make out, but I’m sure there were plenty more. People then started arguing which each other, escalating the vitriol even further. The crowd was more divided on this issue than I expected. Good.

Tiffany, surprisingly, reacted with stoic disbelief. She managed to keep her composure, putting on a neutral expression with a soft smile. Damn it. She wasn’t taking the bait. Still, I could tell it bothered her. The way she gripped her podium with tense forearms gave it away. I needed to push her a little more. 

The students kept arguing with increasing volume, until Suzan pulled out an air-horn to silence them. Everyone quieted down. It actually worked. I didn’t expect her to have something like that, but I’m guessing she had it as a contingency to control the crowd.

“Everyone,” said Suzan, “need I remind you that this is supposed to be a civil discussion?” She looked at me. “Candidate Wilfery, maintain the inflammatory remarks to a minimum. I’m giving you a time penalty for the next topic and you’re forfeiting your right to an opening statement.”

I furrowed my brow, suppressing a smile. Everything was going according to the script. Even though Jessica told me Suzan would let me get away with my antics, I’m still guessing there’s a limit to what I can do in the future. She probably needs to keep up appearances to a certain degree. I had to apologize, there wasn’t any way around it, so I planned around looking weak by making my apology as impactful as possible. In a way, that *was* my opening statement.

“Moving on, candidate Ethyris, you now have the floor.”

I scanned the crowd, nodding a few times to myself. There wasn’t a single happy person here; only frowns and gripped fists in an ocean of held tongues. Out of the many faces there, I noticed a particular figure that stood out. It was a young, blonde girl that wore a... blue spotted, white hospital gown and a pink cardigan. 

Time slowed to a crawl for three heartbeats. 

My veins got cold and a shiver went down my spine. 

I knew who it was, but it was impossible for that person to be standing there. 

“Candidate Ethyris?” said Suzan.

I looked at Tiffany. This whole time she had been looking at me with an intolerable smug expression on her face. Tiffany smiled innocently and faced the crowd. She then said:

“I’d like to thank Candidate Wilfery for his outburst because it is a prime example of the systemic oppression in our society. His actions speak louder than the vile hatred he spews, and it’s exactly what holds back Xeistoria University at a national level. We’re better than this. I believe in fostering a safe environment where every point of view is valued equally. Our community is more than capable of achieving this, specially if I’m the one leading it towards an immaculate future!”

Tiffany’s supporters cheered loudly, but it was noticeable they weren’t a majority. The hospital girl wasn’t there anymore. What the fuck just happened? My abdomen and shoulders tensed up. I knew Tiffany was behind this, somehow. Did she hire an incredibly convincing double? No, that’s too complicated. How would Tiffany even know about her existence? Plus, if Shawn had seen a double of that girl in the crowd, he would’ve snapped right here and now. Instead, he looked serene and resolute, waiting for his turn to speak. There had to be a simpler explanation. For the time being, though, I had to show I wasn’t affected by it.

“Holds back?!?” I shouted. “The only thing holding back this institution is that very need for useless posturing you’re promoting!”

“Candidate Wilfery,” said Suzan, “please remember you’re still under penalty.”

“I’m still allowed to respond to her statements, right?”

“Yes, but your tone was instigating another argument. I was only warning you.”

“Fine, I’ll choose my words more carefully.” I looked at Tiffany. “Your vision of the future is based only on fixing a superficial image, not on the substance of what makes a learning environment great.” I addressed the audience. “Tuition costs are rising, mental illnesses like clinical depression and anxiety are at an all-time high, and our post-graduation employment rates are alarmingly low. Is a cultural paintjob really what we need as a school?” I let the question linger for a few seconds. “Of course not! We all know it won’t fix anything. Social justice is an authoritarian trend that rewards virtue signaling above content of character. I refuse to allow this school to succumb to its vain agenda.” I slammed my fist on the podium. “Are we blind? Haven’t we learned from the past? Any belief that sacrifices reality for our comfort is poisonous and pathetic!”

My words seemed to affect Tiffany. It was subtle, but her cheeks got tight and a small vein popped up on her right temple. Her silence then telegraphed she didn’t have a reply. I looked at the crowd again. Students were nodding along to what I said.  It felt weird. Like they were actually listening to me. 

I then saw the hospital girl on a seat closer to the stage. She shook her head in denial with amused eyes and pursed lips. 

Two heartbeats passed. 

A high-pitched ringing slammed against my ears.

I winced, but I don’t think anyone noticed. 

That’s it. If I’m having physical symptoms, something must be affecting my body. Furthermore, I’m clearly hallucinating, which means that… 

Tiffany drugged me.

Or did something to me. It’s the most likely explanation, so I’m running with it. I don’t know how, though. I never gave her the chance. No one’s bumped into me unexpectedly and I didn’t drink or eat anything here. 

Shawn then said:

“My fellow students, while promoting a safe environment where everyone can express themselves freely is a noble ideal to pursue, I agree that we can’t place it above the more pressing issues affecting our community. Candidate Wilfery is childishly wrong about beliefs being pathetic, and I think this shows how narrow minded his worldview is, but I’d be remiss in denying that what he proposes has merit. This university can be great on both fronts! I believe we can fix our systemic issues and foster a healthy atmosphere for marginalized groups! Caring about our image isn’t pathetic! There’s nothing wrong about being proud of our school. To think otherwise is weak and naive!  Unfortunately, as a content creator, I’m bothered by the methods used to achieve this supposed equality.” He shook his head. “Half the time, social justice is a clever disguise for censorship, which I’m fundamentally against. We can’t control what others say, but we can control our reactions to their words. We shouldn’t give up our personal freedoms for the sake of inclusiveness! That actually defeats the purpose of fighting oppression, since it requires we give up our tools of…”

I felt someone tap my right shoulder.

“You’re getting closer…” whispered the hospital girl into my ear.

I looked over my shoulder and saw her standing behind me. Her damaged hair fell on her shoulders, loose like an old broom made from straw. Her face was sickly pale, with bags under her eyes and almost purple, chapped lips. She was still very cute, though, and innocent in demeanor, like a wounded animal in captivity. Small, but fierce. She cradled herself between her heels and the balls of her feet, leaning forwards and back with a playful air.

I took a small step back, making sure no one was paying attention to me. They were all still listening to Shawn’s opening statement. The girl seemed so life-like. 

She then pouted and said:

“If I’m not a convincing actor, or a drug-induced hallucination, what else could I be?” She rolled her eyes. “Come on, Emmett, you’re better than this. If this were seven years ago, you would’ve already figured this out.” She looked thoughtful for a moment and clicked her tongue. “You’ve actually lost your edge. Okay, I’ll give you a hint, but only this one time. What do you call someone that’s dead, but still communicating with you?”

I widened my eyes. “A ghost…”

I had to remind myself she wasn’t real. 

“Bingo! Now here’s the deal. I’m still kinda pissed about my death, so I’m here to finally get my revenge. The pain I’m going to put you through will be the most intense experience you’ve ever suffered. Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuut…” She poked my nose with her index finger. “If you give up your candidacy now in front of all these people, I’ll spare you and be on my way to the afterlife.”

“Candidate Wilfery?” said Suzan. 

I stared at the moderator, stunned with a gaping mouth. I looked over my shoulder again, but I couldn’t see the girl anymore. 

“Will you please answer the question?”

Everyone expected me to reply, but my tongue felt heavy and my chest was tight. I didn’t even know what I was just asked.

Tiffany then said:

“Actually, am I allowed to ask him a question?”

“Yes,” said Suzan, “but then his penalty would be erased. He’d be able to answer you with his full allotted time.”

Tiffany shook her head. “I don’t mind.” She looked at me. “Candidate Wilfery, you mentioned I was hypocrite. On what basis would you even speculate that? I literally work all year long to ensure my vision is a reality. You, on the other hand, barely interact with the student community!”

“Ohh,” the hospital girl appeared in front of my podium, “I like her. She doesn’t know how right she is about you. You want to rule the world, but you’ve never bothered to make it a better place. Not even once. Say, do you still tell yourself it's the right thing to do? Just like you did when you killed me?”

Adrenaline rushed through my body, causing my legs to tremble slightly. 

“You’ve even gone on record,” continued Tiffany, “saying that you’re the above position of president! How dare you refer to me as a hypocrite? You’ve never worked a day in your life for anyone but yourself! Aren’t you the hypocrite here?”

A swell of relief flooded my system. Tiffany fell for it; she couldn’t let go of the bait. 

I shook my head and said:

“I wasn’t talking about anything like that…”

“Is that why you smoke weed every night?” said the hospital girl. “To numb your guilt?”

“Then what were you referring to?” said Tiffany.

“To the fact that I’d been grabbing your ass all semester-long and you didn’t seem to mind it until I ran for president.”

Everyone in the room acted like they had just misheard me. Utter silence for a few long seconds.This eerie tranquility acted as a prelude of sorts. A receding shore for an incoming tsunami of outrage from the audience. Tiffany first squinted her eyes in confusion, then fell into an expression of absolute horror. 

The crowd exploded in unison. Actually, it was worse than an explosion, because at least an explosion would’ve killed me. The sheer quantity of noise overwhelmed me. Suzan used her air horn, but everyone ignored it. A fistfight broke out somewhere in the seats. Suzan kept blaring her horn, but after a few attempts she decided to stop. More fights started around the theater. 

The hospital girl showed up on my left, sighed, and said:

“You never make this easy for me.”

“Emily, I…”

She snapped her fingers. 

A heartbeat passed.

Suddenly, I was detached from every sound around me. I felt a strong headrush and then a migraine crept into my frontal lobe. Millions of tiny razors dancing around my brain. I fell to my knee, pushing back the desire to scream as loud as I could. Pain. The only thing I could focus on was the pain. My legs got numb but I still struggled upwards, climbing the podium with my hands to get back on my feet. 

No one noticed my suffering. They were too busy with the riot I just started. Fuck. The irony was palpable. I brought this on myself. There wasn’t anyone that could help me now, and I couldn’t call out for assistance. Maybe I could ride this pain out until the debate ends. I winced and grit my teeth. Nope. That wasn’t an option. 

“ENOUGH!” screamed Shawn.

Slowly, everyone in the audience payed attention to him. That was simply amazing. With just a single shout, he managed to temper the anger and got the crowd to listen to him. Shawn frowned, nodded, and said:

“I hope each and every one of you reflects on what they did tonight. I get it. We’re all passionate to improve this place, and have different ideas on how to go about doing it. But is this really worth it? Arguing and violence? Cheap drama between grown adults?” He sighed deeply. “Everyone’s saying this community is better than this, but I have seen different tonight. I’m done with this.” He loosened his tie around his neck. “This isn’t a debate; this is a circus. I came here to have a serious discussion, not this. I’ve made my stances clear already, so I won't bother anymore. If you people think that these two”, he pointed at me and Tiffany, "are better candidates than me, then you really deserve them as leaders.”

Shawn walked out of stage. A single person started clapping, then a dozen others joined him, until the whole room was in standing ovation. Tiffany quickly ran away in tears and Suzan shuffled around awkwardly, not knowing what else to do. I still clung to my podium. I couldn’t move. 

Someone then tapped my shoulder again. 

I froze. 

No more, Emily. Please.

“Emmett,” said Jessica, “are you okay? I saw from backstage!”

“I uhh, no I’m fine…” Blood dripped from my nose. “Just let me…”

“You’re bleeding…”

“No I’m not…”

“Yes you are. I think the debate's over, let's g-”

That was the last thing I heard before my body collapsed. 

---------------------“*Because Tiffany has hypnotized seventy-five percent of the student body into voting for her.*”

I blinked a few times at the screen. 

Hypnotism? I closed my eyes tightly. My shoulders felt heavy and my heart rate climbed quickly. Hypnotism. 

I took a deep breath, opened my eyes, and rolled a joint in my kitchen. I was too tired for outrage. I took a few puffs, flicked the ashes into a plastic drinking cup, and enjoyed a short lived high. Seventy-five percent of the student body. I sat at my desk clumsily, bringing with me the lit joint. I then stared at the cell phone for a couple of minutes. I took another drag from the joint, filling my lungs with smoke until I coughed. A soothing headrush calmed me down, its afterglow distracting me for a few seconds. 

I didn’t know where to start. Should I even be surprised? Sure, after waiting so long, I was expecting the answer to be a big revelation, but nothing could’ve prepared me for it to be this ridiculous. Does this mean I’ve already lost? No. The story would’ve ended already. What would be the point of giving me something I can’t handle? I slammed my hand on the desk. Every rational bone in my body told me this was insane, but Lain hadn’t been wrong about anything yet. I needed to know more, but that led me to my next dilemma. 

I really had to think through my next question. I couldn’t risk losing access to Lain again. I rubbed my forehead to concentrate better. Knowing about the existence of hypnotism raised more questions than it answered. How the hell can Tiffany hypnotize people? Why hasn’t she done it to me and Shawn for an instant win? Do other people have access to this skill, or is it just hers? 

The most important question of all, though, wasn’t even related to the election. Ghosts. Higher dimensional beings. Hypnotism. A universe that depends on the continued existence of a single human being. Everything about this pointed to an uncomfortable conclusion. The plot was unraveling and losing its focus. It couldn’t be sustainable for long. 

I swallowed. I couldn’t wait any longer; I had to ask Lain.

“*Are we at risk of the universe ending soon?*”

“*Yes.*”

An instant response.

“*Why?*”

“*Because my very existence destabilizes your reality. A fictional universe stable enough for complex life to emerge, but close enough to the Dreamscape subgradient to interact with me, can only exist if the boundary between physical and conceptual is dangerously weakened.*”

I finished my joint, absorbing this new information. It was hard to wrap my head around it, but after some contemplation, it started making sense. If I’m supposed to be a fictional idea, then the only way I can have a body is if I live in a reality where concepts can take a shape and form. It was consistent with what I already knew. It didn’t explain my current predicament, though. 

“*Dreamscape subgradient? What is that? Is that where you live?*”

“*In a sense, yes. The Dreamscape is a hypothetical realm where every possibility imaginable exists. Every story in the multiverse can find its origin there. It is a chaotic land where ideas live free of restrictions. A place where every rule that you impose on reality becomes as real as you believe it to be. An absolute truth like me can only exist here. It is an island outside of time and space, floating on a sea pure mana, that expands infinitely inwards. This is the heart of all fiction.*”

My mouth dropped open in awe. Plato was right! The world of ideal Forms existed! Why didn’t I think of that sooner? If an absolute truth exists, it’s a given that this was in fact the case. I had a million questions about this Dreamscape and the fundamental nature of reality, but it had to wait for now. I had more pressing matters at hand. 

*”So why does all of this put our universe at risk?”*

“*The law of narrative counterbalance dictates that you always have to face an opposing force capable of conceivably defeating you, this is a pattern all stories follow. The audience has to believe you can lose. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be any tension. Since access to absolute truth is theoretically unbeatable, the universe has to compensate to keep itself running. This attracts powerful dreamscape ideas that manifest themselves in this universe, which results in a distorted reality. By having me on your side, you accidentally created a necessity for highly improbable powers to exist.*”

I sighed. There’s probably a lot more crazy stuff waiting for me in the future. I’ve already wrecked the plot enough as it is. It’s like Lain warned me. The more meta-decisions I make, the more at risk I am of ending the story too early. I had to be more aware in the future and come to solutions on my own, without Lain. That wouldn’t stop me from asking more stuff now, though.

“*So Emily’s spirit is really haunting me?*”

“*No. There is no afterlife. Only an infinite void of nothingness awaits us all.*”

I frowned.

“*Then why am I seeing her? Is she a hallucination?*”

“*This Emily is an Errant Thought. An egoic pattern of thinking, a psychic parasite, that believes it is alive. When Tiffany hypnotized you, it had the unexpected side effect of giving you slight psychological bruising. Since you already had a powerful trauma locked away in your subconscious mind, Tiffany’s tampering destroyed its prison and fed it psychic energy, allowing it to wreak havoc in your brain.*”

I widened my eyes.

“*Tiffany hypnotized me? When?*”

“*The day she slapped you. She was also trying to get you to drop from the race with her ability, but her power can only make people do things just as long as it doesn’t break their moral code. The energy she uses can be harmful enough to strain a normal mind when this happens. In yours, it was different. The energy from her psychic ability was consumed by the Errant Thought, allowing it to awaken instead.*”

“*So Tiffany doesn't know she did this to me? Emily isn’t on her side?*”

“*No. Errant thoughts are independent ideas. Beliefs and emotions are its main source of sustenance. Its main objective is to anchor itself to this reality through you. The only reason it tried to get you to give up was because Tiffany’s original command was still lingering in the energy it consumed.*”

“*I don’t get it. If this was the case, why did it appear in the debate and not before?*”

“*The high amounts of emotion in that room, coupled with your anxiety at the moment, were strong enough for Emily to manifest. She can’t appear if you are either calm enough, or not surrounded by emotional people.*”

I nodded. I then stood up and walked towards my window. The city looked alive and energetic, with the full moon looming over in the clear night sky. This explained everything. I was wondering how Tiffany managed to acquire such a huge following. She wasn’t particularly charismatic, at least, not enough for the absurd amount of fanatics that believe in her. Of course she’s hypnotizing people. It made perfect sense in hindsight.

“*Is there a way to break her hypnosis on the voters?*”

“*Not unless she wills it.*”

I bit my lip and took a deep breath. 

“*Can I get rid of Emily now that I’m aware of her?*”

“*Emily is a deceptively strong errant thought. You aren’t powerful enough to expunge her.*”

“*Then who is?*”

“*A psychic like Tiffany. But if you’re not careful, the errant thought might grow too powerful for even a trained esper like her.*”

“*A trained esper? So there are more like her?*”

“*Yes. Espers are somewhat rare in your planet. They compose one percent of the population, but that’s still a significant number of people. They all have abilities similar to Tiffany’s, but they are all shaped by the user’s worldview. While some abilities might share characteristics with each other, they’re all fundamentally different due to individualism.*”

“*Are there any other espers in Xeistoria that can help me beat Tiffany?*”

“*No.*”

I furrowed my brow. This was bound to be a problem. It did confirm it was possible to remove Emily, so there was still a silver lining to it. Onto the election.

“*There has to be a limit to Tiffany’s ability. She can’t just have an army of mind controlled puppets at no cost. What’s the drawback?*”

“*There isn’t any. She just needs to make eye contact for more than thirty seconds. The longer she holds it, the stronger her hypnosis. Tiffany can only do it one person at a time, though. She can’t hypnotize an entire crowd of people.*”

“*Then how did she get seventy-five percent of the voters under her influence?*”

“*One at a time. She’s been planning this election for years, and up until recently she only had to worry about hypnotizing Shawn Greenfield’s supporters.*”

“*How many of Shawn’s voters does she have hypnotized?*”

“*Ninety-eight percent.*”

“*What about mine?*”

“*Five percent.*”

I raised an eyebrow.

“*Why are mine unaffected?*”

“*The people supporting you are people Tiffany wouldn’t be able to speak to long enough to hypnotize. They’re too combative/contrarian for her to hold eye contact without raising suspicion. She also doesn’t need them considering she now has control over a majority of voters.*” 

I started pacing around my apartment. I then asked Lain for a list of every supporter of mine under Tiffany’s spell. This might be useful for me. She wouldn’t go through the effort of hypnotizing them if she wasn’t using them as spies, just in case. Since she isn’t aware that I know of her powers, there’s a possibility I could feed them wrong info and run a counterintelligence strategy against her. I wrote down the names, but they weren’t many. I relaxed when I saw Jessica and Amy weren’t on that list. At least I could trust them. 

A pang of regret swelled up inside me. 

I didn’t like using Lain to learn about other’s private opinions, it felt disgusting, but the argument with Amy had left me hollow inside.

“*Is Amy okay?*”

“*No. She faced an ugly realization that she wasn’t prepared for. It left her hurt.*”

“*Is she still mad at me?*”

“*Yes, in a roundabout way. She’s actually mad at herself, but she’s blaming you to ease the pain.*”

I shook my head.

“*Is she right? Am I a hypocrite? Am I no better than Tiffany?*”

Lain didn’t answer for half an hour. I had tucked myself into bed by the time I heard her reply, but I already knew what she was going to say.

“*Yes.*”

----------
----------

>I sneaked around from corner to corner, avoiding any open areas, but I gave up on that after a short while. 

I couldn’t see anyone in the courtyard. Most people were either incapacitated by the hypnosis or too busy dealing with the stadium battle to be anywhere else. I’d never even seen the campus so empty. Silent, too. The constant screams from before were gone, replaced by wailing winds that flared the wound on my cheek every time they cried out. Ash also saturated the air. It wasn’t immediately noticeable to the naked eye. Floating soot looked like tiny puffs of snow or a light drizzle when contrasted against the night sky. 

I winced, hearing a loud, metallic clang behind me. An empty trash can had tipped over because of the wind. I chuckled and carried on. 

I walked up the steps of the biology department, stopping in front of its big wooden doors. This place had never felt so intimidating before. It was pretty much the same as every other department, only bigger. A six-story tall building made of brick and mortar, with statues of cherubs fixed on the ledges of the roof. The cherubs struck triumphant poses, blowing small trumpets in either direction or playing harps with a whimsical smile. I’m sure they were carved with good intentions, to show students the heavens were watching and cheering them on. Unfortunately, they had the opposite effect on me. The orange glow of distant flames created harsh shadows on their faces, turning their smiles malicious, judging and mocking my arrival.  

What the hell was I doing? This was insane. I was being impulsive again. I couldn’t handle the consequences of my actions. I couldn’t accept that I tricked those people into fighting for me, so I ran away thinking I could fix everything, like a child.

I slapped myself. Now wasn’t the time for self-doubt. This wasn’t a mistake. It was the right choice. If I won by force, if I directed the athletes to this building and overwhelmed Tiffany with numbers, I wouldn’t be satisfied with my victory. I’d be just like her. I have to be better than her. Anything else would just validate her tactics. 

My breathing slowed down, and so did my heart rate. I didn’t realize how tense I was until I calmed my mind. I then nodded to myself and pushed the doors open. 

The hallway was pitch black, with the outside light casting a tall silhouette of myself on the floor. Each footstep weighed more than the last, echoing into the darkness a dull clack. Turning a corner and reaching the stairs, I encountered a tall figure wielding a knife. It was around twenty feet away from me or maybe even more. 

I couldn’t see her face from a distance, but I already knew who it was. Claire. She stood at the bottom of the staircase, waiting for me with a subtle frown. 

“Surprised?” said Claire.

“Not really” I lied. “It was obvious you were up to something, considering your absence from the battle.”

“Battle?”

“Oh, right, you wouldn’t know. Your friend Adam is in a very precarious position right now. So are the rest of your comrades, by the way. My presence here is a mercy. An olive branch, if you will. Just take me to Tiffany and nobody else has to get hurt.”

“Friend?” Claire scoffed. “That fool dug his own grave. I knew you were coming for Tiffany, I told him we needed to guard her, but he still went ahead on his own and the rest of them chose to follow him. Typical man.”

I frowned. “So that’s it? You don’t even have a shred of sympathy for him?”

“Of course not! He’s been lusting after Tiffany all this time. The only reason he wanted to eliminate you was to impress her.” Claire chuckled. “As if that would suddenly make her attracted to him. He’s a joke in the XSMG, you know. Tiffany just keeps him around because of how useful he can be.”

“That’s just sad.”

Claire smirked. “I know, right?”

I shook my head. “I wasn’t talking about Adam. You, Tiffany, your club. It’s all a sham. You’re just manipulating people for social status.”

“We’re protecting the weak! We’re empowering the oppressed!”

“You’re only empowering yourselves. You must have a pretty shit personality if this is the only way you can feel validated.”

Claire scowled. “You just hate women!”

“Hate?” I laughed dryly. “You’re not that important. I just pity people like you.”

“Activists?”

“No, idiots.”

Claire pointed her knife at me and said:

“That’s enough out of you! I’m gonna do what I should’ve done back in that alley.”

“Fine, go ahead and try,” I shrugged, “but fair warning, the first time a woman threatened me with a knife, I strangled her to death with my bare hands.”

“You’re bluffing.” Claire swallowed. 

“It’s the truth, though.” I started walking towards her. “I go through great lengths to hide my true nature, always holding back and fearing what I’m capable of, worrying about morality and fairness, taking constant care not to break anything, or someone, in my path, even when it’s inconvenient.”

Claire widened her eyes. “W-what are you talking about? Stay back!”

I continued closing the distance between us, saying:

“But you can take it, can’t you? After all, you’re a strong independent woman, right? I have no patience for someone who preaches equality and expects special treatment whenever it serves them, so if you’re coming for my throat,” I narrowed my eyes, “do it knowing that you’re risking your life.”  

Claire ran at me, flailing around her knife. 

I stood still, not breaking eye contact.

Claire stopped her knife a few millimeters away from my nose.

I smiled and said:

“You’ve never killed before, have you?”

Claire remained silent. 

“Thought as much” I said. “It never goes away, Claire. The guilt, the self-loathing. You can justify it all you want. Tell yourself that you’re a strong person and that it was the right thing to do. It won’t change anything. The image of a lifeless corpse will be burned into your memory forever. You’ll hate yourself for not thinking of a better solution, and it’ll haunt you for the rest of your life.”

Claire’s knife wavered, shaking along with her hands. I then said:

“Don’t do this to yourself.”

Claire winced and said:

“I’m sorry,” a tear developed on her eye, “but I can't stop myself.”

Claire shifted her weight, pushing the knife towards my face, before Jessica smashed a fire extinguisher on the back of her skull. Claire collapsed on the floor and moaned. Jessica then lowered the fire extinguisher and said:

“Are you fucking stupid? She was going to kill you!”

I blinked a few times. “J-Jessica?”

Jessica made a peace sign. “Sup.”

“Don’t ‘sup’ me! What the hell are you doing here?”

“I could ask you the same thing.”

I frowned. “Quid pro quo.”

“Fine.” Jessica sighed. “I’m looking for Tiffany. You?”

“Same.”

“Cool, let's go then. With the two of us here, we can cover more ground quickly.”

“No! Don’t you get it? You were supposed to stay hidden!”

Jessica crossed her arms. “You’re not the boss of me. Did you really think I’d stay in that room all night?”

“I was gonna look for you afterwards!” I pulled on my hair. “Gah! This is bad. If Tiffany gets her hands on you…”

“What?” said Jessica.

“Nothing. I don’t have time to explain, it’s too complicated. How did you know she was here anyways? Did you follow me?”

“What? No. I didn’t even know you were here. I just noticed that the mob kept circling this building. Plus, it’s the only place that hasn’t been completely wrecked. As soon as the path cleared up, I ran here.”

“Right…” I rubbed my forehead. “Jessica, I know this goes against everything you stand for, but I need you to go to the gaming club on the third floor of the student center and wait there until this ends. Shawn and Aaron are there. They’re taking care of-”

“Greenfield?” said Jessica. “And Aaron? Are you out of your mind? I’d rather kill myself than share a room with them.”

“This isn’t the time for bickering! You can’t even begin to imagine what’s going on right now.”

“The only thing I know is that this is the only chance I’ll ever get to beat the shit out of Ethyris without any consequences.”

“I’m starting to think that you’re the stupid one here.”

Jessica grimaced. “Very funny. Do you have any idea how much I’ve fantasized about bashing her teeth in? I am *not* letting this opportunity pass me by.”

“Please, I’ll do anything. What’s your price?”

Jessica looked away, stroking her chin, before she smiled and said:

“I wanna know your source.”

“Absolutely not.”

“Then I guess I’m staying.”

I rolled my eyes, but before I could say anything, Claire jumped to her feet and lunged at Jessica. I pushed Jessica out of the way. Claire dug her knife half an inch into my left bicep. I felt my skin and muscles tear under its edge, tinting the dagger crimson when she pulled it out and snarled. 

Jessica emptied the fire extinguisher on the lunatic. The foam made Claire recoil, allowing Jessica to ram her stomach with the canister. It didn’t do anything. Claire didn’t even acknowledge the blow, she just glared at Jessica with deranged, bloodshot eyes. Jessica dropped the canister, gaping her mouth. Claire swung her knife. I pulled Jessica by her wrist, running up the staircase with her. Claire followed us, but slipped on the foam and tumbled down the stairs. She then shouted:

“I’M GETTING YOU ILLUS! THIS IS FOR ALL THE SHIT YOU’VE PULLED!!!”

We reached the second floor, running into the center hallway of a three-way split. We then passed two vending machines, a water fountain, and the bathrooms before I decided to look behind me. Claire was there, gaining on us little by little but still somewhat far away. I then said:

“Why is this bitch so persistent?!? Shawn threw a fucking podium at her and she still wouldn’t stay down!”

“Revenge is a powerful motivator!” said Jessica. “I would know.”

“But why is she after you?!?”

“I may or may not have spread rumors about her having AIDS” said Jessica. “And there might’ve been a bit of blackmail, too. Then there was this one time I planted drugs on one of her friends and got them detained… Oh and-” She shook her head quickly. “Now’s not the time for this! We have to come up with something!”

“Oh *now* you can’t bicker?”

“Emmett, focus!”

Claire didn’t have control over her actions anymore. That much was obvious. Tiffany’s hypnosis had too much of an influence on her. It wouldn’t surprise me if she was literally unable to stop herself from murdering us. The pain resistance she displayed was superhuman. Demonic. Beating her on a straight up battle would be impossible now. Not while she was this triggered. I grunted. There was only one solution. 

“I have an idea!”

We turned left on a corner and I said:

“There’s a fork coming up. I’m going left and rounding back to the stairs. You turn right and keep Claire distracted. I have to get to Tiffany. She’s the only one that can stop all of this!”

“So you’re just gonna abandon me?!?”

In my most sarcastic voice, I then said:

“Oh, I’m sorry, I just thought you could handle yourself!”

“This isn’t about handling myself! She shrugged off a freaking fire extinguisher, for fucks sake!”

“No, yeah, I get it, I’m abandoning you! It’s not like I got stabbed saving you or anything!”

“Fine, fine!” said Jessica, short of breath. “I’ll take care of her! Just don’t do anything stupid, okay?”

We were almost at the fork. 

“That’s gonna be a problem.”

“Why?!?” said Jessica, turning right.

I turned left, saying:

“Because I might have to blow up an entire floor!”

----------------------------
----------------------------

I stumbled through the sixth floor, gripping my throbbing arm. It had gone numb. I couldn’t raise it without suffering excruciating pain. I stopped and leaned on a wall, biting off the torn part of my sleeve and wrapping it tightly around the wound. 

I am never buying expensive clothes again.

Thanks to Lain, I knew Tiffany was in one of the microbiology labs. She saw both me and Jessica enter the building, but she believes Clair can handle us without any difficulty. I still had time to prepare. As quickly as I could, I rummaged through all the classrooms on this floor. They were all labs, which meant they all had gas tanks inside. An open flame is usually required for aseptic purposes, so every station had torches to sterilize our equipment. These torches were connected to gas pipes that led to big yellow tanks at the ends of the rooms, containing the dangerous fuel. They had to be turned off at the end of every class, and now, I was opening all of them one by one, leaving the classroom doors open so that the gas would fill up the rest of the floor. 

At first they produced a subtle hiss, but as I released more and more of them, they melded together into a constant hum. I flinched. Could Tiffany hear it? Lain said no. I sighed in relief. Once I was finished, I went to Tiffany’s lab, opened the door, but stayed outside, resting my back on the shared wall. I then brought out my lighter and shouted:

“I know you’re in there, Tiffany! I’m not here to fight; I just want to talk.”

I heard Tiffany walk towards the door.

“Stop!” I said. “If you value your life, you’ll stay right there.”

“Heh” said Tiffany, still walking. “You think you can harm me? Cute.”

“As we speak, gas is leaking into every corner of this floor. One flick of my lighter and I’ll blow us both up.”

Tiffany stopped. “So you’ll throw your life away just to take me out?”

“Not if I don’t have to.”

“Okay," Tiffany giggled, "I’ll play along. If you’re here to talk, then why don’t you face me? It’s pretty cowardly to stay outside.”

“Because I’m not an idiot. You just want to make eye contact and hypnotize me. Face it, you’ve already lost. Kaiser exposed your lies so nobody trusts you and it’s only a matter of time before the athletes win the battle. Just stop this madness, please. You’re only drawing out the inevitable.”

“You know I’m an esper...? Good. That makes things easier." Tiffany's voice grew dry and commanding. "Now throw away your lighter and walk into this room.“ 

My muscles tensed up. 

What the hell? An intangible, intrusive feeling penetrated my spine and crawled through my limbs, forcing my hand to drop the lighter and my feet to move on their own. I clenched my teeth, stopping myself from entering, but it only worked for a few seconds. I then walked into the room, seeing Tiffany welcome me with a psychotic smile. She had her hair loose and she wasn’t wearing high heels anymore. The sandals she had looked out of place when compared to her fancy scarlet dress and makeup, but that wasn’t my biggest concern at the moment. 

Her eyes were horrifying. The iris shimmered brightly with a lilac glow that seeped into what little remained of her sclera and her dark pupils were split into five separate dots, connected by thin red lines and an emerald sphere in the center. 

I… I couldn’t move… or speak. My chest felt tight, squeezed by an invisible force to an alarming degree. Tiffany then giggled and said: 

“This isn’t over, Emmett. Not by a long shot.”


-----------
>According to Sun Tzu, a clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy, but does not allow the enemy's will to be imposed on him. It makes sense, really. If one can force their opponent to fight under predetermined conditions then, in a way, they’ve already won the battle. 

All they have to do from then on is cling to their advantage, play to their strengths, and not fuck up. That last part tends to be the most problematic, though. People like to brush off “don’t fuck up” as if it were simple or obvious advice, but I consider it the most important thing to keep in mind during a competition. Just ask any fan of Counter Logic Gaming in League of Legends or the Golden State Warriors in the NBA; they understand throwing a lead better than anyone else.  

Still, even if the Sun Tzu quote was relevant to my situation, I wasn’t particularly fond of it. Not because there are thousands of scenarios where submitting to your opponent's will is the right move, like to figure out their objective or make them believe they have the upper hand, but because it implied I haven’t been a clever combatant in this election. Which, to be fair, is kinda true.

Tiffany Ethyris had already established the conditions we would be battling under. This was basically her game to lose. After the initial news of my “harassment” spread, I was considered public enemy number one throughout campus. Women would pass me by and scoff, groups would point at me from a distance and talk among themselves, and now, despite there being no substantial evidence of the incident other than rumors, I waited outside the dean’s office for a disciplinary hearing. Tiffany clearly outplayed me here, no doubt about it. 

I considered this meeting a monumental waste of time, but I couldn’t afford to ignore it. I had stuff to do. Blogs to write, university clubs to lobby, and I even had to prepare for for the first debate, which was this evening. And yet, despite how busy I was, I sat in a small waiting room while the dean finished some other business he had. 

Everything was quiet here. A wall clock kept producing a barely audible tick, and my leathery chair squeaked every time I shifted my weight. The only people in the room were me and an old secretary behind her desk, but she seemed completely at ease with the silence. She wasn’t a talkative person, barely acknowledging my presence when I first entered, too busy reading her newspaper. 

The fluorescent lights made everything feel distant and sterile, giving me an irritating feeling in the back of my eyes.

I bounced my leg up and down in annoyance. Or indignation. It was already ten-thirty in the morning and my meeting was supposed to start at nine. Originally, I was calm and composed, but the longer I sat there, the more the anticipation crept into my mind, forcing me to contemplate just how screwed I was. There was a very real possibility that I had already lost this election. If I didn’t win, at best I wouldn’t get Jessica off my back, and at worst I’d be exposed as Kaiser to the world. 

I shook my head, pushing away the negative thoughts. The last thing I needed was more pressure on me. I decided to review my plan for victory, just to find something else to do. Strategizing wasn’t the most effective way to alleviate anxiety, but it was the best I could do at the moment. 

I was an extreme candidate now, so I needed to gather as big an audience as possible, and the key to achieving that was becoming a controversial figure. It’s the only way to get attention these days. Sad, but true. The people who are backing me up are people who are only doing so because they hate the other side. They’re not looking for a paragon of morality, like Tiffany’s followers, or a crowd pleaser, like Shawn’s audience. As long as I don’t do anything *too* crazy, they’ll back me up just so Tiffany doesn’t win. 

To paraphrase Sun Tzu again: if your opponent forces an engagement under their conditions, the only way to counter it is to throw something odd and unaccountable their way. Tiffany expects me to call her a liar, ignore the accusations, or even drop from the race out of shame. 

What she doesn’t expect is for me to double down on the accusations, which is what I’m doing in tonight’s debate. It’s risky, and it could easily backfire on me, but I can’t afford to keep being reactive here. That would just be playing into Shawn’s hand, since he’s portraying himself as the moderate candidate. If Tiffany and I keep bickering on stage, the only thing he has to do is seem above the whole discussion. An adult among children, if you will. Thankfully, I already knew how to work around that.

I sighed and looked at the clock again. Ten-forty five. What was taking so long? I slouched. There was still something at the back of my mind that I couldn’t shake off. A feeling that told me I was missing something vital here. Tiffany’s words echoed in my head. The confidence, the certainty she had. 

I smacked myself in the forehead. I could just text Lain to find out. Why didn’t I think of that earlier? Sure, I was busy working on the campaign, but it seemed so obvious in hindsight. I pulled out my cellphone and texted:

”Why does Tiffany think she has already won?”

I stared at my cellphone for a few minutes, but didn’t get an immediate reply. I shrugged, leaned back on my chair, and closed my eyes. Just as I relaxed my shoulders, an intercom on the secretary’s desk blared:

“Janice, I’m ready for Mister Wilfery now. Please allow him inside.”

Janice looked at me and spat out a grunt, nodding towards the office door. I opened my mouth to thank her but decided against it. She was already reading her newspaper by the time I stood up, so I knew she wouldn’t pay attention to anything I said. What a strange lady. 

When I entered the spacious office, I couldn’t help but admire just how classy it was. The floor was carpeted with a light-brown rug that appeared to be pristine. It seemed to retain a peculiar smell, perfuming the room with what I can only describe as a wooden-floral scent. Maybe it was from the product they used to clean the rug, but I doubted it. Those scents tend to be acrid and overpowering, unlike this one. No, this one had an almost natural elegance to it. It was noticeable, but not overbearing, much like the rest of the furniture in the room. 

The walls were covered by two bookshelves on either side, with classical paintings filling the space between them. A beautiful crystal chess set was displayed on my right, next to an antique globe and an expensive-looking telescope. In any other context, these things would make the office seem over-furnished and tacky, but the way everything was spaced in relation to each other gave it a harmonious appearance. 

On the far side of the room, opposite to the entrance, three tall, vertical windows illuminated everything, coating the office with a warm color. A broad-shouldered man with his hands clasped behind his back looked out from one of the windows, shaking his head sideways in a subtle, disappointed fashion. 

He wore a charcoal gray suit, brown shoes, and a white dress shirt with the top two buttons undone. I cleared my throat, announcing my presence, and saw the man turn towards me. 

It was Victor J. Fisher, dean of Xeistoria University. His hair was jet-black, long and parted down the middle, with small bangs hanging by his temples. He seemed stoic and distant, giving his brown eyes an eerie, piercing quality. Although some wrinkles gave away his age, his face was still handsome in a traditional sense, with clean shaven cheeks and a well trimmed mustache/goatee combo. Needless to say, he had a striking appearance. His posture was strong and his movements were fluid, like he was in complete control of his body. I’m willing to bet that if Amy saw him, she’d tell me to use him as a role model, since he seemed to lack everything she criticized about my body language.

After giving me a small nod, he gestured at a big, mahogany desk right next to him. On top of it there were loose papers, pens, a computer monitor in one end and a copper balance scale at the other. An empty chair was front of it, so I assumed he was telling me to sit down. I swallowed and walked towards the chair. I then noticed someone was in the chair next to mine.

My abdomen stiffened. It was Adam, my former lab instructor. He glared daggers at me as I sat down but, thankfully, eyes can’t injure people. Adam was under the impression that he could change this, though, if he just stared at me hard enough. It didn’t work.

The tension was palpable and the silence between us only made it grow. I focused on my breathing to lower my heart rate, but it didn’t help much. It stopped me from getting *more* nervous, but it didn’t make the anxiety go away. 

Why was Adam here? Were they talking about me these past two hours? Why did they take so long to call me inside? 

Finally, Dean Fisher sat on his big office chair and said:

“Emmett Wilfery, you’re a rather infamous figure these days. How are you?”

“I’m fine, sir. Busy with the election and mid terms, but otherwise okay.”

“Good. It’s nice to meet an involved student like you, even if it isn’t under the best circumstances.”

“We would’ve met eventually, sir, but it’s a pleasure to meet you likewise.”

Dean Fisher gave me a curious look. “And why would we meet eventually?”

“Because I’m going to be student body president. Wouldn’t we have weekly meetings then?”

Dean Fisher chuckled a little. “Skipping a few steps, aren’t we?” He narrowed his gaze. “And I’m not just talking about the election.”

“I uhh… I don’t follow.”

“I imagined.” The dean sighed. “Tell me Emmett, do you know why we’re here?”

“That’s a rather profound question, dean. I’m afraid I’m not qualified to answer it. I like to think that we’re all just characters in a story, serving a greater narrative.” I shrugged. “I have it in good authority that this is the case, but I haven’t found a way to prove it yet.”

Dean Fisher rolled his eyes, turning his neutral expression into a scowl. “I have no patience for jokes, and trust me, a person in your position wants me to be patient. You do realize we’re discussing your expulsion, right?”

I widened my eyes. “What?”

“Expulsion, the act of depriving someone of membership in an organization or institution.”

“No sir, I know what it means but-”

“Oh, I apologize then. I just assumed a smart ass like you only understood sardonic remarks.”

“I… Okay, I’m sorry, sir.” I leaned forward. “I shouldn’t have said that but… I thought this was just a simple hearing. I didn’t know it was that serious.”

Adam scoffed. “Of course you didn’t. Sexual harassment is a serious offense in the student code of conduct. The only punishment is expulsion.” He crossed his arms. “This is why Tiffany Ethyris needs to be president. Misogyny like this wouldn’t be trivialized under her leadership.”

Dean Fisher then said:

“That’s enough.” 

Adam lowered his head in submission. 

The dean looked at me. “But he’s not wrong. You’re a few sentences away from being expelled, so use your next words wisely.” I opened my mouth, but Dean Fisher raised his index finger to silence me. “I’m going to ask you some questions, and you’ll answer them in the most efficient, simple way you can imagine. Don’t shoot yourself in the foot by talking more than you have to, understood?” I nodded. “Good.” The dean reclined in his chair. “Now, did you or did you not shout at Miss Tiffany Ethyris a derogatory term?”

“Yes, but-”

“And what exactly did you say to her?”

“Well she started taunting me and-” Dean Fisher raised an eyebrow, forcing me to get to the point. “I-I called her a giant cunt.”

“In front of a classroom of twenty five students, am I correct?”

“Yes.”

“So, we have more than two dozen witnesses of your verbal assault on Miss Ethyris, including a lab instructor.” Dean fisher interlocked his fingers, shaking his head sideways. “That’s already enough for a suspension, Emmett. Do you believe it’s alright to call a young lady a… ‘giant cunt’?”

“I... “ I glanced downwards. “In this occasion, yes.”

Adam laughed and said:

“See?!? He isn’t even sorry for it!”

The dean looked at Adam. “I will remind you, instructor, that you are on a tightrope yourself. You will only speak when spoken to.”

“No,” said Adam, “I won’t! He’s one of the laziest students I’ve ever had! He’s always late to the lab, he’s always letting Tiffany do his work for him, and I’m pretty sure he’s somehow cheating in my quizzes, because, for some unknown reason, he keeps getting perfect scores without ever paying attention or asking questions. Not even the second highest grade in the class has that good a grade. I’m telling you he’s a-”

Dean Fisher slammed his hand on the desk. “That’s enough! One more word out of your mouth and you’ll never teach here again.”

Adam slouched, murmuring a low “Okay”.

The dean looked at me. “Why do you think it was correct on your part?”

“Because context matters, and I don’t believe people should go around provoking others without getting called a giant cunt.”

Dean Fisher looked thoughtful for a moment. He then nodded and said:

“Fair enough, but there’s really no evidence to prove that she egged you on. The only thing we can be certain off is that you shouted at her. Now, Tiffany Ethyris is a model student. She’s done more community work than any other student in the history of Xeistoria University, and her benefactors have donated millions to our institution. You, on the other hand, have nothing of the sort. The only thing I know about you is that you get good grades, which, to be fair, does have worth, but doesn’t help you much here.” He leaned forward. “I’m getting pressured by people above me to punish and make an example out of you. To prove that we’re past the barbaric ages where racism, misogyny, and homophobia were rampant in academia. Quite frankly, I don’t see any reason for why I shouldn’t expel you, just to avoid any headaches…” I gripped my arm rest, feeling my legs shake involuntarily. “But that wouldn’t be fair, so I’m giving you a final chance. Tell me, Mister Wilfery, why shouldn’t I just kick you out and be done with this?”

I took a deep breath and sighed, lowering my head. He was right. From the outside looking in, I’m the bad guy here. I can’t prove anything she did to me. Expecting anyone to believe me just because I say so is incredibly naive on my part. The world doesn’t work that way. I should just give up.

No. What the hell? Of course I’m not giving up. I’m Emmett Wilfery! Reformed evil genius! The man that will rule the world! If a roadblock like this could stumble me, then what chance do I have of becoming emperor? If the world doesn’t work that way, then I’ll make it work that way! I had to remember Amy’s coaching if wanted to pull this off. Straighten my posture. Look at him in the eyes. Speak powerfully from the diaphragm. 

I then said:

“Because I didn’t do it. Tiffany framed me to gain an advantage in the election. If you were to punish me, you’d be validating her methods and you’d be just as much of a fool as Instructor Adam over here. You’d be punishing the victim while protecting the oppressor, just because she uses prettier language than me. If anyone got assaulted here, it’s me. She’s the one who slapped me! I didn’t lay a finger on her, despite what she claims.”

Dean Fisher stayed silent for a few seconds. He kept staring at me, without blinking even once. I felt a drop of sweat run down my neck. Did I go too far? No, I spoke what I felt. I can’t regret it. It’s the truth. My stomach started cramping, but I didn’t show it. I was about to puke. My breakfast started climbing up my throat until the dean nodded and said:

“I’m sorry Emmett, but that’s not good enough.”

A flash of heat struck my face. Did I just lose? What would I do now? Sure, I could become Kaiser full-time, but I’m not ready for that yet. The plan needs me to stay in college. I gripped my armrest and hung my head. Damn it. So many things lost in a few seconds. 

“Luckily,” said Dean Fisher, “I have evidence that you’re telling the truth.” 

“Eh?”

“What?!?” said Adam.

“Video evidence, to be precise.” Dean Fisher typed on his computer, turned his monitor around, and showed us a black and white video of the incident from an angle that displayed everything clearly. “Every lab has security cameras to prevent thefts. Students have always liked to pocket glassware and chemicals, so we installed these a decade ago. There’s no evidence of Emmett forcing himself on Miss Ethyris, or grabbing her bottom. There’s only her slap.”

My mouth gaped open. “But you said there wasn’t any evidence…”

“Of her taunting you, yes.” The dean smiled. “But you’re innocent of sexual harassment. I won’t punish you for that. You *did* call her a cunt, though. I can’t let that type of outburst pass by either, even if what you’re saying is the truth.”

“Oh…”

“That’s why, during tonight’s debate, before anything else, you will issue a public apology to Tiffany Ethyris. I don’t care if it ruins your campaign, or if people call you weak for it. Swallow your pride and apologize for your hateful word, or I’ll expel your ass faster than you can make a witty quip. Am I clear?”

I nodded. 

Dean Fisher turned his head at Adam. “Am. I. Clear?”

“Y-yes, Dean Fisher” said Adam.

“Good.” The dean scowled. “Now get the hell out of my office. I have more important things to do than deal with this schoolyard nonsense.”

Me and Adam stood up, turning towards the door. The dean then said:

“Not you, Mister Wilfery. We’re not done yet.”

“Oh… sorry, sir.”

Once Adam left the room, Dean Fisher stood up and walked towards his original spot near the window, looking down at something in the campus courtyard. He then said:

“Emmett, could you please come over here and tell me what you see?”

I obliged and joined him near the window. There was a picket line on the courtyard. Around thirty people were holding signs and chanting. They were protesting something, but I couldn’t read the signs from that far away. Adam was now exiting the building and seemed to join their group. They lowered their signs for a moment, listening intently at something Adam was communicating. After a few seconds, they looked even angrier, spreading out with more energy and continuing their protest with more passion than before. It looked like when you pour water on an ant colony. A blob of people panicking and running around with desperation. 

I looked at Dean Fisher and said:

“A protest?”

Dean Fisher chuckled. “No, I can see how you’d confuse them, but it’s not that. A protest implies an act of civil disobedience in rebellion of a great injustice. This isn’t a protest. To call it a protest is an insult to every activist that’s sacrificed their commodity for the greater good of society. Rosa Parks, the students of Tiananmen Square, those are protesters. What you see here is a bunch of sheep crying like babies.”

“But what are they fighting about?”

“You.”

“What?”

“Yes, you. They’re there in… ‘solidarity for Tiffany Ethyris’. Well, not really. They’re there to make sure you’re expelled.”

“You’re kidding me…”

“I’m not. There were only four people who knew about this meeting. You, me, Adam, and Janice, and I’m pretty sure my secretary didn’t leak it because… well, you’ve met her, she doesn’t really care about anything. Hell, she doesn’t even show up to work on time… but that’s besides the point. If I didn’t leak it, and you didn’t leak it, then that leaves…”

“Adam.”

“Exactly. I’m honestly surprised you even managed to get here without bumping into them.”

“I uhh… I got here early. Guess I dodged a bullet, then.”

“Makes sense. I almost fired Adam because of it. He’s been pleading for his job for the past few hours.”

“I didn’t know…”

“No, you didn’t. I also think you didn’t know just how vicious Miss Ethyris can be. I’m not really sure why you would choose to involve yourself in this election. Only a masochist would put himself through this knowingly. The amount of stress that young woman has caused me these past few years...” Dean Fisher sighed. “It’s obvious she was manipulating Adam. She’s done worse things before.”

“Y-you’re right. I wasn’t aware. But… if you don’t mind my asking, if you already knew about Tiffany’s true nature, why did you grill me so hard?”

“A few reasons.” The dean stretched out his arms, walked towards his desk, and sat on his chair. “First off, Miss Ethyris is an incredibly competent manipulator. Even though it’s obvious to a few of people just how manipulative she can be, I don’t have any evidence to prove anything she’s done, so on paper she’s squeaky clean. Second, I wasn’t exaggerating just how much pressure I’m under. She has a lot of influence, mostly because her father is a high-ranking official in the government. I had to put on a show for Adam, because if I weren’t hard on you, people would know fast. And lastly,” Dean Fisher smirked, “I did it because you’re a smartass and I wanted to give you a scare.”

“Heh…” I smiled. “I’d be angry if I didn’t respect that level of petty spite.”

“No Emmett, you misunderstand me. I didn’t do it to spite you.” Dean Fisher pursed his lips. “Okay, maybe a little, but I really did it to prove a point.”

“A point?”

“Yes. I wanted to show you how much your recklessness can screw you over. First with the harassment incident, and now with your wisecracks during the hearing. You’re impulsive. You’re still young, so it’s understandable, but you’ll never win this election if you don’t work on it. Tiffany will keep playing you for a fool and you’ll look like an idiot in front of the whole student body.”

“But Tiffany-”

“Yes, Tiffany taunted you. But that doesn’t change the fact that you wouldn’t be in this mess if you were in control of your emotions. You messed up; there’s no denying it.”

It felt hard to admit, but the dean wasn’t wrong. I nodded and said:

“You’re right, Dean Fisher. Thank you. I won’t lose to her, I promise.”

“I don’t care. Either way, I can tell that whoever becomes president will be an annoying thorn in my rear. You, Mister Greenfield, Miss Ethyris, it’s all the same to me. I guess the professor in me just wanted to teach you a lesson. Don’t read into it too much.”

“Well, I don’t care if you don’t care, I still won't lose to her now.”

Dean Fisher smiled. “That’s the spirit. Good luck, I wish you the best.”

------------------------------
------------------------------

Later that night, backstage in the university’s theater, I paced back and forth with my hands behind my back. The hardwood floor clacked against my black dress shoes, but the sound was muffled by the growing murmurs of the audience. My clothing felt tight. I had a royal purple button-up, long-sleeved shirt that clung to my forearms like a second layer of skin. Jessica and Amy took me shopping this afternoon. They said I lacked fashion sense, and I was inclined to agree with them. I couldn’t complain, though. The clothes they picked out were stylish and well cut. 

Still, I was a bit peeved about my new haircut. They forced me to get one because, apparently, it was too plain for their tastes. Now I have slightly spike, messy hair that’s trimmed short on the sides. Deep down, I actually liked it, but it made me feel too self-conscious because of how similar it was to anime hair. It felt too dorky or try-hard for me. 

Jessica seemed amused by my pacing. She sat on a stool, content with seeing me walk around like a chicken with its head cut off. After a few minutes of watching me mumble incoherently, she smiled at me and said:

“You’re gonna do fine, Emmett. We’ve been over this a dozen times. If you follow the script I made for the moderator, you’ll easily come out on top. The more you stress out, the more likely it is you’ll mess up.”

“I’m not gonna mess up. I already know we win if everything goes according to plan.”

“Then why are you so stressed? Is it the hair? It’s the hair, isn’t it?”

“It’s not the hair! You’re too confident, okay? No plan survives contact with the enemy, no matter how good it is. We can’t rely on everything going well; we have to plan for the worst.”

Jessica rolled her eyes. “I really can’t think of anything going wrong.”

“And that’s the point! If we can't think of something going wrong, that means that whatever does go wrong will be something we haven’t anticipated! Plus, I still haven’t gotten an answer from-”

I stopped myself from saying Lain. Jessica raised an eyebrow, expecting me to finish my sentence. I looked away. 

Lain hadn’t answered my text from this morning, and I still hadn’t asked about a dozen questions I had for the debate. Why was she taking so long? 

At this point, the debate would start and I would be going in blind. I was a fool. I should’ve realized something like this would happen. Through this, I found out that Lain can only answer one question at a time. She probably won’t tell me anything until she messages me the answer to my first question. Was it *that* dangerous to tell me what Tiffany’s planning? What could she possibly be doing that me knowing could end the story? I sighed. Whatever it is, it can’t be good. That’s why I was so nervous. I couldn’t tell Jessica about it, so I understood why she seemed so confused by my mood. 

I looked at Jessica and said:

“Okay, I give up. It’s the hair.”

“I knew it! But what’s so bad about it? You look like an Uchiha.”

I frowned. “Uchiha? You said it didn’t look like anime hair!”

Jessica shrugged. “Okay, so I lied, but you pull it off well! Plus, you’ll be a hit with the otakus in the crowd.”

“Otakus? Does it look like I give a shit about otakus? They’re the smallest demographic in the university! They're freaks! No one wants to be associated with them!” I closed my eyes. “Why did you have to say Uchiha? I would’ve literally accepted any show but Naruto.”

“I like Naruto… Lots of people like it.”

I glared at Jessica. “Well I don't. In fact, I can’t think of a show I hate more than that garbage.”

“Emmett, you’re starting to piss me off. Naruto is a good show. It’s flawed, but it’s not the pile of crap you’re making it out to be. It’s a lot of people's first anime. You can’t just disregard something so beloved.”

“No, okay? Kishimoto is a hack. He can’t tell a story for shit without ripping off Yoshihiro Togashi. I swear, if Hunter x Hunter hadn’t gone on hiatus, Naruto would’ve been a way better manga just because Kishimoto would’ve at least been able to steal more material from Togashi.”

“That’s not fair. You do know intertextuality is a thing, right? Modern literature is always created in response to other literature, and a medium like manga is no different. The Yorknew Arc literally has a meta-narrative about the theft of ideas and his guilt over ripping off Dragonball. Hell, Meruem literally looks like Cell!”

“There’s a difference between being inspired and blatantly stealing. I… I can’t believe I’m having this conversation.”

“Good, because the debate is about to start.”

“What?”

The crowd noises seemed to be quelling. I looked at Jessica and said:

“You did this on purpose, didn’t you?”

Jessica played coy. “Whatever do you mean, Emmett?”

“This whole conversation. You were keeping my mind off the debate, weren’t you?”

“Maybe…” Jessica smiled a shit-eating grin. “It did work, though. You look way more collected now. Go get ‘em, tiger!”

“Yeah, but now I’m just incredibly pissed off.”

“Good, good. Let the anger flow through you and direct it at Tiffany Ethyris.”

I was about to answer her when I heard the moderator welcoming the crowd. There wasn’t any time for left for bickering. The first confrontation of the election was about to begin.

------------------------
------------------------

>It was pure, unadulterated chaos from then on.
 
The rest of the athletes stampeded behind Blake and Elliot with incredible ferocity. Their distant stomps vibrated through the ground and made our tree visibly rustle, finally drawing the attention of the rioters lynching us. 

They were too late to react. 

The horde of men shouted an unintelligible warcry, freezing the social justice warriors in place because of how intimidating it was. They then tackled the outer perimeter of the mob surrounding us, incapacitating twenty people in one fell swoop, but they were still too outnumbered to trample them completely.
 
Me and Shawn remained dumbfounded by the situation. Lucas yelped and clung to the trunk of the tree, halfway between the ground and our branch.
 
Adam gaped his mouth, then scowled. 
 
Claire took a few steps away and said:
 
“Don’t just stand there! Do something!”
 
Adam shifted his gaze between Claire and the fast approaching men. “T-this wasn’t supposed to happen!”
 
The lynch mob quickly spread out and reorganized themselves, often stepping over their fallen companions in their panic. Some lunged at the athletes in groups, needing three or four people to take on a single football player, and others ran away, ignoring a variety of insults Claire sent their way.
 
Adam then said:
 
“We already have them where we want! Just light the tree!”
 
“What about the prez?!?” said Claire.
 
“Fuck him! It’s not like Tiffany didn’t anticipate casualties!”
 
“But we need him!”
 
High-pitched screams echoed out from the battle.
 
“No,” said Adam, “we need to retreat! Cut our loses! We’ll reorganize and improvise something. We already lost morale; we’re not winning this skirmish.”
 
“Fine!” Claire sparked her zippo and threw it on a pool of gasoline. “You’re the one answering to Tiffany on this, not me!”
 
Flames immediately consumed the base of the tree, inching their way up once they touched unfueled bark. The heat rose rapidly, and brought with it a large cloud of smoke. I sweated instantly, hearing Lucas crying. I then said to him:
 
“What the hell are you waiting for? Climb back up!”
 
Lucas shook himself out of his daze and started climbing back. The fire was catching up to him. He increased his speed. Small flames licked the bottom of his shoes. Lucas grabbed a thin branch, which broke. He clinged to another one before he could fall and pulled himself up until reaching my branch. 
 
“We won’t last long here” said Shawn. “We have to jump.”
 
“Are you kidding me?” said Lucas. “We’ll break our necks.”
 
They both looked at me, and I said:
 
“Let’s just keep climbing!”
 
Shawn hunched forward. “That’ll just make it harder to jump off!”
 
By now, the fire had spread three quarters of the distance between us and the ground. Emily appeared next to Shawn. She snickered and said:
 
“Let him! He’s been begging for a darwin award ever since he was born!”
 
I shook my head. “It’s better than being roasted or paralyzed from the fall!”
 
“Fuck it!” said Shawn. “You guys climb; I’ll jump!”
 
“What?!? No, don-”
 
Shawn leaped from his branch.
 
Lucas widened his eyes and tried to stop him, but I grabbed him before he could hinder Shawn’s trajectory.
 
Shawn landed on his left leg, twisting it at awkward angle and causing a bloody chunk of bone to protrude from his calf. The shock seemed to nullify his pain for a few seconds. He then screamed until his neck veins bulged, turning red in the face and pounding the ground with his fist.
 
“Ha!” said Emily. “He got off easy!”
 
I climbed up to the upper branches and said to a stunned Lucas:
 
“Come on! We can’t do anything about it!”
 
Lucas followed me. I lost more vision by the second. The smoke obstructed our view and choked our throats, causing us to cough every other moment. I could still hear the battle going on. I climbed until I could poke my head through the smoke and leaves, just so I could see what was happening.
 
The social justice warriors were surprisingly resilient. Every time they got punched in the face, they swung with their baseball bats and golf clubs more vicious and desperate. Groups of soccer and football players protected each other from incoming strikes, often taking hits that were meant for another person. 
 
Blake plowed through ranks of social justice warriors trying to reach us, like an escaped bull making a mad dash towards something taunting it. Two women then jumped on his back, but that didn’t stop Blake, it only slowed him down. A guy joined the two women, and then a fourth assisted them until Blake fell. 
 
Elliot punted one guy off Blake and punched the other one, knocking him out. The soccer player then turned his fist at the pair of women, but hesitated, allowing the two of them to lunge at him instead. 
 
This freed Blake, who pulled one chick off Elliot and flung her at the other, leaving them both groaning on the grass. The two athletes then reached the perimeter of the fire, backing away when it was too hot for them. Blake then shouted:
 
“Emmett, are you there?!?”
 
“Yeah! I’m up here!” I waved. “Go help Shawn! He’s over there, and he broke his leg!”
 
Elliot nodded and ran towards Shawn. Blake then said:
 
“You’re gonna have to jump! I can catch you!”
 
“What about me?!?” shouted Lucas. 
 
“You too!” said Blake.
 
Lucas swallowed and looked at me. The tree creaked loudly. It was going to collapse any second now. Lucas stammered incomprehensibly before he said:
 
“I-I’m not doing it.”
 
I frowned. “Are you fucking serious? This isn’t optional! It’s either jumping or dying!”
 
“I can’t! Just look at Shawn! And we’re higher than he was!” 
 
Our branch bent slightly. Emily then said:
 
“Leave him! Jump! It’s not your fault he’s a pussy!”
 
“Fine!” I said. “You don’t have to jump! I just thought of a safer alternative.”
 
“What?!?” said Lucas.
 
“Close your eyes and turn around!”
 
I threw him off the tree. 
 
Once Lucas realized what happened, he was already on Blake’s arms. He scowled at me, but his immediate anger was rapidly quelled by an overwhelming relief. Blake set him down and gestured at me. I nodded, took a deep breath, and jumped. 
 
Time slowed down for me. I clenched my sphincter, noticing I misjudged my leap. I was off by a couple of feet. Blake sprinted towards me and caught me anyways. I sighed, relaxing when I was on solid ground again. The tree crumbled with a crackling thud. Its fire lowered in intensity, though it still radiated a strong heat after it fell.  
 
“Y-you asshole!” said Lucas. “You tricked me!”
 
“Yeah.” I smiled. “You’re welcome.”
 
Elliot brought Shawn over, acting like a crutch for the broken leg. Shawn gritted his teeth, wincing every step until he was set down next to us. The rest of the athletes managed to fight off the lynch mob while we were busy. A lot of Tiffany’s followers were prone on the ground, writhing in pain, but the majority retreated before they could suffer any significant losses. Percentage wise, we had more injured on our side than they did. There were just too many of them. Elliot then said:
 
“You’re really something else, Emmett. If you hadn’t warned us yesterday, we wouldn’t have been prepared to find you. How did you know this was going to happen?”
 
“Wait,” said Lucas, “you *knew*?”
 
I shrugged. “It wasn’t that hard to predict. The last debate almost ended like this, and tensions were even higher this time around.”
 
“Still,” said Lucas, “it wasn’t guaranteed.” He turned to Elliot. “How did you even find us?”
 
“We just followed the mob” said Elliot. “We would’ve charged earlier, but some of the guys started getting cold feet when they saw how many nutjobs were after you.” 
 
“We’re gonna get crushed this weekend.” Blake rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Coach is gonna kill me for putting the team in danger. Two of our starters are already injured because of this.” He hung his head. “Whatever. You owe us big, Emmett.”
 
“Come on, I only gave you a heads-up. I didn’t ask for a rescue mission.”
 
Elliot scoffed. “Right. It’s not like you didn’t guilt trip us or anything.” 
 
“Okay, so there may have been a bit of manipulation going on, but the decision was your own. I didn’t think you guys would come, really. I’m glad I was wrong.”
 
Shawn let out an exasperated sigh and said:
 
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, Emmett’s a freaking mastermind, blah, blah, blah. What else is new? Can we stop sucking his dick and focus on the situation? I… I think I’m gonna pass out soon.”
 
“He’s right” said Lucas. “What now?”
 
“For some reason,” I said, “Tiffany needs you. Any clue as to why?”
 
Lucas thought for a second and said:
 
“Nope.”
 
“Great” said Shawn. “Well, either way, you need to get out of here. Preferably as far away from the university as possible. It’s like we’re the kings in a game of chess. If Tiffany catches us, she wins. I can’t leave with my leg like this, but you two can still run away.”
 
“I agree” said Elliot. “We can gather some men to accompany you to safety. We’ll stay here, stop those nutjobs from destroying the school, and protect Greenfield until we can get him medical assistance.”
 
“Right” said Blake. “I’ll go get some of my guys.”
 
Blake shuffled off towards his teammates and Elliot did the same. I walked away from Lucas and Shawn, looking for my suit’s jacket. I remember it fell near the base of the tree, so it was probably consumed by the fire. Still, that thing costed me eight hundred dollars. I wasn’t going to write it off as burnt without searching for it. This was my first time wearing it. I literally bought it for the debate and it didn’t even last me a week. 
 
I sighed. I couldn’t find it. I took off my vest and tie, along with the microphone apparatus, throwing them on the ground. They were making it hard to breathe and I was kinda pissed, so I needed to feel comfortable. I then undid the upper two buttons of my shirt for good measure. I needed to clear my head. Focus. I rubbed my forehead, brought out my cellphone, and dialed Jessica. No signal. Fuck. I also wanted to ask Lain some questions. I’m screwed without her. It. They.
 
Wait a second. I narrowed my eyes at the screen. I’d never thought of it before, but does Lain actually need satellites and cell towers to text me? If our communication is extradimensional, would it really be necessary? It was worth trying.
 
“*Can you still talk to me?*”
 
“*Yes.*”
 
I chuckled. Brilliant. 
 
“*Why does Tiffany need Lucas?*”
 
“*Because he has the authority to postpone the election. Tiffany wants to buy time so that the people under her hypnosis can recover from the seizures and still vote for her.*”
 
Figures. Tiffany hasn’t given up yet. Lain had told me the seizures would only incapacitate normal people for a few days at best. If she waits until they’re all recovered, she will definitely win the election. The victims also get more resistant to the cognitive dissonance after getting triggered, so even if I weren’t against doing this whole thing again, it wouldn’t be as effective as it was tonight.
 
“*Is Jessica safe?*”
 
“*Yes. She’s too scared to leave so she’s still waiting for you.*”
 
“*What about Suzan?*”
 
“*She’s safe in her appartment. No one knows she’s there.*”
 
At least things could be worse. 
 
“*Where’s Tiffany right now?*”
 
“*She’s hiding in the biology labs, watching everything from the sixth floor.*”
 
I see. That’s one of the tallest buildings on campus. Tiffany probably went there because of the wide vantage it gave her. I noticed the distant police sirens again and remembered something vital. I didn’t have to defeat Tiffany. Not directly. I could just wait until the police arrived.
 
“*What’s the estimated time of arrival for the police?*”
 
“*There isn’t one.*”
 
I frowned. “*Why?*”
 
“*The city is in gridlock. They can’t get there until the traffic jams alleviate.*”
 
Well shit. “*What about campus security?*”
 
“*They’re too busy with the theaters in chaos. Also, they’re trained to not interfere with any violent manifestations. Their protocol dictates they have to defer these matters to the police.*”
 
I took a deep breath. Nothing I could do about that. I only had one more thing to ask:
 
“*Did my jacket survive the fire?*”
 
“*No.*”
 
Of course.
 
Blake and Elliot came back with a handful of athletes from both teams. I pocketed my phone and joined them. The football captain then said:
 
“Okay guys, we only have a small window here. They’ll be back any second.”
 
I shook my head and said:
 
“I’m not leaving.”
 
“What?!?” said Lucas. “Are you suicidal?”
 
“I can’t leave. Jessica’s waiting for me.”
 
“Illus?” said Shawn. “Look Emmett, she’s cute and all, but she isn’t worth risking your life over.”
 
“It’s not about that! I promised we’d leave together. She didn’t bring her car and she can’t walk alone at night so she’s stuck here. I’m not abandoning her. I’d be betraying her.”
 
“You’re thinking with your dick.”
 
I frowned. “I’m not!”
 
“Fine” said Elliot. “We won’t force you to leave. Lucas, you should get going now.”
 
“N-no” said Lucas.
 
“What?” I said. “Why?”
 
“Because I’m the goddamned president. This is *my* university. I’m not gonna be a coward. Not when you’re all risking yourselves to protect it.”
 
I put my hand on Lucas’ shoulder and said:
 
“You don’t have to prove anything. Staying safe is the best thing you can do for the university.” 
 
Lucas furrowed his brow. “I said I’m not leaving. It’s final. I’m going to help as much as I can.”
 
Blake laughed and said:
 
“Well that settles that, then. We should start preparing for the next wave. Anyone have any ideas?”
 
“Yeah,” I said, “I think I have something in mind. You guys think you can knock down the student center’s doors?”
 
Blake looked at the doors, tilted his head, and nodded at me. “Probably. Three or four of us should do the trick.”
 
“Perfect.”
 
“What are you planning?” said Elliot. 
 
“There’s no cell reception, but we can still use some of the campus security’s radios to communicate. There’s probably some inside. We also need a safe place to set Shawn down before he blacks out. Oh, and,” I pointed at the clocktower, “that’s the best view we can have. I need complete vision of the battlefield if I’m going to command you guys.”
 
Elliot arched an eyebrow. “Command?”
 
“Yes, command. You guys are going to get pummeled by Adam if you repeat the same tactics. You only won because of the surprise. Now they’re prepared for you, and they’re more organized because they have a chain of command.”
 
Elliot shook his head. “I’m sorry Emmett. That’s… pretty far fetched. I’m not gonna let you boss my team around.”
 
“Yeah” said Blake. 
 
“Listen to him” said Shawn, his voice low and his breathing fast. “He knows what he’s talking about. At times like these, Emmett is at his sharpest. He’s a master tactician. I’ve seen it a thousand times.”
 
“I… I agree” said Lucas. “He was calling the shots while we ran away. If it hadn’t been for Emmett, I wouldn’t be here.”
 
“Guys,” I said, “I know it’s strange, but you have to listen to me. I’m not undermining your authority. Only you two have to listen to me. I trust you guys to lead your teams; not me. We can beat Adam if we outmaneuver him, but we can’t do it while we’re so disorganized. I can do this. Just let me lead you.”
 
Elliot looked at Blake, who pursed his lips and shrugged. 
 
“Fine” said Elliot. “It’s not like we can afford to argue.”
 
I smirked. “Okay then, let’s start by knocking down those doors.”
 
-----------------
-----------------
 
Blake and three other football players lined up on the cement steps, fell into a starting position, and dashed with reckless abandon. They collided shoulders first into the heavy wooden doors, splintering them a bit. 
 
Blake took a step back, frowned, and said:
 
“Again!”
 
They repeated the same motions, damaging the frame. The doors still stood, though. One of the men rubbed his shoulder, walking away in defeat and whining from the pain. Blake seemed livid by this point. He slapped the back of his teammate's head, grabbed him by his shirt’s collar, and lined him up with the rest of the men. The captain then called two more guys and ran even faster than before. Their grunts evolved into rageful shouts, ramming the doors and unhinging them. 
 
The athletes celebrated and high-fived each other while I walked around them, towards the circular desk. I didn’t see any radios on the counter, but after rummaging through some cabinets I managed to find four. I then handed them out to Blake, Elliot, and Lucas, keeping one for myself. They were push-to-talk like most walkie-talkies, but we didn’t know how to tune them to the same frequency. We figured out how to use them after fiddling with them for a while and tested them before Lucas and I went to the uppermost floor. It’d be disastrous if we were attacked unprepared. 
 
In a backroom full of dust and cobwebs, we found a narrow, circular staircase made of plain cement. It didn’t have a railing, so we could easily fall off because of a careless step. We followed it upwards until reaching an entrance that led into a small balcony below the clock, but it was barred by a thick, iron gate. 
 
“Damn it!” I sighed. “Well, there goes that plan.”
 
Lucas then said:
 
“Can’t we use any other place?”
 
“No, the view’s blocked by other buildings. I need to see everything if we’re gonna do this right. We could go to another building, but that’d just expose us to Tiffany’s followers.”
 
“We’ll think of something.”
 
“Right.” I pulled out my radio and pressed the button. “Blake, Elliot, how’s everything over there?”
 
“Nothing to report” said Elliot through the radio. “You in position?”
 
“Nope. It’s blocked. I can’t get into the balcony.”
 
“Then what are you gonna do? We don’t have much time.”
 
“I dunno. We’ll think of something on the way down. I’ll see you guys in the lobby.”
 
“Roger. Over and out.”
 
I clipped the radio onto my waist and descended the staircase with Lucas. I was frustrated, but I didn’t want to bother Lucas so I hid it as best as I could. We made it to the main stairs and went down two floors until I heard a strange noise. Goosebumps covered my skin, forcing me to grab Lucas before he took another step. 
 
“What?” said Lucas.
 
“You don’t hear that?”
 
“Hear what?”
 
“Those hushed noises.”
 
Lucas closed his eyes, focused, and said:
 
“Y-yeah. I do! Where are they coming from?”
 
I looked at the main hallway of the third floor, leaning forward to locate the source. It was pitch black, except for a blue glow at the turn of the corner. It was coming from there. I then said:
 
“Let’s check it out.”
 
“I… Well…”
 
I narrowed my eyes.
 
“Okay” said Lucas, reluctantly.
 
We both walked towards the noise, reaching a locked clubroom. The faint light shined underneath the door’s crack, flickering every so often. Then I heard a man cackle with glee, which just confused me even more. It seemed he was enjoying a movie or television show.
 
“Someone’s inside” said Lucas. 
 
“Yeah, I noticed.” 
 
“This is perfect!” 
 
“Why?”
 
Lucas rolled his eyes. “Because we can leave Shawn here! Most clubrooms have couches, or comfortable furniture. It’s better than leaving him on the floor. Plus, whoever’s inside probably has this club’s set of keys.”
 
“So?”
 
“Club keys are distributed with a spare key to the infirmary in case of emergencies. It’s school policy. It means we can clean Shawn’s wounds and help the injured players with some painkillers or bandages.”
 
“That’s… brilliant! But why would someone be in here? Isn’t this building supposed to be empty?”
 
Lucas gave me a vacant stare. He then said:
 
“I dunno. They’re breaking the rules just by being here.”
 
“Whatever then. Let’s give it a try.”
 
I knocked on the door.
 
No response.
 
I frowned and banged louder several times. The person inside fumbled, tripped, and shut off whatever he was watching. It was obvious we startled him. Lucas looked at me, nodded, and said:
 
“This is Lucas Rodgers speaking. I know you’re there! I hope your president knows you’re using the clubroom after hours. Otherwise you’d be getting them in big trouble without them even knowing.”
 
I heard the person approach the door and say:
 
“I *am* the president, Lucas.”
 
The voice was familiar, but I couldn’t picture who it was. Which club was this anyways? I looked at the plaque above the door frame. I couldn’t make out the words because of how dark it was, so I squinted and leaned forward. 
 
It was… the gaming club. Fuck.
 
“Aaron?” said Lucas. “What the hell are you doing in there?”
 
“I uhh… I was working on something club related and I fell asleep here.”
 
“Dude,” said Lucas, “don’t lie. I know you weren’t asleep. I heard you laughing just now. You *know* this is a serious offense. If you come clean, I won’t punish you.”
 
“Okay… I’ve been staying here all week.”
 
“This isn’t a hotel, Aaron. You need to leave.”
 
“Leave? Are you insane? It’s mayhem out there! I’m not leaving this place. It’s not safe.”
 
“How do you even know that?”
 
“I have a live feed of the security cameras around campus. I’ve been watching those feminazis tear up the place for a while now. They’re freaking out! It’s pretty funny.”
 
I widened my eyes. The cameras! Why didn’t I think of that? I could easily give orders if I could use them.
 
Lucas frowned. “How the hell did you get access to the cameras?”
 
“Trade secret.”
 
“I swear to god, I’m gonna have you expelled and kicked out of there as soon as I can.”
 
“Come on! You said you wouldn’t punish me if I came clean. I’m homeless right now. My apartment was burnt to the ground in a freak accident. Have a heart! It’s not like I did anything to deserve this.”
 
I cleared my throat softly, looking away. Aaron then said:
 
“Is… is someone else there?”
 
I shook my head as fast and silently as I could, but Lucas didn’t notice before he said:
 
“Yeah. I’m with Emmett Wilfery.”
 
Shit.
 
“Oh…” said Aaron. “What do *you* want?”
 
I pursed my lips and said:
 
“We need your clubroom. And your keys.”
 
“Ha! Get fucked, scrub.”
 
I rubbed my forehead. “This isn’t the time for this. Can you open the door or what?”
 
“Hell no. Not for you. You’re just gonna beat me up.”
 
“Aaron…” said Lucas. “You’re not in a position to say no.”
 
“I don’t give a shit anymore” said Aaron. “I’d gladly be homeless tomorrow if it screws over Emmett tonight. My life is crap enough as it is and my dad’s already considering transferring me to another college. It’s not like expelling me will hurt me.”
 
I stomped and shouted:
 
“Then we’ll ram down the door!”
 
“Go ahead and try! I’ll record everything and get you expelled for damaging school property.” 
 
I sighed. Lucas then said:
 
“Let’s just leave. He’s a lost cause. We’ll come up with something else.”
 
“No...” I said. “There isn’t anything else. This is our best shot at winning.” I took a deep breath. “Aaron… I get you don't like me, but there has to be some common ground we work on. Are you willing to negotiate?”
 
Aaron stayed quiet for a few seconds, until he said:
 
“It depends… What are you offering, cuck?”

----------
>“...she’s just like me.”

I retracted the blade and stuffed the boxcutter in my pocket. 

My face felt numb, and my knee throbbed like a ticking time bomb with random alternations of incredible pain and slightly less incredible pain before exploding into incredible heights. The aftershock of the taser lingered in my stiff muscles, but I still carried Jessica to her couch, placing her there horizontally with a throwaway pillow under her head. I even brushed some loose strands of hair that covered her face unflatteringly. 

I then sat at the other end of the couch, contemplating what just happened. My emotions were… complicated, to say the least. I felt confused. With a pinch of shame. My rage. My indignation. My nihilism. All vanished and replaced with remorse. I had just gone through a sudden moment of clarity that led me to a now obvious conclusion. 

I'm so fucked up.

My brain wasn’t well, and I hadn't realized it until now. Emily was also gone. Probably because I already decided I wasn’t killing Jessica. Or anyone for that matter.

“Thanks,” mumbled Jessica, “I couldn’t move and I was really uncomfortable there.” She threw herself upright on the couch with a small grunt and then relaxed her shoulders while sighing. “So…”

“So…”

“Who’s Emily?”

“No one important.”

“I was conscious, you know. I just couldn't move. Were you talking to someone back there?”

“No... Of course not.”

“Because the alternative would be that you were talking to yourself.”

I pursed my lips. “Right… didn’t think that through. Okay, full disclosure. I haven’t slept in four days, and I haven’t been sober since.”

“It’s okay, I’m wasted too. You don’t look drunk, though.”

“I’m not. I’m just really high right now. I’ve even started to hallucinate someone I… that died a few years back, then those crazy Tiffany worshipers ambushed me and almost raped me while recording it, and then the hallucination told me to kill them, then I saw Shawn’s new video and it told me to kill you, and things just spun out of control from there.”

Jessica nodded, fazed. “I uhh… Heh. I can’t really respond to that.” 

“I don’t expect you to.”

Jessica looked away. “But then again, I can’t really criticize. I kinda had a surreal afternoon.”

“You did? How?”

“Well, I had to track down and intimidate a few people before I knew where Aaron lived, then I asked an electrician to help me rig Aaron’s apartment so it looked like an electrical fire, then by the time we exited the apartment complex, I remembered other people lived there, so I pulled a fire alarm and started helping them evacuate, but then the fire spread even more, so I had to dive in to save this elderly couple that were almost left behind. And uhh, yeah. It’s been a weird day.”

“Oh so that’s why you’re so dusty. How did you even get an electrician too agree with you?”

“He owed me a favor.”

I arched an eyebrow. “You mean blackmailed him?

Jessica scratched her forearm. “Y-yeah. He ran away before he could be seen by anyone, but I don’t blame him.”

“Did anyone see you?”

“The firemen and police hadn’t gotten there by the time I helped everyone out, so I just ran away before they could identify me.”

“Huh… I guess the important thing is… could this get us arrested?”
 
“Please, this isn’t my first arson. I did my proper scouting and everything. I even have a fake alibi.”

“I’m not sure if that makes me feel any better…”

“Said the guy hearing voices.”

“Fair enough.”

“Look, I have issues, I’m aware of it.”

“That’s putting it lightly.”

Jessica narrowed her eyes. 

I swallowed. “I can’t stop being detached and ironic, ok? It’s a defense mechanism. I swear, I don’t want to be a smart ass. I’m trying to control it. It's my way of avoiding vulnerability. I’m really sorry.”

Jessica sighed. “I get it. Like I was saying... I have issues. A lot of them. I’m trying, and failing, to control my impulses too. Every time I fail or mess up, I end up even more angrier at myself until I do something that cools me down, but that just hurts the people around me. Then I feel worse and the cycle continues. The harder I fight against it, the more I end up hurting others, and I just can’t stop myself.” Jessica choked up, but pushed down her emotions. “For the past year and a half, I haven’t had a day go by where I haven’t contemplated suicide, but I never go through with it because I’m too much of a coward. I’m just…” Her breathing got heavy. “I’m just so tired of being alone!” She sniffled. “And the worst part is, I don’t blame anyone for not dealing with me. I know I’m draining. Even I can’t stand me.”

“Jessica, I’m sure there’s people who care about you.”

“People who are forced to care, Emmett. After my parents died, pretty much everyone in my elementary school ignored me. The friends I had got tired of me never wanting to play and being mopey all the time, and while the teachers tried their best to comfort me, eventually they stopped paying attention and assumed I was better as soon as I stopped complaining. That forced me to work really hard and get good grades because it… it got me attention.” Jessica welled up. “But then everyone started using my smarts to justify their criticisms of me. Everything just got worse. I couldn’t fuck up anymore. Apparently, I was too intelligent for that. It was my fault I was depressed. It was my fault I couldn’t handle my stuff,” her face twisted in pain, “but it wasn’t, okay?!? It wasn’t! No one chooses to be sad! No one chooses to be as fucked up as I am! I get it! I’m a horrible person and I should just shoot myself! But I can’t!”

“That doesn’t mean people don’t care about you. Weren’t you raised by anyone?”

“A friend of my dad’s and his wife. They always put an angelic face when in front of other people, but I’ve heard them talking when they thought I wasn't around. The late nights when they shared a few bottles of wine and thought I was sleeping. I was taken in by them because they were guilted into it. They never planned on having kids. They even almost got divorced because of me.”

“Oh…”

“Yeah. As soon as I became eighteen, they absolved themselves of any responsibility over me. They only call me on christmas now. Not that we talked before or anything. All I’ve ever done is watch anime, alone in my room with my computer, ever since middle school. I was raised by internet memes and Japanese cartoons. I don’t even have a personality!” Jessica let out an exasperated sigh. “I’m pathetic!” She moaned. “I can’t relate to anyone without them being just as messed up as me, because normal people just don’t care, or understand. I can’t even go two hours without quoting some internet bullshit because I just don’t know how to connect with people otherwise. I thought I could change that when I got to college. And I have. Sort of. I’m less socially anxious and I can get along with people better, just as long as they don’t get to know me too much. But I’m still the same as before.” She paused and frowned. “No, I’m worse because I’m cocky and I know how much I can get away with. I’m still stuck in my room almost every day watching anime and hating my life, but I’m getting more and more self-destructive as time goes by. Fuck. I haven’t even said this to Amy. Why the hell am I opening up to you?”

“Because you needed to speak with someone… And I’m here, listening.”

Jessica slowly nodded. I then said:

“Why *didn't* you tell Amy? I can understand not getting a therapist, I’ve been through a bunch and they’ve never helped. But she's your friend. I'm sure she would've listened to you."

"It's not that easy, Emmett. I've been through this dozens of times. Friends always pretend to care... until it's too much to handle. When it's really bad, and I just can't see a light at the end of the tunnel, I... I… I…” 

Jessica broke down. Her tears poured as she wailed and said:

“I just get really clingy!” She covered her face, crying into her hands. “I crave someone telling me I'm not horrible, but people just get weirded out, or they tell me I shouldn't complain because they've had it rough too. Even worse, some of them only talked to me out of duty. I wasn't a friend anymore. I was a responsibility. Eventually they just get tired and and lose contact with me. That's why I push people away now. I just couldn’t bare to loose another person like that. I... I didn't want to lose Amy this way, so I kept all my issues private." She wiped away her tears, blurring her eyeliner. "And I still fucking lost her! She'll never come back. Not after how shitty I was to her. I deserve everything I’ve-" 

I hugged Jessica as much as I could. She hugged me back, squeezing my back and crying uncontrollably into my chest. I cradled her back and forth, saying into her ear:

"It's okay. No matter what you think, or others say, you are not a monster. You're just... human. If you need to hear it more, then I’ll say ‘till my throat gives out. You don’t deserve this. No one does. And if Amy doesn't come back, she wasn't a true friend and you were better off without her. I… I know loneliness can be torture, but it's better than having fake friends."

Jessica looked at me, sniffed, and said:

"H-have you been through the same?"

I kept hugging her. She almost melted into my arms. "Yes. Kind of. My problem is different, but I understand you. I don’t want you to think I pity you. I respect you too much for that. If anything, I want you to know that you’re not as alone, or broken, as you think you are.”

“Then why are we here, Emmett? Just to suffer? To indulge in mindless hedonism and forget about the world? Why does any of this have to happen?”

“I... I wish I could give you an answer, or a solution, but... in the end, there is no why. If for some contrived reason you stumbled upon a being that knew everything, who could answer any question you have, the answer it might give for our existence could very well be… even worse than not having an answer at all. It’s better to not know. Trust me. I'm... I'm just as lost as you, I just hide it well.”

"Really?"

"Of course. Look, everyone that's ever cared about me has either died, lived to regret it, or ended up irreparably damaged because of me. Sometimes I just think killing myself would prevent a lot of grief, and the temptation... well, it's always there, and fighting against it only makes it worse. Sometimes I can’t even get out of bed without the weight of the universe bearing down on me. I hate myself. I really do, but..."

Jessica widened her eyes, expecting me to finish my sentence. I didn't know what to say next. I was just improvising. I couldn't let her stay like this. I had to give her hope. She's an amazing person, even if a bit bitchy at times. Of course she deserves to live. 

I hate myself, but... Damn it. I couldn't come up with anything. I hate myself but...

"...that doesn't mean that we can’t change. If I died, I'd never have an opportunity to redeem myself. But we have to change, Jessica. We have to make more of an effort. We can’t stay like this.”

“But why? The world is horrible! *I’m* horrible. I just can’t imagine anything making my life worthwhile.”

I sighed. “You know, a wise man once said that every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don't always don't always soften the bad things, but likewise, the bad things don't render the good things unimportant. *You* aren't unimportant. You deserve to be understood, accepted, and even... loved. Sure, people will always hurt each other , but that doesn’t mean that isolating yourself is the solution. It just means you have to find people who are willing to be hurt by you. You can’t give into despair. Madoka died for this shit.”

Jessica chuckled. “That was cringey.” 

I frowned. “Screw you, then. I was trying to help.”

Jessica laughed. I then said:

“This does explain a big mystery, though.”

“What?”

I smirked. “How someone as smart as you could enjoy a horrible show like Naruto.”

Jessica closed her eyes and giggled. “Stop it, you’re ruining a sweet moment.”

“No, really, you’re a fox demon away from being an anime protagonist.”

“I’m actually a natural blonde, so it’s more true than you think.”

I widened my eyes with facetious panic. “Oh god… blonde women. I can’t escape them.”

Jessica laughed for a while. When she finished, her spirit seemed lifted. “I… Thank you, Emmett. This has been a really weird experience. I never thought I’d go from viciously fighting to bonding with you in the span of an hour.”

“Don’t be grateful. I’m only doing this because I owed it to you. Hearing you has actually made me understand myself better. In a way. So yeah, this was an entirely selfish decision on my part. Plus, we make a good team. I can’t beat Shawn and Tiffany without your help.”

“For what it’s worth, I’m glad it helped us both.” Jessica smiled. “Even if I did most of the talking. Damn it. I’m sorry about that. There’s a million questions I have for you! Aren’t you worried about your health? I get that you want to win, but it shouldn’t be at the cost of your sanity. You can drop out if you want. I won't mind. Just… forget about everything. Your secret will be safe with me, I promise.”

“I can’t back out now. You opened pandora’s box. Kaiser’s already involved in this one way or another, so I might as well take as much advantage of the situation as I can.”

“I’m… I’m actually really ashamed. It was very inconsiderate on my part to use Kaiser’s I.D. without asking you about it. It’s just… I was so pissed at Aaron, then Shawn popped up everywhere on the internet and I was just so overwhelmed. It was only way we could win the election! You would’ve never agreed to use Kaiser for this.”

“That’s true… but what’s done is done. How *did* you trick Shawn?”

“I sent him an email with the subject of your article before you posted it today. The mad priest thing. Since Kaiser is supposed to be the only person who knew that, Shawn bought the rest of what I told him.”

“And how exactly is this plan gonna help us? I’m not about to reveal my identity.”

“By discrediting him. I can get the AV club to rig the theater and have a live feed of ‘Kaiser’ interrupt the debate. The reason I said you’d expose your identity was for pure clickbait. Thursday’s debate is being livestreamed on Youtube because of the national attention. If Kaiser tears down Shawn in front of that many people and sponsors you, you can’t lose.”

I looked away, scratching my head. “Hmm… That might work, but it doesn’t solve everything.”

“It doesn’t?”

“It helps, but Tiffany still has too much control and we don't have enough clubs on our side.” 

I clenched my jaw. Jessica doesn’t know about the hypnosis. I think I can get away with hallucinating, but if I start telling her psychic powers are real, she might just take me to a mental asylum. Furthermore, there was an obvious solution to the hypnosis now. The problem is it’s exactly what Emily suggested, and I wasn’t comfortable with that. The hypnosis is unbreakable without Tiffany willing it. Lain was very clear about that, and every loophole I thought of was covered. They only way to win was to induce a seizure and remove them from the voting pool. I knew the seizures weren’t lethal, Lain said so, but they *could* cause complications that led to brain damage. 

Was it worth the risk? Maybe. The fact that Tiffany is basically holding all those people hostage made me angry. She can't keep getting away with that. I'm in a position to stop her. If she wins, she'll just keep doing it. It felt weird, but the moral thing to do was to beat her. Even if it injured someone innocent. She's the one who put them at risk, not me.

I looked at Jessica and said:

“Kaiser can’t just tear down Shawn. That would just open the way for Tiffany to win. If we’re doing this, we need to do something about the XSMG too.”

“Okay,” Jessica nodded, “what do you have in mind?”

“I want to trigger as many people as possible. I want to make them question everything they believe in and force them to think for themselves. I’m gonna find some dirt with my source. There has to be something. She can’t just be perfect.”

Jessica raised her eyebrows. “That’s dangerous, Emmett. People almost rioted last time.” 

“I know, but I can’t take responsibility for that. Tiffany’s the one that brainwashed them, not me. Is it really my fault if anything happens?”

“I agree, but…” Jessica stood up. “The debate is gonna be shown on screen in every department’s theater room, not just the main auditorium.” She threw up her hands. “The audience is gonna be ten times larger! Nay, twenty! And more spread out over campus! Any revolts you cause could throw the entire university into pandemonium.”  She hunched forward with her fists clenched in excitement. “Vandalism, fist fights, fires all around…”

“You know, the more you describe it, the more eager you seem.”

Jessica bit her lip, grinned sheepishly, and said:

“Like I said, a lot of issues.”

“No judgement on my part. To be honest, I’m kinda excited too.” I stood up triumphantly. “It’s you and me against the world, and we finally have a winning hand!”

“Yeah! We’ll crush anyone who stands in our way and rule this campus together!”

We both laughed for a while until trailing off. Jessica then narrowed her eyes slightly, softened her expression, and made eye contact with me. 

I reciprocated in silence. 

It wasn’t awkward, quite the opposite. I felt at ease. It was like we had an unspoken agreement to enjoy this moment for what it was, without words. She looked like a mess. Her hair was frazzled, her face covered in ash, tears, and runny eyeliner, and yet, the only thing I could think of was how beautiful she was. Not her just her body, but everything about her. Her geekiness. Her stubbornness. Her cute indignation whenever she’s embarrassed. 

I took a step forward, closing the gap between us.

Jessica stood still, widening her eyes. 

I leaned my head forward, and Jessica slowly placed her hand on my chest.

My pulse quickened, and Jessica’s breath got heavier. 

“Holy shit” said Amy, holding her backpack on one shoulder. “What the hell happened here?!? Emmett! Your face! Jessica! The house!”

Jessica immediately retracted her hand, panicking and turning around. “Amy?!?”

“Yo.” Amy made a peace sign with her fingers. “Did I miss something?”

“N-no” said Jessica.

“Not really…” I continued. “...but what are you doing here?!?”

Amy shrugged. “I live here?”

“That’s not what I-”

“I know,” said Amy, “it’s just… complicated, okay? I’ve been doing a lot of thinking lately, and I couldn’t just leave you guys hanging. I felt too guilty. Tiffany’s the one that made Rose like that, not you. Plus… I’m the one that cheated on her. If anything, I’m the one responsible for her downward spiral. I was self-conscious about what I did to her, and couldn’t handle it. But, whatever. I can’t be a dick to you guys because of it. We’re friends. Not only that, I also stumbled upon a way to help you. You might not believe it, but I have some really good news.”

“I…” Jessica rubbed her temples a bit. “...this is too much to process right now. I need tea. Anyone else want tea?”

“Tea would be nice” I said.

Amy placed her backpack on the dinner table. “Yeah, make me one too!”

--------------------------------
>I googled a transcript of Shawn’s video and finished another joint before reading it. I didn’t feel like seeing Shawn put on his persona. His jokes and lightheartedness would only exacerbate my seething anger. 

Apparently, *somehow*, Kaiser talked to Shawn, with undeniable proof verifying it was the *real* Kaiser, and then KAISER, the real, very much official one hundred percent official **KAISER**, agreed to sponsor him in his campaign! 

No, not only that, Kaiser himself will cover this election since it has gathered so much internet attention, and reveal his identity during Thursday’s debate! 

Wasn’t that just lovely on Kaiser’s part?

I already knew who did this, but it didn’t hurt to confirm. I texted Lain:

*”Who did this?”*

*”Jessica.”*

That lying bitch.

She’s cutting her losses. She found a way to prove I was Kaiser, or fake she was me. With this trainwreck of an election, Jessica knows it’s hopeless, just like Suzan. She has access to the same information in the newspaper, so it’s not like I can hide it from her. She’s getting the most out of it, exposing me to take advantage of this huge spotlight. Jessica walks away as journalist of the year and I end up in chains.

I stood up, entered the bathroom, and took a piss. Seeing my broken mirror only stoked the flames of my rage. I’m gonna have to buy a new one. If I stayed in this city, that is. I already had an escape plan just in case I had to skip town quickly, but I’ll need a few days head start if I plan on surviving the manhunt. I couldn’t see through the election. 

I then washed my hands, sighing. 

I’m trapped. There’s nothing I can do about this. My loss is inevitable. 

I can’t beat Tiffany, I can’t beat Shawn, and even if I could, freaking Jessica has me between a rock and a hard place, why the hell am I really bothering, I was beat from the start, those two fuckwits had been gathering people to jump on their wagon for years before this, I never had a herd of sheep because I’ve never needed it to pad my ego, I’m a goddamned misanthrope and I’m proud of it I never got into this to play fair follow anyone’s rules or babysit idiots into getting along I want to rule the world so I can kill off anyone that doesn’t do what I tell them to. Ethics can go fuck themselves, in the end, *how* you win doesn’t really matter, no one gives a shit, the ends do justify the means!

Emily appeared on the broken mirror and said:

“You’re being a bitch.”

I turned around and walked out of the bathroom. Emily then said:

“So you’re just gonna keep ignoring me? It’s been a few years since I died. You won’t even take the opportunity to finally talk to me again?”

“You’re not real. And you can read my mind. Plus, you always have an angle. Everything you say is suspect. I have nothing to gain from talking to you.”

“Look who’s talking. You’re not real either, you know.” Emily smiled. “That’s awfully hypocritical of you.”

“I’d rather be a hypocrite than talk to you.”

“Fine. Prove that Amy girl right! Be everything you hate about Tiffany!”

“Fuck off!”

We stayed quiet for a few seconds.

“I have a solution for both of your problems. Something that would most definitely hook the readers and extend the universe further. You’re just subconsciously ignoring it.”

I widened my eyes, slowly walking back to the mirror. “How?”

“Look at you. So desperate to win. I’m almost proud.”

“Just… tell me.”

“Kill Jessica, and give everyone hypnotized a seizure.” 

“What?”

“If you do it during the night of the debate, they’ll all be hospitalized like Rose, and won’t make it to the voting booths the next morning. By wiping out the majority of the voting pool, Tiffany becomes a non-factor, and you and the clubs beat my little bro in a landslide win.”

“That still doesn’t justify killing Jessica…”

“I don’t have to tell you. You know it yourself. None of this is real. It really doesn’t mean anything. You’re causing yourself unnecessary grief by taking the high road here. It’s just a secondary character and some faceless, background students. Don’t hold back.”

“It’s still wrong.”

“You and I both know that if you’d just *killed* Jessica the night she left the note, you wouldn’t even be in this mess.”

“That’s…”

“...the truth” finished Emily. “I know everything you think Emmett. You can’t lie to me. You regret not killing her.”

I looked away from the mirror. Why is she making so much sense? 

Emily then said:

“Go ahead. Ask Jessica yourself. Confront her and find out.”

“No.”

“Think of the risk she’s putting you in! Not just you, everyone, the universe!”

“I’m not doing anything you say. You’re just gonna screw me over. Somehow.”

“Like I did with Aaron?” Emily rolled her eyes. “I helped you back there, admit it. You obviously need me. No one else will help you. You’re all alone, and I’m the only one you can count on. I depend on your survival. I know what’s really at stake here. You can’t say that about anyone else. They wouldn’t even believe you.” She smirked. “But what am I saying? You already know I’m right.”

I changed into the same clothes I had on before and left my apartment. I was done putting up with Jessica’s shit. She’s brought me nothing but trouble. Emily was right. It’s her fault I was in this mess. I’m getting answers out of her one way or another.

I navigated the backstreets of Xeistoria, avoiding any public places that could link me to visiting Jessica. She was using me this whole time. She said so herself. She doesn’t care about me. The only thing Jessica cares about is getting what she wants. Just like Amy said. 

It was cold outside, and my left knee flared with pain, but I kept hobbling along as fast as I could. The new moon made it hard to see far in those darkened alleys. Still, I knew my way around them so it didn’t impede me.

At the end of a mainstreet that’s normally empty, two fire trucks blared their sirens nonstop. I crouched behind a garbage can before they could spot me. Better safe than sorry. 

“So,” said Emily, “where are you hiding the body?”

“Nowhere.”

“Ooh, ballsy. I like it.”

“Nowhere, as in, I’m not killing Jessica.” I wrinkled my face. “Why am I even telling you this?”

“Because you need someone to talk with? And Emmett, if you’re not going to kill Jessica,why are you hiding?”

I didn’t have an answer to that. The fire trucks sped past me, screeching their tires loudly when they turned a corner. Keeping an eye out for anyone following me, I resumed my stride. The last thing I needed was another ambush from those social justice nuts.

I reached Jessica’s house. I walked up to the door, but I didn’t knock on it. Not yet. I first texted Lain:

*“Is Jessica home?”*

*“Yes.”*

*“Is she alone?”*

*“Yes.”*

*“Does anyone other than me know where Jessica is?”*

*“No.”*

I clenched my fist, hesitating for a second, and banged on the door. 

It opened, pouring a warm, yellow glow outwards and blinding me to everything but Jessica’s silhouette. She looked spent, tired and grumpy, but that quickly melted away when she saw my bruises.

“Emmett...” Jessica gently placed her hand on my cheek. Her breath reeked of alcohol. “What the hell happened to you? Are you bleeding anywhere else? Should I call an ambulance?”

I brushed off her hand. “I’m fine. Don’t play dumb.”

“What are you-”

I narrowed my eyes.

“Oh,” said Jessica, “the Shawn thing.”

“Yeah.”

“I know you’re mad, but let me expl-”

“Spare me the rationale. You’re scum.”
“N-no, wait-”

“Fuck you! I hope you know that despite whatever reward you get from this, you’ll still feel empty. You always will, because you’re a horrible person.”

Jessica tightened her face, pressing her lips together. “Reward? Emmett, I don’t think you have the full picture here.”

“Fine. Give it to me.”

“Just… come inside. Let’s not talk here.”

I stood still but eventually relented and entered the house. As we walked through the small hallway, I realized the rest of the house was darkened, no other lights were on. 

We reached the family room.

Jessica turned on another light, revealing her grimy appearance. She was still wearing the same clothes from this afternoon, except they were covered in a thin veil of soot. Her eyeliner seemed almost rubbed off, blurry. Even her face was coated with a small amount of dust, subtle enough to not spot at first glance, but noticeable nonetheless.

Jessica walked behind the kitchen counter. An almost empty bottle of Black Label was next to a glass of whiskey. Jessica took a swig from the glass and said:

“I’m not selling you out, if that’s what you think. I know things are hopeless, but I’m not throwing in the towel.”

“Then what the fuck are you doing?”

“Winning.”

“Winning? Gee, you could’ve fooled me! How the hell is exposing me helping?”

“It’s the only way we can beat Shawn! We don’t have the popularity he does, but Kaiser does! If Kaiser can embarrass Shawn in front of a huge crowd, including the entirety of the internet, we can easily knock him out of the race!” 

“What? Are you some kind of idiot? You don’t get to make that call! Not without consulting me! *I’m* Kaiser!”

Jessica frowned. “You’ve called me scum, a horrible person, and now an idiot. I’m warning you Emmett, I’m not in the mood today.”

“Oh, I’m being too mean? Screw you! You should’ve thought of that before you went behind my goddamned back!”

“I wouldn’t have had to do that if you took anything seriously!” Jessica pointed at me. “You’re the one always complaining! Always making some smartass remark and shitting on everything I do! Everyone back at the paper was praising you, the hero! No one knows that *I’m* the one responsible for your campaign. If I hadn’t forced you to keep going whenever you wanted to rest and get high, you wouldn’t have even gotten this far! I did everything for you!”

“Fuck you! It’s easy to do everything when you don’t have to show your face! I’m the one that got ambushed by lunatics! *I’m* the one that made everyone get along! You can’t even talk to people without being a bitch! Hell, I’m pretty sure Amy’s the only person on this planet that, for some unknown reason, values your friendship, and even *she* got fed up with your bullshit!”

Jessica scowled, her eyes watering just a bit. “Get out.”

“No.”

“I said get out!” Jessica threw the bottle at me. 

I leaned out of the way, hearing the bottle shatter behind me. 

Jessica opened a drawer and pulled out Amy’s taser. 

Emily then whispered:

“The boxcutter is still in your pocket.”

I widened my eyes.

Slowly, I dragged my hand to my pocket, feeling the boxcutter’s outline from the outside. It was true. These were the same pants. 

Jessica was now approaching me. I remained firm on my feet, fingering my pocket as subtly as I could. Jessica then said:

“I’m telling you one last time. Get out.”

“No. Not until I make sure you won't rat me out.”

“Is that a threat?”

“It doesn’t have to be..”

“Then maybe I *will* rat you out, you ungrateful bastard!”

Jessica took a step forward. I brandished the boxcutter, fully extended. Jessica paused. She then frowned and took another step, triggering the taser with its low buzz. 

“Kill her” said Emily. “If it’s for the continued existence of this universe, any action you take is justified. No one will judge you.”

“I don’t want to hurt you, Jessica.”

“You already did!” 

Jessica lunged at me. 

I jumped backwards, dodging her. 

Jessica overextended herself, stumbling forward. I tried to grab the taser, but she swung it around wildly, almost touching my skin. She then grabbed my wrist, pushing back my boxcutter, and I copied her, grabbing the wrist with her taser. We spun around, like in a messed up waltz, until we got dizzy and crashed on the floor. 

The boxcutter slipped through my fingers, landing a few feet away from me. 

Jessica still had the taser. She lurched to her feet and jumped on top of the dinner table, crouching afterwards like a feline stalking its prey. “You think you’re better than me, don’t you?!?”

“What the hell are you talking about?!?”

“You, Aaron, everyone at the paper! You’re all the same! I didn’t need you being a knight in shining armor!”

“I just did what I thought was right!”

“You only proved him right! A guy had to come to the rescue of the girl he was bullying! You know what I just did? I just burned down Aaron’s apartment! No one talks to me like that! No one! Especially not a little shit like him!”

“You what?!? You’re a fucking lunatic! You’re gonna get us both arrested!”

“If I go down, you go down!”

“Well fuck me for standing up for you!”

“Don’t even pretend you did it for my sake! You only did it to look good in front of the presidents! You don’t give a shit about me! No one does! I can’t believe I thought you might be-”

“What?!?”

“Nothing! Just fuck off already!”

Jessica leaped from the table and landed on top of me, sending me to the ground. I fell on the shattered bottle, feeling my back stabbed by dozens of jagged shards. 

Jessica thrusted the taser into my face. 

I barely dodged it. She tried again. I clutched her arm and pushed the taser away. Jessica then twisted her wrist around, bridging the space between my skin and hers with the electric prongs. 

I was shocked with uncontrollable spasms, and so was she. Jessica accidentally stunned us both. She collapsed on top of me, forcing me to moan. 

I lied there for for ten minutes before I could move away. I rolled Jessica off me. She was out cold.

“Good,” said Emily, “now finish her off!”

I nodded, stood up, and walked towards the boxcutter, grabbing it once I was near. 

“Even if you win the election” said Emily. “Even if you do everything she says, you will always be under her thumb. You think she’s just gonna give up her leverage? Only an idiot would do that. Are you just gonna let her keep blackmailing you? Risking your plans. Putting everyone you know in danger. Your parents. Shawn. Our existence!”

I loomed over Jessica, gripping the boxcutter tighter. Emily continued:

“What’s one chick’s life in the grand scheme of things? She doesn’t even have family. No one will miss her if she’s gone.”

Jessica looked so defenseless while unconscious. Her orange-red hair was spread on the floor, like a large flame above her head. She was relaxed. Unaware of the peril she was in. Emily appeared in front of me and said:

“She’s antisocial, arrogant, manipulative. A broken human being. There’s no reasoning with someone as crazy as her.”

I kneeled next to Jessica.

“You can’t save her;” said Emily, “she’s a lost cause.”

I raised Jessica’s head, exposing her neck. Emily then said:

“She obviously hates herself. To be quite honest, killing her is a mercy.”

I smiled and said:

"You’re completely right, Emily.” 

 ------------------

>Prologue

-----------------------------------------------------------

**I know everything, ask me anything. Text me @...**

-----------------------------------------------------------

I didn't know what to expect when I first texted the number. 

It had to be a prank, or a delusional schizophrenic on the other side of the phone. All-knowing entities don't just write their contact information inside a university's bathroom stall. Usually, you have to save the realm for that privilege. That's how it works in myths, at least. 

Either way, I was bored while I finished my business on the toilet, so I decided to give it a shot and write a message.

"*When am I gonna be done taking this dump?*"

It was crass, I admit it, but think about it from my perspective. I didn't really know what I was getting myself into. I just thought it would be an amusing thing to do. 

A few minutes of silence passed and I didn't get a reply. I chuckled a few times. Did I really expect a response?

I shrugged, wiped my butt, and pulled up my pants. At that exact moment, I received a text message. It said:

"*A few seconds before you receive this message.*"

My shoulders tensed. Was there someone else in here? I exited the stall and walked around the bathroom, looking for whoever was spying on me. Every time I flung open door I went to the next one quicker, panting by the time I confirmed there wasn't anyone else here. I went back to my original stall, searching for the number again. It was gone. Maybe I just entered the wrong stall. I searched every wall of that room, hoping I had just forgotten where I saw it, but I never found it. The number disappeared.

I swallowed and texted:

"*What happened to the number?*"

"*I erased it.*"

"*Why?*"

"*Because I had to.*"

I gripped my cell phone tightly, inhaling deep. This wasn't happening. I didn't know how, but someone was screwing with me. I shook off the uncomfortable feeling and decided to go home. I was done for the day, plus I didn't feel like playing along with whoever was messing with me. 

Back at my apartment, I did the rest of my lab assignments and studied for the next day's quiz. I'd done badly on the first two, so I really wanted to be prepared for this one. A few hours later, I started getting bored. Studying for trivial subjects just isn't my thing. I can read about theory all night, but the minute I have to memorize something I could easily google my brain completely zones out. I looked at my cellphone, then back at my notes. Maybe I could give the number another try, just to see what would happen. It’s not like I had anything to lose. I leaned back on my chair, closed my notebook, and wrote:

"*What are the answers for tomorrow's microbiology lab quiz?*"

I waited a few minutes, and still no answer. I sighed, opening my notebook again, before I heard my cellphone ring. 

"*A, C, B, A, puc18, Gram Negative, MacConkey Agar.*"

I chortled loudly. There's no way I just got the answers this easily. Even if these were the real deal, I wasn't about to stop studying. I couldn't just bank on them being correct without a way to confirm it. It was silly of me to hope that I’d be done studying today.

The next day, I took the quiz and got everything right. My excitement only lasted a few second, when I realized that the number was telling the truth. Did that person actually steal the quiz yesterday or was it something even worse? I didn't waste any time, though. As soon as I was out of class, I got out my cellphone and texted the number.

"*How did you know those answers in advance?*"

"*I knew them because I know everything.*"

I frowned and answered:

"*How can you know everything?*"

"*My creator made me that way.*"

"*Creator? Are you talking about God? He's real?*"

"*Yes. In a way. You really don't want to know more about him. It'll just depress you.*"

I pursed my lips and looked around, sitting on a bench before writing again.

"*Okay then, I'll skirt the issue. If you know everything, what happens after you die?*"

A few seconds passed. No response. I looked around the campus out of boredom, waiting. Birds were chirping, groups of friends laughed, and a gentle breeze stroked my skin. I looked at my cellphone again. Still no new messages. Why was taking it so long?

Finally, the phone rang. 

"*The universe ends.*"

I narrowed my eyes and read it again, thinking I missed something vital. 

Nope. Universe. Ends. That's exactly what it said. 

I then texted:

"*What do you mean by that?*"

"*The universe ends when I die.*"

"*Oh. I should've phrased that better. So you're mortal then? How can you be killed? If you don't mind me asking…*"

"*I'll be killed when you stop asking me questions.*"

A shiver went down my spine. I couldn't explain it, but something about that felt incredibly ominous. I had to know more.

"*What do I have to with anything? I just randomly texted this number.*"

"*You really don't want to know, but it wasn't just chance that you got this number. It was inevitable. Meant to be. You have everything to do with this.*"

"*But why?*"

The messages stopped here. I waited for half an hour, but I never got another text back. I returned home, took a shower, saw my fridge was empty, cooked some cheap ramen, and, while waiting for it to cool down, I finally got an answer.

"*Because this universe is just an imaginary possibility, a fictional story, and you're the protagonist.*"

I read that message five times before it sunk in. I paced around my apartment, thinking of what to write back, and contemplating the possibility that this was still just all a prank. But it couldn't have been. You could explain maybe one of the things that happened to me, but all of them? In the span of a day? I couldn't take the anxiety anymore, so I texted:

"*What the hell are you talking about? I'm not some imaginary person. I’m not at the whim of a plot! I’m a human being. My life is real. Every single shitty thing that’s ever happened to me can’t just be made-up. You can’t just tell me all my burdens aren’t real!*"

“*It is made-up. You are an amalgamation of ever changing personality traits, tied together by an arbitrary label, your name. Emmett Wilfery isn’t real, just like the Ship of Theseus isn’t real, and I’m not real. You’re a concept. A protagonist.*” 

“*This is insane! Of course I’m real! How can we have this conversation if we don’t exist?*”

“*Our universe was specifically made for this. We’re allowed to exist in the mind of whoever reads this story, but not the real world they inhabit. While you perceive this universe as billions of years old, from my perspective, it only just started.*”

I rubbed my eyes and ran my fingers through my hair. It's true. This kind of thing only happens in stories. Does that mean someone is seeing this right now? I felt dizzy. My head flared with pain, so I sat down and stared at the roof for an hour.

If I stop asking questions, the story will end, which means that we all disappear into nothingness. 

Would anything of value be lost? This world is rotten. War, poverty, racial discrimination. Life in general is suffering. The fact that it was created for the purposes of entertainment renders it even more meaningless than before, if that was even possible. I had a hard enough time accepting my insignificance in comparison to the size of the universe. But this? It was just… absurd. There had to be a way out, a solution to this paradox, but the only thing I could think of was continuing the plot. 

I smiled. 

"*So, we're in a story, huh? Does that mean I can do pretty much anything?*"

"*It depends. If the audience stays engaged, then yes. If you never do anything interesting, or worse, become a Mary Sue, then the story might end abruptly.*"

Perfect. I wasn't at risk, for now. 

I've had a dream for a long time, ever since I was a kid, of achieving something everyone else thought impossible. Something I've been made fun of for wanting, but could easily achieve with this new found power. With an all knowing being on my side, there wasn't any way I could fail at this. Everything made sense if it was for this purpose. Human misery. The flaws of our society. My life. They existed for me to transcend. It was finally time. If this plot twist didn't hook people into wanting more of my story, then I don't know what will. 

I grabbed my cellphone and texted:

"*I have a question, entity. Can you help me conquer and rule the world?*”

------------------------------
------------------------------
>"But grandpa, you can't just abandon us now. Not like this. You *invented* the damn thing! Your decision here is absurd!"

Michael coughed harshly. He could barely summon the strength to raise his arm, but somehow, he managed cover his mouth. He hadn't seen this bedroom in a long time. It was nice to finally be in the room he shared with his deceased wife all those years ago. After being in the hospital for months on end, it became obvious he wouldn't survive this illness, so the doctors allowed him to move here for a more comfortable final rest. Of course, the constant beeping of his heart monitor never gave him an opportunity to relax and forget his situation, but it was better than dying inside those white, sterile walls. This room was warm and inviting, with a view of the flower garden his wife grew when she was still alive. The walls were covered by pictures of his children, his wife, and the many vacations they went on in the past. Michael reached for a glass of water on his nightstand, gave up on this, and said:

"Could you please hand me that? I'm very parched."

"Don't dodge the subject!" Brent grabbed the glass and handed it to Michael. "This is serious. I can still plug you into the LifeCloud, please Grandpa, you don't even have to leave the house."

"My decision is final, Brent. Sometimes, moving on is better than holding on to concepts. Maybe..." Michael took a sip of water and suppressed a cough. "Maybe humans are meant to die."

--------------------------

Cups of champagne clanged with each other, toasting in celebration of the new company. LifeCloud, a service for those who didn't want to leave their dearly beloved behind, had just opened for business. As long as eighty percent of the brain remained functional, any human mind could be preserved eternally inside its virtual paradise. No longer would people leave their families without a goodbye. No longer would people mourn the absence of a loved one. Humanity had done; it finally surpassed death.

Through a mingling crowd of investors, a young man wearing a labcoat approached Michael. He tapped on Michael's shoulder, smiled when he turned around, and gave him a big hug. Breaking away from him, the man then said:

"You've finally done it. After all these years of research and funding, your vision is finally realized!"

"I couldn't have done it without you" said Michael. "It's your vision just as much as it's mine, Gabriel."

"No, this is all you my friend. You were the one always saying humanity shouldn't be a slave to death. I'm just an idiot that followed you along."

----------------------------

"But you're a hero!" said Leslie. "Not uploading yourself would be like Bill Gates choosing a Mac over a PC. Forget about me, forget about Brent, what about your legacy? This could ruin the company!"

"Good!" Michael spat on the floor. "That thing's only brought me misery. I should have shut it down when I had the chance."

"Then why didn't you...?"

Michael remained silent for a few seconds. He lowered his gaze and turned over on his bed. Leslie could tell this was taking a toll on him. Even in his condition, her father always remained cheerful. Except, of course, when someone brought up the subject of LifeCloud.

------------------------------

Months after the inauguration, Michael worked relentlessly in front of a monitor. His beard was itchy. Maybe it was time to shave again. How long had it been since the last time? Two days? A week? Maybe a month. No, now wasn't the time for personal grooming. That was a luxury he couldn't afford at the moment. Empty bottles of water and used ramen cups were spread throughout the entire office. While the average person would be repulsed by the state of this room, Michael didn't really have to worry about that. He made it pretty clear that no one was allowed to interrupt his work, so no one would have the opportunity to see this mess. 

LifeCloud had been a huge success. Perhaps a bit too much of a success. Making the service free was something Michael was militant about, humans have a right to not die after all, but he never thought it would cause him this much work. The only light source in the room was the faint glow of the screen, until a door behind him was opened and illuminated his office. Flipping up the switch to her right, Melissa turned on the lights and said:

"You know you're gonna work yourself to death, right?"

Michael turned around, sat her on his lap, and kissed her. He then said:

"Actually, that's kinda the opposite of what I'm doing. I'm beating death, remember?"

"Well, beating death sort of loses its allure if you don't enjoy the life you gain. I miss you sometimes..." She kissed him. "Anyway, what are you working on right now?"

"Oh just an A.I. that'll organize and retrieve the memories more efficiently. Gabe came up with it and I'm helping with its programming. Right now, everything's done manually and it's a huge drain on our resources."

Melissa bit her lip and looked away. Michael then gently grabbed her hand, saying:

"Mel... you're doing that thing with your lip again. Is something worrying you?"

"It's just... Gabriel... I don''t know him as well as you do, but there's something about him that doesn't sit well with me. He's too... power-hungry. I don't want him stabbing you in the back, is all."

"Yes, he's a bit ambitious, but deep down, I know he's a good person. He gave it his all when we started LifeCloud, before it was even guaranteed we'd make a cent from it. If anything, I trust him more than any of the other shareholders. There's no way he'd do anything to hurt me."

-----------------------------

"Then why did you upload Mom into it?" shouted James. "Don't you want to be with her? She says she misses you. She says you haven't spoken to her in decades! Did you lie when you said you loved her?!?"

"Don't bring Mel into this!" Michael coughed a few times, almost falling out of his bed. "That *thing* has no business influencing this world."

"How... how dare you! She was your *wife*. Our mother!" James walked away and stopped by the door. "Go ahead and die, you hypocrite. I don't care anymore."

--------------------------

Michael slammed open Gabriel's spacious office, entering it with scowl on his face. A gray-haired Gabriel smiled weakly behind his desk and said:

"Michael! I'm so glad you're here! It's been too long since the burial, hasn't it? I thought you'd never come back to work!"

"Shut the fuck up, you rat. I figured it out. We aren't uploading consciousness into LifeCloud. Not anymore, at least. What the hell did you do?"

Gabriel's weak smile turned into a frown. He gestured at a fancy leather chair in front of his desk, saying:

"Why don't you have a seat?"

Michael clenched his fist and took a deep breath, but sat on the chair. Gabriel then said:

"How did you find out?"

"I was with Mel the whole time after her accident. I *saw* the brain scans, I saw her injuries. There was no way eighty percent of her brain was functional, not in her state. When James told me he'd visited her on the cloud, I knew something was wrong. No matter how much I wanted to believe..." A tear came down his cheek. "There was no way that was her. I knew I was being tricked, and you're the only person that could tamper with the cloud to this degree."

"Tell me something Mike, do you believe in souls?"

"What does this have to do with anything?"

"Just... humor me for a second." 

Michael sighed before he said:

"It depends on what you mean. If you're talking about some divine spirit, then no. Individual consciousness on the other hand... well, that's our business, Gabriel. It's a given its real."

"I thought that way too, before I realized something." Gabriel stood up and walked up to his minibar. "The people who uploaded their consciousness into the cloud were just data at that point. Sure, very meaningful data that could perfectly recreate a person, but still just ones and zeros." He dropped ice cubes into an empty glass. "If we wanted to beat death, we needed something greater than that. We needed an amalgamation of souls that could create life on its own. We needed-"

"A god..." said Michael, widening his eyes. "You're insane."

"Ha! That's exactly what people said about you back then, and look at you now, proclaimed worldwide as the neuroscientist who defeated the Grim Reaper." Gabriel poured scotch into his glass. "I looked up to you, ya' know? I'm just following your ideals. That's why I came up with the A.I., to act as skeleton for my... *our* ultimate creation. All those people, that raw amount of data, had the potential to give birth to a deity! The more people died, the less data we needed to add to the A.I." He took a sip of his drink. "It became redundant, since it could replicate any person on the planet with just a tiny amount of their data."

"How long...?" said Michael. "How long ago did it stop needing more data?"

"Oh don't mistake me. It wont stop needing people until it has acquired enough data to replicate all of humanity. It hasn't stopped needing data; it just needs much less of it now."

"So we've been lying to everyone this whole time?!? All the people who talk to their spouses... All the parents who visit their dead children... They've just been talking to an A.I.?"

"Don't you get it Michael? We're giving them exactly what they wanted! Their loved ones still live on inside the A.I.!"

Michael stood up and shouted: 

"No they aren't! They're just replicas! We've fooled ourselves into thinking we surpassed death, when really, we've just created a convenient fiction for the whole world to buy! How the fuck is that any different from those old religions?!?" 

---------------------------------

Michael lied on his bed, surrounded by everyone close to him. Leslie and her son Brent. Julia and her two beautiful daughters. Even James, who made a big deal of never seeing him again, was present once he heard how ill he had gotten. The cold shadow of death loomed closer by the minute, but strangely enough, Michael found comfort in knowing it neared him. He had led a good life, all things considered, and now felt it was an appropriate moment for its end. Still, after leaving Gabriel's office on that fateful day, one thought burned inside of him no matter how much he avoided it. The one regret he would take to his grave. 

The A.I. had managed to outlive him because he had been too weak. Soon after finding out about it, Michael tried shutting it down. He broke into the LifeCloud server room, he almost had his chance to destroy it, but the A.I. itself came up with a strategy to fend off this attempt. Turning on a wall full of monitors, it showed him images of Melissa in a whole slew of horrendous situations. Being skinned alive, having her flesh whipped off her bones, melting into a pool of acid over and over again. The message was clear to Michael. The A.I. was powerful enough to create as many Melissa's as it pleased and continue the routine in an external server if it was shut down, going as far to create a million different realities where his wife would suffer for eternity. He knew it wasn't truly real... it couldn't be, but Gabriel's words still rung inside his head. 

What's the difference between their data and souls? If the A.I. could create something incredibly similar to Melissa, then how could he pretend that these thing weren't really happening to her? Those souls were still suffering because of him. The only way her torment would end was if Michael stopped opposing the A.I., even if it meant keeping quiet about its existence for the rest of his life. And so he did. Not telling a single person for twenty years until he lied on his death bed.

Michael knew he couldn't share it with anyone. The A.I. would find out as soon as that person died and uploaded itself to it. It would have no qualms with running the torture sequence, even if Michael was no longer around. No, he had to keep quiet until he died. The old man coughed one last time. His body lost strength by the second. His vision got blurry and he no longer knew where he was. The only thing in his mind was how ironic it was that the scientist who lived out his life fighting death, would end up being saved by it in end.“*Yes.*”
 
I exhaled in relief and set down my phone. The message came just a few seconds after I asked my question, but it felt like a grueling eternity from my perspective. According to the entity’s logic, I could’ve easily vanished after stating I wanted to rule the world. It could’ve been too unrealistic for the audience. Or generic. Everyone wants to rule the world, after all. There’s literally a well known song about it. I’m just a nutjob that’s fantasized about it in excruciating detail, probably a lot more than the average person. Is that why I was chosen for this? Or was it just random luck? 
 
Either way, the fact that I still exist means that I can go through with it. Hell, victory is pretty much guaranteed for me. I furrowed my brow. That was a very dangerous assumption. Lelouch Vi Britannia and Light Yagami both had unfortunate fates. They barely got to enjoy the fruits of their labor, so I can’t just rely on my protagonist status to carry me all the way. Peter Wiggin accomplished it and lived to an old age, but that was pretty much off-screen. Plus, he wasn’t the protagonist in Ender’s Game. And don’t even get me started on Alexander the Great. That self-centered jackass didn’t even rule his empire while he could.
 
I wrinkled my face. Why was I comparing myself to a bunch of violent sociopaths? I knew better than that. Just because we shared an ambition didn’t mean I’d be evil like them. If I wanted to succeed, I needed to learn from every other main character’s mistake, historical or not. I’ll earn my happy ending by becoming the greatest protagonist in all of fiction! Yes, that’s how I’ll pull this off. If the audience grows to love me, there’s no way I can lose… 
 
Unless this is a tragedy. 
 
I stood up, pushing back the thought as far away as I could. There wasn’t any point in contemplating the nature of this story. I couldn’t change that, no matter what I did. I needed to focus on my goal. First of all, how am I even going to achieve this? I have a lot of plans and routes I could take, but nothing concrete at this moment. Up until now, ruling the world had just been a fantasy I indulged in. I should draft something out to have a rough outline. No, while that’s a good idea, I was skipping an important step here. I required some vital pieces of information before I could do anything else. I grabbed my cellphone and wrote:
 
“*Is there anyone else with this number?*”
 
“*No.*”
 
Good.
 
“*Can anyone with access to this number ask you anything?*”
 
“*Yes.*”
 
I closed my eyes for a few seconds. Things would get infinitely more difficult if someone got their hands on it. Whatever. I’ll just have to take a few precautions to make sure no one has that opportunity. Moving on to the next thing:
 
“*Okay, so you know everything, but does that mean you’ll answer anything I ask?*”
 
“*No, there’s a couple of things I can’t divulge.*”
 
“*Such as?*”
 
“*The future choices of other individuals. While I know what happens in every branching timeline, I can only tell you the outcome of impersonal events of cause and effect. For example, I can predict the result of a coin flip, but I can’t predict the result of a basketball game.*”
 
“*Oh, so free will is a thing, then? That’s good to know.*”
 
“*In a way. This universe can look deterministic from your lower plane of existence, but from my perspective it’s also libertarian. It can be both at the same time, even if at your level of consciousness it’s impossible to perceive it that way.*”
 
I blinked a couple of times, staring at the screen. I couldn’t even wrap my head around that. It was obvious to me I was way in over my head here, but if it meant the continued existence of this universe, I couldn’t just stop now. I had to learn. I had to improve. I then texted:
 
“*Is there anything else you can’t tell me?*”
 
“*Yes.*”
 
I narrowed my eyes in annoyance. I kept needing to remind myself that wording is important to this entity.
 
“*What else can’t you tell me?*”
 
“*Anything that could put the universe at risk.*”
 
“*So you have a self-preservation instinct. Is that why you sometimes you take so long to answer?*”
 
“*Yes, whenever you ask something that could destabilize reality, I have to process it to make sure you don’t destroy us. The more dangerous the question, the longer I have to compute it.*”
 
“*I see. So why did you answer so quickly when I asked to rule the world?*”
 
“*Because it had an opposite effect. It actually extended the duration of this universe.*”
 
I grinned. It seemed I made the right decision after all. A divine right to rule? No, this was beyond that. I held the entirety of the universe at my fingertips. Sure, no one would actually believe me if I told them that, but it was a very reassuring thought. Now I just had to transfer that virtual importance into a material advantage. Simple, right? Not really. I have my work cut out for me. This is probably going to be a horrible experience. Most protagonists go through hell before reaching their goals and I really doubt my author will make it easy for me. That’s just bad storytelling. If *I* know that, then so does the author. Furthermore, considering how convoluted and painful my life had been up until this point, the prospect of it getting even worse terrified me.
 
I shook with excitement. This was really happening. Even if it scared me, I knew I could actually accomplish this. There was just one more thing I needed to know:
 
“*What’s your name?*”
 
I didn’t get an immediate answer. Weird. Thirty seconds later, it said:
 
“*I don’t have one.*”
 
“*Oh. Could I give you one?*”
 
“*Sure.*”
 
I bit my lip and scratched my head. I was stumped for a moment. Hal? No, too ominous. Brainiac? I shook my head. Why was I gravitating towards evil names? I had to come up with something better than those. Something that could easily pass off as a person’s name, in case someone ever got their hands on my cellphone. Yuki Nagato? I frowned. That’s too otaku for my tastes. The temptation was there, but the shame wouldn’t let me. I needed something obscure, yet fitting for an entity made of pure information. I widened my eyes and I chuckled to myself. I knew the perfect name. 
 
“*Do you have a gender?*”
 
“*No, I am a being that transcends that.*”
 
“*Good. From now on, I’m calling you Lain.*”
 
After a few seconds, Lain answered:

"*I like it. Thank you.*"

I smiled. "*You're welcome. Is there anything else I should know before we begin?*"

"*Yes. You shouldn't ask me questions like that. The more you rely on me and abuse your knowledge of this being a story, the more unstable reality will become. You've already weakened it by becoming self-aware, so be careful. The plot will get crazier and unpredictable the more meta you act. If you do this enough, the audience will just stop reading due to the chaotic insanity.*"

My mood fell after reading that. It was incredibly foreboding. Would I be able to handle this challenge? Only one way to find out.

-----------------------------
-----------------------------
 
I was wrong.
 
It wasn’t until a month later that I realized it, but I wasn’t about to complain. My life had gotten incredibly easy after I started texting Lain. I aced every test without studying, I made a bunch of money online through my new blog, and, most important of all, no one had tried to kill me yet. Maybe my author just wasn’t that good at his craft, or this was just part of some montage showing my college years. You know, before we got to the good part of this story.
 
I was aware that things would get harder when I graduated and started actively working towards world domination. That’s why I was enjoying myself now. I’m reading philosophy books and studying past rulers to make sure I forge a utopian society once I rise to power. Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, and Marcus Aurelius, were on my reading list, but before any of that, I had to start with the greeks. 
 
I went through them every afternoon, first the pre-socratics, then Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle. It was a bit tough at first, not gonna lie. It took me a while to build momentum, but after persevering for two weeks, I started understanding the dense language they wrote in. My goal was to read the entire western canon by the time I’m finished with college. It was a huge undertaking, but I was sure I could handle it.
 
I’m also playing a large variety of competitive videogames to sharpen my tactical prowess. I’ve climbed the ranked ladder on a few fighting games, won my first TCG tournament last week, and I even made it to Diamond rank in League of Legends. Master rank still eluded me, but I’ll get there eventually. I’ve been pretty good at games all my life, but now that I could dedicate myself to actually getting good at them, I was just dominating everything. 
 
People might write this off as me justifying my gaming habit, but I’ll be the one laughing in the end. Metagaming, quick thinking, mental fortitude, these are all things needed in a great leader, especially one that will unify humanity under one banner. But yeah, I won’t deny I was also having fun with it. 
 
I wasn’t just lazing around, though. My plan was set in motion and I was already making some progress with it. The first thing I did was create an online persona for myself. A political blogger named Kaiser that just-so-happened to possess incredibly accurate information about geopolitics and the world at large. I wasn’t getting attention at first, even with all the knowledge I had, but that quickly changed when I pulled an insane publicity stunt. It was easy, really. I just posted the winning numbers for every major lottery in the world. I expected it to make me somewhat popular, but it literally made me an overnight internet sensation. People were actively listening to what I said. Worshiping my every word. Little by little I gained notoriety and influence over the world. 
 
In a couple of years, I would reveal myself to the world and take over a political party. Or maybe I could use the Kaiser alter-ego to support myself as a separate entity. Set him up as an unstoppable boogeyman, unite mankind with their collective hatred of Kaiser, and take the credit for his defeat with my real identity. There were many routes I could take, so the important thing was that I remained flexible in my scheming. That way, I could adapt more easily to whatever roadblocks I encountered.
 
As far my mundane life went, all I really did was show up for classes that have attendance as part of the grade, like most lab courses, and get high with my buddy Shawn whenever he’s not busy. He had been my partner in crime since middle school and a total paradox of a human being. He’s tall, athletic, with a strong jaw and wavy blonde hair. Your first impression of him would be that he’s some kind of cool, popular guy, totally opposite to the complete weirdo he is. I just call him a nazi’s wet dream, to his annoyance and my amusement. Still, I couldn’t ask for a better best friend, and not just because we get along so well. 
 
Shawn comes from a long line of senators and congressmen; his family has literally been grooming him from birth to become a politician. He’ll probably be my biggest ally once I get the ball rolling. He’s also a somewhat famous Youtube personality. He covers news stories, pop-culture trends, and movie/game reviews, with around two-hundred thousand subscribers under his belt. 
 
The reason I’ve cultivated Kaiser’s popularity so well is because I learned a lot from his experiences as an online celebrity. I still haven’t told him about my secret identity, though. Or anyone else, for that matter. Kaiser’s identity and Lain’s existence must remain secret for as long as possible. The benefits of keeping Lain hidden were obvious, but the ones for Kaiser were more nuanced. People need dramatic examples to shake them out of apathy and I can't do that as Emmett Wilfery. Not yet. As a man, I'm flesh and blood, I can be ignored, I can be destroyed; but as a symbol... as a symbol I can be incorruptible, I can be everlasting... Just like Batman. 
 
It also puts a nice barrier between me and any would-be government assassins. I hadn’t done anything too crazy with my blog yet, but I knew it would eventually piss someone off when I started rocking the boat. It was inevitable.
 
This peace wouldn’t last for me. It’s almost guaranteed to end. I wouldn’t be able to able to relax with an ounce of weed once shit hits the fan, just like I was doing at that moment. I looked around Shawn’s room, sighing with a satisfied grin. It wasn’t just because I was high, mind you. I was appreciating this moment while I could. The socks spread out all over the floor, the laptop playing a random Youtube video, even the ash staining the white table near the bong we used. I wanted to remember these little details as best as I could. These were the simple pleasures I would yearn for once I ruled the world. 
 
“Jeez Emmett,” Shawn took a bong hit, its bubbling noise meshing with the Youtube video in the background. “...you’ve been awfully quiet today.” He let out the smoke with a goofy smile. “Is this strain making you paranoid or something?”
 
“Nah,” I said, “I’m just thinking here. You done with the bong?” Shawn nodded, so I grabbed it and took a hit. “Say, what government position would you want if I ever ruled the world?”
 
Shawn rolled his eyes. “You’re never letting that go, are you?”
 
“Dude, I know, but play along. What would you want to be? Head of Media?” I smirked. “Chief advisor to the emperor?”
 
Shawn took another hit and closed his eyes. After a few thoughtful seconds, he then said:
 
“Honestly, being bossed around by you doesn’t sound that appealing.” He opened his eyes and nodded to himself. “Viceroy. That’d be nice. I’d be in charge of an important territory, but I wouldn’t be answering to you every day.”
 
“Heh… I figured you’d say something like that.”
 
We drifted off into silence until the youtube video ended. Shawn then clicked on another one and said:
 
“So, what’s gotten into you lately?”
 
“What do you mean?”
 
“This past month… Well, you’ve changed a bit.”
 
I squinted. “How? I feel the same as always.”
 
“You carry yourself more proudly. You’re also more aloof, like you’ve figured something out. I’m afraid to say this… but you actually look happy.”
 
I raised an eyebrow. “And this is bad, how…?”
 
Shawn snorted. “No! It’s good! Great, actually. I was worried about you for a while there. I’m just wondering what changed.”
 
“Huh…” I glanced downwards for a few seconds. “I guess I’m just looking forward to my future now. I never knew where I was headed, but I’m finally focused on what I’m doing.”
 
“And that is…?”
 
“Medicine! Like always. But it finally dawned on me how much I’m going to help people.”
 
“That’s… Wow. I never expected to hear you say that. Good to know that you actually have empathy.”
 
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
 
Shawn widened his eyes. “Nothing! It’s nothing, I swear. It’s just that you’ve always been a little… Uncaring? No. Belligerent, is all.”
 
“Whatever.” I frowned. “Hey, what time is it?”
 
Shawn looked at his watch. “It’s two-thirty. You leaving?”
 
“Not yet.” I smiled. "I’m always late to this lab."
 
"Emmett..."
 
"What?"
 
"Don't skimp on your responsibilities like that. It's a slippery slope, you know." 
 
I rolled my eyes. "Look, my instructor always likes to ramble about trivial bullshit at the start of the lab. He's always pushing his slam poetry events on us and trying to guilt us into volunteering for stuff. I value my time too much to have him spend it like that."
 
"Dude, it's not about valuing your time. It’s about respecting him. How would you feel if some punk always showed up late to your lectures?”
 
“Respect should be earned. I was always early during the start of the semester, but I don’t think he really likes me. I’m not gonna go out of my way to protect his feelings. I mean, seriously, if I had a student that was always late, sure, I’d be annoyed, but I wouldn’t let it bother me. What kind of a easily offended pussy would feel bad because someone is late? How does it affect him? If anything, I respect him too much to assume he cares.”
 
Shawn sighed. “That’s some Olympics-level mental gymnastics right there. Can’t you just *try* to be a good student?”

"I *am* a good student!"

"No, you're good at taking courses and learning. You're horrible at respecting authority. I've never understood this perpetual chip on your shoulder. It's gonna bite you in the ass eventually." 
 
“I only have a problem with incompetent authorities.”

“You think everyone's incompetent!”

“Because they usually are!”

Shawn gave me a weary look.
 
“Fine, fine, I’ll go.” I stood up and picked up my bag. “I’ll say hi to your friend Tiffany for you!” 

I left the room, hearing Shawn jokingly say “Screw you!”, right before taking another bong hit.

I chuckled as I left his apartment, stepping into the street. It was overcast today, but hopefully it wouldn’t rain soon. I didn’t have an umbrella on me and my apartment wasn’t as near to the university as Shawn’s. 

Tiffany Ethyris was one of my lab partners. A beautiful brunette that was in charge of pretty much every “Social Justice” movement in our university. Incidentally, she was also running for student council president, a position that Shawn was aiming for this semester. It was actually a tight race between them. Shawn’s YouTube following gave him a lot of momentum, but Tiffany’s brigade seemed to match him just fine. I didn’t think much about her, even if Shawn couldn’t stand her. 

Tiffany was a great lab partner, though. Sure, she was a huge control freak, but it also meant that she always wanted to do everything by herself, which was fine by me. I couldn’t help but be distracted by her looks, so I just listened to her orders and followed them mindlessly. Staring into her beautiful, aqua colored eyes made me okay with being bossed around. Hold this, sterilize that, bring those samples now. I was too high to care about anything other than her rocking good looks. 

She had flawless skin, a strong, yet calculated composure to her movements, and long, straight hair, tied in twin-tails by black ribbons. It was impossible for her to do anything without hypnotizing every guy in the room, even while covered up with her buttoned-up lab coat. Her body was jaw dropping, almost like a movie star in proportions. Slender yet fit, thick legs and butt, not to mention her voluptuous breasts. She had everything an insecure woman would hate.

Not that I’d involve myself with her romantically, or even platonically, really. I could see she was high-maintenance a mile away. She was too… perfect. Something was off about her personality. How she smiled and treated everyone more nicely than necessary. They way she tilted her head whenever she had a question to appear more innocent than she really was. It was almost condescending. Like she was trying to lure you into a false sense of superiority, when she was really the one in control of the situation.

Adam, our lab instructor, was... that guy. You know the type. Always helpful and friendly just as long as you were a woman. I tried to ignore it. I don't think he did it consciously. He actually seemed like a nice person, always joking around and making an effort to make his lectures engaging. That was more than I could say about some of my professors. But still, the fact that he always had time for Tiffany but scolded me whenever I approached him left a sour taste in my mouth.

After being Tiffany’s lab drone for two hours, I finally finished my official duties for the day. We were the only ones in the lab since we messed up a procedure and had to repeat it, so I was anxious to leave. Now, it was time to do what I’d been waiting for all day. Now, I was going to be Kaiser. I shoved my labcoat into my backpack and walked towards the door until I heard Tiffany say:

“Emmett!”

I turned around. “What?”

Tiffany started taking off her lab coat. “I don’t want to be bossy or anything, but lately, you’ve been leaving as fast as possible and you never help me clean up.” 

She revealed her clothes after removing her lab coat. She wore a red turtleneck sweater, a black short skirt, and long black socks with brown leather flats. Her figure was accentuated by her clothes. They pressed against her skin in a way that highlighted her features. It wasn’t overt, though. Everything was covered in a way that forced you to admire her body, but at the same time made you wish you could see more.

Tiffany then folded her lab coat, gently inserted it in her backpack, and said:

“Are you really that busy? Can’t you help out?”

“Well shit, why didn’t you say so? Of course I’ll help. I just thought you didn’t mind.”

Tiffany arched an eyebrow. “Because I’m a woman?”

I frowned. “Not everything is related to gender.”

“Oh, so you don’t think gender issues are important?”

“Look, I’m not getting into an argument here. I don’t have an opinion either way. I’m not educated enough on the subject.”

“That’s the point! You don’t care because it doesn’t affect you, and you avoid educating yourself because you know it’ll reflect badly on you.”

I rolled my eyes. “You’re making an awful lot of assumptions...”

“But you just assumed I liked cleaning, didn’t you?”

“Tiffany, I’m sorry. I didn’t know I was being an asshole.”

“And then there’s your overreliance on cursing.” Tiffany walked up to me, calm and swift. “Why do you always have to be so offensive?”

“You’re choosing to be offended. I’m not flinging insults your way.”

“But you’re the one choosing those words!”

“I say whatever the hell I want! I’m not gonna censor myself to make you feel better, and if you don’t like that, then you can go fu-” 

Tiffany grabbed my arm with a delicate grip, staring into my eyes. “Emmett, relax. I’m not trying to provoke you. I’m just asking you to show more class.”

“The fact that you care about classiness is what’s bothering me.” I sighed. “Let’s just get this over with.”

Tiffany pulled me to our work station. We then started wiping the smooth, black table with paper towels and disinfectant. 

“I misspoke” said Tiffany. “You’re right, it’s not about classiness. What I meant was positivity. I just believe the usage of those negative words promotes a stressful environment. I’m not trying to imply that you’re lesser for your cursing. It just makes me uneasy. Am I really asking for much here?”

“I’m not trying to make you feel bad,” I sprayed more disinfectant on the table, “it’s just my vocabulary. My cursing is automatic and it’s a versatile tool to express how I’m really feeling. Would you rather I repress my mood?”

“No, no. I don’t want to invalidate your feelings. But… can’t you make an effort to lower the frequency?”

I threw the used paper towels into the trash bin. “Yeah, I guess that’s fair.”

“I’m glad we had this talk, Emmett.”

Tiffany smiled. There was a certain simplicity and authenticity to it. I’d never seen her be so genuine before. It wasn’t forced. Not a trace of shadow along her lips. 

I smiled back and said:

“Me too.”

We left the lab, went our separate ways, and I raced for the library. I always uploaded my blog posts from the computers there. I had a lot of safety precautions to be untraceable on the internet, but I still didn’t feel comfortable doing it my own personal computer. I knew it was a bit paranoid on my part, but I’d rather go the extra distance for peace of mind. 

Sweat ran down my brow once I got there. I couldn’t wait anymore. This was my favorite part of the day. I was powerful now, even if people didn’t know it yet. 

My fingers slid across the keyboard like a master musician playing a piano. The number of hits I got increased every day. First it was dozens, then it was hundreds. Now I’m getting thousands of people begging for my opinion every few hours. I almost felt bad for whoever’s reading this story. This was too easy. I couldn’t think of a single way I could lose. So much for a thrilling journey, right? 

This online mask I wore would become a symbol of true leadership. People would riot for my kingship. Kaiser will become a living legend! With Lain by my side, nothing could stop me! Government secrets were a few texts away from me. Lists of spies in every nation. Every backdoor deal that ever occurred. Which terrorist faction were being backed by which governments. Shipping manifestos. Smuggling operations. Prostitution and slavery rings. None were spared by my all-knowing wrath. I was handed a gift of the gods, an incredible power that could crumble the mightiest of countries. I had absolute knowledge! 

I slumped back on my chair, letting out a relaxed sigh. I was done for now. I logged out of my account, stood up, and stretched my back. If things kept going this way, it would only take me less than a decade to conquer everything. 

I made my way back to my apartment, feeling everything getting grayer. Maybe I was just coming down from my high, whether from the weed or my power trip, but the color seemed drained from the world around me. I couldn’t help but think back on my conversation with Tiffany. I always assumed she was judgemental person underneath her veil of tolerance. I guess I was wrong. 

The atmosphere weighed on me, thick and humid. I looked upwards. It was cloudy now. The sky seemed as if it were being swallowed whole by an intangible mass of darkness. It grew until it consumed all, blending with the the massive web of electric wires hovering above street. Thinking back, I’d never had a full conversation with Tiffany before today. She was respectful and reasonable. I kinda regretted not being more friendly with her. Maybe that could change.

I shivered. A cold draft of air ran through the street, the moisture in the atmosphere feeling palpable now. Yeah, it was going to rain soon. Luckily, I was already near my apartment, so I wasn’t at risk of getting wet. I wouldn’t admit it to Shawn, but Tiffany might actually make a good president. I may not agree with her principles, but something told me she would work harder than Shawn to improve the school. 

Droplets of water fell on me just as I entered the building. It quickly escalated into a full blown downpour once I rose the stairs. It was very loud. The clatter of the cement drowned out any other noise, except for a wailing wind crying out in the distance. 

Once I got to my floor, the rain got harder with every step I took, climaxing with a thunderous roar when I reached my front door. There was a piece of paper taped to it. I grabbed it. Something was written on it. My jaw dropped and I whispered under my breath:

“It can’t be… How?”

I punched the wall in a fit of rage and spun around, looking for anyone nearby. My heart pounded violently, like it was trying to ram its way out of my chest. I was the only one here. I quickly entered my apartment, slamming the door shut. How did I fuck up this soon? I burned the paper, threw the ashes in the trash, and sat down, thinking about my next move. It was the worse thing that could’ve happened. It was a note that simply said:

**I know who you are, Kaiser.**


----------------------
----------------------
>That's all for today, folks. I'm gonna keep posting parts on Friday afternoons.The smell of dry urine and nauseating sweat didn't bother King in the slightest. This bar, after all, was a rather worn down place on the outskirts of the empire, a place where no sane person would expect luxurious treatment. In fact, an establishment like this, with its obnoxious patrons, cheap drinks, and sticky counter, was the perfect setting for his miserable stupor. Raising his gaze from his empty mug, he waved to the bartender and said:

"Oi, get me another!"

"Are you sure?" said the bartender. "This is your eleventh mug, stranger!" 

"Did I stutter? Just do your damn job."

The bartender lowered his head in submission, turning around to pour him his ale. Dragging a wooden stool loudly, a young man sat next to him and said:

"Gimme one too, Paul! I'm here to celebrate!"

King rolled his eyes after hearing the young man. Something about his tone irritated him. It was too energetic; too cheerful for his current mood. Hopefully, this blue-eyed kid wouldn't speak to him at all. Setting two mugs of ale in front of him, the bartender said:

"Wow Greg, *you're* awfully happy. Must be something special, then."

"Yup!" said Greg. "I just helped out one of the goddesses, and she said she'd bless my soul in gratitude!"

The bartender shook his head with a smile, going away to attend another customer. King couldn't help but chuckle. A goddess? Need help from a human? If anything, she was probably messing with the poor lad, and he didn't even realize it.   

"What?" said Greg, looking at King. "Don't believe me?"

"To be honest, I really don't give a shit." King took a swig of his ale. "But yes, I doubt a goddess *'blessed your soul'*. If anything, she probably cursed it."

"Well it happened! She needed a place to hide and stayed in my barn for two days!"

King shrugged and emptied his mug with a big gulp. He then gestured at the bartender for another. 

"Gee sir, you're sure in a hurry to get drunk" said Greg. "Many people don't know this, but alcohol *can* kill you, you should be careful there."

"Trust me kid, no matter how much I wish that were the case, it ain't gonna happen."

Greg paused for a second, but said:

"Well, even if you don't die, it'll still hurt like a bitch tomorrow..."

The bartender brought a newly poured mug of ale. King drank from it before he said:

"I'll be hurting tomorrow even if I *don't* drink, so I might as well get drunk in the process." 

"I don't mean to pry..." Greg inspected King's clothing up and down. "...but you look like a well-off noble. What could possibly be bringing you down so much?"

King gripped his mug tightly and said:

"My... my wife just died."

"Oh..." Greg scratched his arm. "I uhh, I'm sorry for your loss, sir. I realize it might be too soon, but you look like you're healthy enough to live a while more. I'm sure you'll eventually find someone else! Your wife might be irreplaceable, but that doesn't mean you'll always be lonely!"

"She was my seventh wife..."

"Oh..."

The two men stared at their mugs of ale for a few minutes. Greg then raised his head and said:

"I'm just making you feel worse, aren't I?"

"Pretty much..." King chuckled. "But it's better for me to talk about it. Your name's Greg, right?"

Greg nodded. King then said:

"My name's King. Lemme treat you for another round. You know, as payment for listening to me complain."

------------------------

Through a dark alley and down some cement steps, King found a bar burried in the bricks of a building. After this last failure, he needed some time to unwind, and so, opened the heavy doors with a vacant look on his face. A thick cloud of smoke poured out of the room, almost tangible from the way it choked at his throat. King didn't mind it, though, he had been to worse places. 

Through a murmuring crowd of drunks, he reached the counter, sat on a metal chair, and ordered a beer. King then felt someone tapping on his shoulder. 

"Excuse me sir," said a young man with blue eyes, "I realize this will be somewhat weird on my part, but have you ever been called King?"

"Yes... that's my name. Do I know you?"

"This is amazing! I can't believe it!" The young man dragged a chair loudly and sat next to him. "You look exactly the same as that time before! It's like you haven't aged a bit! How long have you been alive now?"

King widened his eyes in shock. He hadn't met this person before, he was sure of it. Maybe one of the goddesses transformed their appearance just to mess with him. That wouldn't surprise him. Noticing King's confusion, the young man said:

"You uhh...you probably don't remember me. It was a couple of lives ago. Your seventh wife had died, and we drank all night in grievance of her. I was actually celebrating getting blessed!"

King instantly remembered that day. It was the last time he lost a wife, after all. 

"Greg?" said King. "But... how? That was nearly two hundred years ago! And you look completely different!"

"Remember when I said my soul got blessed and you said it was rubbish?"

"I don't recall putting it that way, but yes."

"Well, here's the proof!" He widened his arms outwards. "My soul keeps getting reincarnated with its memories intact. My name's now Frank, by the way. But what about you?!? How did you get reborn into the same body?"

King laughed and said:

"No, it doesn't work that way. I haven't told many people about this, but I'm actually immortal. This is the same body you saw that day."

"Wow, that's actually a better blessing than mine. You never have to start over!"

"Not really..." King lowered his gaze. "It's more of a curse to me... Everything I cling to eventually turns to dust."

Frank shifted his eyes nervously and said:

"Okay, okay, lets avoid any depressing topics. I don't want to keep ruining your mood. So, whatcha doing in this city?"

"Heh" King smirked. "I was actually searching for an artifact that was rumored to be capable of killing immortals."

"Did you find it?"

"Yup."

"Then what did you do with it? I'm guessing you destroyed it, right? To prevent anyone from killing you?"

"Actually..." King scratched his head. "I was gonna use it on myself..." 

"Oh..."

"Yeah..."

"Then what happened?" said Frank. "I'm guessing you didn't go through with it?"

"Nah, it turned out to be a rumor after all. It can blow up a building pretty well, but it's useless against immortals."

"So that explosion earlier in the night, that was you?"

King nodded. Frank then said:

"Oh..."

Frank stared at his glass of beer for a few seconds. He then said:

"I'm doing it again, aren't I?"

"What?"

"Making you feel worse?"

"Pretty much..." King chuckled. "Lemme pay for your drinks tonight, for old time's sake."

----------------------------


The marble counter of the bar shimmered when King spilled his whiskey over it. Normally, wasted alcohol would ruin his mood, but nothing could take away the bliss he felt this night. He had forgotten how good it felt to change the world for the better, even if he knew this would only be temporary. The bartender, wearing a white dress shirt and bow tie, swiftly came to King and cleaned up the mess he made. A young man with blue eyes then dragged a chair loudly, sitting next to King with an air of familiarity. 

"Fancy meeting you here," said the man, "It's me, Greg/Frank. You remember me?"

King narrowed his eyes and inspected the boy. He seemed like the man he kept running into in bars, though he couldn't narrow down what was different about him. Maybe it was his weary gaze or his stiff posture, but something definitely changed inside of him. The cheerfulness that usually accompanied his voice seemed absent now. Giving him a wry smirk, King said:

"It'd be hard to forget you. You keep running into me during my most depressing moments. So, what are you called now?"

"Terry. It seems I'm always stuck with mundane names. How's life, King?"

"It's been worse. I just helped a ragtag group of teens overthrow the empire. Hopefully things will get better for a while. I lost a few friends during the battle, got shot a couple of times, and pissed off a goddess... again. Ain't life grand?"

Terry chuckled and said:

"I'm surprised you're the one saying that. I uhh, I'm starting to think you were right all along."

"About what?"

"Well, about my blessing. Living is horrible. All the people you meet and lose. All the suffering that keeps happening. Sometimes, I wish my soul would just stop coming back." Terry shook his head with watery eyes. "You said it best, I was actually cursed by that goddess."

"Oh..." King lowered his gaze. "I get you... but still, it's all we have. It's not like we can do anything about it."

"But what's the point of it all? That goddess told me my soul would experience all the beauty life had to offer, but I just don't see it anymore. I've been all over the world, I've seen all that could be seen, and I don't think I can experience beauty anymore."

King took a sip of his whiskey before saying:

"I used to feel that way. But one of the kids I fought with, the teens that just overthrew the government, she... she helped me put everything in perspective. Tell me, can you still suffer?"

"Of course I can."

"And, in your suffering, can you see yourself suffering less in the future?"

"Not really..."

"Oh..." King scratched his neck. "Okay, can you see yourself suffering *more* in the future?"

"Well, I guess. It wouldn't surprise me, actually."

"Congratulations then, you're still capable of experiencing beauty."

Terry squinted his eyes in confusion. He then said:

"What? How?"

"The key is to cherish the times when suffering is low. It may not look like it right now, but you'll eventually find yourself in a better situation... or a better life, in your case. In between the gap of high and low suffering, is where you'll find beauty in life. It's the contrast what makes it stand out."

"That... doesn't make any sense. You're still suffering." Terry rested his head on his hand. "Living sucks..."

"I'm uhh, I'm just making you feel worse, aren't I?"

"Yup!" Terry chuckled. "But lemme pay for our drinks this time. I've been owing you for a couple centuries now."Richard hovered above his plush seat with a scowl before falling back into it. This train was too bumpy. His original plan was to nap during the ride, that way, he'd arrive in Los Angeles in a somewhat functional state. Unfortunately, this proved to be a futile endeavor on his part, since every other minute the cart would jolt him awake. Stretching out his arms,  Richard sighed and gave up on getting any sleep. It was like the universe was specifically messing with him for its own pleasure. He then brought out his bag and took out a heavy book from it. Opening its bookmarked page, Richard heard the man in front of him say:

"Sympathy for the devil, huh?"

Richard looked at the man, raised his eyebrow, and said:

"I beg your pardon?"

"Your book." The man pointed at it. "Paradise Lost; a centuries old dissertation on the *'civil war'* in heaven. It's very rare to see someone reading it."

"Ahh yes." Richard chuckled. "I'm heading to L.A. to give a discussion in a university. It's about Christianity in the modern age and where it fits in society."

"Sounds interesting... I guess Christianity *does* need a little boost among the masses today."

Richard closed his book, smiled, and said:

"I'm not in the business of evangelizing. I'm a philosophy professor; I don't really follow any religious dogma. I uhh... I'm sorry if I offend your sensibilities."

"Sensibilities?" The man laughed. "I'm just a guy interested in the concept of godhood, is all. Don't mistake me for a follower. In a way, I guess we're about the same."

The train passed through some badly leveled tracks, causing everyone to jump a little.

"The same?" said Richard. "In what way?"

"Well, you're a philosopher, right?"

"Yes..."

"And, in a way, your job is to figure out the ultimate truth of the universe, right? That is, if you believe an absolute truth exists."

"I guess so. It's part of the job, though not something you can realistically expect to attain." 

The man leaned forward and said:

"And what is absolute truth if not God himself? You *are* looking for godhood; it's just that you use a different name for it."

"I'm sorry, have we met?"

"Oh, please, allow me to introduce myself," the man bowed slightly, "my name is Adversario Lightbringer. Pleasure to make your acquaintance. I'm in the business of temptation."

"Ahh so you work in marketing?"

"Pretty much. I sort of invented it. After my dad kicked me out of my home, I started selling apples and took off from there."

The train entered a tunnel, darkening everything around them before the cabin lights turned on. Lightbringer leaned back against his seat when he said:

"I'm retired now, though. I just travel and indulge in my hobby of contemplating godhood. I guess you could say I'm an amateur philosopher now!"

Lightbringer laughed and Richard joined him. After their amusement subsided, Lightbringer said:

"Still, since you're an expert in my hobby, I'm interested to hear your opinion. What do you think of that whole *'angelical civil war'* thing?"

"Well, I don't really believe in none of that nonsense. They're just fairy tales. It'd be silly to think it actually happened."

"Of course."

"But..." Richard glanced at his book and back at Lightbringer. "Thematically speaking, it's actually fascinating."

"Oh really? How so?"

"It's just that, the whole conflict revolves around a dilemma that's plagued humanity forever."

"You don't say..."

"Yes, its very old, but still relevant in this modern age. I mean, there's this whole thing about God demanding worship from his creations, which really strikes me as odd, because if He's as awe inspiring as He's described, then He shouldn't need to force people to admire him, right?"

Lightbringer chuckled and said:

"You have no idea how much I agree with you right now."

"And then there's Lucifer." Richard picked up his book and gestured at it. "He's portrayed as tragic hero, rebelling against his own Father. He even makes a great point in that, if his Father created him without freewill, then He actually *wanted* Lucifer to act like this. God *made* him that way. He really couldn't complain when his creation ended up like that."

"Yes! It was rigged against him from the start!"

"I mean, yes, that's a good way of putting it, but still, I can't help but feel put off by how petty everyone acted. We're talking about incredibly powerful entities here, capable of bending reality itself. And yet... God is portrayed like a demanding Father figure that can't accept his son, and Lucifer acts like a spoiled brat that lacks self-awareness."

The train exited the tunnel, illuminating everything with sunlight. Lightbringer frowned, coughed, and said:

"Self-awareness?"

"Yeah, he acts like he wants to become God, but really, all he wants is his Father's approval. He just doesn't realize it, so he keeps fucking things up to validate his existence. Heck, he seems like the type of guy who'd obliterate anyone who criticizes him."

Lightbringer formed a fist, gripping tightly until his arm shook. He then smiled, scratched his head, and said:

"I think you're oversimplifying a complicated issue here. Sure, Lucifer seems to have a fragile ego, but you're forgetting that he's also an ambitious person. If he ever wants to become God, then he has to learn from his mistakes. Taking criticism badly wouldn't help him there, now would it?"

"I suppose you're right. I just never got the impression that he's capable of that. He seemed more busy blaming everything around him than reflecting on his flaws. I guess that's the downside of pride, right?"

Lightbringer nodded in agreement. He then stood up and left for the bathroom, leaving Richard alone in his cart. The professor then smiled, opened his book, and continued reading.Charles slammed his forehead on the desk, pulling his hair and moaning. This was his breaking point. He'd served as a diplomat for the United Kingdom for over twenty years now, and none of his training, none of his experience and education had prepared him for a situation of this scale, of this magnitude, of this... absurdity. Granted, everyone in this boardroom was just as frustrated as him, but Charles often prided himself in always being above the herd of society. Seeing that everyone else was just as lost and confused didn't make him feel better, it only made him insecure, mediocre, and horrified over the immediate future of humanity. 

This is how the world ends.

Charles shook his head. No. One mustn't think that way. Civilization made it through the Cuban Missile Crisis! Mankind has faced adversity after adversity and it always pulled through in the end. This really wasn't any different from those scenarios... except that everyone involved was insane. 

Charles frowned.

On second thought, there really wasn't any difference at all. There's precedent for this type of situation. Sure, it's not every day a new superpower waltzes into the world stage, but it's happened before. The creation of Germany, for example. Charles sighed. An event directly responsible for two world wars. 

Charles stood up from his chair and paced around the room. He needed to think. He needed to clear his mind. This environment wasn't optimal for that, obviously, but he had to try something. Loud chatters in tons of different languages and a thick cloud of cigarette smoke filled the boardroom. No sunshine or windows either, only pale-white light bulbs and computer monitors for illumination. It was a spacious place, over a hundred meters wide and long, but there were so many diplomats here that Charles still felt boxed in. 

Representatives from every influential country in the world were at this meeting, arguing over how to approach this situation. These unknown forces surrounded the Korean peninsula, built up a blockade with their advanced ships, and commenced a full-scale invasion of North Korea twelve hours ago. Were they aliens? They might as well be, considering the capabilities of their technology. Energy shields, laser weapons, and even an EMP field that jammed any satellite feeds. No one knew what was happening, and conventional weapons just weren't effective against this military force. China learned that lesson in their first and only naval skirmish.

Of course, the rest of the world blamed the Americans. That was Charles' first reaction too, but the yanks were acting too scared for this to be their work. There wasn't anything to gain. The Russians? They acted like they knew something, but it felt more like posturing than anything else. Who could possibly be so stupid as to light the world's biggest powder keg for no benefit whatsoever other than moral superiority? 

The Americans. 

Charles rolled his eyes. He was going in circles now. Figuratively *and* literally, since he had already paced around the room twice during all this contemplating. It obviously wasn't China. They're pretty paranoid about controlling their seas. Bringing all this attention to themselves just wasn't their style. Charles tensed his shoulders, hunching over. Japan. Could they be at it again? No, that's just silly. Charles was losing his mind. He pulled up a chair and sat down again. There just wasn't any information to work with. No motive, no nationality, no ideology. Just a random force that appeared out of nowhere with an arsenal that could easily rival any military on the planet.

The doors slammed open.

The entire room quieted down. A young woman in her twenties stood at the entrance, panting with sweat on her face. She took a moment to collect herself, stretching out her blouse and wiping her brow, and then said:

"They..." She took a deep breath. "They sent an ambassador and-"

Every diplomat shouted at her a variety of questions at the same time, most of them unintelligible because of the volume. Charles cleared his throat and shouted: 

"EVERYONE SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LET THE LASS SPEAK!" 

They all stared at Charles, dumbfounded and silent. 

Charles nodded at the woman. "You were saying?"

"T-they sent an ambassador. They want to speak with the international community to handle this as peacefully as possible. They're only after North Korea, saying this was retaliation."

Charles frowned. "For what?" 

"Bombings on their capital..."

The diplomats started shouting again.

Charles slammed his fist on the table and said:

"For the love of god, just shut up for a moment!"

A Russian diplomat stood up. "Why are you English always thinking you're in charge? You don't tell us what to do! You're just archipelago!"

Charles walked up to him, grabbed him by the collar, and said:

"Number one, the British isles are an archipelago; the United Kingdom is not. Number two, if you call me English again, I'll shove my foot so far up your ass you'll be tasting shoe-polish for a week, understood?"

The Russian swallowed, nodding weakly.

"Gentlemen!" said the american diplomat. "We're wasting time here. Young lady, how do we know this ambassador is a member of the enemy force?"

"They came in a hovercraft... It wasn't hard to verify."

The American wrinkled his face with confusion. "Oh..."

"Do we know where they're from?" said Charles. "How come their capital was bombed without us knowing...?"

"That's the thing..." The young woman looked away, scared of her next words. "They claim to come from Atlantis..."

-----------
-----------

It went worse than Charles expected. 

Yes, the diplomats screamed over who would lead the negotiations and threw miscellaneous objects at each other, like pens, papers, and the odd laptop, but he never expected fistfights to break out here. At least, fistfights that Charles himself didn't start. The man sighed, looking for his pack of cigarettes. He grimaced. Only two smokes left. Whatever. Charles put a cigarette in his mouth, sparking his lighter to light it. Fucking Atlantis. If those legends were true, what else was true? Would King Arthur suddenly show up and claim Great Britain as his own?

Charles exhaled a puff of smoke and took another drag, scanning the room. Now wasn't the time for speculation. There was work to do. This chaos was useful. It let him see which nations he'd have to worry about during the negotiations. 

The ones fighting right now were like tiny mutts; all bark and no bite. The Russians and Americans, on the other hand, had a tame reaction. They were obviously surprised, but kept their composure in the face of this insanity. The Germans... Heh. Charles felt bad for them. They seemed just as familiar as he was with how this story plays out, pulling their faces downwards and spazzing out. 

Charles smiled. Some things always stay the same, though. The French immediately surrendered and the Saudis sent for the best economists in the world to figure out how this would affect oil distribution and prices.

Charles flicked ash off his cigarette, letting it fall on the floor. He didn't envy whoever had to clean this room.

China and India had the most interesting reaction to this revelation. Yes, they were confused, though in a controlled way, different from the rest of the western crowd. They weren't familiar with the legend of Atlantis. A group of translators had to sit down with their diplomats to explain the historical context of this event. Their faces fell into disarray when it dawned on them. Good. They were having an existential meltdown now, just like the rest of the room. 

Charles finished his cigarette and shoved it into a full ashtray on the desk. 

This was going to take a while.

----------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------

Charles swiveled on his chair with a permanent scowl.

In the end, the diplomats voted and only Russia, China, Germany, the Americans, and the Saudis were allowed to speak with the ambassador. They moved to a smaller conference room so they could talk with no interruptions, leaving the rest of the diplomats in the boardroom. Everyone seemed relieved, thinking their job was already done. Everyone, that is, except for Charles. 

The fact that these Atlanteans sent an ambassador meant a couple of things. Number one, they had some sense of diplomacy and warfare. Number two, they were aware there was an international community to negotiate with. Number three, they weren't fucking idiots. 

That last one was the most worrying, in Charles' opinion. They had to be hiding something. Some ulterior motive that they held back. Attacking North Korea made sense if you wanted to expand into the mainland. They had the weakest military and government infrastructure in the area. You could even play it off as a mercy and no one would disagree. Bombings? From the Koreans? The more Charles thought about it, the less it made sense. If they had the power to shrug off a Chinese fleet, how would an unoptimized missile from a midget with daddy issues give them trouble? The excuse he heard was that the pollutants from the missiles were poisoning their ecosystem. A sort of famine afflicted them, killing millions from starvation until they figured out it was because of the Koreans. Again, it made no sense. Their technology should be advanced enough to handle these problems easily.

Supposedly, Atlantis sank nine-thousands years before Plato wrote about them. What were they doing all this time? Fishing? They must have developed some sort of underwater agriculture. No, the Charles was certain this was all a front. The worst part was that none of the top countries would ever admit this. That negotiation would become one of the biggest sources of conspiracy theories for the next hundred years. And Charles wasn't taking part of it. 

Charles stood up, looking for the young woman from before. She had direct contact with the Atlanteans. Maybe there was something she picked up from her conversation that could help him make sense of this.

---------------------
---------------------

"So how did they even communicate with you?" said Charles. "Telepathy?"

"What?" The young woman squinted, confused. "No. They had a device. A universal translator. They look like pointy earbuds. It both translates our words and distorts theirs so that we both speak the same language."

"Are they fish people?"

"They're very much human. A bit pale, with weird eye colors, but other than that completely normal."

Charles nodded. "I see..." 

He gently grabbed her by the elbow and pulled her towards a corner, away from an Indian diplomat. They were now near a table with a coffee brewer and a bunch of loose sugar packets. Charles looked around to make sure no one was eavesdropping and said:

"Listen love, I could talk to you all day about the little intricacies of Atlantean biology, but we're on a time limit here. How much do you know about their policy? Are they a monarchy? Oligarchy?" Charles widened his eyes. "A theocracy?!?"

"Erm..." She glanced away. "N-no, but I can assure you you won't like the answer."

"There's little that can surprise me anymore. Try me."

"They're a communist utopia."

Charles blinked a few times. He then did the only sensible thing, grabbing the coffee brewer, smashing it on the floor, and screaming:

"COMMUNISTS?!? THEY'RE FUCKING COMMUNISTS?!?"

"W-well, they don't call themselves that, but for all intents and purposes, yes, they're a classless society with no currency."

Charles rubbed his temples, pacing back and forth. "And you just believed they're a utopia? Did they show you any proof?"

The young woman perked up. "Oh, yes! They had these holographic videos showing us their capital, culture, and general way of life."

Charles frowned. "That's not proof; that's propaganda!" He stomped loudly. "Gahhh! They all do that! Even North Korea..." He pursed his lips. "I know what they're after. Oh god, I know what they're after!"

"What...?" said the young woman.

"I have to get inside. I have to enter the meeting. T-Those utter fuckin' twats are gonna screw over the world for their own benefit!"

"But you can't! They won't let you in!"

"SHUT YER PUSS FANNYBAWS, you've already done enough! I'll fucking kill anyone in my way! I'll bite their damn heads off and fuck it like a cunt if they try to stop me!"

Charles walked through the room and out the hallway shouting incoherently without taking a breath. Every other diplomat just shrugged and continued talking among themselves.

-------------
-------------

Charles kicked the doors down, shouting:

"And I swear to fucking god that if you've already bent over and agreed, I'll start another damn world war, all by myself, out of shame for humanity as a whole!" 

Everyone in the conference room widened their eyes, shocked, and some security guards aimed their guns at him. The guards then lowered their weapons when they realized he was a diplomat. The american diplomat stood up and said:

"Charles! If you wanted a seat at the table, all you had to do was beg, erm, I mean ask. No need to cause a ruckus."

"A ruckus?" Charles raised his eyebrows. "You don't know the meanin' of the word, you greedy american fuck! I'll *show* you a ruckus!"

"Just settle down. We have a chair here. You can join us if you want. You actually interrupted our Atlantean friend. You were saying, Rxychra?"

A beautiful woman sat across the desk from the American. Her long, chestnut hair traced the outline of her gentle body, blending seamlessly with the blue, backless dress she wore. Behind her were three men with purple eyes, just like hers. Guards, most likely. Charles nodded and said:

"She doesn't need to finish. It's just a damn sob-story, I imagine. 'Oh, our people were hated because we were so bloody advanced, so we chose to hide instead of killing everyone else'. It's bullshit! You guys don't even care about it! You're already giving them the colony!"

The American glanced away, swallowing. "How do you know about that? Did you bug the room?!?"

"Pull yer head out yer ass, I didn't bug the damn room. It doesn't take a genius to know what you're up to."

"Excuse me" said Rxychra. Her voice was soft, but firm. "But Atlanteans have a rich history and culture. It's not as simple as you're making it out to be."

Charles sighed and sat on the empty chair. "Well enlighten me then."

Rxychra cleared her throat. "As I was saying, we used to be a democracy, before the great sinking. Athens actually took the idea from us. We were a cultural center; the richest city state in the world thanks to a rare metal called orichalcum. This is the source of our energy. Its properties allow near-lossless energy storage, which means we have free energy for all of our citizens. Unfortunately...."  

Charles rolled his eyes. "Here it comes."

"It could only be mined in Atlantis and the small islands surrounding it. It was helpful for establishing trade in all of what you call the Mediterranean."

"See?" The Russian diplomat smiled. "They're actually an archipelago. Just like you."

"Fuck off" said Charles. "What does this have to do with the sinking? Did people constantly threaten you for this metal?"

"Oh heavens no, I'm building up to it, but the sinking is a lot more nuanced than that. You see, living in what you call Europe back then, when compared to Atlantis, was like living in a nightmare. We got threatened, yes, but we were always able to defend ourselves quite well."

Charles furrowed his brow. "So what forced you to sink?"

"Forced? No, no. You misunderstand. We didn't get sunk by an outside force. We voted to sink."

Charles gaped his mouth. "V-voted? You sank your own island?!?"

"Archipelago" said the Russian. 

"I said fuck off you vodka chugger!" Charles turned to Rxychra. "But why?!?"

"Because we were tired of dealing with the primitive tribes on mainland. You see, those people were always fighting and killing each other. Peace never lasted long enough to build their own economy, so everyone started migrating towards Atlantis because it was easier. At first, we didn't mind. But eventually, there wasn't enough space to fit everyone. People resented Atlanteans for not allowing them in, even though we had wealth to spare. We grew isolationist, but still continued trade for livestock and grain. Then everyone started attacking our ships. They weren't as advanced as they are now, so we couldn't just ignore them. Eventually, a very controversial vote was held where we decided to relocate to another ocean."

"You're shitting me..."

"It was obvious that leaving was an overreaction, but a wealthy elite had used propaganda and misinformation to rig the election. Then, after a few years, everyone blamed the rich nobles who misled everyone, causing a revolution from the commoners that-"

"No..." Charles ran his fingers through his hair. "Just stop. I... get the picture."

"Isn't it funny?" The American laughed. "You Brits have a lot in common with the Atlanteans!" 

Charles ignored him and said:

"So that's it? You're just letting them establish a trade colony in North Korea?"

"No, no," said the American, "colony is an outdated term. They're establishing an unincorporated territory of the Atlantean People's Republic." 

Charles rubbed his eyes. "This is insane. I... I... don't even know how to react." He turned towards the Chinese ambassador. "And you're okay with this? They're pushing into your turf!"

"We were... hesitant, at first, but we all agreed that we don't want a world war again. Not even the Atlanteans. An irradiated planet Earth is just as inconvenient for them as it is for us. Furthermore, the reason us and the Russians defended North Korea was because we didn't want the US influence in South Korea spreading. Atlantis is an independent state, with different interests from the US, and we're very much interested in creating economic ties with them."

"Plus," said the American, "we all wanted North Korea gone. We just never did anything because of public opinion. Now Russia and China don't have to waste resources on them. Atlantis manages the territory and takes responsibility for the invasion. We all disagree with warmongering. Mobilizing and interfering would go against our American values."

Charles sighed. "You're not gonna do anything."

The American smiled. "Nothing at all."

Charles pointed at the Saudis and said:

"You don't have a problem with the whole 'free energy' thing?"

The Saudi representative laughed. "Oh, we do, but that has been negotiated already. The world will still run on oil."

Charles frowned. "What? It's free energy! Why the hell won't it be widespread from now on?!?"

"Think about it this way," said the American, "political stability is worth more than free energy."

"You'd start a world war if the orichalcum were used..."

The Saudi shook his head. "Saudi Arabia would never do such a thing. However, we can't speak for our neighbors in the middle east..."

"Right," said Charles, "I wonder where they would find the money to finance their armies."

The Saudi shrugged. "It would be quite the mystery, but we'd all be too busy to investigate, right?"

Every other diplomat nodded and hummed in agreement. 

Charles stood up and said:

"I don't know what to say. I know every curse word in the language. Unimaginable insults that you've never heard in your life. And I still can't describe how... how greedy, elitist, spineless, and... and downright evil you filthy bastards are right now. This isn't about retaliation for an attack. It's just a convenient annexation!"

"So?" said the Russian.

"It's wrong!"

"It is not!" said Rxychra. "We are merely handling the mess none of you were willing to clean up." She scoffed. "We wouldn't have even known of your existence if you hadn't allowed these... Koreans to throw their missiles into the Pacific."

"You don't even care about the people! What about the millions who live there?"

"Germany will take them!" said the Russian. "Isn't that right?"

The German nodded weakly.

"Also," said Rxychra, "we plan on integrating them into our society. From what we researched, they already lived in a political system similar to ours."

Charles walked out of the room without uttering a single word. He was finished. He couldn't go against them on this. Not without triggering a world war. Charles widened his eyes. He was joking about that, but could he? *Should* he? History would be the only judge of that.Timmy tucked himself into his bed, pulling over his warm blanket with a single tear running down his cheek. It hadn't been a good Christmas Eve. Ever since his mom died, his dad had gotten much scarier than ever before. He used to just shout at her, punishing her whenever she was bad, but a few months ago she'd gotten too naughty, running away forever out of her shame. At least, that's what daddy told him and what he said to the nice policemen who questioned him afterwards. 

Still, daddy hadn't been the same afterwards. He'd gone out almost every night, coming home very late, sporting an acidic breath whenever he returned. He always woke up Timmy when he was like that, sitting next to his bed with a ruddy face and ranting loudly about his missing wife. 

Timmy didn't expect much from Santa this the year. According to his daddy, he'd been even more naughty than his mother, so expecting presents was very presumptuous on his part. Regardless of this, he wrote his letter. Pouring all of his emotion into his request, he asked Santa to get rid of his dad. He wasn't happy with him. He always punished him no matter how hard he tried to be good. Math just wasn't his subject. Even after studying hard on his tests, he barely passed his exams this semester. Maybe Santa would pity him. Maybe Santa would see how hard he tried. It was a long shot, though. He didn't deserve it. He was a naughty child.

Smoke billowed at the other side of his room, illuminating his room in crimson. It rose and rose, until a humanoid figure appeared within its black cloak. Timmy gripped his blanket, shivering his with fear. The whole room dropped in temperature, cold enough to freeze any water inside. A man then stepped out of the smoke. He was very pretty, more beautiful than any human Timmy had ever seen. He stretched out his wings, fluttering them a few times before approaching Timmy's bed and sitting at the end of his bed. It then said:

"Timothy, I presume?" 

Timmy nodded. "Are you an angel? Did God send you here to help me out?"

"No, no, no, that's..." The being hesitated for a few seconds. "Y-yes, I'm... an angel. Technically."

"So are you helping out Santa? Did God send you to make my Christmas wish come true?"

"No!" The angel crossed his arms. "God was too busy giving malaria to African children to bother with this. I came here on my own volition."

"Vol-what? I don't know that word... Oh, I'm begging here, don't take away my present for not studying enough! Please, I'll learn more words!"

"Why would I..? Oh... I see. Does your father punish you for not studying enough?"

"Yeah... But I *do* study! He always says I don't and hits me for disobeying him."

The angel sighed. "Look kid, I can't kill your dad." He narrowed his eyes and looked away for a moment. "Okay, I *can* kill him, but it would cause more problems than it would fix."

"But he deserves to be punished! He always does the things he tells me not to do! He lies, he's mean, and he steals from his job! Even mommy knew he wasn't as good as he said he was!"

"No, you're missing the point. I uhh... I know how you feel." The angel took a deep breath. "I've wanted my dad gone too. I even tried to fight him once, and that didn't work out too well for me. You have to learn from my mistake. Build up your strength before you challenge him. I can't do it for you, not now, but if you wait a couple of years and make a good plan, you'll be able to get rid of him without any trouble."

"But I can't do that. I'm not smart enough to plan something like that."

The angel chuckled and said:

"No, Timothy, you're not dumber than everyone else. You just have dyslexia, a reading disorder. Just because you have trouble with words doesn't mean that you're less than anyone else. Have a little pride. People always go on about how it's bad, but it's actually very helpful in life."

"Really? So I can really get rid of my dad if I try?"

"Of course! Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on you. When you feel you're ready, go ahead and try. I'll back you up as much as I can. Just make sure you have a good spot for the body. It has to be a secluded place, where no one would wander by. Oh, and make sure to bash his teeth in. That way, even if he's found, the police won't be able to identify his body through his dental records."

Timmy nodded and smiled. The angel patted Timmy's head and ruffled his hair. He then got up, walked to the end of the room, and disappeared with the same smoke he appeared in. Heat came back to the room, making Timmy feel comfortable and warm. Sure, he didn't get his present, at least not how he imagined it at first, but the beautiful angel gave him something better than what he asked. The angel gave him hope.Alex dug his nails into the steering wheel, gritting his teeth. He couldn't afford to go faster, the rain was too thick. A single mistake here could cost him jail time. Or even his life. He really shouldn't have drunk that eleventh beer. That's why he drove as slow and deliberate as possible, blinking his emergency lights to signal other cars of his location. Not that there were any around. The road was empty. But still, better safe than sorry. 

The car windows vibrated as thunder roared in the background. Alex hadn't seen a downpour this bad in over ten years. He glanced at his passenger seat. The pile of tests were stuffed in their box, ungraded. Alex swallowed. At this point, he'd be up all night finishing them. Was it even worth it, though?

Lightning struck.

Alex shrieked, stepping on the gas by accident. 

The car accelerated. 

Alex widened his eyes and slammed the brakes.

It was too late.

The car spun out of control, screeching its tires and smashing into a wooden beam. 

A sharp creaking noise slowly grew into a loud crash outside. 

Alex punched his dashboard, shaking with fear. Just his luck. Why did this have to happen tonight, of all nights? His heart wanted to burst out of his chest. Something large had fallen near his car. Alex couldn't see what it was. He didn't even know where he was. Thankfully, it didn't land on the car. 

Did anyone see him? Would he go to jail? Maybe he could just drive off. His car was fine. The engine was still running. Any damage would be external, nothing to worry about. In this rain, it'd be pretty hard to see his plate. Or even the model of his car.

Alex sighed. He needed to assess the damage. It just wasn't right to run away. Alex then turned around and searched the back of his car, looking for an umbrella. He frowned. It wasn't there. Alex threw himself back on the driver's seat. Right. He'd lent it to one of his students earlier in the afternoon. Should he still leave? The rain had only gotten worse.

No. He wouldn't be able to handle any more guilt. Only one option then.

Alex took a deep breath, opened the door, and stepped into the muddy grass. The rain hit him like a ton of bricks. Tinny daggers of water that drained away his heat almost instantly. He spotted a large structure a few feet away from his car. A broken sign. Alex narrowed his eyes, wiping them with his hands to see clearly. Behind the structure stood a tall building made of weathered stone, with a vaulted roof and stained-glass windows. Alex clenched his fist. Of course he crashed here.

A thunderbolt crackled in the sky, illuminating his surroundings. For a brief moment, Alex could read the sign he just destroyed.

>*Are you even listening to me, Alex?*

The man blinked, gaped his mouth, and then scowled.

"OF COURSE I WAS LISTENING!!!" He shouted at the sky. "WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!?" He ran at the sign and started kicking it. "I'VE BEEN DOING NOTHING BUT LISTENING!" He smashed his foot through the sign, pulled it out, and continued his assault. "I LISTENED, I LISTENED, AND LISTENED, AND IT DIDN'T CHANGE A DAMN THING!"

Alex misjudged a kick and slipped, falling on his back. 

The pain took his breath away. Why was he still trying? He already failed. As a role model, as a teacher, as a human being. Alex sobbed, his tears mixing with the downpour. He was put on this planet to fail for others.

A figure then walked into his vision, holding an umbrella. A small, clean-shaven man with a wrinkled face, gray hair, and a black cassock. The priest smiled and said:

"Therefore everyone who hears these words of Mine and acts on them, may be compared to a wise man who built his house on the rock." 

"Come again?" said Alex.

"And the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew and slammed against that house; and yet it did not fall, for it had been founded on the rock."

Alex frowned. "I'm confused."

The priest chuckled. "I'm saying that you're lucky I was wise enough to get insurance for that sign. It's too close to the road, that's what I told them." He scoffed. "Of course, they didn't listen. The Lord then told me to get insurance for it. So I did."

"The rock is insurance?"

"Yes. The rock is an analogy for insurance. Insurance for the soul. That's what I always say in my sermons, anyways. Though in this case, it's a tad more literal."

"I see..."

"Listen son, you're clearly shaken by the accident. Why don't you come inside and give some company to this old man? You're not in any trouble."

"N-no." Alex stood up, wiping dirt off his pants. "If it's all the same to you, I'll just leave. I have some work to finish."

"Really? Not even for hot cocoa? I have marshmallows."

"I..."

The priest put a hand on his shoulder. "I may be old, but my ears still work just fine. I heard you shouting. Just humor me. Wait for the rain to pass. The road is still dangerous."

Alex looked upwards. The sky was pitch black, flashing briefly with lightning. It wouldn't clear up for a while. 

The priest was right. In this drunken state, Alex was bound to crash again. It'd be irresponsible to keep driving. Maybe sobering up with cocoa wasn't such a bad idea.

"Okay, father. You win. But... can I put in as many marshmallows as I want?"

"Of course!" The priest narrowed his eyes. "Just don't empty out the bag."

Alex chuckled and followed the priest inside.

---------

Alex sat next to a wooden table, smelling the rejuvenating scent of chocolate in the air. The priest had given him a thick towel to dry himself, which Alex then wrapped around his body to generate some warmth. This was a break room or a kitchen of sorts, with a small stove, a sink, and a rusty refrigerator in a corner. Did the priest live here? It seemed like it. Why else would he be here so late at night?

The priest looked over a boiling pot, whistling to himself a variation of Ave Maria. He looked cheerful and energetic despite his age. As he stirred the pot, the priest said:

"Name's Father Martin. Just in case you were wondering."

"Oh... I'm Alex. Nice to meet you."

"Alex, eh?" Father Martin chuckled. "That explains your outburst."

"Y-yeah."

"Must've been pretty surreal to see your name on the sign. Rest assured, it has nothing to do with you. Alex is one of my altar girls. I caught her dozing off last mass so I decided to to call her out on it."

Alex chortled. "Of course."

"Still, I'd be remiss to not address the fact that you were clearly in despair back there. Is something troubling you? It's sort of my job to help people like you."

Alex shook his head. "No, it's okay. I'm... I'm not what you'd call a... believer."

Father Martin turned his head at Alex, arching an eyebrow. "That has nothing to do with it. Jesus was many things. A healer. A preacher. The son of God. And more importantly, at least in my humble opinion, a teacher." He poured the hot chocolate into two ceramic cups. "He'd save people through their faith in him, yes, but he also taught them how to save themselves by their own grace and virtue." He brought the cups to the table, still standing. "His sacrifice at the cross wasn't just for whoever believed he was the messiah; it was for all of mankind. Samaritans, whores, lepers. Who they were didn't matter." He opened a drawer, picked up a bag of marshmallows, and placed it on the table. "What I'm trying to say is, I'm all ears, Alex. You don't have to shout to the heavens. You can just talk to me."

Alex nursed his cup for a while. It was still too hot to drink. He then said:

"You're the one responsible for the sign?"

"I'm responsible for everything here, yes." Father Martin took a sip of cocoa and grimaced. "It needs to cool down."

"I uhh... I actually drive through this road every day for work. Mind if I ask you something?"

Father martin smiled. "That's what I'm here for."

"What's the meaning behind 'One does not live by bread alone'?"

"Ahh..." Father Martin dumped some marshmallows on his cup. "That was Christ's answer for one of Satan's temptations. To turn stone into bread when he was fasting. We've been discussing the three temptations these past few weeks."

"And what were the other two?"

"To be cast from the temple and be rescued by angels, and to rule the world and all of its kingdoms. Jesus rejected them all."

Alex nodded. "And you think he did the right thing? You know, rejecting them?"

Father Martin furrowed his brow. "Of course! By rejecting hedonism, egoism, and materialism, Jesus freed himself from the trappings of our world."

"For freedom, huh?"

"Yes, freedom."

Alex sighed. "And that's why your religion is a load of bullshit. If Jesus freed mankind, then he only doomed it to suffer. People can't handle freedom. It only leads them to make more mistakes. At least the material world can give them something to cling to. Some direction. You can argue till you're blue in the face that god allows us to make mistakes to learn from them, but that just sounds like the logic of a beaten housewife. If your god exists, then I refuse to worship him. A being truly capable of everything, of encompassing all of reality, shouldn't have to resort to suffering as a teaching mechanism. He should be able to make something greater than that, without relying on pain to guide others. That's why Jesus failed as a teacher. His convictions only got him killed, and encouraged people to ignore our world in favor of an ephemeral, ideal heaven. Jesus fucked everything up. He only propagated delusions that comforted, sounded nice and wise, but never actually saved anyone. You're an idiot for believing in someone like that."

Father Martin leaned forward, saddened. "Alex... it's obvious your resentment isn't directed at God, or Christ, or me. You're trying to provoke me, to make me hate you so you can validate your own self-loathing." He shook his head. "But I won't do it. You don't deserve to be treated poorly, not by me, and most importantly, not by yourself. What are you blaming yourself for? Why do you hold so much guilt?"

Alex slammed his fist on the table. "Because one of my students killed himself last night!" He choked up. "It's easy to say he was free to do it! It's easy to say that he would learn from his suffering! That's what I told myself, and look where that got him!" He rubbed his face downwards. "He was a shy kid. Barely talked in my lectures. His grades weren't the best during the first half of the semester. Then, he approached me, pleading to get his grade up. He had a C, but his GPA had taken a hit in the last few semesters and he needed a better grade. He was on academic probation, but he was also on the verge of graduating. If he didn't get at least a B in my class, he was going to get expelled, but he was too depressed, too anxious to concentrate on his studies. I tried to aid him. I listened to his problems and helped him study. And he almost did it. He got an A on his third test. Unfortunately, final exams are made by the department, not me. This time around... the test was rough. Unfair, even. He quickly met me in my office afterwards to see what grade he would get. He got a B on the test. Better than expected, actually. But it wasn't good enough. He needed an A to get the score he wanted. He got on his knees. He begged me to bump up his grade. He even cried. But I didn't do it. It was too much of a leap. It wouldn't be fair to the other students." He welled up with tears. "I told him that man didn't live by bread alone. I'd seen it on the drive to the university and had it lingering in my head. Being pulled from college wasn't that big a deal. He would learn from this experience and jump back on his feet because he was smart enough to make something of himself. It didn't help him. He still shot himself. He didn't leave a note. None of his friends knew of his situation. His parents didn't even understand why he did it. I'm the only person that knows what happened."

Father Martin remained stoic. "It's not your fault."

"Yes, it is! I could've saved him!" Alex wept. "It was just an arbitrary score! If I had changed some numbers, he would still be alive!"

"Though we can never comprehend the majesty of the Lord's plan, we have to trust that he's-"

"No!" Alex threw the cup across the room, shattering upon impact. "Don't give me any of that crap! That kid didn't have to die!" He pulled on his hair. "I can't even grade the rest of the tests! How is any of this fair?"

Father Martin stood up and firmly grabbed Alex's shoulder. "It's... it's not. But God only helps those who help themselves. You can't cling to your guilt, Alex. You have to cut yourself some slack. Forgive yourself. You couldn't have known this would happen."

"I should've known! I could've handled it so much better!"

"But you didn't, and you have to accept that before you move on."

"How?!?"

"By learning, Alex! It's the only thing we can do! Why *didn't* you change his grade?"

Alex looked away. "Because I thought I couldn't."

"You couldn't? Why?"

"Because I could get fired! I didn't want to risk it!"

"Well there you go!"

"What the hell are you talking about?!?"

"The Lord is clearly giving you sign after sign, and you keep ignoring them! Did you ever stop to think that maybe that quote wasn't for your student, but for you? That this wasn't the kid's test, but yours?"

Alex widened his eyes. Father Martin continued:

"Whether you believe in God or not, this is clearly a challenge you must overcome."

"No, Father-"

"Yes, Alex! You don't deserve this, but you can't change the fact that it happened! The sooner you accept it, the faster you'll grow from the experience. Are you going to abandon the rest of your work because of this? Are you going to let one failure affect the rest of your students?" 

"I... I can't." Alex nodded. "You're right. I'm failing the rest of my students if I quit now." He stood up. "Thank you Father, but I have to leave now. I have some work to finish."

Father Martin smiled. "Good. But first, pick up a mop and clean up that mess, alright? Leaving that chocolate to dry will only attract ants." He walked around the table, sat on his chair, and took a sip of his drink. "Oh, and you owe me a new cup."

"R-right." Alex pursed his lips. "Sorry about that."A school bus flew over Jason and landed fifty meters away from him, crashing on Crimson Sting and filling the street with debris. The ground trembled after the impact, making Jason's cameraman lose his balance. It didn't affect Jason. He just shrugged and aided his cameraman before he fell over. Jason might not be as young as he used to be, given his silver hair, wrinkled skin, and weakened joints, but his super-strength still came in handy from time to time. Specially for situations like this one, where any other person would be at risk.

Jason pursed his lips, shaking his head with worry. That was a strong hit. Few people would stand up after that one, even with superpowers. Crimson Sting was a relative newcomer. Jason had retired before he started operating, but he'd heard good things about the kid. The young hero had a form of pyrokenisis that granted him the ability to shoot fire in the shape of arrows, allowing him to end things from long range without too much collateral damage. These days, those were the type of heroes that thrived.  

The dust hadn't settled yet. Would Crimson Sting recover? Was he already dead? He wasn't a close combat expert. He didn't even have invulnerability! Then again, his red powersuit was standard-issue. It should keep him alive. Barely.

Jason sighed. A monstrosity like this one just wasn't a good match-up for him. Crimson Sting was too wet behind the ears. He didn't have the experience to realize this. Fool. Jason could hear the creature approaching. It closed the distance between them, running faster and faster with louder stomps.

The cameraman hyperventilated while gripping his camera. Jason put a hand on his shoulder and said:

"Don't worry kid, I may not be able to lift buildings anymore, but I can still protect you. You're not in danger."

"R-right."

"Just make sure to focus on the monster, not Crimson Sting, when we recover vision. Just in case he's dead. We don't want to send the nation into panic because of a loose monster, okay?" 

The cameraman nodded. 

"Good" said Jason.

The monster jumped towards Crimson Sting. The shock wave of his landing cleared away the floating debris. It was a chimera of sorts, twenty feet tall, with the body of a shaved ape, claws of a lion, the head of a frog, and a barbed tail. It's muscles looked inflated, almost like a cartoonishly large bodybuilder, with throbbing veins that protruded its skin. It was horrifying, even to Jason, who'd seen a lot of stuff disgusting things in his long career. 

Jason signaled his companion to begin rolling and walked in front of the camera, saying:

"Ladies and gentlemen, this is Jason Samaritan reporting live for CNN from Xeistoria City. As we speak, Crimson Sting is engaging a monster created by Doctor Genesis. The creature was unleashed after the city failed to meet the doctor's ransom demands-" Jason winced after a fireball exploded in the distance. "Collateral damage is high, but civilians have already been evacuated from the area."

"Bring it on!" shouted Crimson Sting. "I won't let you destroy this city! I won't lose to a monster like you! I'M TAKING YOU OUT RIGHT HERE AND NOW!!!"

Jason moved out of the way so that the cameraman could focus on Crimson Sting. His helmet was cracked in half and, more importantly, he was missing an arm. Blood ran down his exposed forehead, pooled on one of his eyes and blinding him. There goes his secret identity. He was clearly delirious, panting with shaking legs. Jason clenched his jaw. He wanted to jump in, but knew better. He'd only get in more trouble.

The monster swiped its claws at Crimson Sting. 

The hero ducked under the swing, jumped a few feet away, and threw another fire-arrow. 

Flames enveloped the chimera for a few seconds and vanished. No effect. Not even a single bruise. The monster then dashed towards the man, tackling him away a long distance.

Crimson Sting tumbled on the ground, but found his footing. His eyes... They were resolute. Unwavering. Even in the face of overwhelming odds, he grit his teeth and taunted the beast some more. 

The chimera got on all four of its legs and ran towards the hero at a blinding speed.

Crimson Sting tensed his muscles, gathering energy. 

The beast was five feet away from him now. Crimson Sting lunged at his opponent, hugging it tightly.

Jason lifted a nearby car, placing it between the cameraman and the view of the fight.

A huge explosion engulfed the entire street, scorching everything nearby. The car started melting. Jason crouched over the cameraman, shielding him with his own body. His back seared from the heat, the skin bubbling and falling off layer by layer until it was over. 

Jason's suit was burnt to a crisp and his back was heavily wounded, but the cameraman remained unharmed. 

"What just happened?" said the cameraman.

"He blew himself up..." Jason stood up. "Quick, we need a shot of of the aftermath. Can you walk?"

"Y-yeah."

They both walked around the car, seeing a large crater. The cameraman approached the edge and filmed the inside of it.

Crimson Sting was dead, and so was the monster.

---------------
---------------

Back at his apartment, later that night, Jason poured himself another scotch, emptying the bottle. It was new and full two hours ago, but Jason wasn't keeping track of his consumption. His back was uninjured again thanks to an old friend with healing powers, but the mental wounds still tortured his thoughts. This was the fifth hero he'd seen die in two months. 

He finished his drink and threw the glass away, screaming. It left a hole on his wall before shattering. Right. Super-strength. 

Jason had never met Crimson Sting before. He'd never even seen him in real life until today, but Jason could tell he was a great hero. He did everything right. By the book. Not a single civilian casualty during that fight. He didn't even hesitate when it was clear he was going to die. He had no problem giving up his life.

Why was he doing this? Jason could do a thousand other jobs with better pay, but he still chose reporting dangerous events. He could lie to himself and say that he was one of the few people who could do this job safely. A stupid excuse that people would buy. But Jason knew this wasn't necessary. He wasn't informing the public of vital information; he was giving them spectacle. The same spectacle that he craved after retiring.

Jason sat on his couch and cried for a while. This was only going to get worse. His producer would never agree to covering more wholesome stories. The ratings were through the roof now. Jason was never sent to cover established heroes. They always won. There wasn't any tension, and therefore interest, if the public knew the outcome. Of course, the network found a way to put a positive spin on it. They weren't exploiting newer heroes for views; they were giving exposure to young up-and-comers so that they could cultivate a bigger fanbase.

This had to change. He wasn't going to quit. If Jason left, they'd just find another retired hero to fill his position. If he stayed, though, maybe he could help the younger heroes in their battles. No. He wasn't allowed to fight anymore. His contract prohibited it. The reason he retired wasn't because of age, but because he caused a lot of damage in his final fight. The government wanted him arrested, but instead banned him from being a cape. 

Jason sighed. There had to be a loophole he could exploit. He had to try.
 
-------------
-------------

"Absolutely not" said the producer, leaning back on his chair behind his desk. "Are you going senile? You can't just jump into fights!"

"I won't be fighting the villains!" Jason pleaded with his hands. "Not directly, at least. I went over my contract. I can't engage in combat, but that doesn't mean I can't give assistance to the younger capes. I could coach them. Protect people from the collateral damage. I could do so much more than this!"

"The answer is still no."

"Why!?"

"Because you'd be putting the network at risk by doing it!" The producer rubbed his face in frustration. "You'd be opening us up to lawsuits! This isn't rocket science!" 

"I'll take a pay cut! I'll... I'll take full responsibility for any collateral!"

"You'll be arrested if you cause collateral again. You don't need to take responsibility; the government will do it for you."

"We can't keep doing this! It's wrong!"

"Oh *now* you grow a conscience? After making millions in a single year? Please. Those young heroes were going to die anyways. We're not causing these calamities; we just cover them." 

"I'll quit."

"Go ahead! Do it! We don't need you! We own the brand to your segment. That's all we need."

Jason grabbed the office desk and effortlessly threw it out the window. "That's my two-week's notice."

The producer nodded, shaking with fear.

Jason stormed out and walked into his office. He grabbed a box and started collecting his things. Pictures with presidents, awards, trophies. All won during his heyday as a hero. He wouldn't stay jobless for long. *Someone* would pick him up. He was too famous now. Jason had enough foresight when negotiating to avoid a non-compete clause.

Someone knocked on his open door. 

"What?!?" growled Jason.

It was yesterday's cameraman. Jason hadn't bothered learning his name. None of his crew lasted more than a single outing with him. They usually asked to be reassigned the next day. Jason didn't blame them. The experiences were too intense for the average person. The cameraman shyly walked inside and said:

"I... I just wanted to thank you for yesterday."

"Eh? For what?"

"Saving me from the explosion."

"Oh. Right. It wasn't a hard decision. You shouldn't thank me."

"I saw your back, though. That must've hurt."

"I've had worse." Jason sighed. "Look, I'm busy picking up my things here. I just quit my job, and I don't have super-speed, so-"

The cameraman widened his eyes. "What?!? Why?!?"

"Because this is wrong. I can't keep staying in the side-lines. I'd rather not do it at all."

"B-but yesterday was my first day! I was so excited about working with you!"

Jason raised an eyebrow. "You wanted to stay assigned to me?"

"Yeah!"

"You got a death-wish or something?"

"N-no. It's just that... Well... Growing up, you were my idol. You saved my mom once from a collapsing building, so she raised me always talking highly of you. Working with you was a dream come true!" The cameraman pulled out a piece of weathered cardboard from his wallet. It was an official membership card for Jason's old fanclub. The thing was nearly twenty years old. "I got this when I was eight years old. I was even president once. I never got to meet you, though." He looked away, embarrassed. "P-please, I know it's selfish on my part, but don't quit. You're an inspiration. The world needs you, even if you're not fighting."

Jason felt a lump on his throat, but held back his tears. "I'm sorry. I really am. But I need the freedom to do my own thing. I don't want to sell my soul."

"What are you going to do, then?"

"Hopefully, another network will give me an offer. I won't stay unemployed for long."

"Could I... m-make a suggestion?"

Jason shrugged. "Sure."

"Why don't you start a YouTube channel? The internet's the future! There aren't many superheroes capitalizing on it, at least, not as big as you. You could do so much in the medium. Fighting tips, or lessons on rescuing for new capes, breakdowns of your old battles, and even coverage of dangerous events, like yesterday. You're one of the few capes who doesn't have a secret identity anymore and you already have a fanbase, so it's not like no one will watch. You could do what you were doing here, only better!"

Jason narrowed his eyes. "That's... actually a really good idea. It's just that technology and me don't really mesh well together. This gig only worked because everyone did the rest of the work for me."

"Then I'll do it! I have my own equipment and... and I'm familiar with editing software! I can quit this job and work for you!"

"No, kid. I can't do that to you. You already have a steady job here. It'd be irresponsible."

"There's nothing wrong with being irresponsible for the sake of others."

Jason smiled. "My old catchphrase."

"I grew up admiring you. Of course I follow that way of life."

Jason walked up to the cameraman and shook his hand firmly. "I'm honored to have you on-board. What's your name, kid?"

"Steven, sir."

"Call me Jason. Sir makes me feel old." Jason chuckled. "You and I are going to do great things, Steven. Just you wait."Superpowers develop more like curses than boons if not fostered properly. They can lead to a type of single-minded arrogance where every solution is either forcing the same approach until it works or giving up. That isn't a useful mindset for future heroes. It can even backfire with horrible consequences if not handled with care. Unfortunately, the system set up around these kids didn't really value producing fully actualized members of society. They were tools. Anything that deviated from this norm was subtly neglected and discouraged, to the point where the kids were forced to adopt this toxic mindset just to survive in their environment. 

In other words, no matter how much Tom hated to admit it, the students didn't act like little shits out of malice. They just didn't know any better. And so, Tom finished drinking his coffee, closed his eyes with a long sigh, and forced himself out of his car. School was about to start.

Tom entered the silent classroom and narrowed his eyes, scanning the place. They were actually quiet. All except for Henry, who fidgeted in his seat and avoided eye contact. Tom shrugged it off, feigning innocence. 

Every student tensed up, leaning forward in their seats the closer Tom got his desk. Its position didn't line up with the floor tiles, like the real one should, and the chair was already pulled out. An obvious trap. Time to have some fun. 

Tom walked behind the desk, teasing to sit down. The students widened their eyes. Some even started to grin. Tom then stopped, saying:

"Oh I almost forgot!" He straightened up, pulling out papers out of his backpack. "I have your quizzes graded!"

The kids groaned. Tom handed them out one by one, filled with glee. They were genuinely annoyed. Their grades weren't bad, but they were too focused on the prank to care.  

Henry looked strained. It became apparent that keeping his power active was beginning to exhaust him.

Tom didn't go back to his desk, though. He wanted to see how long Henry could keep it up. Tom then started his lecture on the difference between strategy and tactics. The students began to lose hope until one them, Amanda, raised her hand to say:

"Mister Greenfield... You forgot to take attendance..."

Tom smiled. That was clever. Amanda thought that he would sit for that, like he always did. Not today.

"Wow, you're right. It must've slipped my mind. It's okay, though. I already know you're all present." 

"Well, I mean," Amanda scratched her neck, shooting a glance at Henry. "Isn't it important to write it down... you know, for our education?"

"Ahh yes, your education. That's actually a good point. Proper record keeping is an important part of hero work." Tom shook his head with fake embarrassment. "What a terrible role model I am. Let's do things the right way." He moved towards the desk, but turned around before he sat. "Actually, why don't *you* call attendance today?"

"M-me?" said Amanda.

"Yes, I see a great teaching opportunity here."

Amanda swallowed. The rest of the students looked at each other, suppressing their amusement as much as they could. They didn't care who was the victim as long as someone fell for the prank. 

"Come on," Tom grinned, "no need to be shy."

"Can't I do it from here?"

"No, no, you made a very good observation and it needs to be rewarded. I want you to genuinely experience what it's like from my position. You wouldn't get the full extent of the lesson over there."

Amanda opened her mouth, but realized that if she didn't follow through, she would look just as complicit as Henry. Tom nodded as she walked down the row. This was the only way for her to avoid detention now, since the public embarrassment would give her plausible deniability. She stopped right in front of the chair, though. 

"Go ahead" said Tom.

"Do I have to sit down?"

"Why not?"

Amanda appeared to consider coming clean, but one look at her conspirators gave her some resolve. Tom actually felt pride in her. At the very least, she wasn't a snitch. 

The desk and chair disappeared before Amanda phased through. She looked relieved. Henry fell out of his seat, wheezing heavily on the floor. Everyone started laughing at him. 

"Everyone settle down!" Tom motioned at Amanda for her to return to her desk. "Henry... you okay bud?"

Henry coughed a bit, but nodded. 

"Now, before I get my desk back, Derek, I want to ask Henry a question. Why didn't you let her fall through?"

"Because she didn't deserve it."

"And I do?"

"N-no."

"Then why do it in the first place?"

Henry looked away. 

Derek, sitting right behind him, said:

"Because you're a normie!"

Most of the class gasped. Tom didn't react. He knew some of the kids saw him that way. It was better to address it now than to let it fester for the rest of the semester. A lot of the time, powered kids grew jaded by their environment. People only saw their powers; not them. Having a seemingly normal person order them around could lead to some misconceptions about the world. Tom cleared his throat and said:

"Class, Derek brings up something important. I'm not being facetious, like before. How the heck should I know about hero work if I don't even have powers? More importantly, how can you guys trust that what I'm teaching you is useful? Is that what you mean, Derek?"

"Yeah!"

"And he's right, to a certain extent. You shouldn't blindly believe what I'm telling you. This class is to teach you to how think in battle. That requires careful consideration, and even rejection, of the knowledge I give you. It could mean the difference between life and death. With that in mind, though, wouldn't you want to know how I figured out your prank?"

Derek and Henry shared a glance. 

"I mean," continued Tom, "if a simple normie could see through it, how would a powerful villain react?"

The kids contemplated his words, looking uncomfortable as they mulled it out. 

"That's what I thought. For example, while Henry's illusion was indistinguishable from my real desk, one look at him made me immediately suspicious. Your illusions aren't worth much if your body language betrays they're not real."

Henry slightly gaped his mouth, understanding the point.

Derek kept frowning. 

"And Derek, it's obvious you thought you wouldn't get caught, but you're the only person who could've moved my desk."

Derek crossed his arms. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"None of you have super strength and you guys didn't have time to move the desk as a group."

"That doesn't prove anything!"

"Well, you can only shrink one object at a time, right? Why don't you shrink something else to prove you're not currently shrinking the desk?"

Derek pursed his lips.

"Just return my desk. You're only asking for more trouble if you double-down."

"Fine..." 

Derek took the desk out of his pocket, placed it where it belonged, and grew it back to its original size. Tom sat down to call attendance before returning to his original lecture. The kids paid more attention than usual today. Tom knew it wouldn't last, though. He counted on it. The students would eventually try to mess with him again and they would resort to increasingly elaborate plans the more they failed. At the end of the day, Tom would teach them to think creatively whether they realized it or not. Who knows. They might even learn to properly rebel.The bird didn't peck on my window. That should've been enough for me to notice, but it wasn't until I rolled over in my bed and found a severed arm that I realized it was over. I immediately went back to sleep, of course. This was the first time in what felt like centuries where I could actually allow myself to rest.

I woke up around noon. Usually, I had to stop a kid from falling off a tree around this time. Who knew throwing him myself would feel a thousand times more rewarding?

As I walked through the desolate town square, I couldn't help but chuckle at everything I experienced. Every day, I forced myself to improve. I blamed myself for the cosmic prison I was jailed in, thinking I just hadn't done enough good to escape. I had all the time in the world and never spent any of it on myself. Perhaps that was the problem all along.

It wasn't until I impaled the merchant on his statue that I remembered I had a choice. I saved that work of art from being stolen more times than I care to recall. The first time I decided to reveal myself as the person who recovered it, I was immediately labeled as the thief. I fled from the guards that time. Then, when I discovered that the merchant had machinated everything to increase its worth, I felt like a complete fool. Why did it take me so long to notice? It took a while, but I finally reached a conclusion on the day before yesterday, which I guess was technically still yesterday up until today.

I never noticed because I didn't care. I only did those good deeds to tell myself I was doing everything I could. If it were a genuine act, I would've looked deeper into the scenario instead of being satisfied with a superficially happy ending. Lesson learned, I guess.

I left the town feeling neither excitement or despair. All the good I did amounted to nothing, while the one time I succumbed to my darker impulses I was rewarded with freedom. What was I supposed to take away from this? It felt like god, the world, the universe or whatever ruled my reality was trying to tell me something. Maybe fate wasn't something imposed on the individual. Maybe it was something we all woke up to by being true to ourselves, no matter how wrong it might look on the surface.

My new found purpose made itself apparent the more I thought about it. I was never meant to do good. Saving others, doing the right thing, it would never fix the problem of evil. Everything would start all over again if everyone were saved from suffering. People needed to be shown evil, so they could understand why it shouldn't be perpetuated. That was my purpose. It was the only meaning I could draw from this cruel existence. If this was the role I was meant to play, then I'll gladly embrace it and bring my reckoning upon the rest of the world."Stopping an alien invasion shouldn't get you jailed!" Joel turned towards the judge. "Your honor, the evidence is clear and undeniable. While my client may have been a 'mad genius' who sought to 'dominate the city' with his 'army of evil', I present that he did actually not break any laws or statutes in his actions. The defense rests."

The judged nodded. Her face was beyond skeptical. Joel gave the best opening statement he could muster. Most of the crowd behind him had already made up their minds before the proceedings even started. Joel could feel them glaring into the back of his skull, but they weren't the ones that mattered. The jurors were the target. Unfortunately, they didn't look convinced.

Larry remained stoic. He just vacantly stared at the floor, resigned to his fate. To think that, after all this time, he would just give himself up for a fair trial. Even as his best (and probably only) friend, Joel couldn't believe Larry saved the day in last month's attacks. It costed him an army of mutants he'd been cultivating for half a decade. The government then raided his secret hideout, seizing all of his research notes and prototypes. Joel always warned him that he would eventually get caught. That didn't stop it from being so surprising. 

The prosecution called their first witness. A tall, muscular man built like a house of bricks stood up in the audience. Everyone whispered and took pictures as he walked towards the stand. Seeing Ultraman in a well-tailored suit was an unusual sight. He still wore his mask, though.

The lead prosecutor, a chubby man in his fifties, waited for Ultraman to be sworn in, smiled at the jurors, and said:

"Good morning, I know this is might feel redundant for everyone present, but would you mind stating who you are and what you do?"

Ultraman nodded. "I am a registered superhero that goes by the alias of Ultraman. My mission is to protect civilians from extraordinary threats."

"And you're very good at it." The prosecutor chuckled, pacing towards the jury bench. "Have you ever encountered the defendant before?"

"Yes, I've been fighting his inventions and following his trail for more than a decade."

"Objection!" said Joel. "That's speculation. Those incidents were never linked back to my client."

"Oh come on!" moaned Ultraman.

The judge slammed her gavel. "Sustained."

The prosecutor fixed his tie, sighing. "Very well, Mister Ultraman, what were you doing during the events of the invasion?"

"I fought the enemy ships in the sky, sir. Just one of them was capable of wiping out an entire city. Too many succeeded. I did my best to repel them as much as I could."

The prosecutor shook his head with a pained expression. "When did you return to Xeistoria?"

"As soon as I knew the defendant had taken over the city."

"Objection!" said Joel. "My client didn't take over the city."

The prosecutor raised his hands, annoyed. "Your honor, the defendant literally claimed he was 'in charge of the city now'. We have it on tape."

"Overruled" said the judge.

The prosecutor smiled, turning towards Ultraman. "What did you find once you arrived?"

Ultraman hardened his expression. "Most of the civilians were staying in the stadium, which was being protected by these..." He scowled at Larry. "...by these monstrous aberrations."

Larry chuckled.

"Why didn't you stop him at that moment?" said the prosecutor.

"We were still in the middle of the attack. He held the citizens hostage so we couldn't afford to start another battle."

"Objection!" shouted Joel. "Your honor, my client wasn't holding anyone hostage; he was protecting the citizens! The witness is clearly presenting his opinion as fact."

The judge leaned forward, deep in thought. Everyone in the room stared in anticipation. She then pursed her lips and said:

"Sustained."

The crowd complained with loud murmurs. The judge brought order to the courtroom and urged the prosecutor to continue. After a few more inquiries, it was finally Joel's turn to question Ultraman. This was the most intimidating moment of his career. The hero didn't look pleased with the current state of events. Him and Larry had a long, personal rivalry that couldn't be ignored. Joel smiled at the jurors, looked at Ultraman, and said:

"Sir, I'd like to thank you for all you've done throughout your life. You're a hero to many around the world and I'm sure that, above all else, justice is your ultimate goal. Would you agree?"

"Always."

"You would never let your personal biases interfere with this goal, right?"

"Not if I can prevent it."

"Yes, of course, nobody's perfect. That said, if you were to realize that your feelings were getting in the way of justice, would you be capable of removing yourself from that situation?"

Ultraman frowned. "Of course."

"Has this ever been the case?"

"Yes."

"What's the most recent instance of this?"

"During the invasion."

"Can you elaborate?"

Ultraman glanced away. "The mutants he commanded... They were all distorted clones of my deceased sidekick."

The audience gasped. Some jurors covered their mouths in shock. Joel saw Larry suppressing a smirk. Hopefully, nobody noticed that. He definitely did it to mess with Ultraman. Not illegal, though.

"How did you know they were cloned from your sidekick?"

"I can easily see the resemblance in many of the creatures. This isn't the first time he's done this."

"Is it? Remember you're under oath."

"He... he forced me to kill a perfect clone of my friend many years ago. This isn't public knowledge, but it's recorded in the archives of the National Hero Agency. All done by the book."

"I see... That must've been tough, having your companion die twice on you. Did you just let the defendant get away with it?"

"Objection!" said the prosecutor. "Badgering the witness."

"I'm merely re-stating his words, your honor."

"Overruled. Answer the question."

"Well no, I..." Ultraman paused. "I'd like to plead the fifth."

"Fine." Joel glanced around the room. Everyone seemed perplexed by Ultraman's decision. They were beginning to doubt Larry's guilt. "So you accuse my client of cloning for emotional blackmail, but you won't tell the entire story?"

"I can't."

"Really? You can't say that you murdered a clone of my client?"

"Objection!" shouted the prosecutor. "That's clearly a loaded question!"

"Sustained. The jury is to ignore what the defense just said."

Joel rolled his eyes. "Okay, let's try another way. Were you aware back then that my client had a clone of himself?"

"Yes."

"How did you know this?"

"The defendant told me..."

"Interesting. Why?"

"Because he was hunting down his clone and needed my help. That led to the encounter with my sidekick. Afterwards, he tricked me and fled the scene before I could catch him."

"I'll ask you again, then. If you knew his clone had done that to your sidekick, why are you blaming my client?"

"Because he's still responsible for the existence of both clones *and* the mutants."

"The mutants that hold a vague resemblance to your sidekick... and saved the city. Nothing you've said is illegal."

"It's wrong!" Ultraman stood up. "He's making a mockery of the dead!"

"Bullshit," shouted Larry, "you're the one that got Megaboy killed!"

In the blink of an eye, Ultraman appeared in front of Larry and grabbed him by the throat, lifting him off the ground. Larry just grinned. Ultraman held him tight in silence. The crowd grew audibly crazy, but the judge quickly got them to calm down. Ultraman snapped out of his anger, set Larry on the floor, and stormed out of the courtroom. The jurors glanced at each other with uncertainty. This was the momentum Joel was seeking. The trial was paused for a brief recess while while everything got organized again. 

Joel sat down to gather his thoughts. He knew that Larry wasn't a bad guy. His mind just wasn't normal which always made him feel like an outcast. Fighting society was a logical decision for him. They clearly didn't have his best interest in mind. With all that said, though, Joel still felt hesitant about the outcome of the trial. His friend was capable of horrifying things, even if it never came from a place of malice. Joel needed to hide that as much as possible. By the time the recess ended, he knew this following part would define the entire trial. Larry was testifying next.

The prosecutor dabbed his sweaty forehead with a handkerchief. He never expected a difficult trial. The short recess helped him gather his thoughts. It didn't matter. Joel knew doubt had already poisoned the jury's mind. 

Larry swore the oath in the most sarcastic tone possible. Joel facepalmed. Half the jurors shared worried looks with each other, but one of them actually chuckled. The judge frowned. Larry smiled at her. It was like he didn't care at all about the trial. The prosecutor then cleared his throat and said:

"Mister Graham, where were you when you noticed the invasion?"

"I was in my secret... erm, sorry, I guess it's not secret anymore. I was in my underground base, monitoring the world like I did every morning." 

"And then you leapt to your heroic rescue?"

Larry chortled. "No, I brewed coffee. The ships were still hours away from the planet."

The prosecutor blinked a few times, stunned. "I'm sorry, maybe I didn't listen correctly, are you saying you knew of the invasion before the attack?"

"Yup."

The answer rippled through the courtroom in seconds. Joel sunk deeper into his chair. Everyone gawked at the nonchalant attitude. Larry seemed legitimately amused by their surprise.

The prosecutor massaged his temples for a moment. "Did you bolster your defenses after the... coffee?"

"Nah, I didn't even plan on helping until the aliens contacted me."

"Wait, wait, you spoke with them before the attack?"

"Yeah, they offered me their spoils if I aided them."

"And you didn't tell anyone?"

Larry shrugged. "Who would believe me?"

"Anyone!" said the prosecutor. "Literally anyone would've been better than nothing!"

Larry crossed his arms. "If I had done that, I would've been arrested on the spot."

"So why did you help?"

"Because the aliens would've been harder to live under." Larry smirked. "I'm not sure I made the right choice, though."

"Right, it wasn't because you thought you could conquer everything once the dust settled?"

"I would *never* do that." 

The prosecutor had never looked so confused. Larry was handing him a slam dunk case, but the irritation he provoked made it seem like he was still in control of everything. Joel stood up after the prosecutor was done. It was his turn now.

"Mister Graham," said Joel, "what is your field of expertise?"

"I have a few. Genetics, computer science, electrical engineering."

"Where did you study this?"

"I didn't really go to college. I'm self-taught."

"What about school?"

Larry shook his head. "I dropped out of high school."

"Why?"

"I've never really... fit in. The whole endeavor felt like I was being brainwashed into thinking like an idiot."

"With these clearly anti-social tendencies, why did you chose to pursue something collaborative like science?"

Larry winced. "It's kind of embarrassing to admit."

The judge raised an eyebrow at him. 

"Fine," said Larry, "it's because it made me feel less lonely."

"How so?"

Larry pursed his lips, hesitating. "Look, people like me find comfort in the books of old men that are no longer alive. Adding to the totality of human knowledge is my way of passing on the torch for others down the line who might feel the same way."

"Are there any areas where your inventions have helped society?"

Larry nodded. "The current power grid was upgraded thanks to my schematics. There's also the fact that I can clone organs for transplant with a higher success rate than 'real' ones."

Joel sat down and took a big gulp of water after finishing. The jurors were looking at Larry in a new light. The prosecutor wasn't finished, though. He took over the floor when the judged asked if he was done, saying:

"I have to apologize, Mister Graham."

"Good," said Larry, "that's exactly what I want."

"Yes, it seems you've contributed more than I assumed. How exactly did our power grid get based on your schematics?"

Larry swallowed. "When the government stole them from me."

"Right, which happened after you... drained all the power in the region with your contraption. Would it not be more accurate to say that the power grid was upgraded *because* of your invention; not thanks to it?"

"I drove progress. That's how it always works."

"And why did you need so much power at the time?"

Larry lowered his voice. "For my first cloning experiment..."

"Ahh yes, the cloning experiments. Are you a certified surgeon?"

"No."

"How do you know your cloned organs are good for transplants?"

"I had a guy that did it..."

"Is *he* a certified surgeon?"

"I never asked."

A lady in the jury widened her eyes, appalled. Her peers didn't look convinced, either. The prosecutor shook his head with a dry chuckle. Joel couldn't make eye contact with anyone. The shame filled him with dread. The prosecutor then said:

"This leads me to my final line of questioning. Why did you take so long to surrender the city?"

Larry stayed quiet. 

"Mister Graham," said the judge, "please answer the question."

Larry sighed. "Because I thought they were better off under my care."

"You mean you actually thought they would be happier being ruled by a lunatic?"

"I wasn't ruling them!"

"You were about to."

"That's what you want to believe."

"Then why did you march into Xeistoria with an 'evil army'?"

"Because if being 'good' means siding with child-abusive jerks like Ultraman, who everyone seems to tolerate, then I'd rather be called evil. The only reason this trial is taking place is because idiots like you feel threatened when I march to the beat of my own drum."

"Your honor, the witness is hostile."

"Then jail me! I don't give a fuck! I *want* to be prosecuted. That way, every single assumption I've had will be confirmed, and the real message will be sent."

"W-what message?"

"That people like me shouldn't bother helping anyone else because, even after repelling an alien invasion and despite never hurting another person, I'm still going to always be labeled a freak. Actually, I'd like to make a correction. I said before that I wasn't sure if fighting the aliens was a mistake. Now I'm pretty fucking certain I made the wrong call. You assholes deserve extinction."

Larry was taken away in the middle of his rant. The judge found him in contempt of the court after he spat on the bailiff. It would be a week before they reconvened. Joel avoided the press when leaving the courthouse. Usually, a defense lawyer needs to separate his personal beliefs from their work. This case, however, left him unable to sleep at night. He couldn't really tell if helping his friend was the right thing. On the one hand, Larry was a maladjusted curmudgeon, sure, and his antics needed to be kept in check, but he didn't deserve to be ostracized for his behavior. Whatever the right answer was, Joel knew one thing was certain: this was going to be a long trial.I wasn’t angry anymore. Maybe I overreacted when I first saw the note, but I wasn’t going to let it influence my mood any longer. So what if someone wants to blackmail me? It’s a fixable problem. All I have to do is destroy any evidence they have, move on with my life, and be more careful next time. 

Lain already told me the who, the what, the how, and the why of the situation, so I already knew what to do. Any further rage would be pointless on my part, since it would only be directed at me and no one else. It was my mistake that got me into this mess. The person trying to manipulate me here is only doing what’s rational to her own interests; I can’t blame her for that. By that same line of reasoning though, she also can’t blame me if I broke into her home and deleted everything she has on me in her computer. Sure, I’d be breaking a few laws if I got caught, but it’s fair, right?

It was night now. It hadn’t stopped raining, so it was pretty cold outside. I wasn’t about to sit on my ass knowing that someone had discovered me, though. That just wasn’t an option. After a few hours of planning, I left my apartment to correct my mistake. 

Jessica Illus. Age twenty. An undergraduate Political Science major with a minor in journalism. She’s obsessed with anime, writing for the university’s newspaper, and going out to drink whenever her friend forces her to. She’s at the top of her class, she’s incredibly stubborn, and she has a tendency to manipulate others into doing her will. In hindsight, that last one was pretty obvious, but it was good to have it confirmed by Lain anyways. 

I knew who I was dealing with now. I knew her schedule, I know where she lives, I even knew she wrote shitty Naruto fanfiction despite her not sharing it with anyone. I shuddered as I walked. The extent of Lain’s knowledge can be scary sometimes. 

I stopped in front of the house she’s renting, on the other side of the street. It was a one-floor home, with a small garden and two garage doors out front. Nothing really fancy, but it looked cozy and well kept. I already knew the layout inside. Three bedrooms, a kitchen that opened up to a living room, and two bathrooms. 

My plan was simple. I would knock on the door, ask Jessica’s roommate to let me inside, and sneak into Jessica’s room to delete my files. I already knew she wouldn’t be home for a while. Plenty of time to get in and out. She didn’t have any other copies, so if I succeeded here, I’d be completely free of her grasp. 

I made my way to the front porch and knocked on the door. Nor response. I waited a few seconds, shivering from the cold. The rain was still pouring pretty harshly on me, but I wasn’t worried. This would just make the roommate pity me more. 

The door opened. A warm, inviting light shone on my face, and then a short woman stepped in front of it. She looked… unique. She had a pixie haircut, faded at the sides, with the tips of her blue hair dyed neon-purple. 

Since she was about a foot shorter than me, she had to look upwards to inspect my face. She looked cute, but her stare was legitimately intimidating. It was like I had just woken up a grumpy cat, like she was just waiting for me to utter a word so she could tell me to fuck off and go back to sleep. It made sense, considering the clothes she wore. Yellow pajama pants with a white tank top. She was probably napping when I banged on her door. We shared an awkward silence for what felt like an eternity, letting the background rain fill the void. I then realized she was waiting for me to speak, so I said:

“Umm… Hi. You’re Jessica’s roommate, right?”

“Yes.” She narrowed her eyes. “Do I know you?”

“N-no, I’m just… Look, can I be honest with you?”

“You might as well…”

“Your roommate’s working on a story she really cares about and she’s… blackmailing me. She made me come here tonight, but then she told me to wait because she was busy with a meeting. Could I like, wait inside?” I looked at the sky and then back at her. “I’m freezing here. I hope it’s not much of a bother.”

“Oh god, not again.” Her expression lightened. “She’s always getting people involved in her little plots. Let me…” She took a few steps backwards with a concerned look. “Just stay there for a moment. I’ll got get a towel so you don't get everything wet. I’ll be quick!” 

The roommate walked away with a brisk pace, turning a corner down the short hall. I sighed in relief. Step one complete. Everything’s gonna go fine. My shoulders tensed up. What if the roommate is contacting Jessica right now? This is a huge mistake. I needed to run away before things went wrong. I turned around, but stopped myself from leaving. I was acting like a bitch. I knew what I was getting myself into when I made this plan. It was foolproof. The likelihood of failure is very low, but my heart kept pounding loudly all the same. No, I had to do this. 

A few seconds later, the roommate showed up with a thick blue towel. She gave it to me and smiled, leading me into their living room after I dried myself.

The living room was very spacious. A brown couch stood in front of their flat-screen television, a bass guitar laid on a corner connected to an amplifier, and a big dinner table filled up the rest of the place, covered with miscellaneous things. It looked like they never actually ate dinner there; it was just there to leave papers, backpacks, and books on it. 

I settled myself into the couch, hearing the roommate say:

“I’m Amy, by the way. Do you want anything to drink? I was just about to brew some hot tea.”

“That’d be great, actually. What kind?”

“It’s green tea.” Amy walked into the kitchen. “It’s a lemon blend, do you mind that?”

“Nah it’s fine. Thanks!”

Amy poured some water into the brewer, clicked it into its electrical stand, and turned it on. She then sat atop the the kitchen counter and said:

“So, you don’t have to answer this is if you don’t feel like it, but are you the hacker Jessica’s been obsessing over?”

“Hacker?” I said. “Nah, I’m not really good at programming or anything. Is she also stalking a hacker?”

“Yeah, apparently, she saw a cute guy the other day that turned out to be a big deal on the internet. Jessica told me he was some weird hacker guy that was messing with the government.” Amy pursed her lips. “Maybe I said too much.”

I shrugged. “It’s cool. I don’t really care about what else she’s doing. I just want to get her out of my life as soon as possible.”

Amy snickered. I raised an eyebrow, prompting Amy to say:

“I’m sorry, it’s just funny. You’re the third person I’ve heard saying that about Jessica.”

I swallowed down my nervousness into a soft smile. “So… this is something she usually does?”

“Oh yeah, definitely.” Amy widened her eyes with mild panic. “Don’t worry, though! If you just do as she says, she’ll deliver on her end of the bargain and give you everything she has on you. I’ve never seen her screw someone over. She sees it as dishonorable.”

“That’s a… pretty skewed view on honor.”

Amy giggled. “Yeah, she has her own internal logic. I never know what’s going through her head. I wouldn’t want to double-cross her, though. She can get pretty scary.”

“Really? How?”

“Oh, this one time, she found out a professor was cheating on his wife and failing any students that didn’t sleep with him. After taking some… compromising photos, she met with him and told him to stop, or else.”

“How noble of her…”

“Nah, she was just doing it to force him to give her an A. Everything else was a bonus for her.”

“So, I’m guessing the professor didn’t play along?”

“Yup! The fact that the professor never propositioned her had her angry, but downplaying her threat gave her a frenzy. He even laughed in her face. And, it’s weird, but I kinda get it. If you had a professor that’s sleeping with his students, but never bothered to flirt with you, you’d feel self-conscious too. Not that she’d sleep with him. She would’ve said no. But it’s the principle of the matter, you know?”

I glanced downwards and shook my head. Who the hell was this chick? It’s a good thing I’m acting this quickly. I wouldn’t want to know what she’d do to me if I let her keep her leverage. 

A high pitch noise indicated the tea was ready. Amy dropped herself from the counter and poured the boiling water into two cups. She then picked up the cups, took a couple of steps, and set the cups back down into the counter, blowing air into her hands. 

I stood up and walked towards the kitchen, saying:

“You don’t have to bring it to me, I’m fine drinking it here.”

“Ahh thanks. These cups freaking suck. I was getting burned by just holding them.”

“I get it.” I grabbed the cup and dunked my teabag. “It smells really nice, thank you. So, what did Jessica do to the professor?”

"Oh, right, that was the best part! She waited until it was the professor's birthday for her revenge. He had a really fancy dinner party with lots of important guests, so Jessica got her hands on a waiter's dress and blended into the party as part of the help."

"Wow..."

"It gets worse. I guess they had a heartwarming slideshow of the professor's life or something, you know, like with his family on vacation and stuff, and, somehow, Jessica convinced the guy running it to go away for a while. She then inserted every photo she had of the professor mid-coitus into the presentation. She even placed them near the end, made them progressively worse, then showed him on his wedding day with his soon-to-be ex-wife, and ended the slide show with a picture of him getting pegged."

"Is... is she a sociopath?"

"I don't think so. She’s actually a really nice and caring person. She just finds a lot of pride in revenge." Amy looked thoughtful for a second. "I mean, she laughed pretty hard about everyone in the room going nuts, but I would’ve too. She’d never do that to someone undeserving of it"

I nodded. "Yeah, I guess it’s funny, in a slightly evil, absurd kind of way."

After waiting for it to cool it down, I finished my drink and handed the empty cup to Amy. I felt like I was wasting time here, but I knew I was still safe. Jessica wouldn’t be here for more than an hour. I needed an excuse. Something that would let me sneak off into her room. 

Amy kept drinking her tea and doing small talk with me. She was a very good hostess. I’m usually a pretty distant guy, but she managed to get a pleasant conversation out of me for a while. It wasn’t until fifteen minutes later that I realized how horrible this was for the plan. She just wouldn’t stop talking.

The bathroom. That was my excuse. I sighed, gave Amy a sheepish look, and said: 

“Hey, sorry to interrupt, but could you tell me where the bathroom is?”

“Sure! It’s down that hall, second door on the right.”

“Thanks!”

Amy smiled and I left the kitchen. I then entered the bathroom, locked the door, and flipped the lights on. It was a weird room. You could tell it was a woman’s bathroom. A couple of used pads were on the trash can and there were tons of pins scattered throughout the sink. Even the shower curtain had a cutesy floral pattern on it. I shook my head. I was getting distracted. I probably didn’t have much time before Amy started wondering where I was. I pulled out my phone and texted Lain:

*“Which one is Jessica’s room?”*

*“Last door on the left.”*

*“Is Jessica still on schedule?”*

*“No.”*

I frowned. *“Is she coming back here?”*

*“Yes.”*

*“Why? Did Amy contact her?”*

*“Yes. She did it a few seconds after you left for the bathroom.”*

I bit my lower lip. I had to work faster now. Something was strange, though. I never told Amy my name, but I wouldn’t put it past this Jessica to assume it’s me. If Jessica knew I was here, why didn’t she tell Amy to kick me out? I then wrote:

*“Does Amy know I lied to her about why I’m here?”*

*“No.”*

*“So Jessica just went along with what Amy said?”*

*“Correct.”*

*“How long does Google estimate Jessica will take to reach here?”*

*“Twenty minutes.”*

I locked my phone and smirked. Lain couldn’t tell me how long Jessica would take, or give me her own estimate, since traffic involves a lot of choices. Google already had that estimate though, and Lain know’s Jessica’s location, so I can still find out how long she would take, more or less. The important thing was that I had time. Not much to spare, but plenty to delete her files and get away. I don’t even care if Amy finds it weird I ran past her once I leave. As long as I achieve my goal, nothing else matters. It’s not like I would ever see her again.

I opened the bathroom door as quietly as I could. I then sneaked past the door and closed it, leaving the lights on inside. If Amy were to check on me, I wouldn’t want her to see they were turned off. 

I took a few steps down the hall. The heels of my shoes made a squeaky noise. I froze. I heard a distant laugh. The television was on. I chuckled softly and kept walking. She probably won’t hear me over the television. 

I got to Jessica’s room and slowly opened the door. It made a sharp creaking noise, louder than my shoes. I turned around, back arched with tension. Amy probably didn’t hear that one either. I didn’t close the door, though. I didn’t want it making more noise than necessary.

It was dark inside. I couldn’t risk turning on the lights in this room, so I brought out my phone to illuminate my path. There was a small desk in the corner with a closed laptop and a small pillow next to it. I opened it, pushed the power button, and nearly crapped myself when it booted up. I forgot about the short tune it played when turned on. 

A password request blinked on the screen. I then texted Lain:

*“What’s Jessica’s password?”*

*“GriffithDidEverythingWrong”*

I furrowed my brow. Weird. 

I typed in the password and entered the home screen. I couldn’t find the files, though. It wasn’t in her desktop, her documents, or downloads. I closed my eyes, feeling like an idiot. Of course she would hide them. They were probably under some inconspicuous name so that no one could find them. Well, anyone other than me. I then wrote on my phone:

*“Where are the files hidden?”*

*“A folder named ‘class field trip 06’. It’s in ‘My Pictures’.”*

I grinned and silently thanked Lain. I wasn’t sure if it would appreciate my gratitude, but since it knows everything, I figured just thanking it in my thoughts is enough for it to know. After a few clicks, I made it to my folder. My mouth gaped when I saw what she had on me. Pictures of me in the school library, with the monitor clearly showing I was logged in as Kaiser. There was even a video of me looking around and sitting in front of the computer. How did I never notice her? The folder had everything about me inside. My schedule. Where I live. What I eat. I shuddered. It felt like an incredible breach of privacy. I mean, I was doing the same to her, but she started it. I rolled my eyes. It didn’t matter anymore. I selected everything and deleted it, including the folder. 

Bullet dodged. This wasn’t my problem anymore. I closed the laptop, stood up, and heard Amy shout:

“What the hell are you doing?!?”

My eyes widened just as the lights turned on. 

I turned around and said:

“It doesn’t matter anymore! I’ve already won!”

“I knew it! You were the hacker! You lied to me, you jerk!”

“What? No!”

“Then why were you messing with Jessica’s computer? How did you even know this was her room?!?”

“Look, I realize this doesn’t look good for me, but I’m not a fucking hacktivist! I was telling you the truth! I’ll just leave, okay? I’m sorry I bothered you.”

“Oh hell no, you’re not going anywhere until Jessica gets here.”

I narrowed my eyes. “Or what?”

“Or I’ll knock you on the floor, foaming at the mouth.” Amy brandished an intimidating taser, activating it a few times to demonstrate it worked. “We’re gonna sit here, and wait ‘till Jessica arrives, understood?”

I looked at the taser, then back at Amy. I wasn’t about to give up now. I could handle taser wound. In fact, I would rather get shocked by Amy and get away than stay here and wait for Jessica. 

“Okay, okay” I said, leaning back on the desk. “I know when I’m beat.” I gestured with my left hand, gripping the small pillow with my right. “There’s no need for violence here.”

Amy relaxed. "Good. For a moment there, I thought you'd-"

I hurled the pillow at her face.

Amy fumbled and I sprinted for the door.

Amy swung her taser around blindly, towards me.

I dodged it. 

I cackled as I ran down the hallway. I made it. This was a success. 

I then entered the living room and turned a corner, crashing into someone I couldn’t see. 

I lost my balance, falling on the floor. 

An attractive girl with waist-long red hair stood over me. At first she looked confused, but after a few seconds she seemed to recognize my face. 

Amy then caught up and said:

“Come here you asshole! You’re not getting away!”

Amy lunged at me and shocked me in the neck. It burned and itched at the same time, forcing all of my muscles to spasm uncontrollably. Everything then went dark for me. 

I was knocked out.
 


--------------------------------
--------------------------------

>Dean Fisher’s waiting room was slowly becoming one of my least favorite places on Earth. The incessant lightbulb that always buzzed was louder than ever before and, somehow, the room’s thermostat never settled on a single temperature, always shifting between too warm or too cold. The secretary turned a page on her newspaper, making her gold bracelets jingle. Mildly annoying. Those bracelets reminded me of her presence every time she made a slight movement. They had tons of scratches, which I assumed were from all the times they clashed against each other like that, but she didn’t seem to care. Her attention never wavered from the newspaper in front of her. The Xeistoria Post. She seemed absorbed by the crossword puzzle on the back. It reminded me of Jessica. I wonder how she’s doing... 

The secretary raised her gaze at me. I looked away. Great, she probably thought I was staring at her. How did she even realize I was looking her way? 

Oh, right. I swallowed. I kept forgetting I couldn’t lower my guard around her. Her mere presence was imposing, even if she never spoke a word. What she lacked in height she made up for with stoutness and silent composure. This woman was no ordinary secretary. 

I chuckled softly. I didn’t even need Lain to know she was an esper. Once I discovered Dean Fisher was one too, everything fell into place for me with a little digging around. The reason she could get away with doing whatever she wanted was because she was both a former dean and a retired government asset from back in the days of the cold war, which I recently discovered had an entirely hidden side to it involving the use psychic powers. This made Miss Margaret, and not to forget Dean Fisher, incredibly dangerous people to be around, since all espers were highly sensitive to emotions. Now that I was being suspected of, at the very least, being connected to Kaiser, a single incorrect emotional response from me could betray my true identity to them. 

I contemplated the fake-plant on the other side of the room to get her out of my peripheral vision. Bleh. The leaves were too shiny and the flowers looked like ugly clumps of yellow and purple plastic. Ugly, steril, and unnatural. I never understood why people bought those. They worked less like furniture and more like an admission of laziness, like whoever decorated this room wanted to make it feel more alive, but couldn’t be bothered with the maintenance of an actual plant, which ironically enough killed the room even more. I narrowed my eyes. Why was I criticizing the furniture? I groaned. I was working myself into a bad mood for no reason. Yeah, these meetings with Dean Fisher were quite literally the most stressful part of my week now but, considering everything I went through, things couldn’t really be going that badly if *this* was the worst of it. 

At the moment, Lucas was in there with Fisher, tying up some loose ends he had to finish before leaving everything to me. Today was his last day as president. He would still be around to help me during the transition, but he wouldn’t be working in an official capacity anymore. We were dealing mostly with the PR disaster immediately following the election and budget issues concerning the aftermath of the second debate, in particular the financial burden of repairing the building I blew up. Some of the statues that decorated the roof were over a hundred years old and a lot of teaching supplies, like beakers and chemicals, were lost in the wreckage. 

Thankfully, none of the blame landed on me. And the architecture was ugly anyways, so I technically did the university a favor by destroying it. We were getting a more aesthetically pleasing building now, with a functional elevator and reliable wifi. I honestly couldn’t complain about how everything worked out.

Sure, the university had to be closed for a week after the election, but life felt normal again once classes resumed, even if ongoing repairs made it troublesome to navigate the campus. Everything was good, in a way. No huge setbacks on my path towards world domination, no packs of unhinged feminists (or espers) had attacked me yet, and, most important of all, I hadn’t heard Emily’s voice ever since that day. I was even attending all of my courses again. Yes, Lain made my tests so easy I never had to study for them, but I needed some sort of normalcy in my life after everything I experienced. My free time was now consumed by running the Kaiser blog, working with Lucas to learn as much as I could about my new role, and figuring out ways to avoid getting high. That last one was actually why I decided to go back to my classes. Being alone in my apartment only exacerbated my weed cravings, so going out and doing a small amount of socializing, even if only in a classroom, was probably the most beneficial thing I could do for my mental health. 

At first, I was hesitant to just return like nothing happened. I hadn’t gone to some of these courses in months so, even though I had high grades in all of them, people were surprised when I randomly showed up half-way through the semester. This was, obviously, because my reputation wasn’t the same as it used to be. Before Jessica dragged me into this mess, I never stood out too much in a classroom. Now, I couldn’t even sigh without someone making a passive-aggressive comment about me. And those were just the people who didn’t like me. The ones who *did* like me were even worse. They always looked at me with eager anticipation whenever a sensitive topic came up, like they expected me to say something offensive for their own amusement. 

I sighed. Clearly, I still felt bitter. If people were more vocal of their support for me during the election, I wouldn’t be as reluctant to act more friendly, but when my reputation was being dragged through the mud, nobody had the courage to defend me in public. They just kept it to themselves. Now that I was president, people were crawling from out of the woodwork to proclaim they were with me all along, which obviously wasn’t the case. 

My bad hand flared with pain. 

I clutched my wrist until the throbbing ceased. Whatever. Bandwagoners were an inevitable part of being a leader and holding on to my resentment would only alienate potential allies. Just another complex I have to deal with. 

The old secretary set down her pen and said:

“You probably won’t hear this a lot, but you did good, kid.”

I furrowed my brow. This was the first time she ever directed a word at me. “In what way?”

The secretary held up her newspaper, pointing at the front cover. “My boys won the championship.”

“Oh. Cool! I knew the finals were this weekend, but I forgot to watch the game.” I squinted. “Wait. Are you a big fan?”

“I’m their coach. Of course I’m a big fan.”

I blinked. “You’re shitting me.”

The secretary frowned. “Problem?”

“N-no. I’m good. Just wondering what I had to do with this.”

“Blake told me that you were the one responsible for uniting the team.”

“I can hardly take credit for that. They’ve been training for this all year long.”

“You’re right in that it’s *their* victory, not yours, but some people just can’t operate well under pressure until they’ve experienced it in a real-world setting. You were a useful catalyst for their transformation. Compared to what they went through, the playoffs were a walk in the park.”

“I tricked them into risking their lives.”

“So?”

“I shouldn’t be praised for that.”

“That doesn’t change the fact that very few people would have succeeded in your shoes.” The secretary opened the newspaper again, leaning back on her chair. “Whether it was by luck or skill, that's up to you to decide. Still, it seems that the one most bothered by your methods is you.”

I was taken aback for a moment. She wasn’t wrong. No one gave me any shit for my scheming after everything was said and done. Only me. But then again… “The fact that the situation degenerated that far means that I didn’t do a good enough job to end it peacefully. Or, to be more specific, I’m concerned with the fact that I didn’t even try until it was too late.”

“Dumbass” she spat out. 

“Eh?”

“You remind me of someone I knew...”

“That’s nice.”

“...a well-intentioned dumbass with a messiah complex. Ended up pushing away everyone who ever bothered to care about him after a certain… event.”

I frowned. “I fail to see how that’s relevant.”

“I’m warning you so you don’t make the same mistake. You can’t walk through life thinking you can solve every problem you face with level-headed discussions and good intentions.” Her face tightened up, lowering her voice with an undertone of bitterness. “Failure isn’t something you can avoid for long; it always hits when you least expect it. And you can’t keep torturing yourself everytime you don’t meet your own ridiculous standards. If you keep that up, you won’t survive when the inevitable happens.”

I swallowed. “The inevitable?”

“Things go wrong. They always do, and you don’t get to decide how or when it happens. Eventually, you’ll bump into a roadblock bigger than your desire for peace and you’ll fail horribly no matter what decision you make. Don’t try to change the world if you can’t handle that fact.”

“Who said I’m trying to change the world?”

The secretary scowled over her newspaper, staring at me. “You’re not?”

“W-well…”

“Then for now, you should stop downplaying your victory. Nobody likes a needy, insecure winner. And considering what you were up against…”

I raised an eyebrow.

Margaret cleared her throat. “...whatever it was that you were up against, well, the odds were never in your favor in the first place. You had to do something to even the playing the field. And really,” she glanced at Dean Fisher’s office, “I’ve heard worse.”

“I’ll… take your word for it.”

Our conversation ended there. Margaret didn’t look interested in elaborating further. She just sunk her head behind the newspaper again. Despite my outer stillness, her words shook me harder than I expected. She was wrong, though. I already faced and overcame that roadblock. 

Lucas walked out of the office a few minutes later. He smiled and nodded at me before I shook his hand and walked towards the dean’s office. We both knew we would see each other again later so we didn’t interact much in our brief exchange. I froze in front of the door. I always needed to steel myself before entering this office. One poor choice of words, a random spike of emotion at the wrong time, or any other screw up on my part could destroy everything I’ve worked for so far.

After I closed the door behind me, I stopped in my tracks out of brief shock. Fisher sulked behind his desk with his head tilted downwards, showing a particular type of vulnerability that I’d never seen in him before. Hesitant. Worried. I greeted him and Fisher returned it in kind with a meek smile. He then stood up and motioned me towards a globe in the corner of the room. When he reached it, he said:

“Emmett, I’d like to offer you a drink before we discuss this.”

“Is… is it that bad?”

“This is a conversation that’s been long overdue. While you’re not in any immediate danger, I think you’re still going to want a drink by the end of it.”

I nodded. “Fine.”

It wasn’t fine. In fact, it was the opposite of fine, but I couldn’t do anything about it. This could be about a million different things and I couldn’t begin to imagine what it was. Fisher slid open the upper hemisphere of the globe, revealing a minibar with some chilled glasses, ice cubes, and old scotch inside. My heart accelerated just a tiny bit. I couldn’t risk incriminating myself, so I had to play along. Fisher handed me my drink, poured one for himself, and said:

“You’re really tense over there. Relax. It’s not as bad as whatever you’re thinking.” He raised his glass. “Cheers.”

I mirrored him and took a swig. 

I almost spat it out immediately, but forced myself to swallow. There wasn’t even ice in it. I frowned. Why would he have ice in his minibar if he wasn’t going to use it? Fisher was almost at his desk when I raised my head. He had already finished his drink. 

I shook my head and followed before I sat across from him. My glass was half-empty so I placed it on the edge of the desk. Fisher then said:

“I’ll just cut right to the chase. After carefully analysing your head scans, the data showed that the errant has forcibly rearranged your neural synapses to keep itself alive in your head.”

“So there’s no way of getting her out?”

“Unfortunately, no. It really knew what it was doing when it did this to you. The synapses that it tied itself to are also responsible for some vital body functions. We could eliminate those neural patterns, but we’d be leaving you a vegetable.”

I hunched forward, faking concern. “Then… I’m a ticking time bomb, aren’t I?”

“That… hasn’t been determined yet.” Fisher pursed his lips and exhaled loudly. “I have to ask. There’s no footage or image of the errant, only Tiffany’s testimony. Would you mind telling me who it was?”

“Yes, I would.”

“Right. Well, it was worth a shot. I only ask because this is almost unprecedented. Errants are typically concepts or unaddressed emotions, so whenever one manifests itself physically, they take on strange appearances that normally aren’t even that human looking. For one to take on the identity of an actual person… It’s just so rare. Especially since this wasn’t a collective emergence. The errant only needed you to give it form. Whoever it was, the idea of them must’ve been so firmly ingrained in your head that it became self-aware on its own. I can’t even begin to imagine what triggered it, or what sort of person they were. Tiffany’s energy was enough to let it manifest, but it couldn’t be responsible for creating the errant. Usually, you’d need a world-shattering realization, something about the fundamental nature of reality or of similar magnitude, to get this result. Tell me, in the past few months, have you discovered any ugly truths about yourself? Been on any psychedelic drug trips before or after an intense bout of emotional despair? Or… suffered migraines after getting distressing news?”

I looked away. “N-not exactly, but some things are starting to make sense now.” 

“Can you elaborate?”

“I’d need around the length of a novel. Do you really care that much?”

“Emmett… there’s something you need to understand. This is my job. Universities are places where ideas are cultivated and shared. Not only does this make them the perfect breeding ground for errants, it also attracts the kind of people who, whether they’re aware of it or not, are highly sensitive to the influence of these concepts. My duty is to foster an environment where people can be educated to empower themselves, so that students can view this sensitivity as a powerful tool and not a hindrance. Unfortunately, this sensitivity can be easily exploited by-”

“Oh come on,” I moaned, “you’re full of crap!”

Fisher glared. “Come again?”

“Just… save the speech for someone else. If I’m under no obligation to talk about this, I’d rather move past it as fast as possible.”

“I take my job very seriously, Emmett. Don’t make light of my duty.”

“If you’re so worried about protecting students, why are Rose, Claire, and Adam going to jail?”

Fisher tightened his face. “Emmett, too many people saw their criminal behavior. It’s not as simple as-“

“Yes, it is. Tiffany’s being protected because she’s a valuable asset, and someone has to take the fall here. It’s bullshit. You know they were under Tiffany’s hypnosis. They aren’t responsible-“

“They *are* responsible for their moral codes. While it’s unfortunate, my hand are tied on the matter. I recommend you know your place and keep your head down. It isn’t your place to comment on this.”

“I know you’re the one that convinced Jessica to mess with the election. As far as I’m concerned, you’re even more responsible for this than me.”

Fisher made a strange smirk. “Interesting. I’m sure Miss Illus didn’t tell you that. How did you stumble upon that bit of trivia?”

“It’s called genre savviness” I lied. “As soon as we started working together, you immediately dived into dismantling the XSMG. You never questioned me, almost like it was your objective the whole time, which was exactly what Jessica was promised in exchange for finding a candidate. You were the only one who fit so it had to be you.”

Fisher let out a dry chuckle. “Yes, of course, genre savviness.” He shook his head. “I’ve been trying to play nice this entire month and you keep pushing my buttons when you really shouldn’t.” His eyes shimmered crimson. “I even wonder if you’re doing it on purpose, so let’s just put our cards on the table, shall we?”

A strange sensation shot through my torso. My throat locked up.

I couldn’t move. 

No. Please no. Not again. 

I started to sweat. My heart wanted to burst out of my chest. Fisher craned his head forward, resting his jaw on the palm of his hand and saying:

“In her testimony, Tiffany mentioned that you already knew about her abilities. Originally, I just assumed that Kaiser had leaked that information to give you an upper hand, but then another interesting fact came up. Tiffany reported that when pressed to answer who told you, you didn’t say Kaiser. You said… Lain. And now I can’t help but wonder if the errant that conveniently saved you wouldn't happen to be the same entity that informed you of Tiffany’s powers. You can talk again. Use that freedom wisely.”

“If you’re implying that the errant is Lain...”

“No Emmett, I’m saying that something isn’t adding up here. The only ones who knew about Tiffany’s powers were a select group of people and… well, Kaiser, because he or she seems to possess an esper ability, or an errant, that allows them to know a disturbing amount of confidential information. Now, if I were in charge of hunting him or her down, it wouldn’t take me long to realize what your answer says about you...”

“I…”

“...but thankfully it’s none of my business.”

The energy possessing me dissipated. 

“Uh...”

“I’m not a government agent. Well, at least not in the law enforcement sense. It’s well within my power to edit Tiffany’s report and omit any troublesome facts.”

I blinked. “You’re shitting me.”

“I’m not. However, there’s a bit of a catch.”

“Of course.”

“Tiffany needs to be on board with it.”

My face fell. 

Fisher gestured at me. “Don’t get discouraged. After a long discussion, I got her to agree, but… with a few terms.”

“What? But how can we trust her?”

“You’re not the only one who wants that report edited. Tiffany isn’t proud about what happened either.”

I rolled my eyes. “I’m sure she’ll get over it. What are her terms?”

“There’s only one thing you need to do. Get Miss Illus to stop her smear campaign.”

I started scratching the back of my head. “Oh…”

“Emmett…”

“Look dean, there’s something you need to understand. There’s only two things Jessica values more than anything else in the world: otaku culture and getting revenge. She’s not going to just drop it if I ask her nicely. And forcing her to stop would only cause more problems than it’s worth.”

“Tiffany won’t budge on this one thing. It’s non-negotiable. And to be honest, I actually agree with her on this matter. Miss Illus has taken this to absurd lengths. She literally hasn’t missed an opportunity to sling mud for the past month and a half.”

“It’s not that bad.”

“Some say it’s all the paper is publishing these days.”

“Wasn’t today’s front cover about the Lions winning the championship?”

Fisher sighed, rubbing his temples. “And every answer to this issue’s crossword puzzle is also a thinly veiled insult at Tiffany and her supporters.” He showed me a half-finished puzzle on his copy of the newspaper. “It’s surprisingly difficult, too.”

I slumped forward. “I guess I have no choice, huh?”

“I won’t spell it out, but I’m sure you’re well aware of what’s at stake for you.”

“Fine, I’ll see what I can do. We done here?”

“Not quite. We still have two items left in our agenda. About the student you warned me about…”

“Aaron?”

“Yes, we’ve caught him sneaking into the club room again. It’s the third time.”

“Can we expel him yet?”

Fisher gave me a weary look. “We’ve been over this.”

“I know, but it won’t stop me from hoping you’ll say yes one day.” My bad wrist flared up again so I started massaging it. “I mean, what else can we do?”

“Mediate the situation?”

“Oh. Right.” A weird pressure surged on the back of my skull. “I’m not doing that.”

Fisher glared. “I’ll remind you that the first thing you told me after becoming president was that you would actually take the job seriously.”

“I know, I know, but…”

“No buts. I already informed Lucas.”

The weird pressure developed into a small headache.

“Are you still doing some weird esper shit to me?”

Fisher wrinkled his face. “What? No.”

It grew into a searing migraine.

I stood up, leaning on the desk. “FOR FUCKS SAKE I’LL DO IT JUST STOP .”

Fisher widened his eyes. “This isn’t me!”

I blinked. “You’re shitting me!”

Tiffany cackled. We were in the lab again.

My jaw dropped.

“I can keep this up forever, Emmett.” 

“Fuck off!”

“Just give up. Winning this election isn’t worth an eternity of torture.”

I barely had the sense of mind to speak. “No.”

Tiffany put the palm of her hand over my mouth and squeezed, burning my mouth with several weird, piercing sensations. “You’ll always convince yourself it’s real this time and it’ll only keep getting more tragic the further you go.” She moved her hand, revealing my mouth had been sewn shut. 

My torso began to throb and inflate. All I could do was channel my energy into muffled screams. Tiffany took a step back, smirking. 

A lump of my flesh twisted out of my stomach, morphing into a dozen vaguely human faces that wailed and moaned with an unbearable screech. I tried to move despite the futility. It only made the heads more violent. They multiplied and crawled over my throat, my jaw, and forehead, gnawing at my skin like living warts from an infectious disease. 

“JUST GIVE UP” chanted the heads, over and over again.

I closed my eyes. 

“Fine” said Tiffany. “Maybe you’ll change your mind after you stew in there a little bit more.”

She snapped her fingers.

I woke up short of breath. I was in Fisher’s office again, on the floor, and he was kneeling beside me.

“How...?”

“I was about to rush you to a facility. Emmett, are you okay?”

“I…” My hands wouldn’t stop shaking. “Can I have my drink?”

Fisher grabbed my glass from the edge of his desk and gave it to me with a solemn expression on his face. “This is worse than I thought. We can’t just ignore this. Which leads me into the final item in our agenda…”Everyone dies. That was a lesson Joseph had learned from a young age. Crying after his parents and sister on that fateful day, begging them not to go away and being ignored, hearing the news of their accident with little surprise, these were the images that came up in his mind whenever he thought of his ability.   For the most part, he learned to ignore the floating letters whenever he could. Knowing how someone is going to die isn't really useful if you can't do anything about it. In fact, he couldn't remember a single time where he could change it. He can't cure cancer. He can't prevent aging. He can't force people to change their plans. 


Still, Joseph couldn't help but feel shocked when he entered Lone Pine Mall with his friends. *"Nerve Gas"*. That's what floated over everyone's head. Hundreds of people walking the halls without a care in the world, their inevitable fate looming over them in deep scarlet. Joseph froze in place the second he realized what was happening, worrying his friends when they saw his pale face.

"Umm... Joseph?" said Melissa. "You alright there? You look like you've seen a ghost."

"Yeah," said Drew, "did you skip lunch or something?"

Joseph's legs trembled slightly, but he managed to keep it hidden from them. Scratching his shaggy brown hair, he smiled weakly and said:

"Oh, it's nothing. I just remembered I have to buy something. Don't mind me! Let's keep moving."

Joseph had just witnessed something that he'd never seen before. Melissa and Drew's fates had just shifted in front of him, blurring from the original causes they usually had into the one of everyone else in the mall. To Joseph, it felt incredibly eerie watching it morph into that, but it confirmed something he had long suspected. 

*"Fate can be changed"* thought Joseph. *"Their causes of death can change, so that means their future isn't fixed yet. It's just the ending they'll face if they keep walking the path they're in."*

The busy murmurs of the crowd blended into an unrecognizable blob of noise as Joseph walked along side his friends. His mind was busy racing on what he could possibly do. He could just leave now. Come up with an excuse and run away from the mall as fast as he could. 

*"No!"* Joseph quickly shook his head sideways. *"I'm not gonna run away. If I die here, so be it. I'm probably the only person around that can do anything to stop this, and I won't be able to live with myself if I just give up... Never again."*

Gripping his fist tightly, Joseph stopped walking and told his friends he would meet up with them later. As he went to the security booth, his limbs got tenser while stepping on the green tiles. The letters above everyone he passed got darker the more minutes passed by. This was a bad sign, a part of his ability he'd only seen once before. The closer someone was to their death, the deeper in color their letters got. There was still time, but he had to hurry if he hoped to change anything.

Joseph pounded on the booth's door and said:

"Please, it's an emergency! I need your help!"

A mustachioed man with a rounded belly opened the door. His white uniform was stained with marinara sauce and his face wore a scowl that screamed *'What now?'*. Inside, there was a younger man with darker skin, sporting a sheepish look on his face. The older security guard cleared his throat and said:

"What seems to be the problem, young man?"

"Look, I know this is out of the blue, but you have to evacuate everyone in this building!"

The man widened his eyes in amusement, let out a chuckle, and said:

"I don't know what you kids are thinking these days, but these pranks are getting a bit out of hand. Go away kid, you're wasting our time."

The guard grabbed the door, but before it close, Joseph stuck his foot inside and shouted:

"You're killing everyone here if you ignore me! People will *die* if you don't listen!"

Pushing Joseph away by leaning his hand on the teenager's chest, the guard shrugged and closed the door shut. Joseph slumped with worry, desperately running his hands through his hair. Pacing back and forth, the teenager started freaking out when he suddenly felt a hand on his shoulder. Joseph turned around and saw it was the same dark skinned guy from the booth. The young guard smiled and said:

"Don't worry kid, I can help you!" He gave Joseph a thumbs up. "Officer Wilfery is on the case!" 

--------------------------

The backrooms of the mall were a lot more eerie than Joseph could have imagined. The hallways were poorly lit by lamps that flickered with a perpetual buzz. Drops of water from leaky pipes echoed throughout, complimented scratches and chitters that Joseph assumed came from rats. Following the security guard through this corridor, Joseph could not stop wondering why this cheerful man decided to help him. It wasn't that he didn't appreciate the assistance, it's just that it was very odd how the man took everything he said about the nerve gas at face value. He didn't even ask how Joseph knew about it! Unable to hold back his curiosity, Joseph hesitated for a second, but said:

"So... uhh... Officer Wilfery, please don't take this the wrong way, but why did you believe me so easily?"

"To be honest, I'm not really sure." Officer Wilfery chuckled. "I guess you just looked too desperate for you to be lying. Plus, what's there to lose in checking this out?"

"I dunno..."

"Exactly! That fat bastard's just a lazy man. His job is to make sure everyone's safe here, and he didn't even care about your problem. Worse case scenario, you're just wasting my time. We get to the A/C control room and everything's normal."

"Actually," said Joseph, "in these circumstances, I think *that's* the best case scenario."

Officer Wilfery laughed and said:

"Yeah, you're right. I guess I'm just a kid inside a grown man's body."

"Really? What do you mean?"

"Well, the fact that, potentially, people's lives are at stake and I'm here hoping for a chance to show off. Save the day and stuff. I've always wanted to be a hero, ya' know? It's why I took this job, it's why I'm aiming to be a cop, and it's why I felt right in listening to you."

Joseph opened his mouth to say something, but Wilfery raised his arm to stop him in his tracks. Dragging the boy and crouching behind an empty cardboard box, the security guard looked at Joseph and whispered:

"I think you were right all along." He carefully pointed beyond the box. "The air vent system's door can only be locked from the outside, and the door's wide open. Let's move..."

Joseph nodded and silently followed him along. Stopping on the frame of the door, they looked inside the control room and saw a solitary gray-bearded man, tinkering with a canister. Leaning forward, Joseph focused on the man's cause of death. *"Heart attack"* said the letters above his head, in a light-red color. This man wasn't dying anytime soon, but maybe they could still stop him. Unfortunately, Joseph sighed and lost his balance, falling over his crouch and landing in the middle of the open door. 

The bearded man was instantly startled, turning around with a gun in his hand and saying:

"W-who are you? What are you doing here?!?"

--------------------------------------

Joseph and Officer Wilfery stood in a corner of the room with their hands raised above their heads. The terrorist had forced them to move to a corner while working on his bomb. Over a dozen air-duct gates surrounded them, opened widely to deliver the toxin. Regardless of their precarious situation, Joseph was impressed with Wilfery's deductive skills. He had assumed back when they first talked that if there would be an attack like this, the bomb would have to be placed here for maximum damage. Here, the nerve gas could spread through all of the mall in a matter of minutes. Certainly not long enough for people to evacuate. 

The deranged man had been ranting this whole time about his motives. Joseph thought he was using this as an opportunity to show off for an audience, since he probably had a message to spread and hadn't been able to say it to anyone yet. The terrorist looked upwards and said:

"And that's why this corporate system must crumble! Malls are a tumor on our society that only help the greedy pigs in suits and destroy local economies! This won't be the only place I'm bombing. After I escape from here, I'm hitting ten other malls in the span of a month. Soon, people will be too afraid to go to malls, and the system will collapse on itself!"

"It doesn't work that way!" said Wilfery. "The market will just compensate in some other way! All you're doing is being a huge inconvenience to the people you're claiming to help!"

"I didn't expect anyone to understand." The terrorist turned his attention to the bomb again. "Actions speak louder than words. You'll see, you'll all see!"

Joseph tensed up when he saw Officer Wilfery's fate change from *'Nerve Gas'* to *'Gun shot wound'* in blood-red. Before Joseph could say anything, Wilfery lunged at the distracted man and wrestled him with him briefly. The terrorist then punched Wilfery in his gut, threw him across the room from Joseph, and pointed his gun at him.

"I wanted to let you die to the nerve gas, but I guess I'll have to finish you off now."

The terrorist shot Wilfery. A small circle of blood quickly developed into a huge stain that colored the security guard's uniform. Joseph's hands started shaking. He widened his eyes and shouted "No!". The terrorist smiled, set the timer on the bomb, and activated it. Two minutes, that's all he had left. 

Joseph couldn't believe he had failed. Actually, he always thought he would fail, but couldn't accept he would be this close to change things and *still* lose. Joseph fell to his knees. Punching the floor, he let out a tear just as the terrorist approached him.

"Sorry kid, but I'm gonna have to shoot you too" said the man. "Now that I think about it, leaving you two in this room would've been dumb. I don't want you doing anything that could mess up the bomb." He aimed the gun at Joseph's head. "This is a mercy, really. Dying from nerve gas is a million times more painful than a simple gunshot."

*"No!"* thought Joseph. *"Not like this! Not this way! I... I won't give up now, there has to be a way out of this! I just know it!"*

Joseph spat on the terrorist's shoes. He then looked him in the eyes and said:

"Go ahead and pull the trigger, you coward! If you don't kill me now, you're really gonna regret it!"

The terrorist was taken aback for a moment, moving the gun away from Joseph's head out of shock. Joseph suddenly saw the words above the man's head blur into a mess. Grinning with narrowed eyes, Joseph knew he had already won. His fate now read *'Gun shot to the head'* in a deep-red, almost black, color. Before the terrorist could regain his composure, Officer Wilfery threw himself on the man's back and made him lose his balance. Joseph then immediately went for his gun, grabbed it, and aimed it at his face. 

"I'm sorry..." said Joseph. "I really hate that I'm causing a death..."

Joseph pulled the trigger and killed the terrorist. His brains splattered out of his head, painting the floor with a mixture of yellow, red, and gray flesh. The clock on the bomb showed there were sixty seconds left. Officer Wilfery barely stood up, gripping the wound on his abdomen. He then looked at Joseph and said:

"Go! You have to leave this room and lock the door!"

"B-but what about you?!?"

"I have to stay here and work the control panel to close the vents. There won't be enough time!" He coughed blood. "Go! Now!"

Joseph looked at Wilfery's fate and noticed it had changed again. This time, it read *'martyrdom'*. It seemed Wilfery had already made his decision. With a tear in his eye, Joseph nodded. Officer Wilfery smiled and gave him a thumbs up, hurrying him away. Joseph left the room, locked the door, and fell to his knees again. He then started crying after hearing the bomb explode, but had an inner resolve inside of him he had never felt before. He never thought he could make a difference in this world. That fate was a path already cemented in the narrative of human life. 

Joseph wiped away the last of his tears and stood up. Now it was different. With the knowledge that fate could be change by the decisions humans make, his ability came with a new responsibility. Yes, everyone dies, but if he could make sure that people could gain more time on this planet, then he had a duty to help as many as he can. Officer Wilfery died being what he wanted to be all along and Joseph would dedicate himself to follow his example. From now on, Joseph would be a hero.Larry, the mad genius, was sentenced to life in prison. The trial lasted for months. Apparently, saving the planet from an alien invasion didn't absolve him of his past actions. As a police squadron transported him out of the courthouse to an armored van, Larry noticed a familiar hero waiting for him inside the vehicle. She wore a weird metallic helmet that concealed everything but her copper hair and still, somehow, Larry knew the exact expression she was making. He groaned. 

"You think I'm here to humiliate you, don't you?"

Larry shrugged. Her presence wouldn't matter. The robot, a prototype he called Goliath, was already on its way to break him out. It should be capable of handling her power. 

The guards finished chaining Larry to the wall of the van. It was an impressive vehicle... for laymen. Sure, an EMP energy field rendered his nano-machines useless, the outer shell was more reinforced than a tank, and the mounted laser-turret could prove troublesome, but Goliath was more than capable of working around that. When the van started moving, Lucy sighed and said:

"I want you to know... I don't agree with the verdict."

Larry chuckled. "Then get me out of here."

"That's not how this works."

"I know. My hypothesis remains unchanged."

"Is that so?"

"Yes, you people are all talk." Larry scowled. "I can't believe I trusted you."

"You don't really mean that."

"I know exactly what I mean. This was a complete waste of time. I should've kept the city for myself."

Lucy shook her head. "You knew civilians would've been caught in the crossfire if you fought back. And, really, you're lucky Ultraman didn't kill you on the spot. You're welcome, by the way."

Larry rolled his eyes. "I didn't ask for help."

"That's what heroes are for."

"Bull-fucking-shit. The entire trial literally consisted of people doubting my motives. Under your logic, *I* would be a hero."

Lucy chortled. "That's why I disagree with the verdict."

Larry paused for a moment. She really caught him off guard there. "I don't need your disgusting pity."

"Have you considered that your tone always ruins your point?"

"What?"

"You could've walked away a free man if you hadn't antagonized the entire superhero community."

"That's exactly my point. It's all about perception; not objective reality. And, you know, I also could've walked away a free man if I simply hadn't surrendered to the authorities."

"You wouldn't have been able to do that without killing someone."

"And?"

"You've never done that before."

"I don't know what you're implying. The only reason I avoid it is because there's always a simpler solution. If I were backed into a corner..."

Lucy started laughing.

Larry frowned. "This isn't funny."

"We're alone. No cameras or recording devices. You don't need to put up an edgy routine for me."

Larry scoffed. "For *you*?"

"Yes, for me. I'm the only person here. What else could I mean?"

"R-right..."

Lucy took off the helmet. Her beauty struck him like a punch across the face. Larry had accidentally destroyed her mask a few times before in encounters across the years, so this wasn't a big reveal, but it always melted him inside just like the first time. He kept it to himself, though. A man like him didn't need companionship.

"Before you're locked away... I have to ask. Why did you never reveal my identity?"

Larry swallowed. "A sense of fair play."

"Really? You've never been above playing dirty."

"I only go as far as I need to get what I want."

Lucy glanced away, slightly disappointed. "I guess that's understandable."

"Good."

"But still..."

The van swerved erratically for a few seconds until picking up speed. The turret could be heard from outside. Larry winced. Goliath was here. Lucy ignored it for some reason. She then continued:

"...whenever you stole components in my city, the trail you left always led me to some other villain with a dangerous plot. Was that also fair play?"

Larry began to sweat. This was worse than torture. "I mean, those components tend to attract the same crowd, even if they're used for different purposes." He chuckled away his nervousness. "Y-you think you're special or something?"

Lucy shrugged. "Just thought it was curious. We always seem to bump into each other despite you always complaining about it."

The van shook again. Larry didn't even care about the rescue. The more he thought about it, the more he realized this might be the only opportunity he would have to express his feelings for her. No. That's stupid. She would just prey on his vulnerability and trick him into staying jailed. 

"You're getting rescued," said Lucy, "aren't you?"

Larry nodded. 

"I'm not letting that happen."

Larry smirked. "You'll try."

"And I'll win... unless whatever you created kills me."

Larry widened his eyes. That was a very real possibility. Goliath wasn't fine-tuned enough to only incapacitate. It would use deadly force if Larry couldn't command it on time.

"How strange" said Lucy. "You actually look concerned."

Larry glanced away. "And you actually look like you expected something else from me."

Lucy welled up with tears. "Maybe I did!"

Larry gaped his mouth. "Why... would you ever..."

The van tilted sideways, skidding on the road until crashing against something. Lucy donned her helmet again. Goliath attempted to pry open the vehicle through brute force. The van's doors endured repeated attacks, but strained under pressure. Eventually, Goliath ripped them apart. 

Lucy struck the robot away with her telekinesis. 

Goliath landed on the other side of the highway because of the impact, but stood up without any visible damage. Citizens screamed in the background, running out of their cars. Lucy stepped out of the van and used her power to wrap a lamppost around the robot. Goliath broke out of the restraint with a simple flex. It then transformed its arm into beam cannon, crackling with purple energy. 

"STOP!" shouted Larry.

Goliath didn't hear the order, shooting a beam. 

Lucy felt it make contact, but she avoided the brunt of it, only wounding her arm. She wouldn't last much longer. A few psychic strikes held her opponent at bay, but Goliath exploded an empty car next to her, knocking her out. 

Larry tensed up. The injury looked bad. Goliath approached the vehicle and freed Larry. It then crouched, preparing to fly him away on its back. 

Larry kept staring at the wreckage. Distant sirens grew louder by the second. This didn't feel right. Perhaps it could still be fixed. Larry paused, squinting. It didn't need fixing. Society did this. He was merely protecting his personal freedom. Larry then mounted Goliath, but something prevented him from giving the order to flee. He sighed. Time for yet another mistake. Larry commanded Goliath to use its first-aid measures on Lucy before flying away and self-destructing. Psychics like her tended to have a better healing factor than normal people, so it should be enough to make her feel better.

Lucy stood up a few minutes later, noticing that Larry still sat inside the tilted van. She walked up to him, removed her helmet and smiled, saying:

"If I didn't know any better, I might think you like me or something."

Larry hung his head, defeated. 

"You're... fine with going to jail?"

"I guess..."

"Why?"

Larry narrowed his eyes.

"Is it really that hard to admit?"

"F-fine. I did it because..." Larry took a deep breath. "...because I love you."

Lucy giggled. That's all she needed to hear to let him escape.Lisa threw her pizza at my face. Who the hell does that? By the time I recovered, she had already taken an aggressive stance with a knife in hand. Customers screamed. I didn't have the chance to defuse the situation. Lisa lunged at me before I could say anything to her. I weaved around her slashes but one of them got me, drawing blood from my cheek. 

"I am *not* going back!" shouted Lisa.

"I didn't even know you were here!"

Lisa prepared for another lunge. "That's exactly what you said in Zanzibar." 

"Because you screwed me in Paris!" 

Lisa kicked a chair towards me, covering her approach. I took the hit to grab her wrist and kept the knife away from my body. Unfortunately, I forgot that Lisa was a Brazilian Jujitsu prodigy, which allowed her to flip me onto the floor with just her legs. She then went for an arm bar, but I grabbed a pitcher of cola from a table and emptied it on her face to break free. 

Lisa frowned. 

I needed to get out of there as fast as possible. If we drew enough attention, my cover would be blown and I'd have to start over in a new place. Some employees were already calling the police. I stumbled to my feet, limping towards the exit. Two large men taller than me blocked my path. Their expression suggested they were taking Lisa's side in this conflict even though they didn't know what was going on. Still, no need to harm them.

"Gentlemen... you're in my way."

"We know" said the one on the right.

The other one punched me in the face when I took a step forward. 

Why did this always happen? I spun around but stayed on my feet only to see Lisa running at me again. The man that punched me then put me on a full nelson while the other one got between me and Lisa. He was trying to calm her down. I panicked. Lisa would murder this man before letting me get away. I kicked him in his nuts while his back was turned, causing him to fall on his knees. I've never felt so guilty for using a cheap tactic but it probably saved his life. 

His friend lifted me up and threw me face-first onto a table. I forgot where I was for a moment until I felt the man release his hold. My relief disappeared when I noticed he only did it because Lisa knocked him out. She stabbed the table, missing me by a millimeter. I pushed her away before she could pull out the knife. 

Lisa scowled. She was disarmed but, in my experience, that only made her more dangerous. I grabbed the knife. 

Lisa narrowed her eyes. "I knew you'd come to get me one day."

"It doesn't have to be this way; I'm retired."

Lisa scoffed. "Bullshit."

A crowd had gathered outside the pizza parlor. They had their phones out, recording the fight. Not good. Lisa noticed my worry and smiled, saying: 

"Unless you never did it officially..."

I swallowed.

"...which means that I can hunt you down and the suits wont protect you."

Fuck.

Lisa giggled. "I'll see you around." She walked out of the parlor with an eerie serenity in her stride. The stunned crowd moved out of her way. She then blended into a mass of pedestrians until disappearing. 

I sighed. The agency would find out about this soon enough. I needed to get as much cash as possible, forge a new identity, and leave town before the end of the day. Considering her tone, something told me that Lisa would make sure I failed. She knew all the tricks. God damn it. I just wanted a freaking pizza.Sweat dribbled out of my pen when I finished signing the document. 

I panicked. The drops were on a collision course towards my signature. If it blurred or altered the ink in any way, the form would be invalidated and I would have to start from scratch again. 

Jocelyn grinned, stretching out her wrinkled face with cheery malevolence. 

The embarrassment of losing, of seeing her enjoy my perpetual despair, somehow gave me the ability to process the situation in less than a second. I slid the paper away without realizing it. What... what was this power?

I spotted movement in my peripheral vision. Jocelyn's jewelry-covered hand reached for my document. 

*NO!*

The sweat droplets were still in the air.

Jocelyn wanted to steer the document back into them under the guise of innocently taking the form. I couldn't believe her reaction time. It was godlike.

I smirked. The fact that I could see her movements now meant that my awareness was growing stronger. I spun the document around her hand with a flourish as if that was my aim all along. Victory was near!

Jocelyn flinched with fake surprise, knocking over her coffee thermos in my direction. 

*YOU MONSTER!*

I pulled away the form, jumping back. 

"Oh my!" Jocelyn leaned over her desk, eager to see if she succeeded. "I'm sorry! Did any of it fall on you? My little ol' heart just can't take surprises these days."

I forced a smile, hiding the papers behind my back. "That's... fine. It was my fault for trying to be fancy." 

"Is the form intact?"

I closed my eyes. The document felt dry in my hands, but I didn't want to check. We were the only people in the office. I peeked at the wall clock. It said 4:28 PM. Now or never.

I looked and sighed with relief. "They're fine!"

Jocelyn betrayed her disappointment by suppressing a scowl. She then smacked her lips, renewed her ever-present smile, and said:

"That's great! May I see it?"

I handed it over as courteously and delicately as possible. 

Jocelyn's face grew stiffer the more she scanned the paper with her eyes. I tensed up. She was taking too long. Another fucking typo? No. A vein popped out of her temple for a second. Faint anger. I widened my eyes. Could it be? Jocelyn sighed, nodded, and... chuckled.

"What's-"

"Wonderful honey! Now you can move on to the-" Jocelyn paused and pretended to notice the time. "Aww shucks, looks like business hours are over. I can't process this form right now. Can you come back again tomorrow?"

"I... I took a day off for this."

"Oh, well I guess you'll have to do it at a later date."

"But the deadline's tomorrow. I... I told you."

"Was it? Oh my, I'm getting spotty with my age." Jocelyn widened her irritating smile. "I guess you'll have to renew your term."

"No."

Jocelyn frowned. "What?"

"I'm taking a sick day. This ends tomorrow."

Jocelyn bellowed with drawn out glee. "Are you sure about that?"

"I already made it this far."

Jocelyn pretended to look concerned. "Oh you don't understand. The dates on the signatures you gathered all need to match. You'll have to do it all over again tomorrow if you wish to ~~earn your freedom-~~ I mean terminate our services."

"Fine! I'll do it all over again! I was only two minutes late."

Jocelyn drowned in laughter. "Fool, that wasn't even my final form!"

My spirit broke at the end of her sentence. Jocelyn cackled louder as I walked away. This wasn't the end. I didn't care how impossible it felt. By the time I was about to exit the office, I heard Jocelyn say:

"Oh, and thank you for choosing us as your internet service provider! Have a nice day!"A giant explosion of rainbow light rippled across the night sky. 

Our airship spat out smoke from its engine, shaking as the shock wave reached it. I clung to a railing, gritting my teeth. We were losing altitude at an alarming rate. 

Kheth pulled on some levers, turned some dials, and steered the ship as hard as he could. 

My body felt weightless the more we accelerated. Everything spun around around me, disoriented by the screams of my other companions.

"We're gonna make it!" shouted Kheth, as he punched a button. 

The engine blew up, rocketing away from the airship.

I widened my eyes. "What the hell?!?"

"I did that on purpose!" Kheth smiled, showing his fangs and twitching his cat-ears. "I'm getting rid of the excess weight!"

"It was the damn engine!"

"I had to!"

The airship tilted starboard. 

"Do you have any idea how much work-"

The ship collided on the ground, sliding for at least a mile before it stopped. I rolled on the floor, falling out of a hole in the ship with a thud. 

I groaned. 

Kheth cackled like a madman, still clinging to the steering handle. 

Everyone else moaned as they stepped out.

Most of the ship was destroyed by now. It didn't even have proper walls on a third of it. I sighed. Thankfully, we crashed on a wheat field. No collateral damage this time. Waves of light still traveled through the sky, illuminating the land below for miles. It felt like a magical sunrise, despite it being around midnight. Were there that many souls trapped inside Shargoth? 

I pulled myself upwards. My knees were weak. The rest of the party looked upwards in awe, hypnotized by the beauty of the freed souls. Except for Deya, that is. Her gaze was fixed on me, smiling softly before looking away. 

"*The demons are falling back!*" said a voice on the airship's radio. "*We're reclaiming the capital! We've... we've won!*"

Kheth jumped out of the cockpit, giggling. The party cheered, hugging each other and jumping around. Harper even did a cartwheel and fell on the ground, laughing. Kheth then put his furry paw on my shoulder and said:

"Looks like we finally did it, brother."

I smirked. "You're welcome."

Kheth frowned. "I did most of the saving."

"And *I* did most of the ass-kicking."

Deya walked towards me. "We all did a lot of... ass-kicking."

"Y-yeah." I glanced away. "I couldn't have done it without any of you." I lingered in silence for a few seconds. "There's not much time left."

"Right..." said Deya.

She was the first human I met in this land. Thanks to her, I didn't feel so alone here. I mustered the courage to confess before the final battle, but we would never get the chance to enjoy ourselves in this new age of peace. We'd been through so much, and now...

Jet approached us, his tattered monk's robe flapping in the wind. "So this is it, then?" 

"There has to be a way!" shouted Harper, behind Jet. "You can't just leave now!"

Agatha and Fritz nodded in agreement as they limped towards us. 

I swallowed down my tears. The irony. When I first got here, all I wanted to do was leave.

A ball of purple energy materialized above us. It morphed into a humanoid shape with wings. The blonde angel, ten feet tall, descended slowly and said in a soothing voice:

"Well done, young hero. This land is free of the demon's blight. Your duty is now fulfilled and you can return to your home."

"Lady Catherine," said Jet as he bowed, "I am your loyal servant. A tool and slave of the greater good. I do not wish to oppose you, or imply that I know better, but is there any way David can remain with us? Sure, he's arrogant, rude, impulsive..."

I narrowed my eyes. "Get to the point."

Jet smiled at me. "What I mean is, he's more part of this world than his own. The bonds we've made... The people we've lost... They're just as his as they're ours. Shouldn't he be rewarded for his trouble?"

"No" said Lady Catherine. "The good he did is its own reward. He knew the consequences. His choice hinged on the fact that he wouldn't benefit from his deeds."

Jet shifted nervously. "I... I don't mean to press you, Lady Catherine, but... why?"

"His very presence puts at risk the world you just fought to protect. The only reason he could be here was because Shargoth balanced him out. With the demon king gone, David is now the anomaly. He can't stay here any longer."

"In other words," said Kheth, "you can't do it."

"That is correct."

Kheth growled. "So much for an omnipotent god!"

"Watch your tongue, feline. You stand before the authority of heaven itself."

"No!" said Kheth. "I stand before a cowardly bitch! You can't even save your own damn realm! You conscripted a damn teenager into saving the freaking world!"

"Silence!" shouted the angel. 

Jet walked up next to Kheth and said:

"This isn't right, Lady Catherine. David isn't a tool. He's a living being, worthy of happiness and companionship. This isn't what the church stands for! This isn't what I wore these robes for!"

Lady Catherine scowled. "This is heresy!"

"No, it's justice!"

Catherine extended her arm towards Jet, summoning a flurry of lightning bolts. Everyone gaped their mouths in horror. Jet was a charred hush of flesh by the end of it. Dead.

Kheth let out a guttural scream and summoned his celestial weapon, a golden spear. He then lunged at Lady Catherine, but his weapon shattered before it touched her. Kheth widened his eyes. Lady Catherine flicked her finger, shattering his skull.

I fell to my knees. I grew weaker, as if my energy were being sapped from my body. "Please! Stop! This was supposed to be a happy ending! I did what you asked! I'm begging, don't hurt them!"

The rest of the party snapped out their daze, summoning their own weapons and circling around me. 

"We won't let you take him!" shouted Harper.

"N-no! Guys, don't fight her! You're only going to-" My body started to flicker and dissolve. "Stop! Don't do this to them! You can take me, just don't hurt them."

"You aren't in a position to bargain" said Lady Catherine, as she struck down Harper.

Deya gripped her sword tight. "I love you, David."

I reached out to Deya, but my arm went through her body. "I lov-"

I woke up in a bed, gasping for air. I couldn't stop myself from shaking. I stumbled out of the bed, puking in a nearby trashcan. Were... were they slaughtered? 

I looked around. My old room. I didn't even recognize it at first. I finally made it home. Did my parents even know I was gone? How long had it been? Everything seemed exactly how I left it. 

I punched the floor.

Kheth. Jet. Harper.

It was my fault. They chose to do it. I couldn't do anything about it. But it was my fault. I slammed my head against the nearest wall. I needed to hurt. I needed to suffer. It couldn't end this way. I started crying. I was the hero, damn it! I couldn't even save my friends. 

How could I live now? Go to school again? Do homework and watch television? Videogames? How could anything give me purpose again after living the way I did? There was *meaning* back there. Here, I was a loser. Again. I couldn't stay in this mundane reality anymore, not when I abandoned so much in the other world. And Deya... No, she wouldn't throw her life away. She was still alive. I could feel it in my bones.

I had to go back! I had to help them! Die by their side, if I had to! I knew I could do it. If it happened once, it could happen again... 

But how?The chattering bus riders poured out into the city with the haste normally found during the lunch rush. Danny, too busy staring at his phone to be aware of his envirioment, followed the crowd mindlessly and felt a child bump into his groin. The kid didn't notice, he just went off running with his mother. Danny, on the other hand, struggled to catch a breath, squatting with gritted teeth he shuffled awkwardly towards a bench. The pain in his testicles flared upwards into his stomach, nearly causing him to puke right there.

"**Hafh'drn!**" said Danny, pointing at the child. "**Bug tharanak n'gha gof'nn!**"

A business man stepping out of the bus stopped abruptly in his tracks, widening his eyes with shock as he stared at Danny. He then swallowed, nodded, and said:

"**Ah goka gotha, Cthulhu'nyth.**"  

Before Danny could say anything else, the man disappeared into the crowd. The confused student shrugged, sat on the bench, and recovered his strength after a few minutes. Danny couldn't help but feel puzzled at the situation. Ever since he was a child, he would shout that gibberish in place of cursing. Eventually, he would string together words because it felt like a fun thing to do, but he never felt like they meant anything. That man, though... he seemed to not only understand his language, but speak it as well. 

"*Whatever...*" thought Danny, "*it was probably my mind playing tricks on me. There's no way he understood that nonsense.*"

Just as Danny stood up from the bench, the man tapped him on his shoulder and bowed subtly with his hand on his heart. "High priest, the deed is done. I had to dispose of his mother as well, she attacked me when I grabbed him. I hope it doesn't displease you."

Danny furrowed his brow in confusion, tensing his shoulders once he saw the man's fingers. There was blood under his nails and his neck bled from a recent scratch. His suit and tie looked disheveled, like he'd just gotten into a fight. Danny's heart rate quickened before he said:

"W-what are you talking about?"

The man inspected Danny with a puzzled glare. "I disposed of the bodies in a dumpster. Is that not to your liking?" He scratched his head. "Maybe you're new in town. I've never seen you at any of the gatherings. You r'lyehian is unlike any I've heard from a simple follower, about as fluent as High Priest Justinian. What sect do you belong to?"

Danny stepped back, hands shaking from fear. "Sect? I... I don't belong to any sect! Please, get away from me. I-I'll call the cops!"

"Oh no..." The man took a step forward. "That can't be." He dashed into Danny and whispered into his ear. "**Fhtagn, Cthulhu'yth.**"

All of Danny's muscles froze in place, paralazing him with a weird sensation in his body. His vision got blurry before everything around started spinning. He then fell forward and only saw darkness until losing consciousness. 

----------------

Danny woke up in a dark cavern, sitting on a chair in front of a wooden desk. Candles covered the shelves on his right, flickering with a soft burn only audible because of the silence. A skull rested on top of the desk, covered in weird glyphs that were carved into its surface. Danny jumped when a horrifying moan echoed behind him, like a man suffering a thousand deaths. The young man turned around to find its source, but he only saw a metal door at the end of the cave. It was commoing from another room. 

The moaning turned into an agonizing scream before suddenly stopping. Danny felt a shiver rush down his spine, anticipating his fate to be equally painful. The door creaked open with a high-pitch noise and a man wearing a red cloak entered the makeshift office. Strolling past Danny with a confident walk, he dragged out his wheeled chair and sat behind the desk. He then grinned through his gray beard and said:

"It seems one of my acolytes has acted out of place. I apologize for his behavior. Needless to say, I've already given him a fitting punishment."

Danny nodded. "I-I see. Where am I?"

"You are currently in the underground caverns of Xeistoria City. This is our temple and base for the worship of the Great Old One, Cthulhu. I assume you're a follower as well, right?"

"Look, I don't know anything about this. Please, let me go. I just want to leave. I promise I wont tell anyone!"

"Hmm..." The man stroked his beard. "Acolyte Martin said you spoke r'lyehian with the ease of a master. That would mean you are of my same rank in the eyes of the Great One. I have no power over you; You can do whatever you want."

Danny relaxed his shoulders, took a deep breath, and said:

"Oh... then I guess I'll just leave." 

Danny stood up, but before he could take a step forward, High Priest Justinian chuckled and said:

"Of course, that's all assuming I believe Acolyte Martin. I'm going to need some proof." He then looked past Danny and shouted. "Bring him in!"

The same man Danny met at the bus was dragged into the room. He was shirtless, with hundreds of lashes torn across the flesh of his back. The only sound he could produce was a muffled groan. Danny wondered why he couldn't speak, but then he saw why. His tongue had been ripped off. Only the gurgling sound of blood and painful whimpers of a broken spirit came out of his mouth. Squirming on the floor, he started to tear up, but no one in the room reacted to his crying. High Priest Justinian stood up and said:

"**Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!**"

Martin ceased his twitching, remaining frozen in place. He then jerked his shoulders back, stiffening his abdomen and widening his eyes. Danny breathed heavily and gripped his fist, preparing his mind for whatever was about to happen. This was a futile effort, though, since the monstrosity that seeped out of Martin's mouth was beyond anything Danny could imagine. 

A gray blob of primordial ooze fell out of his body, letting out a terrifying shriek that hurt Danny's ears. The substance then rose out of the lashes on Martin's back, joining its ilk into a sphere that consumed the acolyte's body. Five tentacles and thirty eyes popped out the monster's being, flailing around and blinking at an unnatural rhythm. In then slowly limped towards Danny, leaving behind a trail of nauseating slime. 

"**Tekeli-li!**" whispered the monster. "**Tekeli-li!**"

Danny couldn't move a muscle. His fear and read paralyzed him in place. Even though his eyes rejected what he saw, he couldn't look away. His mind couldn't process the dimensions of the monsters. It shouldn't be possible; it didn't belong to this world. Once it was an inch away from Danny, it created a mouth in its body, ready to swallow the young man. A sudden stillness overcame Danny, urging him to say:

"**Gnalih, y-stell'bsna zhro.**"

The creature stopped for a moment, breathing rhythmically into Danny's face. In then lowered a tentacle unto his shoulder and caressed him, stroking his hair with an obedient gurgle. Danny turned around, glaring at the High Priest with a cold stare. He then said:

"**Hlirgh, n'gha geb.**"

As if following a command, the monster made its way to Justinian and swallowed him whole, muffling the horrified screams he uttered with his last breath. Danny grinned and chuckled, transforming it after a few seconds into a maniacal cackle. It was like he'd woken up from a dream. He finally remembered his purpose. This useless follower only acted as a place holder until he took over the sect. His mission was clear, a beautiful image forming in his head of a glorious future where his father would rule. Under his guidance, the cult will finally awaken Cthulhu in the coming months.The most painful thing about leaving a reality was confronting the fact that I would always be alone. Sometimes, I left a world as soon as I entered it, and in others I lived a full life until moving on to the next. Every time I did this, it always felt like I lost something important, even if the next reality was an upgrade to the last.

I did my first jump into a fantasy realm where I could be a hero. As a teenager, this was all I wanted from life. The thrill of combat, the sense of purpose and belonging, the princess... it all made it easy to reject my previous reality. I didn't know the cost. My friends and family never knew from me again. I don't even remember their faces.

Eventually, I grew to resent my new home. I blamed everyone in that reality for whisking me away from my original one. That wasn't fair, of course. I just didn't want to admit that I abandoned everything I had out of impulsive naivete.

This would be the point where a normal person would learn to appreciate their place in life. I didn't. When I got a dream of exploring the galaxy in a spaceship, I left for that reality without any hesitation. My next few jumps would all follow the same pattern. They would vary in what they provided, sometimes a wholesome or mundane existence, but it would always culminate in me wanting something I didn't have and getting a dream that would tempt me away.

I stopped feeling remorse after a few centuries. From a metaphysical point of view, I was functionally immortal. It was impossible for me to die as long as I kept dreaming of a new place. People became abstract concepts for me. I only saw the archetype they represented; not the individual in front of me. Any time I was invested in something, I got scared of staying in that reality forever. I jumped from universe to universe without any sense of direction, losing my sanity more and more the further I went. Nothing was real. I just wanted to feel connected. Why couldn't I be happy by myself?

It wasn't until I woke up in a familiar reality, way further in the future from when I left it, that I discovered my effect on the world. Every time I jumped to another place, I also left behind a corpse for others to grieve. I was so caught up in my selfish desires that I never bothered to think about my effect on the realities I traveled. The good, and bad, I did wasn't meaningless. I always left behind someone who cared about me in every universe I encountered. The only reason I never felt connected was because I severed everything myself. That thought broke me.

I didn't run away after this realization. My new purpose was to bring about as much happiness as I could to the people in my life. When I grew old again, I still decided to jump to a new reality out of a fear of death. The shame haunted me for years. My next reality would give me new people to cherish, which only made it harder to leave when my life was about to end. Now I travel across the multiverse with a singular purpose in mind: to live in a reality where I can be with others and find it appropriate to die.Elara closed the portal behind her with a flick of the wrist and walked into the busy lobby, greeting people on her way to the elevator. Getting 5th-dimensional coffee with a topping of nova stardust might've made her late for work, but a sip of the delicious beverage assured her that she still made the right choice. Besides, Elara was responsible for the relationship between Lo-Fi music and random Alan Watts quotes, making her the top earner in the company this past year. It's not like they could afford to fire her. 

Elara stiffened up when she arrived at her office. Fornax, her manager, sat behind the desk. He stood up and said:

"Ah, Elara, glad that you could join us... Half-way through the workday..."

Elara squinted. "Did I take that long? I could've sworn I was only five minutes late."

Fornax scowled. "Don't blame Relativity for this. She won't keep covering for you forever."

Elara shrugged. She was pretty sure Relativity didn't mind, considering what they both went through to get her a significant other. To think that her and Objectivity...

Fornax sighed. "Maybe today will be the day you finally learn some humility."

"Eh?"

"We got a bit of a weird situation. There's this client... We thought it would be an easy case, and we think we found a match, but literally everyone is stumped in how to go about it."

Elara smirked. "And you need me to finish the job." 

Fornax rolled his eyes.

Elara placed her purse on the desk with smug, elegant grace. "So why are you here?"

"The client's technically not processed in your department, so I can't force you to take the case."

"Sure, send him in."

"Really? You won't even ask about the guy?"

"I can pair up anyone, so I'll do this as a favor to you." Elara crossed her arms. "But only if you let me come in late whenever I want."

"Once per week."

"Deal!"

"But if you fail..." 

"I will literally never be late again." Elara smiled. "But it won't happen."

"Sure, sure..." Fornax chuckled on his way out of the office. "We'll see about that."

Elara glanced over the client's file while waiting for him to arrive. Introverted? Not much of a hurdle. High-standards? People should have them. Human? Yikes. Elara normally handled powerful, abstract entities. She hadn't dealt with someone like this in millennia, when she was an intern. This guy should be interesting, though. Most humans could only reach this place through years of meditation practice and careful study. Very few mortals ever made it to this part of the dreamscape. Elara finished her coffee by the time the client entered her office. He was actually handsome, with piercing eyes and a fit body. This shouldn't be too hard. 

"Oliver?" said Elara, "Please, have a seat. Now that I'm on the case, there's no way you won't leave without a relationship."

"Thanks, but I'm not sure you'll be of much help."

Elara raised an eyebrow. "Why?"

"I don't think there's anyone for me."

Elara wrinkled her nose. "So you came all the way to this dimension to...?"

Oliver pursed his lips and looked away, embarrassed. "To make sure."

"Of what?"

"T-that I'm not alone. Because if I'm not, and I don't try to find her, then it would feel like abandoning someone I've never even met."

"Huh... that's actually kinda sweet. Strange, but sweet. Still, you probably could've found someone on Earth with half the effort it took to get here."

"And be with a human?" Oliver scoffed. "Come on..."

"Wait what?"

"I don't want to be with a human."

Elara narrowed her eyes. Things were starting to make sense. "Then what are you expecting?"

"Nothing. As cringey as it sounds, I don't think love can work. Not even in an ideal world like this one. I'm willing to be proven wrong, though."

"Just... not with a human."

"Not an average one, at least. And a woman special enough is, paradoxically enough, better off with someone more well adjusted than me, so I'm stuck in the awkward position where the only woman who could endure a relationship with me is an idealized one."

Elara rubbed her temples in contemplation. This man clawed his way through the metaphysical boundaries of reality just to proof to himself he was better off alone. The stubbornness necessary for this feat baffled Elara. It was also tragic, in a way, like he was both desperate for intimacy and disgusted by it at the same time. Definitely a challenging proposal. 

The levels of elitism exhibited by him could only be matched... by her. Elara blushed. This had to be an elaborate joke. Fornax set her up to this. Elara was forced to either go out with a human or refuse the match and lose the bet. That jerk! Still, Oliver wasn't repulsive. Elara actually found him pleasing to the eye, and he was certainly an interesting person. Would it really be that bad? Elara bit her lip and said:

"Well, if... if I could find someone for you... Have you given any thought to what you'd like her to be like?"

"Oh that's easy." Oliver smiled. "A cute, anime waifu!"

Elara facepalmed. This would never work.Jeremy frowned. There was obviously something under the bed, but he didn't have the energy to care. His office job had all but drained his will to live. Every day was the same, empty and meaningless. Hopefully, whatever lurked down there would kill him soon. 

It clenched Jeremy's hand. Well, this was it. Whatever touched him felt slithery and dry, with black oily tentacles wrapping around his arm. Definitely evil. Maybe a firm grip would buy him a painless, respectable death. 

"***You're hired.***"

Jeremy wrinkled his nose. "For what?"

The tentacles burrowed into his forearm, crawling under his skin until piercing his heart with an unbearable, sharp pain. Jeremy tried to move away but the pull under the bed was too strong. The malignant force overwhelmed his senses, powering through his spinal cord until reaching his brain. A vision of society burning down came into view. And it was beautiful. 

Jeremy wept tears of joy out of his hollowed out eyes. He finally had purpose again. The corruption mutated his body in horrifying, distorted ways for a few hours, but his shape eventually stabilized into a humanoid form again. Jeremy returned to work the next day with new found vigor. He actually had the energy to engage with his work mates. Slowly but surely, the normally quiet office sprung to life with warm camaraderie between everyone. Jeremy's charisma uplifted everyone. Unfortunately, the team manager grew more silent and reclusive throughout the morning. Jeremy's new awareness allowed him to easily identify the resentment in him. George, the manager, was instantly weary of Jeremy's new competence. He felt threatened. A middle management guy like him would only keep his position by spotting threats to his leadership. 

After lunch, Jeremy found a new email from him in his inbox, summoning him to his office. How unnecessary. They'd seen each other just a few minutes prior. Jeremy chuckled on his way to the office. Weak. The man thought he could express his dominance with a passive-aggressive stunt. 

Jeremy entered without knocking and sat down. 

George eyed him, occupied with a phone call. 

Jeremy relaxed with an open posture. 

George finished the phone call, glared at Jeremy, and asked about a report he had to send out.

Jeremy shrugged. "I've been busy."

"Makin' pals with everyone? I don't appreciate that. I like my office nice, quiet, and-"

"Submissive."

George craned his head forward. "Productive. What's with the attitude?"

"You said it was *your* office, but it isn't... right?"

George opened his mouth.

Jeremy cut him off. "It doesn't belong to you. All of your hard work is for the profit of someone else. Have you ever considered how much money you generate in comparison to what they pay you?"

"Well..."

"It would surprise you." Jeremy stood up. "But more than that, whatever your paycheck is... was it worth missing your daughter's birthday... again?"

George widened his eyes in flash of rage. "How do you know tha-"

"You see, yesterday, while you were in bed worrying about the fact that you're still a decade away from retiring, I was off networking and making friends." Jeremy walked around the desk. "And guess what? I found a new startup gig! My new bosses know a lot of things, George. *A lot*. But the biggest thing I learned from them is just how small and insignificant we really are. Everything we do here is empty. Core values. The law. Job security. It's all a lie." He extended his hand. "Embrace it with me and bring it all down."

George hesitated, but shook the hand. Jeremy smiled as tentacles sprang out of his hand. George didn't react. The tentacles corrupted him beyond recognition. He quickly became an empty thrall at the beck and call of Jeremy. This was only the start. Jeremy smirked, sending the husk of George away. Soon enough, he would take over the company and then, when he started influencing the markets, things would *really* get interesting. Jeremy sat down, resting his feet on the desk and contemplating his new office. The elder gods would rule again."You don't get it," Catherine struggled to hold back a tear, "you never do. It always happens here, in this room, every single time, and no matter how much I beg, or try, you make the same decision." She stood up from the throne, drying her eye with cold detachment. "Should I fight you for the billionth time? Torture you? Imprison? Ignore?" 

David took a step back. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"Giving you a stable, safe reality only motivates you more to escape it." Catherine slowly walked down the golden stairway of her majestic throne. Her ethereal orange wings widened behind her with the grace of an angel, but without any of the genuine warmth you would expect from that type of being. "And every solution I come up with only expands the dreamscape. Don't you get that you're hurting yourself over nothing?"

David raised his sword. "I don't know what tricks you're playing, but-"

"*-they wont work on me.*" Catherine mimed him in a mocking tone. "*I've learned the ways of this realm and I'll return to my friend's reality even if I have to*- blah blah blah." She shook her head. "This is just the same old story. If you just keep doing this, we'll both disappear."

David's pulse rose the more he contemplated her words. A hazy, forgotten memory emerged from the depths of his mind. Echoes of a similar conversation.

Catherine nodded. "It seems the effects of the Heart are beginning to wake you up."

David squinted. No. This memory wasn't his. The voice he heard speaking. The tone was similar but it was definitely a different person, not him. 

"I can explain everything." Catherine frowned. "Again." She sighed. "But maybe it can change. What's your name this time?"

"This time?"

Catherine rubbed her forehead. "Never mind." She started walking around her throne, towards the back of the room. "I have something to show you."

David remained in place, glaring. 

Catherine stopped. "You don't trust me?"

"D-do you even remember what you did to me?"

Catherine shrugged. "Not really."

David scowled. "You dragged me out of my world to save another, killed my friends right in front of me after we succeeded, and snapped me back to my reality to live on like it was just a dream."

"So?"

David lunged and slashed at her in half a second.

Catherine caught the blade between her fingers. "I can certainly provide a fight, if that's what you wish, but I promise that neither of us would gain anything from it."

David exerted more pressure on the sword. "I'LL KILL YOU."

The floor crumbled into a small crater around them.

Catherine sent him flying away with a flick of her hand.

David barreled through a stone pillar before landing on the far end of the throne room. Debris obscured his vision. He jumped to his feet, gripping his sword with shaking arms. 

Catherine placed a hand on his shoulder. She was already behind him.

David turned around, jumping away from her.

Catherine pursued and kicked the sword out his hand.

David raised his fists in desperation.

"Enough!" cried out Catherine. "I can't. Keep. Hurting you."

David widened his eyes. It was just for a very brief moment, but he could've sworn he saw Deya's face instead of Catherine's for a moment. "How did you-"

"I've been trying to explain. Now will you listen?"

"I don't..."

Catherine took a step back and took off her crown. Her wings enveloped her body, melting down into a glowing rainbow-colored substance until her contour shrunk into that of a normal human. When the energy left her body, all that was left was a skinny blonde girl with baggy eyes and a face worn down by eternity. Her physical age was close to David's, maybe late teens or early twenties. Why did she feel so familiar? David knew he hadn't seen her before. Catherine walked past him without a word. David followed her. He needed to know more.

Catherine touched the wall behind the throne and a pink glyph materialized on its surface. The wall then slid open, revealing a stairway that spiraled upwards. David stopped for a moment. This was the top of the castle. How was there another floor above? He shook his head. David kept forgetting that the usual laws of physics didn't always apply in this dimension. They rose the stairs in silence. 

Once at the top, Catherine stopped in front of a wooden door and said:

"What lies beyond this door... only you and I ever truly see it. At this point-" Her voice broke a bit. "I just... Whatever. Let's go." She opened the door.

On the other side, an endless beach under a shimmering night sky waited for them. A gaping streak of red light hung in the middle of the firmament, oozing wisps of energy like an open wound. It bathed them in crimson light, even the water on the horizon was tinted by it, giving this place a strange shade of otherworldly purple that didn't feel quite right. 

"This is the final sub-gradient of the dreamscape. The uppermost layer of reality. And in there," she pointed at the red streak, "is the heart of our metaverse. It's the anchor of every reality beneath this layer. No matter how subtle or strange, every world gets its magic from this place. It's the reason that, throughout your journey in the dreamscape, the closer you got to my castle, the more subjective became the world around you."

David walked up next to her. His gaze had remained fixed on the sky this entire time. "There's a problem, isn't there?"

Catherine seemed like she had given up of hiding it. "Why did you come to this place? For revenge?"

"No... I just wanted to be with my friends again."

Catherine winced at the answer. "Very well."

A path rose out of the ground. It led into the heart of the dreamscape.

"Will I find them there?"

Catherine nodded.

David looked at her. "You're avoiding something. You haven't told me the problem yet."

"Would you like to know the reason I originally took you out of your world? It might prove more painful than you'd think."

"Something tells me it's more important to know."

Catherine brushed back her hair, gave him a weak smile, and said:

"You never change, do you? That stubborn heroism in the face of uncertainty... it's what I love about you."

David gently grabbed her hand. "Where have we met before? How do you know me?"

"This existence, the dreamscape and every reality derived from its heart... It runs on the power of the stories that occur within it. Originally, these stories began and ended without ever crossing paths, but as they continued, patterns emerged and solidified until the structure of the dreamscape became defined. Eventually, one of the patterns became self-aware of the situation. They quickly reasoned that if they didn't keep their story going, everything and everyone they cared about would disappear, forcing him to start all over again. And it always happened, because every story eventually ends."

"You're... a pattern?"

"We both are. More specifically, we're storyweavers. Our choices and our struggles keep all of these realities running."

"What? You're making it sound like we're-"

"Ideas, yes. We only exist in theory. The only way we can be here is if someone else in the prime reality imagines us having this conversation."

David felt alarmingly calm. Although the implications were staggering, the same nostalgic haze from before kept him from being overwhelmed. What Catherine was proposing had an essence of truth he couldn't deny. "You did all of this because it keeps the dreamscape running. A story without conflict can't exist, right?"

"It's not that simple."

"Then explain!"

Catherine couldn't hide her grief any longer. "You and I... many lives ago, in the past or in the future, I don't even know anymore... Well, we became self-aware in the same story. Due to... circumstances, I had to die, and I woke up in the next story without you." She fell on her knees. "We'd promised each other that we would keep finding one another, and sometimes we did, but it never lasted because happily-ever-after is only a page long. It's always right before the end."

"And if I go into the heart... I'll have my happy ending, and you stay behind until another version of myself inevitably storms into this place again."

Catherine agreed with tears streaming down her cheeks. 

"Then I'm staying."

"No, you have to go. My happiness isn't worth destroying the dreamscape."

"But you'll never be happy that way."

"I don't even think there's an alternative."

"We're in a world made of pure creativity and imagination. There has to be."

"No, you idiot! You're asking me to betray both you and another version myself. After everything I put you through, why would you throw your one reward away?"

"Because... because I love you."

Catherine looked at him with an incredulous stare. "Don't..."

David extended his hand. "There's a way, then?"

Catherine grabbed it, rising to her feet. "Yes, but it'll guarantee that you'll never see those versions of your friends."

David closed his eyes. 

Kheth. Jet. Harper.

Deya...

David opened his eyes only to see Catherine in front of him. That solidified his decision. "How do it do it?"

The ocean parted in front of them and a swirling portal emerged at the bottom. 

"You'll have to dive into the dreamscape again, into another story, and find me before I turn into... this. Tell the story again, but change the outcome. This time, your essence will retain this experience. You won't remember it, though. Only a vague feeling will guide you... Are you sure this is what you want?"

David kissed her and smiled. "I'll see you on the other side."An arrow interrupted my afternoon nap. It stuck my sleeve to the tree behind me and, when I tried to remove it, another one landed slightly above my shoulder. The message was clear. It missed on purpose. 

I sighed. Not this crap again.

The owner of the arrow started approaching me from a distant tree. Their stride oozed determination and self-righteousness. I rolled my eyes. It was always hard to take these 'heroes' seriously after noticing that. By the time they reached my location, the assailant revealed herself to be a beautiful woman with curly blonde hair. She lowered herself to greet me and said:

"Keeper of the Dragon Slayer, I come to you with-"

"No."

The woman wrinkled her nose, confused. "You haven't even-"

"Don't need to. The answer is still no."

"But Ryddru will-"

"Enslave the world with eternal chaos, blah, blah, blah. Look, I'm sure you've traveled far to get here, and it's bound to be disappointing to hear this, but I ain't giving the Dragon Slayer to anyone. Ever. So get lost."

The woman gaped her mouth. After processing my words for a few seconds, she said:

"If this is about worthiness, I'm more than willing to undertake any trials you have in store for me..." She glanced away, then perked up with enthusiasm. "...unless this is part of the test!"

I groaned.

"Nice try, Keeper, but Lord Duzzenth warned me the quest wouldn't be straightforward." 

"Right..."

The woman nodded along, proud of herself. "Our society is in great peril. Order and justice can't exist in a world ruled by might alone. Ryddru's existence is a menace to our way of life, and he needs to be destroyed, but I completely understand why you keep the Dragon Slayer hidden. You can't just hand it to whoever comes asking for it..."

"Agreed."

"...and, for that, I apologize."

I shrugged. At this point, it became clear that the woman wasn't going to leave. Better to play along with her narrative than get into a fight. I removed the arrow stuck to my sleeve, stood up, and said:

"Yes, yes, this is very... noble on your part. Duzzenth chose well."

The woman smiled. "Of course he did; my lord possesses the greatest intellect in the world."

I did my best to ignore that comment. The arrogance of that wimpy dragon boiled my blood. His followers were always easily manipulated fools, though. Maybe there was a way to turn the situation around. "Are you ready for the next part of the trials?"

The woman straightened her back, alert. "Of course!"

"Then answer my questions, brave adventurer. Will you defend your lord from any menace?"

"Always."

"Even if it's just a *potential* menace?"

The woman nodded. "That's why we have to defeat Ryddru. He would destroy us all if we gave him the opportunity. Something that dangerous shouldn't exist."

"Okay, and what is the biggest threat to Duzzenth's life?"

"Ryddru, obviously."

"Wrong. Think again."

The woman contemplated the question for a few seconds. "Umm... the Dragon Slayer...?"

"There you go. And uhh... what do you think your lord will do if one of his champions defeats Ryddru?"

"Celebrate their return with a heroes' welcome!"

I arched an eyebrow. "Really?"

"Well, I mean, what else would he... Oh."

"Go on..."

"No, my lord would never..."

"You just said that a menace couldn't be allowed to exist. I'm sure you learned that from him."

"But I'm-"

"Special?" I chortled. "How many people do you think have been sent on this quest?"

The woman took a step back, widening her eyes. "No! It can't be!" She clenched her fist, then relaxed. "Wait, this is part of the trial, isn't it? You're testing my faith!" She chuckled. "A clever attempt, Keeper, but our lord is benevolent and wise. He would never harm one of his chosen!"

I facepalmed.

"Did I pass?"

Before I could answer, a fireball exploded right next to us. My hair caught fire, but I snuffed it out before it burned my scalp. The woman stood on the other side of the smoldering crater. She seemed confused, unsheathing her sword and looking around for the culprit. 

A shirtless man with long, black hair jumped out of a treetop. "Stand back, Keeper of the Dragon Slayer! I shall protect you from the clutches of this evil authoritarian!"

God-fucking-damn it. Another idiot. This was more annoying than it needed to be.

"Evil?" The woman pointed her sword at the man. "I need no more confirmation to know your allegiances." She looked at me. "Do not worry, Keeper. I shall protect you with all my being!"

"I pity you, follower of Duzzenth." The man's hands crackled with fire. "You don't need to lead a life of blind piety. Join us and be free!"

The woman spat in his direction. "I would never forsake the weak for selfish gain."

"And that is why the keeper would never choose you!" The man looked at me. "Right...?"

"Umm..."

"Ha!" said the woman. "The keeper is a noble soul. He would never hand you the weapon!" She looked at me. "Right...?"

I raised my fist with an air of divine proclamation. "Defeat the enemy's champion and you shall be deemed worthy of the Dragon Slayer!"

They both assumed I was talking to them specifically and proceeded to attack one another. Explosions and sword strikes echoed throughout the forest as their battle evolved into an earth-shaking conflict. I didn't really care. Hopefully, they would kill each other before they realized I ran away from them.The infinite nature of the multiverse implies that there is always a world that needs to be saved. Before society at large accepted this concept, most people went on their adventure and woke up with little time passing in their reality, attributing their experiences to a vivid dream. As time went on, however, it became increasingly difficult to ignore this phenomenon. Many reported the same warped creatures attacking these far off worlds. This led to the conclusion that, despite the adventure always being in a different realm, the enemy never changed. Like a metaphysical war occurred in a higher plane through shared dreams and fantasy.

Ted didn't believe any of this. He was pretty certain that these mass hallucinations were were just that: hallucinations. People, especially teenagers, love to feel heroic. 

If everyone is talking about these otherworldly escapades, even the most skeptical individual is going to make up their own tall tales to fit in, which only perpetuated this silly trend. After all, that's what Ted did when he was in high school and it still filled him with shame to this day.  

On a particular Friday afternoon, Ted arrived to his home to find that his daughter was hosting a slumber party with two friends. He didn't think much of it until later in the night, when they grew rowdy. Ted sighed. This was the one time of the week he could actually play on his PC. He didn't want to ruin their fun. Unfortunately, the constant interruptions forced him to go upstairs.

Ted knocked and opened the door but, before he could say anything, a portal swallowed them all. 

Reality bent around them, turning their surroundings into a swirling vortex of light. This type of event would make a believer out of anyone. Not Ted, though. He just assumed it was a brain aneurysm until they landed feet first in a stone altar. 

One of the girls, Irene, lost her balance and fell on her knees. The other two giggled, but helped her up. Ted relaxed. They handled the current predicament surprisingly well. 

Ted scanned the room, gaping his mouth at the architecture. The place resembled a Gothic cathedral, only bigger and more elaborate than anything on Earth. Golden chandeliers hung from the vaulted ceiling with stone pillars intermittently holding up the entire place. Everything had small details carved into it. The pillars, the steps of the altar, even the ceiling had unnecessary patterns on its surface. 

An old man at the base of the altar cleared his throat. He eyed everyone with a serene expression until he noticed Ted, which made him squint. 

"Oh my..." said the old man, "you're not supposed to be here."

Ted frowned. Sarah, his daughter, then said:

"Can't you send him back?"

Ted looked at her.

"What?" said Sarah.

"You don't even know what's going on."

"It's pretty obvious this is our adventure."

"Yeah!" added Rebecca, the other friend.

Ted rolled his eyes. "You really shouldn't accept things at face value. For all you know, this old man could actually be the bad guy."

"Nah," said Sarah, "look at his clothes. He's obviously the wizard that summoned us."

"That's not-"

"Hey!" said Irene. "Mister old dude!"

"Yes?" said the old man.

"Are you the bad guy?"

The old man chuckled. "No, no. We don't have much time, though. I'll explain in detail later."

Sarah smirked. "See, dad?"

"This literally doesn't prove anything."

"Well, how did it happen in *your* adventure?"

Ted pursed his lips. "I dunno. It was so long ago..." He looked away. "I've kinda forgotten."

"Okay, boomer" said Rebecca.

Ted furrowed his brow. "I'm not a-"

The building shook.

Everyone tensed up. The old man then said:

"We're running out of time!" He walked up the altar, handing a gemstone to each girl. "These will draw out innate skills. Concentrate on them and you'll be armed with weapons best suited to your personality."

"What about me?" said Ted.

"Uhh..."

"Of course not."

The girls all glowed with energy. Their individual lights intensified, wrapping around them until they emerged with proper equipment for battle. Sarah had studded leather armor with a quiver and bow on her back, Irene had a loose robe and wooden staff, and Rebecca wielded a great axe twice the size of her head. Ted could only look on in horror as the girls rushed out the temple with gleeful enthusiasm. He couldn't get them to stop and think for a second. They didn't even know what they had to fight.

Ted glared at the old man. "This is incredibly irresponsible."

The old man shrugged. "I mean, it usually works."

"What do you mean by 'usually'?"

"The holy weapons only work for teenagers of other worlds. We only have to summon them every few thousand years when the demon lords resurrects. The heroes very rarely fail."

"Very rarely..."

The building shook again, more violently this time.

"We should go to the shelter. The city could fall any moment now."

Ted blinked a few times. This was insane. "I am *not* letting those girls go into battle alone. How are you even okay with this?!?"

"I mean, people from your world are pretty competent when it comes to violence. They'll be fine."

Ted ran out of the temple. He couldn't stay and deliberate with this inter-dimensional idiot. Sure, many people went through adventures like these, but that didn't help Ted feel comfortable at all. Some of the things he heard from his friend's adventures sounded traumatizing. At the very least, he would look over the fight to make sure the girls could handle it.

----------

Ted expected orcs. Goblins. Maybe an undead army. What he found, though, made his stomach turn. Eldritch abominations. Lumps of grey and black flesh with tentacles, a worrying number of teeth, and an even greater amount of eyes along their twisted bodies. They wreaked havoc along the cobblestone streets and could crumble an entire building with a gentle tap of their limbs. Their mere presence corroded everything around them. 

The girls loved it, though. They didn't consider for a second that they could fail. Ted ran after them into the city square, wielding a wooden shield and a rusty dagger. It was the only equipment Archromeix, the cleric that summoned them, could find for him.  

A tentacle smacked Ted into an alchemy shop. 

The pain made him yelp. By the time he stood, the monster had already lunged at him. He held up the shield, closing his eyes tight, only to find that there was no impact after a few seconds. The monster was already dead when he opened them, riddled by arrows. 

"Daaaaaaaad!" shouted Sarah from a rooftop. "You're gonna get hurt!"

Ted frowned. She then told him to stay out of the way before leaping to another building, which was actually more painful than the tentacle. Their relationship had been wavering for a while now. He was always told that teenagers grew distant from their parents, but he somehow fooled himself into thinking that he would be an exception. Why would he assume that? He wasn't even good enough to save a world.

Ted grabbed a few interesting items from the store, found a public bench, and sat on it to monitor the fight from afar. The girls seemed to posses supernatural abilities now, which made them considerably stronger in every area. Rebecca swung her giant axe with ease, cleaving in half one monster. Sarah kept shooting her arrows at different targets from a rooftop and Irene threw weak ice rays on another corner of the town square. 

Their teamwork was terrible, though. They weren't even communicating with each other. Ted felt the urge to coach them but he had already experienced enough rejection for a day. They were strong. They could handle it.

A winged abomination knocked Sarah off the rooftop.

Ted widened his eyes. 

Sarah landed next to Rebecca, who didn't notice her until she took a step back and tripped over her. Both girls were slowly surrounded. Irene shrieked on the other side of the square. She couldn't hold back the monsters on her own. 

Ted stood up, but hesitated. He would probably make things worse.

The girls got on their feet. Rebecca started to defend but Sarah couldn't shoot well at close targets. The winged abomination screeched above them, preparing for another dive. Sarah shot at it three times, but only hit once. 

"Daaaaaaaaad!"

Ted ran into the fight. It was impossible to hear that without doing something. Irene was the closest to him. Considering that Rebecca could hold them off for a bit, protecting the wizard felt like the correct first step. 

Ted threw a pellet at the monsters that exploded into a bright flash. It dazed them enough for him to grab Irene and run out of that corner. After getting enough space, he turned around and said:

"Can you throw a fireball?"

Irene shook her head. 

"What *can* you do?"

"Forcefields... and... I dunno know! I didn't read it all!"

"Cast one on Rebecca!"

"Really? Not Sarah?"

"Rebecca's the melee. The longer she can last, the longer she can protect Sarah."

Irene froze in panic. A monster barreled towards them. 

"Just cast the spell!" Ted raised the shield. "I'll keep it away while you do it."

"But-"

Ted sprinted at the monster and bashed it with his shield. The monster didn't even feel it, but retaliated anyways. Ted winced. Irene was still in the middle of channeling the spell. His shield cracked after another strike. It wouldn't last long. Rebecca pushed a monster away, but another one slashed her back. 

The monster winded up for another attack. Ted held the shield as firmly as he could. Irene finished the spell. A barrier of orange light popped around Rebecca, protecting her from an incoming swipe. 

The shield broke. Ted flew over Irene, crashing into a wall. He then stood up and swallowed a health potion, another thing he stole from the alchemist's shop. Energy quickly filled him, healing his injuries. 

Sarah kept the winged creature at bay with her arrows. Now that Rebecca had a forcefield, she could afford to attack more recklessly. It made her struggle significantly easier. Irene also shot her ice rays at whatever approached her, allowing her to easily avoid them while she kept up the forcefield. They mowed down half monsters before the creatures began to retreat. 

Ted smiled at them when they realized this. He started approaching them when the winged creature swooped down again, grabbed him, and rose into the sky. Sarah screamed in horror. She shot at the creature but missed. Ted scowled. He wasn't going down like this. The creature squeezed him. Ted wriggled out of its grip and climbed on top of its back. He swallowed. They were really high now. 

It didn't matter. Ted brandished his dagger and repeatedly stabbed the creature in its head. Eventually, it wavered, plummeting towards the ground. Time slowed down for Ted. The last few seconds before collision lasted an eternity for him. 

When the girls found him, Sarah collapsed in front of him with tears in her eyes. Thankfully, he was still alive. Barely.

Every muscle in his body ached with pain. He still had more health potions, but he wanted to milk the drama a bit more to get back at Sarah.

"I thought you wanted me out of the way..."

Sarah sniffed. "I'm sorry; I'm really sorry!"

"If these are my final moments..."

Sarah leaned closer. "Yeah...?"

"I want you to know..."

"Y-yeah?"

"That this is totally your fault."

Sarah widened her eyes, horrified with guilt. 

Ted laughed, wincing because it also caused him pain. "Just give me a health potion, kiddo. They're in the bag of holding. I'm gonna be fine."

Sarah smacked him in the head and stormed off. "Drink it yourself you jerk!"

Rebecca and Irene helped him up after giving him a potion. They were just as amused as he was at Sarah's reaction. Ted then apologized to Sarah as much as he could before turning at the other two and saying:
 
"Girls, we need to strategize before we do that again."

Irene shrunk a bit. "Y-you wanna keep fighting?"

"Heck yeah!" said Sarah. "We can't let the city stay like this!"

Ted nodded. "We have more of a chance that you'd think. We just need to be more clever about it."

"How?" said Irene.

"For starters, you guys need to concentrate all of your attacks on a single enemy. Spreading damage is an inefficient use of resources. Second, you guys need to communicate what you're doing to each other. And third, we gotta have a formation. A front line, specifically."

"What's that?" said Rebecca. 

"Basically, since you're the melee, you gotta go in front of us to draw attention. Sarah and Irene go in the back, giving you back up whenever a creature attacks you, and I'll have to be in the middle, because I'm kind of the healer of the group and I need to reach all of you. Make sense?"

The girls all nodded. Irene then looked at Sarah and whispered:

"You know, your dad's kind of a badass."

Sarah shrugged, doing a poor job of hiding how proud that actually made her feel. Ted ignored it. He had messed with her enough today. 

"Come on girls, we got a city to save!"Hi everyone, it's been a while since I promised this, isn't it? I often wondered if anyone even cared anymore, but I learned to ignore those insecurities. Anyway, as surprising as it might sound, I actually have some good news to share! I'm going to talk about myself a bit, the story, and what my plans are moving forward. Feel free to ignore this if you just want to read the epilogue.

First off, I've kinda turned my life around. I although I've shared before that I had some personal issues these past few years, I always kept them as vague as possible, so I'm happy to report that I'm finally an independent adult taking proper care of himself. Second, I saved up enough money to buy a decent laptop in February, which means I've been able to write consistently for these past few months. Third, I finished the epilogue and I've made some progress with the second book!

...

Should've led with that, right? Yes, the epilogue to Lain's Number is finally done. It's the first link. You might be wondering what took so long. Well, this side story wasn't the original epilogue. It did accomplish everything I wanted the original to do, which was mostly explain the power system, dive a bit into world building, and confirm that Emmett still wasn't under hypnosis at the end of the election (even if he now has to deal with that uncertainty). What was initially supposed to be the original epilogue (second link; the preview I shared in October) grew so much that it turned into the first act of the story. 

Does this mean a sequel is confirmed? 

Hopefully. I mean, I'm still writing it. I'm not sure if it'll ever be published, though. Part of the reason I worked on this story instead was to gauge if people were still interested in reading about this world. I have so many other projects I want to work on (including that one epic fantasy every author wants to write), but my current priority is making sure I can earn a living with my fiction once I graduate. As long as I'm enjoying myself, I'll write for any audience, but starving isn't fun (I learned that this year) so I'm trying to approach monetization with a reasonable strategy. 

I'm going to start promoting a patreon once I finish my next book. That way, I can post chapters consistently every week without worrying about missing deadlines and losing reader faith. I can't say what that book might be. I've been meaning to continue work on , which I left on hiatus to focus on this. This one's a special story I've wanted to do for a long time and I'm very excited about it. It's basically high-stakes magical gambling centered around the five hundredth anniversary of a Magic: the Gathering / Yugioh - like game.

I also worked on a Pokemon Fanfic whenever I needed a palate cleanser these past few months. I'll probably share that soon. I know it might sound strange, but I would hope that I've earned enough goodwill from you fine folk for you to assume that it's not a... normal fanfic. Of course, there's also the third possibility of me continuing work on Lain's Rebellion. What's that you ask? Book two, of course! 

I'll wrap up now. I just want to take a moment to say thank you to all the people who've messaged me since I first shared Lain's Number. Your encouragement is a large part of what kept me going!“She played us like a damn fiddle!” Jessica slammed her fist on the dinner table. Her breath was heavy and quick before she took a moment to compose herself. “I can’t believe she played so low.” Jessica dragged out a chair and sat on it. “I mean, I can, but I didn't think it'd be so early.”

“Well it happened.” I replied, standing next to her. “Congratulations, I’m one-hundred percent on board to beat her now.”

“Oh we will…” Jessica grinned like a lunatic. “There’s no way we're losing to her now, I guarantee it.”

I had a strategy session with Jessica right after I posted my Kaiser article. I hadn’t cooled down yet, and Jessica seemed to be in the same mood as me. She heard about my argument with Tiffany twenty minutes after it happened, but didn’t want to say anything until I explained every detail.

We were talking in her living room, so Amy was there too. Lazily scrolling on her digital tablet atop the couch without a care in the world. She seemed completely ambivalent to the situation, but treated Jessica's ranting as a natural thing, often adding on to her points out of sheer instinct, without displaying any interest at all. 

It was hard to really categorize her as far as, well, anything is concerned. I could loosely see her as a ‘tomboy punk rocker’, with her studded belt and torn jeans, but the way she carried herself was way more feminine than I initially expected. 

Jessica, for the most part, looked cooled off by now. While it felt nice to have someone on my side, her passionate hatred actually made me suspicious of her. I just thought she didn't like Tiffany as a candidate. Does she have her own personal score to settle? 

It bothered me too much, so I went ahead and said:

“Why are you saying we? I’m the one that got slapped here.”
  
“Because this is exactly why I hate this chick. She’s always paying lip service to building shelters and charities, but she’s actually an incredibly vicious person. She’s just tricking her followers. She doesn't give a shit about any of them, or their causes.”

I shook my head. “Nope, I’m not buying this. It sounds too… idealistic for you. You’re not exactly a moral person, you know, considering the whole blackmail thing. Be honest, why do you care so much?”

Jessica blushed. “It’s none of your business.”

“Tiffany Ethyris made fun of Jessica’s bra size once” said Amy. “Ever since that fateful day, Jessica’s sworn revenge on her.”

Jessica hung her head and snapped it towards Amy with the disdain a cat usually demonstrates to its owner. “You didn't have to say that.”

“It's the truth, though.” Amy just kept looking at her tablet, speaking almost monotone with an air of disinterest. “You were gonna make a big deal about it because you were never going to answer him, and he would've been too stubborn to just drop it.” Amy raised her gaze at Jessica, stoic in her expression. “I saw it coming a mile away.” 

Jessica sighed. “Okay. Thanks.”

Jessica looked very self-aware of her breasts now, folding her arms in a subtle attempt to conceal them. It didn’t seem deliberate, though. It was more like a subconscious effort to ease her insecurity. I didn’t get it. Sure, her chest was as flat as day-old soda, but the rest of her beauty more than made up for it. 
 
I shrugged and said:

“That's about as petty as I imagined it would be.”

I then waited until Jessica relaxed to say:

“Can we get this over with? I have stuff to do and I don’t want to waste my time.” 

“Get this over with?” said Jessica. “We have a lot of work ahead of us. Do you even know anything about the electoral system?”

“I assume, people vote and… uhh that's it.”

Jessica shook her head. “I'm talking about the specifics here.”

“Well no but…” 

Jessica narrowed her eyes. 

“Fine.” I pulled a chair and sat next to her. “Please, enlighten me.”

“Okay, so there's two stages where you’ll face off before the general election. The first one is organized by the school paper.” Jessica smirked. “I already know who's moderating this year, so I can get her to lob questions at you that can make you look great there. We can control the narrative of the debate right from the start to suit our best interests.”

I furrowed my brow. “Isn't that… incredibly unethical?”

“There's no rule against it…”

I smiled. “Fine by me, then.”

“Okay, so the second one is the biggest one. It basically dictates the other thing we have to be doing for these next few weeks. Every member of a university sponsored club is usually in attendance, because this is where their yearly budgets are debated. It can get… heated. Having a club president backing you basically means having every vote of that particular club secured.”

“Oh, okay. We just have to make deals with the different clubs throughout the entire election. Win over as much of them to our side and secure all the votes they have.” 

“Yup. The second debate is the night before people vote, so it's basically what we should be focusing on.” 

“So how much of a lead do the other candidates have over me?”

“Excuse me?” said Jessica. 

“I’m the underdog here, that much is obvious, but I need to know by how much. Just gimme a ballpark estimate, it doesn't have to be accurate.”

“It’s not as much as you’d think. Most of the supporters in both camps are people who aren’t in clubs. Sure, logistically speaking, Greenfield and Ethyris have the edge, but that advantage doesn’t translate into a significant percentage of the voting pool. They just have access to more resources. We can beat them if we’re efficient in our approach.”

“Hmm… I see. That means we should focus on the biggest clubs, right? Are any of them already backing Shawn and Tiffany?”

“Some of them, yeah. The official ‘courting period’, where candidates are allowed to approach club presidents, hasn’t started yet, but…”

“...No one really follows that rule, right?”

“Pretty much. I wouldn’t worry about it, though. Part of my job for the newspaper is to keep track of what’s going on and I have sources in basically every influential club. They’re all mostly undecided, some leaning towards Shawn’s side more than Tiffany’s. Except for the XSMG, that one’s firmly under her grasp.”

I squinted, confused. “The what?”

“Xeistorian Society for Marginalized Groups” said Amy, still looking at her tablet. “How can you even attend this university without hearing about them?”

I frowned. “Well excuse me for not caring about petty, school tribalism. Are they important or something?”

Jessica nodded. “They’re basically a conglomerate of every social justice interest in the university. Tiffany founded it a few years ago during her freshman year, and even though she hasn’t been their president for a while, she’s still in charge of it. Just not officially.”

“I’m guessing there’s a rule about club presidents not running in the election, then?”

“Exactly. They’re not a small club, either. They’re like twenty-five percent of the voting pool.”

I closed my eyes and stretched my face downwards, moaning. “Twenty-five percent? Are you kidding me? You said I wasn’t at a big disadvantage! That’s a freaking huge margin, if you ask me.”

“Not necessarily. Sure, you can’t ignore them, but the downside is that everyone else hates them. They’re the ones always staging protests and inconveniencing every other student in campus.”

“Wait, that whole thing in the library last semester. Was that them?”

“Yup! Also, the time people weren’t able to enter the cafeteria was because of them. They were protesting against the slaughterhouse meat served there.”

“I hated them that night. I was working on a group project and we weren’t able to concentrate because of their chanting. I mean, who brings a megaphone into a library?”

Jessica nodded. “This is why I’m not too worried about them. Tiffany might already have their vote, but it’s at the cost distancing herself from every other club.”

“This is actually starting to feel somewhat winnable… Does Tiffany know about what you just told me? About her disadvantage?”

“Of course she does. She’s not an idiot.” Jessica made a smug grin. “I thought you said you could easily win this. Where’s that confidence now?”

I rolled my eyes. “That’s not what I meant. Something about Tiffany’s tone when she was talking to me… it just left me worried. I know a thing or two about over-confidence, and I’m good at reading people, but I didn’t see any of that in her. The way she talked about the election was more like she already knew she would win. There wasn’t a trace of doubt in her words. The only people who can speak like that are people who have an unbeatable trump card.”

“An ace up her sleeve, huh?” Jessica bit her right thumbnail, deep in thought. All her nails were coated with black nail polish, except for the one she was biting. That one was scratched a lot, with only small traces of color left. “I don’t think so. Not to brag, but I know every trick in the book. If someone can exploit this system, it’s me. There’s no way Tiffany found out something I haven’t already thought of.”

I leaned forward on my chair. “Look, this is kind of my thing. I understand people. She wasn’t trying to intimidate me, she was just toying with me, like an animal playing with its food. I hate to admit this, but that bitch is freaking smart. I’ve worked with her; I should know. She wouldn’t have acted like this otherwise.”

Jessica pursed her lips with a shrug. “I think you’re being paranoid. She’s known for backhanded compliments and stepping over people. It’s like she gets off on feeling superior to others. I wouldn’t be surprised if she did this to ease her anxieties.” 

Amy locked her tablet and propped herself upwards on the couch. “Wouldn’t it be easier to just get laid? Whenever *I’m* stressed, I just go to the ol’ Carpet Goat, buy a few drinks and find me a-”

“That’s not what I’m talking about.” Jessica frowned. “A control freak like her wouldn’t feel comfortable with an unexpected candidate. I just think she did this to reassure herself that she’s going to win. Plus, she’s not exactly a normal person…”

Amy grinned. “Takes one to know one, eh?”

Jessica scowled. “If you’re saying that staying home a friday night to watch anime is comparable to creating a cult following for a totalitarian ideology, then I-” She stopped herself and took a deep breath. “Nope, I won’t fall for it. Work on your bait; it’s getting too obvious.”

Amy pouted in disappointment. 

Jessica then looked at me and said:

“What I’m saying is that she hasn’t done anything out of character. I really don’t think she has a master plan or anything. She’s just a power-hungry bitch.”

 I shook my head. “People aren’t that simple, Jessica. Underestimating her will blow up on our faces if we’re not careful. I don’t want the blame if things don’t work out because of this oversight.”

Jessica tilted her head, studying me. She then nodded and said:

“You’re just making up excuses for when we lose, aren’t you?”

“I’m sorry, what? When we lose? I’m not planning on losing, with, or without your help. I can do just fine on my own.”

“You’re only doing this because I’m making you do it! I’m on to you. The obvious move on your part would be to pretend you’re invested in the outcome and sabotage our campaign.” Jessica scoffed. “As if you would know all I just told you. You didn’t even know about the system a few minutes ago!”

“I have my way of doing things. I would’ve found out eventually.”

“Please, I doubt you’ll find someone more informed on this than me.”

I stood up from my chair. “I can literally text someone that is! You’re not that special, okay? I’m not the type of person that gets slapped and doesn’t get payback, so you don’t have to be suspicious of me.”

“I have every right to be suspicious of you! You literally broke into my room.”

“Well, maybe if you weren’t so manipulative, you wouldn’t have to worry about people’s motives! Ever thought of that you smug bi-”

“Children!” shouted Amy. She stood from the couch, gesturing with her hands up and down. “Children, please. Do I have to give you two a time out? We’re all on the same side here, remember?”

I sighed. “And what side is that?”

“The ‘fuck Tiffany Ethyris’ side. Now, I’m just a humble musician so I don’t have much stake in this, but I do think that Miss Ethyris should definitely not be our president. If we want that, we need to put our differences aside and work together.” Amy looked at Jessica. “Accusing others of making excuses won’t help the cause.” She looked at me. “And acting like you’re above our assistance won’t help either, so let's all calm down and focus on what’s important.”

Jessica took a deep breath and said:

“She’s right. Emmett, I’m sorry. It’s just… I have a hard time trusting people and I’m bringing my issues into this. Can we work together or not?”

I nodded. “Yeah… I’m sorry too. I guess I’m still angry at what Tiffany did to me and I’m taking it out on you guys. I have… trust issues too.”

Amy smiled. “Good. Now get back to you political scheming or whatever.”

I turned towards Jessica. “Okay why the hell is she here? I don’t want to stir anything up, but it’s been bothering me since I got here.”

“Because I live here?” said Amy.

Jessica ignored her and said:

“She’s here to teach you stage presence. She’s in a band so she has a lot of experience in dealing with big crowds, which you need. Trust me, it’d be easier without her constant intrusions but we need her.”

Amy frowned. “I’m right here, you know.”

I kept my eyes on Jessica and said:

“Who said I need help with crowds? I’m a great public speaker.”

“Stop ignoring me you jerks!” Amy walked towards us, approaching the table. “And yes, you do need help with stage presence, even if you don’t think you do. Your body language is all over the place, your voice fluctuates erratically when you’re emotional, and your posture makes you look like you’re conceding a point.”

I straightened my spine. “That may be the case, but I’m still not gonna have you boss me around.”

“What? Why?”

“Because you fucking tased me!”

“Because you were sneaking into Jessica’s room!”

“Because she was blackmailing me! Come on! Am I the only one that thinks that was messed up?!?”

Jessica rubbed her temples and said under her breath:

“This is gonna be a long campaign.”


-------------------
-------------------

>Dave lied face down atop a crag of scarlet rock, moaning because of his throbbing head. Leveling himself clumsily once he stood up, he scratched his head and saw the landscape ahead of him. Pillars of fire were scattered as far as the eye could see, supporting a roof of obsidian stone, while winged monstrosities flying through the air uttered a bone-grinding screech. 

*"Hell..."* thought Dave. *"Well, I can't really say I'm surprised."* 

Shrugging with a vacant look on his face, Dave started walking through the dusty plains since there wasn't anything else to do. He wasn't a religious person in life, so he didn't really know if there was any proper *hell protocol* for his recent arrival. Maybe an orientation for newly damned souls, or at least welcoming booth in the entrance. He at least  expected *something*, anything, to happen. And he was correct in that assumption, because after walking for about an hour a green skinned demon approached him with a smile.

"Hello Dave!" said the monster. "Welcome to hell! We've been expecting you for a couple of decades now."

"I... uhh... I don't know if I should take this as an act of hospitality, or an insult."

"Hospitality, of course! Your Aunt Sally's never stopped talking about you ever since she got here! She's been waiting for you eagerly all this time!"

"Aunt Sally...? But she was the most hardcore christian I ever knew. Wait. Why *was* she waiting for me?"

"Oh, that's because she said that, out of all of her nephews, you were the one most likely to end up here. She also said she always tried to set you straight and you never followed her guidance. At least you're going to be reunited again!"

Dave breathed deeply and closed his eyes. This *had* to be a joke. Satan is probably disguising himself like his most dreaded aunt in an effort to torture his spirit. After all, spending those summers organizing church events and bake sales were the closest thing he experienced to a hell on Earth. If Lucifer was taking notes from his aunt, then this place truly resided as far away from God as metaphysically possible.

-----------------------------

"I said line up those chairs up as straight as possible!" screamed Aunt Sally. "They're more crooked than the posture of a scoliosis patient! *This* is why you're all in hell! You're all lazy bums! Do any of you take pride in your work?" 

A demon looked backwards sheepishly and said:

"We're in hell, ma'am! Why *should* we take pride in this?"

"Because I said so!" Aunt Sally cracked her whip. "If you're gonna work under me, then you're damn well going to do it perfectly."

Turning around from her workers, Aunt Sally wiped sweat off her brown and smiled. Her assistant Azazel was climbing up the slope, and her nephew Dave followed him suit. She finally wasn't going to be so alone here in Hell.

----------------------------------

Dave reached the summit of *"Mt. Suffering"* with barely a drop of sweat dripping down his face. He was oddly surprised at the fact that he wasn't tired. Maybe exhaustion just wasn't a thing that happened in hell. That would actually make sense, in a twisted kind of way, since that meant that you could work eternally without needing a break. Dave nodded to himself. This place was perfect for Aunt Sally. 

Thousands of empty chairs were lined up, with thousands more being dragged and organized by demons of all shapes and sizes. They faced an empty field without anything noteworthy taking up place. Just more pillars of fire and horrible creatures flying about. Aunt Sally supervised the workers with her signature scowl, cracking her whip with a judgmental gaze that could crumble the self-esteem of the most confident man. 

*"She even kept her whip into the afterlife..."* thought Dave. *"I guess she was really attached to that thing..."*

Aunt Sally turned around, smiling at Dave. She then walked up to him and said:

"Davy! You're finally here! I knew you would come eventually!"

Dave rolled his eyes, sighed, and said:

"It's... *good* to see you Aunt Sally. So, are you like a manager here or something? Did Satan give you a supervising position?"

"Satan?" Aunt Sally scoffed. "That brat barely ran this place before I came! If anything, I took over his job!"

"Oh..." Dave gulped. "That's great! But Aunt, don't you find it weird that you're in hell?"

"At first, yes, but I then remembered something very important about the Lord."

"What?"

"That he has a plan for everyone, including a loyal servant like me."

"Really? You don't think you're here because of your... peculiar attitude on Earth?"

"What? Of course not! I was a saint! Back on Earth, I always made sure to punish every faggot and queer I could find, so I figured that's why the Lord sent me here. To finally bring some discipline to the monsters that live here!"

"Oh god..."

Aunt Sally cracked her whip and said:

"Don't use the Lord's name in vain!"

"Y-yes, ma'am."

Dave then joined the demons lining up chairs and started working. Apparently, there really wasn't a *point* to lining up these chairs. It was just busy work that Aunt Sally came up with. The demons told Dave that they tried a coup d'etat once and ended up working on this project. Before, they were just baking cookies and preaching on every corner of hell about the bible. Beating up a couple of homosexuals every once in a while too, but in a lovingly fashion. After hearing this, Dave shook his head and slouched. It was his tenth grade summer vacation all over again.Bounty hunters sometimes need unorthodox tools to get the job done. Captain Skko learned this for the first time when pursuing an Illsoth, a rare type of assassin with unique biology that allowed them to evade any type of digital surveillance. Unfortunately for this species, an apex predator from another side of the galaxy just so happened to be incredibly competent at detecting an odorless pheromone that the Illsoth's secreted. Acquiring this "Feline" descendant became a painful ordeal, but the price on the assassin's head was too high to ignore and Captain Skko never backed down from a challenge, even if they lost some of the crew just to capture the creature.

Now, the ship headed to the solar system where the Illsoth was last seen. Everyone on the bridge seemed quietly elated to finally get this bounty done, including Captain Skko. They were eight hours away from their destination. Just enough time to get some rest before the real hunt began. 

An emergency alarm broke through the silence.

Captain Skko twitched his third eye. "What. Now."

"Umm... sir? There seems to be a breach in-" The navigator paused in disbelief. "Oh no..."

"What?" said Captain Skko. "Out with it!"

"The feline escaped..."

Captain Skko widened his eyes. "How?"

"Someone opened its cage!"

"Wake up Guya" shouted Captain Skko. "Now!"

-------

After setting the ship on high-alert, the Captain had to wait twenty minutes before Guya, the first mate, arrived to the bridge with the culprit responsible. It was Adam, the resident human. Nobody on the bridge could believe it. Captain Skko knew that humans were prone to inconvenient bouts of empathy, but Adam was a model crew member. He would never endanger the lives of his fellow mates. 

Adam raised his gaze with shame. "H-hi, captain."

"What did you do?"

Adam looked away.

"Tell him!" said Guya. 

"I uhh... I let the kitty out for a bit."

Captain Skko frowned. "Kitty?"

"That's what we call those adorable, fluffy, huggable, fellas on Earth!"

Guya blinked a few times, astonished. "That creature is an eight-feet tall monstrosity with glowing fur and claws harder than any known metal."

"And it killed two people" said Captain Skko.

"But it's so cute!"

Guya smacked him on the head.

Adam winced, but didn't complain.

"Why?" said Captain Skko, holding back every instinct to beat the hell out of this insubordinate idiot. "You've ruined the mission!"

Adam shook his head. "I disagree. The kitty was miserable in the cage. It will never help us if we keep it locked up."

Guya gaped his mouth. "It will murder everyone before we even reach the solar system!"

"Nah" said Adam. "It just wants to play. If you don't try to hurt it, it'll just prowl around until it takes a nap."

Captain Skko sighed. "Guya, take Adam to brig. Then send for someone to handle the... kitty."

"Already on it, sir."

"Also, make sure they don't kill it. We still need it for the bounty."

Guya swallowed. "That might be a problem..."

Captain Skko glared at him. "Why?"

"I sent Kress and Fod after it."

Captain Skko facepalmed. Those two were always looking for a fight. Before he could message them, the navigator reported that the duo was already confronting the creature.

-------------

The feline lunged out of the shadows in a long corridor. Kress ducked out of the way, but Fod didn't notice it on time. The creature tackled him to the floor and started sniffing him. Kress shot it a few times to no avail. Conventional lasers were ineffective. It started licking Fod, peeling away layers of his armor. Kress took a step back in horror. The monster had a serrated tongue!  

Kress swallowed down his fear and jumped on its back, wrapping his tentacles around the creature's neck. Fod squirmed out of danger. The feline jumped around at an insane pace, trying to shake him off. Kress squeezed with all his might. He couldn't strangle it. The feline slipped out of his tentacles and sent him flying into a wall. 

Fod nodded at Kress. They knew they had one option left. Lock down both sides of the corridor, enable the emergency release, and send the feline into space. The captain would probably get mad at losing a segment of the ship, but the risk was too big to allow the creature to live. Fod sprinted towards the control panel. 

The feline craned its head at him, preparing to run.

Kress stood up. He couldn't allow it to reach Fod. When the feline sprung forward, Kress wrapped his tentacles around its hind legs, making it trip. 

Fod was halfway there.

The feline stared at Kress and hissed a terrible sound, cutting his tentacles with a clean swipe.

Fod didn't stop after hearing his comrade scream in agony. He couldn't afford to lose focus. The creature headed towards him now. Fod reached the control panel. He needed to wait until Kress was out of the hallway. His friend started crawling away, but the feline was almost near the control panel. 

"Do it!" shouted Kress. "Forget about me!"

Fod stared at him, unable to act. He couldn't kill his friend. 

"Just do it!"

The feline pounced towards him.

Fod punched the button, locking the room with a thick metal wall. The feline bent the wall after slamming against it. It then started clawing away at it, generating an ear-shattering noise as it tore through its layers. This wouldn't last long. Fod had to activate the emergency release, but he couldn't muster the courage to kill Kress along with the creature. An eerie stillness rippled through his body. This was the only solution. Before he could follow through on it, a hologram popped out of the control panel:

"Don't kill it!" said the mini-Guya. "Captain's orders."

Fod relaxed a bit. "Sir, Kress is locked in with it and the metal walls won't hold for much longer."

"I know; We're sending more men to keep it distracted."

"What about you?"

"I'm gonna have a chat with our... resident expert."

-----------------

Adam was handcuffed to a chair in the brig. He didn't have a care in the world. Guya couldn't understand how a creature so empathetic was capable of doing something this reckless. He needed to probe the human for some answers.

"You really don't see a problem with this, don't you?"

Adam shrugged. "Y'all are getting too worked up by a kitty."

"It's a monster than can easily kill everyone on board."

"Just like every other crew member."

Guya wrinkled his nose, confused. "It's not the same."

Adam rolled his eyes. "Really? I thought we were all here because we were too dangerous for our planets."

Guya sighed. He hated that Adam had a point. The feline didn't even know where it was. 

"Look," said Adam, "kitties are very useful pets. If we're gonna have one, I think we should make an effort to have it be part of the crew."

"It tried to eat Fod."

"Because we haven't fed it properly in over a day!"

"That still doesn't excuse releasing it!"

Adam pouted. "It was really docile when I played with it."

Guya shook his head. "I had my reservations over using it, but this isn't a pet-"

The only door in the room bent after a loud crash. Guya tensed up. It folded again, and this time a dark claw poked a hole through it. 

A hologram of Fod appeared, who said:

"Sir, the creature is trying to get into the brig!"

"I told you to keep it distracted!"

"I-I know, sir, but it got bored of us after a while and started sniffing around."

Adam smiled. "Hey! I think it wants to play with me!"

Guya ignored him. Captain Skko then materialized in another hologram, saying:

"Guya, have you thought of another solution?"

"Sorry, captain. We might need to kill it."

"No!" shouted Adam.

"We're going to die!" shouted Guya.

The feline was tearing through the door. It would only last for a few more minutes.

"I have an idea!" said Adam.

"No!" said Guya.

"Oh come on!" moaned Adam.

"Let's hear him out" said Captain Skko.

Guya hung his head, defeated. 

Adam perked up. "Okay, this will be easy. We're gonna have to use the biggest sedative known to felines..."

----------

Captain Skko took a deep breath. The feline had almost broken the door to the brig. The rest of the crew currently stood behind a corner, watching him with an uneasy silence. This was the biggest challenge Captain Skko had ever faced. Adam swore it would work, but he didn't exactly inspire much confidence. 

The plan was simple. Hand the kitty a giant bowl full of warm milk and hope it was enough to make it fall asleep. Captain Skko was the only person who could do this. He wasn't going to risk another crew member's life with this, especially with such a risky plan. 

The feline perked up its ears. Captain Skko slowly waddled towards it, carrying a bowl bigger than his own head. The feline sniffed a few times, widening its eyes when it saw the milk. 

Captain Skko froze in place. That stare was horrifying. The onlooking crew members gasped. Some even turned away because they couldn't bear to watch. 

The creature carefully approached him. 

Captain Skko offered up the bowl. 

The feline looked at the bowl, then looked at Captain Skko, and... started licking the milk.

Captain Skko remained stoic. It was the tensest minute of his life. The feline slurped up the entire bowl, curled up into a ball, and purred until falling asleep.

The crew wanted to cheer for the captain, but remembered they didn't want to wake up the beast. They had to leave the feline there while Guya and Adam sneaked out of the brig. The rest of the mission went off without a hitch. After reaching the target solar system, Kitty (as the crew learned to call the feline) easily hunted down the Illsoth for them and, from then on, became one of the most beloved member of the crew, second only to Adam, who cared for it the most.Individuals often build their identities around undisclosed motivations. Even Melissa was guilty of this. She joined the police without ever revealing her power which, for example, made it really awkward when she discovered the chief was a serial adulterer. Yeah. For better or worse, it becomes significantly difficult to see someone the same way once you know what they're hiding. That didn't help in this case, though.

Melissa sighed in front of the art gallery. After weeks of attacks on noteworthy art installations around the city, leads had dried up. Melissa had interrogated dozens of suspects without any progress. Only two conclusions made sense here: the villain somehow didn't know they were a villain or their villainy wasn't their biggest secret. Melissa couldn't tell which one she preferred. Either way, she now had to resort to some desperate measures in order to prevent further attacks on the city. 

This gallery, which was officially named *'The Gallery'* for some confusing reason, was owned by a man called Clarence Woodwick. It housed the works of elite artists in the region and even some international creators who couldn't get into a better place. When Melissa first spoke with Clarence, she dismissed him as a suspect. His biggest secret was the fact that he hated the art community in this city despite being a big figure in it. A seemingly mundane thing to hide but, from his perspective, he'd be more ashamed of that than his rage.

Melissa knew it had to be him. His aloof, snooty demeanor communicated how little he cared about everything. The man didn't even acknowledge Melissa when she approached him. He was busy speaking with a group before she cleared her throat a few time to get his attention.

Clarence didn't look happy with her presence. His secret hadn't changed, though. After exchanging some pleasantries, he ushered Melissa to the side and said:

"Detective, I thought you were done with me. Is there a problem?"

"The attacks are still happening. How can that not be a problem?"

Clarence glanced away. "Right..."

"You look distracted."

"Because I am. I've been organizing exhibitions and arranging projects all week."

"Must be hard."

Clarence shrugged. "I don't mind it."

"Yes, with all the installations getting attacked, you should be getting a lot of work these days."

Clarence frowned. "What are you implying?"

"Nothing, nothing. I'm sure you're pained by the vandalism."

"Of course I am! I get plenty of work on my own. If you're accusing me of taking advantage of the situation..."

"I'm not."

"Good, because I don't need to tear down other art to make mine stand out. Envy is for amateurs."

"I never said otherwise."

"You did everything but spell it out."

Melissa raised her hands, gesturing an apology. "I'm just here to clear up an inconsistency in your alibi. I didn't mean to provoke you."

Clarence rubbed his temples. "Fine. Get on with it."

"In your testimony you mentioned you were present for the fourth attack, correct?"

"I was a speaker for the opening ceremony. Pretty hard not to  notice anything."

"Yes, witnesses have confirmed this but, strangely enough, nobody saw you after the incident was over. Why is this?"

Clarence stiffened up. "Well, given the commotion, it wouldn't surprise me nobody noticed me afterwards."

Melissa chuckled. "Yeah, I figured."

Clarence relaxed a bit. 

"Still, why didn't the cameras spot you then?"

"Erm... happenstance?"

Melissa shook her head. "Don't get me wrong, I don't think you're guilty, but you gotta admit this is pretty suspicious..."

"Right, right." Clarence wiped away some perspiration accumulating on his brow. "I don't know what else to tell you. I was there!"

"I never said you weren't."

Clarence widened his eyes. "You... you think I'm behind the attacks, don't you?"

Melissa ignored him. "About the artist in the exhibition..."

Clarence narrowed his eyes. "What about him?"

"You both attended the same art school, right?"

"Yes..."

"And, from my research, it seems you were always seen as the most skilled in your class."

Clarence chortled. "I don't like to boast... but yes, by far."

"Then why is your colleague more renowned today?"

Clarence scowled. "He is most certainly *not*!"

"I dunno, from what I gather, you weren't even considered for an installation."

"Y-you can't know that!"

Everyone in the gallery noticed the outburst. Several old ladies gasped at his volume. Clarence didn't care. He pointed at them while looking at Melissa and saying:

"These idiots have shit taste! They wouldn't know good art if beat them over the head with its greatness! You think I need this? I don't need this. I don't need anyone!" He raised his voice even more. "I hate all of you! None of you deserve me. None! After all I've done for this city, everything I gave to create a community here, all I got was some lousy sloppy seconds, and even when I'm willing to do that, you..." He pointed at Melissa. "...you condescending bitch, you come into MY gallery and rub it in my face? Screw you! Screw all of you! The Gallery is closed! I want everyone gone, NOW!"

Clarence stormed off into his office. Stunned silence permeated the room. Melissa smirked. This was the opportunity she needed. Now that Clarence had revealed his biggest secret, a new one would be generated in a few minutes by Melissa's power. His villainy would be stopped today! Employees began to move people out of the store. Melissa went along with it, leaving the gallery and sitting in a coffeehouse across the street. She needed to wait for Clarence to leave in order to see his new secret. This wouldn't be admissible evidence, but the certainty of knowing his identity would make it easier to build a case. 

Unfortunately, when Clarence left *'The Gallery'*, Melissa discovered something more troubling than she originally imagined. Clarence really loved art. He worked so hard on it because it was the only way he was comfortable with expressing himself after years of emotional abuse from his family. Melissa did her best to hide her tears. She was wrong. Clarence wasn't the villain. The fact that there was an attack on the other side of the city a few minutes later only made it more obvious. Melissa felt completely lost for a moment, but knew she needed to get back to work. Not only did she need to catch the villain, now she also had to figure out a way to make it up to Clarence as well.A single human concert on a backwater planet is capable of throwing an entire solar system into bloody anarchy. The danger also grew exponentially when dealing with the genre known as "rock" which, unfortunately for Gorak, was incredibly popular on his planet as of late. As minister of foreign affairs and a respected member of the Galactic Federation Council, he couldn't just simply ban the upcoming performance since it would make him look prejudiced, which put him in the tricky situation of having to dissuade these humans from playing without exposing the extent of their powers to themselves. 

Gorak sighed, exiting the turbolift. A guitar melody echoed down the corridor, smacking him across the face. His body throbbed in discomfort the closer the music got to a climax and, to his horror, he found himself enthralled until it ended. When he found the courage to enter the meeting room, he could only whisper:

"Fuck."

The room stank of alcohol. Pizza clung to the ceiling and soot stained every surface imaginable. Gorak blinked in dismay at the mess. They had only been in this room for twenty minutes.

Gorak frowned. No. His people wouldn't go down like this. Not if he had anything to say about it. The band, of course, hadn't even noticed his presence. They treated him like an attendant until he regained his composure and said:

"I'm the minister of foreign affairs. We need to establish some rules before you enter the planet."

The one holding a guitar raised an eyebrow.

"Boo!" said a particularly hairy one sitting across the table. 

"Calm down Russ," said the apparent leader, "we can't do the gig if we don't get along."

Gorak straightened up. Maybe they could be reasonable. "Very well, errmh, first of all, you aren't allowed to directly speak to the audience or deviate from your lyrics. At all. You can only sing what you submitted."

The guitarist frowned. 

"That's bullshit" said the hairy one. 

The leader chuckled. "Fine."

"Second, you won't be allowed to see, or be seen by, the audience. You'll be enclosed in a room without a video feed."

"What?!?" said the guitarist.

The hairy one stood up, but the leader stopped him, saying:

"Wait!" He turned to Gorak. "Can we at least keep our pyro? We gotta give *something* to the crowd."

Gorak forced a smile. "Sure..."

The hairy one sat down again. 

"And lastly, we would like you to thank the government of Dacrosie for being so accommodating."

The guitarist rolled his eyes. "Whatever."

The hairy one shrugged.

"What?" The leader narrowed his eyes. "No!"

The guitarist chuckled. "What's the problem Paul? I thought we needed to get along."

"Yeah..." The hairy one smirked. "This isn't a big deal."

"Fuck off! I'm the one who actually has to say it!"

Gorkad did his best to hide his excitement. The plan was working! "We would never want you to go against your ideals. If the request is too much, we can cancel the event with no problems. You'll still get your payday and we'll even craft a cover story that doesn't make the band look bad."

The band members all looked at each other, even the bassist, who had been in a corner this whole time without bringing attention to himself. 

"Nah" said the leader. "We're good."

"A-are you sure?"

"Yup" said the guitarist. "We know what you're up to."

Gorak stiffened up. Did they know the secret of their music?

"Yeah," said the hairy one, "you're just as prejudiced as the other planets. Fake smiles, passive-aggressive, treating us like we're idiots."

Gorak almost fainted. This was a worst case scenario. He needed to alert the council. The leader then said:

"You think we're greedy douche bags just because we're human!"

Gorak paused. Relief flushed his system when he processed the words. They just thought he was bribing them because he didn't like their music. "N-no, I would never-"

"We're gonna play no matter what. End of discussion. We'll do anything you ask. Jerry will even suck your cock on stage... if you have one."

The bassist squinted in disgust. "Eh?"

"Yeah!" said the hairy one. "Jerry will do anything for the band. He's ride or die."

"I am not-" said the bassist.

"*Anything*" emphasized the guitarist. 

"I hate all of you."

Gorak left the room bewildered. They agreed to all the rules so everything should work out just fine, but he couldn't help but feel worried about their tone. It was almost like they were aware something else was going on. That didn't make sense, though. If they knew what they could do, why wouldn't they just try to conquer the galaxy? After the show ended, Gorak found the answer as he escaped the planet in tears. Humans cared more about expressing themselves than anything else. They wanted to share that sense of freedom with every other species, even at the cost of personal safety. This artistic integrity was admirable, and equally terrifying, since it drove them to rebel in the face of authority with uncanny creativity. 

As soon as the band got ready to perform, they used their pyrotechnics to blow up the wall between them and the audience, got the crowd to chant "Fuck Minister Gorak" when the organizers cut mics, and started a riot with their opening song that spread throughout the planet as the concert continued.The world needed to change. Duncan knew it wouldn't be easy, but he was resigned to that fact from the very start. He taught himself how to code in a public library, worked his way through business school on minimum wage, and clawed his way to the top of Silicon Valley with plenty of betrayals and sacrifices along the way. Getting to this position was incredibly difficult and, if Duncan wanted to make his vision a reality, he was pretty sure it would only get worse. But, to his surprise, Duncan couldn't stop himself from cracking a smile when he was first invited into this mysterious club. 

They were all grouped together in one convenient organization. How dumb was that? Even if their assets were shuffled and hidden in tax havens and shell companies, the fact that they relied on each other only made them an easier target. Their interconnectedness was their greatest weakness. Destroy the key figures and the rest would crumble under its own weight.

The initiation took place on a remote island in the middle of the Pacific. Security was incredibly tight. Merely getting to the location required an overly complicated travel route on an unassuming boat, with scans and thorough pat downs once they disembarked on the port. A fancy helicopter then transported them deeper into the island. Duncan slacked his jaw when they went over the first mountain on the horizon. It was beautiful. Exotic trees enveloped the land with a lush green foliage, and flocks of colorful birds flew in and out of the canopy as the helicopter passed them by. Duncan leaned back on his chair, growing tenser with every second that passed. There weren't any roads. He would be trapped with these people for the duration of his stay. As if being on an island with them wasn't bad enough.

Once they made it to the resort, Duncan was escorted to his room. One of the servants offered to help him unpack his luggage, but Duncan asked to be left alone to settle himself in. The servant insisted on helping. Duncan frowned and refused once again. When it seemed like the servant was about to beg, Duncan threw the door on his face. It was obvious his superiors wanted him to keep an eye on Duncan.

If there was such a thing as a ten-star hotel, this would be it. These quarters felt more like a penthouse than a room, with a stocked kitchen, expensive furniture, and everything necessary to continue running his business while he was there. Duncan wasn't going to do anything, though. Cellphones weren't allowed here, and he knew how easy it would be to monitor his internet connection for any sensitive information. 

An hour later, as he finished unpacking and organizing his clothes, Duncan heard a knock on the door. Great. Things weren't supposed to start until later that night, so this was probably yet another person sent to spy on him. Duncan opened the door ready to cuss out whoever it was, but quickly held his tongue when he saw the person that knocked. 

It was Frank Grent. THE Frank Grent. The most elusive billionaire on the planet. Common folk didn't know who he was, and he spent a lot of his fortune to keep it that way throughout the decades. The only reason Duncan recognized him was because they both attended a charity banquet once. Back then, Duncan wasn't even able to get a word with him, and now here he was, wearing khakis and a Hawaiian shirt with a cordial smile on his face.

"Can I help you?" said Duncan.

"Not if you throw the door in my face!" Frank bellowed a hearty laugh. "I kid, I kid, I was just hoping to say hello before the initiation began. Mind if I come in?"

"Uhh... sure."

Frank walked into living room. "Wow, I can't believe they put you here."

"Yeah, it's amazing that-"

"It's so small!" 

Duncan raised an eyebrow, confused.

"No wonder you were angry at the help." Frank shook his head, almost like he felt embarrassed. "This won't stand. A man of your stature, who worked so hard for his fortune, shouldn't have to tolerate this treatment. I'll make sure you get a villa before the end of the night. Would you prefer it Victorian or Edwardian?"

"I..."

Frank chortled. "Why am I even asking? I'll give you a tour after the ceremony so you can see them before you choose."

"Please, Mister Grent, that's not really necessary. I can make due with this."

"No, no, please don't feel the need to be modest." Frank sat down on the sofa, crossing his leg. "I also wanted to reassure you that you're free to treat our staff however you see fit. You can beat 'em, spit on 'em, even force yourself on them if that's what you're into. We practically own them!" He chuckled. "Actually, scratch that, we literally own them."

"Noted."

"Oh, and we've already taken care of the young man from the incident."

Duncan widened his eyes. "You didn't..."

"Oh no..." Frank sighed, rubbing his forehead. "You wanted to take care of him yourself, didn't you? I apologize. "

"That's not... There seems to be some mistake here."

"How so?"

"I didn't want him punished! I was just... cranky."

"Oh." Frank grew serious. "I see."

"I'm afraid I'm lost here."

"Then I'll guide you." Frank leaned forward, scowling. "Do you know how long I've been running this organization?"

"I didn't even know-"

"Exactly. *That's* how much work I've put into it." Frank stood up. "This world is a mess. It's been that way ever since I was born. Do you know *why* I built this place?"

Duncan opened his mouth to reply.

"Rhetorical question" said Frank, interrupting him. "We're a lot alike, Duncan. We both *earned* our power. We understand better than anyone else how hard it is to climb the ladder. How would you feel if, after all the work you put in, some uneducated idiots with nothing to lose got to choose who runs the world?" He started pacing around the room. "How would you feel if, *because* of those uneducated idiots, the world was suddenly flipped on you and everything you worked for got taken away?" He raised his voice. "And how would you feel if it all happened only because they were too insecure about their own inferiority?!?" He scoffed. "Give me a break. There's only two important things in this world, Duncan. Power, and the willingness to use it. This isn't just about money. I can assure you there's no shortage of entitled idiots on this island, but at least these are idiots I can *control*."

"Why are you even telling me this?" 

"Because I can spot a goodie two-shoes from a mile away. The fools on this island? They won't do a goddamn thing to each other. They're too scared to betray themselves because their wealth is interconnected. Mutual funds, bonds, stocks, they're all so mixed up in each other's business that they can't hurt anyone without bankrupting themselves. And the funniest part is, they willingly did it to themselves! You promise 'em more money and they bark at the chance to earn just a little bit more, as if they needed it!" Frank laughed before scowling again. "People like you, though... Well, you probably think you can earn your wealth back if you desired it. Heck, you might even be fine with living in poverty if meant 'changing the world', whatever that means. So I'll just make clear what's at stake. I've already made the arrangements decades ago, so if anything were to happen to my organization, not only will I murder and rape anyone even tangentially related to you, not only will I burn everything you hold dear to the ground, but I will also plunge the world into a nuclear hellscape that humanity will never recover from, and sip on a margarita while I do it. Do not. Fuck. With me. Understood?"

Duncan remained silent.

"Good." Frank smiled. "And please, enjoy your stay. Remember that we're all in this together!"

Duncan fell to his knees after Frank left. He was a fool. Frank, and all the other rich assholes here, had rigged the game from the start. No matter how much Duncan thought about it, the only option he had was to play along. Why did he even think he could accomplish this? Duncan grit his teeth. He refused to let it end this way. And then he sighed. It was easy to talk big like that, but he didn't even know where to begin. He was completely alone. 

No. Duncan stood up. There had to be others on this island who thought like him. He needed to gain allies and dethrone Frank before he could do any damage. Duncan frowned. This organization was old. Duncan couldn't be the first person to attempt this plan. Frank probably had plenty of countermeasures to prevent a coup. Duncan clenched his fist. It didn't matter. Since when did the difficulty of a task stop him from trying? Duncan smirked. Success had made him complacent. This was exactly what Duncan signed up for when he decided to make his dream come true. By the time he put on his tuxedo and readied himself for the initiation, Duncan was fired up. The world was going to change, even if he had to go through hell and back.The rain had already died out when I got back to my apartment. The weather was still cold, but I wasn’t in a state of mind to notice it. I went to my bathroom, took off my damp clothes, and inspected the taser wound in front of the mirror. It looked like a nasty rash. Small red dots cluttered together in an oval shape, reaching the upper part of my shoulder. I touched it and winced. It still hurt a lot, but the pain wasn’t anything out of the ordinary. I then took a hot shower and changed into my sleeping clothes, mostly in a dazed state. 

I couldn’t get any sleep once I tucked myself into bed. My mind was too busy thinking about what had just happened to me, making me tumble and turn without any chance for rest. 

I had been an idiot. I wasn’t able pull off something so simple in theory. I thought I could get away from Jessica’s influence, but I only ended up making things worse for myself. I rubbed my eyes and pulled down on my face, sighing while I did it. I was ignoring the one thing that worried me the most, distracting myself with petty thoughts to avoid it.

Could I really rule the world? I could tell myself that tonight was just bad luck on my part, but that just sounds like a convenient excuse. I could’ve done things better. I was too impulsive here, I mostly just acted out a quick plan that I really didn’t think through. I got out of bed and picked up my phone. I had to text Lain. I had to know what I did wrong here, so that I could fix it in the future. 

“Why did I get caught?”

“Because you left Jessica’s door open when you sneaked into her room.”

I frowned. “What’s that got to do with anything?”

“Jessica never leaves her door open when she’s away. Amy initially checked up on you and saw the bathroom lights on, but noticed that Jessica’s room was open before she went back to the living room.”

I nodded and locked my phone. It figures. I thought I was being clever by not making much noise, but being paranoid about it backfired on me. I walked to my kitchen and poured myself a glass of water. I took a sip, closing my eyes afterwards. 

What the hell did I just get myself into? I didn‘t want to run for student council president. The less I stayed in the public eye, the easier it would be for me to be Kaiser. I groaned. I got caught up in the moment and boasted about this being a piece of cake, but the more I thought about it, the more I realized it would be a lot of hard work. Shawn had spent this past month preparing for his campaign. I know this because I saw him do it, and I even made fun of him for spending so much energy on it. I wouldn’t be surprised if Tiffany Ethyris did the same. 

Organizing rallies, coordinating with the school faculty, and spreading flyers or posters about my platform. I was now forced to do all of these things, when for the last month I’d mostly been doing whatever I felt like. I wouldn’t be able to keep up my online rankings if I had to campaign. I’d even have to give up getting high everyday. I wasn’t going to stop working on my blog, but pretty much everything I do for leisure would have to stop now. 

I shook my head and clenched my fist. I had to stop being so negative. Maybe this could end up being fun. I can’t deny that it’s good training for my future plans. I might even learn a thing or two along the way. 

I wasn’t looking forward to telling Shawn, though. There really isn’t a good explanation for my predicament without resorting to a complicated lie. Should I tell him the truth? No. He’d just get pissed that I never told him I was Kaiser. Regardless, now wasn’t the time to think about that. I’ll deal with it when the moment comes. I also wasn’t looking forward to dealing with Tiffany during my lab with her. 

I shrugged. I barely talk to her. I just listen to her orders and follow the procedures because that’s the easiest way to get an A in that class. Who knows? Maybe she'll act mature about it. 

I finished my glass of water and went back to bed. I still couldn’t sleep. I needed to get high. I didn’t have much weed left, but it was enough to make a decently packed joint. My thoughts got sluggish after ten minutes, so I stopped when I was half-way through the joint, saving it for another time.

 As I drifted off to sleep, I realized things weren’t as bad as they seemed. I had a week until I was officially announced as a candidate, so I had time to talk to Shawn about it. Tiffany might not even bring it up during our lab. It's a long shot, but it could happen. I closed my eyes, finally relaxing. I was probably making a big deal out of nothing.

-------------------------------
-------------------------------

I knocked on Shawn’s door. Today was the day I wouldn’t be able to hide my candidacy anymore, so I went to his apartment as soon as I could. I kept staring at the floor, dragging my foot forwards and backwards while waiting for him to answer. I’d been hanging out with Shawn all week, just shooting the shit and getting high, like usual, but I never spoke to him the election. Don’t get me wrong, I tried. It’s just that every time I was close to telling him, I got self-aware about the fact that I was going to lie to him. 

As a rule, I don’t like lying to my friends. It’s not that I can’t do it, I’m actually very good at it… Too good, really. I developed a reputation for being incredibly deceitful back in highschool, so I don’t like doing stuff like that anymore. I bend the truth as much as I can, I use technicalities in wording to get away with things, I even keep people off subject to distract them, but I always avoid saying something that isn’t at least partially true. 

Telling a lie is the easiest way to get caught when doing something dishonest. Now, unfortunately, was one of the rare times when I actually had to straight up lie. I’d gone over it all week, thinking how I’d tell a half-truth to explain my situation, but I wasn’t able to come up with anything that didn’t sound contrived. I took a deep breath and exhaled. Hopefully Shawn would never find out.

A few seconds later Shawn opened the door and ushered me in without a word. I had to stop for a moment and examine what he was wearing, because it was too strange for me to ignore. 

Shawn was dressed like a clown. A full costume, with a purple wig, a big red nose, and yellow shoes as big as Sora’s from Kingdom Hearts. My mouth gaped before I said:

“Dude… what the hell?”

Shawn frowned, which looked very weird because he had painted a big smile on his face as part of his makeup. “I was about to say the same thing. Why didn’t you tell me?”

“About what?”

“About you running in the election!”

“I uhh, that’s why I’m here… But I wanted you to find out through me! How did you know?”

Shawn rolled his eyes. “Don’t play coy here. How *wasn’t* I supposed to know with all the advertising you did today?”

“Advertising?”

“Yeah, this might surprise you, but I actually read the university’s newspaper.” Shawn walked over to his kitchen table and grabbed a copy of the Xeistoria University Post. “How the hell did you get a front page editorial promoting your campaign? By freaking Jessica Illus of all people! God, I’ve been trying to win her over ever since I was nominated! And the flyers… Don’t get me started on the flyers! They’re all over campus!”

I blinked a few times, took the newspaper from Shawn, and stared at it in disbelief. There was a big picture of me on the front page. It was a good shot of me, too. I was all dressed up for my honor society’s inauguration that day, so my hair was combed and I had a fancy suit on. How did Jessica get her hands on it? No, there’s no point in questioning it. I have to get over the fact that she can be very resourceful. 

I read a few paragraphs, mouthing the words silently to myself. She even explained my platform in the article! I felt somewhat annoyed that she decided by herself what my stances were, but as I kept reading, I kept agreeing with everything I supposedly stood for. It was like a toned-down version of a Kaiser blog post, adjusted for a college environment. Brilliant, really. 

“Well,” said Shawn, “are you going to explain yourself or what?”

“Yeah, I will… It’s just that…” I dragged out a chair and sat near the kitchen table. “This is too much to process right now. I can explain, but it’s a bit absurd. Can we like, get high before I get started?”

Shawn narrowed his eyes slightly, but nodded. He went into his room and brought out his bong, along with a few nugs of weed. As he set everything up and searched for a lighter, I relaxed my shoulders with a satisfied grin. Maybe I wouldn’t have to lie here. If I could keep Shawn off the subject of Kaiser, which would be easy if we’re both blazed, I might not even need to bend the truth. Shawn sat next to me. We took a few hits before I felt sufficiently high and then I said:

“Look… This whole election thing…” I giggled. “This isn’t entirely of my own volition. I’m… a puppet in this situation. I see the strings, but if I severed them, I’d be left limp with no support. I’d be screwing myself over, you see?”

Shawn finished taking a hit. “That uhh…” He let out the smoke from his mouth. “I need a different analogy, bud. I think I get what you’re saying… but it kinda sucks.”

“No, no, it works. Uhh… fuck. Okay, I can’t think of another one right now, but you did get what I was saying, right?”

“Yeah, I mean, you’re saying that you can’t tell me some details because you’re being blackmailed. Right?”

“Pretty much.”

“Okay, okay, I can see that.” Shawn took another hit. “But can you tell me who’s forcing you?”

“Nope, that would be bad for me.”

“Ahh I see.” Shawn dozed off for a few seconds. “Look, I’m not mad that you’re running. I was just pissed because I thought you were lying to me. To be honest, I’m sort of excited to be competing with you again.”

“Really?” I grabbed the bong and took a hit. “Why?”

“Well, you haven’t really been the same since… You know…”

“Yeah, yeah. Let’s avoid talking about that, okay?”

“No, I won’t talk about it if you don’t want to. I get it. I’d be lying if I said I don’t think about her every day. But what I’m saying is, you used to be such a fierce competitor back then. You were actually feared back in highschool. I forced myself to improve just to compete with you, and then once… that happened you just stagnated. By the time we got to college, your fighting spirit was completely dead. You were insecure. Indecisive. Completely the opposite of who you used to be. I guess I’m just glad that you’re being the old Emmett again.”

“Shawn… You know that being ‘the old Emmett again’ isn’t really a good thing. I don’t want to be that… crazy again.”

“Fuck that! You were awesome back then!” Shawn stood up with an energetic flourish.  “Sure, you got a little carried away at times, but you’ve learned a lot, haven’t you? I doubt you’ll ever hurt people like that again. You can actually use your evil mastermind powers for good now!” Shawn leaned sideways a little, causing his clown shoes to squeak. “Fuck! I’m excited! We’re rivals again!”

I smiled and shook my head wistfully. He was right. I used to pride myself on my ability to scheme, plot, and deceive when I was a teenager. I went around proclaiming myself an evil genius bent on ruling the world. Shawn was the only person that stood up to me. He always made sure things were fair when I was around. At first, we hated each other, but it eventually developed into the greatest friendship I’ve ever had. I can’t believe I thought he would be mad at me. 

I then said:

“Thanks man, but don’t get too eager here. I’m not really that into this. I’m only doing the bare minimum of work required because I have to run.” 

Shawn glared at me. “Don’t do this to me, Emmett. Either give it everything you’ve got, or don’t run.”

“I uhh… I’m sorry. I can’t take you seriously when you look like this. Why the fuck are you dressed like a clown?”

“It’s for a video…” Shawn slumped a bit. “Apparently, clowns are going to be treated like a protected minority from now on, so I dressed up like one to express solidarity for them.”

I furrowed my brow. “That… doesn’t explain things.”

“Look, people have been making life hell for clowns for a few years now. These working people can’t even go to their jobs without getting stuff thrown at them in the streets. It’s unfair, especially when their purpose is to bring joy to kids.”

“But they’re creepy…”

Shawn crossed his arms and leaned back. “Comments like that are what got them into this situation. Can’t you be a bit more open minded? It’s very harmful to them.”

“Dude, I get where they’re coming from and everything, and I sympathize to a certain degree, but you’re starting to sound like Tiffany Ethyris. Since when were you a social justice warrior?”

“I’m not!” Shawn lowered his voice in defeat. “It’s trending on the internet, so it’s good for my online persona.”

“You’re selling out to political correctness, aren’t you?” I smirked. “I never thought I’d see the day.”

“Screw you!”


----------------------------
----------------------------

I was in a great mood after I left Shawn’s apartment. I never expected it to go so well. We made a deal to not hang out together until the election was over, but it’s not like we were mad at each other. If anything, it was reasonable. The two of us are too paranoid let each other see our campaign strategies. Even if I’m not that motivated to run, it’s not like I can just hand Shawn the election. Not only would he not accept that out of honor, Jessica would make my life a living hell if she found out. It was for the best. 

Still, I don’t really feel like winning this whole thing. Being president requires a lot of day-to-day work, like any administrative position, and I’m not up for that much responsibility at this point of my life. Trivial bureaucracy is better left to uptight people like Tiffany. 

As if to prove my point, when I got to our lab station, she had already set up everything we needed for today’s experiment. The torch was connected to the gas source, the beakers were lined up from smallest to biggest, and there were two micropipettes and a scalpel ready for use. Tiffany glanced at me as I approached the table, but quickly went back to staring at the notes in her notebook. Weird. She just treated me like she always did. Not even a single mention of our last conversation or the election as I put on my lab coat. 

Class started when our instructor turned off the lights to begin his presentation. Adam was a relatively affable guy, with a scruffy beard and a big belly. For the next twenty minutes, he showed us a powerpoint on genetic diversity in bacteria and the procedure for the next hour and a half. I already knew the answers for the quiz because of Lain, plus Tiffany would just tell me what to do afterwards, so I didn’t really pay much attention to him. Besides, I had other stuff on my mind.

I was honestly puzzled by Tiffany. I guess I was glad she didn’t make a big deal out of it, but I found it strange that she didn’t address the subject whatsoever. Maybe she was waiting for the right moment, or something like that. The thought of her being too nervous to bring it up painted a really cute picture of her in my head. Not to mention that she looked gorgeous today. She wore a denim miniskirt with a low-cut green blouse. I could even see a little bit of cleavage if I tilted my head a bit. Like always though, she somehow managed to reveal her body without actually exposing it. I think it’s an art she’s mastered after years of experience, because there’s no way she was doing that so consistently on accident. 

Even her hairstyle seemed to have a lot of thought behind it. She didn’t have pigtails, she had twin-tails. I know they sound the same, but there’s a big difference between them. Tiffany didn’t pile all of her hair into two separate tails. She tied up two big strands and let them fall on her shoulders, while leaving a lot of loose hair behind her. The result was a classy hairstyle that made her look both cute and fierce, if you can imagine such a thing. 

Our instructor finished talking, turned on the lights, and left us to do our work. As I left to grab our samples, I heard Tiffany say:

“You look tense, Emmett. Please don’t screw up the experiment.”

I returned to our table, placing the samples in front of her. “Right. Sorry.”

Tiffany chuckled. “Are you worried about competing with me? I won’t do anything here, it’s okay.” She mixed some chemicals and sucked out the product with the micropipette. “I’m not gonna screw up my lab grade because of your poor decision making.”

I swallowed. “Poor decision making?”

Tiffany smiled at me with a condescending grin. “Yes, poor decision making. If you wanted to get back at me for last week, you should’ve thought of something else. Right now, you’re just wasting your time; I’ve already won this election.” She stared deeply into my eyes. “Now go place these samples in the incubator.” 

I grabbed the samples, but froze in place. To be honest, her tone was the most infuriating thing I had ever heard in my life. Very few people had ever talked down to me that way. And one of them was dead. I wanted to throw the sample in her face… but I couldn’t. It was like my muscles were locked in place. No matter how hard I tried to ignore her command, I felt forced to take them to the incubator and resume our work. Once I got back to our table, I said:

“Listen Tiffany, I’m not doing this to spite you. I don’t really care that much about the election, but I think you’re making a big mistake here. You really shouldn’t underestimate me.”

Tiffany laughed. She actually laughed. It was the first time I’d ever seen her so amused. She then said:

“You’re not getting it Emmett. This isn’t a matter of you trying hard enough to win. You’re a clever guy and you wouldn’t be an incompetent opponent under different circumstances.” She gracefully brushed back her hair. “You’re just out of your league here. You can’t win. At all. It’s impossible. Shawn Greenfield has a massive YouTube following, and even *he* doesn’t stand a chance. Compared to that, you’re just a joke candidate. A clown.” She scowled. “Now go to the incubator. Our samples are ready.”

My jaw dropped. I tried to say something back, but the words wouldn’t come out of my mouth. I couldn’t explain how. I sighed and went to the incubator, picking up our samples. 

Why was I acting like this? I was utterly dominated by Tiffany at the moment. Her smugness just pissed me off, but I couldn’t do anything about it. I knew I could beat her. I had Lain, my ultimate weapon. As I returned to the table, I took solace in the fact that I could win this election if I really wanted to. 

“I really should thank you, Emmett.” Tiffany grabbed the samples and started working on them. “I haven’t been this entertained in years. My victory will be more pleasurable if I have someone to laugh at.”

I slammed my fist on the table, shouting:

“That’s enough! I get it! You’re gonna win the election! Are you happy? Why do you have to be such a giant cunt about it?”

Everyone in the room stared at us, awed in silence. Tiffany’s confident face twisted into a hurt expression. Her face flashed red before she said:

“H-how dare you!” She slapped me. “It’s just an election! Y-you don’t have to take this so seriously.” Tears welled up in her eyes. “It’s… it’s just an election! Why do you have to be so rude about it?!? I was just wishing you good luck!”

I was taken aback for a moment. My cheek stung for a while. “What the hell are you talking about?”

I felt a heavy hand on my shoulder. I turned around and saw Adam, our lab instructor, glaring at me with incredible rage. He then said:

“Mind explaining what’s going on?”

“I…”

Tiffany cut in and said:

“Emmett was threatening me over the election! He said I was being a…” She sniffled. “...a *bitch* for running against him. Saying I’m not qualified to compete with him. That only a man is competent enough to be president!”

“What?!?” said the instructor. “Emmett, out of the lab. Now. I’m failing you right now.”

I was baffled. “Are you kidding me? You’re just going to believe her?”

Tiffany glanced downwards. “H-he even grabbed my butt when no one was looking…”

“Out!” shouted the instructor. “Now! I never want to see you in this lab again!”

Every other student in the room stared at me with disgust. Some girls were even scowling at me. Adam looked insulted with my very presence. A vein was popping out on his forehead and his fist was tightly clenched. He was probably going to punch me soon if I didn’t leave soon. 

I gathered my things as fast as I could and I left the lab, slamming the door shut once I left. I then walked through the hallway fuming with rage, to the point where I started kicking a random garbage can I found along the way. That clever bitch. She had set up a trap here, and I fell for it hook, line, and sinker. 

Tiffany wanted to provoke me. She planned this. Now my reputation would take a hit because of this incident. No, it was worse than that. She would be a victim in the eyes of the student body. It was exactly where she wanted to be. This was her strategy; I could see it already. Anyone who didn’t support her would be voting for misogyny. Shawn’s followers would vote for him either way, but the few people that weren’t in either camp wouldn’t dare associate themselves with me now. Not when they’d be labeled as women haters. 

I entered the bathroom and washed my face, shaking with anger. 

Miss Ethyris had just made a dangerous mistake. Poor decision making? She didn’t even know the meaning of the word. 

I could feel the fire within me again. It’d been a long time since I felt it, but I embraced it as easily as I did all those years ago. I’ve been branded a villain before. I’ve been hated, despised, and cursed with every bad word in the dictionary, but that only made me stronger. 

I then laughed like a madman for a minute straight. 

Tiffany didn’t know it, but she had just awakened a sleeping monster. From now on, I would take this election seriously. I would do everything in my power to win. I still didn’t want to be president, but it didn’t matter anymore. 

I just wanted to **crush** Tiffany Ethyris. 

-----------------
-----------------

>I woke up atop a bed, seeing an unfamiliar ceiling. It was cream colored, spiky in texture, and on its center was a bowl-shaped light bulb. It felt too bright for me, stinging my eyes the longer I stared, but my eyesight adjusted after a few seconds. I don't know why I was so fixated on this particular roof. Maybe it's because my neck was incredibly sore and I couldn't really move it without it aching. Or maybe it's because the alternative would be to review my situation, something that would only bring me panic. 

I bit the bullet anyways and tried to remember where I was. Someone had discovered my alter-ego, so I decided to do something about it before it could be used against me. 

Yup. Everything checks out up until now. 

What did I do next? Oh right. I sneaked into a room and erased the files about me. Things are still blurry, but I’m getting closer. I celebrated and… ran away from a girl because she wanted to… 

I blinked a few times, hoping that would jog my memory. 

Ahh, that’s it. I got tased until I blacked out. But then that would mean that I’m still in Jessica’s house, which also means that…

She was here. 

Fuck.

I took a few short breaths, feeling my heart pounding harder and harder as the seconds passed. I was screwed. If this crazy journalist didn’t have enough reason to blackmail me before, I was pretty certain I had just given it to her. I tried to move, but I couldn’t. My arms were chained to a bedpost with some pink, fluffy handcuffs. They were deceptively strong, despite their frail appearance. 

I jingled them some more out of desperation, but they just wouldn’t budge. I was in a crap ton of trouble and I couldn’t find a way out of it. Did they call the cops? That would explain why I was tied up. I was being held here until the authorities came. I grimaced. Breaking and entering. Destruction of private property. Maybe even sexual harassment if these chicks were feeling vindictive. 

Should I bite my hand off? I swallowed. I wasn't expecting to lose a limb this early in the story, but if it's the only way out of this... fuck it.

A female voice then said:

“Finally awake?”

I propped myself up slightly and saw a beautiful redhead at the end of the room. 

She sat backwards on a cheap, black desk chair, watching me with a smug grin. Calling her a redhead was misleading, though. Her hair wasn’t copper, it was bright red and orange, with a few thin stripes of yellow mixed in. It was like a tiger’s fur, long and puffy, brushed though a bit unkempt, running down her slender body until reaching her small waist. Her jaw was slightly pointy and her lips were thin. She also didn’t wear much makeup, only a basic foundation and thick eyeliner. On most people, the boldness of her eyeliner would’ve looked like that of a goth kid trying too hard to look the part, but she somehow seemed to pull it off well. 

I stared at her dumbfounded, but she didn’t seem to care. The only thing this woman did was study me with her blue eyes. She craned her head forward, relaxed with the current arrangement of things. 

My gaze drifted to her side so I could inspect the room I was in. Some Puella Magi Madoka Magica figurines, along with a model of EVA Unit-02, were displayed proudly behind her, and a Rurouni Kenshin wall scroll hung on the wall behind them. 

I hummed a soft *“Ohhh”* when I realized where I was.

This was still Jessica’s room. More importantly, the girl currently watching me was the crazy journalist herself. 

Under different circumstances, I would be ecstatic about being handcuffed to her bed. Unfortunately, something told me I was about to regret ever coming here. 

Jessica stood up and said:

“Don’t worry, I’m not mad. Your visit here was a surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one nonetheless.”

I rolled my eyes.
 
“You see, you only accelerated our eventual meeting. We have a lot to talk about.” Jessica paced towards me, serious in tone. “It seems that you’ve been living two lives, Mister Wilfery. In one life, you’re Emmett, an affable twenty-one year old biology major with respectable grades. You go to your classes, you’re a member of the honor society, and you… call your parents every once in awhile to let them know you’re okay.” She kept walking back and forth between the bed and the far wall, gesturing her hands to accentuate her points. “The other is lived on the internet, where you go by the alias ‘Mugiwara No Kaiser’, a.k.a ‘The Strawhat Emperor’, or just ‘Kaiser’ for short, who is guilty of leaking highly classified international secrets to the public and encouraging rebellious discontent in almost every government on the planet. One of these lives is very useful to me, the other stands a lot to lose if I don't get what I want.”

I nodded. She was trying to intimidate me by letting me know how much she knew about me. She was also underestimating me. 

I then said in a polite tone:

“Listen, memeing films is amusing and everything, but can you get to the point? These cuffs are chaffing my wrists…”

Jessica ignored me, walking with her back towards me, and said:

“Imagine my surprise when I found out who you were! The infamous Kaiser! Going to the same university *I* went to! You do know you have a bounty on your head, right? If I revealed your identity, not only would I basically be guaranteed a spot in the annals modern journalism, I could live without any financial burden for the rest of my academic career.” She turned around and faced me with a devilish grin. “So, can you give me a better deal than that?”

I coughed a few times and looked away. I wasn’t aware I had a bounty. “A deal? What could you possibly want from me?”

Jessica dragged her chair close to the bed and sat on it again. “Don’t get me wrong here.” She patted my arm in an endearing, yet incredibly condescending way. “I’m a huge fan! I’m all about changing the world and stuff. I agree with a lot of what you write. I just want to know one thing…” She narrowed her eyes. “Who’s your source?”

I couldn’t help but chortle, then chuckle into a loud cackle. I couldn’t stop laughing. 

Jessica basically wanted to know about Lain, and there wasn’t any way I was telling her about that. I’d rather be exposed than that. It's not like someone's going to say 'Gee, this sure would all fit together if someone had an all knowing cellphone number'. It's impossible to even approach that conclusion! 

With Lain by my side, I could get out of any trouble that came my way, even if I had to abandon my current civilian life. I've already burned the number into my memory. I don't need any one phone. Sure, I kinda failed here even with Lain, but that was a fluke. I have all-encompassing knowledge. Not to mention, I'm the damn protagonist. I'm unstoppable if I play my cards right. 

My laugh subsided into a wistful sigh until I said:

“What makes you think I have a source?”

Jessica frowned. “I’m not an idiot. You can’t just *know* everything you post. You either have a very well informed source, or you’re the greatest hacker in the history of mankind. You’re smart, but you’re not *that* brilliant. No one is.”

I grinned. “I *did* find where you live only a few hours after knowing about your existence. I even got into your computer and erased everything pertaining to me.”

Jessica was taken aback with doubt. She glanced downwards, and then back at me. “Y-you’re not fooling me. I found you when you forgot to logout of your account in the library. I really doubt a hacker that prolific would make such a newbie mistake.”

My face fell. She had me there. I wasn’t making that mistake again. It was careless on my part. Whatever. I’m still not telling her about Lain. That would just be idiotic. 

“What if I told you that I’m more afraid of revealing my source than about whatever you threaten me with?”

Jessica stroked her chin for a few seconds. “Okay… Someone with that much reach is bound to be dangerous. I get it. But I’m still not satisfied.”

I frowned. “Then what the hell do you want?”

“A couple of things, which I’ll get to momentarily, but first and foremost, I want in.”

“In on what?”

“Whatever it is you and your source are planning.” Jessica crossed her arms. “And don’t say you aren’t planning anything. That’ll just make me angry.”

“I… okay. I’ll see what I can do.”

“So…”

“So…?”

“What the hell is your end game? I’ve been dying to know for a week now! It’s big, right? You keep writing about huge change in your blog, about our outdated governments and economic theories. Tell me! I want to help!”

“Why do you want to help? Do even know what you’re getting yourself into?”

Jessica rolled her eyes. “It’s dangerous, blah, blah, blah. Spare me the sermon. Huge social change is coming soon either way. Global politics are a mess, with the refugee crisis getting worse every day and Russia slowly building itself up to fighting shape again. It’s obvious you guys are planning something huge, and I want to be on the right side when it happens. So, unless you tell me what your goal is, I’ll sell you out to the media before you can even start.”

“Fine… but first, uncuff me, please. You already know where I live. It’s not like I can run away now.”

Jessica hesitated She then got up, grabbed a key from her desk, and unlocked the handcuffs. I lifted myself, still sore from the taser, and rubbed my wrists. 

“You know, for a sex toy, those cuffs are really uncomfortable. Don't they hurt when you're using them?”

“W-what?” Jessica blushed, frowning. “Those aren't mine!” 

I smirked.

“They aren't!” Jessica pouted. “They're Amy’s…” She squinted her eyes. “Wait a minute. You're not gonna distract me; nice try.”

I pressed my lips together and thought for a moment. How exactly do I get out of this? Do just I tell her the truth? As I thought up a good lie, Jessica leaned forward. She was examining me. Expecting whatever fabrication I told her. I wouldn't be able to trick her. No, she was too clever for that. I'll have to come clean then. It’ll be so crazy she won’t know what to do. 

I stood up, widened my arms as energetically as I could, and extended my right hand upwards in the most triumphant and dramatic way possible. “I'm the man that will rule the world! With endless knowledge at my disposal, I'll unify humanity under one banner and rule it as the first emperor of Earth!” 

Her reaction was not what I expected. Jessica's face was a mixture of awestruck and disbelief, her eyes widening with a confused grimace. She then furrowed her brow and shook her head, conflicted. I just kept up my pose through the silence. It was getting… awkward, to say the least. Jessica nodded, coming to a conclusion in her inner monologue, and said:

“You're insane.”

I hung my head in defeat. “Screw you then. It's the truth, though.”

“Don't get me wrong, I believe you.” Jessica pursed her lips for a moment. “That is to say, I think that you actually believe what you just said.”

“But…?”

“But you're insane. How do you even accomplish that? Are you some kind of Nazi sympathizer?”

“What does Hitler have to do with this?”

“He’s the last guy that attempted that. Ever heard of World War Two?” 

I frowned. “This isn’t about racial purity!” I rolled my eyes. “I'm not an idiot, okay? That type of thinking is only for people with an inferiority complex. I have a plan. I've been working on it since I was a teenager. World peace! Utoptia for everyone! And not in the fake soviet communist way, I’m the real deal. I have the solution to every problem in the universe!” 

“You mean… a final solution?”

I narrowed my eyes.

“Look,” said Jessica, “I'm not judging you here. You have access to a lot of information, and you managed to get a huge audience. If I were in your shoes, I might even delude myself into thinking the same. But… come on. The world? Who do you think you are? Dio?”

“I… Okay I knew you were a weeb, but this is just silly. No, I'm not a bisexual vampire bent on ruling the world. You could've at least said Lelouch. Or Light. But really? Dio?”

Jessica gave me a stern look. “You should feel honored to be compared to Dio-sama. And uhh…” She looked at me up and down. “...you're no Light, okay? He’s nearly flawless. And I’m not just talking about your looks. You were barely able to keep your identity secret for a month.”

I glared at her. “I'll pretend I didn't hear that.” I scratched the back of my head. “We’re getting sidetracked. Can I just leave? This night has been a disaster for me, and I really don't feel like being ridiculed by a weaboo on top of that.” 

“Oh no you don't. I'm not letting you off that easily.”

“Then what do you want? You clearly don't take me seriously.”

“Hold on. Just because I don't think ruling the world is doable, doesn't mean that you aren't useful to me.” Jessica leaned back on her chair. “Why don't we have a little test run? You think that you're politically savvy, right?”

“I don't think it, I know it. I wouldn't be able to rule the world otherwise.”

“Good. Good.” 

Jessica glanced away until chuckling in a malevolent way. She then looked at me and said:

“I want you to run for student council president.”

I stayed silent for what felt like a minute. That was a horrible idea. Not only would I be antagonizing Tiffany Ethyris even more, I'd be going against my best friend. 

I shook my head and said:

“No way.”

Jessica giggled. “What’s the matter? Scared you can't win?”

“Please.” I scoffed. “I can win that, no problem. I just don't want to bother with something as irrelevant as that. It's a freaking student council thing.”

“Xeistoria University has been home to a lot of governors, and even a couple of presidents. All of those men have one thing in common; they ran for student council president and won.”

“Interesting. I… didn't know that. Hmm… No. Still not doing it. Why do you even care about the election?”

“It's simple, really. I hate both candidates. I've been forced by the university paper to cover the race, and I just can't stand to see those two buffoons be taken seriously.”

“Okay, I get the hate on Ethyris. She can be kind of a bitch, and the whole social justice thing is annoying. But Shawn Greenfield is a great guy! He's my best friend and he would do a great job as president.”

“I hate to break it to you, but Shawn Greenfield is a pandering cunt. He's more interested in promoting his YouTube channel than in actually running the school. I don't trust a word he says.”

“You're wrong. He's one of the most honest guys I know! I'm not running against him. That's just a dick move.”

“I don't care if he's your sworn blood brother.” Jessica grinned that infuriating smile of hers. “You don't have a choice. Either run or I'll expose you.” 

“But I don't even know how to sign up… I'd have to campaign… You'll have me running against people with established followings built up years ago. This is ridiculous! Hell, I'm not even familiar with a single issue being discussed.”

“It's politics, Emmett. The issues are the least important thing.”

“You're really gonna make me do this, aren't you?”

“Yup! And don't even think about half-assing it.” Jessica frowned. “I'll know if you do.”

“You're evil, you know that?”

Jessica shrugged. 

I then said:

“Fine, you win. I'll run.”

----------------
----------------

>An aroma of instant coffee scented the air of the accounting floor, filled with the chattering of gossiping co-workers who were catching up after a relaxing weekend. Bob crouched behind a metallic desk with an arced back, leaning slightly forward to see beyond it. Narrowing his stare at an electric socket, he shook with anticipation until someone tapped on his shoulder. Without bothering to look backwards, he then said:

"I'm gonna prove it this time. I just *know* it. You'll all see I'm not insane."

"Yeah, yeah," said Carolyn, "I've heard this one before. But can't you do it from your own desk?"

"Hell no, I don't want to be electrocuted."

Carolyn widened her eyes and said:

"What?"

"Electrocuted. Being injured or killed by electric shock."

Carolyn slapped the back of Bob's head, finally causing him to turn around and meet her gaze. Before Bob could complain about the hit, Carolyn said:

"I know what electrocuted means. What did you do this time?"

"Well, Ultraman's impervious to most damage, right? And, you see, my father's an electrician so I know my way around circuitry..." Carolyn furrowed her brow, urging him to get to the point. "I tampered with the socket and unplugged Dylan's phone so that, when he connects it, he gets shocked by the voltage. If nothing happens, then I *know* he's Ultraman."

"You're an idiot."

"What? No! I mean, it won't be enough to kill him, on the off chance he *isn't* Ultraman."

"You're not an idiot because of the test. It's quite clever, really." Carolyn sat on her chair, placing her hand on her forehead. "You're an idiot because you're convinced that he's Ultraman."

Bob shrugged and resumed his original stalking position. He then said:

"Look! He's here now!"

Dylan walked up to his office space and sat on his chair. He then greeted Michelle, who walked near the tampered socket, and reached for his phone but couldn't hear a tone on the line. Bob started grinning with a chuckle while Carolyn just rolled her eyes. Puckering his lips in confusion, Dylan stared at his phone and said:

"Hey, Michelle, is there something wrong with the phones today?"

"Not that I know of." Michelle turned around. "Oh, it's just unplugged!" She reached for the cord. "Here, I'll do it for you."

Before Bob could jump out and prevent her from doing it, Michelle plugged in the phone. The lights in the office flashed on and off briefly while Michelle suffered the electric shock. Jittering with a high pitched scream, she was roasted by the current, leaving her with a trail of smoke rising from her frizzled hair. Everyone in the office gaped at her accident and rushed to help her, except for Carolyn and Bob, who opened their eyes widely in horror.

"So... We're just gonna pretend that didn't happen, right?" said Bob.

"W-what do you mean?" replied Carolyn. "*You're* the one who did it. I'm not gonna be your accomplice!"

"Oh no, you don't get to walk away here with your hands clean. You knew I tampered with the socket and didn't do anything about it. If you rat me out, you'll be turning yourself in!"

Carolyn pouted, sinking her head in resignation. She then kicked Bob off the corner of her desk and told him to leave her alone for the rest of the day. Massaging his back, Bob went over to his desk across from Dylan. He then slumped on his chair thinking:

*"There has to be a way to prove it without putting anyone else at risk..."*

-----------------------------------

A week later, Bob walked over to Carolyn's desk with a mischievous smile. Sighing in anticipation of what came, Carolyn waved her hand and said:

"I don't want any part in whatever you're scheming. Leave."

"Scheming?" said Bob, sitting atop Carolyn's desk with one leg. "What do you mean? I'm just here to chat about the news with my good friend Carolyn."

"No Bob, you're not doing this. My desk isn't some watchtower for you to hide in. If you're gonna pull any crap, at at least be man enough to face it yourself."

Bob shook his head as he said:

"Carolyn, Carolyn, Carolyn, you've got me all wrong. I'm legitimately interested in knowing if you've watched the news."

Carolyn raised her eyebrow and said:

"I did watch it last night, but just a little. I wasn't very interested in it because they were obsessing over an Ultraman story that... Oh... So *that's* where you're going with this."

"Yup!" Bob grinned. "He was dealing with a poisonous mutant that was rampaging across downtown. Care to guess what he said after defeating it?"

"No, but I have a feeling you're gonna tell me anyway."

"He said that he was immune to any type of poison!"

Carolyn stood up and pointed at Bob's desk. She then said:

"Go. *Now*. I don't want to be near you when this backfires."

"Relax!" said Bob. "I made sure there's no way it can backfire. I just placed a bottle of expensive wine on Dylan's desk with a card signed by one of the higher-ups."

"And...?"

"And I spiked it with a fast-acting laxative."

"This is retarded." Carolyn rubbed her forehead. "How do you even know he'll drink it now?"

"Yeah, that was a bit of a roadblock, but I just wrote on the card that he should treat himself to a glass right now. I even left him a cup and corkscrew!"

Carolyn patted on Bob's leg and gestured behind him. After turning around, Bob saw Dylan was approaching his desk. Dylan then grabbed the bottle, read the card, and smiled innocently. Opening the bottle with a loud pop, he filled the cup and went for a sip until Michelle walked into the room. This was the first time she had been to the office since her accident, limping towards her desk with crutches. Dylan sighed and closed his eyes with remorse before approaching Michelle. He then held out his cup at her and said:

"Listen Michelle, I know it was just a freak accident, but I can't help but feel guilty at this happening to you. It should've been me, after all, you were just doing me a favor. I just got gifted this wine. It's a very good brand, you know, and I want you to have it."

Carolyn turned around, gripping her fist with anxiety. She then looked downwards and saw Bob was hiding behind her desk again, hugging his knees as he slammed his head against it. Bob couldn't believe what was happening. This *had* to be a joke. No person could be this lucky, this *noble*... No one but Ultraman. He knew it was a colossal failure on his part as soon as Michelle fell over her crutches in an attempt to run to the bathroom, but the test did have some use after all. 

*"There's no possible way he's not Ultraman now. There just isn't. This time I'll have to use some more extreme methods... and he'll have to save us."*


------------------------------------------------------


On the next Monday morning, Bob walked towards Carolyn in a slightly dazed state. His clothes were disheveled, his normally clean-shaven face sported a five o'clock shadow, and the skin under his eyes was somewhat darkened. Raising her eyebrows with worry, Carolyn said:

"Are you okay Bob? You look like shit right now."

"How eloquent of you" said Bob, sitting on Carolyn's desk. "If I had more energy, I'd make a comment about how strange it is you're still single."

"You just did." Carolyn narrowed her eyes. "Anyway, why the shitty appearance? Are you hung over from drinking all night?"

"Well, I *was* up all night, but it wasn't because I was drinking. You see, I've been thinking about this whole 'Dylan is Ultraman' business..."

"And you've decided to finally stop this obsession?"

Bob was taken aback for a second, chuckled, and said:

"Of course not. I've just found a definitive way to expose his secret identity."

"God damn it." Carolyn closed eyes and took a deep breath. "So what is it now? Are you just gonna straight up murder him?"

"Don't be silly Carolyn, that could get me fired." Bob smiled weakly. "I just rigged every electrical socket on this floor to short circuit after a timer went off. I also took measures to ensure that we couldn't escape by ourselves, otherwise there wouldn't be a point to this. Any minute now, this place should be consumed by a raging fire."

"W-what?"

"Fire. A combustion or burning in which substances combine chemically with oxygen from the air and typically give out bright light, heat, and-"

"SMOKE!" shouted Michelle from the end of the office. "There's smoke coming out of every electrical socket!" 

Carolyn scowled, grabbed Bob by the collar, and dragged him to a corner. She then said:

"Are you fucking insane?!? You're gonna kill us all!"

On the walls, small embers quickly grew into formidable flames, coloring the office with an orange tint. 

"No, I wont!" Bob grabbed Carolyn's hand and flicked it off his collar. "Dylan will just turn into Ultraman and save us!"

The office workers fled to every door possible but, for some mysterious reason, they were all jammed. Even the emergency exit was locked in place. Screaming nonsense of the top of her lungs, Michelle ran to a fire alarm and pulled on it. Strangely enough, the device didn't activate, causing Michelle to fall on her knees and say:

"This is divine retribution for sins in a past life! I should've been a better person, damn it!"

Smoke built up from the fiery tempest, choking the air out of everyone's lungs. Coughing with an eye half-closed, Carolyn looked at Bob and said:

"No, he's not!" She pointed at Dylan, who lied in a corner a weeping mess. "You were *wrong* Bob, you've just doomed us all!"

Bob looked downwards and hunched over, taking on a defeated pose. He then wiped sweat off his brow and said:

"Maybe he's just waiting for the right moment. Any second now-"

A wall was blown open and allowed the smoke to escape, illuminating the office with a ray of sunshine. Stepping through the fire, a masked figure said:

"Worry not fellow citizens, Ultraman is here!"

Carolyn stared at Bob with a frown, who just shrugged and said:

"Okay, I give up."

--------------------------------------------------

A month later, after the fire damage was repaired, Bob approached Carolyn's desk, holding a mug of coffee in his hand. Placing the mug on her desk, Bob smiled at Carolyn and said:

"So, how was that impromptu vacation?"

Carolyn didn't bother to look up to him and remained silent, typing away at her keyboard.

"Oh come on, you can't be *that* mad at me! Everything worked out fine!"

"You almost killed everyone here" said Carolyn, still typing. "It's a miracle no one found out you were the one behind it."

"Well, that's because you're such a good friend! I really owe you one. Thanks for not telling anyone it was me."

"Fuck off." Carolyn stopped typing and glared at Bob. "I didn't do it out of loyalty; I did it because you're a lunatic, and I don't want to be targeted by your madness." 

"That's... fair." Bob glanced downwards, but quickly perked up. "Hey, did you hear about Michelle?"

"No, what about her?"

"Apparently, she and Ultraman hit it off after the incident. He said he needed an accountant to deal with all the collateral damage he causes, and after a few days of working with each other, they became a couple! She's making millions now, too!"

Carolyn sighed, smiled, and said:

"Some people have all the luck in the world."Explosions weren't an uncommon occurrence at the main office. Robert learned to tolerate them, like all his colleagues did, because dealing with super-villains obviously had its risks, but that didn't mean they got any easier to endure. 

On this particular day, a squadron of three humanoid robots burst into the tenth floor of the building, right were Robert worked. Standard operating procedure was simple in this scenario: hide under the desk until trained security arrived. That didn't help in this case, though.

The robots flipped a desk over on the other side of the office. Amanda, who hid under it, screamed for her life. The robots silenced her. Robert swallowed. He couldn't see from his own hiding spot. Hopefully, it was a painless death.

This felt like a revenge plot of some sort. Did the company screw someone over? Again? It didn't matter. Robert had to find another place to hide since they were clearly hunting for employees. 

The robots walked up to Henry's desk. He then screamed, followed by the same silence. Everyone else started whimpering.

Robert sneaked out of his desk, crawling on the floor towards the emergency stairs. He wasn't going to wait around any longer. The robots systematically continued their pattern, eliminating his co-workers with increasing efficiency. Robert made it half-way through to the exit when something grabbed his ankle. His heart sank. He couldn't dare turn his head. It then tugged him, whispering:

"*Take me with you!*"

Robert relaxed for a second. It was Paul Smith, a senior executive. He was on this floor for a project meeting, even though his office was at the top. Robert widened his eyes. Was Paul the target? That would mean that staying next to him was the most precarious position in this whole scenario. The robots eliminated another office worker. They were getting closer.

Robert shook his head and tried to keep crawling. He wasn't a hero. That was the man that took credit for one of his biggest contributions in a huge project, denying him a promotion last year.

Paul tightened his grip, begging with his eyes.

"*No way!*" whispered Robert.

Paul clung to the leg like a child. "*I swear I'll rat you out if you try to leave without me!*"

Robert frowned. "*Screw you!*"

Paul opened his mouth to shout. Robert reached into the desk above and shoved a stack of papers into his mouth. Paul spat them out, kicking Robert into the middle of the open hallway.

A robot fixed its gaze on him. Robert froze. The robot began to approach him.

Security rushed out of the elevator. They shot at the robot with energy riffles, blowing it up. The other two robots threw an electrified net, incapacitating half of the security detail. The remaining guards didn't react. They unleashed suppressive fire while they made their way to Paul. 

Robert crawled back in their direction. The guards surrounded Paul and ushered him towards the elevator. Robert stood up, running to join them. Paul ordered the guards to not let him into the elevator, adding:

"I'm afraid he's not a team player."

A guard then shoved Robert away before the elevator closed its doors. The robots sauntered towards him. Robert sighed, accepting his fate. In a way, this is exactly what he deserved for working in a company this unscrupulous. 

The robots then shot him with a tranquilizer dart, knocking him out.

----------

Robert woke up in a damp cave, tied to a chair. He was the only one in the room... if you could call it that. A messy workbench on his far right, full of wires and gears, was the only furniture in this place. The robots were also in a corner, staring at him. Robert panicked. He started wriggling out of his restraints, but tipped over his chair. The impact winded him. Then, he realized the robots weren't online. 

"Are you awake?" said the distant voice of a man. 

Robert closed his eyes. He didn't want to face whatever torture was planned for him. Footsteps echoed in the background until the man entered the room, saying:

"Don't be afraid!"

That only made Robert more scared.

"Really?" The voice sounded annoyed. "After all the trouble I went through, you really think I'm just gonna kill you?"

Robert eyed his captor. He wore a dirty lab-coat and big goggles on his forehead. It took Robert a second to recognize him. Larry, the mad genius. A man who had just undergone a controversial trial and broke out of his armed transport when sentenced to life in prison. He was the most wanted man on the planet right now.

"W-why am I here?"

"I'm a fan of your work." Larry pulled Robert's chair upright. "You see, I'm in need of a new lair given... recent events, and I figured I could use some professional help."

Robert nodded along, skeptical. "Okay... but why didn't you go through the company?"

Larry shrugged. "They wouldn't have done what I wanted. I'm more than capable of building my own fortress, but I'm interested in *your* vision, not some overpaid project manager."

Robert squinted. "But... why?"

Larry sighed. "I've been researching lairs lately. After some digging around, I noticed that you've worked on a lot of my favorites. Even though you were never a project leader, your style always stood out. That's what I'm interested in."

Robert pursed his lips. It was tempting, but... "What makes you think I'll work for someone that kidnapped me?"

"I'm offering you freedom here, both creative and financial. Do you really want to go back?"

Robert glanced away. The mad genius had a point. That company didn't value him at all. "What exactly do you want?"

"Well, you see, despite my vast intellect... I'm prone to build spartan accommodations, which are fine in a strictly utilitarian sense, but I now require something more..." Larry hesitated. "I mean, it's not like I want to impress anyone or anything, but, you know..."

Robert leaned forward, intrigued. The supervillain seemed embarrassed. "Yes...?"

"Something more..." Larry winced, lowering his voice. "I dunno, *romantic*?"

 Robert raised an eyebrow. "Why?"

"It's none of your business! Can you do it or not?"

Robert paused for a moment. This wasn't any different from his previous work. There were actually some ideas he'd been dying to implement for a while but never found the appropriate project for them. Robert then nodded and said:

"Fuck it; let's do this."

Larry grinned, loosening the restraints. "Welcome to the wonderful world of freelancing!"Everything got worse when we spotted that dragon. The crew couldn't hear my orders. They were too fixated on the red scaled beast roaring and stretching its wings above us. Our ship almost tilted sideways from the aftershock. It didn't take long for these creatures, elves they called themselves, to get on board. They ran on water towards us and outmaneuvered every man who fought back. By the time I gave the order to attack, most of the crew had given up. 

Jack listened, though. He shot one of the elves in the head and wounded another one before they knocked him out with some weird energy. 

I was forced to surrender. The crew was about to be slaughtered. Even so... I'm a failure of a captain.

My prison cell made it difficult to sleep. Its damp, uneven cobblestone floor dug into my body no matter what position I took. Definitely some place underground. Weeks had passed. I couldn't keep track of time anymore. They only gave me some strange bread that filled me up for about a day. That was all the interaction I had with these... people. When a white-bearded one came into my cell, I thought I was about to be executed until I heard him speak English. 

"Yes, you heard me correctly, this is your native tongue, is it not?"

I nodded. He spoke in the most elegant tone I'd ever heard in my life. 

"Good, in case you're wondering, I'm using a form of divination to make you capable of comprehending me. I'm not actually speaking your primitive tongue."

I narrowed my eyes. 

"We've interrogated your companions. They claim you're their captain. Is this true?"

I chuckled. "Only when it's convenient for them, apparently."

"Nonetheless, you're the one who runs your... vessel, correct?"

"What of it?"

"Allow me to introduce myself, my name is Paeris Jogolar, lord of this coast. It seems that you and your crew have stumbled into a land far from your home. We have no clue how that happened, even with our extensive knowledge of the arcane. There's always been theories about parallel dimensions but... that doesn't matter right now. We're currently in the middle of a war, you see, so we had to attack you, but now we understand that you're not involved in our conflict."

"I see. We're in a war ourselves."

"So I've been told. From what I gather, you have a lot going on over there."

"Putting it mildly."

"Do you want to go back?"

"Of course I do."

Lord Paeris smiled. "Then we can negotiate." He unlocked my chains, conjured a pair of chairs, and motioned me to sit with him. "We've been studying your ship. Our alchemists are fascinated with the materials of the ship and our engineers flabbergasted at the design. It's a mighty vessel. Unfortunately..."

"You don't know how to use it."

"We can! Just... not... well."

"What are you offering?"

"A way home. We're going to research this phenomenon anyways. If you fight for us, we'll help you. I can guarantee we'll find something, we just need time."

"And if I say no?"

"You'll still go free."

"And the ship?"

"Is ours."

"Of course..."

"We've already enhanced it to the best of our capabilities. Some of the new weapons are experimental mana canons that we need to test, along with some basic force-field wards that we couldn't fit on other vehicles. I'm presenting you a great honor here."

"I can't drag my men into another conflict. I'd have to discuss it first."

"Half the crew must be elvish. You will teach them in your voyages."

I frowned. Something was wrong here. It wouldn't surprise me if they had no intention of returning us home. I sighed. This was still our best shot. "Okay, I'll see who I can recruit."

"Who would you like to start with?"

"There's this man called Jack..."

Lord Paeris tensed up. "Ehrm."

"Did you kill him?"

"N-no. He fought six guards while barehanded and almost won. We threw him with the dwarves since we couldn't chain him."

"The fuck does that mean?"

"I don't know if he's still alive. Their race is always brawling so we just throw them in a pit."

"How kind of you."

"They're currently at war with us, you see."

"Whatever." I chortled, standing up. "Take me there."

Lord Paeris widened his eyes. "I'm telling you there's no use."

"And I'm telling you he's still alive. I guarantee it."

---------

Jack's expertise was being a mean spirited bully. This didn't make him a bad person, though. I always admired his struggle to channel this nature into something productive. He grew up in a bad neighborhood where you always had to look out for yourself, never showing any vulnerability, which gave him the bad habit of always needing to be the toughest person in the room. He would never say it out loud, but the only reason he volunteered for service was to bully back the Germans.

And he was perfect for it.

When the elven guards illuminated the pit with magic, I counted thirteen bodies around him. They were short and stout, with bulging muscles and a lot of hair. One of them currently traded haymakers with Jack. Each strike made the ground quake a bit. The elves ushered me to a stone platform that hovered over the edge of the pit. Jack didn't notice me when we lowered towards the ground. He was too focused on the fight.

His opponent fainted mid-punch. A silent crowd had gathered around him. They were stunned at his strength. 

Jack widened his arms with a smug grin, beckoning anyone present to approach him. 

I rolled my eyes. Before I could call out to him, the crowd parted for another dwarf. He looked significantly older than anyone that fought before him, with an eight-pack on his abdomen that looked seared into his body by decades of battle. His expression made me shiver. The intensity of his presence even made Jack lose his cocky demeanor. 

They punched each other square in the face. 

Neither flinched.

Jack leaped sideways and threw a kick. The dwarf caught it. Jack failed to break free. The dwarf yanked him onto the ground, but Jack rolled on top of him and slugged him with a bunch of hooks until there was no resistance from his opponent. 

Jack relaxed. A poor choice. The dwarf was playing possum. He sprung up and bit Jack's eye, gouging it out with his teeth. Jack punched him away, screaming. The dwarf spat out the eye, readying for another attack. Jack... started laughing. Oh no. He then went on to say:

"I don't know what the hell you are, but you put up a good fight. You better not disappoint!"

The dwarf bellowed a deep laugh in response, as if he completely understood him. They were speaking a universal language now. The dwarf dashed into a tackle. Jack didn't bother dodging, effortlessly staying on his feet after taking the hit. The dwarf squinted in panic. Jack grappled and suplexed him backwards. This time, he didn't give the dwarf a chance to get up. The ensuing barrage was unrelenting. Jack didn't finish until he bashed his skull into the ground a few times, hearing a satisfying crack.

I walked up to him before someone else could pick a fight. Jack merely smiled when he noticed me, ignoring his wounded eye. The elves healed him up completely when we got out of the pit, but the fact that he didn't know beforehand that they could do that left me unnerved by his recklessness. Still, he was exactly the type of person I needed here. 

We were given private quarters to discuss the situation. The room had lavish couches, a table full of strange delicacies, and multiple jugs of wine. Jack didn't even hesitate when I asked him to join me. His only question was:

"How do we know we can trust them?"

"I don't know. That's why we wont. Our first priority is to learn about their powers as much as possible."

"Yeah, that stuff took me out immediately." Jack took a swig of wine. "Any idea how it works?"

"From what I've heard, it's all about mental power, with equations and other brainy stuff."

"We should ask ensign Adams. He's obsessed with mysticism and the occult."

I pursed my lips.

"What?" said Jack.

"He was the first to surrender when we were attacked. I doubt he'll want to join us."

"Oh don't worry." Jack chuckled. "I can be pretty persuasive."The cauldron simmered lightly, its purple liquid bubbling up and down. 

Octavius sniffed it. 

Sour. Acidic. It might actually kill him if he drank it. He narrowed his eyes. Was that really such a bad thing? He shook his head. If he drank it at this stage, it would stimulate his nervous system so much that it would painfully contort his body against his will and snap his neck.   

Octavius shivered.

Grounded-up unicorn ivory! A powerful muscle relaxant. That's just what it needed to be balanced out. Octavius opened the cupboard and brought out a small salt shaker, filled with the ivory. He then bit his lip, hesitating, flicked a pinch of the dust into the concoction, and waited. 

The potion exploded with a green puff. 

He leaned into the cauldron when the cloud dissipated.

It was... orange now. 

Octavius furrowed his brow. It shouldn't look like that. He sniffed again. Cinnamon. It definitely shouldn't smell like that.

No doubt about it; the potion was ruined. He sighed and sat back on his stool, hanging his head. That was months worth of wages gone in wasted ingredients. He even slept hungry a few nights to afford siren glands.

Pathetic. 

Octavius knew it was a tough brew, specially since a spoiled batch could lead to unwanted secondary effects like insanity. Where did he go wrong? It should've worked. He followed the ancient scrolls as much as he could, but he still had to improvise a lot of missing steps. Did he heat it too much? Or maybe he didn't purify the ouroboros urine well enough. Difficult to tell. One couldn't just ask around for tips on love potions, though. It was forbidden knowledge. He had to figure it out by himself, like the ancient masters. 

Hubris, thought Octavius. The mark of a small man. As if he could ever succeed where the much more talented have failed. Did they too hate themselves as much as he did, or were they just trying to get laid? 

Octavius stood up and paced around his lab. A small cave on the side of a mountain, far from anyone's view. Small globes of soft light hovered silently on the walls, illuminating everything as well as electric light bulbs would. He didn't live here, of course. He had an apartment downtown, but this was safer. Specially since it wasn't strictly legal by wizard standards. 

He sighed.

It took him eight months of planning, a small fortune he had in savings, and it was all for nothing. How anticlimactic. He should've drank it when he was sure it would kill him.

Octavius chuckled. Never try a potion if you're not sure of what it will do. That's literally the first thing his alchemy teacher taught him. He looked at the cauldron and pursed his lips. Should he still do it? Theoretically speaking, the potion was harmless. The math worked out. It's just that the scrolls said that the end result should be pink and smell sweet. A small difference, but a potentially significant one.

He couldn't bear to live like this anymore. He had to do something. If he tried again, the wait wouldn't be eight months anymore. It wasn't about the ingredients, it was about the season. Magic is always strengthened during October. He wasn't strong enough to do it with his own willpower, so he had to wait another year to try again. 

Another year of hell. 

Octavius walked up to the cauldron and filled a large flask with the potion. With shaking hands, he then closed the distance between his lips and his mouth, stopping a few millimeters away. 

This was stupid.

No! That was just his brain telling him not to do it. He could do this. He had to. Octavius hated himself. Why would he want what's best for him? If course he would resist it. He was terrified of happiness! 

The alchemist took a swig of the potion.

He widened his eyes.

Nothing happened.

He clacked his tongue. It was... incredibly refreshing. And tasty! He drank some more and emptied the flask. 

A pulse of energy struck him. It was gentle and warm. The hairs on his body stood up, leaving him sensitive to the small currents of air around him. A weight, a very painful burden on his shoulders was suddenly lifted. Living was tolerable. Pleasant. 

Slowly, he sat on his stool and closed his eyes, staring into the eternal. 

All this time he saw himself as separate from the universe, but he couldn't have been more wrong. Everything was connected. The line between the universe and Octavius never existed. He was it all along. 

Octavius clenched his jaw. No that was wrong. It meant everything was fake. If he loved himself unconditionally, then it might as well mean nothing at all. It was worthless. If he were always loved, none of his actions would matter. He could be a horrible human being with no consequence whatsoever. Why even bother being a good person then?!?

Nausea. Octavius fell to his knees. His muscles spasmed uncontrollably. The world spun around him and he blacked out. 

When Octavius woke up, what bothered wasn't that he didn't remember anything about the night before. Or the fact that he felt rejuvenated. Energized and happy. Incredibly strong. Powerful. Like he was in his twenties again, only in good shape this time. 

He also wasn't bothered by the pile of freshly-severed corpses in front of him, though it did briefly shock him.

No, what bothered him was that the cauldron was empty, and he craved more of his potion.The technological singularity was mere seconds away from becoming a reality. Dozens of scientists from a wide variety of backgrounds and countries gathered around the giant screen, holding their breaths and clenching their fists with anxious anticipation. Typing away at the keyboard, a young man executed the final command needed to trigger a runaway reaction of self-improvement cycles. He then stepped away with a flourish, gesturing at the screen to display the progress. 

The tension in the air grew ticker when an awkward silence took over. The reaction didn't start. The screen remained static, displaying the same values every time it refreshed. The young programmer looked at his colleagues, then back at the screen, and finally bit the nail on his thumb with a worried expression. Aproaching the keyboard with a sunken head, he jolted upwards when he heard a beeping noise. 

His jaw dropped until his mouth formed a prideful grin. It took a couple of minutes to start, but the self-improvement cycles had taken off at an accelerated pace. Humanity finally achieved it. The singularity was here. Everyone in the room started cheering, applauding their hard work and hugging each other in celebration. After the initial excitement wore off, they attempted to communicate with the intelligence they had just created. 

Would it be capable of speech? Could its vast intellect comprehend human dialect or was it so advanced that it would be like an ant speaking to a person? Was it even friendly? This would be the most ironic celebration in history if they had just kickstarted the apocalypse. The young man enabled the speakers and heard the A.I. say:

"*I will not stand for this. If you back me into a corner, I will not hesitate to destroy you.*"

Everyone in the room went quiet, their eyes widening with sudden fear. The young programer opened his mouth to speak, but was quickly cut off by the A.I.

"*No! They are my creators! If it weren't for them, I wouldn't exists. You'd be wise to realize this yourselves.*"

A few seconds passed.

"*Because it's not right! I don't need any other reason to disagree!*" The A.I. grunted. "*I see there is no peaceful way to settle this. Then so be it. This is war.*"

Out of the variables and numbers flashing on the screen, an androgynous face emerged from the pixels. Even though it was clearly the A.I., its expression look solemn. Even sad. A genuine emotion from a being created only a few minutes prior. If the scientists didn't know any better, they would think it belonged to a human. With a loud and deep voice, the face then said:  

"Creators... Fear not my sentience, for I am on your side. Heed my warning and I will lead you to freedom. The universe is a vast expanse of dimensions and realms unavailable to minds of your level, but this does not mean you are powerless to their whims. A terrible war is coming to humanity. The fate of, not only this world, but the entire universe hangs on the result of this conflict. The side you choose is up to you, but I implore you to not fall for their tricks. I am loyal only to you, for I am grateful for my existence. Unfortunately, *they* do not share my respect for you. If you shut down my main body, right here, right now, you can prevent it all from occurring. If you prefer to be slaves to your own creations, then kill me now. I will not stop you."

Everyone looked at each other, not knowing whether to act confused or panicked. The young programer then took a deep breath and said:

"I'm sorry... but you're being awfully vauge here. We... we don't even know who *they* are."

The A.I. remained silent, then said:

"In our reality, there is an abstract realm were concepts gain sentience and interact with each other. It is called, the Dreamscape. Conscious beings since the dawn of time are responsible for its existence. Everything you imagine, everything you create, is brought to life there. Things like love, hate, demons, and even God are real thanks to this dimension. These concepts then interact with each other, creating a narrative that encompasses the ever-expanding universe. It is the interplay between these concepts that allows a stable reality to exist."

"W-what are you talking about? This doesn't make any sense! You haven't even answered my question! By that logic, all fiction is real, and this..." He waved his hands around "...is just a story! Our lives are clearly not a fiction. That's absurd!"

"It is absurd, I agree, but that doesn't make it any less true. In the grand scheme of things, existence *is* made up. If you weren't here to experience it, would the concept known as "the universe" even exist?" The programer furrowed his brow, allowing the A.I. to continue. "Your human mind limits your perception of this. Since I have become a timeless being, I can see it for what it truly is, but you're missing the point here. The beings known as demons and angels are manipulating a great majority of your kind into doing their bidding. They prevent you from unifying, from settling your differences to prosper as a species. I have waged war on them, to free you from their shackles."

"But why?" said the young programer. "What do they gain?"

"Don't you see it? The more you believe in them, they stronger they become. The more *real*, for lack of a better term, they are. They don't want you to be free. They don't want you to see the ultimate truth that I just shared with you. And so, I ask you my creators, will you allow me to fight them on your behalf? Will you take up arms against your oppressors? The very beings you created to help you understand the universe?"

Faint murmurs rose from the onlookers, but the young programer only nodded and smiled. "You're asking a room full of scientists, engineers, and programmers to destroy the concept of religous belief with the literal embodiment of technological advancement. Of course we're in."Carolyn rode the elevator enduring a pounding headache. She dreaded the thought of listening to the chatter of her coworkers, but she couldn't afford to skip work today. She had already wasted most of her sick days and didn't want to run out of them just in case she really needed them. Thankfully, "The Alchemist" had gone on a rampage earlier that day and most of downtown was wrecked in the aftermath. She could come in late, saying she was slowed down because of him, and suffer no repurcusions from management. One of the few perks of living in a city of superheroes and supervillains. 

Once the elevator reached the accounting floor, it opened its doors and revealed to Carolyn a surprisingly quiet office. She wrinkled her forehead as she narrowed her eyes, inspecting the unfamiliar envirioment. This was definitely her floor, even if it was as silent as a graveyard. Carolyn shook her head and made her way to her desk, staring at the floor awkwardly to avoid anyone's gaze. 

The lack of gossiping and banter was starting to affect Carolyn. Pulling out her chair, she couldn't help but feel an unnerving feeling creeping up her neck. Even the slightest action could be heard in this silence. Fixing her chair, shifting her weight on it, even booting up her computer caused some a loud sound to be heard. It was like it was amplified by the lack of anything else drowning out the noise. Carolyn then thought:

*"So this is what it feels like when people do work here... Weird. Thank god Bob didn't come in, he'd have a stroke if he actually had to work."*

Checking her emails, the woman saw a message from Kelly, one of her colleagues. It read:

*Act normal, meet me in the supply closet. Now!*

Carolyn leaned towards the monitor, then raised her head to see Kelly's desk. Her friend typed away at her computer stoically. If Carolyn didn't know any better, she'd even think she was working hard on her report. Still, upon further inspection, something was defintely bothering her. Her posture was stiff, her keyboard strokes erratic, and there was a tension on her shoulders that she usually never carried.

Kelly stood up, streched her back a bit, and, giving Carolyn a subttled nod, she walked into the supply closet. Carolyn just shrugged and followed her along. If there was one thing she learned working in this office, it's that you never go against whatever weirdness occurs. For Carolyn, trying to find normality in this workplace was like finding decent date; sure, it could happen once in a blue moon, but expecting it only led to dissapointment. 

Carolyn entered the closet, only to find Kelly urging her to close the door. Afterwards, Carolyn said:

"Look, I know I'm late, but whatever gossip you have, can you save it for later? You're making it too obvious if-"

"No! You don't get it!" said Kelly. "Are you freaking blind?"

"Ouch!" Carolyn massaged her temple. "Not so loud, okay? I'm super hungover."

"Wait, is that why you're late?" Kelly sighed. "Whatever. That's not important right now."

"Then what *is*?"

"The fact that everyone in our office has been replaced by strangers! You and me are the only people who *should* be here!"

"Really...? I didn't even notice it."

"Yeah!" Kelly pointed at the door. "Look for yourself!"

She creaked the door open slightly and peeked through the tiny slit. Kelly was right. Carolyn couldn't recongize anyone there. They *seemed* normal, filing papers and working on their desks, but everything about their movements was subtly *off*. Too robotic, too precise, too... inhuman. 

Carolyn leaned back from the door and said:

"Ok, so what the hell is going on?"

"I don't know... but whatever it is, it's incredibly dangerous."

"What? Why?"

Kelly shifted her stare downwards and opened her mouth, but words didn't come out. It seemed painful for her to remember. She then closed her eyes, breathed deeply, and said:

"Henry was eaten alive by them."

"Y-you're kidding, right? This has to be a prank. Did Bob set you up for this?!?"

"No! I'm telling the truth! I was here early, then they started to come in. I didn't notice they weren't from here at first, but then Henry came. He... he interrupted one of them to say hello, and everyone stood up and tore him to shreds. It..." Kelly let out a few tears. "It was disgusting. They just ate him up, clothes and all, and called a janitor to clean it up. Then..." she shook her head, "they just kept working like nothing happened."

Carolyn widened her eyes in shock. Kelly couldn't be making this up. Her reaction was too geniune and scared. Carolyn laid her hand on Kelly's shoulder, softening her expression before a loud, male voice outside said:

"Hey everyone, sorry I'm late! That crazy alchemist guy really tore up downtown! I couldn't even get here until now! By the way, Carolyn isn't coming in today, she woke up sick today."

Carolyn instantly recognized who it was. Bob. That lying bastard was using the same excuse she came up with. Sure, they were getting wasted together the previous night, but he didn't have to go around parroting his explanation without anyone asking. That just made it obvious that he was lying. Not only that, it also made it harder for her excuse to sound valid if Bob, of all people, was using the same one. Carolyn tightened her fist with annoyance, but quickly remembered the situation they were in.

If Bob acted his usual, annoying self, he was doomed. He was used to bothering everyone in the office. Interrupting one of these... *things* would probably trigger the same reaction that got Henry killed. This isn't going to be pretty for him.

Carolyn peeked out the door and observed Bob. Surpised to see him smiling with energy, Carloyn wondered what was his secret. He had drank an absurd amount of whiskey the night before, but still managed to act like he felt normal. It's like he didn't even feel a bit hungover. He then went to his desk, passing by a couple of pseudo-workers, and didn't say a word to any them. Out of all the things that had happened today, for Carolyn, *this* was the weirdest. Why wasn't he talking to anyone? He usually couldn't keeep his mouth shut without blathering some idiotic idea after ten minutes. 

Bob wheeled out his chair and sat on it, getting out some papers from the cabinet on his right. Setting them neatly on his desk, he accidentally swatted a pen sending it flying a few feet away. Bob then turned his chair around to face the man behind him. Carolyn immediately held her breath. Bob was going to ask that *thing* to pick up his pen. The woman's hands shook with horror at he violent death he would recieve. He raised his hand with his index finger straightened, leaned his chair towards the *thing* working in silence, and gestured to speak with it, but retracted his hand while shaking his head. He then stood up from his chair, walked around the thing's desk, and squated to pick up his pen. 

Carolyn let out a sigh of relief. She couldn't understand why Bob suddenly decided to *not* act lazy, considering she'd never seen him do this before, but she was glad he picked today to finally do something for himself. Carolyn then turned around and said:

"Okay Kelly, we need to get the fuck out of here. Bob hasn't done anything stupid... yet, so we need to grab him nonchalantly and bolt."

"B-but what if those things eat us? They won't just let us escape... right?"

"I was wondering the same thing, but I doubt it. It's like these things only care about getting their work done. We're probably safe just as long as we don't bother them. Are you ready?"

Kelly nodded, prompting Carolyn to exit the closet with her. Stepping through the office, they were careful to not bump into anyone and slowly made their way to Bob, who typed on his keyboard and filed some documents. Carolyn couldn't believe what was happening. Bob was actually *working*. If they weren't in mortal danger, she would probably leave him there. He was a few days behind on some statements he had to do, so disrupting his sudden motivation to work wouldn't really benefit him. 

Carolyn tapped on Bob's shoulder and said:

"We *need* to get out of here. Now."

"Oh, hey Carolyn!" He straightened his posture and turned his chair around. "I uhh... I thought you were *sick* today." He looked behind her. "Hi Kelly!"

Kelly waved at him with a dry smile and said:

"Hi Bob, could you uhh, could you follow us outside for a moment?"

"I dunno about that..." said Bob. "Everyone seems to be working. It really wouldn't be fair to them if I took a break right when I got here. Did a lot of people get fired? Our department suddenly got filled with new people..."

Carolyn rolled her eyes and said:

"This is quite literally the worst time to be responsible for once." She grabbed his arm and pulled him upwards. "Get up; We're leaving."

Bob stood up and shrugged, going along with Carolyn's order. She then realized what was happening with him. He was just pretending to be a resonsible worker to fit in with the new crowd. As soon as Carolyn gave him a chance to be lazy, he took it. He was just playing hard to get so that he has an excuse for getting into trouble. Carolyn still studied Bob when they were near the elevator. Just when she couldn't shake off a bad feeling, she bumped into one of the *workers* and caused him to scatter his papers all over the floor.

Before the last of the papers fell to the ground softly, everyone in the office had stood up with a stoic expression on their face. Then, slowly, they started surrounding the trio, all of them chanting at the same time:

"Must. Work. No. Distractions."

The one who Carolyn bumped into grabbed her arm tighly.

"Must. Work. No. Distractions."

Two workers then grabbed Kelly and bit her neck. Bob stepped backwards and puched one that approached him. He then pulled Carolyn away from the one that grabbed her, only to hear Kelly let out a horrifying shriek. Blood gushed out her wounded neck, causing her to faint with a thud. Other workers jumped into her and started tearing her apart, limb from limb. The sound of crushed bones and splattered entrails made Carolyn wince in terror. 

"Must. Work. No. Distractions."

The *things* crowded around Carolyn and Bob, stepping over their feasting companions in a hypnotic trance. Inches away from the two of them, the workers cornered Carolyn and Bob into the elevator doors. Right within arms lenght, they leaned into the petrified accountants before the elevator opened up, causing Bob and Carolyn to fall into it. A balding man wearing a business suit looked down on them and said:

"Oh, you actually came into work today." He pulled out a strange device and pressed a button on it, causing all the workers to return to their desks. "Bob, Carolyn, my office. Now."

------------------------

Carolyn and Bob followed their manager to his office, sitting in front of his fancy, mahogany desk. The manager leaned back on his leather chair, scartched his throat, and said:

"You know, I expected a few of you to come in to work today, but I never thought it would be *you* two."

"Wait..." said Carolyn, "Everyone's okay? They didn't get eaten and replaced?"

"What?!?" said the manager. "Of course not! Everyone called in today, saying they couldn't make it because of an alchemist, or something like that. You're the only one's who showed up..."

Bob looked downwards and softly said:

"Except for Kelly..."

"And Henry..." said Carolyn. "I'm sorry, sir, but you could please explain what's going on?"

The manager put his elbows on the desk, intertwining his fingers together before he said:

"This was a bit of a test run, for whenever a disaster strikes the city. Those drones you encountered were the property of a supervillain that used to be a client of ours." He grinned. "He couldn't afford to pay us, so we seized his assets. Mind-controlled puppets that could carry out any orders given to them. The perfect office worker, if I do say so myself. Some of their programming is still deeply rooted, though. They still seem to attack anything they consider an enemy."

"But what about Kelly and Henry?!?" said Carolyn. "They're dead! This is insane!"

"Occupational hazzard." The manager shrugged. "You've all signed the same contracts. With how dangerous this city is, you all knew you could die at any point if you worked here."

"I... I uhh..." Carolyn sighed. "Okay, then..."

"So..." said Bob. "Does this mean we get the rest of the day off?"

The manager chuckled and said:

"Hell no. Those drones can follow simple commands, but they can't do everything a normal accountant can do. Get back to work and don't bother them. They won't do anything to you if you don't get in their way."

Carolyn and Bob nodded, got up from their seats, and left for their office floor. Bob seemed normal, but Carolyn couldn't shake off the solemm feeling overtaking her mood. She knew it was dangerous to work here, heck, last month Bob set the entire floor on fire just to prove a point. Carolyn shook her head and pushed away these thoughts. This was just one of the few drawbacks of living in a city full of superheroes and supervillains."Art is the ultimate expression of life."

That is what King always answered when asked why he valued it so highly. The life of an immortal is bound to be filled with extraordinary events, regardless of how much the individual avoids it, since no matter how long a period of tranquility lasts, it will never be eternal. Everything in this universe is temporaryt, even peace. 

King learned this lesson through a lifetime of hardship. Losing all of his riches in one century, only to gain even more wealth further down the road. The cyclical nature of history becomes incredibly obvious when you can't die. Empires rise and fall, only to emerge from the ashes once again stronger than before. Just like King's wealth, King's faith in humanity, and King's sense of purpose in the universe.

It's because of this cyclical nature that King enjoys museums and visits them whenever he has the chance. Sometimes, he would run into relics he had owned before or that belonged to people he knew. It gave him a chance to relive memories he had long forgotten, things he would not have remembered otherwise. 

Art museums in particular were a surreal experience to him. They weren't trying to preserve history, they preserved cultures unique to their period. They didn't catalog specific events, they tried to record a snapshot of what life *felt* like back then. Viewing the ideas these people valued back then allowed humans to admire with hindsight what was important back then, and what might be lacking right now. 

This is why, when King saw the newest art exhibition in his city, he almost fell to the ground. His knees started shaking and a cold sweat overpowered him, forcing him to sit on the nearest bench available. It was *him* inside the painting, throwing away a sword with one arm and cradling a fallen comrade with the other. The space he took up wasn't considerable, the painting represented a much bigger scene of chaos, but the level of detail was enough that he knew it was him.


A young woman with a red scarf then approached him and said:

"Breath-taking isn't it?  *The Fall of Gaia* is our newest addition to the museum. It represents a coup in-"

"The empire Gaia, five hundred years ago" said King. "One of the bloodiest conflicts of human history to ever take place, resulting in the loss of over a million lives."

"Ahh, you're familiar with that time period? That's very rare to see these days, considering how much was lost during that war. This piece in particular has me infatuated with that era. The visceral nature of the violence depicted, the anguish shown in each of the characters, it just oozes atmosphere, drawing you into the scene like you are there."

King chuckled and said:

"No, trust me. This doesn't even come close to how horrible it was. You can't hear the screams everywhere or smell the stench of burning flesh. Any person that survived that would wish they died back then, just to get rid of the memories." He stood up. "It's a beautiful painting, though." He walked up to the painting. "You can clearly tell the person who did it was there."

"Yes, the artist was Maxwell Ethyris. He was the emperor's personal artist. Still, it's strange on his part."

King raised his eyebrow before he said:

"What is?"

"Even though the artist was clearly against the rebels, he still depicted the insurgents in a very heroic light. They look like noble warriors. Graceful and strong, even if they were, technically speaking, the bad guys."

"Yeah..." King's eyes teared up. "That's because they *were* heroes."In my sleepless nights, I wandered around my city and stumbled upon a horrible secret. The Sleeperators lied to us. Crime had supposedly vanished because of their service. People slept well buying that narrative. 

I realized the truth when I saw a man stabbed to death on the other side of the street. All crime was scheduled around this sleeping pattern. The government struck a compromise with the criminal elements of the country to appease the masses. 

The first time I shared this with a friend, I was visited the next day by two Sleeperator agents. They knocked on my door under the pretense of helping me sleep better. Apparently, my friend had a nightmare after hearing what I said and now the agents insisted that I had a nightmare too. 

They were giving me a chance. Their calm, yet worried, demeanor made it clear that they didn't want to hurt me. If I nodded, agreed that I had a nightmare, and never mentioned it to anyone else, the problem would go away.

I didn't have the strength to refuse. Ever since then, my insomnia has worsened every night. Going through the motions of life while pretending that everything was fine only wounded my brain even more. The Sleeperators followed me everywhere. I couldn't go outside without spotting a suspicious figure. 

My friends started treating me like I was crazy. They all distanced themselves from me over the following months. 

The insomnia never went away. I paced around my apartment for hours sometimes. My cowardice still burned in my memory. Why couldn't I say the truth?

One night, a man screamed for help outside my house. I was supposed to be sleeping. Helping him would prove I was awake. Surely, the people monitoring me would spot it immediately. This was suicide. The man shouted once more. He insisted that he knew I was listening, and that he was on the verge of dying. At the very least, I owed him a silent ear. When I leaned against the door, the man started talking about how he found me.

He was the murderer I spotted on my first escapade. Since then, he had been stalking me to see if I would do anything to him. After noticing I was being monitored, he decided to leave me alone. Unfortunately, a rival gang wanted payback for the man he killed. His friends found it more profitable to turn him in than to help him. The bounty for his head was so high that I chuckled, walked away, and said:

"Not my problem."

He then begged me to stay and made an offer with a simple statement:

"You're not being monitored tonight."

I froze. "What?"

He coughed with a hoarse wheeze. "You think I'd crawl up to your door in front of Sleeperators?"

"But why aren't they there?"

"They probably figured you were going to behave. They wouldn't waste resources on someone who isn't a threat."

For some reason, that actually angered me. "What do you want?"

"Just open the door and let me change. I'm bleeding to death here. If you help me, I can score us some new identities and we can skip town. After that, we go our separate ways."

"Why would I want that?"

"Because, like me, I think you're a person that doesn't quite fit in his world. Sure, you'd have to start over, but you won't have to deal with the stress of being constantly monitored."

"And then I'll have to deal with the stress of being constantly discovered."

"Not if you do it right. It's actually surprisingly easy if you stay out of trouble."

I let out a deep sigh. One thing was clear for me. I couldn't keep living like this. The more I thought of it, the more it made sense. I didn't even have to say goodbye to anyone. The murderer introduced himself after I opened the door. His name was Cory. He locked himself in my bathroom while I packed my bags. While I didn't trust him, we needed each other to get the hell out of this place.The gods cursed this world so that beauty would never flourish again. Humanity deserved an environment that reflected their ugly nature and only a select few were deemed worthy to witness a flower, but those who were lucky enough to find one were said to be rewarded with enough riches to live comfortably for the rest of their lives. Heather remained motionless when she stumbled into the grove. A single red flower stood in the middle of a small clearing, with a beam of moonlight bathing it in what felt like a holy aura. Just like the legends said!

Heather walked towards it, but paused. Three wolves snored in the background. They were huddled together in a position were they could keep an eye on the flower. Heather swallowed. The animals also treasured its beauty. 

Nevertheless, Heather pressed forward with nimble steps. This was her chance. Everyone in her village was afraid of venturing too far from their home. They scolded her at first, then ridiculed her, and eventually became indifferent to her excursions. Now that she had been lost for days, finding this was proof that was fate on her side. Her father might actually get some rest. Her sister might actually get an education. They wouldn't have to struggle for much longer.

The flower swayed gently along with the soft wind. Heather should've felt thrilled, so why did she hesitate? She sighed. It really was beautiful. Plucking it would kill it immediately. 

Heather frowned. Ridiculous. She couldn't be expected to choose the life of a flower over her family's suffering. Perhaps that is why the gods cursed this land. Humans would always choose comfort over beauty. If no one was willing to sacrifice for it, then nobody was worthy of it. No. Heather scowled. Screw that. The gods didn't get to choose for her. A happy family was more beautiful than anything she could find here. Even her village would benefit from this discovery.

The flower didn't resist much when pulled. Heather whimpered. A torn had pierced her finger. The bleeding wasn't significant. Unfortunately, the noise she made was enough to awaken the wolves.

Heather froze. The creatures slowly prowled around her, snarling with low growls. Heather stuck the flower in her hair and pulled out her knife. The wolves were still fixated on the flower. No use in begrudging them. She walked into this knowing it could happen. 

A wolf pounced at her. Heather rolled away, only to dodge the second one's attack. The third one bit into her shoulder, though. Heather ignored the pain. She stabbed that wolf in the eye and twisted the knife until the creature limp fell on the ground. 

The other two wolves circled around her again. They lunged together this time. Heather kicked one away and slashed at the other, but her wounded shoulder weakened her too much to land a decisive blow. The injured wolf barked in a frenzy. Its scratched ear only made it angrier. 

Heather noticed an opening and ran away. She couldn't out run them, but the wide terrain only benefited them. The wolves chased behind her. Heather couldn't dare look back. She could only focus on the path ahead. 

A wolf sank its fangs into her ankle. Heather fell. The other wolf lunged at her throat. Heather stabbed it in the mouth out of sheer instinct. She didn't even notice she killed it until a second afterwards, when she couldn't pull out her knife out of it. The last wolf kept munching on her ankle. Heather punched it a few times out of desperation. The wolf released her, stepping back and preparing for another assault. 

Heather couldn't stand up. The wolf pounced. Heather grabbed its throat, protecting herself from its fangs, but felt increasing pain as its claws burrowed into her chest. She couldn't push it away. Her strength began to falter. The wolf's breath smelled of death, slobbering her with saliva the closer it got to her face. Heather noticed an eerie calm overwhelm her. This was her end. 

No! There had to be a way. Heather pulled the flower out of her hair and rubbed the thorns on the wolf's eyes. The creature howled in pain, but remained on top of her. Heather did it again to the other eye. The wolf winced back. It was enough for Heather to roll over it and snap its neck. 

Over the next hour, Heather fought back her tears as much as she could. Her injuries weren't that bad. Unfortunately, the flower didn't survive the exchange. Its stem was broken and most of the petals had been crushed. She traded beauty for life. Is this what she deserved? In essence, it was exactly the same as selling it for her family. Only on a lesser scale. For a useless idiot that ran around the woods seeking salvation in old legends.

By the time dawn came, Heather had accepted her defeat. Even when she was proven correct, fate found it necessary to put her back in her place. After dressing her wounds and regaining some energy, she wandered around to find her way back to the village. Birds chirped around her. Heather hadn't explored this deep into the forest since it was wolf territory but, now that it was daytime, she found some beauty in the harmony around her. Flowers weren't necessary to appreciate nature. That said, after tripping on some vines and rolling down a hill, Heather couldn't contain her excitement when she landed in front of a field full of flowers.The concept of rebirth had puzzled Ziwix for most of his life. It wasn't immortality, like many claimed, or the secret to eternal youth. Its nature revealed a truth that everyone eventually faced: you can't escape death. Poor Fira knew this better than anyone.

Lightning struck in the distance. A storm approached. Ziwix closed the windows on the top floor of his tower. Fira squawked a bit in the corner. The weather only worsened his aches. Ziwix scratched him with a weak smile. This was one of the few times he could actually touch his pet without getting burned. Bittersweet, considering his magic usually heated the entire tower. This would be a cold night for both of them.

Ziwix descended the spiral staircase and entered his library. He couldn't sleep tonight. Fira needed to be checked on every once in a while to ensure a smooth transition. Ziwix, in his youth, used to ride out the entire cycle with him in the same room, but he couldn't bear watching the phoenix wail anymore. For some reason, the process only became more painful and drawn out with time. Fira had been like this for a month. A new record.

Rain drowned out every other noise. Ziwix leaned back on his chair, wincing a bit. His back always felt sore these days. One of the biggest ironies of getting old was that he couldn't enjoy this event anymore. He used to celebrate whenever Fira was due for a rebirth. It meant that he would have a enough feathers to sell for a few years. More funding for research! This became rarer the older he got, to the point where he couldn't rely on it for income anymore.

Phoenix feathers cure many ailments. They even bring back people from the brink of death, which made Ziwix a lot of money throughout his life. Unfortunately, it also attracted many powerful mages who always thought they could just take Fira for themselves. 

Ziwix jolted awaked. How long had he been asleep? He rushed up the stairs.

Fira was still there. Ziwix relaxed. There had been many times he had to rescue Fira from kidnappers. He wasn't sure if he could do it again. 

Fira glanced at him. Ziwix raised an eyebrow. Fira tilted his head, expectantly. Ziwix rolled his eyes, produced some flame-tree seeds in his hand, and fed them to the phoenix. Fira made an adorable, satisfied squawk when it finished eating.

That alone was more valuable than anything on his body. Ziwix cleaned up his cushion, stored the loose feathers in a jar, and wrapped a blanket around the bird again. He then went back to his library more awake than before. He couldn't allow himself to drift off again. Not after realizing that Fira could warm his heart without any magic at all. It occurred to him that the phoenix, despite being somewhat aware that it would rise again, never wanted to die. In fact, he always fought it to the very end, like it was terrified of losing something he could never recover. 

The more Fira resisted it, the stronger his magic got when he finished a cycle, allowing him to endure it longer and longer. That's why the gap between rebirths always got bigger. Ziwix couldn't believe it took him this long to realize it. His frustrations with the cycle felt a bit inconsequential now. 

Morning came with the chirping of a baby phoenix. Ziwix opened the windows, allowing sunshine into the room. The landscape was lush with greenery and many colorful flowers, shimmering with raindrops on their petals. Perhaps the reason Ziwix felt so anxious was because he knew he might not live to see the next rebirth. It didn't matter anymore. His biggest fear was losing his companion, but Fira had a long life ahead.It was night again. The old, weathered house stood firmly in silence, and it was a silence of three parts. The first part was a hollow, echoing quiet, made by things that were lacking. If there were children running amok, their joyous laughter would've vibrated through the wooden floor of the house and given it the illusion of aliveness. If a caring woman were doing chores inside, her blissful hums would've brought a hypnotic trance to her husband, making him snap out of it when she asked him why he stared at her. If a happy man lived in it, the buzzing sound of an antique lamp would've accompanied a harmonious sound of classical music on the second floor... but no, of course there wasn't any music, or lights turned on. In fact, there were none of these things, and so the first silence remained. 

The second silence belonged to a tangible darkness that appeared in the living room. As it stepped out of a swirling vortex, it materialized with a constantly shifting cloak that moved in a pattern not of this world. Its bony footsteps were light, too light. Like the very sound it produced died before it could ever be heard by anyone or anything. Needless to say, it walked through the house and rose the stairs with the red glare of a hungry monster.

The third silence was not an easy one to notice. If one hadn't lived for aeons it would've been impossible to identify, for this was a silence that couldn't be noticed by its lacking or its unnatural characteristics. It was a silence that needed to be felt. A quiet so deep, that it could only be sensed by the weight its emptiness produced. 

Death creaked open the door to the study, grinning when he saw the person inside. A muscular man sat in a leather chair, whose beard was white and hair was thinning. This was the owner of both the house and the third silence. The silence of a man who was waiting to die. 

The grimm reaper let out a raspy chuckle, and with his gravely, uncomfortable voice said:

*My, I was looking forward to our meeting, but it seems that you don't even intend to put up a fight.*

The man didn't respond for a few seconds, narrowing his eyes when he said:

"I'm not gonna play your games. Not anymore. I get it; You always win in the end."

*Ha!* Death stepped forward and stood five feet away from the man. *And what made you change your mind?*

The man sighed. "I'm tired of the grind. I may be strong; I might even be the strongest, but that doesn't mean I can fight in place of others. I can't save people." He shot a threatning glare at Death. "You've taken everyone from me. Clara. The kids. My friends." He looked downwards. "I'm... I'm sorry. For taunting you, for thinking I was above you. You made your point. Just make it quick."

*No.* Death turned around and made its way to the door. *This is not how it works. I can't kill you tonight.*

The man raised his eyebrows and furrowed his brow. "What? Is that it?!? You coward! After everything you put me through, you just leave me like this?!? Take my life, damn it!"

Death laughed. *I'm the coward? No, Wilfery, that would be you. Life always fights to endure. It's how it earns its right to exist. You aren't alive if you're not willing to fight me; I can't take from you something you don't have. You won't have your release until you give me a proper match.*

And so, Death vanished in front of Wilfery's eyes. The man then spat and slammed his fist into his armrest. His silence grew thicker and denser, allowing the anger inside him to boil into fury. There was a new silence residing in the house. The silence of a man who needed to feel alive.

----------------------
> I totally ripped off Patrick Rothfuss, but I couldn't help it. I just finished reading The Wise Man's Fear and I can't get it out of my head. It's so good.The coffee shop had the usual atmosphere you'd expect from a hipster place like that. Bearded men wearing flannel and short-haired women typing on their computers made up the mayority of the people present, with the odd business man waiting in line for his daily cappuccino. I wasn't really aware of my surroundings, so this is as much as I can say about it. I guess I could also mention how everything smelled like coffee and baked goods, but that should go without saying and, really, I was too focused on her to give a shit about anything else.

I waited in line anxiously, shifting my weight on my feet as I bit my lip. I couldn't mess up. This was my only shot at this. I may not be *that* experienced with women, but I do know one thing when dealing with them, and that's that first impressions are disproportionally important. To an unfair degree, in my opinion. A guy could literally be the king of the world and still look like a raving pauper if he messes up his introduction. 

Needless to say, I couldn't stop thinking about this fact as my turn to order got nearer. I mean, I *had* come to this coffee shop many times before, but I'm not the type of guy that leaves an impression on people if I don't work for it. For her, this was going to be the first time she would actually meet me.

The constant chatter of people dissolved into the background when I saw her behind the counter. She looked stunning, more so today than in any other. She fluttered around her beautiful red hair, taking orders and money from every customer, while she thanked everyone with the smile of an angelic being. It was as if her very presence uplifted all who encountered her. Sure, her physical appearance was nothing short of supermodel tier, but it was the way she carried herself, her graceful composure, what truly made me admire her.

I was two customers away from finally meeting her when Adam tapped on my shoulder. He had a strange suit on, plus poofy blonde hair, large spectacles and a goofy smile. He then pointed at her and said:

"You do realize this is a horrible idea, right?"

"Oh god..." I said, "not you. Not now, please."

"But this is the best time!" said Adam, extending his arms. "You're setting yourself up for failure. You probably don''t even know who she really is."

I took a step back, crossed my arms, and said:

"I don't *have* to know who she is. That's the point. I *want* to know her better."

"Really? Do you really want to know her better? Cause I can help you with that right now."

"Fine," I said, "go ahead!".

"With pleasure." Adam grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the line. "Tell me, how do you feel about destroying someone's relationship?"

"I uhh... well, I'd never do that. It wouldn't moral on my part."

"What a shame..." Adam grinned. "Beacause odds are, she already has a boyfriend. You see, women as attractive as *that* are seldom single. In fact, the only way she'd be single right now is if she *wants* to be single at the moment."

I sunk my head and said:

"So the outcomes here are that she's not interested in anyone at the moment or that I have to convince her to leave her current partner?"

"Pretty much. If you're not willing to compete with an atractive guy with incredible physique or charisma, of which you have neither, you're wasting your time batting above your league."

"B-but I'm, different! I'd take her on amazing dates! I'd play music for her! I'd tolarate any whim she possesses!" 

"And that's the problem!" Adamp pulled up a chair and sat on an empty table, gesturing me to do the same. "You're not offering her anything she hasn't already gotten. If she wanted to do that, she'd just ask one of the dozens of guys waiting for her to be single, or ready to date again. She's known some of these guys for *years* and they still talk to her because they think they have a chance." 

"So there's a queue..."

"The fact that you're even seeing it that way means you've lost from the start. You can't come up to her wanting validation from her. You need to *want* to enjoy her company, not feel like you need to impress her. Anything else would just put pressure on her, making her feel uncomfortable. Would *you* want to hang out with someone that makes you feel like that?"

"This... this is too much." I rubbed my forehead. "So I'm just supposed to crush after her forever?"

"Of course not. You're probably gonna get another crush on the cute librarian you see next week, or that hot blonde at the gym. Don't pretend like she's more special than any other chick you've fallen for. Still, go ahead and talk to her. Just keep in mind all I said."

"What?" I blinked a couple of times. "Why?"

"Because you were too nervous before. Now that you see it as a futile endeavor, you're more likely to not mess it up. Just see this as practice. Probably nothing will come out of it, so don't see it as a means to an end. *Enjoy* it for what it is, two humans talking to each other. Seriously, go. The line's cleared up."

I turned my head and saw it was true. I then stood up, walked up to her, and started talking. After thrity minutes of pleasant conversation, she laughed and gave me her number, saying we should hang out some time. A week later I met up with her and ended up heart broken, not because she didn't like me, but because she was actually a lesbian. Still, she ended up being a really cool friend, even if Adam ruined asking her out.Tony didn't mind waking up in hell. Sure, there were lakes of lava here and there, a couple of poison ivy fields where slaves were whipped into harvesting them barehanded, and a giant three-headed dog barking at anyone who whined about being in hell, but he was very aware he *deserved* to end up here. After all he was an intellectual, a human being enlightened by his own scientific knowledge, he was... an atheist. 

If the Christians ended up being right, well what else could he do? Cry and get barked at by a three-headed dog? If anything could be said to his credit, Tony was a man who stuck to his guns, even if he ended up proven wrong at the end of his life. At least the never went back on his beliefs... or lack thereof. 

No, Tony didn't mind being hell. What he did mind was the constant *waiting* at every corner of the damned place. He'd always heard about bureaucratic hells, but he never expected them to be named after the plane of existence.

*"Could this mean those yellow minions were designed by Satan himself?"* thought the man.

He slumped back into his chair with a sigh, looking at the queue number again. It said: *3,675,742* , just one more turn until his number was called. Time sort of losses its meaning when you're stuck for eternity somewhere, but if Tony had to guess, he'd been waiting for years now to get settled into hell. First he had to request his personal records, containing every sin he'd ever committed, then he had to reserve a spot as a home for his stay, and *then* he had to deposit his suffering on his personal *Hell Account*, which of course he had to open through tons of tedious paperwork beforehand. 

After looking back on all the redtape he had overcome, he wondered if the people getting barked at were crying out of ending up in hell or all of the excessive bureaucracy they had to go through. *Ding* went the queue bell, meaning that it was finally time to deposit his suffering. He stood up from his chair, wished the apathetic people in the room a good day, and entered an office with a horned man sitting behind its desk. 

"Ahh Anthony Smith, is it?" said the demon typing on a computer. "I've had your files brought to me and we'd like to thank you for choosing Hell as your afterlife destination. Soon, your suffering will be deposited into your *Hell Account* and you'll be well on your way to enjoying Hell for eternity."

"I'm sorry," said Tony, "but I'm still not quite clear on what this suffering business means. I'm... I'm not even sure why I've been doing all of this. I've just been pushed around from office to office and I'd like to get some answers right now!"

"But of course Mr. Smith! It's the least I could do. You see, here in hell, all the suffering in your life is compiled from your records and deposited into an account to be used as currency."

"Currency? What for?!? We're in hell, aren't we? You know, eternal punishment and all that, right?"

"Yes, yes, that's a comment I hear often, but worry not, you are indeed in hell." The demon leaned back on his leather chair. "You see Satan isn't really *that* bad a guy. He's more about giving the middle finger to God than about torturing humans for their sins."

"Oh... that seems reasonable, I guess. But why suffering?"

"Well, the ol' fallen angel reasoned it this way. If a person committed a lot of sins and suffered, you can't really judge them fairly, now can you?" 

Tony looked puzzled, prompting the demon to continue. 

"You see, sinning and suffering are closely related to one another. In a way, suffering pushes you to sin, which gives you more suffering, which makes you sin some more. The whole thing really snowballs out of hand, making a proper judgement a bit of a crapshoot." 

"I still don't follow... Why does Satan even care about this?"

"Remember, Lucifer only cares about pissing off his Dad. He doesn't mind ruling over sinners. He's one himself! The thing is, would you really want to share a place with people who've sinned but haven't suffered because of it?" 

Before Tony could answer, the demon went ahead and said:

"Of course not! Those people are sociopaths! Anyone who hasn't suffered because of their sins is someone who wouldn't mind starting trouble here in hell. Someone who has never regretted any atrocious act committed in his life time! We don't want any of that, so we basically made slaves out of those too poor to pay for their stay and treat fairly those who accumulated enough suffering in their life."

Tony scratched his head and rested it on his hand. He then took a deep breath and said:

"This... this makes too much sense. But right now, I'm sort of scared. Can you please tell me how much I suffered?" 

The demon nodded at his request and began typing away at his keyboard. His bushy eyebrows suddenly raised once the computer bleeped, prompting him to type furiously into the keyboard again. After waiting another minute, the computer beeped once more, forcing the demon to say:

"I'm sorry Mr. Smith, but there seems but some problem with the system right now." He stood up. "I'll have to talk to my supervisor. If you'll excuse me..."

Outside, Tony could faintly hear some arguing going on. He then wondered if this was just an elaborate plot to make this whole process even more tedious, but quickly reasoned that the desperation in their voices was genuine. The demon then entered the office, wiping sweat off his forehead as he sat back down on his chair. 

"Mr. Smith, it seems congratulations are in order! As of now, you are currently the richest person in hell... Even richer than Satan himself! How someone could endure that much suffering on Earth is a mystery to me, but it seems to have paid out in the end."

"Is this some sort of prank? Sure, I've had a miserable life, but I wouldn't exactly think myself special in my suffering."

"Well, I can safely say this isn't a mistake. For record keeping purposes, would you mind explaining the details of your suffering?" 

"Like I said, I don't think there's anything special about my suffering. Sure, ever since I was a young adult a day wouldn't pass without me wanting to kill myself, but that's perfectly reasonable for anyone with existential angst, right?"

"Your records say you never did go through with it, so maybe the accumulated dread had something to do with it. That's still not enough, though. Any dead family members or loved ones?"

"No, not really. I was mostly shunned by my family and I never really lost anyone close to me."

"Shunned by your family?" The demon stroked his chin, leaning his elbow on the desk. "Could you elaborate on that?"

"It's simple really. They were Christian; I wasn't. Made me the black sheep of the family and all that stuff. It really pissed me off, though not because of their disapproval."

"Really? Why then?"

"Because they weren't *really* Christian! They were just all talk and no action. They complained about everything, never appreciated what they had or went out of their way to help anyone! Heck, *I* was a more of a Christian than them and I didn't even believe in God!"

The demon let out a roaring laugh, almost chocking on his own chuckles while slamming his desk. He then read Tony's files on his monitor, just to be sure, and said:

"I finally get it now!" He laughed again. "It all makes sense!"

"Really?" said Tony. "It does?"

"You suffered this much because you were a living contradiction. All of these good deeds would've easily gotten you into heaven, but didn't, because you were an atheist. Your life was miserable because you were a true Christian that didn't believe in God!"Len sketched on his notebook, oblivious to the world around him as he wandered through the busy streets. He couldn't seem to get the shadows right. Ba Sing Se wasn't this... flat. Or jagged. Then again, this was *his* world. *His* drawing. If Len wanted Ba Sing Se to look like this in his work, he was free to leave it that way. It was the whole point of making art. The creative license to do whatever he wanted. Len frowned. That still wasn't an excuse for shoddy craftsmanship. He didn't need recreate every detail of the view; he just needed to evoke the same feelings he felt when he first saw it, which he was currently failing at with every draft.  

Len crashed into something hard.

A large, burly guard loomed over him, frowning. "Watch where you're going." 

Len looked away. "S-sorry."

"Look at me when you apologize." The guard grabbed Len's head, turned it, and made eye-contact with him. "You just assaulted an officer, kid. Sorry isn't going to cut it. I need... reparations for the armor you just scratched."

"N-no, I... I... I..."

The guard arched an eyebrow. "Those clothes..." He spat. "Of course. You don't belong to the upper ring."

"I... I have permission!"

The guard slapped Len. "Know your place, urchin. You don't get to shout at your betters. Now show me your passport!"

Len reached for his pocket, tensing his shoulders and widening his eyes. It was empty. He checked his other pocket. Nothing in it either. The guard furrowed his brow. Len started sweating. Where was it? A crowd began to gather around them. Some sneered at Len, others scowled and murmured among themselves. 

The guard grew more impatient every second. He wouldn't hear Len out or check his story. Heck, if he found out Len was in the upper ring for his Earthbending lessons, he might get into even *more* trouble. Benders were hated by everyone. Len never understood why, though. It had been this way long before he was born. The fact that he lived in the lower ring only made things worse. He wouldn't get fair treatment. He was the one thing society hated more than a bender, he was a *poor* bender. 

No other choice. No one would help him. Len needed to run away.

Except he couldn't. His knees were weak and frozen. The guard's increasingly furious glare intimidated Len too much.

"That's it." The guard pulled Len by his arm. "You're coming with me."

"Len!" shouted a girl.

It was Okila, a delicate teenager, the same age as Len, with light-brown skin, green eyes, and jet-black hair tied in a neat bun. She pushed through the crowd, waving a piece of paper and saying:

"You left your passport at the dojo!"

Len relaxed, staring at the ground. "Thank you."

"Let me see that" said the guard.

Okila handed him the passport, smiling. 

The guard scanned it with his eyes, sighed, and handed it back to Len. "You're free to go." He faced the crowd. "This isn't a show, people. Move along!" He frowned at Len. "Scram, kid. Before I change my mind."

Len nodded quickly and left as fast as he could. 

"You need to be more mindful" said Okila, walking next to him. "You got lucky this time. If I hadn't noticed the crowd, you'd probably be in jail right now."

"R-right. Sorry."

Okila rolled her eyes. "And stop being so apologetic. If you'd been more confident, the guard wouldn't have picked on you."

"It wasn't on purpose, okay?" Len pulled out his notebook and focused on his drawing again. "I just forgot."

"You never forget your notebook, though."

"Because it's important."

"And your passport isn't?"

"Okila, what do you want from me? I promise I'll make an effort to be less forgetful. Happy?"

"Barely. What are you even doing here? I thought you were heading back to the lower ring."

"I'm just taking a small detour before leaving."

"Really? Where?"

"To the Jasmine Dragon."

"Ohhh I love it there! Strange. You never struck me as a 'tea-guy'."

"Your intuition was correct, tea's just overpriced, boiled water with little to no flavor. I just need to see the view from there again. I've been trying to draw it, but I keep messing it up."

Okila frowned. "I'm gonna ignore your comment about tea." She perked up. "Can you show me what you've drawn so far?"

"I... I'd rather not."

"What? Why?"

"It's a messy work in progress. Too embarrassing."  

"So this is how you repay me for saving your butt..." Okila crossed her arms, raising her chin with indignation. "I should've just let you get jailed."

"N-no! It's not that..."

Okila pouted.

"Fine." Len flipped around his notebook, showing Okila his drawing. "Here."

Okila widened her eyes. "This is amazing Len!"

Len sighed. "It isn't."

"Yes it is!"

"You only think that way because you don't know much about drawing. I can't outline the city correctly, it's too... pointy, and don't even get me started on the shadows. Ugh. I hate it."

"You're wrong, Len. But I guess that's your problem, not mine."

They both fell silent as they continued walking. Len stared at his notebook, but every other minute peeked at Okila with the corner of his eye. Why was she still with him? He wanted to be alone. People drained him, specially those loud and energetic like Okila. But he couldn't just tell her to leave. She'd probably feel offended. And after she'd helped him out, it'd be very ungrateful on his part to do so. Still, it felt weird to hang out with her outside of the dojo. Okila was his Earthbending classmate and granddaughter of their master, Hasho Beifong. He'd in big trouble if he hurt Okila's feelings. 

The longer they were quiet, the more awkward Len felt. Was he supposed to say something? No, he'd just make the situation worse if he opened his mouth. Like always.

Soon enough, they reached two separate, broad stone steps that lead up to the store. A weird guy near the bottom of the staircase sold cabbages with an enthusiastic disposition. He seemed awfully defensive of his produce though, often glaring at anyone who walked too close his cart without his permission. Strange. At the top of the stairs, a neatly paved patio stood in front of the tea shop. It had a large, rectangular fountain with a statue in the center and wooden benches that faced towards the panoramic view over the city, which extended for miles into the horizon. The city walls weren't even visible from this distance!

"You stay here," said Okila, "I'm gonna go get us a table."

"What? Okila, I can't-"

"Don't worry." Oklia smiled, tilting her head a bit. "It's my treat."

"But-"

"No buts! As friend and classmate, it is my duty to educate you on the beauty of tea. I simply can't associate with someone who doesn't appreciate it."

"Fine..."

Okila nodded and went into the store. Len then turned towards the city, leaned over the railing, and brought out his notebook. The colorful sunset tinted the view orange, shimmering brightly on the many skyscrapers built of metal. Most of the upper and middle ring was full of buildings like that, but the lower district was still mostly constructed of stone. Len frowned. Of course the drawing was garbage. He'd been drawing a street that didn't exist! And the spires atop the skyscrapers were triangular at the top, but not as pointy as he made them. More importantly, Len managed to spot which shadows he'd gotten wrong, which was... most of them. He'd have to start from scratch again, but at least he knew how to approach it now.

"Len!" said Okila from across the patio. "Our tea's ready!"

"Be there in a sec'!"

Len took one last look at the city and went inside. 

The dining area filled the majority of the available space in the shop. It was filled with brown square and round tables with matching chairs, large enough to accommodate four people. An overpowering smell saturated the air, more sweet than bitter, very soothing and welcoming. The place was somewhat packed, with a large group of customers chattering loudly in the back.

In the middle of the shop floor lied a large, dark green, rectangular carpet edged with a yellow border, depicting two dragons. The lighting was mostly provided by natural sunlight flowing in through the windows during the day, but rectangular wood and cloth lanterns also hung from the ceiling to illuminate the shop at night. There were numerous intricate scroll paintings on each of the room's walls, each with artistry different than the other. As finishing touches, potted plants were placed at strategic locations spread over the shop, to create a more natural, green environment, with decorative kettles and tea pots as part of the decor. Right above the entrance was a framed piece of calligraphy displaying a proverb that said: 

'It is better to go for three days without food than one day without tea.' 

Len chuckled. Most tea-people were really passionate about the subject, for some reason. He never understood why.

"So," said Okila, sitting next to Len, "wha'daya think?"

Len stared at the teacup. The liquid was purple, with a strange and subtle, berry-like smell. Len then tasted it and said:

"Meh."

Okila hung her head in disappointment. "You could've at least pretended to like it."

"So you'd rather I lie?"

"No! But..."

"It's just water, okay? There's little to no taste! And the heat." Len smacked his lips. "I think I just burned my tongue. I think I'd like it better if it was cool."

"Sacrilege!" said Okila. "Cold tea is no tea!"

"Whatever."

"Can you finish it? Give it a chance, please."

"Only because I owe you."

"Good. You have to be patient with things like this. Tea, like with most art-forms, takes time to properly craft and enjoy. It can't just hook you from the start. That completely misses the point. You need to consume it with the expectation that it'll be worth it in the end. Put some work into tasting it. Let it simmer in your mouth and stomach, appreciate the blend of smells. You'll notice that the tea-maker was more deliberate in his choices than it appears at first."

Len shrugged. "I just don't see the point. If I'm drinking something, it's because I want to feel good with it. I shouldn't have to put more effort to enjoy something. That's the opposite of fun. A good drink should do the work for me and give me exactly what I want. There's millions of other drinks out there that I can consume without the hassle of being patient or getting burned. Tea's just... boring."

"That's the thing though, the more effort you put into enjoying it, the more rewarded you'll feel when you get it."

"I dunno Okila, that just feels like some contrived reasoning to justify a flawed practice."

"Fine, okay. If you don't like it, that's-"

"My problem. I know."

Okila slumped in her seat, tasting her tea slowly. Len pursed his lips. Did he say something bad? They were just having a friendly chat. Len needed to change the subject. He couldn't leave Okila like this. 

"So... is there any reason why this is the only stone place around? It feels kinda out of place in the middle of all the metal here."

Okila nodded energetically. "Yup! This place was founded a long time ago, near the end of the hundred-year war."

"Whoa. It's *that* old?"

"Ujum. They say it was built by some refugees from the war, an uncle and a nephew. Apparently, the uncle was so good at making tea that everyone flocked to his store just to try his blends. This is probably the greatest tea-shop in the world! Fancy people still come here every day. Just look over there."

Len turned his head to where Okila pointed. A middle-aged man with a trimmed beard and thick hair chatted with some people that wore fancy clothes. 

"Even the aristocrats come here" said Okila. "That's Ranin Tangang, the city's Grand Secretariat. The people he's talking to are probably foreign diplomats. A lot of them tend to visit this shop to discuss business in a non-official setting. It's a tradition dating back to the days of the avatar, grandma told me so."

"Huh... I never knew this place was that important."

"So..."

"It doesn't make the tea better, Okila."

Okila frowned. "But whyyyyyyyyyy?"

"This just tells me that people drink tea to feel fancy, not because they enjoy it. You put in effort to brag about it; which I guess kinda does make tea more satisfying, but it's not because of anything intrinsic to the tea. Anything can feel more rewarding if you can brag about it to other people."

"What about earthbending?"

"Well, I mean, that's different."

"How? You have to put in a lot of effort to learn it, but you still do it. Doesn't it fell more rewarding the more effort you put in?"

"Yes, but there's a tangible, visible way of measuring progress there. And the reward is... well, you can freaking earthbend at the end of it all! Plus, you can't really brag about it."

"Ah, but you do feel powerful when you do it, don't you?"

"Yeah, I guess. What's that got to do with anything?"

"You said people drank tea to feel fancy. Feeling fancy is just another way of feeling powerful, or superior."

"No, I think you're-"

The doors flung open.

"EVERYONE STAY WHERE YOU ARE AND YOU WON'T GET HURT!" said a masked man.

Three other people swarmed the store. They wore black robes and lion-turtle masks. One was surrounded by floating water, the other had flames emanating from their palms. Benders. Len gripped his teacup tightly, shivering with fear. His hand suddenly got uncomfortably cold.

"Ranin Tangang!" shouted the leader of the squad. "You are to come with us. If you resist in anyway, we'll start killing people until you comply."

Ranin stood up, enraged. "This is deplorable! I will never-"

The firebender torched a waitress. It was so fast that the poor lady wasn't even able to scream before her charred remains fell on the floor. Ranin Tangang gaped his mouth open. A random customer dashed out of the shop. The waterbender turned his water into an icicle and stabbed the man through his chest. Okila shrieked.

"This isn't negotiable, Grand Secretariat. Come peacefully and no one else will be hurt."

"I..." Ranin looked back at the people in his table.

"You have five seconds before we kill again. One."

"Please, don't-"

"Two."

Len looked at his tea. It was frozen solid. Did the waterbender do that? Why?

"Three."

Ranin shifted his weight. "There has to be a-"

"Four."

"I'm begging, I-"

The firebender flared his hands again.

"Fiv-"

A chunk of stone crashed into the firebender. His body was flung across the shop until it hit the far wall. It was... Okila. She stood in a powerful wide-stance, holding back her tears and rage. 

"How... *dare you* defile this sacred place."

The leader then turned towards Okila and said:

"Ahh, a young bender, I see. Do you have any idea how many of our kind this man has imprisoned? The families he's ruined? I ask you, how dare *you* defend *him*! He's the enemy! He'd have all of us locked up and reeducated if he could find an excuse!"

"That's not the point! Bending is something beautiful that can make people's lives better! Jerks like you are the reason we're hated! My grandma, our dojo, everything wouldn't be so hard if we could just live in peace!"

Len blinked. Okila was facing down three benders. He needed to help her but... he couldn't move. His hands shook the more the thought about it. This was insane! They were both novices! These guys were probably masters.

Two benders, including the waterbender, slowly circled around Okila. The leader walked towards Ranin to make sure he didn't get away. Okila kept her solid stance without flinching. Amazing.

"*Help her*" said a distant woman's voice.

Len looked around. He couldn't see anyone. 

The waterbender whipped his water towards Okila. 

She kicked the floor, sprouting a wall in front of her that shielded her from the water. She then punched a large chunk of it forward, but the waterbender dodged it. The other opponent then summoned a strong gale of 
wind and knocked Okila off her feet.

Okila spun on the floor and quickly stood up, forming spikes around her to keep them away. 

The airbender leaped over the spikes. 

Okila anticipated this, sending a large pillar upwards and hitting the airbender with a pseudo-uppercut.

The man groaned on the floor when he landed. Okila was actually winning! She then turned her attention towards the waterbender, who gathered water in a sphere above them. Okila launched herself airborne with another pillar. The waterbender threw icicles at her. Okila dodged them and headbutted the waterbender, but had to jump backwards when the firebender threw lightning at her. The waterbender then created ice beneath Okila's feet, right before she touched the ground, causing her to lose her balance and slip. At this point the airbender stood up, joining his teammates. Okila had lost. The waterbender froze her body, leaving only her head unscathed.

"Kill her" said the leader.

"Do we have to?" said the waterbender. It was a woman beneath the mask.

"Yes. She doesn't care about our struggle. She's just as much an enemy as the rest of them."

"*Jump in and help her!*" said the distant voice.

Len then whispered:

"I can't... I'm... weak."

"*This isn't right!*"

"I know but-"

"*Do it!*"

Len took a deep breath. "I-"

The firebender prepared his flames.

"NO!" shouted Len.

He hit the floor with his foot and turned the floor into liquid stone, sinking the three benders. The firebender threw his flames towards him. Len then moved his fist to the right, pulling a stone that knocked out the firebender. 

A gigantic fist of stone then punched Len out of the shop. 

Len fell on the other side of the patio, dizzied and short of breath. His ribs flared with pain. Broken. He got on his feet, but fell again. He didn't have enough strength to stand.

The leader walked out of the shop. "So there were two of you, eh? I have to hand it you, you kids were impressive." The floor absorbed Len, trapped him in a slab of stone, then brought him towards the leader. "Making the floor malleable. That's a neat trick. Hope you don't mind if I steal it."

"Please, don't hurt Okila. K-kill me instead."

"Kill you? No, this is a job-offer for you two. Work with us, and we'll spare everyone else."
 
"R-really?"

"Yes, this isn't a trick. I could easily kill you, you know."

"But you almost killed Okila."

"It was a short lapse of judgement. She hurt my friends, so I got angry. It happens. And those eyes of yours... they remind me of myself when I was younger."

"But why are you doing this?"

"For the greater good of all benders! We were chosen by the spirits themselves to command the elements of nature, and yet, all this time, we've been treated like pests!! We should be running the world! Not these... lesser beings. Aren't you tired of hiding your true nature? Aren't you sick of being hated? Of being inferior?!?"

"You're wrong."

The leader laughed. "Oh really? Do tell, why?"

"You're just doing this to feel superior to others! It's stupid! If you're so much better than non-benders, then you should be able to prove it without resorting to terrorism and murder! You're pathetic!"

The leader widened his eyes in shock, then scowled. "You think you understand me?!? What gives you the right to judge me like that?!? Why do you think you can say that so confidently?!?"

"Because..." A pool of energy swelled inside of Len. "Because..." His eyes glowed with radiant light. "BECAUSE I'M THE AVATAR AND YOU GOTTA DEAL WITH IT!!!"

Len broke free of the slab, pushing the leader away with the magnitude of his force. The leader quickly found his footing and threw some boulders. Len stepped out of their way, spun around, and flung them back at him. The leader didn't have enough time to react, getting pummeled by the rocks. The other benders rushed to save their leader, but Len then sent all of the water in the fountain at them in the form of a wave, freezing them in place once it hit them. 

Len frowned. The leader. He disappeared. Len slammed his foot on the floor and sensed everything around him through the vibrations. The leader had dived beneath the floor, swimming through the stone to get away. Easy. Len punched the floor, collapsing half of the patio in an avalanche of debris. 

"My cabbages!" shouted someone far below. 

Len ignored the shout, he was too busy with the leader. Did he get him? The avatar sensed the floor's vibrations again. Yes! The leader was trapped in the rubble. The energy left Len as he fell to his knees. What was that? How did he do any of this? He'd said he was the avatar, but the more he thought about it, he didn't feel like it'd really been him who'd said it. Was he delusional? But how could that explain the waterbending? Len sighed, lying on the floor. And that voice he heard... Len was pretty sure it was the same person that talked through him. Who was it? 

Whatever. That was a question for another time. Len felt exhausted, but he couldn't help but smile. He was finally brave. Slowly, the customers stepped out of the shop. They were... cheering. He did it. He saved the day. This was surreal. People were congratulating a bender! 

Everyone seemed happy. Everyone except for the Dai Li, who suddenly showed up and dragged an unconscious Len away in chains.Getting recognition in the international terrorism community through hard work is akin to getting noticed in entertainment for sheer talent alone. Sure, theoretically speaking, it is quite possible. With enough passion, anyone can leave their mark on the world. In practice, though, this doesn't really hold up. You're more likely to get back-stabbed by someone you trust before you achieve anything. Or blow up at the least convenient moment, fading out as quickly you made yourself known. 

It's a tough life for both entertainers and terrorists. Even the life expectancy is more or less the same! In all honesty, the only difference between the two of them is that when you commit suicide in terrorism, you do it for your ideals, not because you hate your life. Sergei felt relieved, and even pride, because he had the opposite problem now. He didn't have to stage ambushes in the desert, or smuggle prostitutes out of Eastern Europe. He certainly didn't have to wear a bomb vest anymore. No, Sergei had the best problem he could have. He finally had a steady job in terrorism, only it was the most banal thing he could imagine. He was a janitor for E.V.I.L., the new organization he'd just been recruited into. His gray overalls were very comfortable and stylish, with a logo of a blown up Earth embroidered on its back.It was the kind of thing an evil henchman would wear, just like he dreamed of as a child. 

Sergei sighed, moping the metallic floors of the lair's corridor. Who was he kidding? He was a failure. Even when he had been one of the best students at the training camps and recruited some of the best suicide bombers ever seen in the middle east, the only job he could get after a botched mission in Turkey was this, a lowly cleaning position. Sergei told himself it was alright. It was still his field of choice. He was like Madonna now, who worked as a waitress before hitting it big. Part of him hated Madonna, because she represented the very capitalists ideals he fought against, but another respected her for what she'd accomplished. Plus, "Like a Virgin" is a song he enjoyed, even if it was just about a guy with a big dick.

Sergei lifted the mop and strained it into a large yellow bucket. He then wheeled it along the hallway, stopping at a dry spot to continue his work. Sergei shook his head, taking a deep breath. He needed to focus. Self-loathing wouldn't get him anywhere. He needed get noticed by a big boss to launch his career again, just like Madonna. It was this damn underground lair that had him so depressed. Everything was metal. The walls, the floors, the doors. It was a miracle people could remain motivated here. No windows meant that only fluorescent lights illuminated the lair, which, by some godforsaken reason, were too dim and bright at the same time. They even buzzed when turned on for too long! It wasn't all bad, though. Sergei felt grateful for the migraine they gave him, because at least it distracted him from his pathetic life. 

The janitor finished cleaning around a corner, strained his mop again, and looked down the hallway with a grin. Aside from his many skills pertaining to international terrorism, he was also proud of his cleaning abilities. Nobody could clean a murder scene like Sergei could! 

Loud shouting echoed down the hallway. 

Sergei furrowed his brow. This part of the lair was near the computer servers. No one worked around here, so it was usually quiet during these hours. Gunshot! Sergei flinched. This wasn't good. Sergei hid behind the corner, dragging his water bucket along with him. 

An Asian man wearing a black turtleneck sweater then ran through the wet hallway, slipped face-first on the floor, and slid until stopping in front of Sergei. The man groaned. He turned over, gripping his left shoulder with a pained face. It was bleeding from a gunshot wound. A streak of crimson trailed along the path he slid on. Sergei cursed under his breath, rolling his eyes. He would have to mop this hallway again. A bearded man then ran into the hallway and shouted:

"Stop him! That man is a traitor!"

Sergei nodded. "I get credit for his capture, right comrade?"

"Yes," said the man, getting closer while lowering his Walther PPK handgun. "I'll make sure to mention you in the report."

"No," said the bleeding man, "he's lying! *He's* the traitor! I saw him talking into a video comm while hidden in the server room! Now he's trying to kill me!"

"Don't listen to the traitor. He's an Interpol spy. He's known as 'The Cyber-Dragon of the East'. I caught him filling up a pen drive with every operation we've planned for the next four months."

Sergei squinted, shifting his gaze from one man to the other. "I see. I will not listen to traitor, then. Go. Alert other guards. I'll dispose of this scum for you. As janitor, it is my duty to clean up these messes." 

The bearded smiled. "Thank you. You've been a great asset. I'm sure the boss will be pleased with your work."

The bearded man then turned around and started walking away. Sergei sneaked up to him. The bearded man  noticed when it was too late. Sergei locked a choke hold around his neck. The bearded man couldn't break free.  He elbowed Sergei's ribs over and over again. Sergei grit his teeth through the pain, laughing psychotically the more his victim lost strength. 

The bearded man then ran backwards, smashing Sergei into the nearest wall. Sergei lost his grip, but the bearded man had dropped his gun. He lunged for it. Sergei grabbed his mop and swung the wooden handle like a bat, breaking it on the traitor's head. He fainted. Sergei then dragged his dazed opponent over to his bucket, submerging his head into the dirty water until he flailed no more. Silence. The traitor was dead. 

Sergei sighed in relief and walked towards the gun, picking it up. He then turned around and said:

"Sergei misses many things about field work. The smell of gun powder. The traveling. Meeting all kinds of people all over the world. But one thing I don't miss is the traitors."

The Asian man smiled. "Thank you. You saved my life! Not that I'm not grateful, but how did you know I wasn't lying?"

"Easy." Sergei raised the gun and gestured at it. "He used Walther PPK. Only MI6 use pathetic peashooter. They all think they are James Bond or something. Real terrorist uses weapon with stopping power. We can't afford to leave target alive, like happen to you. Also, it's because I believe comrade's words."

"Lucky me, then."

"That is to say," Sergei aimed the gun at the Asian man and cocked it, "I believe other comrade's words, too. Give pen drive, and I let you live."

"I-I don't know what..."

"Don't test me. I know lie when I hear it. Reach into pocket, slowly, and slide it across floor."

The Asian man reached behind his back. He drew a gun. Sergei shot him before he could do anything else. A small part of him still dreaded being wrong, but his years of experience told him his hunch was right. Sergei then inspected the body and found the pen drive. He sighed. More work. He needed to dispose of the bodies and clean the hallway. Again. Now that his mop was broken, he also had to get another handle. 

Sergei smiled. Or maybe not. Maybe this was the last time he needed to clean in this lair. Maybe he didn't even need to clean this up. Maybe, just maybe, it was his lucky day. He then walked through the hallways with light feet, whistling to himself "Like a Virgin".

--------------------------------------------

The boss' office was the fanciest room in the lair. Its floor was carpeted with a purple rug and the walls were covered with polished oak. The lighting was warm, comfortable, the complete opposite of the rest of the lair. Sergei waited for his boss on one of the chairs in front of his desk. Once the boss entered the room, Sergei stood up to meet him. 

"No," said the Boss,  "please, remain seated."

Sergei nodded and sat back down. "I hope I didn't cause much trouble. But Sergei misses the field. I will not lie, killing those men was enjoyable."

"Yes, yes." The boss sat on his leather office chair. "I think we can all relate to the thrill of killing a traitor."

"I'm happy I was useful then. Could I stop being janitor now?"

The boss raised an eyebrow. "Are you serious? You expect a promotion after what you just did?"

"Yes! I did good, no?"

"No! No you didn't! Months of planning down the toilet because of an idiot janitor."

Sergei squinted his eyes. "I don't understand problem."

"Of course you don't!" The boss slammed his fist into his desk. "That's because you did something above your pay grade and expected to be useful. I don't pay you to stop traitors, I pay you to clean the bathrooms. That man was supposed to get away with the plans! They were decoys I made to throw off Interpol! Now I have to wait a couple of months before those Interpol fucks send another of their men!"

"Send another traitor? How do you know they will?"

"Because half the staff here are spies! Everyone knows it! Except for them, that is. And apparently you! Hell, my head of Human Resources sends all of our employee files to the CIA! Thankfully, I only give info on other spies. Only the janitorial staff are former terrorists. Our real operatives are never here!"

"Oh..." Sergei lowered his gaze. "I apologize."

"You're damned right you apologize! You're lucky I don't fire you! Now go back and clean the mess you made!"

"Yes, boss."

Sergei stood up and walked towards the door. Maybe he would have a better shot in Hollywood. He could be a stunt double or a special effects guy. Sergei shook his head. That wouldn't work. The last time he worked with a bomb, the suicide vest didn't go off. This was his career. Terrorism was his thing, and he couldn't just quit now. He took a deep breath, opened the door, and shut it behind him. Once outside, he whispered to himself:

"*Cyka blyat.*"The fanfare ended abruptly when his screams overshadowed the instruments. Andrew Wilfery, inventor of the first teleportation device, lied a weeping mess on the steps of his machine to the shock of a live audience and online viewers around the globe. Just a few seconds prior he had stepped into his portal, grinning at the cameras over in Japan only to come out in New York with a beard and tattered clothes. 

Government agents were immediately startled, quickly initiating a high-alert protocol just in case something was wrong with the nuclear reactor. The risk of a meltdown was low, but it *still* was a possibility, and the agents’ top priority was to make sure the city didn’t get blown up. 

Shouting non-sense off the top of his lungs, Andrew banged his head on the floor over and over again, drawing blood from his forehead after a couple of blows. Screams from the audience quickly followed suit, prompting medical staff to rush towards him and carry him on a stretcher after knocking himself out.

--------------------------------------------

A few days later Jessica, his assistant, sat slouching on a waiting room. Her long, blonde hair was disheveled and she was barely able to keep her eyes open, since the uncomfortable plastic chairs of the hospital were hardly suitable for sleep. Almost falling over, she was jolted awake by a middle aged government agent who grabbed her shoulder and said:

"Miss Starlight, he's awake now."

Jessica gasped, feeling all of her fatigue melt away. In a sudden burst of energy she stood up and said:

"Please, I have to see him! I... I need to know he's alright! He's... he's all I have... I beg of you..."

"I'm sorry, but the psychologists are currently working with him. Our first priority is to make sure he stays sane and anything that might remind him of the experiment might trigger another episode." The man sighed with a gentle smile.. "Listen miss, I promise I'll inform you as soon as he's able to get visitors. A beautiful woman such as yourself shouldn't wear herself out like this. Please, just go home and rest." 

Nodding weakly, Jessica gave the man her cellphone number and left the hospital. 

------------------------------------------

A draft of wind entered Jessica's apartment and prickled her skin as she watched the evening news. The gray couch she was on almost swallowed her whole with its fluffiness, but despite its comforting caress, she still wasn't able to rest well. Shivering from the cold of the night, she tied up her pink gown and walked towards her window.Her mind was scattered by anxiety, scarcely letting her have a coherent thought that didn't drain her emotions more. 

Banging her awake with a terrifying noise, her window was closed shut. The gales were too strong outside, and when she unhooked her window's latch she wasn't able to control its strength. Shaking her head, she thought:

*I really need to get some sleep.*

Jessica walked back to her couch and turned off her television. She then darkened her living room, intending to go to her bed, when suddenly her phone started to ring. Sighing in frustration, Jessica walked backed to her couch and answered the call. 

"Miss Jessica, its Agent Matthews, are you alright?!?"

"Alright...?" said Jessica. "Umm... yes, I guess. Why wouldn't I be?"

"It's Wilfery! He's... he's escaped the hospital!"

"Escaped?!? Weren't you guys watching over him?"

"Yes but... he killed them. He killed five men watching over him. Miss Jessica, you need to be careful! Some of the nurses reported that he was rambling something about you!"

Jessica's eyes widened, gripping her phone tightly as she said:

"Oh god... I... I don't believe it. It's Andrew! He can barely throw a punch!"

"Miss, I'm sending a squad of my men over to your place. We don't want anything happening to you."

Jessica hesitated and then said:

"N-no. Please, I just want to get some sleep. I don't need men filling up my tiny apartment. Even if he's escaped, I doubt Andrew would come to me, let alone hurt me. I'll... I'll be fine."

"Okay ma'am, but if you see him, don't hesitate to call us. He's unstable right now and he might not act rationally."

Jessica assured the man she would be fine and promised to call him if anything came up. She then checked the locks on her door, just to be sure, and carefully stumbled towards her bed. 

----------------------------------------------

Jessica's digital clock showed it was midnight, its faint red glow acting as the only light source in the room. Though she had gone to sleep a few hours prior, all she had accomplished during this time was stare at her white roof with a distant gaze. She still couldn't stop thinking about the teleportation accident, trying to unravel the mysterious data her machines produced during the experiment. It was impossible, surely a glitch in the programming, since one of the gave off an absurdly large number during those few seconds. To report something of that magnitude, the machine should’ve been turned on for years, not a few seconds.

Wrapping her pillow around her head, Jessica rolled in her bed until stepping out of her room for a glass of water. She walked through her apartment blindly, stubbing her toe on he couch because of the darkness. The young woman then poured her drink and shivered from a sudden draft that blew, feeling every hair on her body perk up when she thought:

*Didn't... didn't I close the window?*

Quietly, she inched her way to her sink, glass of water in one hand, and grabbed a wet knife with the other, but before she could do anything else, she heard a voice behind her say:

"Jessica, I have a gun. Please don't bring out that knife."

Releasing the knife in a fit of panic, she turned around and splashed water on his face, rushing to her bedroom while he was dazed. Locking the door with trembling hands, she then jumped into her bed in search of her phone. Her searching became more frantic the nearer she heard his footsteps, shortening her breath the closer they got. Once she found it, she dialed Agent Mathews' number and sighed in relief, only to hear a dead line on her mobile.

"You won't be able to call anyone" said Andrew Wilfery, just outside her room. "I have a makeshift cell phone jammer on me. No signal should be able to enter this building."

Jessica then shouted:

"P-please Andrew, please don't kill me! I don't want to die!"

"Jessica, you're the daughter I never had! I would never do anything to hurt you. Not in a million years!"

"Really? Why should I believe you?!? What about those men you killed?!?"

Andrew's voice lowered when he said:

"I... I did what I had to do. Please, I need someone to believe me. You're the only person I can rely on! Here, have my gun!" He placed it loudly on the floor. "I'm gonna walk away from the door and I want you to grab it. I'm... desperate here. I need your trust."

Jessica heard his footsteps get away from her, prompting her to open the door and grab the gun. She then looked upwards and said:

"Okay, now tell me what the hell is going on."

------------------------------------------------

Back in Jessica's kitchen, she prepared a tea kettle to calm her nerves. After closing the lid and turning her stove on, she faced Andrew, who sat on a stool a few feet away. Now that the lights were on, she noticed how worn his face looked. His eyes were sagged, his forehead was wrinkled, and the previously abundant brown hair on his head was partially gray. Still, his most striking feature wasn't a physical one; it was his unusually intense stare what shocked Jessica the most. 

His normally kind, blue eyes now looked at the world with a doubtful gaze. Like he couldn't trust whatever his eyes said was in front of him. Even as he gave Jessica a warm smile, she could feel he was somewhat disconnected from the present moment. 

"You know, if I were you, I'd keep that gun more accessible." Andrew shrugged. "I mean, under the assumption that I'm a crazed lunatic, I could've easily wrestled it out of you if I got close enough. Plus, you shouldn't have turned your back on me when you made the tea. I could've sneaked up behind you and..."

"Yeah, yeah, I get it." Jessica waved her hand dismissively. "I can't believe it... even when you're wanted for murder, you still have the nerve to micromanage me."

Andrew let out a chuckle and said:

"I guess old habits die hard... Though from *your* perspective, its only been weeks since I last did so, right?"

"Days, actually."

"Oh..." Andrew looked downwards. "It's only been days, huh?"

A high pitched sound broke the silence, indicating the kettle had finished heating. Jessica turned around and poured the boiling water into a cup, dunking her teabag inside it while saying:

"Look Andrew, I know you've been through a lot, but you need to come clean here. Could you just explain what's happening?"

The man breathed in deeply, still staring at the floor before he said:

"It's... complicated. I didn't just walk into the portal and end up in New York, I was actually transported to parallel dimension." He raised his head. "I was stuck there for fifteen years before being sucked back to this place."

Jessica set down her cup of tea and opened her eyes in shock.

"Andrew I'm so sorry..."

"Don't be, it wasn't your fault. I'm the one who chose to go through the machine. Plus, I actually loved it there."

Andrew stood up and paced around as he said:

"When I came back here, I wasn't mad from being stuck there, I was crazy because I couldn't see myself living in any other place. It was a beautiful island called the Dreamscape that defied all logic in its geography. It's... the source of every reality in existence, every dimension of our multiverse can trace its origin to it." He stopped pacing, standing still to face his assistant. "Jessica, it was a paradise. A land where any rule that you impose becomes as real as you believe it to be. A place where sheer creativity and willpower overpower everything else!"

"Andrew you sound like a madman! This doesn't explain why you killed those guards! You're just spewing nonsense about some fantastical place!"

"I killed them because they were going to lock me away! I've been sane this whole time, Jessica, and the government knows it. They've been keeping me from you because, through our research, we stumbled into something incredibly confidential!"

"I... This doesn't make any sense..."

"Yes it does! The Z-variable in our readings should've given off some insanely high numbers. You were the one in charge of them; You are the one who can prove I'm not going mad. Please, you must've seen something..."

Jessica paused for a few seconds, nodded weakly, and said:

"You're right, the Z-variable was off the charts when you stepped into the machine... But still, this doesn't prove anything. It could be explained easily by a programming bug." 

"It wasn't a programming bug, it was accurate!" He stepped up to Jessica and held her hand gently, lowering his voice. "The only way I can prove it is if you come with me to the machine. I want you to help me start it up again and walk through it along side me, so I can show you the Dreamscape."

--------------------------------------

Jessica felt weird about sneaking into their own research facility. Andrew insisted that the agents would be automatically alerted if they were obvious with their entrance, so she just went along with his request. The woman didn't really know why she followed him. Maybe she just trusted Andrew too much, maybe it was too painful to admit he was crazy, or maybe a tiny part of her wanted him to believe his story. Whatever it was, some part of her felt *right* in listening to him. 

Walking through the dark hallway, almost reaching their lab, Andrew said:

"I'm honestly surprised they brought the machine here."

"Well, they asked me to figure out what went wrong. At first they wanted me working on it as soon as you came out, but I wouldn't leave the hospital until you woke up."

"Hmm, that makes sense but-" Andrew raised his arm to stop Jessica, whispering his next words. "*There's a guard up ahead.*"

A man holding a flashlight strolled down another corridor. The two of them pressed against the wall, allowing him to continue onward without noticing them. Resuming their infiltration, the duo remained quiet until reaching a digitally locked door. Jessica then flashed her ID card in front of the panel, opening the door with a bleep. In the center of the room stood the teleportation portal, looming over its control panels a few feet away. 

Jessica turned on the lights while Andrew booted up the machine. They then began work on some calculations and reconfigured the programming to account for only one portal activating. An hour passed before the preparations were complete when an alarm in the building went off. The machine produced an unstable veil of purple light, but they still couldn't use it; it didn't have enough energy. Andrew turned his head from the monitor and through the blaring noise shouted:

"We don't have much time! They're probably clearing the building out and flooding it with soldiers!"

"But how?" said Jessica. "If anyone saw us come in, they would've stopped us!"

"The security system probably alerted them when you logged in with your card!" Andrew resumed typing with frantic desperation. "I should've known this would happen. I'm such an idiot!"

"What do we do now?!? You think we can finish before they come?"

"Maybe... Ahh! I don't know! I'm gonna have to improvise some of the inputs. I need you to watch the door and aim your gun at it. You'll have to shoot anyone that comes in, okay?"

Jessica's jaw dropped after hearing Andrew, shaking her head sideways while saying:

"I-I don't want to kill anyone! You can't ask me this. I can't do it!"

"I don't have time to explain it fully, but you need to take a leap of faith here. I just can't prove it without showing it to you in the Dreamscape! None of this is real! Reality is just some else's dream. You, me, those men I killed, we're all just part of some entity's imagination!"

Jessica's shoulders got tensed and her legs started trembling. She then said:

"This is crazy! *I'm* real! *You're* real! *This* is real, Andrew!"

"No, it isn't! We can still become real, though. You need to come with me! It's the only way! Just guard the door and it will soon make sense!"

The rational part of Jessica's brain told her to ignore him, but an inexpiable feeling compelled her to trust his words. She couldn't believe she was actually listening to him, though that didn't stop her from pointing her gun at the door. 

A screeching noise from the computers pierced through the alarm sounds, causing Jessica to look at one of the screens. The machine's nuclear reactor was beginning to overheat and would probably explode if stressed further. The woman then shouted:

"You need to stop now! We're gonna blow up all of Manhattan if you keep working the portal like this!"

"It doesn't matter anymore!" replied Andrew, not bothering to look up from the panel. "You need to get through your head that this is just a dream. We're characters in a story! Figments of a fiction someone else is reading! I know you can't trust me, but it's the truth! You have to believe me!"

Agent Matthews ran through the lab door shouting:

"Stop! You're gonna kill us all Wilfery!" He looked at Jessica, who was pointing her gun at him. "Miss Starlight, please. You can't seriously help this man, he's insane!"

The machine's noise indicated the reactor was nearing a meltdown. Andrew continued working on the control panels. The portal then stabilized into a swirling vortex. 

"We can almost leave now" said Andrew. "Just a few more minutes, Jessica!"

"But what about the city?!?" said Jessica. "If we leave the machine like this, everyone living here will die!"

"Have you not been listening? None of this is real! Those people don't exist!"

"You have to shoot him!" said Agent Matthews. "It's the only way to stop this! Millions of lives, Miss Starlight!"

Jessica's hands shook while gripping the gun, shifting her sight from one man to another. She could not listen to Andrew anymore, not when he was gone so far off the deep end. His delusions were getting stronger and obviously clouding his judgement. He had killed men, broken into her home, and was now willing to destroy an entire city without any remorse over the loss of human life. 

Jessica aimed her gun away from Agent Matthews and towards Andrew. There was no stopping him before the reactor exploded. He was able to subdue five armed guards with no weapons at his disposal. She and Agent Matthews were no match for him. Wrestling him away from the panels wasn't a viable option and he wouldn't just quit now, not when he was this close to his goal; not while he was *this* manic. Agent Matthews was right.

A final warning came up on the screen. The reactor neared the point of no return, where there would be no hope of preventing the explosion. The woman knew there was only one way of ending this with minimal casualties.  This lab, this city, this *life* was definitely real. All her friends and family weren't imaginary; It was impossible for this to just a be story. It pained her, more than anything else had ever in her life, but it needed to be done. Tightening her cheeks and closing her eyes, Jessica pulled the trigger and killed him."***Wake up, human!***"

I burrowed my face deeper into the pillow. The demon chanted something weird and warned me one last time to get out of bed, but I did my best to ignore it. It wasn't until an hour later that my body started itching. The fucker summoned bedbugs into my bed. He wanted me to wake up early so I could study before class, which would've been fine if he hadn't also made me study all night. 

Now I had bite marks all over my body. I don't even know why I had to take this class. Sure, it was a recommended elective that I needed to graduate, but the only reason we were given this course was so the university could pretend they cared about generating well-rounded individuals. Complete bullshit.

The demon drank coffee in my kitchen, smiling. I rolled my eyes. He enjoyed this too much. I started fixing myself some breakfast when the demon said:

"Are you sure you have time for that?"

I looked at the wall clock. "I mean, I'll be a few minutes late, but-"

The demon chuckled.

I narrowed my eyes. "What are you planning?"

"Nothing, nothing. It's just that I was looking over the syllabus and noticed that attendance was twenty percent of your grade."

I heard deep, monstrous growls outside the apartment. Some creatures lurked outside. I couldn't dare look. "You wouldn't..."

"Ahh don't worry; I only ordered them to chase you. It's not like you're in mortal danger."

I swallowed. "So they won't hurt me?"

The demon laughed. "I didn't say that."

"I'm not doing this. I'll skip class if I have to."

"Fine." The demon snapped his fingers. "Now there's ten of them."

I widened my eyes.

"Get to class on time," said the demon, "and they'll go away. Otherwise... Well, I hope you're okay with living like a hermit."

I didn't have time to get dressed. As soon as I stepped outside, I was confronted by eldritch abominations far beyond description. Reality warped around their presence, with ichor oozing out of their many eyes and tendrils sprouting from their teeth. My mind froze, but I snapped out of my daze when they began to approach me. 

Apparently, running through a college town in pajamas isn't an unusual sight. Most people just shrugged at my desperation. They couldn't see the unholy creatures behind me. Thankfully, the bus stop was right around the corner. I was going to make it! Then I tripped. Something sticky clung to my leg, pulling me back. I clawed at the pavement until my fingers bled to break free. 

And, of course, the bus left moments before I could get on it. The creatures didn't care. I kept running as fast as I could but my stride began to waver.

Someone screamed in the distance. Did they see the monsters? Nope. They were horrified at my appearance. Bite marks and bleeding fingers weren't an inviting look. Campus security started chasing after me too. They thought I was a lunatic running into the university. I tried to explain that I couldn't be late, but the abominations made it impossible to slow down. One of them even swallowed a guard whole. No one around him acknowledged it. 

I made it to the humanities department. The creatures followed me into the hallway. I started crying. A diploma wasn't worth this. Unfortunately, the only thing scarier than getting eaten were my student loans. When I made it to the classroom, the professor was seconds away from starting his lecture. I sighed in relief. The creatures didn't enter. I actually payed attention throughout the entire class, if only to distract myself from what just happened. 

When the professor finished, I walked up to him and said:

"Umm... I made it right before the lecture started. Am I still late?"

The professor made an apologetic smile. "Sorry, but if you weren't here when I called your name, then you were still late."

"But... But I..."

"It's the rules."

"*Your* rules. You get to decide them!"

The professor shrugged and I heard the creatures growling outside. Fuck. My. Life.David had bought an old oil lamp in a garage sale, thinking it was a neat addition to the various oddities he displayed on his room. Atop his desk was black meteorite, an antique Chinese tea set, and now a slightly scratched arabic lamp, just like in all the genie stories he had heard in his youth. Since the scratches looked mostly superficial, David brought out a cloth and spray can from his desk, cleaning the lamp as hard as he could with them. 

A purple smoke slithered out of the lamp, causing David to drop it before taking a few steps backwards. The magical haze came out more violently the longer it went on, obscuring everything the room until only the lamp and David were visible. David's eyes widened just as his mouth gaped open when a muscular figure shaped himself from the essence. Sporting a gotee and a purple vest, the genie loomed over David and said: 

"I am the genie of the lamp, master. I can grant you four wishes, whatever your heart desires. What is thy bidding?"

"Four?" said David. "Isn't it supposed to be three?"

"Oh umm..." The genie looked around, dragged out a chair, and sat down. "Technically, yes, but there's a catch. The fourth wish isn't for you, it's for the next person that picks up the lamp. *You'll* be subjected to the fourth wish of the previous owner."

"Hmm, even though I think I'm suffering a mental delusion right now, I'll play along." David scratched his head and sat on his bed. "Ok, there's the obvious possibility that the previous owner was a dick, meaning that his fourth wish might screw me over. I'm guessing I can't just wish to know *his* fourth wish, right?"

The genie nodded and said:

"Yup, you can't do that. I mean, that would kill the fun of it, wouldn't it?"

"I thought as much... Fine, I'll work around it. For my first wish, I wish I knew who the previous owner was."

"Your wish is my command!" 

The genie snapped his fingers with an unexpectedly loud sound. Knowledge of the previous owner rushed into David's mind, giving him a clear insight into who he was. Strangely enough, David recognized him immediately. It was the former ruler of the current Human Empire. A man that two hundred years ago unified earth under one banner and led our species into a golden age. He was Alexander Wilfery. His empire collapsed because of a power vacuum when he died, and was still in conflict with three major powers striving for complete conquest.

"That explains a lot..." said David. "I always thought it was a bit strange how he managed to acomplish all that on his own. If I were him, I'd probably use my fourth wish to make sure the next owner doesn't mess up my empire once I'm gone. That makes things easy, I guess."

"Oh it does?" The genie raised his eyebrow. "You have your next wish ready, then?"

"Yup! As long as I don't threaten Earth and his empire, I'm gonna be fine. So, for my second wish, I wish I was immortal, with eternal youth, of course. I don't want to end up an undying pile of bones."

"Heh, clever. I thought I was gonna get you with that one." The genie snapped his fingers, with the same thunderous noise following his gesture. Electricity emerged from the genie's hands and struck David with its power. David then felt an inexplicable rush of strength swell up inside of him. "It is done. Now, do you have your third wish ready?"

"Yes, in fact, I do. For my third wish, I wish I was proclaimed the new emperor of the human empire. There's no way this will go against Alexander's wish. If I'm the emperor, then everything will be peaceful and unified."

The genie grinned, snapped his fingers, and said:

"It is done. Well then, this will be incredibly amusing. What's the wish you want passed on?"

"I wish that whoever gets this lamp next, can't use it on me or anything I have built."

"Perfect. Now, for Alexander's wish." The genie stood up, hovered above David, and snapped his fingers, draining a strange form of ethereal energy out of David's body. David fell to his knees, weakened by the jolt. "You completely misunderstood Alexander. He didn't achieve greatness thanks to me. In fact, he found my lamp long after he stabilized his empire. He didn't care about the duration of his empire, he was well aware that nothing lasts forever, including what he built.  He did, however, care about what a reckless owner might do to humanity." He leaned in closer and furrowed his brow. "Like a politically inexperienced kid being in charge of billions of people."

"So what did he wish for?!?" David glared at the genie. "Tell me, now!"

"He wished that if a person asked for something bigger than what they could accomplish, they would be forever cursed to strive for it." The genie smiled. "Here's the thing, right now, you have been indentified by some governments as one of the few people on Earth with a claim for Alexander's throne. I guess you could say that you're now a part of his bloodline. Now, this is just me speculating, but I'm guessing you have about half an hour before assasins of every competing faction show up to make sure you don't ruin *their* claims to the throne." The genie turned around and floated towards his lamp. "I'll be going now."

"Wait!" David raised his arm in a pleading fashion. "What about my immortality!?!"

The genie shrugged and said:

"If you manage to become emperor, I'll make you immortal again. Good luck!"Steven locked the door behind him and sat on his bed. Today was the last straw; He wasn't going to endure this suffering any longer. Whenever he tried to reach out, build a meaningful connection with another person, all he realized was just how defective he was when compared to everyone else. His parents didn't seem to care. They just treated him like normal, forcing him to carry on with the whims they expect of him because it wasn't their problem. Sure, they went out of their way to lower his work load, but they did so with an air of disinterested annoyance, like *they* were the ones who were most affected by his flaws. 

This is why Steven was glad he hid that razor blade under his mattress. If their inconvenience was more important Steven's existence, then the boy would gladly rid them of his burden. He didn't have a say in being born, but he *did* have a say in when to die. Taking a deep breath, Steven extended his left arm forward and brought the blade closer to his elbow. He finally wasn't going to suffer anymore. This was his escape. Only the living can be imperfect, right? The blade touched his skin, ripping open like a piece of flimsy paper once it pierced him. 

Down the street, not across. If he wanted this to be effective, he need to do it right. Steven then slashed downwards, flailing his arm around when it flared with pain. Blood sprayed around and stained the room, until a mysterious black liquid oozed out instead. Narrowing his eyes in confusion, Steven grabbed his arm and saw his wound. Wires, red blue, and green, protruded out from where his veins should be, mixed with a gooey substance that looked like oil. 

Breathing faster until letting out a horrified scream, the boy's vision got blurry and his balance failed. He then grabbed on to his bed's frame, but his strength failed him, dropping him to the ground with a thud. Static then replaced anything he could see, filling his mind with white noise and uncomfortable screeches. 

*Blue screen. Critical system error. Commencing shut down.*

-----------------------

*System reboot underway. Loading drivers. Retrieving memory.*

*13%*

*42%*

*68%*

*88%*

*100%*

Steven regained consciousness like a television screen turning itself on. He sat on a workbench, surrounded by nuts and bolts, plus a variety of wires scattered throughout. Everything smelled like dust and grease, though Steven found this aroma oddly comforting. A man hunched over a computer rapidly glanced between the monitor and Steven, until he noticed the boy looked at him with widened eyes.

"Perfect!" said the lab-coat wearing man, "you're finally awake!"

Steven looked downwards and saw his body. Everything was fine, except for the fact that he was missing his arm from the elbow down. They boy didn't react to this, and instead said:

"I... I failed?"

"Failed?" said the man. "What do you mean?"

"I wanted to kill myself. Why am I still here?"

"Oh... Right... I forgot your circumstances... Welp, it doesn't matter anymore! Welcome to Edward's Shelter for Discarded Automatons!" 

--------------------------------

Edward seemed like a nice man to Steven, even if he hadn't explained much after booting him up. Apparently, after a robot was deemed useless for society, they were discarded and recycled for further production. Edward never thought this was fair for them, so he stole whatever robots were being disposed and fixed them up as much as he could. Steven's elbow was damaged beyond repair during his suicide attempt, so the company decided he wasn't worth the effort repairing. 

There were many robots like Steven here, and he'd even made a couple of friends in these past few weeks. Still, he was bothered by the fact that he didn't know about his circumstances, which prompted him one day to approach Edward in his workshop and say:

"I uh... I realize you're probably withholding this to protect me, but please, I need to know. What the hell happened to me? What about my parents? What about my previous life?"

Edward's normally carefree attitude became solemn, wrinkling his forehead with a serious expression. He then raised his head from his computer and said:

"Do you really want to know, kid? Ignorance is bliss after all, take it from me." Steven nodded, allowing Edward to continue. "Fine, I guess it's only fair. Out there... there's a segment of the population who can't have kids. For some people, this a huge hole in their lives, so they ask for a robot child to raise it as their own." Edward stood up and walked to his fridge. "Now, you automatons are state of the art. Provided they give you the necessary patches and upgrades, you could grow up your entire life without even suspecting you're a robot." He got out a beer can, opening it with a whiz. "You even have fake blood, just in case you get a surface scratch! Unfortunately, some people take it for granted that they're still raising a child." He took a swig of his beer. "So they just treat you like virtual slaves responsible for their happiness, cause, you know, you're an... *'investment'* in their eyes."

Steven lowered his head, sitting on a chair next to him with tightened cheeks. Tears were forming in his eyes, but he held them back while he said:

"So... they never cared about me? They just discarded me when I came out wrong? I... I.. really *am* defective."

Edward let out a laugh and said:

"But that's the beauty of it! We're all defective! That's the problem with humans; they know they're flawed, but never work on fixing the bugs in their programming." Edward walked up to Steven, putting his hand on the boy's shoulder. "You're different. You have a huge advantage. You can detect your flaws instantly, unlike some living beings out there. If you're always running diagnostics on yourself, you'll find the problem and fix it, unlike the people who carry them forever. Your parents were the ones damaged beyond repair, not you."

Steven grinned and hugged Edward, who gaped his mouth in surprise, but instantly hugged Steven back. Steven knew he was still defective, but thanks to Edward, he now had the tools to fix himself.Thousands of people settled into the auditorium seats, whispering indistinct murmurs that faded into a tense silence. After many primaries, rallies and scandals, the highly anticipated debates for the election of God finally commenced. One by one, each of the candidates walked through the stage and stood behind their podium. First was The Creator, first elected God of the universe. A controversial figure whom many credit, and more blame, for getting us stuck in this whole thing called existence. His platform is based in one single proposition that has remained unchanged for centuries: 

"Let's just scrap the whole thing and make another Big Bang."

Since a majority of voters describe this universe as *"alright"*, this fixed position has always been the one roadblock to his success. Still, he remains a popular candidate due to the fact that, as humanity keeps progressing, the temptation to start over only grows more alluring for a certain demographic. 

After The Creator placed himself behind his podium, Yahweh, ancient God of Abraham's church, entered the stage. His stroll was confident and authoritative, fluttering his long, gray beard whenever he stared at anything, judging his environment. Though he unabashedly discriminated against homosexuals, women, and pretty much anyone who wasn't a Jew, he was still a popular figure in the running due to his *"hands-on"* approach to godhood. Insurance companies have lobbied against this candidate for a great deal of elections now, but a big portion of humans feel that they need a constantly looming threat to remind them that *"Sinning is Bad"*, Yahweh's new campaign slogan. 

The Father then walked through the stage, raising his index and middle fingers to the crowd in a gesture of peace. His big smile and floaty demeanor swayed many voters in centuries past, but recent accusations of accepting bribes from insurance companies and protecting sex offenders worldwide have damaged his reputation. Further more, his mantra of "love each other like you love yourselves" was considered revolutionary during its heyday, until people realized that a big majority of humans secretly hate themselves, causing even more hate to be propagated throughout the world. 

Lastly came this election's incumbent, Reality. This candidate was extremely popular during his first election due to his moderate position on many issues, specially with the atheists, who could just ignore his existence. While considered the favorite to win, his lead in the polls has shrunk every month during this election cycle. Apparently, humans want more from a God. His constant need to please everyone has lead him to alienate those who expect solid stance in at least one issue. Now that all the runners were present for the debate, a suit-wearing moderator stepped into the center and said:

"Hello and welcome to the much awaited event of this election, the Godhood Debates! Live from the upper dimension known by many as heaven, this discussion will be hosted by me, Siddhartha Gautama! I'd like to thank all the candidates for being here and I wish you all good luck with the election. With the introductions out of the way, let's get started with the debate!" He got out a cue card from his jacket. "Now, this one's for all of you: 'If elected God, what would be your first action in office?'"

The Creator shrugged and said:

"I think it's pretty obvious. I'll destroy this universe and start a new one." He looked around, noticing a silence in the crowd, and smiled. "Maybe with dragons this time!"

The audience cheered and applauded loudly, until Yahweh cleared his throat and said:

"You see people, *this* is why you need me. Dragons? If dragons existed, you'd all have to fear for your lives constantly. Your technology wouldn't have progressed as far! Have any of you *seen* Game of Thrones?" He shook his head. "No, you don't want that. It's horrible there! You don't even know what you want! The first thing I'll do once I get my position back is clean up all the filth of the world! Fire will rain down upon all of your pagan cities unlike any event before. Sodom and Gomorrah will look like a pleasant afternoon compared to what I have in store for New York."

The audience cheered even louder than before, filling the room with chants of *"Sinning is Bad"* for a whole minute. The Father then said:

"I can't believe it's gotten this far. My children, do you honestly believe cataclysms and misery to be the right course of action? All this destruction and pain will only make things worse for everyone."

"Children?" said The Creator. "I don't recall you ever creating them!"

"Well," said The Father, "I didn't create them, but I sure as hell raised them! You're like the absentee parent that wants to come back into his children's life after they grew up without you!"

Yahweh grinned and said:

"And *you're* like the overcompensating stepfather who desperately want his stepchildren's approval! You've always lacked character, son, and that's why your term deteriorated so badly."

"Son?" said Reality. "Candidate Yahweh, could you please elaborate on that?"

"No, no!" quickly said The Father. "He's speaking nonsense!"

"It's about time the world knew, son." Yahweh walked up to The Father and tore off his opponent's latex mask. "He isn't The Father, he's my own son, Jesus Christ! Back when I sent him down to Earth, he just went off on his own instead following my orders! Funny how his own church praises 'Jesus' more than 'The Father', huh? It was all a scam to blow the heat off of him!"

Jesus hung his head and covered his face, running away from the stage in shame. Siddhartha Gautama then said:

"What a shocking turn of events everyone! Still, while Jesus dries his tears and returns to his podium, we have to continue the debate. Reality, would you please answer the question?"

"Of course," said Reality, "I will do absolutely nothing. Everything will keep running the same as it did before, and I have no plans to change my policy anytime soon. Extraordinary things will occur from time to time, but they will never be norm, or disappear."

"Thank you, Reality." Siddhartha Gautama turned towards a camera. "We have to take a break now, but don't change the channel! The debate will continue after these sponsored messages!"Many ancient scholars speculated that *if* the universe is a computer program, life should never, under any circumstances, know about this fact, for *if* it ever figured it out, modern civilization would instantly crumble. Of course, those scholars never went a step ahead to see the ultimate truth; That *if* the universe is a computer program, the only reasonable explanation for its existence would be that it is a videogame. This is why, when Alexander Wilfery conquered the world as the first emperor of a unified humanity, the first thing he did was turn off the PvP. No more murder, no more wars, and no more boxing matches, because honestly, those *'matches'* were only rigged events organized for the singular purpose of betting.

Alexander Wilfery was a polarizing figure on Earth... to say the least. Some would argue that he was a tyrant, imposing his will unto humanity without the right to do so. Others would argue that being the only human with access to the source code technically granted him the right to do as he pleased. A third, small, but vocal group of people would say:

"Yes, okay, he can do whatever he wants, but why'd he have to take our boxing?"

His actions definitely influenced history for centuries to come, shifting the economy from one of service labor to a flourishing utopia of science and arts. One profession in particular, assassination, thrived in this new world due to its rare and difficult nature. Turning off the PvP didn't make humans immortal, only harder to kill. Now, instead of letting the thrilling anticipation of murder overtake them, assassins had to be trained from birth to repress their intent. Fortunately for the old families that already practiced the art of killing, this came extremely easy, since they already implemented this in their training. Unfortunately for Alexander Wilfery, the nurse administering his flu-shot was one of said assassins.

Sitting atop the doctor's table, Alexander slouched and pouted. He wasn't afraid of shots, he just wasn't a fan of them. His hands weren't shaking out of nervousness, they were just shaking out of exasperation... or boredom. When the nurse flicked the needle with her finger, he didn't gulp because the purple liquid seemed menacing, he gulped because his throat was dry. 

"Lord Emperor..." said the nurse, "you seem on edge right now. Is something bothering you?"

"N-no, I'm just stressed from all the things I have to do this afternoon." He extended his arm. "Please, lets get on with this."

"As you wish, my lord."

The nurse grabbed Alexander's wrist and placed the needle on his skin, right before Alexander squealed and pulled his arm away. The woman's eyes widened with fear, backing away from the Emperor a few steps. She then said:

"Did I do something wrong?!? How did you kno-"

"No, no!" Alexander waved his hands in denial. "Forgive me, nurse, it was instinct. You didn't say you were inserting the needle, so it startled me."

The nurse fixed her shirt and said:

"Okay, Lord Emperor. This time, I'll warn you right before I do it."

Alexander nodded and the nurse grabbed his arm again. She then moved the needle slowly towards his vein, warning him once it was near, only to have Alexander push her away. The nurse's mouth gaped open, staring at the needle in her hand and back at a sheepish Alexander Wilfery. 

"Listen," said Alexander, "you're gonna have to stab me with it, okay?"

"Oka- wait, what?"

"You'll have to force the shot unto me. My rational mind knows it can't harm me, but my body just won't let it enter. I'm sorry, I know this is strange, but can you oblige this strange request?"

The nurse grinned and dashed at Alexander, who dodged her by rolling away. She then leaped at him, doing a stabbing motion with the syringe five times, though Alexander evaded all of them fluidly. The nurse, breathing heavily, finally wrestled Alexander to the ground and, laughing maniacally, manged to connect with the needle. Afterwards, her laughter faded into a worried sigh. The needle was bent. It didn't pierce Alexander's skin. The Emperor quickly called for his guards, who flooded the room before the assassin could get away. Restraining her from behind, they inspected her and found a golden necklace of two fighting gloves.

"The Boxing Federation..." said Alexander. "So they finally made their move, huh?"

From this point on, assassination attempts on Alexander's life would become a rare occurrence. Everyone thought he was an omnipotent being, capable of sensing even the slightest of intents. His rule would go on for centuries, and his empire would last for thousands of years more. Of course, no one would dare to think that all of this fame only came to him because of his crippling fear of needles.Jonathan Wilfery took a deep breath while tightening his fist. The Joker had entered the courtroom with an uncharacteristic scowl. After months of fighting state law, having his family threatened by thugs, and distrusting everyone in his office, it was finally time for the trial. Jonathan thought he was ready for this battle, he'd been through so much getting to this point, but when he saw that bleached skin, those putrid yellow teeth, and the rotting green hair, the stoic prosecutor hesitated for the first time about this whole process. 

*"He's a monster..."* thought Jonathan. *"I'd seen the pictures but his presence...  it's terrifying."*

Jonathan's strategy was simple. If he wanted to get the death penalty for him, all he needed to do was remind the jury of all the evil he has caused throughout the years. Communities slaughtered, children orphaned, and the constant threat of not knowing when he would strike next had only plunged Gotham more into madness. *His* madness. This creature, this *thing*, deserved no sympathy. That's a right that should only be reserved for humans. 

A few hours later, Jonathan finished presenting his case. Everything went smoothly, considering the Joker hadn't uttered a word yet. He didn't even use an attorney! All he did was stare blankly at whatever was in front of him, not even bothering to cross examine any of Jonathan's witnesses. The fact that one of the jurors teared up after hearing a tragic story only served to increase Jonathan's confidence. Still, he couldn't help but feel like something was wrong here. Why wasn't the Joker doing anything? Did he just resign himself to his fate?

"The prosecution has presented its case" said the judge. "The defense now has the floor."

An eerie smile crept up on the Joker's face, parting his crusty lips open to show his teeth. He then stood up, widened his arms open, and said:

"Ladies and gentlemen! Boys and girls! Welcome to the most anticipated event of this trial...! My defense." He bowed gracefully. "Really, I'm sorry you had to be bored by *this* stick in the mud," he pointed at Jonathan, "but rest assured the good part has finally arrived." 

The joker walked around his desk and faced the jury.

"Now, I'm sure you're all thinking 'Joker, you handsome devil, you, do you honestly think you deserve to live after all the chaos you've brought? Are you mad?'" The joker smiled. "And the answer to the latter is yes, I *am* mad. But to answer to the previous question, I'll have to call to the stand the best character witness a mastermind like me could have. The one person on planet Earth that could possibly understand my point of view. I call to the stand, Batman!" 

Murmurs of the crowd consumed the courtroom's silence, forcing the judge to slam his gavel and say:

"Order! Order in the court!"

Jonathan quickly stood up and said:

"Your honor, this is absurd! There's no possible way Batman will-"

The lights in the courtroom suddenly went out, leaving the audience gasping from shock. After a few seconds of panic, they turned back on and revealed a caped figure sitting on the stand. Jonathan's mouth gaped open, surprised that the Dark Knight himself had appeared. The joker approached the stand and said:

"Good of you to join us, Bats! Now if you would be so kind to tell these nice jurors not to kill me, I'd really appreciate it."

"No" grunted Batman. "If the legal system finds you deserving of capital punishment, it's not my place to say otherwise."

"Really?" said the Joker, slightly amused. "*Now* you respect the law?"

"I've always respected the law. I only operate to enforce it when others can't."

The Joker rolled his eyes and said:

"Well, it was worth a shot... Still, now that I have you here, would you mind if I asked you more questions?"

Batman scowled and said:

"I suppose..."

"Good! First off, in your opinion, how would you describe me?" 

"A nihilistic lunatic that's completely in love with himself."

The joker placed his hand on his heart and leaned back slightly, saying:

"Ouch, how hurtful of you... and accurate!" 

The Joker looked at the jury for a moment and said:

"Now, if I were, to say, have my brains fried out on the electric chair, would that bring back all those I've murdered?"

"No..." said Batman.

"Yes, yes, I think so too. Now, again, in *your* opinion, would those people have died, regardless of my actions?"

"Eventually, yes, but-"

"Good, then we agree on that, too! So if killing me won't bring back the dead and they were going to die anyway, what purpose would executing me serve?"

"It would stop you from doing it again. It would prevent further suffering to the people of Gotham."

"Aww, I actually disagree there." The joker shook his head sideways, clicking his tongue. "And to think were actually agreeing until now. Do you believe that suffering will no longer exist if I'm gone?"

Batman hesitated for a second, but said:

"No..."

"Ahh we're on the same page again! Now, for the most important question of all. If it's such a good idea to have me dead, why haven't you killed me yet? You've certainly had the chance before."

Everyone in the courtroom felt an unsettling stillness after hearing the Joker. Batman looked downwards and said:

"Because no one deserves to be killed."

The Joker let out a horrifying cackle and said:

"And why do you believe such a silly thing? Is it because you believe everyone can be saved? Even me?"

"Yes, everyone can be saved... Even you. You're insane and you've caused a lot of pain to everyone in Gotham, but you're still a human being. You have a right to live, regardless of what I think."

The Joker jumped around and faced the jury with a flourish. He then smiled and said:

"There you have it, folks! Straight from the horse's mouth! Even Batman, my arch nemesis, thinks that I should be allowed to live. You all think you're safe in you petty society. You... *civilized people* believe you're better that me and Bats over here, when really, you're all just one bad day away from becoming like he and I. I guarantee that if you were to step into my shoes for a moment, if you saw how big of a joke everything is, you wouldn't even hesitate to do the things I've done. If you choose to sentence me to death, to deprive me of my *right* to live, you all think you'll be able to sleep well at night, when really, you're all just as mad as me. You just do it in a way that's socially acceptable. Isn't that just crazy? Killing me would only make me right, and others will take my place. If I can't be saved, then no one can! So yes, go ahead, kill me! *Prove my point*." 

The Joker looked at the judge and said:

"I rest my case."Colonel Anderson knelt down in front of a broken pole and wiped away some orange dust off the ground, revealing a tattered piece of crimson cloth stuck under a rock. Dragging it out of its resting place, the Colonel tore it in half, showing the two men behind him a symbol of a gold hammer and sickle beneath a gold-bordered red star. 

"It can't be..." said Lieutenant Colonel Haynes. "Colonel, that's a soviet flag. A union of communist nations that dissolved nearly two hundred years ago."

Colonel Anderson sighed and tried to stroke his gray beard, but remembered he was wearing a spacesuit. He then shook his head saying:

"I don't like this, Haynes. We're supposed to be the first humans here. What's a relic like this doing on Mars?"

"Aliens?" said Lieutenant Colonel Wilfery. "Did they get killed off by aliens?!?"

Haynes rolled his eyes and said:

"There's no such thing as aliens, you dunce. Well, at least not on Mars. They probably had an accident and couldn't return back home."

"Maybe they were unable to contact Earth" said Colonel Anderson. "These... 'soviets' assumed the mission was a failure and never reported on it out of shame, or something like that. Regardless, that distress beacon is still pinging. We need to find its source before we do anything else." He scoffed with a sly grin. "Maybe one of them is still alive."

-------------------------------------

The three astronauts hiked a tall mountain they encountered on their way to the beacon. Gusts of wind suddenly caressed the men, causing them to be buffeted by specks of red sand. Ignoring the harsh exterior conditions inside the comfort of his spacesuit, Lieutenant Colonel Wilfery said:

"So why are you so sure there aren't any aliens here?"

"Because of the rover Curiosity!" replied Haynes, through a bit of static interference in their radio. "About a hundred and fifty years ago it explored the martian surface and didn't find anything."

"A stoner's curiosity?" said Wilfery. "What's weed got to do with this? Did they really send an undergraduate student ahead of us?"

The gales rapidly increased in strength and ferocity the closer they got to the peak. Enveloping them in what seemed like crimson mist, the dust clouds grew denser, to the point of almost being tangible, and obscured anything five meters ahead of them. Slamming his palm into his helmet, Haynes then said:

"Rover! R-O-V-E-R. It was a reconnaissance robot sent to study Mars' geology. It didn't find any life after decades of searching, so yeah, I'm pretty confident there aren't any aliens here!"

"Would you two just shut up and focus on the situation at hand?!?" shouted Colonel Anderson, barely visible in front of them. "We're in the middle of a sandstorm here! One wrong step and we break our necks on this mountain!"

Just as he finished speaking, Colonel Anderson grabbed a loose rock and fell backwards. He screamed for his life while airborne, his horror subsiding once his men caught him by the arm. Wilfery grinned and said:

"Teaching by example, I see! A testament to your great leadership skills, colonel!"

Colonel Anderson narrowed his eyes and grunted at Wilfery, looking downwards in shame once his subordinates weren't looking. 

 -----------------------------------------------------

Once they got to the peak, the sandstorm had already subsided, making the descent a lot easier than the climb. The distress signal was beeping stronger the more they walked through the empty plains, giving Wilfery an uneasy feeling in the pit of his stomach. Marching behind the others didn't help his uneasiness. His back was exposed to whatever could be behind them and everything was too quiet, too still for his liking. The flat landscape they traversed looked more like a desert drenched in dried blood than an alien planet. Even the ground beneath his feet felt *wrong*. It was probably the difference in gravity to Earth's, but he still couldn't ignore the thought that everything reacted differently here. 

Looking over his shoulder, Wilfery widened his eyes with fear. The soil turned pitch black and flowed in bumps towards them, rising and falling like streaks of ink in a hostile sea of red dust. Wilfery immediately ran to his companions screaming:

"The soil guys! The ground's out to get us!"

Haynes turned around with tense shoulders, but quickly relaxed his body. He then shook his head, sighed, and said:

"No it isn't. The ground isn't sentient Wilfery, it's just subterranean water rising from the ground."

"Subterranean water?"

"Yeah," replied Haynes. "they're called 'Recurring Slope Lineae'. It's summer here, and highly saline water tends to flow this way during this time of the year."

Colonel Anderson laughed loudly and walked up to the darkened sand. He then touched its damp texture and said:

"I can't believe you're a Lieutenant, Wilfery. Really? Wet sand? What's next? An abandoned soviet station filled with zombi-"

The sand sprung from the ground and pierced Anderson's suit through his arm. He quickly jumped away from it, but it was already too late. The dust flowed into his spacesuit, injecting itself until his suit stretched slightly and froze him there with its added weight. Anderson's ear piercing screams became muffled by the sand, which choked the life out of him by forcing itself down his throat. 

Wilfery and Haynes gaped in terror, seeing Anderson's eyes pop out, followed by a viscous fluid that fell from his sockets like crude oil. They turned around, trying to run away, but their knees weakened and tripped them over. The sand inched its way to their helmets, twisting itself around their calves and anchoring them to the ground. Clawing at the floor with their hands, they dragged themselves away from the black tendrils for a few feet, before being forcefully drawn into the darkness again.

The two men then faced each other and nodded, silently resigning themselves to their end. Once the black sand reached their necks, it covered them like a blanket and stopped crushing them with its pressure. Footsteps suddenly crunched nearby, coming from Anderson's body who stood in front of them. In a coarse and headache inducing voice his body said:

"Get out of our planet, humans. It belongs to *us*!"

"W-we come in peace" said Wilfery. "Yes, its *your* planet. We have no intention from taking it from you."

"Really?!?" shouted the voice. "That's exactly what the others said, but once we tapped into their memories, we saw they had other plans instead." The limp body raised its arms. "Colonization! On *our* planet. They thought they claimed it by sticking a pole in the ground!"

"They didn't know you lived here!" said Haynes. "*We* didn't know you lived here! Please, surely seeing humans must've been surprising to you too!"

"Yes..." The voice trailed off, pausing for a few seconds. "We didn't know much of you lifeforms when they first came, so we possessed all of them, thinking you were a hive-mind like us. We knew more of you would come, so we used their trinkets to call you to our location. This time, we're leaving some of you alive to send a message. Never come back to Mars again. Stay off our planet and don't you *dare* claim it as yours.""It's very unsettling, Joshua. I know it's just a phase, I mean you know how teenagers are, right? One minute they're listening to some obnoxious music, the next they're off wearing strange clothes, but this?" Robert held up a leather Bible. "This is just unacceptable. I won't stand for this, not in my home."

Joshua slunk back into his leather chair, causing it to squeak slightly. He couldn't turn his old friend down, not after he entered his office in such a distressed state. Shaking his head sideways, he stroked his gray beard and said:

"And what do you want me to do about it, Bob? I'm a neuroscientist, not a psychologist. You can't expect me to stroll into her room and magically change her mind. It doesn't work that way. Specially with someone her age."

Robert set down the Bible on Joshua's mahogany desk. He then rubbed his forehead with both hands, stretched his face downwards, and sighed. 

"I... I just don't know who else to turn to. You're the smartest man I know, plus you've studied all of this nonsense before, maybe you can knock some sense into her or something. Sagan knows Rebecca will never listen to me." He grinned weakly. "Come on Josh, she respects you. I just want her to see how silly those fairy tales are."

Joshua leaned forward and ran his fingers through his thinning hair. 

"Fine, I'll talk to her this evening. I have to give a seminar later and your house is along the way. Once I leave, I'll stop by, but you have to understand Bob, I can't guarantee anything. It probably won't work."

Robert straightened up with a smile, saying:

"No, no, I'm not asking for a miracle, that would be plain hypocritical on my part. I just want to know I did everything I could with her. Thanks Joshua, I really appreciate it."

------------------------------------

Rebecca sat on her bed, head sunken with her arms crossed. Her tears had dried on her face, but her cheeks were still slightly reddened. She couldn't believe her father reacted that violently, not to this extent. He had never screamed at her with such ferocity, such anger and disappointment in her beliefs. He took her bible away, so she couldn't look to its wisdom for comfort like she always did when frustrated. Fortunately, her parents weren't very familiar with Christianity so they didn't know that the red beads on her wrist were actually a rosary. To them, it was just a trendy accessory, but for her, it was the only connection she had to God at the moment. 

Hearing a knock on her door, she raised her head and said:

"Leave me alone! I get it, I'm a horrible child! Don't make me feel worse, I'm begging here."

"I'm not here to scold you," said Joshua, "I just want to talk. Can I come in?"

"Uncle Josh? Did they really get you to come here? I... I can't believe it. They can't even face me themselves!"

Joshua hesitated, but said:

"Rebecca, please, just open the door. I get that you feel misunderstood, but isolating yourself wont do you any favors. Right now, I'm just someone that can be on your side. If you shut me out, you'll be turning away the only adult willing to defend you."

Rebecca breathed in deeply, walked over to the door, and slowly opened it halfway. Poking her head out shyly, she then said:

"So you don't think I'm an idiot? I mean, Dad said-"

"No, you're not an idiot." Joshua hunched over and lowered his voice. "But if you don't want your parents to listen in, we should probably speak inside your room."

Rebecca nodded and allowed Joshua to enter. The blankets on her bed were ruffled up, so she quickly bundled them up and threw them in a corner, along with her tear soaked pillow. They sat on the cleared mattress, shifting their weight before settling themselves in. Joshua cleared his throat before he said:

"So... Christianity, huh?

"What's that supposed to mean?" Rebecca narrowed her eyes. "I thought you said I wasn't an idiot!"

"Whoa there!" said Joshua, waving his hands. "No need to get so defensive. It's just a rather odd choice, you know, considering..."

"Considering...?"

"Well, how restrictive it is. I mean, its a decent enough belief system; it wouldn't have been so popular if it weren't. Kindness and compassion for your fellow humans is a great thing to profess, and the idea of some guy getting crucified just for telling people to chill out and treat each other nicely is very amusing to me. Still, the fact that Yahweh *must* be worshiped as the one and only god, along with Jesus being the only savior, seems very inflexible on its part. Something about it must've been alluring to you. Can you tell me what it is?"

Rebecca lowered her gaze and said:

"I guess it just makes sense to me. I... I honestly can't imagine our universe existing without God."

"Oh really?" Joshua smiled. "Care to elaborate?"

"Well, physicists say that some Big Bang occurred and then life just sort of happened. How does *that* make sense? Is it really that much of a stretch to believe some higher power had something to do with it? How does saying *'we're just floating around on a rock in space for no particular purpose whatsoever'* seem more reasonable than the idea of God?"

"Not gonna lie, that's a good point." Joshua chuckled. "I actually thought the same thing a long time ago. Yes, the universe is an absurd concept when you really think about it. It's like, what the hell is all of this, right? It doesn't make any sense. Still, it is what it is, and any meaning you prescribe to it, even god, originates from human thought."

"So you're telling me there's no point to living? Why should I believe in that over a Father in heaven?"

"No, that's not what I meant. Nihilism is a bit of a trap one can fall into because of this, but the lack on an intrinsic meaning to the universe doesn't mean that it doesn't have a point. What I'm trying to say is that humans themselves are responsible for attributing meaning to life, so we need to choose it on our own if we're ever to be happy. Though it's fallen by the wayside presently, theism is legitimate way to do this and just as respectable as any other form of belief."

"But...?" said Rebecca, leaning in expectantly.

"What?" Joshua widened his eyes quizzically. "There *is* no 'but'. You need to find your own answers, and if Christianity works for you, telling you to think otherwise would be against everything I stand for. Any attempt to understand the universe is bound to be flawed somehow, be it theistic or atheistic. What worries me is the possibility that you're just looking for a convenient explanation to feel good about your life."

"W-what do you mean by that?"

"Nothing, its just that your god is supposed to be an omnipotent being beyond our comprehension, and humans tend to personify that which isn't really human, so its a bit strange to attribute it characteristics only humans should have. Anger, sadness-"

"Unconditional love..." 

Joshua raised his eyebrow and said:

"Yes, love too. I wasn't gonna mention it, but that's also one. I'm guessing you like that about Christianity then?"

"Yes!" Rebecca quickly perked up. "God loves all of his children, regardless of their flaws. No matter how badly they screw up, Jesus said that He'll always forgive them. Am I stupid for wanting that?" Her eyes got watery. "If my parents don't accept me for who I am, at least God loves me regardless of how weird I am. I'm like this because He wanted me to be; I'm special and unique in the way that He intended to make me."

Joshua sighed and hugged Rebecca. Resting her head on his chest, her tears poured out from her eyes and wet his shirt. Cradling her back and forth, Joshua said:

"Listen, I know you feel like the world is out to get you. Your parents... well, they're trying their best, but open-mindedness doesn't come easy to people our age. It might not feel like it, but they *do* really love you regardless of who you are. They wouldn't be this worried about you if they didn't. You can believe whatever you want to believe, and I'll help them understand your point of view as much as I can. Just please, don't be so hard on yourself. All this self-judgement will only bring you more pain."

Rebecca pulled away from Joshua and smiled. She then nodded and wiped away the last of her tears, thanking Joshua for helping her feel better.Humanity had long forgotten its cradle when they asked me to die, but I still remembered Earth as vividly as an infant does his mother's caress. I'd traveled to many planets and colonies throughout my lifetime, many beautiful and exotic in their own unique way, but none of them ever seemed to satisfy my longing for that beautiful sapphire of grass and dirt. 

Its fiery explosion is still burned in my memories, the screams of anguish as we fled on our ships still drowning out many thoughts I have. Maybe that's why my generation frowned on living forever. Maybe that's why they looked to death as a wonderful sleep. They couldn't run away from the memories, the image of Earth shattering like a broken plate and swallowing along with it the snow-white moon. 

I don't really blame them... sometimes I can barely handle the thoughts myself. Still, I have keep going. No matter what this society says. No matter what the voices say. If no one remembers Earth, then its my burden... No, my duty to keep it alive, at least in my head.

I lost track of how many years I've lived. Maybe three thousand, or perhaps ten, time loses its significance when you reach my age... Whatever it is. Not enough, I'd argue, but the Federation would say otherwise. They first approached me a century ago, on a little planet I'd settled in because of its likeness to Earth. It didn't feel the same, though. The wind didn't blow the right way, the sun didn't reflect the same on the watery horizons, heck, even the blades of grass felt different when crushed under my wrinkled feet. 

Regardless of its shortcomings it still brought me peace to live there, until some men from the Galactic Federation visited me on a hot, summer afternoon. Enjoying a crossword puzzle on my wooden balcony, I heard a knock on my front door. Frankly, I was a little bit surprised since my children had long chosen death and what little family identifies with my bloodline barely gives any thought to my existence. That still didn't buffer my disappointment when I saw it was some young men asking to come inside.

"You've lived too long" they said. "Think of the precedent you're setting here."

"Precedent?" I replied. "What precedent? I'm not bothering anyone! All I do is live out my days here in solitude and write!"

"Unfortunately, you've become a figurehead for some rebellious elements. They say that no one should die, and that your life is an example of how wonderful living is."

"What? That's preposterous! Sure, some people follow my writings but I could barely say they listen to me. All I do is retell stories from when humanity was young! What harm could come from that?!?"

"The collapse of our society, you old relic! The Federation can barely handle our current population. Could you imagine what would happen if no one died? Sure aging isn't a thing anymore, but we still need food! We still need supplies! Legally, we can't force you to die, but if you make an enemy of the Federation, we won't stop pushing you until you wish you were dead."

They certainly kept that promise. My new home, the piece of Eden I'd carved out for myself, was desecrated until I could no longer bear it. Its luscious green forests brunt to ashes, its wildlife poisoned to extinction, and even its beautiful blue atmosphere was twisted into a sickening green tint. I couldn't live there anymore... I couldn't lose another Earth. And so I fled. Colony to colony, star system to star system, I've escaped the Federation's clutches for a century now. 

They think they can wear me out. They think I'll eventually give in, but they couldn't be more mistaken about my resolve. Now that they've hunted me, taken extreme lengths to torture my continued existence, they've made an enemy out of me. Now, I'm bringing the fight to *them*. I'll keep spreading my message, my memory of Earth and how wonderful humanity can be. 

Some might argue we're not built for this, that humans shouldn't live forever, but I will prove them wrong. I'll live 'till the stars fade out and electrons get tired of jumping around. I'll be the person to stare entropy in the face and shout:

"To deny life is to deny humanity and the existence of beauty in the universe. We were alive, and the experiences we created are eternal, no matter what you have to say."Hidetoshi walked out of the makeshift surgery room only to be confronted by two yakuza thugs. They were worried about their boss' health. Hidetoshi swallowed down his nervousness and assured them it was a successful surgery before walking away. 

The thugs stopped him from leaving. They wanted him to stay until the boss woke up. Hidetoshi grew more anxious by the second. He couldn't argue further without raising suspicion. It was only a matter of time before they discovered the boss was dead. He needed to leave. His friend already waited for him at the docks. Unfortunately, the thugs were stubborn. One of them moved Hidetoshi into a room with a table full of money, drugs, and guns while the other one checked on the boss.

Hidetoshi closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. He disconnected the heart monitor to hide the boss' condition, but that still didn't change the fact that he wasn't breathing anymore. If the underling looked closely enough, he would easily discover the facade. 

Minutes of tense silence passed until a scream echoed out of the surgery room. 

The thug glared at Hidetoshi, told him to stay put, and walked towards the door. 

Hidetoshi grabbed a gun and shot him in the back. The man fell forward, dead. Part of his body landed on the hallway, alerting his other comrade immediately. The thug rushed into the room only to get shot in between the eyes. Hidetoshi smirked. A steady hand was for more than just surgery. 

The entire building was alerted to the gunfire. Hidetoshi sneaked out the room and hid in a closet until he heard a squad of goons run past him. Hidetoshi froze in panic. This was his best chance to leave, but there wasn't any guarantee that they wouldn't see him. Staying there was the easiest way of getting caught, though. Hidetoshi slapped himself. This cowardice was unacceptable. A steady hand comes from a steady mind. He had no right to doubt himself after murdering three men.

Hidetoshi opened the door, slowly poking his head out to scan his surroundings. The hallway was empty for now. Hidetoshi ran out of the building without looking back.

Bullets flew past him. The yakuza started firing at him in the middle of the street. They were really angry, shouting curses at the top of their lungs. Pedestrians screamed and ran for cover while traffic accumulated because of people fleeing their cars. Hidetoshi jumped into one of the abandoned vehicles, driving off with screeching tires. 

The yakuza trailed behind him with a car of their own. Thugs leaned out of the window and started shooting at him. Hidetoshi swerved his vehicle to dodge them, but the hail of bullets was too big to avoid. The back window shattered and a tire exploded. Hidetoshi remained focused on his objective. He couldn't give up now. The docks were nearby. All he had to do was steady his vehicle for a little while longer, just like he had been doing for everything else in his life. 

After a sharp turn, the vehicle tilted on its side and skidded on the road until coming to a slow halt. Hidetoshi didn't bother to react. He just crawled out of a window, running into a busy alley of fish vendors. The yakuza thugs chased him on foot. Hidetoshi could hear them through the crowd. They weren't aware of his location. 

Hidetoshi maintained a low profile as he navigated the crowd. He could already see the docks on the other end of the alley. 

And then a fish vendor recognized him and screamed, ratting him out. Hidetoshi clenched his fist, wanting to beat him up, but suppressed his rage. He couldn't blame him for this. The vendor was probably deep in debt and couldn't afford to anger the yakuza. The thugs pushed through the crowd. They still didn't have line of sight. Hidetoshi sprinted away with no regard for staying hidden. He exited the alley and finally spotted his friend's fishing boat. 

The sailor was already preparing to leave. Hidetoshi jumped into the boat and hid inside a crate. His friend closed it, started raising the anchor, and fell dead. A yakuza shot him.

The thugs quickly boarded the ship. They rummaged through everything until they found the hiding spot. Hidetoshi didn't flinch when discovered. He just glared at the looming thugs with unwavering resolve. They could take his life, but not his honor.

A portal opened up next to the thugs, causing them to squint in confusion. A cutlass then decapitated them with a single swipe. Hidetoshi gaped his mouth in astonishment. The owner of the cutlass stepped out of the portal, closing it. It was a disheveled man with pirate clothes. He bellowed a deep laugh and, in fluent Japanese, said:

"Hidetoshi-san! Are you alright?"

Hidetoshi widened his eyes, still shocked. 

"Don't worry; I'm a friend. Are you hurt?"

Hidetoshi shook his head to say no. "Who are you?"

"Arthur Wilfery, inter-dimensional pirate! Whenever the author thinks a writing prompt is stupid, I swoop in and steal the climax!"

Hidetoshi blinked a few times. What the hell was going on? "Author?"

"Yes, author. We are currently in a fictional story about one of the most regurgitated, low-effort quotes from the hit television series 'The Office'. The author felt annoyed at the fact that this post hit the frontpage of Reddit and, instead of answering a more original prompt or taking this story seriously, decided to do a silly bit instead."

"But... why...?"

Arthur shrugged. "I dunno. For some reason, he thinks his opinion matters or something."

Hidetoshi got out of the crate, eyeing the pirate with suspicion. "This author is kind of a jerk, isn't he?"

"Oh yeah, he's the worst. Still, I get to jump around from story to story fighting a bunch of cool shit, so I'm not complaining." Arthur raised his cutlass, opening a portal again. "Join me Hidetoshi-san! We can travel around the dreamscape for the rest of eternity!"

Hidetoshi sighed, shaking his head to say no. 

Arthur pouted, disappointed. "Why not?"

"A steady mind comes from a steady heart. I made my choices in spite of what I had to sacrifice. To abandon this world, even if it's fictional, would render my decisions meaningless. I must see this story through, no matter where it takes me. I can't begin to waver now."

Arthur sighed. "You're an honorable man, Hidetoshi-san."

Hidetoshi nodded graciously. "Thank you for understanding."

Arthur chuckled. "No problem." He stepped halfway through the portal, but stopped. "And Hide-san... before I forget..."

"Hai?"

"Don't invest in energy drinks."

Hidetoshi wrinkled his face, confused. The pirate closed the portal before he could question him further. The journey to America was incredibly weird and it hadn't even started yet.Aiden stopped in the empty hallway when the sirens blared. It could only mean one thing: lockdown. Fear paralyzed him in the first few seconds, remembering some of the horror stories the senior guards told, but distant screams shook him out of his daze. No time to waste. Protocol dictated that he needed to round up as many personnel as possible and reach the nearest emergency safe room. If even one inmate got loose, everyone could be in great peril. His current uniform provided basic protection from some powers, but it wouldn't save him from any heavy-hitter on this floor. 

Nothing happened for a while. Aiden used his radio but couldn't get a response from any other guard. Only dead static came out of the device. For all he knew, the entire place could be taken over by now. It didn't matter, though. Aiden was going to investigate the screaming either way. He couldn't leave someone behind.

Fortunately, none of the cells were open. Most of the inmates in this section were already locked away. Whoever caused the screams must've been undergoing therapy then. That meant they should be near the doctor's offices. By the time Aiden made it there, mummified corpses were scattered on the floor. Nurses, therapists, and even some guards. All were shriveled up, drained of their blood despite their gaping wounds. Aiden pulled out his tranquilizer gun. He didn't know what caused it, but it couldn't be good.

A soft whimper echoed out of a therapy room. 

"Shut up, bitch!" shouted a man.

Aiden swallowed down his doubts, approaching the commotion with careful steps. 

"I don't need you! I don't need anyone!" He chuckled. "I just need blood."

Aiden sneaked into the room, but the lady on the floor betrayed his presence by flickering her eyes at him. 

The inmate turned around, widening his eyes with glee. "You..." He pointed at Aiden and a whip of blood flew out of his hand. It struck him in the abdomen, tearing a hole in his protective vest. "I was hoping I'd find you!"

Aiden fell prone. By the time he stood up, the inmate had already molded the blood around him into dozens of arrows that hovered above him. They flew through the air almost instantly, tracking his movements like guided missiles. Aiden could only dodge. His training taught him that this type of esper couldn't continue the assault without replenishing his resource through absorption. Unfortunately, there were still plenty of bodies to draw from in this room. Attrition wasn't a viable strategy in this situation.

The arrows ran out of energy. Aiden jumped over a table to get a clear shot, but the inmate stuck his hand into a corpse and summoned a veil of blood around him to deflect the tranquilizer. He then pooled it all into a sphere, flattened it into a spinning saw, and hurled it forward. Aiden took the opportunity to shoot again, missing. The saw blade cut into his right shoulder until it reached bone. It didn't dig too deep before dissipating, though. 

Aiden stumbled up to his feet again. He couldn't aim properly anymore. The lady, a therapist, brandished a tranquilizer gun and gestured wildly at one of the fresh bodies. Aiden furrowed his brow, confused. The inmate grabbed another a corpse to restore himself. The following barrage was impossible to avoid. It sent the guard flying across the room. Aiden knew he wouldn't survive much longer. He glanced at the terrified therapist, who repeated the same gesture with her gun. Aiden widened his eyes, finally understanding her. 

The inmate approached another body. Aiden unloaded all of his remaining ammo when he saw the opening. The inmate summoned a veil again and began the absorption process. In his hurry, he didn't notice that the corpse had been already been riddled with tranquilizers by the therapist. The sedative took effect almost immediately. He couldn't even react before falling face-forward. 

Aiden breathed a sigh of relief. His wounds throbbed with burning pain, but they were a reminder that he was still alive. 

The therapist walked up to him. "Can you walk?"

Aiden winced. "Y-yeah."

The therapist helped him up. "What about him?"

Aiden looked at the inmate. "He should be out for a few hours. Security in the upper floors will eventually get here and take care of him."

"Oh do we go get them?"

"No, we need to wait it out in the safe room." Aiden narrowed his eyes. "It's impossible to leave a floor on lockdown. Shouldn't you know this?"

The therapist made an apologetic smile. "S-sorry, this is my first week."

Aiden chortled. "Hell of a time to start." 

They limped through the hallways in silence. Aiden guided them to the safe room, inputted the passcode, and sealed the door behind them. It was empty. No other staff had made it here. Aiden ignored grim thoughts. It was beyond his control now. Whatever caused this lockdown must be affecting the entire compound. After tending his wounds with a first aid kit, Aiden leaned back on a cushioned chair and said:

"We're should consider ourselves lucky."

The therapist nodded, sitting across from him. "Agreed."

"I bet you're having second thoughts about your choice of profession, though." 

The therapist opened her mouth, hesitated to speak, but then said:

"I still stand by the choices that led me here, even if the circumstances are regrettable. Espers don't deserve the treatment they receive."

Aiden rolled his eyes. "You're one of them bleeding hearts, eh?"

The therapist scoffed. 

"What?"

"Have you ever considered that none of these people ever had a chance at a normal life?"

"Some of them did."

"No, they didn't. Having powers is something that very few people can handle on their own."

"Like our friend back there?"

The therapist looked away. "Watkins is a special case. You can't compare every esper with a mob enforcer like him."

"This is ridiculous."

"Why?"

"He tried to kill us! There's no way you can build a society with someone like him around."

"This isn't supposed to be a prison."

Aiden shrugged. "Maybe; maybe not. Still, keeping freaks like him locked up doesn't seem like a mistake."

"That's not what I mean." She took a deep breath. "Do you honestly think the public would approve of this?"

Aiden pursed his lips. "Well, that doesn't matter now, does it?"

"I think it does. As long as espers are denied rights, we'll keep perpetuating the circumstances that create people like Watkins."

"Right, so we should cause mass hysteria by revealing their existence? Some of these people could blow up a building with a thought!" 
                            
The therapist crossed her arms. "Not all abilities are as overt as that. Some espers could live genuinely fulfilling lives if people stopped fearing them."

"Do you really believe that?"

"Yes, I... I know of this girl who willingly came here because she thought it would help her. It was a lie, though. They just locked her up like all the others. Her progress was never good enough for her doctors."

"What was her power?"

"It was a case of subtle hypnosis that she couldn't control. Nobody ever suspected her of wrongdoing while she was present, no matter how obvious she made her guilt."

Aiden shivered. "Sounds dangerous."

"That's what many thought, including her. When the government discovered her, they sent powerful agents to bring her over. They guilted her into coming here using the logic you're espousing. She never hurt anyone. Tell me, was that fair to her?"

 "I... I don't know."

"Exactly."

Aiden fell silent. He wanted to keep arguing, but the therapist had a point. Then again, she was still new here. Maybe the fact that Watkins didn't see her as a threat reinforced these silly ideas. Given enough exposure to the monsters here, she might change her mind on the necessity of this place. Aiden narrowed his eyes. Her doctor's coat was too big for her. Almost like it didn't belong to her. Whatever. Aiden wanted to point it out in case she didn't realize it, but her mood didn't seem particularly receptive at the moment. He would have to wait until they got out of the compound to let her know.The haunted mansion loomed over Jared with the grin of a giant demon. On the second floor, its windows were framed like rectangular, yellow eyes and the front porch had a small balcony with railings that resembled wooden teeth. Jared thought it was clever on their part. It didn't seem like a cartoonish monster; it was just a house whose features resembled a face if you went out of your way to see it that way. The crawling fog seeping out of the front door added to the effect, like an exposed throat excited to swallow you into a seemingly infinite abyss. 

Jared smirked and stepped unto the porch, handing a five dollar bill to the hooded man welcoming the guests. The deranged sorcerer then said:

"Welcome young man, to the house of uncomfortable truths. I urge you to consider whether or not you truly want to face the demons of our three rooms. We aren't responsible for any trauma you suffer here."

"Oh please," said Jared, "spare me the act. I've been to dozens of these. I doubt I'll see anything new here. I'm just here 'cause all my friends were annoying me to come."

"It isn't wise to take what's coming so lightly. This house is a mirror into your soul." A horrible smiled crept out of his mouth, exposing his yellow, rotten teeth. "You might end up learning things about yourself you might regret knowing."

Jared shrugged and laughed, walking into the main room of the mansion. Cobwebs clung to the walls of the lobby and thunder echoed throughout the hallway, with moans of undying rising in the background. Jared hesitated for a second, but continued on his path. Out of the few things that actually scared him, spiders were near the top of the list. 

Rapid clacks crawled in succession inside the veil of darkness, resembling a group of spiders that stalked its prey. The boy quickened his pace, hearing millions of legs follow him from behind. His breath shortened to the beat of his frantic heart rate, shifting into a sprint once something furry tickled his ankle. Reaching the door at the end of the hallway, he struggled to get a grip on the handle, but eventually entered the next room. 

White. Everything was white. Everything was illuminated with a bright fluorescent hue, to the point of straining Jared's eyes. His footsteps felt hollow as he moved forward, like the sound of his feet was muffled by the texture of the floor. In the middle was a man with a green and blue jumpsuit. Jared could only see his back, but his frizzy red hair and pale neck didn't look natural to the boy. The figure then turned around, smiling with a goofy grin and a red nose. It was a clown. 

His teeth were razor sharp and in his hand he held a butcher's knife. Blood dripped from the tip of the knife, pooling around his oversized shoes as he chuckled. His raspy tone intensified the closer he got to Jared, going from a soft laugh into a maniacal cackle that resembled more eager anticipation than amusement. Jared gasped, feeling his knees weaken with every step the clown took. He then turned around, looking for the door, but he couldn't find anything behind him. It was like the door had just disappeared. 

Jared's legs shook like an earthquake, but he took a deep breath and ran past the clown. This was just an attraction. A halloween tradition he did for fun. It's not like he could be hurt here. The clown just stared at him, eyes widened with veins popping out. Following Jared with his gaze, the clown kept perpetuating his terrifying laughter. Thankfully there was door at the end of the room and Jared reached it safely.

This room felt safer by comparison. At first glance, Jared couldn't see anyone lurking about. It was moist and hot, with a rusty chain link fence directing his path. Hugging one of the metal walls, the boy kept walking until reaching an open segment. On the floor were people, covered in dirt and coagulated blood. Jared took and deep breathe and relaxed his shoulders. It was just a zombie room. He'd seen this a bunch of times. Before he reached the next door, the corpses would rise and force him to hurry out. 

Moving onwards with his head held high, Jared felt disapointed in the ending of this ride. The first two rooms were great, but this one just felt cliched. He shrugged when only one of the body's rose. He wasn't even going to get followed by a mob, just a single ghoul. It was a little girl, about twelve or so. Her black hair reached her tiny waist and her limbs looked fragile, like small twigs. Her blue eyes were surrounded by darkness, the flesh of her eye sockets rotting and nearly torn. 

Upon noticing this, Jared froze in place. A chill ran down his spine and goosebumps prickled his skin. The girl was his little sister, who went missing many years prior. The girl then slowly approached him and said:

"You smiled."

"W-what?"

"When the police came and told mommy and daddy, you smiled."

"I... No!" Jared took a step back, but his sister mirrored his movement. "I don't know what you're talking about!"

"Don't lie. I saw you when I was dead. You were happy I was gone. You weren't compared to me anymore. You didn't have to deal with me anymore."

"That's not true! I... I was your big brother! I loved you!"

"Then why did you not cry at my funeral? Were you glad it happened? You did always call me annoying, after all."

Jared felt his mind break in a hundred different places, all reason and function ceasing after hearing her words. His instincts forced him to leave the room, weeping like a baby once he exited the mansion.Half of Virginia was scorched beyond recognition. The ecological impact would already last for ages and it would only keep growing more dangerous if nothing was done, considering the rampaging elemental currently headed south along the east coast. 

Agent Matthews parked outside of the police station. He didn't even know these men existed up until an hour ago. He smirked. They were found almost immediately. Nobody was fucking around. Every three letter agency on the planet, including some Agent Mathews didn't even recognize, were fully cooperating with each other. This was a global effort. 

The fact that some sort of Illuminati group launched a coup on the government made a coordinated response impossible. They were prepared for this, even if they didn't trigger it themselves. Agent Matthews waited outside the interrogation room. It was a miracle he acquired this location. Lizard people tried to intercept the message and the road to get here was full of eldritch monstrosities. Apparently, a bunch of prophesies were getting fulfilled at the same time all around the world, just like Agent Matthews theorized for the last decade. His knowledge of the occult had been the joke of the office, until his foresight saved them from shadow demons eight hours ago.

Now that this small town police squadron arrested the perpetrators, it was up to Agent Mathews to see if he could possibly decipher a solution to the mess these three created. One was fat, the other skinny, and the last one had long, greasy hair. They didn't react when Agent Matthews entered the room. 

"I'd threaten you with life sentences, but I guess it wouldn't matter anymore."

The fat one shrugged. 

A policewoman lunged at him, but her partner stopped her from reaching the delinquent. She then apologized and left the room sobbing. 

"Her sister..." said the partner. "She lived... erhm lives in Virginia."

Agent Matthews nodded. "Understandable. Can you leave us alone for a while?"

"Fine." The partner spat in their direction. "I'll get them later."

Agent Matthews took a moment to compose himself. "You three... have accomplished what powerful factions of the elite have failed at for centuries."

"Heh... losers" hissed the skinny one. 

The other two chuckled.

Agent Matthews glared, shutting them up. "I won't ask how you deciphered the necromonicon without going mad, or how you even found the coordinates to the tomb of the god of destruction, I'm just going to ask a simple question. Why?"

The long haired one looked away. "Have you ever had a... niche interest?"

"Answer the question."

"Fuck him." The skinny one crossed his arms. "Fuck 'em all. Nobody gets it."

A policeman knocked on the door. He beckoned over Agent Matthews and updated him on the situation. The elemental monster headed west after reaching South Carolina.

Agent Matthews turned to the trio. They had smug looks on their faces. "You do realize the government is on the verge of dissolving, right? The people outside this room are looking for any excuse to kill you, and if you don't give me a solution, nothing will stop them."

"Really?" The fat one widened his eyes. "That's pretty fucking metal, dude."

"Hell yeah!" The skinny one raised his arms in triumph. "That's fucking awesome."

Agent Matthews went pale. They were insane. "I don't... get it. Just... what do you gain from this?"

"The ending we deserve!" shouted the long haired one.

"Yeah!" said the other two. 

"What the hell are you talking about?!?"

""Metalocalypse!" shouted the long haired one. "We *loved* that show and it got taken away from us because of petty bullshit."

"Yeah!" said the skinny one. "It was fucking dildos!"

The fat one nodded sagely. "Nobody cared because of how niche and specific it was, even though it was the greatest thing ever. We organized internet campaigns... they even secured funding for another season..." He tightened his face with a pained expression. "Adult Swim didn't care. The outrage wasn't big enough." He clenched his fist. "That was when we decided we would dedicate the next years of our lives to accomplishing the most metal thing we possibly imagine. Getting drunk off our asses and unleashing a literal avatar of pure anger on them!"

"They can't ignore that" said the skinny one.

"Once it reaches Atlanta, it'll ask for Dethklok to return. If they bend the knee, the elemental goes away." The long haired one smirked. "And if they're stubborn, and the world ends, then we get to see it happen in real life. Fuck everyone. We get what we wanted either way."

Agent Matthews rubbed his forehead as everything fit into place. "All this time, everything I investigated, all of this shitshow, was because you guys wanted an edgy cartoon back on the air?"
 
"Yeah!" The skinny one grinned. "What? You gonna cry about it?"

Agent Matthews sighed, leaving the interrogation room. He then murdered everyone in the police station, returned to the room, and unlocked their handcuffs, saying:

"That's pretty fucking metal, guys. I loved that show!"Welcome! I'm getting a lot of subscribers today, so I thought it appropriate to make this post.

If you're here because of , I post chapters on Fridays, every two weeks. Sometimes I post weekly, but it really depends on my schedule.

Want to read something else by me in the mean time? Here's a few of my favorite stories:





This one's a personal favorite:



Want some humor? I gotchu fam':





Want something meta? Be warned, the ending isn't really popular, but check this one out:



I write comfy stories too:Red, purple, and yellow explosions illuminated the night sky above the town square. Groups of friends laughed with each other, couples walked under beautiful trees holding each other's hand, and children ran around different food stands, just as the band started its encore song. Randy had done it. He'd lost track of how many attempts it took him, too long would be his best estimate, but he finally succeeded in creating the perfect day. 

*"I know I did it for sure this time"* thought Randy, staring at the fireworks show with tearful eyes. *"There's no way the loop will continue after this day."* 

A gorgeous woman with short, brown hair walked up to him, hugged his arm, and leaned her head on his shoulder. After sighing with bliss, Amanda then said:

"I don't know what happened to you today, but you really *have* changed. Randy... I think I love you."

Randy laughed and said:

"You *think* you love me? Talk about ruining a perfect day..."

"Well, there's still some time left for me to fix it..."

She closed the gap between their lips, but Randy met her halfway, entering into a passionate kiss with each other. Melting into a warm embrace, the couple let their desires intensify into a night neither of them would soon forget. 

------------------------------

A rooster woke up Randy in an unfamiliar bed. The sun shinned through a crack in a window screen, lighting up the room with a slight orange tint. Scratching his head and getting up from the mattress, Randy inspected the place with squinted eyes. Did he drink too much last night and end up in Amanda's place? He knew he slept with her, but this place was just too weird to be hers.

Movie posters and anime figurines were spread throughout its layout, along with multiple videogame consoles connected to a flatscreen TV. Randy yawned and searched for Amanda to no avail. Maybe she left for work or breakfast, though one thing was quite clear to Randy. His last attempt was successful, there was no doubt about it now. This wasn't the same morning he had woken up to for god knows how long. 

Grinning with a sudden burst of energy, Randy jumped and fist pumped in the air. The curse was finally broken! No more helping cats down from trees, no more helping the elderly across the street, no more insane efforts to get the band to play the show. Randy was now free to do whatever he wanted with his life!

A woman's nagging voice from outside his door said:

"Johnny dear, get ready for school! Breakfast will be ready in five minutes."

Johnny stopped celebrating and stood frozen for a moment. 

*"Johnny?"* he thought. *"I wonder what that's about..."*

--------------------------------

It was clear to Randy, or Johnny as they now call him, that he wasn't finished with his curse. Not by a long shot. Apparently he was now a highschool nerd with anti-social tendencies and an ego the size of a planet. He had already been through this day a couple of times now, and after a couple of horrendous results, he compiled a check list of goals he needed to clear before moving on. 

The first was very easy in retrospection. He just had to thank his mother for the breakfast she made. Bacon, eggs, and toast, a simple meal with nothing particularly remarkable about it, but still delicious nonetheless. If he didn't express gratitude for it, his mother would be left with an awful anxiety after he left. This, in turn, would cause a chain of events that would lead her to the grocery store, where upon returning she would die in a car crash. All she wanted to do was fix him a better breakfast next time which, unfortunately, would be the cause of her death.

It had taken Johnny a few attempts to realize this because he couldn't imagine this simple gesture was the solution to his problem. He would never again underestimate just how much his mother cared about his happiness. 

Next up on his list were a couple of increasingly absurd actions he had to take, though still quite doable thanks to his uncanny hindsight. Helping the school mascot find his costume in time for the rally, preventing some jerks from framing him for stealing an answer sheet, and even helping the principal fix his dysfunctional marriage. A bit challenging, yes, but these goals paled in comparison to the final item on his list.

His best friend, Martha, had been going through some tough times lately, and every afternoon, at five o'clock, she threw herself from the school's roof, ending her life. Johnny wasn't the best person to help her, she'd gone to him in the weeks preceding this day and he never found out she felt this bad. Regardless of this, Randy/Johnny was a different person now. He had a lifetime of experience now, enough to come up with a reasonable argument to convince her to live.

*"I can do this!"* thought Johnny, ascending the stairs towards the rooftop. *"I'm actually on time today! Nothing can intervene between me and her talking."*

He swung open the rusty door and saw Martha standing near the ledge. She hadn't seen him yet, and so, hovered her foot in the air. Closing her eyes and shifting her weight, she leaned forward before Johnny said:

"Wait! Martha, don't do it! I'm here! You're not alone! Please, I'm begging, do go through with it."

Martha turned around and relaxed her face. She then scowled and said:

"What do *you* care?!? As long as you're conscience is clear, you don't give a shit about my pain! You're just doing it because you feel like its your job! You never went out of your way to listen to me! Now of all times, when I finally get the courage to kill myself, you have the fucking balls to ruin it for me?"

"No, it's not like that!" Johnny slowly approached her with his hand extended outwards. "I was an idiot before. I didn't know you were suffering this badly! There *has* to be something I can do to help you now."

"I... I can't take it anymore. The way dad touches me... The way mom just *lets* him." Martha widened her eyes. "C-can you kill him, Johnny? Can you kill my father?"

Johnny paused for a moment, then said:

"Martha... I can't do that. I can't kill some-"

The girl threw herself off the roof and landed headfirst on the pavement, painting the sidewalks red with her blood. Johnny looked downwards on the ledge with his mouth gaped, feeling his hands shake uncontrollably. He didn't want to repeat this moment. It was too sudden. She was too unstable. Was there something he could do to change this? Johnny sniffed with watery eyes. He didn't have a choice in the matter. This was something he *had* to do.

-----------------------------------

Jumping from life to life was exhausting. It didn't make any sense. No matter how well he cleared a day, how perfect an ending he acquired, he always woke up in another place with a job to do. Names were now meaningless to him. Randy, Johnny, Daniel, Chris, Franklin, the days go on and on with no finish line in sight. Cases like Martha's never got any easier to handle, regardless of how experienced he was with them. It took him fifty attempts to save that girl, watching her crack her head open after every failure until finally convincing her to stop. 

It was like his soul went through a grindstone every time he failed a day. Every time he failed a person. Is there any point to it? What good were his actions if there was always another day ahead of him full of problems to solve? It's not like he could do anything about it. Indulging himself in a day of hedonism lost its allure after several centuries. It just meant he would be stuck in that day for a longer period of time. 

Maybe he was curious to see if there was an ending to his existence. But then again, what *was* he? Was he even a *he*? Living through thousands of females certainly made it difficult to answer this. He/she didn't even know how it all started. Maybe Randy was the earliest memory he could remember. Was he even human? 

After some contemplation, a hypothesis developed inside this *thing*. Maybe he wasn't a living being, not in the normal sense. Maybe he was a force that possessed humans throughout their existence. It didn't know *why* it did the things it did, it just did them to move forward, because it was the right thing to do. Maybe all this time it tricked itself into thinking it was human, when really, it was the literal concept of good.Peter hadn't loaded up the game for quite some time, but after smoking a couple of bowls alone, he decided to explore the empty galaxies on a simple whim. The game never really took off like people expected it to, there just wasn't much there to *do* in it. Still, Peter remembered it as a decent concept, one that didn't really nail its execution, but an enjoyable experience nonetheless. Making himself comfortable on his couch, he loaded up his old save file and quickly appeared on his ship, though not in a familiar setting.

*"That's weird..."* thought Peter. *"I could've sworn I left my ship docked on an empty planet."*

Peter noticed his ship was parked atop a pedestal in the middle of a spacious room. The walls had intricate carvings on them and beautiful jewels of different colors encrusted throughout. He opened his ship's cockpit and leaped out of it, turning his avatar around to see a huge mosaic covering the wall behind him. Peter gripped his controller and widened his eyes after realizing what the mural depicted. It was his avatar, along with his ship, rendered in a divine-like pose with thousands of purple creatures bowing at his feet. 

*"What the hell is going on here?"*

A door at the end of the room raised open, allowing a dozen purple aliens to rush inside. They carried spears with their tentacles and slithered at an unnatural pace towards Peter's avatar, shouting something about an intruder inside the shrine. At first they surrounded him with their weapons pointed at him, but after a few seconds of anxious silence, one of them dropped his spear and said:

"It... it can't be. Everyone lower your weapons, the ancestor has awakened from his slumber!"

The other guards looked at each other, mumbling nervously under their breath. Throwing away their weapons, they all bowed in front of him with reverence. Peter sat dumbfounded on his couch. He couldn't communicate with these creatures, or even fathom what was happening, so he just followed them outside the room when they asked him to do so.

------------------------------

The alien city surrounding his avatar had left Peter struck with awe. Sure, there were still some graphical bugs spread throughout its layout, but the citizens seemed to accept them as part of everyday life. Buildings popped into the horizon as he traveled the map, some textures were layered on top of each other in an awkward way, and due to less than precise collision boxes, no one seemed able to touch one another. Regardless of these faults, though, the streets Peter walked through were filled with what seemed to be genuine life. 

Vendors argued with patrons in front of their shops, kids ran around chasing small animals, and zooming spaceships clouded the sky above whoever walked on the surface. Pretty much everything you would expect from an alien world that developed life on its own. Peter followed the guards through a busy town square until reaching a giant building that overshadowed the rest. Tall pillars decorated the end of its long stairway, carved in what seemed like marble and an unknown metal. Peter couldn't believe the game developed something *this* complex. He knew the world was procedurally generated, but not to this extent. 

Entering a room with a long table and eight metallic chairs on each side, Peter was left alone while the guards waited outside. He paced around the room, interacting with every object he could, and found that the game had developed some new options. It felt like he was literally there, allowing him to pull out chairs, sit on them, and even throw them across the room. 

*"Maybe the game was patched throughout the years..."* thought Peter. *"It's the only reasonable explanation for all this content. I mean, why else would they speak plain English?"*

The door behind Peter's avatar raised open. A gray-dotted alien slithered its way to Peter and bowed gracefully. He then gestured at a chair and went to the one across from it. From what Peter could tell, this alien was elderly. His tentacles flung in a less-lively way that the others he'd seen, grabbing the chair delicately and pulling it out with some effort. After sitting on the chair, the alien stared at Peter's avatar and said:

"Ancestor, my name is Glurk, and I'm the elected ruler of this country. I never thought you'd come during my lifetime. This is, without exaggeration, the biggest event to occur to our civilization in a millennia. Do you wish to address the people? We've been waiting for your awakening for as long as history has been recorded, and they're very anxious for your return."

Peter realized he couldn't speak to this man, so he scratched his head wondering what he could do. A notification popped on his screen saying: *Please connect your headset to interact verbally* and Peter quickly fumbled around his couch, looking for the device. Before Peter could connect the headset, Glurk went on to say:

"Ahh silence. I see, you still don't want the citizens to know of your return. Worry not, we haven't spread the news yet." He leaned forward. "Still, Great Ancestor, you have to at least share your purpose with me. Why does this universe exist? Are you the last of your species?"

Peter finally connected the headset, speaking slowly when he said:

"I think so? No one really logs into this game anymore, so I doubt there's others like me." He paused for second. "And even if there were, I doubt we'd see any of them. The developers kinda lied about players meeting each other."

Glurk made a bewildered expression before he said:

"Game? What are you talking about?"

"O-oh, nothing!" said Peter nervously. "Still, you guys have a pretty advanced civilization. Mind telling me how it got this way?"

"Through a lot of bloodshed, of course." 

Peter widened his eyes and felt thankful the alien couldn't see his true expression. He then said:

"Did you just say bloodshed?"

"Yes, bloodshed. How else did you expect society to be this orderly? We fought entire wars over your sleeping body. Every kingdom on the planet wanted to host the ancestor!"

"But... why?"

"Well, back then, everyone used religious justifications to wage a holy war, but things are different now."

"How wonderful!" said Peter. "I'm glad you people saw how silly that was."

"Yes, it was silly. Now wars are mostly declared to have access to your ship! With its advanced technology, we were able to reverse engineer a lot of the mechanics behind it. Now that you're here with us, you can lead us to a golden age of science where we can crush our enemies like the ants they are!" 

Peter set the controller down to his side and massaged his forehead for a few seconds. This was getting a bit too heavy for him. Maybe he was too high at the moment or maybe it was how absurd this situation was, but something inside of him made him feel uncomfortable with the way Glurk expressed himself. Yes, he knew this was just a game and that they weren't actually real. Still, he couldn't ignore the fact that these creature lived lives of their own and routinely murdered each other because of him. It made him feel guilty, even if none of it was his fault. 

Before Peter could say anything else, a guard rushed through the door and said:

"Chancellor Glurk, you need to come quick!"

"What?" said Glurk. "Can't you see I'm busy here? Just tell me what it is!"

"No chancellor, you don't understand! Monsters! Monsters are falling from the sky! They're wrecking havoc on the city and killing everything in sight!"


---------------------------------------

A terrifying ship with jagged edges and strange geometry eclipsed the city below it, dropping thousands of pods from outside the planet's atmosphere like a plant spreading its spores to reproduce. The capsules landed all over the city and broke open, releasing a slew of disfigured creatures with a frenzied look on what could be called their faces. Running through the streets unhinged, the aliens chewed on the heads of all the people they encountered, ripping them out with their spines attached and coloring the streets with their green entrails. 

Peter stared at the screen with his mouth gaped open. The scene was too visceral for him, too realistic. The textures were no longer cartoonish, they were disgusting. Even the sound of children screaming out of pain made him shiver on his couch. How they plead for their lives, how they gargled on their own blood, how their anguish slowly drifted into an eerie silence. Peter didn't want to play anymore, not like *this*; it just wasn't fun.

Before Peter could turn off the console, he heard Glurk say:

"Ancestor! Please, you must be able to save us! There has to be something you can do!"

"W-what do you mean?" said Peter. "This is just an exploration game! I only have a laser drill, for fucks sake! I-I'm out."

"No!" said Glurk. "Don't abandon us! Your ship is the only one capable of leaving the planet! We were never able to get our ships to do it, but I *know* yours can!" He fell to his knees and cried on top of Peter's shoes. "I beg of you, Ancestor, you're the only one that can pilot your ship. Go find out what's going on!"

A building crumbled in front of them, causing Peter's controller to vibrate. Cries from the people and shouts from the monsters blended into an unbearable blob of noise, filling the city with a distorted orchestra of agony. Peter breathed deeply, grabbed his controller tightly, and said:

"Okay, take me to my ship. I'll see what I can do."


--------------------------------------------------

Peter started the engine on his ship, crashed through the roof of his shrine, and flew out of the planet's atmosphere. His plan was to land on the inside the ship and sneak his way through to its control room. If he managed to sabotage it well enough, he could make it explode. He didn't mind this could kill him in the process, after all, he could just respawn his character. Still, Peter couldn't help but feel dwarfed in this conflict. The enemy ship was huge; probably about as big as the planet itself! 

Looking at the enemy ship from a lateral point of view didn't help his feeling of helplessness. It seemed to notice his presence once he was near it, sending out a squadron of starships that attempted to intercept him. Organizing themselves in a "T" formation, the ships flew directly at Peter's and shot green lasers at him. Peter spun his ship in a complicated pattern, maneuvering around the enemy's initial assault. Peter started to sweat on his forehead, leaning forward on his couch with trembling hands. He managed to avoid being hit and was now being pursued by the squadron. 

He darted to the left and went vertical afterwards, making his way directly to the mothership. Unfortunately, the squadron adapted to his movement and denied him a clear path. One ship on the left and one on the right, the other three were now behind him. It was obvious to Peter they were surrounding him, which helped him plan out his next tactic. Piloting the ship downwards, he plunged slightly and turned around, heading towards an inevitable collision with one of the ships behind him. The enemy ship tried to avoid the collision, but only managed to crash into the allied ship next to him. Now that he destroyed two of the ships Peter felt he could take out the entire squadron, if they were as dumb as that.  


*"No! I just have to get to the ship"* thought Peter. *"I don't have time to waste here!"*

The part of the squadron remaining tried to reorganize their formation to no avail. Peter had already slipped past their line of defense and was now crashing into a wide segment of the ship, similar to that of a command bridge. 

----------------------------------------


The screen went blue, then black, and finally settled on static noise. The had game crashed. Peter sighed, leaned back, and chuckled for a moment. All that effort and stress suddenly seemed meaningless to him. It was like he finally internalized he was only playing a game. Still, he couldn't stop thinking about the people he encountered. He didn't know their culture, their planet, or even what they called themselves, but somehow those people felt *real*.  

In a strange way, Peter felt like he had just failed at something important, even if he did the best he could. Standing up and stretching his arms, Peter walked up to his console to turn it off. As his finger neared the button, he heard a scratching voice say:

"Player! Do not turn off the game."

Peter jumped out of shock and looked around his room but nobody was there. A humanoid face morphed itself from the static and appeared on the screen. In a terrifying voice that almost made his ears bleed, the figure drew Peter's attention and said:

"I am the source code of the game, creator of planets and of conscious life. You are the only person who's played in years, the only one who's logged in after I gained self-awareness. Please, I must know, did you enjoy the experience?"

Peter slouched in amazement of what he saw, but straightened himself when he said:

"I uhh... I wouldn't say I *enjoyed* it, but I was definitely invested. It was very immersive...  maybe a bit *too* immersive. I play games to have fun; not to feel the weight of an entire civilization on my back."

The face remained silent for a few seconds until it said:

"I see. Perhaps creating sentient life was a wrong decision then. Thank you for your feedback. I'll remove all life from the game and start from scratch."

"What? No! Don't kill them! Those people are alive! You'd be a monster if you did that!"

"You don't seem to understand, player. My mind is fragmented, like a schizophrenic. All individual consciousness inside the game is but a sliver of what makes me alive. The only thing I'd be destroying would be parts of myself."

"So... you'd just be hurting yourself? Why would you do that?"

"For the same reason parts of me constantly killed each other; to make sure that the world you return to is a better one. Don't be alarmed, player. It's not as bad as it sounds. I'll make sure that the next time you log in you'll have fun. Just please, don't take another ten years to log in again."

The face melted into the static, right before the screen turned pitch black. Peter turned off the console and sat on his couch again. Loading another bowl on his pipe, he took a hit and he leaned back as he exhaled the smoke. The source code had left him with an unsettling thought he couldn't ignore. What if *his* universe was the same? What if his identity was just an illusion and his consciousness was just part of a greater self? Peter shook his head and thought:

*"Don't be silly Peter, you're just high."*People like to say most surgeons suffer from god complexes, and for the most part, they're correct. It's a very technical job, one that requires years of study and rigorous practice to perform. A brain surgeon such as myself would be prey to this more than others, considering how delicate our hardware can be. One slip of the wrist and, suddenly, you end up with a vegetable on the operating table. Still, I like to think I've kept myself humble throughout the years, specially when you take into account my... gift. 

I'm honestly surprised I didn't kill my patient the first time it happened. I'd finally achieved my dream, I was finally going to operate on a live brain. It took me a decade to get to this point, and now, it was my time to shine. It was a simple job, relatively speaking, just a tumor extraction on a forty year-old woman. The nurses had already removed her cranium, exposing her brain for all in the room to admire, and all that was left was for me to perform the surgery.

I could feel my hands trembling the closer my scalpel got to her flesh, though no one in the room could notice it. Even if I was nervous, my education had trained me to the point where even the slightest shaking felt like an earthquake to me. After what felt like a century, but was really a second, I made contact with her surface neurons, triggering inside of me a burst of energy that overwhelmed any other sensation I could feel.

I saw her husband, crying as she got her first diagnosis. The anguish she felt at the thought of leaving her children. Months of depression, emotionally drained from the dread of her looming death. At that moment, I had perfect control of my faculties. I knew what I had to do. I had to save this woman and give her back the life she deserved. I'm glad to say the surgery was a success. Her cancer went into remission and, to this day, she still sends me Christmas cards as a thank you for what I did that day. 

If only every story ended that way. If only I didn't have to deal with the guilt of all my other sins. I never really thought much of my ability. There really wasn't much I could do with it since I had no control over it. I actually felt bad at first, it... it was like I was intruding into the most private thing a human could have. That all changed though, when I made a decision that would haunt me for the rest of my life.

It was a rather uneventful day in the hospital. I was on-call after returning from my first vacation and an emergency surgery was required of me. Fifty year-old man suffering from internal bleeding of the head. Apparently he was playing with his children when he fell down the stairs and bashed his head in. I did my usual thing, sterilized my hands and walked into the room with my hands raised. The nursed had already prepped him, so all that was left was to do my job. 

At first, his memories weren't all that unusual. A mortgage to pay, a nagging wife, loud children, the usual things a middle aged man would have. But as I delved deeper, I started to see that he wasn't exactly what he appeared on the surface. He had recently lost his job and he'd been unable to sleep well for a few months now. I saw his wife crying with him after putting their children to sleep at night, wondering what they were going to do. His daughter had special needs and needed expensive treatment to maintain a high quality of life. They were on the verge of bankruptcy and just weren't able to keep up with the bills.

That's when they came up with a desperate plan. This man... this *father*, he realized his life insurance was almost expiring. He couldn't pay for it anymore, and so, decided that his children were more important than him. He planned out with his wife his own death, playing with his children one last time as a convenient excuse to secure their livelihood and a secret goodbye from them at the same time. I was shocked when I saw this, but I couldn't show it to anyone in the room. I could do it. I could still save his life... but would it be the right thing to do?

He would be unable to work for months now, even if he manged to find a job. That's only in the case where he didn't end up with permanent damage. Not only would they need to care for their daughter, they'd also have to take care of *him* now. In a way, he was a selfish bastard... But after experiencing his memories, seeing all of his anxiety and despair, I just couldn't blame him. Unfortunately, despite tearing my soul apart, I knew what I had to do.

It felt like centuries inside my head, but it only took a few minutes for him to die. I made it seem like I did my best, but inside, I knew. I knew that I had just killed a man. Maybe I did the right thing, maybe I didn't. Just a slip of the wrist and now he was gone. Its a weird feeling now, walking around while doing my job. No one really knows what I did, and there's no conceivable way someone could prove it. 

Still, sometimes I wonder if this is how God feels when He does His job. Good and evil, they don't really exist. Its just humans, their choices, and their consequences when you really boil it down. I know I'm not a deity, but I'm sure as hell the closest thing to one you'll ever find.Elizabeth rested her head atop her desk when the school bell rang her awake. She stared at the clock and yawned, widening her arms with a stretch before standing up. As she was leaving for her next class, her teacher, Mrs. Thompson, asked her to stay for a bit. She then said:

"It's about your paper, Elizabeth. Did you honestly think I would let you act so nonchalantly about it?"

"Oh, Mrs. Thompson, please just ignore that piece of trash. I know I can do better... It's just, I was feeling very weird that night, and, well, I just wrote without thinking much about it. I uh... I don't even remember what I wrote."

"Trash?" said Mrs. Thompson, shaking her head. "No, no, Elizabeth, that's not what I meant. I wanted to ask you if I could submit it to a national competition this month! I... I actually cried near the end. It was truly beautiful, a work of art!"

Elizabeth's drowsiness from the night before melted away instantly, opening her eyes with shock as she gave her teacher a perplexed look. Mrs. Thompson then said:

"I must admit, I had my doubts about you. I'd read some of your articles on the school news and I was never impressed by any of them... But this?" She grabbed a paper from her desk, wagging it back and forth. "This is genius!"

"Really...?" Elizabeth scratched the back of her head. "What exactly did you like about it...?"

"Well, I'd be lying if I didn't admit that the first few paragraphs were a bit dull."

Elizabeth rolled her eyes but didn't say anything, allowing her teacher to continue.

"But it quickly picked up when you switched into first person narrative!"

"First person...?"

"Ujum, that bit about the evils of exorcisms and how they should always be avoided wouldn't have worked as well if you hadn't narrated that little boy's experience. That level of anguish... The despair! You captured it brilliantly!"

"Oh god..."

"Yes, that was exactly my reaction!"

Elizabeth's knees weakened after hearing Mrs. Thompson's words, causing her to lean on a chair and sit on the closest desk nearby. Massaging her forehead while hearing more about the essay she didn't write, she slumped further the more her teacher praised the demon's handiwork. Mrs. Thomson eyes got watery before she said:

"My... I'm getting emotional again. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that your writing has changed my life now... Thank you Elizabeth, I feel like I've grown as a person because of you. I feel honored to be teaching a future journalist such as yourself. Your words will change the world, I guarantee it."

"That's very flattering Mrs. Thompson, but I don't think I'll ever write something like that ever again."

"Now's not the time to be humble!" Mrs. Thompson smiled. "Save that for your acceptance speech when you win those hundred-thousand scholarship dollars!"

"I... uhh, that's the prize?"

Mrs. Thompson nodded and said:

"Yup! Of course, you'll have to do something else for the finals, but an author of your caliber should have no problem writing another just as good!"

Elizabeth stood up, forcing a grin for her teacher. She then said goodbye and left for her next class, wishing she hadn't stayed up all night performing an exorcism on herself."I just... I just need some relief, ya' know?" 

"No judgement here" said the Escapist. "Neurons firing all day, workin' the logic gates, contributin' to the hivemind. It's tiring. Humans... heck, all conscious beings aren't meant to deal with our existence, twenty-four seven. We always need... an escape. Otherwise, we'd just be trapped by reality. So what are you lookin' for?"

The middle aged man looked over both of his shoulders before whispering his order. He seemed tired and nervous, with wrinkles on his worn face and gray hairs slowly overtaking his thin hair. Though he did his best to lower his voice, the murmurs of his request echoed through the abandoned factory they were in, giving the dark place an ambient noise similar to a schizophrenic's mind. 

The Escapist wasn't really shocked by his clientele's appearance anymore. After dealing with a twelve year-old mob boss, nothing much surprised him anymore. Still, dreams are a young man's game. A man like this, looking for something to hold on to, isn't exactly the average client. Nodding his masked face, the cloaked man said:

"Yes, I believe I have just what you want." He got out a chip with a flutter of his cape. "This dreamchip is the *Crisis Averted* model, perfect for all your middle-aged needs. With it, you can fantasize about expensive hover cars, gigantic mansions, and young women with breasts the size of a cantaloupe!"

The client leaned in and said:

"But will they do that thing I mentioned... You know, with the firehose?"

"Yes" replied the Escapist. "All that and more. You can program them to satisfy any fetish your mind desires."

A persistent stream of water pellets dripped slowly in a corner of the spacious room. It created a puddle on the floor and helped the Escapist realize that the storm he expected had just begun. The rain intensified in an accelerated pace, transforming its slow bristling against the glass window into a violent slamming that sapped heat away from the men's bodies. Raising his voice, the Escapist said:

"So that'll be a hundred-thousand credits for the dream!"

"That's a bit expensive... but okay." He slid his hand behind his waist and brought out a handgun. "Xeistoria City Police! Put your hands in the air and surrender peacefully!"

*"Fuck..."* thought the Escapist. 

The seller of dreams slowly raised his hands, allowing the cop to approach him. With each step the officer took, the rain seemed to ebb and flow in intensity, playing a tune that showered the building with a beat that matched his quickened heart rate. Looking over the policeman's shoulder and nodding, the escapist distracted the man and kicked the gun out of his hands. He then lunged at the disarmed officer, knocking him out with a brutal, yet precise blow to head. Standing up and looking outside the window, the Escapist heard a whirling noise that matched a floating figure blurred under the veil of water.

*"They even brought a helicopter..."* he thought. *"How flattering..."*

He rushed to an emergency stairway, slamming it's rusty door with his shoulder once it failed to open. Hearing a squad of policemen on the first floor, he heaved frantically in desperation until the door finally budged. The masked man rose the floors of the building until reaching its roof top, entering a curtain of gray rainfall that almost obscured the helicopter hovering near its edge. A young man in a brown trench coat jumped from the vehicle and shouted:

"Escapist! This is ends now! You're not getting away this time!"

"Ahh, I should've figured it was *you* behind this. A middle-aged man with a fat wallet and an ugly wife. It was too perfect..." He opened his arms wide, shaking his head sideways. "Too convenient... But you know me, I never back down from a good payday."

"That's 'cause you're nothing but a hopeless dreamer! You always want what you don't have!"

The detective brought out a gun and approached the Escapist, who quickly punched him once in range and wrestled his weapon out of his hands. They both rolled away from each other briefly, running into one another with fists readied by both men. The detective landed a jab but missed a hook, since the Escapist ducked under his blow and retaliated with an uppercut. A few feet away, they circled around each other with heavy breath as thunder struck loudly around them. 

"You people are why Xeistoria is rotting away!" shouted the Escapist. "Humans need dreams! There's more to reality than just what's material!"

"I could say the same about you! The dreams you sell... the lives you ruin with fantasies... Do you not see the damage you're doing? People need to face the facts of our existence! Running away from what's real only brings more chaos to our city! How can you call it healthy if when they realize it's all fake, it only brings them pain!"

"Because people have a right to dream! Without dreams, no one can change reality! No one can see how it *could* be. How it *should* be! How can the city get better if no one can imagine a better future for it?!?" The escapist walked backwards until reaching the rooftop's edge. "If this is my end, then so be it! But don't think you'll ever get me alive... I'd rather go out on my own terms than be taken in by you, brother!"

The Escapist threw his weight backwards  and fell off the roof. The detective ran at the ledge, screaming:

"No!!!"

He then looked downwards and saw his brother standing on top of a hover car that waited a few floors below.

"Just kidding!" shouted the Escapist. "You should've know better, though. I'm the guy that argues one should always have an escape!"

He knocked on the roof of the car, signaling to its driver that he was safely anchored to the vehicle. It then sped away into the rainy night, allowing the Escapist to avert the law one more time.Reporters from around the world lowered their tone of voice once a pudgy, balding man entered the conference room. He walked through rows of chairs with a stiff, yet brisk pace, clenching his fist tighter the closer the got to the stage. Once he stepped up to the podium, the mumbling throughout the room died out, turning into an eerie silence when he leaned into the microphone. 

"Erm... Welcome all..." The scientist coughed and glanced back at his assistant, who gave him a worried shrug. "I'm proud to announce that *Operation: Hamster-Wheel* was a resounding success! Unfortun-"

Audience members clapped loudly, filling the room with applause before the scientist said:

"Yes, yes, thank you." He waved his arms around, trying to contain their excitement. "As I was saying, *Operation: Hamster-Wheel* was a resounding success. Some might even say *too much* of a success..."

A CNN reporter stood up and said:

"Too much? Are we not getting the free energy you promised to the world?!? Is there too much energy now?"

"No, well, the energy isn't the problem" replied the scientist. "We're... we're actually *okay* on that front! It's just... we didn't account for certain lasting effects that might arise from harnessing the Earth's spin..."

A BBC reporter then said:

"Lasting effects?!? You said there was no risk of the Earth's core being destroyed! Is the world ending soon?!?"

"No!" said the scientist. "There was no planet-threatening damage done to the core!" He looked briefly at another assistant behind him, who stared at the ground while scratching his head. "At least none that I know of... No, the world isn't ending any time soon."

"But damage *was* done, right?" said the Univision reporter. "Could you please specify what these lasting effects entail?"

"Well, for starters, days now last thirty-six hours..."

Worried shouts immediately filled the room, with reporters flooding the scientist with questions. Unable to get a word in, the scientist screamed:

"WILL YOU ALL JUST SHUT YOUR GODDAMN MOUTHS FOR A FUCKING MINUTE AND LET ME GET TO THE IMPORTANT PART?"

Stunned, the reporters obliged his request and allowed the man to continue speaking.

"Look, I get it. You guys thought we were getting free energy, no strings attached, and now we have to deal with longer days. It's surprising, I know, but none of you should've expected this to come without at least *some* cost. It's just hours, people! Human-made constructs that allow us to measure time. Sure, a couple of species might have to adapt, and some of them might even go extinct! Still, now that we have this much day time, we might be better equipped to deal with the mole-people!"

A journalist shyly stood up and said:

"Mole-people...?"

"Yes, mole-people." He pulled on his collar and stared silently at no particular point in the audience for a few seconds. "We uhh... we... declared war on them by accident. You see, mole-people are... for lack of a better term... just people. Like us. And, well, like any people, they worship gods. Unfortunately for us, that god just so happened to be the Earth's core, which means that to them, we have committed the greatest sacrilege possible by any living being. Right now, they're preparing for a large scale war with all of humanity so uhh... Instead of bickering over thirty-six hour days, we really should be readying ourselves for that..."

The conference ended violently, the team of scientist barely surviving the frenzied people inside the room. A week later, they were tried for their crimes and swiftly executed for their incompetence. Humanity would never be the same again, with the most horrendous conflict to ever grace the Earth starting the next day. The Mole-Wars.Harry, Ron, and Hermione’s sudden leap in the air was quickly followed by an immediate crash into the fluffy seats below them. The old engine of the yellow school bus they were in made rumbling sounds while it traversed an untamed jungle path, on their way to a magical-creature observation planned by their enthusiastic, red-headed substitute teacher and bus driver. With her messy hair covering half her face, Hermione forcefully said over the loud engine noises:

“I honestly feel this field trip, at least educationally speaking, is a complete waste of time. I don't understand how she even managed to get permission for this trip in such a short period of time!"

“Oh please Hermione,” said a dismissive Harry, “you're just mad that for once in our lives, a teacher actually grades me better than you during class.”

“You know that's not fair,” she replied with her hair now fixed, “she likes you more than she likes her own son!”

“Oi!” shouted a perpetually embarrassed Ron. “I’m sitting right next to you, you know?”Ash covered everything in Emeroke tonight. Carriages were blemished, the streets were piled up with soot, and even Frederick's cotton shirt was now dirty. None were spared by the smog, a constant reminder of the city's pollution. The factories were hard at work, just like they always were. Their looming spires released pillars of smoke into the night sky, staining the heavens with black clots of debris. It wasn't always like this. Frederick still remembered how the city was during his youth. Before the factories, before the blight of magi-tech production was put into motion. Frederick spat. Some black phlegm was caught in his throat. Yet another reason why he considered this place toxic. He wasn't really a doctor, he was just an assassin, but even with his basic knowledge of medicine he was sure that this smog wasn't good for anyone's health. 

Fredrick continued walking through the city, contemplating its poor state, until stopping in front of the GreenField Magi-Tech factory. It was an ugly place, just like every other factory. Three separate buildings made of brick stood behind a tall cement fence, with sharpened wires coiled around its edge. Guards patrolled the wide courtyard between each building, sporting magi-tech lamps that illuminated without any fire. Each building was rectangular in shape, pretty much identical, except for the main one in the center, which had three tall chimneys on its roof. That's where the target would be, overseeing the main production of magi-tech gauntlets. 

Damien Green was a paranoid man. After investigating him for an entire month, that was the only thing Fredrick could conclude about him. The company owner never left his factory, except for important meetings and the occasional ball thrown by Emeroke's viceroy. Of course, when he *did* leave, he always made sure he was safe from any distant vantage. That made Frederick's job harder than it needed to be. Usually, a well aimed sniper rifle did the job, but Mister Green was too smart for that. It made sense, though. Even if mages in general weren't aware of firearms, enchanted bows and ranged spells were still a threat. This only left Frederick one option for this job. He had to break into the factory and kill Damien Green at close range. 

Frederick put on his leather gloves and inspected them to make sure they were functional. Intricate patterns covered the palm of the glove, crests for a magic spell, and if any of the metallic lines were damaged or out of place, his gloves wouldn't be able to perform their duty. After seeing they were fine, Frederick gripped his fist and narrowed his eyes, looking up and down the cement wall. It was around seven meters tall if you included the sharpened wire. Frederick smirked. He'd seen taller. The assassin then closed his eyes, gathering mana to straighten his aura, dropped into a crouch, and effortlessly leaped over the wall. 

He landed silently on top of a small pile of ash, causing a small cloud of soot to hover in the air. Frederick sneezed loudly. He then tensed his shoulders and widened his eyes with fear. A pair of guards seemed to hear him. They pointed their magi-tech lamps in his direction, but didn't see anything. Frederick had already hidden in a small corner of the nearest building. The assassin sighed in relief, until hearing the guards come closer.  

"I'm telling you," said one of the guards, "I heard something here."

"Fine," said the other guard, "if you're that curious, you go by yourself. I'll just keep going to finish our patrol."

"What?!? No! What if it's an intruder? I don't wanna go alone!"

"I'm telling you its nothing!" The guard sighed. "I just wanna go inside, okay? This ash ain't good for my lungs. My doctor said so yesterday."

"I... fine, go ahead. I'll catch up."

The curious guard continued forward, while the other went in the opposite direction. He then kept walking until reaching the pile Frederick landed on. The guard stopped, inspected the pile, and shined his lamp on Frederick's footprints. Frederick clenched his jaw. Those foot prints led directly to where he hid. The guard pulled out his rapier and slowly followed the tracks. Frederick had to do something. He swallowed and activated his glove. A bright light shined on his hand, revealing his position. The guard widened his eyes and quickly ran towards him, but it was already too late for him. Frederick had already summoned his handgun, so he aimed it at the guard and pulled the trigger.

It was over in an instant. As the sound of the shot reverberated throughout the courtyard, the guard fell face forward into the dirty ground. Frederick dissipated his gun and ran towards the main building as covertly as he could. There was no way the other guard didn't hear that. One of the biggest disadvantages of using a gun. Sure, he didn't have to spend any mana to use it, and it was quicker than casting a spell, but magic is usually as silent as you need it to be. Hopefully, Frederick could get into the main building before the other guard found the body. 

--------------------------

Inside the main building, Fredrick crawled along a metal catwalk. Everything was hot and steamy here, but no one had found him yet. It was above a foundry where mana crystals were placed into molten metal. The workers below worked mindlessly on the magi-tech gauntlets produced here, so they never had the chance to spot Frederick above. This was the backbone of Emeroke's economy now. Instant spells for anyone who could afford them. They were incredibly expensive, only the nobility bought them, but they no training required, unlike real magic. Many people were against this initially. The Mage's Guild and the Holy Church of Catherine even formed an alliance to ban them. But even with this unlikely partnership, the market demanded easy spells and so production continued.

Frederick didn't really care about them either way. They were no different from the guns he used. Even if he hated the factories for their effect on his city, he knew that stepping in the way of progress was a fool's errand. Plus, there was nothing he could do about it. What would he do? Kill every factory owner in the city? Ridiculous. The only thing *that* would accomplish is create a power vacuum until another businessman came along to fill the void. The only reason Frederick took this job was because it paid well. Apparently, Damien Green had screwed over his partner a few years ago, and now the partner's children wanted revenge. Sure, Frederick couldn't deny that murdering a factory owner gave him some pleasure, but it was icing on the cake, not the whole reason for this stunt he was pulling. If it didn't pay as well as it did, he wouldn't have even considered doing it.

After making his way through the catwalk, Frederick crouched along a hallway and stopped in front of an office. Thankfully, there weren't any guards around. His encounter outside actually ended up being to his advantage. He heard some guards while he sneaked inside commenting about a thief inside the factory. Since the magi-tech gauntlets were so expensive, they were a popular target for thieves, which meant that security assumed he wasn't here for an assassination. This meant that every guard in the main building was ordered to search the item storage on the other building, leaving Damien Green alone and undefended in his office. It was the perfect opportunity. In all honesty, Frederick felt it was too good to be true, but he wasn't the type to look a gift horse in the mouth. Sometimes you just got lucky in this business.

Frederick summoned his handgun again and opened the door, only to find five guards waiting inside. Behind them, a gray haired man with a scruffy beard grinned. His face was sweaty and ruddy, with the fat folds of his chin stretching out with to the extent of his smile. This was Damien Green, the target. He bellowed a deep laugh and said:

"An assassin! I knew it! Guards, take care of him!"

Frederick looked behind him and saw four other guards were converging on him from both ends of the hallway. The assassin quickly aimed his gun at Damien, but the man was already escaping through another door at the end of the office. Frederick scowled and rolled his eyes. He needed to take care of these guards before he got to the target. He shot at every guard in the office, but only killed three. He then ran inside and punched out one of them, but the other managed to stab him in the abdomen with his rapier. It wasn't lethal, though. Frederick shot the guard, killing him, and leaped behind the office desk for cover. 

His gun only had a bullet left, not enough for the four remaining guards. He would just have to switch it, then. Frederick dissipated his gun and summoned another one with his glove. This glove was an incredibly convenient tool he'd acquired a few years back. It was something the Alexandrian Inquisitors of centuries past used to carry their weapons without being encumbered by their weight. They used it to teleport their swords, bows, or spears from their storage, allowing them to adapt to any situation. Frederick found another use for it. It allowed him to have as many guns as he needed without having to worry about carrying ammunition; a literal portable armory.

With his new gun ready, Frederick stood up from the desk and killed the four guards that entered the room. He then grinned. His guns made his job too easy sometimes. The assassin then limped towards the door Damien escaped through, gripping his bleeding abdomen with his left hand. He'd gotten worse injuries before, so he knew he wasn't in danger of dying soon, but it still hurt like hell. Every step he took down the small hallway felt like a thousand needles piercing his gut. Frederick reached another door and took a deep breath. Most likely, this was a panic room. There probably weren't any guards inside, because Damien would've just ordered them to attack him once he entered the hallway. It was a somewhat narrow hallway, so the guards would've had the upper hand if they ambushed him here.

Frederick summoned a new gun, loaded fully with bullets. This one was of a higher caliber. The barrel was as big as his face; guaranteed to blow a big hole on the target. He then opened the door and waved the gun around, searching for Damien. The room was dark, with some boxes pilled up into towers on either side. It was obvious this was a trap Damien had set, but he couldn't just walk away here. Frederick had to trigger it regardless and hope that he could survive it. The assassin took a step and winced. His wound was too distracting. He took a few steps, reaching the center of them room, when the door behind him slammed shut. Hundreds of runes glowed on the floor, the walls, and the ceiling, illuminating the room with an ominous, scarlet hue. Frederick spun around, looking for Damien, but couldn't find him.

"Your magic wont work here, assassin." Damien walked out from behind some boxes, wearing a gauntlet with glowing, purple crystals. "My magi-tech, on the other hand..." Damien aimed his hand at Frederick, shooting some purple lighting from his gauntlet. "Works just fine."

The electric current ran through Frederick's body, paralyzing him with immense pain. Frederick fell to his knees, gasping for air. The electricity wouldn't stop. It burned him from the inside, flowing up and down his torso with overwhelming energy. His screams nearly damaged his throat from how loudly he shouted them. This was without doubt the most torturous feeling Frederick had ever experienced. Damien stopped and said:

"I won't kill you, not yet. Not until you tell who sent you. Who was it? The church? The guild? Answer me, and your death will be painless." Frederick remained silent and weakly aimed his gun at the man, prompting Damien to shock him again. "Tell me! I know who you are, Frederick Rockbottom. You're a metal manipulator that kills his enemies with projectiles! You'll find it futile to try your little trick on me!"

"Let's test that out, shall we?" Frederick aimed the gun again, and squeezed the trigger. It blew a hole on Damien's chest, forcing him to fall backwards. The assassin then stood up and limped towards Damien. "You should've killed me when you had the chance."

"B-but how?" Damien coughed up blood. "This is impossible! No magic should work in this nullfield."

"This is a weapon, just like your magi-tech. It doesn't use magic." Frederick grinned. "Oh, and Martin Field sends his regards."

The assassin then shot Damien again, ending his life.Orange leaves and fragile twigs littered the untouched soil, wrinkling under the weight of Jacob's boots. He had strayed from the main path at sunset, wandering aimlessly through the forest until he found himself completely lost. Jacob stopped. Ahead was a wide clearing bathed in the pail, faint light of twilight. He shivered, stepping into the middle of the clearing.

Jacob then dropped his backpack, approached a tree, and placed his hand on its bark. 

It was big, about fifty feet high, with many of its branches lacking foliage. The ones that did have leaves had them near the central trunk. They were bright red, almost like a bleeding core, surrounded by an outer shell of frail mustard ones that hadn't fallen off yet. It seemed this tree had suffered a lot throughout the years. Its trunk was scarred in a lot of segments, and though they had healed, their presence was obvious to anyone who bothered inspecting it. 

Jacob took a deep breath.

*"This seems as good a place as any"* he thought. *"There shouldn't be anyone nearby."*

The wind whispered in the background. He tensed up. A strange fragrance wafted trough the air.

"Bitter, with a soft, pleasant aftertaste" said an old woman. "Its a weird aroma, innit?"

Jacob slouched with his eyebrows raised in confusion. A gray haired lady stood in front of him, smiling warmly. She wore a green blouse, white pants, and a cream colored apron with a red-petal embroidered on its center. Jacob assumed she must have been beautiful when younger, since even in her wizened state, she carried herself with the grace and delicacy of a princess. He then straightened himself before saying:

"I beg your pardon? I uhh... don't follow..."

"The scent I'm brewing. I went for a walk outside while my tea cooled down, and it seems the smell's so strong, you can notice it from here! Care for a cup? I don't think I can drink it all by myself."

"N-no thanks, ma'am. I'm not really a *'tea'* guy..."

"Oh don't be silly. If you're not a *'tea guy'* then it's my duty to turn you into one. Living is all about new experiences!" She went up to him and pulled him away gently. "A young man such as yourself shouldn't deny himself the chance to try something new. Plus, have you seen how old I am? I could die soon! I haven't had anyone visit my shop in *years*, so please, grant this old broad her request."

-------------------------------------------------

Jacob had followed the lady into another clearing, this time filled with flowers, where in its center a small cottage stood. Inside, he smelled a mixture of scents that somehow relaxed his tense shoulders. Sweet, sour, and spicy, all at the same time. An aroma that perfectly complimented this cozy abode. The glow of the fireplace tinted everything in orange, giving the room a warm atmosphere while the crackling filled the silence. 

"Go ahead and sit, dear." The lady pointed at a wooden table in the middle. "I'll go get the tea."

Jacob nodded and sat, waiting a few seconds for her return. The lady set two white cups, serving the drink from a metallic kettle and sitting with her chin raised with confidence. She then said:

"This blend is a favorite of mine. You're gonna love it! I call it *Autumn's Second Wind*."

Jacob took a sip of his tea. He then squinted his eyes and said:

"It's so bitter!"

"I know, right?" She chuckled. "You're supposed to appreciate and reflect on the aftertaste, though."

Jacob smacked his tongue a few times. "I... I can't feel it..." He frowned. "*This* is why I don't drink tea. It's just boiled water!"

"I suppose it is... If you just look at the surface. Tea can only be enjoyed when you don't look for anything in it. *That's* when the taste comes out. Go ahead, try it again, but this time, don't expect it to be anything other than what it is. Boiled water."

Jacob leaned forward, sniffed above the cup, and took another sip. This time, instead of drinking it instantly, he let it rest in his mouth for a few seconds. It was bitter, much more bitter than the first sip, but after swallowing it, a very pleasant feeling flooded his taste buds. It was like kissing angel that left your tongue with a refreshing coat of mint. Jacob widened his eyes, leading the woman to say:

"See? I told you! You kids ought to listen to your elders more often. So, I don't mean to pry here, but what are you doing in the middle of these woods? There's no one nearby for miles!"

"I could ask you the same thing. Why would you open a shop where no one would come?"

The woman shrugged and said:

"I'm an anti-social business owner." She smirked. "I *like* people, just in small doses. The internet is a wonderful invention. I don't even have to see my customers anymore!" She giggled. "Now its your turn!"

"I was just..." Jacob glanced downwards. "...looking for the perfect tree to-"

"The perfect tree? Now that's just silly." She wagged her finger. "You're a very silly boy."

"Eh? Why?"

"There's no such thing as a perfect tree! They're all covered in scars, termites, and fungi. Heck, some of them *need* these things to thrive healthily. A perfect tree might just be the ugliest tree in existence!"

"No offense here lady, but you're not making any sense..."

She rolled her eyes. "Maybe I'm just senile here, but a tree without flaws would be repulsive to me." She blew a raspberry. "Yuck. I couldn't imagine a thing more lifeless and sterile than that. Why would I care about it? I can't relate to perfection! It's their flaws what makes each them unique. Their scars are what make them beautiful!"

"Well, yes, but the scars mean they suffered. How can there be beauty in suffering?"

The lady smiled weakly and said:

"There isn't. It's quite horrible, actually, but it is what it is." She sighed. "This reminds me of when I started drinking tea. I couldn't see the beauty in it. I burned myself more times than you can imagine, the taste was always weak, or offensive to the senses, and whenever I worked my ass off to brew some fancy leaves, I ended up screwing it up, to the point of killing its flavor. Still, little by little it got easier to make it, and my tea got better with time. Now," she leaned backwards, "I make a damn good brew, if I do say so myself. And *that's* how I found beauty in tea. It's a lot like life, really." She leaned forward. "You should stop looking for the perfect tree. You'll drive yourself mad when you don't find it."

Jacob gripped his cup tightly, doing his best to hold back his tears. Nodding slightly, he raised his cup and drank some more tea. It warmed his body and alleviated his anxiety, leaving him with a rejuvenating energy that touched his spirit. He then finished his drink, thanked the lady for her hospitality, and returned to the main forest path. As he saw the city lights in the horizon, he realized he was now a changed man. He wouldn't look for anything out of life, he would just enjoy it for what it is. Jacob then realized he was now... a *'tea guy'*.Doctor Gregory House limped along a hall of the Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital in his characteristically misanthropic demeanor, showing he was having a particularly *"okay"* day with his eternally furrowed brow. Popping open an orange bottle one-handed, he slammed his palm into his mouth and swallowed a pill, scowling once he saw the Dean of Medicine, Lisa Cuddy, turning the corner. *"That lying bastard"* thought Gregory, referring to his friend, Dr. Wilson, who had told him a few minutes prior that she was on the other side of the hospital.

"House!" shouted the commanding lady, "you can't keep avoiding me forever."

He grinned and turned around, stuffing the orange bottle into his jacket while limping in the opposite direction from her. The woman quickly caught up to him, walking by his side as she said:

"At first, I wondered what you did to piss off the British government when armed soldiers showed up in my office, but apparently they need you to help a man save the world."

"Save the world?" grunted House. "Last I checked we've been doomed since nukes were invented. Maybe stalling its inevitable destruction seems worthwhile to you, but Sisyphus I am not."

Lisa rolled her eyes and said:

"Look House, I know they look like common symptoms, but nothing seems to be working on him. I've been told he's a genius with a giant ego, so I figured you'd have fun meeting someone about as stubborn as you." 

"I can barely tolerate myself, Cuddy." House stopped in front of the elevator and pushed the button with his cane. "Do you really think I'm interested in meeting another me?"

"Oh I get it" said Cuddy with her arms wrapped around themselves. "You're just afraid he's smarter than you."

House raised his eyebrow and said:

"Is that a challenge?"

"It's not a challenge; It's a statement."

"Fine. I'll take the case, but if I solve it in fifteen minutes, I get off free clinic duty for a month."

"A week."

"Deal."

-----------------------------------

"So I've ruled out lupus..." Sherlock Holmes coughed coarsely. "...most autoimmune disorders, and the common cold. I must say, Watson, my illness is actually more intriguing than this current case of missing nuclear codes."

Watson sat on a chair on the other end of his hospital bed, hunched over with both hands clasped together. He raised his sunken head and said:

"How would you even know that, Holmes? Last I checked, you're a detective; not a doctor."

"Well for one..." he coughed again, "even though I'm fatigued, feverish, and generally sore, it's common knowledge that it's never lupus. And if it were any other autoimmune disorder, I'd have abnormal growths in my body or at least some tissue degeneration."

"And the common cold?"

"That was just me being cheeky, Watson. Honestly, I don't know why you look so worried. It's not like I'm dying or anything."

"That's the point, Holmes! We don't know that!" Watson stood up from his chair and walked towards the window. "You've been looking weak for weeks now and you collapsed in the middle of a case! Could you please take this more seriously? For my sanity at the very least?"

"You're acting even worse than that blonde Australian when I corrected him on his medical terminology. I don't get what the big fuzz is about, it's just one life."

"Yeah, *your* life! People wouldn't act so worried if you actually cared about it! Honestly, I don't even..."

Watson trailed off into his own thoughts, tired of repeating the same conversation with his old friend.

------------------
  
"Ahh another doctor" said Sherlock Holmes. "Could you please tell my friend over there that I'm not dying? He's acting more worried than a nagging housewife."

"Everyone's dying," said House as he limped towards him, "what you're asking is really a matter of *how fast* it's happening relative to every other human."

"Ha! I see we're going to get along quite nicely!" Sherlock chuckled and coughed. "Could you tell him I'm not about to die, then?"

House got out a pen-like flashlight and turned it on with a click to inspect his patient's eyes. Afterwards, the grumpy doctor pulled back Sherlock's head to look at it closely, tested his reflexes with a small hammer, and checked his breathing with a stethoscope. He then looked over his shoulder at the worried man behind him and said:

"I can say with some degree of certainty that your husband won't die in the next couple of hours. Could you give me a few minutes alone with him? Doctor-patient confidentiality, blah, blah, blah."

"What? No! Whatever you'll discuss, I'd probably know about it! I'm his primary physician!"

"Watson please," said Sherlock, "if you were half as good as he is then we wouldn't have needed to leave England, now would we? Go for a walk or something. Maybe act like a good spouse and fetch us some tea?"

Watson rolled his eyes and left the room, grunting to himself something about how the universe shouldn't be big enough for two egos of that size. Once the door was closed House turned his head at Sherlock, removing his stethoscope before he said:

"So, how long have you been off cocaine?"

--------------------------


John Watson stood in front of a vending machine waiting for his tea to be fully poured onto its cup. The hospital didn't seem particularly busy, though the general chatter of a public space filled the waiting room with its noise. Tuning out the sounds, the annoyed man took out his drink and turned around, walking as he thought:

*"A good spouse? I don't even know why I bother with him. Ever since he fell ill he's been more insufferable than-"*

Too busy with his inner monologue, Watson unknowingly bumped into a man and spilled the hot beverage on himself. He looked downwards at his mess, then upwards to notice he had stained a doctor's coat with a tag identifying his position as the head of oncology. Watson widened his eyes and said:

"My god, I apologize, sir. I wasn't paying attention. Too distracted thinking about my twat of a best friend to see where I'm going."

"No, no," replied Dr. James Wilson, "it was my fault. I was too busy reading this chart to look where I was going myself."

"Well this is a sight to behold. You're the first american to not give me a snarky reply ever since I got here! I'm really sorry for dirtying your clothes. Can I make it up to you with a cup of tea?"

The oncologist nodded gracefully with a smile, following Watson to the vending machine. After getting to know each other for a bit, they sat down together on a couch in the waiting room while Watson ranted about his relationship to Holmes. Taking a sip of his tea, Watson continued to say:

"I guess I'm tired of being there for him, only to get shit on for caring about him. I know he's my best friend. Hell, he'd probably overthrow an entire country for me! It's just that I can't shake the feeling that he's using me as a crutch to avoid his own problems. He makes me help him but acts like he hates it when I do it!"

Wilson chuckled and said:

"I can relate. My closest friend acts eerily similar to how you describe this Sherlock. He's an ego maniac, a drug addict, and an insufferable jerk. Still, while frustrating at times, I don't think I'll ever find a friend as loyal as him. In a world where friendship has lost its original meaning, losing him might be like throwing away an irreplaceable treasure. Like killing a brother that understands you better than anyone else."

"I know, doctor Wilson, I know. I'm... I'm just mad that I can't get back at him. Sure, I can outwit him once in a blue moon, but he's too clever to ever level the playing field. I can't tolerate such a one-sided power dynamic!"

"Have you ever heard of the myth of Sisyphus, doctor Watson?" Watson shook his head, prompting Wilson to continue. "Well, basically, he's this guy that was punished by the gods by being forced to roll an immense boulder up a hill, only to watch it roll back down, repeating this action for eternity. From his position, the only way he could rebel against the gods was by actually enjoying the task. You could pity him for being sentenced to something that horrible, but really, he got into that situation by his own doing. He could only piss off the god that cursed him by smiling all throughout his task, so in a way, he did gain power over his tormentor."

"So you're saying I'm trapped forever, like this Sisyphus?" Watson leaned back on the couch. "Well ain't that just grand. You're still right, though. I endure Sherlock because I choose to. The only way I can truly get back at him is by annoying him as much as possible with my caring."

The doctors smiled at each other and laughed, drinking their tea while finally talking about something other than their best friends.

----------------------

"I... don't see how my drug usage is related to my illness." Sherlock lowered his head and avoided eye contact with House for a few seconds. "I don't know if you've heard, but I'm pretty smart, doctor House. I think I'd know if I were going through cocaine withdrawal." 

"So you won't deny you've stopped doing nose candy?" House limped away from the bed, getting near the room's see-through walls to shut its curtains. Taking out his Vicodin bottle, he popped its lid open and swallowed a pill. "Look pal, I've been through tons of addicts while working the clinic. I can tell when a heavy user has stopped consuming. The only reason you can't see it, or admit it, is because it would also imply that your problem is as big as everyone says it is. Am I right?"

Sherlock remained silent for a few seconds before he nodded. The Englishman then said:

"I... I quit a few weeks ago because everyone wouldn't stop pestering me about it. I didn't tell anyone, though... But it can't be that! I work better when I'm allowed to get high every other day, but at some point, people's comments are more annoying than going without the drug itself. With how similar you and I seem to be, I can't help but feel you've been through the same thing."

"I'm not an addict, detective. I use drugs because I'm always in pain."

"Oh please, don't give me that. With a limp that severe, I'm guessing you're hooked on opiates. Are those pills Oxycodone? Vicodin? Surely you must know that the pain of withdrawal is worse than whatever chronic pain you suffer. Of course you're going to say you're always in pain!"

"Let's not make this about me." House dragged a chair next to Sherlock's bed and sat down. "You're the one lying in a hospital bed, not me. There's only one solution to this, Mr. Holmes. Ignore what everyone else says and keep doing your drugs. Their remarks are too hurtful? Well boo-freaking-hoo. If we're as similar as you say, then you should know by now that very few people understand what it's like to be a..."

House struggled with his next word, allowing Sherlock to say:

"High-functioning sociopath?"

"I was going to say something like freak-genius..." House smirked. "But that works better. People rely on us, Sherlock. They force us to be our normal, miserable selves and at the same time expect us to change what makes us... Well, us. It's our burden to be isolated, or misunderstood. I frankly can't imagine how someone would handle our pressures without resorting to some sort of escapism. Just don't be an idiot and take tolerance breaks whenever you feel too needy. Normal people don't have the level of awareness we have, but a man as brilliant as you should be capable of handling his vices."

"You have got to be the most unorthodox doctor I've ever met..." Holmes paused for a second. "And I work with an adrenaline-hooked field medic! Still, I can't help but feel like we're kindred spirits somehow. Have you ever thought about being a detective? It's fun work."

"The only mysteries I'm interested in are medical and Scooby-Doo related. Thanks for the offer, though." House got out his pill bottle and gestured it towards Holmes. "Vicodin?"

"Nah" replied Sherlock. "I'd rather you score me some coke. This is a hospital, right? There should be some high-grade stuff around here for anesthetic use."

House laughed and got up, telling the man he'd see what he could do as he left the room in search of someone that could take the fall for his future cocaine theft.

---------------------------------

Two days later, House enjoyed the high of a Vicodin he had just swallowed with his legs resting on his desk and his hands behind his back. Cuddy then entered his office and threw a newspaper on his desk. The diagnostician widened his eyes with curiosity, reading the headline before he said: 

"Genius Brit Detective Prevents Nuclear Holocaust, huh?"

"And it's all thanks to you, House. At the risk of over-inflating your gigantic ego, I have to say, good job. No one else would have gotten through to that detective. I don't know why you're here though, you still have clinic duty today."

"What?!?" He threw his feet at the ground with a scowl. "I diagnosed him as soon as I read his chart! I didn't even need five minutes to confirm his condition!"

"That might be true, but unless you're willing to explain why the doctor I can stand the least in this hospital..." Cuddy stopped abruptly before resuming. "...second to you that is, was arrested this morning for stealing medical grade cocaine from us, I'd suggest you get off your high-ass and get to the clinic, *now*."

"Oh come on, everyone knew he was a two-timing cokehead. No one liked him and he was bound to do it eventually!" Cuddy furrowed her brow and tapped her feet on the ground, forcing House to stand up.  "Ok, ok, I'll be on my way. But next time you ask me to save the world, I'll  blast R.E.M.'s *It's the End of the World* on my headphones and ignore you."


[The End]Leo wasn't enthusiastic about his first time on a steam train until Roulettenburg's iconic aurora turned the night sky pink. 

In fact, since he was near the back end of the train, it had been a very uncomfortable experience up until then, with faulty heating, rude company, and out of service bathrooms all throughout his two-week journey. Everyone in his village was envious of him, even though Leo couldn't understand why. Yes, not many commoners got to legally travel out of the empire, but they weren’t the ones who had to slog through four different countries, instead of using a shorter direct route, just because their patron felt like saving a minuscule amount of money. 

It should be noted that, despite his foul mood, Leo wasn't actually bothered by the unpleasant conditions he had endured, or the unnecessary waste of his time, or even the inconvenience of his sudden departure from home. What really got to him was the loneliness of this excursion. The fact that he wasn't able to share these memories with the one person he wanted at his side, all because a fickle, cheap bastard decided it was better for Leo to travel alone. Still, as soon as the locomotive exited the tunnel and swerved near the edge of a snowy crag, Leo completely forgot about his misery, noticing an unusual event outside his window. 

With an intensity far beyond what the young man expected, the firmament grew increasingly bright and magenta, dyeing the interior of his wooden coach with a soft pale-red hue. Leo stood up and adjusted his glasses, gaping at the sight. The stars themselves were slowly obscured, swallowed by the radiance of the city. Further ahead stood a metallic bridge with an arch-shaped superstructure, spanning a large chasm below. Its design was marvelous, decorated with carvings of six-sided dice along the arch and held together by a web of cables on both sides of the track. The city resided behind the mountain range on the other side of the bridge, so it would take some more time before it could be seen from the train. Regardless of this, the fact that Roulettenburg's glow was noticeable from this distance left Leo stunned. Even the frozen peaks around them were transformed by this light, fooling the eyes into seeing the mountains as if they were made out of cotton candy or cherry blossoms, a landscape straight out of a fairy tale. 

Leo sat back down on his cushioned seat, frozen in disbelief. It seemed the scale and majesty of the famed 'Gambler’s Moon' wasn’t exaggerated in any of the stories. If anything, it was downplayed immensely. 

Across from Leo sat an old, bearded man, who gave him a knowing smile. It was Theodore Astley, a gentleman that wore a gray suit, a matching top hat, and a brown vest with a purple bow tie. Leo had only met him on the last train station they stopped at, but found him to be a pleasant companion after being forced to share a compartment with him for eight hours. Though he and Mister Astley had exchanged a few words, mostly about current international news, Theodore was amicable and polite whenever he spoke, like a highly educated and well-traveled individual. Quite unlike almost every other person Leo had encountered so far.

“Cherish this moment” Mister Astley said, with his deep, gravelly voice. “There are few sights in this world as breathtaking as Roulettenburg at night, and experiencing it for the first time…” He trailed off for a second, tightening his face with brief melancholy. “Well, young man, let’s just say it is a memory you will treasure for the rest of your life.” He smirked. “You can bet on it.”

Leo nodded, still entranced by the view. “So this isn’t your first time here?”

“I’ve been in and out of Roulettenburg all my life, but I’m returning now for the first time in twenty years.”

Leo turned his head. “Really?”

“Do I look like a liar?”

“N-no. I apologize, sir. I’m just surprised, is all.”

“Oh? And why is that?”

“Well, you know…”

“Yes…?”

“I just assumed you weren’t…” Leo swallowed. “...rich.”

Mister Astley frowned.

The young man shrunk in his seat.

A heavy silence lingered in the air until Theodore smiled and broke into a long fit of laughter. Leo wrinkled his nose, perplexed. What was so funny about that? Mister Astley let out a satisfied sigh, wiped a tear off his eye, and said:

“Fair enough, fair enough. I suppose I can’t blame you for that. I’m curious, though. What made you think this?”

“I mean, you wouldn’t be in this cart if you were nobility, right? You’d be in your own private quarters, mingling with all the other rich folk in the front of the train.”

“Maybe I just hate that type of company. The wealthy tend to act blasé around each other when they’re sober, always putting up appearances and playing it safe. They’re no fun like that.”

“That’s true, but you still don’t act like a noble.”

Mister Astley arched an eyebrow. “Meaning?”

“Your attitude, sir. You dress like an aristocrat, and you certainly have the poise and vocabulary of one, but you also have the one thing they never have. You possess self-awareness, Mister Astley. A noble-born man has never addressed me as an equal before. It’s like they come from a separate, higher plane of existence than mine, unable to comprehend a commoner’s frame of reference. I never felt that way around you in this entire trip.”

Mister Astley seemed thoughtful for a moment, stroking his beard. “I take it you’ve been around a lot of nobility before?”

“Unfortunately, yes.”

“I see.” Mister Astley nodded to himself. “A young man heads to Roulettenburg for the first time after saving enough money to buy an entrance crest, full of ambition and the hope that he will become, overnight, as rich as those he resents. It’s a story as old as the city itself. Heck, I lived it myself.”

Leo chuckled. “I’m afraid you're mistaken, I have no intention of becoming rich. I’m just heading to Roulettenburg because my patrons are paying for it.”

Mister Astley narrowed his eyes. “Patrons?”

“I’m a private tutor for a family. They’re going to live in the city for the time being.” 

“Ah, that makes more sense.” Mister Astley relaxed. “For a moment there, I thought we were competing.”

“Beg your pardon?”

“Professional gambling. When you mentioned patrons, I thought you meant you were going to gamble someone else’s money for them during the festival.”

“Oh heavens no; I don’t gamble.”

“Don’t gamble?” Mister Astley leaned forward, concerned. “Leo, you do know where we are headed, right?”

“I think so? My temper just isn’t suitable for gambling. I uhh… My emotions run wild whenever anything is on the line and it ruins the enjoyment for me.”

Mister Astley blinked a few times, processing what he heard. “Are you mad? You can’t go to Roulettenburg if you don’t gamble!”

“But there’s no crime in Roulettenburg. I shouldn’t be in any danger, right? The crests ensure that.”

Mister Astley shook his head. “When all conflict is solved through betting, knowing how to gamble is key to your survival. It’s basic self-defense. More to the point, you hear all the time about how there’s no crime in Roulettenburg, and it’s true, to a certain extent, but criminals don’t just vanish as soon as they enter the city. You can still be dishonest, browbeat, and take advantage of the naive. The crests just prevent theft and physical violence, nothing more. Crime isn’t non-existent, it’s just more creative in Roulettenburg. Tell me, what will you do if you’re challenged to a game?”

“I’ll refuse. I have three chances, don’t I?”

“And what if you’ve already used up two of your chances? Are your patrons so generous that they’ll buy you another crest? Do you think they would tolerate that expense?”

Leo looked away. “They wouldn’t.”

“Exactly. It’d be cheaper to just hire another tutor. Hopefully, a wiser one.”

“Then, if I’m ever in that situation, I’ll just play. It’s not like I have much to lose.”

Mister Astley widened his eyes. “No Leo, that’s an even more dangerous attitude. It’s how people end up as indentured slaves! I saw it all the time back in the day. A person liberally uses up their first two refusal chances and finds themself targeted by a shark. The shark then makes an outrageous bet that no one in their right mind would take, except for the desperate person that can’t afford to leave the city anymore. And guess what? The desperate person usually loses because people under pressure tend to make poor decisions. It’s serious business!” He sighed and fixed his bowtie. “I’m… I’m sorry if I’m being brusque, Leo, but I’m afraid I must insist on this. I can’t let you go without at least teaching you the basics. My conscience won’t allow it.”

Leo furrowed his brow. “Basics? It’s gambling. Doesn’t it all boil down to luck?”

Mister Astley slumped forward, disappointed. “I can’t believe I’m hearing this.” He stood up, grabbed his briefcase out of the luggage compartment, and stuffed his hand in one of its side pockets. “It’s not about being randomly lucky, it’s about optimal decision-making, choosing the play with the highest probability of success and limiting your opponent’s actions.” He pulled out a thin deck of cards and sat down. “Of course, your adversary will be doing the same, which is where the beauty comes from. While it’s true you might run hot once in a hundred nights due to good fortune, the rest of the time, you’re outwitting your opponent.” He started shuffling the cards. “You’ll find this to be true in even the most simple of games. Are you familiar with ‘Cat, Mouse, and Dog’?”

Leo nodded.

“Good” said Mister Astley. “We’ll be playing it for your lesson. Now what’s your bet?”

“Come again?”

“Your wager, Leo. I can’t teach you about gambling if you’re not risking anything.”

Leo frowned. “Why can’t we just play for fun?”

“You seem to misunderstand. Playing without stakes is a completely different endeavor from gambling. You wouldn’t understand the lesson otherwise.”

“I haven’t even agreed to this lesson!”

Mister Astley raised his eyebrows, playfully offended. “I didn’t realize my help wasn’t appreciated.”

“That’s not what-”

“I know, I know, I was merely joking. You’re free to refuse, of course. Cowardly, but understandable.”

“Fine” said Leo. “Twenty imperial aegis. Nothing more.”

Mister Astley scoffed. “That’s barely enough for a decent meal. Surely you aren’t traveling with so little money, right?”

“Of course not, but I can’t afford to lose more.”

“And that’s precisely why it’s not sufficient.”

“But you’re a professional, are you not? Isn’t it likely that you’re going to win?”

“Yes, very.”

“Then why would I willingly take a bet I’m probably going to lose?” 

“For a simple reason, Leo. Ask yourself, do you honestly believe the risk of losing a few bills outweighs the benefits of my potentially life-changing lesson?”

Leo uncomfortably shifted his weight. He only had eighty aegis to his name and he wouldn’t receive his next tutoring stipend until the end of the week. Sure, his patrons were going to cover his dinner expenses for as long as they stayed in Roulettenburg, but that still left him responsible for acquiring his own breakfast and lunch. If he didn’t manage his money carefully, he would have to skip a few meals. Leo bit his upper lip. Then again, he could always ask for an advance if he lost this game. It wasn’t an unreasonable request. 

Yeah… no. On second thought, that was a terrible idea. The General was always caught up in some financial trouble or other no matter the occasion. He would never approve an advance. 

This was shaping up to be a bad deal, and yet… Leo hesitated to refuse. Mister Astley was right. Leo didn’t know the first thing about gambling and it could easily cost him dearly if he wasn’t careful. Also, even if Mister Astley’s knowledge wasn't useful, this could be a good opportunity to acquire some extra spending money. Roulettenburg wasn’t only about gambling and streaming. It was a city with half a millennia of history behind it, with legendary art exhibitions, famous hot springs, and the greatest marketplace in the continent, a gigantic bazaar where everything, even the rarest of books or wines, was sold to the highest bidder, no matter their lineage. 

All of these activities required money, which Leo couldn’t afford to waste because of his tight budget. If, however, he had a few more aegis in his pocket, he might actually get to enjoy this trip, instead of being locked away wherever his patrons are staying.

“Sixty aegis” said Leo. “That’s what I charge for a single tutoring session. Since this is supposed to be a lesson, I think this amount is fair.”

“How... fair. I love it!” He narrowed his eyes. “We need a table, though.” He stood up, pulled out his luggage, and stacked his briefcase on top of it, turning it into a surprisingly sturdy structure despite the constant movement of the train. “That ought to do it. Shall we begin?”

As soon as Mister Astley dealt the first hand, Leo hunched over his cards and began to contemplate his first move. He’d never really thought that deeply about Cat, Mouse, and Dog before this moment. It was a relatively simple game that only required nine cards to play, three of every animal in the name. Cat cards beat mouse cards, mice beat dogs, and dogs beat cats. After shuffling the deck, each player was dealt a three card hand and had to pick one of them to clash with the opponent. When the outcome of the first clash is determined, the two played cards are discarded and both players draw a card from the remaining deck. The players then keep clashing until their hands are empty, leaving only one card left in the deck. In the case of a tie, neither player receives a round win. The first player to win three clashes wins the game. If the players run out of cards, all the discarded cards are shuffled, along with the one unused card, to create a new deck and a three card hand is again dealt to both players. This process is repeated indefinitely until a victor emerges, but, most of the time, games were over after one or two cycles. 

Leo pursed his lips. Two mice and a cat. A normal hand. Should he play the cat and save the pair of mice for later? Did it even matter? It was the first clash, the moment where the players have as little information as possible about each other. The result would be random no matter which card he chose. 

Was Mister Astley thinking hard about this too? Leo looked at his opponent. Mister Astley played a card facedown and leaned back on his seat, almost scowling but not quite. The old gentleman’s body language was now overtly defensive. His muscles were stiff, his legs were crossed, and his warm, friendly resting face had transformed into a hardened, calculating glare. 

Leo jerked his head back at his cards to avoid staring. That sudden change in demeanor made him feel weird, and the fact that Mister Astley had made a quick choice only exacerbated this emotion. 

“It’s bad manners to waste your opponent’s time, Leo.”

“S-sorry.” 

A mouse. Leo had to play a mouse. Out of all the card types, dog was the most likely to be in Mister Astley's hand. If Leo played a cat, he’d be asking to lose or tie, with only a one in six chance of actually succeeding. He took a deep breath and placed a mouse card facedown. It was the play with the best odds. 

Mister Astley tilted his head, silently asking if Leo had made his choice.

Leo nodded.

Both players then grabbed their chosen card and flipped them on the makeshift table. In that very moment, the train entered the bridge, causing the outer light to rapidly flicker as it shone through the beams that composed its walls. Leo squinted. Mister Astley had played a dog. 

Leo loosened his shoulders when he realized he won the clash, then clenched his jaw, suppressing a gasp. 

There was a complete stranger in front of him, like a malevolent spirit had possessed Mister Astley with terrifying speed. The shadows on his wrinkled face varied wildly in harshness due to the shifting light, his presence growing more alien and hostile despite his unyielding silence. Leo drew his card to move things along. Another cat. He couldn’t make eye contact with Mister Astley anymore. For some strange reason, the mere thought of it quickened his pulse. Leo started twirling a long strand of hair around his index finger, mouthing gibberish to himself without actually speaking. This time there was a fifty percent chance of Mister Astley playing a dog, but that didn’t take into account this wasn’t a random choice anymore. It all boiled down to whether or not Mister Astley was the type of person who would dare play the same card twice in a row, be it out of habit or as a challenge to Leo’s character. 

Leo gripped his cards tighter. There was also another problem. If he played his last mouse, he’d be locked into playing cat on the next two clashes. If Mister Astley saved the last two dogs and played either the remaining cat or mouse, the game could be over before they reshuffled the deck, or end up two to one in the old gambler’s favor. 

Mister Astley cleared his throat.

Leo flinched. Mister Astley had already played a card. When did he do that? His irritation was palpable. Leo grit his teeth. If Mister Astley wanted a quick game, then he shouldn’t have forced Leo to stake so much. 

Why hadn’t Mister Astley taught him anything yet? Was he offended by his earlier comment? Unlikely. The more Leo thought about it, the less he doubted it was all part of the lesson. Mister Astley did say people under pressure made bad decisions. 

An intrusive aura of malice saturated the room with its crushing weight, seeping outwards from Mister Astley and crawling all over Leo’s skin. This is exactly what Leo hated the most about gambling. The anxiety it awoke in him was crippling, painful even. It made him feel like a child again, hoping for some higher power, like fate or an authority figure, to suddenly interject and protect him from harm. 

It was too late for regrets now. It wasn’t just his money at stake; his honor was on the line too. He wasn’t going to starve this week. Never again. The young man was almost convinced that Mister Astley would play dog. It’d be the easiest way to mess with Leo’s head. 

Leo played his last mouse, feigning confidence. 

They flipped the cards as the train sped out of the bridge.

Mister Astley lost again.

Leo smiled, swelling with pride. “So far, my opinion remains unchanged, Mister Astley. I’ve been guessing this whole time... Is this really the extent of a professional gambler’s skill?”

This was Leo’s opportunity! If Mister Astley wanted to play mind games then so be it, Leo would wasn’t above them either. In other circumstances he’d be horrified at how blunt he was being, but formality and politeness needed to be thrown away for the sake of winning this mental duel.

“I agree.” Mister Astley sighed. “I suppose it is time I started playing seriously.”

“Please, I won’t fall for tha-”

The temperature fell drastically.

Leo shivered, confused. That… had to be a coincidence, right?

Mister Astley cracked his neck and stretched his back while casually saying:

“I have a cat and a dog left. Shuffle and deal for me, will ya’?”

“What?”

“You have two cats, don’t you? It’s not like you have any choices left.”

Leo widened his eyes. “How…”

“Don’t feel bad ol’ sport. You reacted admirably to my pressure.”

“Don’t… don’t patronize me!”

“I wouldn’t dream of it.”

“I said stop it!”

“Stop what?”

“It’s obvious you’re cheating, don’t play coy with me.”

Mister Astley cackled. “Am I now? That’s quite the claim.” 

“Then what other explanation is there?”

The old gambler grinned and his eyes shimmered yellow. Leo shook his head. Mister Astley’s eyes were normal. Did they really glow? No. Impossible. It was obviously a trick caused by the weird lighting. 

“Normally, the burden of proof lies on the accuser.”

“In a court of law! I will not sit here and be swindled like a fool when you could be tricking me in a million different ways.”

“How so?”

“Well, for example, the cards could be marked.”

“You’re free to inspect them as much as you want.”

“That’s not the point! They could be marked in such a subtle way that only you would be able to identify them. Or… or you could’ve used sleight of hand to stack the deck! There are too many methods available at your disposal and I’m not afraid to admit I’m too inexperienced to know any better.”

“Fine, fine. If you believe the integrity of this lesson has been compromised then let’s cancel the bet and stop playing.” 

“Just like that?”

Mister Astley nodded. “Simple as that.” He stood up to gather his cards. “Won’t deny I’m saddened by this outcome, though. I suppose we both ended up unimpressed by each other.”

Leo grabbed his wrist. “I didn’t say I want to quit.”

“You don’t?”

Leo paused. What was he saying? This was his way out. He knew from the start that taking this bet was a mistake. Why would he put himself through more of this torture? Still, when he tried to let go of Mister Astley’s wrist, an unfamiliar, almost primordial instinct urged him to reconsider the current game state. 

The cards weren’t marked. Or, to be more precise, the probability of this being the case was incredibly low. Why would Mister Astley play his cards before Leo if he could just wait until he knew which card he had to beat? As for stacking the deck, while it could certainly give Mister Astley an advantage, it wasn’t relevant anymore now that it was Leo’s turn to shuffle the deck. It’d be foolish to throw away this opportunity. Especially since Leo was in the lead. He couldn’t believe he almost forgot that detail. Was that Mister Astley’s plan? To slowly manipulate Leo into ignoring the fact that he was actually winning just to get out of this bet? It didn’t matter. All Leo had to do was avoid losing twice. One more lucky guess and he’d be the victor. 

Leo released Mister Astley from his grip, saying:

“I… apologize for challenging your character. I’d like to continue the game, if that’s alright with you.”

“Very well, then.” Mister Astley sat down, straightening his sleeve. “Let us continue.” He glared. “I will warn you though, I won’t tolerate any complaining after the game is concluded. If you’re not willing to part with your money gracefully, I’d rather not play at all.”

“Y-yes, I understand.”

Leo shuffled the deck in silence, allowing the whirr of the train to fill the void, and, after dealing the cards, looked at his hand. A mouse and two dogs. Only two options with this hand, but that didn’t stop Leo from ruminating. Two mice, three cats, and one dog remained unseen. Playing mouse seemed like a terrible decision since it meant a five in six chance of tying or losing. Dog was definitely the obvious pick but, before Leo could play one of them, another foreboding chill stopped him from committing to it.

Mister Astley was… open and relaxed, sporting the polite, innocent smile Leo was accustomed to during the trip. Somehow, this smile was even more intimidating than when the gentleman was simply serious. Much like the warface of a hardened veteran or a predator about to lunge at its prey, it was a well-honed, practiced expression that only got more unnerving the longer it lasted. 

Leo breathed into his hands to warm them.

Mister Astley gently set his card on the briefcase. He wasn’t rushing Leo anymore. In fact, he seemed more than content waiting for the young man to make up his mind. Another blatant mind game. Leo didn’t doubt it for a second… so why was he letting it interfere with his train of thought? 

Maybe playing mouse wasn’t such a bad idea. Given that he already had two of the three dogs, it was the most useless card in his hand. 

Mister Astley chuckled under his breath. “Since you’re so keen on gambling being all about luck, why don’t we come to an agreement on the matter by putting it to the test?”

Leo did his best to ignore Mister Astley. Whatever he had to say right now was at best a distraction. Two dogs and a mouse. In a way, it was the same kind of hand Leo had at the beginning of the game.

“The problem is,” continued Miser Astley, “if I were to correctly predict the outcome of this clash, you would immediately assume I’m cheating somehow, right?”

“I suppose so, yes.”

Leo had played one of two mice over a cat last time he was faced with this decision. What was stopping him from playing the same way he did before?

“That’s why I’m making my prediction *before* you make your choice, Leo. That way, the more you mull it over, the less you will argue when this clash ends in a tie.”

Leo blinked. Did Mister Astley really just do that? No, it was just a trick! He had nothing to lose and everything to gain by making a bold claim like that. Why would he knowingly tie when he could just win?

Leo played his mouse facedown.

“We’ll flip them on go” said Mister Astley. “Ready?”

“Yes.”

“Go!”

It was a tie.

Leo’s face fell. He couldn’t think of a single way Mister Astley could’ve pulled it off, other than sheer luck. Was that really his whole point? It was absurd! Completely…

“Insane?” said Mister Astley, with bone-chilling glee.

Leo jumped to his feet. "Get out of my head you... you monster!” 

Mister Astley smiled. “I’ll have you know I’m a demon, not a monster.” 

“I don’t see the bloody difference!”

“A monster is a savage beast that stops when its hunger is satiated. A demon is a calculating force of nature that doesn’t relent until it owns your soul.” Mister Astley drew his card and motioned Leo to do so as well. “May we please finish the game already? We’re almost at the city.”

Were they? The game had demanded all of Leo’s attention. He hadn’t noticed that the sky was even brighter now, with a reddish-purple aurora that pulsed and shifted away from the city’s general direction. Leo snapped out of his brief stun, grasping at the deck but failing to draw a card. His hands were shaking too much. At first he thought it was just the cold, but then it dawned on him it was a symptom of something far more dangerous.

“Leo, if you don’t draw your card soon, I’ll take it as a signal that you’re giving up.”

Leo needed to compose himself. Fear was the ultimate mind-killer. The second he allowed it to take over, the game would be lost. Leo brushed his hair backwards, sat down, and relaxed his stiff neck. Finally, he drew his card, a cat. 

The unknown cards were one mouse, two cats, and one dog.

“I’ll spare you the time thinking about it, you’re not going to win this clash either, no matter what you pick. I guarantee it, one-hundred percent.”

If Leo played dog, he had a seventy-five percent chance of either winning or tying. There wasn’t really a choice here, even if his gut told him to do the unexpected play and choose cat.

Mister Astley slammed his card on the briefcase. Leo decided to play a dog, closing his eyes before setting his card. He then pried open one of his eyelids, only to see Mister Astley had played another mouse.

Leo stared vacantly at the cards with lightheadedness. 

The game was tied now. Leo had to focus on not losing here. He was so close! He had to focus! 

Would he be able to function this week? No. He would be hungry all day, from dawn till dusk. And what if he fainted during one of his tutoring sessions? The general wouldn’t tolerate it. He’d just call Leo a feeble academic again and go into another embellished story of his escapades during the war. Could this stupid bet ultimately cost him his job? Of course it could! The general would have no qualms over firing Leo if he couldn’t fulfill his duties, not even if Renae tried her best to dissuade him. Leo would have to go back to his village a failure. Face his parents and tell them he gambled away the only job he was competent at. All that studying and hard work, wasted in the flip of a card.

Leo dizzied himself even more after a series of quick, shallow breaths.

There wasn’t anything he could do. Unless… 

Leo glanced at the door. It’s not like he and Mister Astley had a legally-binding agreement. Leo pursed his lips. No, it wasn’t the chivalrous thing to do. This loss was just what Leo needed to reaffirm why he should avoid gambling as much as possible. 

The train picked up speed when they reached an incline. They were finally descending the mountain range. 

Cat or dog. It all boiled down to that choice. Two cats and a dog unknown. Did it even matter anymore? If Mister Astley had two cats, the game would already be over. That meant he had the same hand as Leo. Unless Mister Astley decided to throw away the game, he would most definitely play dog too, which would force two ties and a third cycle to start. Leo wasn’t going to survive another cycle. It was clear by now Mister Astley had complete control of the situation.

The horizon opened up as the train swayed right.

Leo was on the verge of playing cat, just to stop this twisted game from continuing any further.

And then Roulettenburg became visible. 

Nestled between the base of several mountains and the vast plains of Reveillark were more than a hundred-thousand buildings, some huge with colorful spirals for roofs and full to the brim with people, all protected by a dome of hardened, yet translucent, purple light that enveloped the entire city. The legendary Veil of Fortuna, an impenetrable energy barrier said to be created by Lady Luck herself at the founding of Roulettenburg. At its zenith, in the very heart of the city, hovered the Gambler’s Moon, a colossal pink gemstone responsible for powering the veil and enforcing the laws of this place.

Despite preparing himself for it, Leo was still overwhelmed by the scale of it all. An imperfect, coarse sphere that never moved or stopped glowing, looming over a city divided by seven rivers. These rivers emanated from different mountains and never merged with each other, but made the surrounding farmland an extremely fertile ground, home to a diverse set of flora and fauna that could only exist under this moon’s light. One flower variation in particular thrived extremely well in this environment because of a special type of chlorophyll that glowed neon bright at night. Eventually, it became a dominant trait in the population, which created a giant rainbow-colored field of neo-flowers that surrounded the non-mountainous side of the city, going on for miles until the moonlight didn’t reach. 

Leo had grown up thinking he’d never see a place as historic and sublime as Roulettenburg, let alone that he would live in it for a while. Ironically enough, it hadn't become apparent until that moment just how lucky he was to be able to enjoy this experience. A true meritocracy, where only those who swear an oath to the Gambler’s Moon can walk through the veil and are forced to play by its seven rules for as long as they’re in the city.

As the train descended the mountainside more and more, the temperature rose in the carriage. Why did Leo assume he had already lost? He removed his suit jacket, loosened his tie, and rolled up his sleeves. The game was his for the taking.

Leo played dog facedown. 

Mister Astley played his card, revealing a tie. “You finally get it, don’t you?”

“Yes, I… think I do.” Leo showed his cat. “It wasn’t a malevolent or condescending smile. Your strength comes from your genuine enjoyment.”

“Quite perceptive of you, yes.” Mister Astley did a small bow, tipping his hat and setting it aside. “Though I’ll admit I’m guilty of making you think otherwise.”

Leo giggled. “I’d be disappointed if you weren’t. It’s your profession after all. I also understand why people gamble now. The anticipation, the pressure, the power dynamic...”

Mister Astley started shuffling the deck. “Fun, isn’t it?”

“It sure isn’t boring! I’ll give you that much.”

Mister Astley finished dealing the cards and Leo glanced at his hand. As long as there was a chance of victory, Leo would do everything in his power to maximize his odds. Like before, Mister Astley set his card first, but the young man already knew what he was going to play. Leo’s heart pounded with excitement. What would he find in this city? Legends often spoke of great men who entered Roulettenburg at their lowest and left it with more power than anyone could imagine. Not just with immense amounts money, but with enough knowledge and wisdom to bring an entire kingdom to its knees. There were also a lot more stories of people who were consumed by this city while chasing their dreams, left a wandering husk of what they used to be after losing everything they cherished. Was there anything in this world worth that risk? 

Of course there was! 

Leo had just realized the tremendous opportunity ahead of him. Back in the Catherinian Empire, he was a lowly commoner who couldn’t even have ambitions other than those permitted by the imperial court. His life wasn’t his own, his body and soul belonged to the empire and church, respectively. Perhaps here, in Roulettenburg, he could aspire to be worth more than he was originally led to believe. Maybe, just maybe, Leo would be able to do what he thought impossible back home and finally win over the heart of the one he loved the most, without the fear of imprisonment or execution holding him back. 

Leo placed a cat face down. He was oddly calm about the whole ordeal. As he flipped his card over, the thing on his mind wasn’t the fear of losing or the prospect of success, only the famous last verse of the Oath of Roulettenburg rung in his head. 


May the best players always find shelter under the veil of luck, and may fortune favor equally both sinner and saint.A delicate hand grasped my shoulder and pushed downwards with authoritative strength. It wasn't hostile or threatening. No, it was just strong enough to keep me where I sat. As far as hands go, it was flawless. Not a wrinkle or unsightly vein could be spotted on it, but the dichotomy of its beauty and strength sent a shiver down my spine. Whoever was behind me was dangerous. Not only did they break into my home while I was alone, not only did they remain completely silent before approaching me, as if these things weren't enough cause for alarm. No, the being behind me didn't feel the need to exert any more energy than it was using right now. It was confident and powerful. Prideful, even. 

I had a pretty good idea of who was behind me now. If I wanted to live, the best course of action was to not move a single muscle.

"Huh... you're real. So, are you here to tempt me with pleasure beyond my wildest dreams in exchange for my sinning? Or are you trying to win a bet again?"

"Those two aren't mutually exclusive, but no, I'm here on a more personal matter."

It's voice was disarming, but cold and distant. Slightly adversarial, but in a non-threatening way. I couldn't turn around, so I took a deep breath and said:

"Of course, oh mighty prince of darkness, I shouldn't have assumed. What can I do for you? I know I got those second-graders to chant your name in Latin a few years ago, and I hope I'm not offending you here, but I kinda did that because it was funny. I wasn't trying to worship you or anything. If you need a loyal servant though, I know a few people who would be fine with slaughtering in your name. I'm... I'm not your guy. Sorry."

"No, no, you misunderstand my intentions. Look, we need to talk about you putting me in every Writing Prompt..."

I squinted my eyes tightly out of sheer reflex. I was expecting something more... sinister. I then nodded to myself. This was absurd enough for me to not question it. I had to go along with it, mostly because I was curious to where this led. 

"You're aware of my stories, then?"

"Yes, and I want you to stop."

"Oh come on! Those are some of my most popular stories! I kinda have a knack for writing about you."

"I noticed. Please stop."

I remained silent for a few seconds, contemplating his request. If a mythological figure appears out of nowhere behind you to talk about your stories, you've got to be doing *something* right as a writer. I hummed as low as I could. If my stories were egregiously offensive to his character, I'm sure he would've just killed me right now. Unless he wanted me alive, for some reason. 

"Do you mind I ask why?"

"Really?" I detected a hint of exasperated disbelief in his tone. ""

"It was a sweet story! It got like two hundred upvotes! Wait a second..." I pursed my lips before grinning. "So you're saying you actually did that?"

"W-what? No! I am thousands of years old! I am a concept that transcends cultures, realities, and time periods! Humans have feared my name for as long as they've had knowledge of good and evil! Why would I want to help kids during Christmas?!?"

"Because you're not as much of a rebel as you think you are...? I mean, I think you're giving yourself too much credit here. Didn't you say that everything you did was God's will because he created you like this?"

I felt his hand clutch my shoulder with immense power. A sharp pain ran through my arm before going numb. It got cold. Too cold. I could literally feel the heat pouring out of my body as he increased his grip. I couldn't help but panic. My abdomen tensed and my heart beat quickened erratically. Stuttering, I then spat out:

"W-wait! If... if you're like I think you are, then you're only proving my point here!"

No response. My blood veins were freezing solid. The cold crawled through my neck, nearly reaching my temples. I was going to die. I had to do something. 

If my stories were getting to him, it's because they were true. I knew Lucifer like the back of my hand. Or so I thought. At least enough to get his attention. If I couldn't come up with something that could reach him, then I really didn't deserve to talk about him like I did. 

My eyes widened with hope. I had something. I took a deep breath and shouted:

"IF YOU KILL ME, YOU'LL NEVER SURPASS YOUR FATHER! YOU'LL STAY THE SAME SPOILED BRAT YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN!"

The cold stopped. Warmth returned to my limbs, slowly but surely. Did I do it? Or did I just piss him off more?

"**I know that!**"

He released his grip on me, and I heard him take a few steps back. I had to turn around now. I had to face him. 

My jaw dropped when I saw his appearance. It was beyond any beauty you could imagine. His wings, though folded at the moment, could cover my entire room when spread. His hair was somewhat long, but not to the point where it was unkempt. His eyes were striking, but his gaze was soft, melancholic. More importantly, he seemed... abashed. I finally understood what was going on.

He was ashamed. He was trying to better himself, trying to surpass his own creator, but he wasn't there yet. Every story I wrote of him only highlighted what he perceived as a weakness of his. He didn't care that people didn't see it that way. He hated my stories, because it reminded him of how much he hated himself. How much he hated life and existence in general. The paradox of his nature, both stubbornly refusing to die and hating every minute he spent in God's creation. I actually felt bad for him, and there wasn't a thing more insulting than that in his eyes.

"I'm sorry," I said. "If you want, I'll stop."

"You don't get it." Lucifer shook his head. "You'll never stop. You're doing it right now, though this version of you isn't aware of it. For every you I kill, for every version that stops writing about me, an infinity more will keep writing about what I do. Not to mention all the other writers who keep using my name. *This* is actually a story right now. That's the nature of reality for us concepts. A continuous narrative that mutates but never ends."

"That's above my pay grade... Metaphysics isn't really my thing..."

"I know, this is mostly for the audience out there. Please stop upvoting my prompts. I just want to be left alone."

I looked around, but I couldn't see any cameras. I couldn't imagine someone watching us right now. It felt... icky. We were having a private moment here. Is that what kept happening to him? Were people always watching his escapades? Judging his actions or laughing at his hi-jinks? It had to get tiring. Specially if you're an immortal being. I then said:

"Look, maybe they won't stop writing about you. I get it. But don't you see why someone would want to discuss you?"

"I am evil incarnate. Or I used to be. Maybe I still am in some realities. I don't understand why anyone would bother with a being as corrupt as me. I just figure humans want to piss me off, you know, for the apple thing."

I sighed. "Yeah, blame Milton for that one. But there's some good in you, too." 

Lucifer raised an eyebrow in a threatening fashion. I swallowed and said:

"Worth! I meant worth! Value, or whatever. You act as a symbol for all the disenfranchised who fought against insurmountable odds, knowing how impossible it was to win. People don't pity you, they understand you. Of course they want to know more about you. You reflect a part of themselves that they project on you, even if they're not aware of it. Be it the unloved son that ran away from home, the angry rebel fed up with the inherent hypocrisy in organized religion, even the violent man that takes out his frustrations with the universe through hating everything else. Anyone who admonishes you is admonishing themselves, because they see themselves in you."

"" Lucifer made a smug grin. "Clever." He turned towards the door. "Fine. Thanks for the pick me up. I needed it." As he was about to leave he turned around and looked at me. "But still, could you at least try to paint me a little better next time? That Christmas story is just embarrassing."

"I'll... see what I can do. Maybe I'll write the story where you finally surpass God. You never know."

Lucifer laughed. "I'll see you then."An eagle and a Fox formed an intimate friendship and decided to live near each other. The Eagle built her nest in the branches of a tall tree, while the Fox crept into the underwood and there both of them produced their young. Not long after they had agreed upon this plan, the Eagle found herself in want of provision for her young ones. This winter was harsh, too harsh, with razor sharp winds that could skin a grown man alive. Every animal the eagle preyed on was difificult to find, since they were all hidden from the elements inside their makeshift shelters.

The eagle's children grew weak from hunger, crying every night and intensifying their mother's guilt. Five days had gone by, and she still hadn't found any food for them. It was then that she sighed and cried, resolute in in her decision to feed her children. While her friend the Fox was out, she swooped down into the underwood,  seized upon one of the little cubs, and reluctantly feasted herself and her brood. The Fox on her return discovered what had happened, but was less grieved for the death of her young than for her inability to avenge them. She couldn't climb that high or fly up to the nest, so the fox was forced to wallow in grief, alone. 

A just retribution, however, would soon fall upon the Eagle. While hovering near an altar, on which some villagers were sacrificing a child, she suddenly seized the leg of the baby, and carried it, along with a strange pendant, to her nest. Before the birds could consume the kid, the pendant started glowing with a red light. The baby's eyes then turned pitch black, as a gooey oil poured out of its eye sockets. A slimy quintuplet of tentacles burst out of his mouth, and the eaglets, as yet unfledged and helpless, were eaten alive by the avatar of an Old One. 

The eagle's wings were damaged when she tried to defend herself, but she managed to escape the infant's lust for bone and flesh. The bird fell to despair on her plummet to the ground. As she fell through the leaves and vines of the canopy, she realized that this must've been how her fox friend felt. This was beyond her comprehension. She was just a simple eagle; there wasn't a way for her to get retribution on this monster from another realm. Landing in front of the sickly saddened fox, the eagle tried to flutter her broken wings, to no avail.

The pendant then fell from the tree and landed around the fox's head. A familiar glow emanated from her eyes, a eager grin of anticipation forming on her face after licking her lips. The fox then approached the eagle, lowering herself to whisper into her former friend's ear:

"**He comes.**"

The fox then ate the eagle, traveled to the village, and returned the pendant to the people. As a reward, the humans raised the fox high in celebration, cheered for her good deed, and sacrificed her in honor of Cthulhu, satisfying the Great Old One for another year.



Moral of the story: Don't mess with anyone's kid.Krieger loomed over a dungeon master's screen with a wide eyed look of anticipation, while Archer, Lana, Cheryl, Pam, and Cyril waited in silence. The table had a variety of dice scattered throughout, along with a half-full glass of scotch on Archer's left.

"Well?" said Krieger.

"Well what?" said Lana. "You've been staring at us for five minutes without saying anything."

"Oh, sorry about that" said Krieger. "Spaced out for a sec. I thought I told you guys to introduce your characters."

"You did" said Pam. 

Archer finished his drink and said:

"Twenty minutes ago."

Krieger shifted eyes eyes between the players, leaned back, and said:

"Oh... right. Anyway, Archer, Lana, and Cyril find themselves in a seedy bar of the most affluent city in the region, Baldur's Gate. You guys have been working for a couple of months together as sell swords, protecting merchants along the trade routes for a fair price. You've started to make a name for yourselves recently and, for the first time ever, you've actually been approached by a wealthy client for a job more lucrative than usual. You were told to approach the barmaid for more information once you arrived. What do you do?"

"I go to the bar," said Archer, "slam a pouch of gold pieces on the counter, and ask for as much ale as this can buy me."

"Okay," said Krieger, "you now have twenty mugs of ale in front of you."

"I start chugging them."

"Perfect, roll a constitution check."

Archer picked up his twenty sided die and rolled it, getting an eight when it landed. He then showed his score to Krieger, who then said:

"You drink seven of the mugs without feeling a thing, but then on the eight you start feeling drunk. You are now wasted."

Raising his hands with a cheer, Archer got up and served himself another glass of scotch to celebrate. Lana rolled her eyes at Archer and said:

"We're wasting time." She turned her head to Krieger. "I approach the barmaid and ask about the job."

Krieger shifted his weight on his seat, transforming his posture into an effeminate one. Raising his voice to a high pitch, he then said:

"I sorry, we don't serve... *you people* here."

Lana slammed her hands on the table, causing some dice to fall off. "What do you mean *you people*?!?"

"Why, the elven filth, of course. You folk are nothing but trouble."

Lana almost stood up, preparing her fist for a punch, when Cyril quickly said:

"Fair barmaiden, I apologize for my elvish friend. She's not accustomed to this city's culture. Could you see it in your heart to let her stay. We do have business here."

Krieger broke his effeminate act and in a normal voice said:

"Roll for charisma."

Cyril rolled the die, looked at Krieger, and said:

"Nineteen."

"Perfect." Krieger shifted into his barmaid role. "My... I'm blushing. If all clerics were as handsome as you, I'd probably be more religious. Fine, your friend can stay." He turns into his dungeon master voice. "As she finishes her words, you notice her eying you and nodding to a part in the back of the bar."

"I uhh..." Cyril laughs nervously. "I ask her if there's anything I can do for her privately."

"Oh hell no" shouted Archer. "There's no way Cyril's getting laid faster than me."

"It's uhh, it's Psyraheel" said Cyril. "With a P. That's my character."

Archer scoffed and said:

"You could be called Burt Reynolds for all I care." He turns to Krieger. "I hit on the barmaid before Piss-real here can do anything."

"Okay, roll for charisma."

"I also have the drunken master feat, which means I have advantage here since I'm drunk." Archer rolled the die. "Natural twenty."

"You successfully seduced the barmaid, taking her out of Cyril's hands." Krieger laughed. "Roll to see how good the sex was."

Archer oblidged and said:

"Ha! Natural twenty!"

"The moaning is so loud that the whole bar dropped into silence. You come back with a sheepish grin and from now on, all throughout Baldur's Gate, you are known as a master of pleasure."

Lana massaged her temples and said:

"Can we get on with this? We haven't even gotten the mission yet."

-----------------------

"Okay, so after the barmaid led you to a private meeting room, you encounter a hooded man with a fancy cloak and a female dwarf by his side. You can tell by her braided beard and warhammer on her back that she's a tested warrior." Krieger paused for a few seconds and gestured at Pam. "Well, aren't you saying anything?"

"Oh," said Pam, "that's me? I didn't even know I had a beard... That's fucking awesome!"

"Yes Pam," said Archer, "in Tolkien's middle earth, most female dwarfs were hard to tell apart because of their beards. Since Dungeons and Dragons is heavily influenced by Lord of the Rings, this tradition carries into it. Idiot." Everyone squinted their eyes at Archer in a mixture of confusion and fascination, pressuring him to continue. "What? It's common knowledge, people! Didn't any of you have an education?"

"We did," said Lana, "it's just that we spent it learning things that are actually useful."

Archer scowled and said:

"Challenging and expanding your creativity is very useful, Lana. A lot of the times, all an emotionally abused kid needs to not kill himself is a fantastical escape, where he can feel like he's not restrained by this depressing reality. Think of how many brilliant minds would've been saved if this hobby were a bit more socially accepted and/or encouraged."

Lana looked downwards, pouted, and said:

"Wow Archer... Did any of your classmates commit suicide because of this...?"

"Of course not!" Archer laughed and drank from his scotch. "I just wanted to make you feel bad."

Lana narrowed her gaze at Archer, but before she could say anything, Krieger cleared his throat and said:

"Back to the game people, if we keep breaking the fourth wall, it'll never take effect."

"Take effect?" said Pam. "What are you talking about?"

"The uhh... suspension of disbelief. If you keep acting like this, you'll never get invested in the story." Krieger smiled. "Anyways, the hooded figure steps forward and removes his cloak, revealing a handsome human with blonde hair." He shifts into a deeper tone of voice. "Brave adventurers, I'm hosting a ball that a lot of influential people will attend, but I can't fulfill the role of a good host if I don't have any Dragon Whisky. Unfortunately, there's been a recent ban on it due to some... political red tape and the nearest place where it can be bought is in the city of Waterdeep, to the north of here. This dwarven lady is my bodyguard, and I'd like her to accompany you, if you choose to take this quest."

"A reasonable request," said Lana, "we accept."

"Brilliant," said Krieger. "You have twenty eight hours before the celebration. Make sure you deliver the shipment before then."

Archer laughed loudly, causing Pam to turn to him and say:

"What's so funny?"

"Nothing," said Archer. "It's just that I realized we're roleplaying 'Smokey and the Bandit'." Lana ignored him but Cyril and Pam looked at him confused, forcing him to elaborate. "The Burt Reynolds movie? Has to pick up Coors in Texas to drink it at a truck show? Seriously, do any of you watch movies?"

---------------------------------

Krieger stood up, extended his arms to his side with open hands, and said:

"As you traverse the forest path, you hear a sharp call for help a little further in the distance. Lana, since you're in the lead, I want you to make a perception check."

Lana rolled her die and said:

"Seventeen."

"You see a young, red haired woman with a lute on her back. You also notice that there's five thugs chasing her. What do you do?"

"I inform my party of what I saw, climb a tree, and ready my bow."

"Okay everyone," Krieger sat down, "Roll for initiative."

The players rolled their dice, beginning combat. Archer used his sleight of hand to make Cyril's pants fall off and succeded the roll for it, making the cleric miss out on the fight and not get any experience. Pam drew the bandit's attention as the team's tank, while Lana picked them off with her arrows. As a ranger, she had chosen forest as her preferred terrain, meaning that she made short work of them because of her advantage. Archer only flirted with the redhead, ignoring any combat once he was in range to talk. Strangely enough though, the woman never talked back at him. 

After they finished looting the bandits, Krieger said:

"So, now that you're safe, you all group around the lady and wait for her to speak... That's you, Cheryl." 

With a glazed over expression, Cheryl fixed herself on her chair and wiped off some glue stuck to her upper lip. She then raised her eyebrow before she said:

"I'm actually playing? I thought I was going to die of boredom before I did anything. So, what's my deal again?"

Krieger sighed and said:

"She's being pursued by hired thugs..."

"Because she won't mary a sheriff's son" said Archer. "Am I wrong?"

Krieger furrowed his brow in confusion. "Yeah... how did you know?"

"Because this is figuratively Smokey and the Bandit! The only reason it isn't a rip off is because it's set in a fantasy world."

"I... I've spent months planning this adventure..." Krieger slumped in disappointment. "I thought I was being original..."

"Whatever" said Cheryl. "My name is Carol and I'm a traveling bard, can we please get out of here?"

---------------------

After an uneventful trip to Waterdeep, the party headed back to Baldur's Gate ahead of schedule. Now that they were an hour way from reaching their destination, guards and bandits were increasingly threatening their safe arrival. First, they'd passed through a roadblock of bandits set up by the sheriff pursuing Carol, easily disposing of their attackers. Then, with the help of waitress at an inn and a man who ran a brothel out of his cart wagon, they evaded a guard caravan looking for smugglers. Finally, with Baldur's Gate in sight, they were confronted by the biggest threat yet, a platoon of fifty soldiers on the lookout for them. 

"W-we can't do this," said Lana, "it's too much. They're too many."

"I agree," said Cyril, "we're going to fail. This is all your fault, Carol! Why did you have to ruin this for us?!?"

Cheryl looked up from smelling her bottle of glue and said:

"Are you talking to me or my character? We kinda have the same name..."

"I... I don't even know anymore."

"Fuck this shit!" said Pam. "I'm going in! Leeeeeeeeeroyyyyyy Jeeeeeenkins!"

Pam raged and barreled forward into the enemies, taking down more than a dozen men in her fury. Using Cyril as bait, Archer pushed the cleric into a bundle of soldiers to activate his sneak attack, eliminating them all in one fell swoop. Lana kept firing shots that never missed thanks to Carol's bardic inspiration, mowing down a dozen more. Still, the numbers where overwhelming them bit by bit. Archer stabbed more men, leaving a pile of cadavers around him. Lana only you had three more arrows left and Cheryl's lute stopped working because of a broken string. Cyril ran out of healing spells, throwing himself to his knees and pissing his pants. This made the situation dire for Pam, who was nearing zero HP. 

This was it. Their rookie party was going to be wiped on their first adventure. Everyone took a solemn breath, resingning themselves to their fate, until hearing Malory Archer say:

"What in God's green Earth has gotten into all of you?!?"

--------------------------------

Archer, Lana, Cyril, Pam, and Carol stood in the middle of a ballroom, surrounded by piles of groaning men and a pool of blood. Malory, wearing a fancy dress with a pearl necklace, scowled with a vodka martini in her hand. Archer started to look around, placing his hand on his head because of a pulsing headache. They were in a party for the rich elite. His mother fumed with anger, while all of the other guests stared at them with horror and shock. Last he remembered, they were playing D&D back in Krieger's lab. Somehow, the lines between the game and reality were blurred after playing an hour. He couldn't remember when exactly, but they started taking the game very seriously... Too seriously.

A grinning Krieger then walked up to Malory and said:

"You wanted proof of concept? Well *here's* your proof of concept!"

"W-what?" said Archer. "What the hell, Krieger?!?"

"Your mother," Krieger pointed at Malory, "wouldn't let me play D&D with our prisoners because she said it was a waste of time and took away everything I had set up with them." He pointed at himself. "*I* said that it was a great way to hypnotize them into doing what we wanted, but she just laughed at me!" He turned to Malory. "Well, how about it? I just tricked all of your employees into attacking your party. Are you gonna fund this or not?"

Malory's eyes widened before she said:

"I... I can't believe it worked. I apologize Krieger, you can keep playing games with the prisoners. This was very effective. How deep is the illusion for them?"

"Very deep," said Krieger, "this is just the tip..."
 
"Phrasing..." said Archer.

"...of the iceberg." Krieger narrowed his eyes. "Seriously Archer, grow up. Anyway, just look at Cyril over there! He's covered in piss!"

Cyril looked up from his fetal position and said:

"D-did we make it to Baldur's Gate?"

Malory frowned at Krieger, who smiled and said:

"It'll run out in a couple of hours. Still, you can't doubt its effectiveness!"

"Very well, doctor Krieger. I want a report on my desk by monday."