StoryStar
[WP] After being kidnapped you wake up in a room where the only thing to keep you occupied is a computer with access to just wikipedia. After 2 years you are taken to an illegal gameshow as 1 of 10 contestants, if you are eliminated, you die.

The blinding lights shined on me, letting me to see the massive soundstage. To my side was a masked host with a painted-on smile, and an audience cheering and hollering.

With a hand to the air, the host announced “The Wikipedia Show” was about to begin.

Two odd years ago, a group of strange man in all black stole me in the middle of the night. They tossed me into a ship and I was taken to wherever they wished. The tossed me into a room was all white, and not a single thing to keep myself sane. That is, except a computer with a cracked screen. The only website I could ever receive was Wikipedia. I tried to call out for help by reporting my kidnap on my own page, only to be promptly banned.

I looked around the colorfully dotted room. Nine more were sitting above and below, just as confused and terrified as I was. The audience seemed to enjoy our misery however, their clapping only growing louder.

“Alright folks!” the host triumphantly declared. “These ten lucky contestants have been training for this day for an entire two years. Hopefully they put it to good use, as we’ll be asking them some tricky trivia! Otherwise, they just may face elimination!”

“A-and what happens if we do get it wrong?” The person besides me managed to pip out.

“That’s a great question! We have lots of fun things! African bees, hungry mountain lions, chains and a deep pool. Your imagination is the only limit, really. But fear not! If you manage to be the last one standing, you’re rewarded with your very own freedom! You guys must be craving it by now!”

I could feel a deep lump in my throat. I looked around, knowing we’ve all just became enemies.

“Now, who would like to take the first question?”

We all stood in complete silence, paralyzed with fear as the audience started booing us.

“Aww, don’t you guys want us to have good ratings? Guess I’ll have to pick one. Eenie meenie miney mo…. you!”

He pointed to somewhere in the far right where I could barely see. They looked to be a slender woman, no older than 25.

“So Ms…. Uh, Vanjie, is it? Judging by your search history, it seemed you really liked birds. So tell me, how long does it take a Royal Albatross’s egg to hatch? You have ten seconds.”

A almost perfect ripoff of the jeopardy think music blared on the speakers while the poor girl was still flustered at everything around her. Just as she worked the courage to speak, the buzzer rang. The audience booed even louder than before.

“Aww, I’m sorry Ms. Vanjie, you’re all out of time. That means elimination! Folks, how do you think we should eliminate our first contestant?

“Live execution!” they announced in unison.

“I like that very much. Jeremy, do the deed.” the host said snapping his fingers

I tried to get up to have a better look, only for the chains to grab me back down. All I could make out was a lot of screams, a loud bang, and a large man lifting something way.

“As you can see contestants, you truly are playing for keeps! Nine remain! Who shall be out next loser!?”

By this point everyone was fruitlessly attempting to leave their seats, some begging so they can wash off the blood. The host slowly crawled around the room, gleefully staring into everyone’s frightened eyes. Suddenly stopping, he craned his head right to me.

“You there, what’s your name?”

Not wanting to face the same fate as Vanjie, I try to give my speaking voice.

“S- Sarah Star.”

“That’s such a lovely name! Well, since you seemed to really enjoy history, this one should be easy. Who did George Washington marry, and how old was he?”

Wait, I know this one!

“Oh, Martha Curtis. 26 years old.“

The room lit up with bright colors and a loud dinger went off. The audience somehow clapped even louder.

“You are correct!” the host excitingly said. “Congratulations! Now, what’s your source?”

“Source?”

“Of course! You always need a source!”

Oh Shit.

“Umm… Wikipedia?”

The audience erupted into laughter as the host shook his head.

“Aww Sarah, didn’t you read the citations? Wikipedia can be changed by anyone, and everyone knows... say it with me audience!”

“Wikipedia is not a reliable source!” They cried all together.

“There we go! Now, since you did the get half the question, we’ll reward you with a private elimination. Any ideas audience?”

“Shark tank! Shark tank!”

“I like y’all style! Jeremy, get you butt over here and help this lady sleep with the fishes!”

Despite my protests, the man grabbed me and I was carried off the stage. The host gave me one more menacing look before he turned around to continue the show.

“P-please let go of me. I’ll give you whatever you want and-“

“Shut the hell up!” the man shouted back. “Just let me do my work.”

He dragged me through the backstage, where you could hear the host's muffled taunts and laughter. All around me were assortments of props. Guns, swords, nooses, pretty much anything deadly. My stomach sank as I realized what awaited me.

My increasingly panicked thoughts were caught off as Jeremy suddenly slammed me into a wall, staring right into my soul. With a heavy sigh, he began to speak.

“Okay, listen. Let me tell you a little story. Once upon a time, there was a man who got involved in a lot of stuff they shouldn’t have. After his daughter mysteriously disappeared, he didn’t really give a shit about anything anymore. His friends were able to convince him to join a strange show for the dark web. He didn’t mind though, the cash was pretty good. That is, until the long-lost daughter became a contestant."

“W-wait-“

“She lost, Sarah. She fucking lost. They threatened either her, or me. I’m selfish.”

He paused for a second, looking down.

“So, I’m going to make a little deal with you. You either help me stop the show, or I'll go through with the elimination without a second thought.”

“G-Guess I’ll take the former.”

Jeremy cracked a smile as he let me down.

“Good choice. I snuck out a knife while they weren’t looking. I’ll get you to the catwalk. You’ll have a nice view of the vulnerable host. Oh and just so you know, if you fail or try to escape, I will find and kill you. Good luck, and don’t fuck it up.”

He dropped the weapon into my hand when we came to the catwalk. He gave me one last cold looks and ran off back to the show.

Well, guess I really don't have a choice.

The climb was long and I nearly slipped down the 20 ft. from the ground. As I finally reached the top, I could see a bird’s eye view of the entire show. Six contestants were still there, covered with cuts and bruises. The host and audience seemed to more excited than ever, waiting for the next person to mess up.

With heavy and sharp breaths, I pointed the knife forward and wondered how the hell I got into this. I waited for the host to be right below me. This would be my only chance.

With one last prayer to whoever was listening, I jumped.

Somebody broke my fall as I threw the knife right into the host's head. When I pulled myself up I found him lying on the ground with it longed into his ear, a pool of blood around him. The audience and I stared at each other in shock. Moments later the audience began to scream and scatter. Somebody pulled my arm and dragged me away from the confusion.

It was Jeremy.

“Holy shit, you actually did it! They're probably already onto us, we need to get out of here. That door right there's an exit and-“

There was a long bang as Jeremy suddenly toppled, just feet away from the exit. His leg was bleeding, badly. I tried to pick him up, only for him to push me away.

“D-damn, I think that was from the producers. Sarah, go through the door. You have to leave, now.”

More shots fired as I dropped Jeremy and kicked open the exit.

“Wait, Sarah!”

I turned back around as the outside rain blew unto me.

“Thank you.”

Unsure how to respond I stared for a moment at him and slammed the door behind me, running as far away as I could. The world seemed so foreign. It was so much bigger than a white room. There was the moon, and the clouds, and the trees! I would’ve stopped and cry if it wasn’t for the threat and being dragged back into that horrid place. The rain helped wash away the tears.

I eventually came upon a police station and explained the whole thing. They managed to find the place the next day, but all they discovered was an abandoned studio and scattered notes.

I never knew what happened to those other contestants, or Jeremy. Even a decade later after I've regained my life, it's still a cold case. I've had no choice but put it behind me.

But sometimes, that studio pops into my dreams. I still see that host, walking around with the knife still plunged into him. Staring into his glowing eyes, he happily welcomes me to the Wikipedia Show. Sometimes, he even compliments my name.

--End---

Thanks for reading!!!In a decade long past, there lived the small, rural town of
Crowsford. In this town, everybody knew everyone, and my mother and I were
known as the strange ones. Mother would always scowl at the other children for
simply getting too close to the dying lawn and allowing anyone actually in that
old and rickety home was simply out of the question. I don’t think I can recall
a single time in my childhood where I was allowed to go outside the house, even
to school. 

It didn’t hurt too much throughout the years I suppose, mother
convinced me they were simply too sinful for our holy lifestyle. But even so, I
would always feel a twinge of pain when I saw other children playing outside,
especially when they were out and about on Halloween. 

Ah, Halloween. I was absolutely fascinated by the spectacle
I would always see outside the window; the kids dressing up in their
bewildering customers, the strange decorations of our neighbors, and the
atmosphere that autumn orange mood would seem to cast over the streets. But
most of all, I simply wanted a morsel of the candy that filled the kids' pails.

I'm not sure why I wanted it so badly, maybe it meant eating something other
than the dried rubbish we always had on that night to “purify” ourselves.
Despite my endless begging, however, Mother’s grasp was ironclad as always.
“This night be for devil worshippers” she would hiss at me, “We are followers
of the Lord above, not below.”

But even a child under the strictest of parents can’t help
to feel curious about the outside world, though. Sometimes, when she fell
asleep just deep enough from her intense praying sessions, I would sneak out
through the hole in the fence and venture into the woods. Even then, no one
wanted to play with the child of such a peculiar mother. The other children
would hide whenever they spotted me, and scurry away if I got too close. The only
exception to that, was Emily. 

I found Emily sitting by a lake one day, casually skipping
rocks down the stream. I slowly crept up to her, as if she was a swallow that
would flutter away if I startled her. But instead, she turned around and stared
at me for a bit. A warm smile crept on her face and gestured to sit down next
to her. Soon, I found myself skipping rocks as well. 

It was easy to become friends with Emily. Her bright emerald
eyes and soft blond hair were comforting to look at, and her kind demeanor
would become a welcomed relief in my life, especially as mother’s punishments
worsened. The adventures she would come up were a much-needed escape for me,
and as I learned about her home life, it was for her just as much. 

And yet despite my gratitude for a new friend, I couldn't
ignore some aspects of Emily struck me as... odd. Emily had an undying passion
for the sciences and seemed to take every opportunity for makeshift
experiments, crushing bugs and plants in her home-brought tubes for
"analysis". Her father worked for some kind of chemical company just
on the other side of town and enabled her borderline-obsessions. 

What they actually did she never could quite find out, but
sometimes she managed to sneak out some of the products he brought home and we
would watch their effects. What they did was as unpredictable and it was
strange. A glowing blue substance made a daffodil grew tenfold its size, and a
dark green one turned a whole bed of roses dark as a midnight sky.  She seemed to take great glee in watching
their strange effects, and I couldn’t help to smile as well. 

As life will do however, even the smallest bastions of
happiness must eventually be trampled over. It was the morning of Halloween
day, and Emily was finally teaching me all I wanted to know about it. I was so
invested, I didn’t even hear the sound of crunching leaves behind me.  

I don’t know if a neighbor tattled on me or she just
pretended to be asleep, but my heart sank as I heard mother screech my name
behind me. Had it not been for Emily standing as a witness, she very well would
have murdered me on the spot. Instead, I would have a much worse punishment. She
gave me a good whack on the head as I was dragged by the ear all the way back
to the house. She screamed back at Emily that they would be hellish
consequences if she ever saw me again. 

There must be an appropriate punishment for such a heinous
crime. Not only had I gone and played with another child, but apparently a
demon one as well! Mother couldn't quite put her finger on it, but she was just
so sure something wasn’t right with her, and it would do her parents right to toss
her over the bridge.

After a few more beating I was thrown into the cold and
musty closet. This is where I received most of my punishments, but it seemed
mother had something very special in mind to purify me. I covered my ears as
the room shook with painfully loud and distorted music. I banged on the door
and beg for her to let me out, but she just sang a hymn in reply. My pleas fell
and deaf ears, and all I could do was lie down and wait for it to be over.

I don’t remember how much time passed as I trapped curled-up
in there, but it was far too long. 

I remember the priest once sitting down with me at mother’s
request. He told me of a demon that lived inside us, and how it manifested as
violent and unclean thoughts. As believers, it was our duty to control these
demons and to keep them from overtaking us. I like to think at that point I had
done well at controlling mine, especially when it came to mother’s worst
moments. But all that helplessness and fear I felt in those endless hours… the
demons had consumed me with their rage. 

As soon as she opened the door, I tried to push past her.
She managed to grab my hair, but I think I surprised her when I defended myself
and smacked the glasses off her face. I launched out through the front door and
down the street, running as fast as my short legs could take me. The sun was
beginning to set, and I could see blurs of the children’s costumes as I ran
past. 

I let my legs carry themselves to where they wanted, and I was
back at the lake. To my surprise, Emily was still there, looking to the sunset
and humming something to herself. With a weary heart, I walked to the river,
sat down next to her, and began to weep. Not only had I struck her, but I also
broke mother’s biggest rule of being out on this night too. She must be more
than furious. I would have to eventually go back. God had damned me to a
terrible fate. I’m pretty sure my tears made the river double in size that
night. 

I tried to explain what happened as Emily listened, quietly
humming and softly stroking my hair as we both stared down at our own
reflections. As fate would be so terrible, she too was back at the lake with a
clash with her dad. Emily refused to tell me how it worked out, but she just
happened to have a solution I could use too. 

“Hey, do you remember all those weird bottles I showed you?”
Emily softly asked after my tears finally stopped. 

“Y-yeah?” I stammered out. 

 

“Well, father brought home something really neat last night.
It’s this bottle of black goo I have in my pocket, and it makes all your
problems go away. All you have to do is spray it on who’s giving you them, and
it’s solved.”

“W-what’s in it?”

“Aww, I can’t tell you that! It’ll ruin the surprise!” she
said with a chuckle. 

Emily pulled me forward as she placed the bottle in my hand.

“Go ahead, use it. It worked with my folks, it’ll work with
yours too. You’ll be so happy after using it, I promise.”

I just wanted to stay with Emily, but she really wanted
nothing more than for me to go back home, so I said my best wishes and
reluctantly came home to my damnation. Mother would be waiting for me. 

I quietly entered through the back door, the house
pitch-black. I found a nearby flashlight and looked around the room.
Shockingly, mother was still there withering on the floor. A pool of blood has
formed around her. Oh, I guess it was a little stronger than I thought. I
slowly walked up and looked over her, her bitter glance meeting my terrified
one. 

“L-look what you did!” cried at me between shallow breaths,
"Y-you evil child!”

“Don’t worry,” I whispered as I brushed mother’s face and
shook the battle. “This’ll solve everything.”

“What the hell is that?”

“That was my question to Emily too. Guess we’ll find out.” 

I’ve never really been to handle gruesome happenings all
that well, so I turned around the moment I saw her begin to convulse. There was
a lot of screaming, the smell of smoke and rotten flash, and the slightest
sound of a crackling fire. When I finally had the courage to turn around, a
small, black puddle was all that was left. Despite being completely terrified
and dumbfounded at what just happened, I couldn’t help to feel a smile creep on
my face.

I opened the front door and leaned over the porch rail
railing to catch my breath. I stared at the other children walking and laughing
around. I never thought I would even see this holiday from outside the house,
and now I could even partake in it!  But
oh dear, I didn’t even have a costume. Didn't you need that for the candy? 

The bright orange moon had fully come out. Look at them, all oblivious to what just
happened. Oblivious to all the suffering throughout my life! Not a single one
of them tried to help! But, now retribution would be upon them! Perhaps this
beautiful goo could provide me a solution to my now-ravenous sweet tooth. 

This next part is… a struggle to recall. I remember the
first door I knocked on. The persons seemed to know who I was and seemed
surprised at my appearance, especially with my now filthy and tattered clothes.
He asked with a sly smile if I was supposed to be dressed as a hobo, and if my
mother knew I was out here. I tried my best to kindly ask him for some candy.
He gave a hearty laughed as he told me to go back to my mother and slammed the
door in my face. Yes, he would be the first one. I knocked one more time.
Before he could utter another word, I sprayed him. 

How wonderful that entire bowl of chocolate tasted. 

The adults for never having helped me from my mother, and
all those children too for running away from me. All must atone for their sins.
Most didn’t figure out what was going on until it was too late, and those that
did gave an exciting game of cat-and-mouse. I've never played that much in my
life! Some cowards may have survived hiding in their basements, but I like to
think I got most of them. 

But as it quickly approached midnight and the streets were
now vacant and lonely, I realized my playtime had come to a close. I walked
down the quiet town, hulling along with my ginormous stack of candy and singing
a hymn. I sat down on the sidewalk to rest, staring at that beautiful orange
moon above me. What a perfect night it had been for God’s bidding.

I heard humming come from down the road, and say Emily
running towards me with a massive grin.

“So,” she cooed as she sat down beside me. “I can see you
really had a fun night.”

“What do I do now?” I asked, now realizing my uncertain
future. 

“I believe you mean ‘What do *we* do now!’” Emily declared as she patted my back, “I used that
stuff on dad too, we’re in the same boat. The next town over is a bit of a
walk, but we should be there before morning. We can start new lives there, new
families. Join me?”

With no other choice, I grabbed her hand and we began to
walk. She taught me the song I heard her humming at the lake as we trekked
west, and a great alibi to explain what happened. 

Emily and I have been happily married for a good while now,
anniversary’s only a couple weeks away. She was right, we did find new and
better lives in that other town. Despite our unusual beginnings, we’ve led
normal lives and contributed well to society, and there would be no person I
would rather have done that with than Emily. But age has finally caught up with
us; we’re both old and tired, surely death must be on our doorstep by now. With
that in mind, I have finally decided to confess. Not out of any regret, but
simply in the spirit to let the truth not go to the grave with me, and perhaps
for the families of the victims to finally have some closure. 

If you ever ask Crowsford Police about what happened all
those decades ago, they’ll batter off some cover-up story just a little too
quickly. Some will say it was a mass move to another town, others that it was
some type of virus. Truth is, they really don’t know. But now you do, dear
reader. You know what truly happened, )Emily and I stood looked out on the roof in triumph. Finally, it was over. After all this time in this terrible city, dodging those... monsters and gathering whatever meager resources we could, we would finally be rescued. If it wasn't for her, I very well might have gone insane. But she truly was my light in the darkness, and taught me how to survive in even the most desperate of times and make a clean cut on a zombies head.

After six years, we finally found a radio tower that was still operational. Apparently the government was still looking for survivors after all this time, and they would have a helicopter over in an hour. I looked down to the pool of zombies that were trying to break in at the building's entrance. It would take too long for the pool of zombies below us to break in before they were even close thanks to Emily's barricades. We were golden.

"So," I asked Emily, grasping her hand and looking out to the horizon, "What do you want to do when we get out of here?"

"We could finally start our own family George. Get a nice home, maybe some kids and a few cats and-"

I interrupted. "Um, why would we get cats when we have a dog already?" I reached down to pet Boomer, our loyal guarddog who has been through thick and thin with us.

Emily looked as my with disgust. "Ew no way, he slobbers way too much. Cats are much better pets.

I slowly turned my head to Emily with a wide-eyed and deadpan expression. "And what did you think we're going to with Boomer then? You know, the dog that's kinda been saving our ass this whole time?"

"I don't know, probably give him to somebody else. Hell, we can even leave him here when they finally come. Why is this such a big deal-"

And just like that, tragedy struck! Emily somehow managed to toss herself off the roof and into the pit of zombies! It was quite strange too, considering there was a five foot railing. Peculiar.

To this day, George and Boomer are the only known survivors to make it out of that city.I remember having this imaginary friend named Emily when I was a kid. I wasn’t exactly a social butterfly even at that age, so it was nice having someone to play pretend with. I made crafts for her, and she would always wear them with pride. Maybe because they felt pity for me, but my parents played along and always gave her an extra plate at dinner and even an old bed for her to sleep in.

The last memory I have of Emily is sleepily saying goodnight to her as I began to doze off. When my eyes grew heavy she was warmly smiling at me, and when I opened them again she was gone.

I looked everywhere for her. I searched the whole neighborhood and even got my parents to help. Alas though, she was never to be found. I cried and cried for days. On the fifth day when I still wasn’t over it, father finally just screamed at me she was just imaginary, and I need to get over it. That seemed to snap me out of it. As time trotted on, I eventually forgot all about little Emily, and she became nothing more than a wisp in my memory.

Until recently.

Last month, father passed away. We gathered around, comforting him and waiting for the inevitable. He took turns saying how much he loved each of us. When he got to me though, he almost looked… scared.

His breathing began to slow, and we braced for it. On his final breath though, with seemingly renewed vigor, he grabbed my hand and pulled me in. He whispered,

“I’m sorry about Emily. She just made me so angry. Check the attic. I love you.”

And just like that, he lied back and died.

It took me days to find the strength to go up there, and even longer to actually find what he meant. Just as I was about to give up, my foot hit something. It was a little cardboard box with “Emily” scrawled unto it.

All was in it was a torn skirt, a burned shirt, and a broken bracelet I remember making for her. There was a note too, with just these words:

_“I’m so sorry. I hope you can forgive me when you’re older.”_I think the worst part of all this is the screaming. The endless, horrific screaming I can hear even this far away. I doubt he’s even actually screaming anymore, but it keeps getting louder and louder. So, before I completely go deaf and insane from this gnawing pain, I should probably explain what happened.

For all my life, the only friend I had was father. Even when we danced with the terror of poverty and possibly being homelessness, he still managed to put on a happy face for me after his endless workdays just so I could feel a little better about the unfair hand dealt to us. He taught that I could succeed in the face of all the aversion given to me, and I did. With brutal hard work and a pinch of luck, I managed to get a comfy job as an engineer and could afford a home for us. There’s nothing to describe how I felt when we first moved in; I thought that those hard times were finally over. That was true for a long good while too.

Maybe it was just my refusal to ignore the obvious reality, but for some reason, I thought they happily-ever-after would be, well, ever after. I refused to accept how the ravages of time would slowly kill my father by every white hair and wrinkle it bestowed upon him. It didn’t truly hit me until he fainted right in front of me.

The doctors said that his heart was old and tired. At his age, he wouldn’t survive the surgery, and there was not much to do. They could keep him comfortable and do what they could, and he would last until month’s end. But yes, he would certainly die.

My friends tried to comfort me and told me it was simply the cycle of life. My father’s time on Earth had been well-spent, and it was time to return to his creator. But forgive me, I’m selfish. I simply couldn’t accept their trying-to-be comforting words. I would be losing the only family I had, the only friend I had. It felt like my heart was sickened as well; I couldn’t take the thought of being all alone in such an unforgiving world.

In my mix of despair and rage, I angrily typed up a Reddit post just to vent. But even after slamming my mouse to post it, I was still just as furious. “This post isn’t going to a damn thing!” I screamed to no one. “It’s not gonna change shit!”

I eventually passed out. When I woke up the next day, my inbox was flooded with kind albeit generic messages of support that helped dull the pain a bit. However, there was one certain message that caught my eye.

“Hey, I think I have something that may help. Would you like to tester for Valsecrium?”  

Intrigued, I [opened the message.] (https://imgur.com/a/5saoglg)

Looking back, it probably wasn’t the best to take an offer from a mysterious company on the internet, but desperation is a hell of a drug, right?

A couple of days later, a small box arrived at my doorstep. The bottle of pills almost seemed to glow with their vibrant blue hue. $700 bucks for nothing bigger than my hand. Well, at least they look very fancy of what was probably just pieces of plastics.

I could probably just have dropped in into his soup, but I didn’t want the nurses to see. When they weren’t looking I shoved one down his throat. Forgive me, I’m brash. And now, all I could do was… wait.

It almost felt unreal. I got a call the next week that somehow, his heart almost seemed to be repairing itself. I watched him slowly but surely get better, until he looked like what he did when I was a kid and even started walking around on his own. The doctors practically begged for him to stay so they could figure out how it happened, but I dragged him home. My father was alive, and now all I had to do was give him those pills twice a day.

But of course, that would just be too easy. Misfortune couldn’t just let just one pass her grip, let me have my happily ever after. She just couldn’t.

Eventually, father found out about the pills. He got really angry at me, accusing me I was drugging him. But I wasn’t, the fool couldn’t even see I was trying to save him! Save him for the dark abyss! He refused to take it, he wanted to go “the natural way”. Bullshit bullshit bullshit. Sometimes people don’t know what’s actually good for them. Sometimes, people need to be tied and tossed in the closet and be fed what’s actually good for them.

Forgive me, I’m selfish.

And you know what, that would’ve been fine with me if those pills just worked. I think it started about three weeks in, but I noticed I would have stuff more in his stupid maw more times every day. Two times turned to three, four, five. It was already upsetting seeing his tears flow whenever I had to give him them when I did, now I had to do it every single hour.

And those shipments just kept increasing in price. I begged them for some kind of discount, but they refused, giving me some excuse of “increased cost of supplies.” Eventually, I ended up burning through all my cash and just begged them to do something. They weren’t responding, and that deafening silence only made my messages grow more and more desperate. That same desperate feeling I felt all those months ago.  

In the middle of the night, they sent me one final response:

“Unfortunately, we cannot provide any type of discount. If you can no longer pay for the medicine, we will have to conclude the experiment. We have gathered the needed data. As originally promised, you are still guaranteed that your father will not perish from natural causes. However, we can no longer provide protection against aging.

We thank you for using the prototype of Valscerium, and I would like to personally thank you for being a first adopter. We believe Valscerium will change humanity forever. Your father will begin to age in five hours. Have a lovely life.”

I ran out of the house some time ago, I couldn’t bear to face him and do what I knew would be best and just kill the poor bastard. Forgive me, I’m a coward. I am responsible for all the suffering he is probably going through as we speak. He probably doesn’t look like anything resembling a living human anymore.

I don’t know what will become of Valscreium, how it'll look or be called when they try to market it. I know they’re still watching me. They’ve probably tapped my laptop and will change the actual name of the cursed drug before I get this out, probably block the personal stuff out of their messages too. Fine, at least my warning can be heard in some way. Salvion, if you’re reading this, please, he’s in the closet. Do what I couldn’t. 

And father… I’m so sorry. [Forgive me, I love you.] (https://old.reddit.com/r/StoryStar/)It was a normal evening like any other, biking through the
neighborhood after an exhausting day of work. The moon and cold autumn air were
my only friends as I went along the lonely and dark streets. I turned the
corner and that’s where I saw the creature. The flickering yellow lights made the
little black figure in the middle on the road barely visible, but even from
away I could tell it wasn’t in good shape. 

I crouched down to look at it. Small little thing,
definitely the smallest kitten I’ve ever seen. Its legs seemed had a huge cut
in it, probably from a dog attack. The small pool of blood around it was
continuing to grow, surely it would only have a few hours left before it
succumbed to its injuries. I know this is going to sound cruel, I began to make
my way around it. I’ve never had as much as a fish in my life, and I didn’t
have any idea nor intention of starting to care for an animal. 

“It’s somebody already problem anyway.” I sighed to myself.
“Besides, it’s owners are probably close by.”

As I began to continue my trek, the kitten started mewing,
louder with every inch I biked away. The twinge in my heart made me stop to
look back. The kitten’s eyes were locked right on as it pawed towards me.
Strangely, a voice screamed at me to just keep going, but that pained
expression on the kitten quickly hushed it up. 

“Whatever, I can make this one night. This thing better not
have fleas.”

I scooped the kitten and started to take it home. The
kitten’s black fur almost completely blended into the night; I wouldn’t have
even been able to tell I was carrying had not for its bright blue eyes that
seemed to shine off the moonlight. It seemed thankful, rubbing and purring on
my chest. Even though I was sort of worried of him peeing on my couch or even
discovering a deadly cat allergy, I couldn’t help but to crack a smile. 

It seemed not one person in the entire town recognized him.
All I had to go off was a hastily-scribbled “Star” scrawled onto his collar,
and all my attempts to find his owner proved futile. The few days I had planned
for Star’s company turns to week and then months. To be honest though, I didn’t
find myself terribly troubled by it. Star seemed to already know how to take
care of himself well and it was sort of nice to have a friend around on lonely
nights. 

The only problem with Star was his near-insatiable appetite.
No matter how much I tried to make him, he refused to eat normal cat food. He
would instead always beg for my food, and I would give in every single time.
His appetite was unbelievable for a kitten, it would have been a lot even for a
human. Had it not been for that generous pay raise, Star would have probably
been unaffordable. But no matter how much he ate, Star did not grow an inch
bigger. He stayed as small as the night I found him even as the years passed
on. 

Star hated to be left alone, so he would often join me on my
rides in my bike’s basket. One night, I nearly ran over a rat scurrying by. The
moment Star took notice of it, he jumped out and began to charge towards it. It
was too late to hit the brakes and grab Star, and I panicked that he would run
further off and I would lose him, or even because of Star’s size the rat would
attack him. But, something completely unexpected happened. 

With incredible speed even for a feline, Star sprinted and
caught the rat by its tail. Star stared at the rat as it tried to escape. The
rat’s movement quickly began to slow, until it seemed to be completely frozen in
its tracks. In one fell swoop, Star completely devoured it, bones and all. I
could’ve sworn Star grew nearly twice in size for a moment, but in the blink of
an eye he shrank back to normal. I stood in complete shock as Star began to
casually trot back to the bike like nothing happened and pawed at me to pick
him up. His face was completely splattered in blood, purring and content with
his hunt. I tried calm myself down, but my thoughts began to race anyway.

“W-what the hell was- no, no. I’m just seeing things. It’s
late anyways. I’m just tired. I-I better get home.” 

Star sprayed some of the rat’s blood on me as he gave me a
loving lick. I put him back in the basket I tried to not to look him at him for
the rest of the way home. But Star was staring right at me the entire time, and
I couldn’t help but to catch a glimpse. I saw the same kitten I saw all that
time again, but there was something else in those eyes now. Something I
couldn’t have put my finger on yet. 

I convinced myself I just needed to lay off whatever the hell
was in that office coffee and the memory eventually faded. Besides, I had
something much more exciting I needed to focus on. After months of working up the
courage, I finally asked Elizabeth to a date. She was a new worker, and we
seemed to hit it off enough to warrant a dinner at my place. She made me feel
special, and I felt that after so many unfulfilling relationships, I may have
just found the one. 

I slaved away over the hot stove, making sure the everything
would be absolutely perfect. Star kept trying to jump on the counter to eat the
food, growing more frustrated with every attempt to push him back. When he
stepped in the chicken that took me six hours to make while my back was turned,
I lost my tempter. In a fit of anger, I gave a back-hand slap right to Star’s
torso, making him fall off the counter.

“You dumbass cat!” I screamed. “Don’t you realize I’m doing
something for my date!?” 

Immediately realizing my mistake right after I said that, I
tried to rush over to him. But it was too late. For the first time ever, Star
hissed at me and ran outside. I thought about chasing after him, but I
absolutely needed to finish this, which would be much more possible without
Star distracting me. But as I continued, Star’s terrible gaze there was etched
into my thoughts. That… whatever I saw in his eyes when he ate the rat was
there and now… nothing else. 

“Just imagining things again, I guess” I tried to convince
myself. “Seriously, what the hell was in that coffee? Probably should talk to
the doctor tomorrow.”

6 P.M, and Elizabeth was even more beautiful than she was at
the office. Her sparkly red dress excellently complimented her bright emerald
eyes and brunette hair. My heart fluttered at I stared into her gaze, and I
hoped that she was feeling the same way. 

We had a lovely conversation and dinner all throughout that
night, sharing stories and laughing together. She eventually excused herself to
the bathroom, just down the hall. 

I waited and waited upwards of thirty minutes, but Elizabeth
did not return. With every second I began to worry more and more. Did she
actually think I was a creep and went out the backdoor? Did I give her food
poisoning? Did she have a heart attack or something? 

“I-Izzy? You doing okay in there?” I asked as I knocked on
the door. I could hear something like chewing behind it. 

No response. 

“Well, she’ll probably label me as a pervert for life, but I
don’t have much of a choice.”

I opened the door. 

Star barely looked recognizable. His mouth was completely
detached like a serpent. He was happily feasting on what was of Elizabeth’s
head. I screamed louder than I had ever before. Star looked up to me and tilted
his head. 

“Only. Me.” Star growled out. 

Star began to scurry towards me but I was fortunately just
quick enough to slam the door. I tried my hardest to keep it shut, but Star
kept pounding. The force was stronger than anything a kitten could do, or even
a human. I wouldn’t have been able to hold it for long. 

I eventually had to concede the door and ran back up the
hallway and into the kitchen. I grabbed a kitchen knife and jumped up onto the
counter. I could see Star slowly trotting out the bathroom, staring at me with
curious eyes from the down the hallways. He was four times his size, big as a Pitbull.

“S-stand back!” I desperately cried. “Go away!” “Stand back!”

“Only. Me.” Star growled again, taking a step forward. “No.
Dinner. So. Hungry.”

“Only. Me.”

“Only Me.”

“ONLY ME!” Star shrieked as he began charging towards me,
and with what I had thought would be the last few moments on Earth I blindly
swung the knife. 

When I opened my eyes, I was splattered with blood. I
managed to have gotten Star’s leg and swung him to the right, passed out cold
and now his normal size. 

Dropping my knife, I began to weep. I couldn’t even begin to
comprehend what just happened. I had just lost the only women I felt a genuine
connection to and now… I didn’t have a choice. 

I needed to kill my best friend. 

I brought him outside to a dark back road with the knife. I
softly laid him down, and with shacking hands began to tower the knife over
him.

“I-I’m so sorry, Star” I trembled out with a tear. “I should
have just left you there.”

I swung the knife down and… completely missed him.  I couldn’t bring myself to do it. I couldn’t
kill a kitten, especially one I’ve known for so long. So, I left him there,
letting nature do my dirty work. It was cruel, I know, but I couldn’t think straight
after what I just saw. 

Amazingly, I managed to convince the police that Elizabeth
had gone missing on her way back home. It was painful not to be able to tell
the truth, but no one would have believed me, and I was already lucky enough
not to be convicted of murder or something else terrible. To this day, I have
never found someone I connected to like Elizabeth, and I most likely never
will. Star, as much love as he gave me for those years, took that precious
thing away from me. 

I drove back a few weeks later to that backroad to bury
Star’s body, but no matter how far and wide I searched, I couldn’t find him. 

Even now, I am terrified that someone could’ve pick him up. I’ve
always wondered if someone did, is he still watching me, waiting to get his revenge?
It’s driven me absolutely mad I’ll never now. That’s my fault, I guess. I was a
coward. 

If you ever find yourself walking at night, you may find a
kitten, mewing for your help. His cry and eyes will be too sweet for their own
good and he’ll adore you to pieces. But be warned, his love for you is as
strong as his appetite, and he will kill whatever comes between either of them.
So please, if you ever see Star, or whatever is sprawled unto his collar:

[DON'T BRING IT HOME.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/StoryStar/)*[WP] Wandering the streets, jobless, homeless, you happen across a silver ring with an inscription: "Help for the Needy." Idly you slip it on. Suddenly a voice resonates deep within your bones: "44 YARDS NORTH A CHILD LIES FACE DOWN IN THEIR POOL, UNATTENDED. DEATH IN 172 SECONDS. TIME TO RUN."*

No, Jeremy was sure this had to be a prank. A stupid ring on the ground couldn’t actually be able to… but, what if?

Well, it’s not like they had anything better to do.

On his ventures around the dumpsters, he found a small shiny ring covered in the dirt. Brushing it off greeted him with the most detailed ring they’ve ever seen. A carefully inscription was inscribed on its side:

*This ring is dedicated for the help of the needy. It’s possessor shall be able to help those in their moments of crisis, and darkest of hours.”*

Jeremy knew he could probably get a couple bucks of this at the pawn shop, and casually slipped it on for safe keeping. The moment it slipped their finger burned like fire. In their head was the loudest voice they’ve ever heard.

***ALERT! ALERT! "44 YARDS NORTH A CHILD LIES FACE DOWN IN THEIR POOL, UNATTENDED. DEATH IN 172 SECONDS. TIME TO RUN."***

The response was almost automatic, running in a completely different direction to wherever his body was . He found himself in complete confusion of why he listening to what was surely early signs of schizophrenia, but off he went.

The gate rattled as he jumped over it. Sure enough, there was a child sitting motioniessly on the deep end in the pool. Jeremy rushed to the other side and pulled him out, finding the child’s face to being completely blue. Luckily, Jeremy managed to recall his lessons of CPR and promptly got to work.

12 seconds to spare 

It took a few minutes, but eventually the boy began to move and spit of water. A wave of relief came over Jeremy, and he pulled the child up.

“Where are your parents?” Jeremy asked trying to keep calm.

“I-I don’t know” the boy stammered out. “I think there in the house and-“  

The child’s reply was suddenly cut off by the blaring of police sirens. A neighbor had called in a buggery, and possible weapons on the suspect. Jeremy looked around and realized he just ran into MeadowWoods, one of the most richest and heavily-guarded neighborhoods in the state.

Another voice popped in Jeremy’ head.

***“ALERT. ALERT. “USER SURROUNDED BY POLICE. DEATH IN 72 SECONDS. TIME TO RUN.”***You guys are rad.You know what really weird? Being 29 and still eating Mac & Cheese with those little dinosaur chicken nuggets. You know what's even weirder? Making them for your wife and her actually liking it. And you know what's even weirder than all that?

Her suddenly turning into the ancient Greek God of Zeus and being taken on a one-way trip to the heavens. Why yes, this morning has been pretty damn weird, thanks for asking. 

Zeus explained he enjoyed my meal so much that I would become the the new God Of Cooking , or "Cookius" if you will. Apparently the old one fell into a vat of creamy mashed potatoes, and was um, well.... "mashed" to bits. 

Zeus handed me a spatula, gave me a kitchen, and ordered me to create another sublime dish. Having no culinary talent what so ever, I adopted for some spicy ramen noodles to him to try out. Shockingly though, he seemed to hate them. He hated them so much in fact that he would cast me into the bowels of hell unless I could pull something off like my first dish. He would give me five human years. 

And so I worked in that kitchen for five years. Reading on how to cook, learning the intricacies of the food. I painstakingly tried again and again with every failed dish, trying to find that perfect food that would be fit for a god. 

And the day before my time would be, I believe I made the perfect dish. A Beef Wellington cooked as tender as could be, sided off with a bowl of Boeuf Bourguignon and of course, my signature chicken nuggets. 

I handed my plate to Zeus and anxiously watched him slowly take his first bite. To my relief, he seemed to love it. As promised he didn't send me to the deepest circle, but I would get my title taken away regardless. 

"W-what?" I stammered out "B-but you said you liked it!"

"I did," Zues replied, "But I found an even better cook. And they come from a place that I would least expected it. Surely you know humans weren't the only ones to evolve on this Earth?"

"What are you talking about?" 

"Deep in the depths, there is an creature who can make the most perfect patty. For tentatively watching the beef cook, to even tucking its pickles in with a blanket of cheese. They shouldn't even be able to cook considering they're underwater, but they defy the very laws of nature to cook. I had the chance to try one, after a good friend of the sea recommended me too. The creature can make it better than any human can."

"Oh yeah, and who is this person?"

"They only go by one title, my dear friend:

***Spongebob Sqaurepants***"If there’s anything that’s more common in American education
than leaving every class knowing jack-all, it’s the relentless bullying. With
no growth spurt and social graces to be found, I was an absolutely delightful
target for anyone who needed someone to pick on. How many times would I be
hurled those endless insults on my deepest insecurities? How many times was I to
be knocked down just for them to laugh and run off? The teachers were somehow
as useless as my neglectful parents. Everyone just couldn’t bear to give a damn
about what those rotten kids did. After all, the parents provided the big bucks
to keep the place afloat. Hell, I doubt anyone cared they I would ditch school
some days, just to not deal with the hell given to me. 

Yes, sometimes it would be much better than to just find myself
in the woods. I always managed to find a nice comfy place to sit down, and
would just get lost in the stories I could come up with. They were truly the
few bastions of escape I had left in my life, and all my hard work from these
past few years was in a tattered notebook. I couldn’t say all those stories
were magnum-opuses, but they were mine, and they were proof I could be something
more than everyone’s chew-toy. 

But of course! All happiness must be taken and burned to the
ground! I guess they felt especially evil that day. Just as I was writing
the last few words to a particularly long story, something grabbed me by my
neck into the air. They spanned me around and gave a hard blow to my side,
making me drop the notebook. I tried to grab it only to have another blow hit
right in the stomach. 

When my vision came to I could see Jeremy giving me a
devilish sneer, and his surrounding little posse cheering him on. 

“Ah, so this is where you’ve been hiding?” Jeremy taunted as
he grabbed and flipped through the book, “My my, looks like you’ve got a lot in
here! These all your little revenge fantasies? Do you slay us all and walk away
in shining armor with the princess?”

I tried harder to squirm away. He slammed me to the ground. 

“Well, I don’t know about you guys, but I don’t like those
kinds of stories. Say we do the world a favor and just get rid of this shit?”

And just like that, one of them handed Jeremy a lighter, and
all that work for years had gone up into flames in what… ten seconds? They held
me ever so tight and forced me to watch. One even got the bright idea to bring
my face close to the fire as a lasting memory, but even the worst of people
can’t stand the loudest of shrieks. Only after all that did they finally let go
and walk away congratulating themselves, leaving me with nothing but a pile of
ash and a terrible burn on my cheek. 

How long did I lie there in shock? An hour? Five? Twelve? It
didn’t matter, no one would come looking. By the time I truly accepted what had
happened, the moon was already shining down. I slowly got up and trudged toward
the river, only to fall back down in defeat. I could do nothing but cry and let
my tears become part of the stream. It’s what a loser like me was to do after
all. I angrily slammed my hand down, but instead of hearing a satisfying crunch
of leaves, my hand pressed on something hard and metallic. 

I managed to stop my sobbing for a moment to brush off the
pile of leaves. I found what looked to be the pendant part of a necklace, only
as big as the palm of my hand. One side depicting an angel staring right at me,
captioned as a “Guardian Angel.” I could just barely make out the small text on
the other side: 

“To the weary and weak, this is a Guardian Angel. He will protect,
he will guide, he will love like the father to a child.” 

I’ve never been that religious, but everything in me wanted
nothing more than for those words to be true. I clutched it to my heart, and
using the last shred of my hope, waited for this mystic angel. 

For probably the first time in my life, a wish of mine came
true. 

There he was, hovering over the river. I could see his
outline from the moonlight. His long blond hair wavered in the sudden wind, and
his bright emerald eyes stared at me. Its golden wings fluttered and seemed to
give off orange sparks. I should’ve ran away, but I had nowhere to go. 

“What is it, my child? What are your woes?”

I wasn’t sure if I had completely snapped and was talking to
thin air or there really was something I shouldn’t be messing with in front of
me, but with my trembling voice, I told it all of what happened. I had been
reduced once again to a sobbing mess. 

“Please, don’t cry my child. There is a solution.” 

The angel stepped forward and placed some kind of syringe
into my hand. 

“This will take care of everything.” The angel whispered
into my ear. “Strike it unto them, and they are no more.” 

 “But… but I can’t do
that!” I cried to the being, “I… I just can’t.”

“Look at what they have done already”, it softly spoke as it
stroked my cheek. “If you will not be the end of them, they will be the end of
you.” 

“W-why can’t you do it?” I stammered out. 

“I can only guide. You must act. I will protect you from your
retribution and will give you the courage you need for tonight. Go forth. ” 

At that moment, I felt something… powerful. Unwavering.
Courageous. I had all the power in that world in that one instant, and the
confidence to match. I could do what must be done. 

It’s hard to remember what happened next. I faintly recall
some glass shattering, a muffled cry, and the fluttering of wings. But my next
clear memory wouldn’t be until morning, jumping out of bed and looking down at
myself. I looked to be… completely fine. I searched my entire room, but the
syringe and pendant were nowhere to be seen. I sighed both in relief in
disappointment that it had all been a dream, but I couldn’t deny how tender the
skin of my cheek felt. 

I found some courage to actually attend school that day, but
only a few seemed to have shown up. Apparently, everyone was petrified of a string
of murders the occurred last night. No wounds on any of the victims, not even a
trace of blood. No weapon was ever found, and no fingerprints. Hell, the police
couldn’t even figure out if they even were even murders. Sometimes, unfortunate
deaths just happen like that.

I was wracked with confusion and guilt over may have
happened, but the police couldn’t even get close to finding a culprit, and the
case turned ice cold. As the days went on, normalcy slowly returned. I found
without Jeremy and his little gang around (and the fact that everyone else was
too terrified to become new bullies) it was much easier to study, and my
academics improved infinitely. I graduated with decent marks and found a pretty
decent job in another town, which was a great excuse to ditch everything and
start a new life. My life. 

Tonight, it’ll be twenty years since that night occurred. I still struggle to make any sense out of it, maybe I just made myself believe all this just to protect my sanity. But I tried not to think about it too much. After all, I have a lovely wife and kids I need to focus on. But, if it ever did exist, I’m always curious where the pendant ended up. I do hope it’s in good hands. I wonder if I ever need it, will that angel come back, and give me that same courage again?
 

**Thanks for reading :)**Hi! I’m Jessie Jinkins! Believe it or not, I started out as
a cartoon character. Ah, what was my creator’s name again? Mr. Crawl? It’s
difficult to remember at my age. The last time I saw him was all the way back
in 1957, with all those stab wounds. Yes, he was just sprawled on the floor,
painted with a look of terror. 

Mr. Crawl made me out the blue on a late stormy night. His
wife left him a long while ago, so all to keep him company was the heavy
downfall of the rain and the steady dripping from the leaks in his little
run-down apartment. The only light he could afford to keep on was a single lamp
on the desk. He obsessively drew and drew, trying to make his little animation
perfect. He had high hopes for me. Surely, I would be the character to give him
his big break of stardom. 

And just like that, with the bright light of the lamp
blinding me, I was born! Well, not exactly “born”. I didn’t really have any
sort of free will just yet. I just did whatever wacky hijinks Mr. Crawl drew for
me, dancing from frame to frame for all those months until he was finally
ready to show my pilot to the studio. 

What luck did Mr. Crawl have that day! It seemed I was his
little gem, and they picked it up for two seasons. The Jessie Jinkies Show. Still
think it was a cute name. I found myself content for those first few episodes,
Mr. Crawl was always very creative with his stories. I was apparently a hit with the
kids too, and Mr. Crawl could finally afford some decent equipment from my
success. It would’ve not been too bad of a life, had it stayed that way. 

The honeymoon period was quickly beginning to vanish after a
year or so though. My once lively cartoon world was becoming… bleaker. The
jokes became more and more flat. Those once new and exciting stories had become
clichés and parodies of themselves. I remember watching Mr. Crawl practically
begging those stuffy execs to just like him end the series, showing a
storyboard for something new. 

“Sorry boss, can’t do.” Mr. Crawl mocked their words as I
watched him storm into the apartment. “It’s our biggest show right now. Just
try to make it work.”

But even as life had become dull for me, it took no worse a
toll than on my creator. The warm, motivated smile that he always drew me with all
but faded; a cold, stern one to replace it. One night, Mr. Crawl was just about
to finish the final frame of me for my 400

th episode, when he
suddenly squeezed his pencil and snapped it. Tears poured down unto me as he
began to cry. 

“This is bullshit!” he growled to himself. “I didn’t think
it’d be like this! I created a monster!”

And in a furious rage, Mr. Crawl suddenly grabbed the frame
of me and ripped it in half. That would be the first time I felt pain. 

Not only was is terrible to feel my body split in half, but
I didn’t understand why he did it. “Did my creator not love me anymore?” I pondered.
And without even realizing it, I had just had my first thought, all on my own.

Then another thought passed through my head: Why not ask
him? It was troubling to speak at first without any speech bubbles, but I
managed. 

“W-Why you’d do that, Mr. Crawl?” I stammered out. “Don’t
you like me no more?” 

His scream was higher-pitched than even my best soprano, and
in his panic dropped the ripped paper and stumbled backward. He ended up
slipping on a broken piece of the pencil and slamming right into the wall,
knocking him out cold. 

Thankfully, I did not in fact kill him right then and there.
He awoke a few hours, rubbing the nasty bruise on his head.

“Jesus- what did I-“

“Gee, I’m real sorry about that, Mr. Crawl!” I shouted over
to him. Didn’t mean to shake you so badly.”

Mr. Crawl shrieked again, jumping up and pushing himself
against the wall. Fortunately, this time he had the sense to watch his step. He
stared down at me for a few seconds with a panicked look but began to laugh. 

“Well, that’s just fantastic! My stress with this damn show
has gone completely to my head! Now I think she’s talking!”

“But I am talking Mr. Crawl!” I exclaimed. “From the paper
you ripped up! Why’d you do that anyway?”

Mr. Crawl's nervous smile completely faded, and he began to slowly
creep towards me. I waved to him. It was the first time I moved on my own. 

“Oh… oh my god. You- no, you aren’t talking. How can you
be?”

I titled my head and shrugged. “Don’t know, maybe there’s
something special in those pens you got there?”

“Well… they were my father’s actually, gave me them be he disappeared
and- no! No, I’m not feeding this delusion, or whatever this is! That’s it! I’m
calling the studio tomorrow and-“

“Mr. Crawl, do you wanna talk about it, maybe?” I
interrupted. “I’m all ears and got nowhere to be. Oh, but we talk, can you
maybe draw me on a new sheet? I don’t like being in half very much.”

Mr. Crawl stared at me for a few moments, I smiled ever so
brightly and even tried to do a little dance for him. It was a little hard
trying to control both my sides at once though. 

He chuckled. “You know what? Sure. Maybe that'll help me
destress and fix… whatever’s happening with me right now.”

We talked all throughout the night, both of us trying our
both to figure out what was going on. And even as he questioned his sanity, I
think Mr. Crawl appreciated talking to someone that knew what he was going
through. I’d been with him every step of the way and knew of every tribulation
he had gone through. Over those few months, Mr. Crawl warmed up the idea of me
being real, and perhaps even a friend. 

The next few years were tolerable thanks to this strange thing
we had. It was kind of funny in a way, I went from having no life to two; in
the day I performed like a puppet in those tired stories, and in the night I
was his friend to talk to. And even funnier, I was beginning to feel things for
him… beyond friendship. By the way he talked and laughed with me, I thought he had
felt the same.  

But, of course, he didn’t. I wouldn’t have come to your world
if he did. 

One day, Mr. Crawl barged into the apartment with a smile
brighter than I had seen him within in a long while. 

“Watcha smiling for so nicely?” I asked him.

“You’re not gonna believe this, but I actually managed a
date. She’s real pretty, beautiful blond hair and emerald eyes. We’re going out
this Saturday. It’s all thanks for you Jessie, talking to you gave me the confidence
to ask her.”

I returned a smile, but to tell you the truth, I was
devastated. I… I know it probably couldn’t have worked, but with the way he
laughed and chattered with me, I thought he wanted to… at least try? 

For the first time in my existence, I felt my negative emotion.
It was something... dark. 

“But-but Mr. Crawl!” I stuttered out. “I- I thought you…
liked me? The real way?”

Mr. Crawl stared with a surprised look.

“Oh, Jessie… that’s real sweet but, but… I don’t see you like
that. I liked you as a friend and that’s it. I’m not even entirely convinced
you’re not a hallucination even after all this time. And besides, you’re just a
cartoon character. Nothing more.”

I watched him from the bed as he slept. A voice kept
rattling his words in my head. 

_“And besides, you’re just a cartoon character. Nothing
more.”_

_“You’re just a cartoon character. Nothing more.”_

**_“Nothing more.”_**

It swirled into my head for hours until all I could feel was
that darkness I felt earlier. I would later come to know then as anger and
jealousy. He was right, I was just a cartoon.

Well, I was going to become something more. For him. 

So every day, I practiced shattering that glass-like barrier
that kept me from his world when he wasn’t looking. Just picking at it, looking
for its weakness. 

One night, as I watched him sleep, that some voice screamed
again.

 “Become more than a
cartoon, Jessie. Jump through. Jump through. Jump through. **JUMP THROUGH**.”

Without even thinking about it, I began to leap myself to
the barrier. I punched it. Once, twice, thrice, until the thing shattered and I
could see the real plane, clearer than ever. I slowly began to reach my hand
through. 

I was here. I was more. 

Mr. Crawl shrieked when he saw me in the bathroom combing my
hair, humming the theme to my show. 

“Oh, that’s wonderful! You’re awake!” I cheered, turning
around to greet him. “So, you like how I look in your world?”

“J-Jessie!?” Mr. Crawl stuttered, shocked. 

“In the flesh! I finally got out! Now we can be start dating!
We can do anything but fishing, I still have nightmares about the one episode
with the shark and-”

“J-Jessie… Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ! I- I can’t wrap my
head around this!” Mr. Crawl cried out, grabbing his head in frustration. 

“Aww, don’t worry.” I cooed in his ear as I patted him on
the back. “You’re just a little confused right now. It’s weird, I get it. But
hey, let’s get our minds off it! So, I thinking we could go to that restaurant
I’ve always seen outside your window for our first outing and-“

“Jessie… I don’t love you.” Mr. Crawl growled. 

“Well why the hell not!?” I suddenly shouted in his face, shoving
him back. “I’m not just a cartoon anymore! Look! I’m human! Just like you!”

“I don’t care!” Mr. Crawl snapped, pushing me back. “I told
you, I don’t love you! You’re just part of a rotten thing that I’m stuck
working on to keep the lights on! I found love now! I don’t need you anymore!
You’re… you’re still just a damn cartoon! A figment I let go on for too long!”

We both stared at each other for a few seconds. I was hoping
he’d start laughing and just said he was joking, but that angry expression remained.
I could feel my heart rip in two, and my sense of reason along with it. 

There was one of his drawing pens on the floor, perhaps even
the very one that gave me life. He drew me too lean and quick to even react. In
my blind and jealous rage, I grabbed the pen and completely jammed it into his
eyes. He crashed into his desk behind him.

If it means anything to you anything did reader, I kept true
to the heart of gold I was given and did the job very quickly. I pride myself on
the fact he probably didn’t even know what hit him. I don’t even know what hit
him myself. All I remember was the aftermath and this incredible feeling of
satisfaction. He just there, ahis eyes plucked and all bloodied up. 

I pressed my hand on my chest, relishing in the fact of the
pounding heart. Yes, I had a heartbeat now! Mr. Crawl was wrong, I was human! I
looked out to the window, the rain pouring down much like the first night of my
life. And now, I had the opportunity to see how the rain felt. 

I slowly made my way down the steps of the apartment complex,
looking up to the sky and putting my hand out to feel the raindrops.

 I must have looked
strange in my still-cartoonish dress for that man to walk up to me all
concerned. 

“Hey, miss, you doing okay?” he softly asked. “Kinda look
you been through hell, if you don’t mind me saying.”

I stared at him, unsure of what to say. 

“Hey, you… got something going on with your husband up
there? I mean, got a couch you can sleep on if you want. No strings attached.”

Looking back, it probably wasn’t the best idea to go with a
complete stranger, but being new and naïve to the world I took his hand anyway.
I put my head on his shoulder as we shared his umbrella, looking back to the
apartment and watching it slowly fade out into the distance. 

Perhaps fate did have something better for me than Mr. Crawl
after all. I found the true kind of love with Ricardo, and we’ve truly had a
great life together. The real world is so much more fun that a cartoon, even
with all its evil. I only have one gripe with this world, and sadly it’s the
most important. It seems to have stepped into your world was to have lost my
immortality. I have aged just as any other human would. Did death ever knock me
in the face when I learned Ricardo and I would face that great unknown,
even worse now that I have to do it alone. Yes, Ricardo perished just a few
months ago, tragically stabbed to death in an alleyway. Just the night after we
had that big fight too. I never got to say sorry. 

And so, as I’m on death doorsteps, I wanted to write this
out. Take this as my life story or just a confession, it doesn’t really matter
to me. I know most of you won’t believe such a ridiculous tale, but I know
someone out there will understand. Perhaps others who have had the same beginning
as me. 

In 1957, an animator died in his little apartment. He had
multiple stab wounds, but there wasn’t even a fingerprint to find the culprit.
The police wrote it off as just another cold case, but now you know
what happened. You now know about Jessie Jinkies, who was born as a cartoon and
will die as a human, and the animator who was killed on those years ago on that
rainy day.Hey evereyone! I'mwho you've probably seen fromThis is where I'll post my stories. Enjoy!We may have chosen different paths in life, but Emily and I had managed to be best friends up until college graduation. I was always the sort of play-it-safe type of gal and ending up getting a cushy job at a Fortune 500 company. But, Emily never gave up her dream of becoming a world-famous animator. Even though she struggled to keep the lights on and got more rejection letters that I probably could have ever handled, she was always optimistic about her dream. It was admirable, all the time she put until creating her work.

“I know this one’s gonna be it!” She eagerly told me as she showed me the letter. “I know for sure these guys are gonna .”

“Wait, are you sure you want to show them that one? It’s sort of um... far out there.”

“I gotta stand out somehow Izzy! Besides, they’ll get what I’m going for.”

She had a lot of other really good ideas and I still have no idea why she decided to pick that one. I wonder if I was just honest with her that the premise of a crab becoming sentient and trying to integrate into society was maybe just a little too weird for stuffy execs to understand, none of this would have happened and… no. I can’t think that way. I couldn’t have known.

Unsurprisingly, to only me it seemed, The Adventures of Carl the Crab was rejected. This time though, I could tell this one truly devastated her. This is the one she really thought would be her big chance, and they didn’t even bother to fully hear out the pitch. She promised her folks that if she couldn’t land something in the year, she would work at an office job. The idea was now very possible and I let her cry on my shoulder as we sat ate ice cream late in the night and watched the stars.

“I-I just thought…” Emily trembled out, a tear dropping on her chocolate scoop. “I was just… so confident in it…”

“I know, it sucks. But, if it makes you feel any better, it’s not so bad working at an office job. I can even put a good word at my place and when you climb the ladder far enough, we can work together. That’d pretty cool, right?

I was hoping that would give her at least some solace, but I just made thing worst. She started to sob harder. That was really something stupid to say. With Emily, the monotony of an office job would be like poison. I doubt she would’ve lasted the first few months.

I was attempting to comfort her again by brushing through her hair, when her phone suddenly rang.

The universe has a habit of kicking you when you’re down, doesn’t it? It seemed as if it wanted to give Emily given one more slap in the face before the night’s end.  She got word that her father passed away when she was in the meeting. He died of heart attack in the cubicle at his office. They believed he probably worked himself to death.

Emily just had the sunken look her in eyes, and just started to aimlessly walk into the darkness. I thought about calling out back to her, but after what she dealt with today, it was probably better to leave her alone.

Even though Emily’s family was never rich, the inheritance she received was poor even by their standards. All she received was just barely enough money for a couple months of rent, and a small, black box of silver fountain pens.

“This is bullshit!” Emily exclaimed as I inspected the pens in the coffee shop. “Why would he just leave me with this?! He didn’t even give me the apartment! Did he really hate my choices in life that much!?”

I tried to calm her down. “Oh come on, I’m sure there’s a good reason he gave you these. Maybe they’re family heirlooms or-”

“Izzy, why the hell would fountain pens be- you know what, whatever. It doesn’t matter. My big break is gone. It doesn’t matter. I may as well use these to draw porn or something.”

“Emily, come on, you-”

“Look,” Emily sighed “I… gotta start applying for some jobs. I’ll talk to you later.”

With that, I gave her back the fountain pens and saw her sadly slip out the door. It hurt for me to see her in this condition, but there really wasn’t much I could do.

I didn’t end up seeing Emily for like a week after that. She wasn’t responding to my text and calls, and frankly I was getting scared she killed herself. I was just about to call the cops for a welfare check when she finally sent me a text.

“Hey Izzy! So, sorry for goin dead there, I just been really busy. So, I actually did start drawing with those pens and, um… can we meet up at the coffee shop again? I need to show you something.”

Emily came in with some of the animations I’d seen already for Carl the Crab, but something was different about them. I thought Emily’s style was already pretty good, but these had a new level of depth I’ve never seen in her work. It almost felt like I could jump right in them.

“W-wow Emily, these look even better than what you showed me. Did you redraw these?”

“I redid the entire animation test, actually. I started to draw with those pens, and… my hands just kinda just took over at that point. I also reworked the script with those pens, and these ideas just kept popping into my head.”

“Wait, the whole thing? Didn’t that take you six months your first time?”

“W-what can I say,” Emily said in a flustered tone. “I sort of been putting in long nights.”

I stared in silence at Emily for a few moments, and started to notice the large black circle under her eyes. “Hey… are you okay? No offense but you look um… kinda shitty.”

Emily nervously twirled her hair. “N-No, I’m fine, I promise. I know this sounds weird, but it just feels really freaking good to work with those pens. I feel so confident in my work now, I actually think I’m gonna try that pitch again.

“Hey, more power to you sis, tell me how it goes.”

Emily was ecstatic on the phone. Amazingly, they offered her to pick her show up. I actually wanted to go out a dinner to celebrate, but she said she was too busy to show a thing. I was actually a little that she couldn’t find just a couple hours to celebrate that big of an achievement.

“It’s fine.” I tried to comfort myself. “I’m sure there’s just something she really needs to do.”

And this is when things got pretty bad. For those next few months, she went nearly completely silent on me, only texting me to cancel plans. Is that just how it was now? She gets that big break, and I’m just left out in the cold like that, after all that time? I know friendships drafting away was usually inevitable but… damn, could she at least say we were done?

Well, I was going to make her. I marched in front of her apartment and started pounding the door.

“Emily, you in there? I need to talk to you. Like, right now.”

The door cracked open, and I could see Emily’s eyes peeking through. There was no light behind her but the glow from her computer screen.

“Emily…” I said exasperated. “Like, are we even friends anymore? You keep cancelling on me and-“

“Is this related to Carl the Crab?” Emily cut me in a hoarse voice.

“Oh my god Emily shut up about Carl the Crab, that’s all you’ve ever talked about for months now. When the hell is going on with-“

“Can’t talk, gotta get back to work. Bye.”

And with that, she promptly slammed the door in my face. Like a reasonable person, I should have taken that as the cue that the friendship was over and to walk away. But I felt humiliated and my pride was on the line. So, I knocked on the door again. As soon as I heard it unlock, I barged my way through.

“What the hell is wrong with you asshole?!” I screamed at her as she fell to the ground. “We’ve been friends for this long and you just treat me like-“

I stopped myself as I stared at what was now Emily. She was completely skin and bones, and her entire face looked sulked in. Her skin was completely pale like a vampire, and her once blond was now completely black and looked to be falling out. There was a pen jammed right into right arm, and I could see these terrible black veins protruding all around it.

“Oh, oh my god. You… look terrible. What’s-what’s going on?” I asked Emily horrified.

I looked around the room. It was a complete mess, with animation cells scattered all across the floors and pinned to the walls. One wall seemed to be completely dedicated to scribbles of… fountain pens. I nearly gagged on the smell of vomit that waft throughout the room.

I looked back down to Emily, completely entranced on something else. She was staring down at her side where there was a small, growing puddle of black ink.

“You… you made me break one of the pens.” Emily whispered.

“The pens? Like the pens on the wall?”

“You broke of the pens...” Emily whispered again, this time looking up at me with a terrible glare.

“I came more about you then your damn pens. We’re going to the hospital.”

“YOU BROKE ONE OF THE PENS!” Emily shouted. And with speed and force incredible for someone in her state, she lunged at me and forced me to the ground.

I tried to throw her off me, but she had me completely pined with this primal rage I hadn’t ever seen before. The adrenaline in her bloodshot eyes was like that of a wild dog, and I knew she had every attention of killing me. She pulled out a pen from her pocket, and with shaking hands she began to hover the pen over my eye.

“The pens work Izzy!” Emily cried deliriously. “The ink is beautiful! I’ll let you see it!”

She drilled the pen down and completely plunged it into my left eye. I howled out in pain, and only did she finally let go of me. I ran out the door, screaming bloody murder. I turned around just for a second to look back at Emily almost remorseful expression. And maybe I was just imagining it but I swear… I could see her drooling some weird black substance.

“I’m so sorry!” Emily cried in a seemingly moment of lucidity. “The pens made me do it. Please leave. Leave. Leave. I can’t control it. No control. I have to get back to work. I have to get back to it. You’re my best friend, please don’t forget it.”

But I wasn’t listening. I slammed the door shut, limping down the hallway, trying to figure out what to do. I already lost a lot of blood, but I managed to crawl to my car and call 911. As I heard the ambulance’s sirens, I had almost completely lost consciousness, and the world became dark.

I woke up in the hospital a few days later. I was still in complete shock. Emily had completely destroyed my eye. But there was no retribution to be found for me; they found her at her desk, dead from a heart attack. Just like her father, she had also seemed to work herself to death.

Even after what after Emily did to me, I still find myself missing that girl dearly, as strange as that sounds. To this day, I have no idea if what she had said about the fountain pens was true or not. They never found them in apartment, and my efforts to relocate them have proven fruitless.

However, what I’m most worried about is what was in the pen she stabbed me with. Lately I’ve been noticing these little black spots near me shattered eye, and I find it harder and harder to pull myself out of my work, even after long hours. Somedays, I even get the urge to forgo sleep and eating, just to continue working.

I don’t know where those fountain pens ended up, but I swear I will find them. They already made me lose my eye and best friend, I’m not gonna let anyone else suffer. And reader, I know they’ll seem very alluring at first when you first start working with them, but please, for you and everyone you love:

Destroy Them.[WP] Being a curator for a museum, you have had many ancient items come through your office. Most recently, a tome supposedly accompanied by dark beings who gain power based on what is written. You come to your office to find the book open on the floor and your 4-year-old doodling on its pages.

Tobuscus’s book; one of the most elusive finds of Edward’s career. It was away in a deep chamber of the pyramid, where they it couldn’t been seen without the help of infrared. Its pages are made out a pure human skin, a warning painted in dried blood:

"To ye who write in thy book, controls the power of the Gods."

Edward obviously wasn’t going to experiment with demons (exorcists are pretty expensive this time around) but his daughter seemed to have different plans. When he came back from his lunch break, little Emily had already doodled in five pages. Edward tried to pull away the book, but it was already to late. A mysterious figure began forming in the corner of the room, slowing inching closer;

It was Tobuscus.

“Ahh, after 10,000 years I’m free!” he shouted. “It’s time to conquer the Earth!”

Edward tried to pull his daughter away from the creature, but she was already tugging as the demon’s robes.

“Oh, I’ve seen this small child is the one who I am in service to!” he said while picking up the book. “Now, let’s see what powers this mortal greeted me and- what the fuck.”

Tobuscus flipped through the pages and discovered that they were nothing but drawing of toys.

“Make toy!” Emily giggled while pointing at a distorted picture of a bicycle.

“Surely you jest human!” the demon said looking concerned. “I have the power to destroy worlds! Surely you’d want to do something more-“

“Make. Toy.” Emily repeated coldly.

Tobuscus sighed, and with a snap of the finger a brand-new bicycle on the front lawn. Emily rushed out, leaving Edward looking staring fearfully towards the demon.

“Umm,” Edward stammered out. “So, she only gave you powers for toys.”

“And unicorns.”

“And how long are you in service to us?”

“4,000 years.”

Well, at least I won’t have to pay $50 for lego sets now.I don’t remember when I exactly got into the art of trolling, but it became an addiction the moment I did. Depression, loneliness, and isolation were staples of my teen years, and just being able to be cruel to others through the internet was such a strange yet comforting outlet for all my pain. It didn’t matter where I was trolling or even what it was about, just getting someone to feel the same pain as me was enough. I loved seeing how angry and offended people could get with simply a few clicks of my keyboard. I will even admit that I even… pleasured myself to particular successful trolls. It was my pride and joy6, even if how horrible that sounds.

At the time I didn’t even think I was doing anything wrong. Sure, I was making a lot of people angry just for the hell of it, but the way I saw it, I wasn’t hurting anyone. I was just a faceless person in the sea of millions. Surely those reasonable would brush it off, and those less smart would eventually grow tired. The anonymity of the screen was my armor, and those on the other side couldn’t do a thing about it.

Just like an addict, I eventually to get more and more drastic measures to get my fix. My usual shticks just didn’t feel the same. All these thoughts screamed at me that I needed to something bigger, something more devious than I ever had. Life has been particularly cruel to me on that day, and all I wanted to do was cut deeper than I ever had before. So, I listened to that terrible part of me, and it ran the show for the rest of that night.

I don’t even remember what the site was called or if it’s even still around anymore, but people came to it to grieve their losses; pets, friends, family or otherwise. I knew about the website after my father passed, and I knew there were plenty of broken and hurt souls that I could pick and choose from. I logged into my account and started fishing for a response until I finally got a bite.

“JACOBT2049 accepted your friend request! Invite to chat?”

Like all good predators who stalk their prey, I played nice at first. Quickly gained their trust, let them pour their heart out to me. I honestly would have found it pathetic if I didn’t do the exact same thing all those years ago. His mother’s funeral was just two days ago, and he was struggling to cope. Justice herself couldn’t even comfort him, as the trail to find her murderer was completely ice cold. I thought for a second to just stop and leave poor guy alone, but the power of young stupidity is unmatched.

“Sorry, Jacob.” I remember thinking smugly thinking to myself. “I’m not interested in pitying you.”

I went in for the kill.

Message sent by Arnold4930: “Wow Jacob, you’re completely pathetic. Maybe if you’re mom wasn’t a fucking whore, maybe she wouldn’t have died. Just couldn’t get away from all that dick, huh?

I couldn’t help but to giggle at his barrage of expletives he sent. I don’t think I’ve ever gotten someone that angry before. I could feel the rage pour through from every single world. I could feel myself finally getting that mischievous grin and continued on with my little charade.

Message sent by Arnold4390: Lol, don’t get triggered over the truth. She deserved to die. Do you even know who your real dad is?

After a awhile, his furious storms of replied turned to those of defeat.

“I trusted you.” I remember one message saying. “Why would you say that. I don’t understand.”

“Damn, I can taste his tears even from here.” I said aloud with a chuckle. “And now for the cherry on top. “

Message sent by Arnold4390: “Maybe it’s because I killed her, right after having some fun with here. She was loose as hell. Lmao.”

I expected another glorious storm of messages to get me that wonderful high I’ve come to know with trolling, but instead it went completely dead.  It was almost angering after I spent so much time building all that up. I wondered perhaps if they caught on to my trolling and just stopped replying, or if they even called the cops. Only after an hour did I finally get a reply back. Even now, those words fill me with fear.

Message from JacobT: This is all your fault. You are going to die by my hand. Expect me.

My eyes went wide. That was absolutely not what I was expecting.

Anxiety and dread filled me to the brim over the next couple of days. I thought over the idea of telling my mom or even the police, but I couldn’t bear to let others know what I had said. Things would have surely been even worse for me than they were then. No, I didn’t need to tell anyone! He was trying to scare me! I convinced myself more and more of the notion as time moved on and nothing happened. I eventually forgot all about it and resumed the painful monotony that was life. I continued my little trolling spree, but I never quite could bring myself to the same intensity that I did with Jacob. Something kept nagging at me how I went too far even for me, and that… no, didn’t I already know he was bluffing?

Then, it happened.

It was a cold winter night, just a little past two in the morning. As usual I was playing videos much later then I should’ve, and that’s when I heard it. It sounded like glass shattering from downstairs. At first, I just stood completely frozen and hoped that it came from the game, but as another window shattered echoed through the halls I scrambled for the closet.

It felt as if hours had passed by in there. My breathing refused to calm as the sweat beaded down from my forehead. I reached towards my pocket to call the police, only to discover I had left my phone on my desk. I was just beginning to gain the courage to run out and go get it when my door slammed open and somebody stomped into my room.

“Where the fuck are you!?” a voice screeched as they charged into my room. “You’re already dead! Come out now and I’ll make it quick!”

The squeal that accidentally escaped my mouth gave me away. The man nearly ripped the door off the closet and pressed the gun to my forehead. We stood there for a few moments, my eyes filling with tears of fear. His cold stare slowly tuned into a sinister smile, and a tear also streamed down his face.

“Why, huh!? Why’d you do it!?” He continued to bellow. “Why’d you kill her? What she do to you?!”

“I-I don’t understand.” I stammered out.

“Oh, that’s real great. So, you’ll admit it online, but you’ll play stupid in real life. It’s taking everything in me not to blow off your head right here, but I need you to see my handiwork first. You need to feel the same way I do.”

He dragged me by the hair and down the stairs, keeping the gun pointed at me the whole time. I screamed and tried to break free, but every attempt was meant with slamming my head into the wall. I was completely helpless.

Even in the near-complete darkness I still could tell it was my mother’s room; the smell of cigarette smoke was the strongest in hers. I was tossed into a nearby seat.

“Don’t move or you’re dead.” The man hissed in my ear as he made quick to tie and gag me. After tying the last knot, he slowly walked behind me and began twirling my hair.

“I’ve been waiting for this for so many months.” He cooed in my ear. “I’ve had to be so careful for this to be perfect. I’ve had to watch your every move. When you went to school, when you ate, even when you slept. But it’s all paid off. I get to finally avenge my mother. Tell me, Arnold, why did you contact me on that website of all places? Just to mess with me? Why did you make it so easy to find you?”

“J-jacob?” I muttered out.

“Hey! Look who’s starting to remember!” Jacob exclaimed with a roar of laughter. “Well, now that you’ve seem to have gotten your memory back, I can finally unveil my work I took after you. I decided it would be just perfect to leave your mother then same way you did mine.”

Jacob walked to the other side of the room to turn on the light, and I got to see what he meant.

My mother was completely still, surrounded by a pool a blood. Her hands had been completely cut off and parts of her face peeled away. I will never be able to wash out the cold, pained expression that was stuck on her. I began to vomit on the floor only for Jacob to rush back and pull my head back up.

“Oh come on!” Jacob cried out. “You honestly can’t get a taste of your own medicine? Jesus. You know what? Whatever. I’m just here to put a sick bastard down. Farewell Arnold, may you burn in hell with your mother.”

Jacob pressed the gun up to my temple, and I braced for the inevitable. A gunshot fired off.

I slowly reopened my eyes, expecting to see the dark void. But I was still in that room. I slowly turned my head up to see Jacob, only to see him catch him running out through the shattered window. The cop tried to fire some more shots as he ran into the darkness, but Jacob managed to escape into the night. I remember Jacob screaming something back to me, but my senses had already begun to blur and become muffled and the world went dark.

Those next few months were sort of a blur. I was forced to show them all those messages. It was easily the most humiliating thing I’ve ever had to do, and I’ve had to live with the guilt that my mother is dead because of me. To be honest, I think that’s worse than if I had just died right there. Well, I can't say I wouldn't have deserved it.

Jacob was right, he did plan it well. He didn’t even leave some much as a hair at the crime scene, and the cops couldn’t find so much as a lead on him. I’m constantly paranoid every waking moment. Is he still following me? Is he still plotting to kill me? Do I even truly deserve to live?

However, there’s one question that burns more than any other. I have little bits of memorabilia from each of my victims, from a dress to a shoe to a tooth. Perhaps Jacob would have been able to recognize one of her mother’s. Just describing her wouldn’t really work; I barely remember what they looked like, let alone what shape I leave them in. Alas, I will always be damned to wonder if fate just brought together that night, or if it simply coincidence that his mother passed just a few days after one of my more larger hunts.

Well, I guess I’ll never know. What a shame.You know, at least with most traumatic things in your past you
get the comfort knowing that they’re over and done. I don’t even get that small
luxury. I get to know full and well that fire is still burning just as hard as
it did 32 years ago. The heat is just as brutal, the smog is still thick as a
forest, and its victims are screaming louder than ever. Having that kind of
knowledge has tortured me every day, and the deafening silence of this cool
autumn night has made it unbearable. I know I’m probably writing my death
sentence here, but I need to get this out. I can’t let that day just be kept
under wraps forever. 

Even though dad wouldn’t ever give me the exact details of
what he did, I knew he worked for some kind of weaponry company and made a lot
of money from whatever he did. So, it was a no-brainer to take up a summer
internship when Dad said he could hook me up with one. It paid much more than
anything else a college kid could get, and the work seemed to be easy. All I
had to do was write down whatever happened, helped the scientists with whatever
they needed, and keep my mouth shut about whatever I saw.

They’ve probably gone through a hundred different names by
now, but they were called Ratavia Incorporation when I worked for them. The
thing about Ratavia was, on a legal sense, they didn’t exactly…exist. Multiple government
and large corporations payed Ratavia under the table for their more… extreme inventions
of protecting national security. Whether it be speakers that could break the
bones of interrogatees with just the power of its bass, advanced systems to
identify protestors from miles away, or a chemical gas that could turn the most
courageous of soldiers into sobbing messes, if you wanted something made to
take out someone you didn’t like all that much, chances are Ratavia already had
it perfected. 

All the things I know about could make a book all on their
own, but there’s one in particular I wanted to talk about. The one that doomed
their California base. The one that doomed me. 

The Greek Fire Project. 

You’ve all’ve probably heard about Greek Fire in your
history classes. It was an incredible invention by the Ancient Greeks that set
enemy ships ablaze. The fire would still burn despite any water to try and
douse it, and those unfortunate to be inflicted by it were at the mercy of its
unrelenting flames. The Greeks knew that they could never let other nations
know how to make it, and so kept it as a deeply-guarded secret. So much so in
fact, as Empires fell and time marched on, no one remembered how to make it.
Even now we still don’t know exactly what went into the original concoction,
and it seemed that it would be lost to history forever. 

That was until Ratavia at least. 

Greek Fire would still be an incredible asset even in our
time, and Ratavia had already tried to recreate it for some time. Apparently,
someone in Sicily found a battered manuscript containing the formula for a key
missing ingredient, and Ratavia, probably through some very questionable means,
managed to get their hands on it. By my first day, they were already preparing
to conduct the very first test of it. I was tasked recording (yes, that meant
holding one of those old huge VHS camcorders over my shoulder) and reporting
whatever happened. Hey, at least I couldn’t say my first day wouldn’t be
interesting. 

I was ushered into a large room with a group of other
scientists. They were watching intently through the protective glass as a man
in a hazmat suit begun preparing a concoction in a large, metal-like container.
Feeling anxious on my first day, I tried to make small talk with a nearby
scientist named Mr. Davidson.

Mr. Davidson was one of the leading developers for this
project as was probably even more nervous than I was. He seemed nice enough and
was happy to talk to calm both our nerves, but Mr. Davidson’s smile seemed a
little off-putting. The gleam in his eyes were saying something different than from
what came out of his mouth. 

I didn’t have much time to think about it though as a buzzer
went off and the room fell to a hush. The hazmat-man lit a match into the container
and slowly backed away.

The room fell dead silent for a few moments. Then, it
happened. 

That thing was brighter than anything I had ever seen. It
was almost too painful to look at, yet I couldn’t pry my eyes away from it. The
flames were nearly as high as the ceiling as it casted a glowing green aura
with this otherworldly purple outline. It seemed as if it was trying to escape
the confines of its prison, rattling and shaking the container. And I know this
is going to sound silly, but… but I could’ve sworn I saw a face in there for a
moment.

A scientist broke my daze as Mr. Davidson nudged me to focus
my shot. The man had started to inch forward again, holding a piece of plastic
over the fire. It caught ablaze in a near-instant, but as the flames consumed
and burnt it dark black, it didn’t melt even a little. The fire on the plastic
raged on as he set it aside and picked up other materials. Even fragile things
like paper had the same thing happen; they wouldn’t burn away, but the fire
would never cease on them. It was easily one of the strangest things I’d even
seen. 

Eventually the man brought over a yellow liquid (which I
later learned was of all things cat urine) and sprayed it over the fire. The
flames grew even more furious for a moment before it finally died down. Maybe
it was just my imagination, but before that last spark went out, I heard almost
something like a mixture of crying and laughter. 

I was about to ask on of the others if they heard it too,
but I was just trying to keep my grip on the camcorder as they suddenly erupted
into a cheer. I guess it was a great success for them, not to mention probably
a big payday. Though I joined in their cheer, I couldn’t help to ponder about
what terrible horrors this strange creation that I just witness would be used
for. 

“So,” Mr. Davidson said, again breaking my daze. “What did
you think? Pretty neat, right?”  
  

“Y-yeah. That really was something.”

“Heh,” Mr. Davidson chuckled. “I can see you’re shook up a
bit, it was quite the spectacle. But hey, just so you know you had nothing to
fear, Ratavia’s pretty good with safety.”

I gave him an assuring smile, but I still felt like
something was off. I still got that same feeling from his eyes that I did
before. 

I gave the recording to my supervisor and started heading
back to put the camcorder away. But as I passed through the corridor of offices,
I eavesdropped on a screaming match coming from one of the doors. It was Mr.
Davidson, and another unfamiliar voice. 

“Sir, how many times do I have to explain this? You got
lucky!” Mr. Davidson bellowed out. 

“Nonsense, we had the whole thing under control.”

“No, you didn’t! You’re lucky that fire, that thing decided
to play along and douse itself. If it decided to break the glass, everyone in
that room-

“That enough!” the other voice cut-off. “You don’t get paid to
complain and whine. You are going to continue with this project, and if you
don’t you can go work somewhere else. I’m done talking about this, get the hell
out of my office.”

The door slammed opened. Mr. Davidson was mumbling himself
until he caught my surprised expression. 

“Oh, hi again. So… did you just get here?” he asked me.

“S-sure.” I stammered out.

“Ah, geez. Well, pretend you did, trust me. What they’ll do to
you isn’t worth it.”

Mr. Davidson met my wide-eyed stare with a cold smile and
started to walk away.

Thinking back, I wonder how much different my life would’ve
been if I got sick that day, or just called out. I should’ve just backed out as
soon as I heard the guy from yesterday couldn’t make it and I would be the poor
bastard in the hazmat-suit. I should’ve told them no. I could’ve told the
scientists what I heard. But I was a stupid, shy little kid, and people paid
the price for my silence. 

They handed me what looked like a modified flamethrower.
Under no circumstances was I to pull the trigger unless instructed to. The
opened the door to my side of the room. I saw Mr. Davidson’s eyes widen a bit;
I think he recognized me.  It was a
strange feeling having all those scientists on me. But what was even stranger
though was what was in the room with me.

It was… a dog. A whimpering dog in a cage. 

“D-don’t tell me you want me to do what I think you do.” I gulped
out to one of the supervisors as they were about to close the door. 

“We need to test on living subjects. You’ll be paid extra. Begin
when you hear the buzzer.”

They slammed the door behind me, and I left alone with the
canine. 

My breathing began to quicken as I realized what I had to
do. Well, they were a lot of people counting on me, right? I had to it, right? Even
though I didn’t, I convinced myself I did anyway. The buzzer rang, and I closed
my eyes as I did the deed. 

*click*

I looked down. Nothing. 

*click* *click* 

Still nothing. I kept trying to click it to no avail.

“Hey, uh, guys, I think it’s bro-“

It was like a shotgun fired right next to me. There was a
bright flash, and the next thing I knew I was lying down on the floor in agony.
 Pieces of the flamethrower were
scattered everywhere. Three fingers on my right arm were missing. The fire had
completely enflamed the cage and poor dog. It wracked the dog’s body as it
hallowed out in pain and burned the skin, but it didn’t collapse. The flames
wouldn’t let it die. 

The fire was now rapidly spreading. The alarm sounded off,
the scientists were already scrambling out. The fire quickly encircled the
glass and completely shattered it. Half of them were quickly snatched by the
fire, doing its quick work. They began to roll around the floor in agony. 

The fire now inched towards me, and that face I saw was even
more menacing than before. I tried to get up, but the fear and pain I felt made
my legs scared-stiff. I was about to close my eyes and accept my fate when I
heard the door bust open behind me and something began to drag me out. 

“Get up! We have to go now dammit!” Mr. Davidson shouted as
he lifted me up. 

He helped me walk as we trudged down the hall, the fire
close behind us. I tried to help Mr. Davidson pry open the exit door, but it
wouldn’t budge. 

“Shit! They jammed it!” he cried out.

“W-who did?” 

“Who do you think!? They’re trying to contain it! We need to
get the roof!”

We hoped there would be some kind of helicopter waiting for
us, but we had no such luck. All that was there was the pouring rain and
pavement below. 

The fire was roaring downstairs, the rain would only grant
us a few moments, surely it wouldn’t be long before it would charge through and
come for us. Mr. Davidson and I exchanged fearful looks as we peered down the
seven stories.

“I’m sorry I didn’t just say what I meant.” Mr. Davidson somberly
muttered. “I thought you’d be smart after that, that I scared you away, that
you’d… well, it’s too late now. Kid, we don’t have a choice.”

I looked back one more time at Mr. Davidson, and with a tear
streaming from both our faces, we stepped forward. 

The rest of that year was kind of a blur. I woke up some
months later in the hospital where they shoved a disclosure agreement in my
face the moment I had prosthetics for my missing fingers. I was never able to
walk right again, and I have scars all over my body. But even so, I learned
later that Mr. Davidson was… even unluckier. 

Every night, I still imagine that place. There’s no way they
figured out how to extinguish it. That building and all those poor souls are
still burning as terrible as they did all that time ago. The truly worse part
though about all this though, what motivated to write this, is somewhere deep
in Ratavia’s vaults, that manuscript to make Greek Fire is there. It’s just waiting
for the past to be forgotten and to be rescued, so it can have some new
victims. 

If you ever find the recipe to make Greek Fire, do yourself a
favor and destroy it. It was lost to time for a reason.Agulteath looked over the barren wasteland. The once luscious
landscape of Akreia was now in flames, millions of families displaced. He had tried
everything he could to create peace with the new species. Hell, he tried to
create a lasting friendship with them, feeling sympathetic of how their world
had vanished overnight. 

At first, it seemed peace may have been on the horizon. The
species tried their best to assimilate, to honor the culture and history of Akeria.
The species got together quite well, finding much common ground. But, as the
species grew, so did their needs. 

They would beg for more land for their growing population. More
sustenance to increase their likelihood of survival. For their own way of life
to remain. The one strong ropes of trust were becoming burned and frazzled. The
small green dot could not handle the increasingly-clashing groups. 

Desperation had set in. In the dead of night they would
cross the borders, ransacking whatever resources they could. They tried not to
hurt Agulteath's people, but that was inventible. On a cold and
foggy day, the oldest leader and teacher of Agulteath was found dead at the bottom of
the stairs, after an apparent break-in and struggle. 

Agulteath signature for the cleansing operation soon arrived.
In his rage he saw no other option. From now on, they would be seen as parasites.

The first idea was to simply ask them to leave, which they
first angrily refused. In fact, they felt so insulted by this that they began to
steal in broad daylight. The next step was to intimidate them, going over to their
boarders and parading in their streets for them to leave. Again, they refused.
Many of those parades grew violent. A particular one in the large town of Flamet
was especially devasting. Somebody had the bright idea to ignite as many places
as they could. 708 would lose their lives. Nobody would ever find out what side it came from. 

Agulteath’s tried to stay to his pacifist roots, but the other side
no longer cared who they hurt. They invaded Agulteath’s nation, damning
everyone who stood in their way. Soon only the capitol was left, completely surrounded.
Without something truly devasting, truly horrible, his species would be lost
forever. 

Agulteath called for order C-376. 

A strange group began to come out of the capitol’s gate. “What
were they?” the surrounding forces thought. Where were their tentacles? Where are their coats of
hair? What are those strange black things there pointing at- 

Agulteath looked away as he heard the barrage of shots. The
screams. The crying of children. But it all fell on deaf ears as the endless firing
continued. 

“They had become parasites, and there was now no answer
besides extermination!” Agulteath cried to himself, trying block out the dreadful noise. 

The sounds finally stopped 15 minutes later. 

Agulteath looked outside to see the horror. He stumbled back
and crashed into his throne, the weight of his actions washing and slamming
into him. He softly wept. He couldn’t handle this guilt, this despair. He demanded
whoever had killed the most to present themselves, immediately. 

It was an older man, still coated in fresh blood. Hmm,
funny. They somehow looked similar. 

Agulteath calmly walked up to the solider and pressed himself
against their weapon. 

“You have served me well, creature.” he calmly spoke. “It is
now time for your final honour. With your last remaining bullets you will kill me,
and then yourself. As your ruler, I command you.”

The trained creature quickly obliged. Two last bangs rang throughout
the world. 

[wp] (https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/90jvep/wp_the_concept_of_shoot_to_kill_is_foreign_to/)Is me. 

Feel free to follow me here. I'll be posting there now too! https://www.wattpad.com/user/-StoryStar-Starting college can be a weird time. It’s that point in
your life where you truly start to become an adult and decide who you want to be.
It can also be a massive pain. Choosing an apartment is especially a chore,
where they’re all either too far or too expensive to be practical. So, you can
imagine my delight when I found a listing for a place called “The Retreat”. The
pictures for the room looked great, the rent was more than affordable, and it
was an easy drive to campus. The only issue was that no matter where I looked,
there wasn’t a single review for the place. Hell, the place didn’t even exist
according to Google. But the directions were there, it wouldn’t hurt to at
least see the place, right? 

If only I knew just a little of the world of weirdness I
would soon myself ensnared in by clicking that ad. 

I could tell even from the outside the place was… sketchy.
The welcome center was slowly being consumed by vines rising from the ground,
the old paint of the place peeling off from whatever was left exposed. The
grass was up to my knee, and it seemed the fountain in the front hadn’t been
working for years. Above were signs that seemed to have once spelled the place,
but some of the letters had fallen off, remaining only the word “Retreat” in
rotten wood. I would have thought the place to be abandoned had I not seen the flickering
open neon sign. 

Everything in me was screaming to hop back in my car and
speed. Alas though, my desperation to find a place before the school year
started had grown tenfold and won over my apprehension. With jittery hands, I
turned the door handle. It loudly creaked as I peeked through. 

The place was just as terrible on the inside. Webs and dirt
were littered everyone on the antique furniture and floor, it seemed no one had
been here in a while. To my surprise though, there was a figure standing at the
front desk. The lady clearly did not want to be there if the unkempt hair and
pajama bottoms said anything. She nonchalantly smoked her cigarette, giving me
a terrible glare as I nervously walked to her. Those emerald eyes of her were
burning straight into my soul. 

“You Borge?” she almost hissed out, puffing smoke in my face.

“It- It’s George.” I coughed out. “And you can you please blow
that in my face, it’s- wait, how do you know my name? “

She stubbed out the cigarette, ignoring my question. “Alright,
good. The boss said I had to sit behind that stupid thing 'till you showed up.
Alright, let’s make this quick. Room’s not far away. Name’s Gloria, by the
way.”

”Hold up lady… Gloria. How did you know my name? And how did
you know I was coming?”

“Management told me. That’s kinda why I’m here, duh.”

“And who’s management?”

“Jesus kid.” Gloria chuckled. “Save the million questions
for another time, huh? Do you wanna see the room or not? You’re wearing my
patience.” 

I sighed as she led me out the backdoor. The complex itself
seemed to be in no better shape. The complexes were randomly scattered around,
drabbed in ugly colors from decades gone by. Many of them looked like they
hadn’t been occupied in forever. I could even huge holes and collapsed sections
on some of them as we trotted along a decrepit, winding road. The “pool” that
they had advertised was filled with this terrible green sludge, and the grass
surrounding us was even higher than outside. 

The strangest thing though was the absolute silence of the
whole place. There wasn’t a soul to be seen, only the sound of autumn fall’s
leaves crunching under our feet and a peculiar howling all to accompany us. The
place carried this aura of anxiety, and it only increased with each step I made
deeper with Gloria. 

“Wow, pretty quiet around here huh?” I nervously laughed out.

“Huh?” Gloria said, seeming to have been distracted by
something in the distance. “Oh, yeah. We haven’t got too many patrons for while
now. Most get off-put by the outside and run for the hills. Gets pretty lively
at night though.”

“Oh, there a lot of parties at night?”

“You could say that. Place’s right over here.” 

She unlocked the door to open of the buildings, where we were
immediately greeted by a flight of the stairs leading to the rooms. It felt
like they would collapse with each step up. Fortunately, I didn’t fall through.
But as soon as we reached the top, Gloria suddenly turned and put her hands on
my shoulders.

“Alright, listen Borge. Get a good look at these stairs.
Most of the time, they’re perfectly fine to use. But if you hear an alarm go off,
for the love of God take the emergency stairs on the other side. Jumping off
the damn building is a better idea. We’ve had some… problems with these stairs.”

“What kind of… ‘problems?’” I asked. 

“Can’t say, I’m under a disclosure. Just… I know you younglings
think you know everything, but just trust me here. Do not take these stairs, or
you’ll be sorry.”

I rolled my eyes. “Fine, whatever you say lady. And once
again, it’s George.” 

“Don’t care.” She snapped as she turned and continued down
the hallway to the room. “Alright, door’s unlocked. Come in.”

I stepped in, and to my surprise, the place was actually…
clean. Nice, even? I mean, there wasn’t an immediate stench of death anywhere.  

“Wow, the place is actually….”

“Pretty decent? Yeah, management’s kinda weird. Everything
here is kinda terrible but the rooms. Don’t know why. Hey, I’m gonna have a
smoke outside. Let me know when you’re done.”

It was nothing spectacular, but definitely better than the
hellhole I was fully excepting this place to be.  And even with the less the desirable
surroundings, I simply couldn’t beat the rent for this kind of place. 

Maybe it was just my imagination, but the pen felt almost
too hot to the touch as I signed on the dotted line for the lease, as if I was
making a deal with the devil. Gloria swiped the pen as soon as I finished. 

“Alright, welcome to your new place, Borge. You got me
number, holler if you need anything.”

I shook her hand and turned around, just as I realized what
she called me. 

“For the last time! My name’s not Bor-“

But I was talking to thin air. She had completely vanished. 
...

The moving itself was uneventful, but I couldn’t shake off
that feeling of dread I had the moment I stepped inside The Retreat. That huge
dead, frankly terrifying dead oak tree outside the window definitely didn’t do
anything to calm my nerves. And maybe it was just those same nerves that made
me feel like the tree’s branches were getting closer and closer to coming
through the window, little by little each time I turned around. 

My first night in my new place had arrived, the full moon
doing everything in its power to make the world outside my window look as
sinister as possible. I could’ve sworn I saw a dark figure hiding behind the
tree looking at me, but after rubbing my eyes, the thing was gone. 

“Jesus George,” I laughed to myself, shaking my head from
the ridiculous thought that there it was some kind of creature. “Now you’re
really starting to see things. It’s been a long day anyway, I could use some
rest.”

I turned off the lights, closed my eyes, and slowly began to
drift off into some much-deserved sleep.

…

I awoke with a yelp, the noise blaring throughout the room.
It’s ringing felt like it was my blow my ears out, the white light blinding
with each flash. Not entirely knowing what to do, I grabbed my phone and keys and
walked out the door to see if my neighbors did. I looked at my phone. It was
2:23 in the morning. 

There was nobody in the hallway. I’ve always been a deep
sleeper, it’s possible it took the alarm a while to wake me. Well, there might
be an actual fire, I better get the hell out. The stairway I came up with
Gloria was just to my left. It was a lot darker than in the daytime, I couldn’t
even see the bottom. 

I put a foot on the first step down, just as I remembered
what Gloria told me. 

**“Do not take these
stairs, or you’ll be sorry.”**

“Ah shit, I
better- wait, why am I even saying?” I thought to myself. “That weird lady was
just trying to scare me for some reason! Besides, I don’t know what she’s
talking about. These stairs look fine to me.”

And so, I began my descent. But as I continued to fly down
each step, it was still pitch-black in front of me. The air also suddenly felt
a lot… warmer? 

The steps just get coming, and I started to really panic
after a couple of minutes. 

“What the hell? It didn’t feel this long before! Maybe... Gloria knew something-”

But as I turned around to try the other stairs, my heart
sank. Just like going down, it was pitch-black upwards. I tried to run back up,
but quickly stopped in my tracks. An orange light slowly started to appear,
until I could see the flames. My nose began to fill with the smell of smoke. 

“Shit!” 

 I started to rush
down the stairs as fast as I could. It felt like hours, and I could feel I wasn’t an
inch closer to the end. Worse still, every time I looked over my shoulders, I
could see the fire coming even closer, making the stairway even more unbearably
hotter. 

After what felt like an eternity, my adrenaline began to
fail. I collapsed unto a step, turning my head with fearful and defeated eyes
to the relentless fire. It continued its march until it was mere feet away from
me, and with a tear, I braced for… it. 

Suddenly though, my phone rang. Gloria was calling. My phone
now read 2:25 A.M. 

“Dammit kid!” she bellowed through the call. “What the hell
did I tell you!? You’re lucky I saw you in the hallway before you went down!”

I tried to talk through my exasperated breaths. “W-what’s- I
don’t-“

“Just save your breath. You’ve been running for three hours
now. I’ve been busting my ass too, tryna get in contact with you. Do you
realize how many favors I had to burn through to call from where you are, you
stupid- You know what? Whatever. We don’t have time for this. Okay, kid,
listen. There’s a fake board every three hundred steps. If you can find it and
open it up, there should be a rabbit’s foot that I keep in there for stuff like
this.”

“A- and then?” I asked

“Charge towards the fire and pray it protects you long
enough to get back to Earth. Both of our phones are about to die. Best of lu-“

My phone suddenly turned off, despite seeing it was mostly
charged when I grabbed it. I had no idea what the rabbit’s foot was supposed to
do, but I didn’t have the time to question it. Using the last remaining morsel
of my energy I got on my knees and started pulling up on each step. But after
dozens of tries, each one was stiff as a rock. I was now mere inches away the
intense heat and was sweating bullets. The world began to become blurry as the
noxious fumes caused waves of nausea and dizziness to wash over me. I had only
enough strength to pull out one more step. 

And to my incredible luck, the thing came flying out.
Inside, was a small, bloody rabbit’s foot. 

I reached down and grabbed it,
but that’s all I could do. I laid completely sprawled out on the staircase,
only able to trembly lift my head and see the fire now touching me. 

“Wow, I’m too exhausted to even
feel the pain.” I thought.

My eyes grew heavy, and
darkness enveloped me. 

…

The first thing I heard was a
constant beeping. I slowly opened my eyes and stared at the ceiling for a
couple minutes. Weakly, I began to look around. The morning dawn was starting
to shine through in the window. Gloria was sitting in the corner, humming
something to myself. She cracked a little smile when she met my gaze. 

“Good, you’re awake. I found
you all sprawled out on the staircase after we did the fire drill. Got a mighty
fiery bump on your head there, must’ve tripped bad.”

“G-Gloria, I stammered out. “W-
Why’d you-“

“Stick around after I found
you? Well, my sleep was already kinda shot from the drill, and I have to admit
I was mighty worried for you there, even brought you here myself. I think you
got real lucky you came out okay.”

Gloria looked at me with a cold
stare for a few moments. 

“Alright, well I think I’m
gonna tell the doc you’re up. I can give you a ride back if you need one.

The ride home was mostly
silent. I didn’t even know what to say. Did she… know? Or was it all just some
weird dream? It seemed like just a bad memory now anyway. No, it had to be just
a dream I conjured up after I bumped my head. Nothing more to it, really. 

I thanked Gloria for the ride
home and began to get out of the car when she suddenly grabbed my arm. 

“Hey.” She growled, still
looking ahead. “I think you have something of mine. In your right pocket.”

I reached in and gasped. Inside
was the rabbit’s foot. 

“Toss it here please.” 

Gloria caught the rabbit’s foot
with her free hand and finally released her grip. 

“Thank you. And by the way kid,
you were heavy to drag out of that damn thing. Arms are still sore as hell.” 

I began to walk back to my room
when she honked after me. I turned around as she rolled down her window and
started to shout something. 

 “Just in case I didn’t say it before Borge,
welcome to The Retreat! Hope you enjoyed your first night!”

Gloria stepped on the gas and
zoomed down the road, disappearing into the distance. 

This wouldn't be the last time I saw Gloria, and it would be only the start of
many unexplorable things to happen at The Retreat. And so, I’ve decided to
finally record every strange and peculiar thing that’s happened at The Retreat,
as quickly as these hands can type them out. What happened with the dead oak
tree, the NightMan, everything I can remember. 

Like I said, college can be a
strange time. [But I can say without a doubt no one’s time has been stranger
than living in my haunted college apartment.] (https://old.reddit.com/r/StoryStar/)Jospeh was telling about his ever so-close little league game when it happened. The truck was just at the corner of my eye as it hurled itself right towards us. I tried to swerve around with the little seconds I had, but it wasn’t enough. It crashed into the car, on my kid’s side. I tried turning to the backseat to protect him, but the force rolling down the hill wouldn’t even allow me that little hope. The world went black a couple seconds

Hey, you wanna know what sucks? Waking up in the hospital, your wife grasping your hands, looking like she’ll burst again into tears like she’s done so many times that night. You launch your arms around her, just lucky that you’re alive. Those seconds of bliss end though when you realize why she’s still crying. With your broken leg she helps trudge yourself over to the next room. You know what you’re going to see but everything inside you hopes it’ll be something different And there he is. All battered and bruised, casted and plugged in. It was all my fault. My fault.

You could scream until the heavens heard you, there’s no one up there who would bother to answer your cries. We waited so long for something as little as a twitch. Hours turned to days, to weeks, to months, but his eyes would keep close. Money and hope aren’t infinite, and… to be honest I was willing to pour my entire damn life savings if it meant the smallest chance. But, the stares from the doctor and my wife told me I had to accept the truth.

Now you wanna know what REALLY sucks? Going through with the truth.

No father should ever have to bury their son. Ever.

My wife and I lied to each other, said we can heal together and start again. But the bickering and arguing only grew more by the day. We began spending as much time as we could apart, each blowout making us want to see the other less and less. Therapy and drugs can only due so much to a damaged psyche, there’s not a single thing in this world that could get rid of this guilt. This nagging, excruciating guilt. Whenever I passed by his bedroom, whenever I found some trinket of his around the house, whenever I saw that god-forsaken road. The guilt snowballed and snowballed into a goliath that simply could not and would not be defeated.

I woke up on the couch in a sweat for the fifth time that night. I looked at the clock; 2:46 A.M. I trembled while trying to sit up, only to fall face first from the painfully sharp waves that began to hit. Only the quiet hum of the outside world accompanied my soft crying. It’s already been two years and the pain still hasn’t gotten any better. All I felt is that same primal fear from the moment that damn crash happened. I couldn’t live like this anymore. I felt it. I knew I may have to do this eventually. I felt deep in my core that I had to do it now, there was no other choice. What made now such a bad night to do it anyway? The early morning’s when most people do it, right? The beautiful snow painting the town almost seemed to beckon me to it.

I didn’t even say goodbye to my wife. I was too determined. I quickly slapped on my coat and set out into the night. I’d been eying my destination for a while now.

It was oddly peaceful taking the stroll to the rooftop. Not one soul to be seen, and all to keep me company was the quiet hum of crickets and the cold chill of the air. A beautiful way to end to such an awful nightmare.

I looked down over the ledge. The drop was 100ft, at least. It’ll definitely get the job done. I slowly worked my courage, putting one leg on the ledge, then the other. I closed my eyes. This would be it. This would be the final time I ever felt guilt, or anything at all. I’m sick of living. I’m sick of—

There was a loud noise behind me.

I turned my head back. A young man was crouched down, picking something up. When he came back up, he stared straight at me, a worried look on his face.

“Oh crap, you saw me. That’s probably not good.”

“W-who the hell are you?!” I stammered out.

“I can’t talk to you. Just do your… uh, thing.”

“I asked who the hell are you!?” I said again, shouting this time.

“Look, I’m on a tight schedule. Just jump already. There’s of hell of a lot of more important people offing themselves right now you know.”

“I- what?”

I climbed back down and turned around to see a better look of the stranger. We both stared in silence for what seemed like hours. He wore a tuxedo that was completely red, the only exception being a white tie loosely hanging around his neck. I could barely make out his pure black hair in the night sky but could clearly see his pure magenta eyes. They were staring straight into my soul. It may me want to jump even more just to get away from him.

The man finally broke the silence with a heavy sigh. “Okay, you know what? I’ll explain. I mean, you’re about to die so what’s the point, but whatever. My fault for dropping the notebook I guess.”

The man took a few more seconds to collect his words.

“Well, my official title is ‘The Suicide Man’ but since I don’t really like being all that formal, feel free to call me Jeremy. My job’s pretty simple, I record suicides all over the world. Every last one. I must admit humans can be very creative with this kind of stuff. I have endless stories to tell with items you wouldn’t even think of doing the deed with. But, it seems you’re going one of the more boring ones. Fun fact! Do you know jumping off buildings counts for nearly 1,000 deaths yearly in your country? It’s true.”

“I-is this your idea of a sick joke?!” I spat back.

“Joke? Oh no, I take my work very seriously. I have some very big people to report my stuff to. The higher-ups. Our dark lords that judge us ever so harshly. I don’t really know who they are and why they want this stuff, but if I don’t get it for them in time…”

Jeremy softly chuckled.

“Well, I don’t know any language on Earth that can correctly describe it. Nor do I want to. But now, I’m gonna get exactly that for telling you all this. Jesus, I’m in so much trouble. There gonna tear me open and-“

Suddenly, his eyes widened and looked back up at me.

“Wait, I have an idea! I’ll just take your body!” Jeremy proclaimed.

“W- what!?” I barked out, leaning back as my grip tightened on the rail.

“Yeah, your body! I mean, you obviously don’t want it anymore, right?”

“I…”

“Great, I’ll take it! They can’t hurt the living! I’m sure I can fix up whatever mess of a life you have! All I need is a simple yes. C’mon, pretty please?”

My nerve completely wore down at this point, and now I was too confused to even think about jumping. I began to brisk past, uh, “Jeremy”, and back towards the exit.

“Look man, I don’t know who you are and what’s your deal but I gotta go. I don’t wanna do this-“

Jeremy suddenly jumped in front of me and pushed me straight to the ground. He tightly gripped my arms. I tried to move but he had me completely pinned to the snow. He stared straight into with a grin.

“Aw, you should know better than to deny unworldly creatures what they want. I’ll take that body now. One again, just a simple yes. It’s really not that hard”

I struggled again to get him off me, but his grip was unmoving. I could do nothing except spit right into his face.

With a surprised look, Jeremy quickly wiped it off. He looked down at me, furious.

“Alright, then I see you’ll need some persuasion.” He growled.

Jeremy began to drool this black sludge unto my chest and head. It felt like a million fires were just poured on my skin, and grew more painful by the second. Suddenly, like a barrage every awful memory I could think of began to boil to the surface. Every mistake, every embarrassment, everything I hated and despise. The crash kept repeating over and over again, in excruciating detail. I saw Joseph’s face slowly became more and more bruised as glass cut his face and was jolted around, over and over again. I could feel the tears building up, but my body wouldn’t even allow my that little pleasure. My misery was put on full display for this… thing.

“Do you really want to live with all the pain, Bruce?” Jeremy growled. “Is this any way to live a life? When you’re dead, you won’t have these memories. You won’t have anything. Wouldn’t it just be so much better to let go?”

As everything flashed through, I found myself agreeing with him more and more.

“Feel my heart. Feel how strong and hard it’s beating. Look how badly I want this body you’re so selfishly denying.”

Jeremy grabbed one of my hands and put it to chest. I couldn’t feel anything.

“Sir… please. They’ll be here soon.”

I was going to say yes, but mouth was quivering the word, but a particular memory emerged. It was blurry, but I could make out me and my wife walking through the woods for the first time. I was pointing out all the different types of trees and animals, acting like I was an expert only to fell right on a log in front of me. She didn’t stop for a good couple minutes.

Another one. We’re at an ice cream shop. I was messy and spilled some chocolate on my shirt. Looking up to her embarrassed, she leaned over and ate the ice cream off my shirt, and kissed me.

These types of memories began to trickle in. Even some with Joseph. Many were bittersweet and painful, but they did remind me of a better time. The last was my wife hugging me goodnight, me playing with her hair as she dozed off.

I was pulled back the present. I looked backed up. Jeremy’s eyes had become completely black. The black sludge will still coming out. He was shacking violently, like he would explode at any second.

“Well, friend?” he hissed out.

With all my energy I was able to pull out one word.

“I…no. No. No!”

With eyes wide, Jeremy loosened his grasp, and his features slowly went back to normal. He started softly giggling, turning into maniacal cackle.

“You’re a complete pussy, friend! But you’re an alive one. Welp, I’m not allowed to do anything now with that answer."

There were suddenly loud hisses behind us.

“Cool, they're already here.” Jeremy nonchalantly called out, and if the last couple minutes never happened. “Well, it was nice meeting you. You may want to run before you see something you don’t like. You know where the exit is.”

I kicked Jeremy off and scrambled myself towards the door. I rushed down the stairs as I heard loud bangs and moans come from above. There’s really no way to truly describe the sound, but the closest is it sounded like thousands of wolves screaming at once. I ran straight back to my house, not daring to look back until I was inside. I slammed the door shut and checked I was I still alive. The sludge had disappeared, and besides a few cuts I seemed to be okay.

I waited with a cup of coffee as I watched the sunrise. I hugged my wife my wife the moment she woke up. We had our strongest kiss in years.

It’s been over a year now since that night. I haven’t told anyone (except now you, dear reader) of what happened. I’ve convinced my wife to take some counseling now, I like to think it works. I still visit Joseph’s grave often and I still miss him every day, but… I don’t really have the balls go through with it anymore. Not if I’ll have to meet him again. Life going back to normal, or normal as it can be. Although, something weird did happen a couple nights ago.

I was at the bar, and noticed a woman drinking alone in the corner. It looked like she was on the verge of tears. Trying to mind my own business, I looked away and tended to my drink. With a final sniffle, she rose from her seat and began walking out. I turned to get a last look at her. Behind her was… him. I nearly cracked my glass from the shock. He was staring right at the girl, keeping close behind while diligently writing something down.

With a foot out, he suddenly looked straight at me. His face seemed battered and bruised, but that devilish smile was still the same. With a wink and wave to me, he walked out with her as the door quietly closed behind.You know what? I’m really fucking happy I’m dying. This life has been nothing but an endless cycle of disaster to me. Shitty family that would smack the hell out of me if I dared make a whimper and a soul crushing mediocre job and life. Top it with a delicious divorce just days after my diagnosis and you got the best cowshit sundae life can be. If this is what the beast that is fate picked out for me then quite frankly I don’t want to stand on this Earth a moment longer. So, yeah, I’m pretty pleased right now.

No one came to my deathbed of course, why would I expect a wife of fifteen years and three kids to make time out of their busy schedules for me? They couldn’t hear my cries halfway across the world anyway. The nurse lightly grabbed my hand, as if she too was disgusted to touch such vermin. Hell, it didn’t even look like they gave a damn when injected it. They got the priest in to do his spiel, the doctor nonchantly injected me, and I braced for well-deserved slumber. Hopefully they just threw the body in the trash.

But guess what? I don’t even get my wish in death! I suddenly jotted up to see myself in a large hallway. The walls were pitch blank, yet the room seemed blindingly bright. There was nothing in the room, expect a wooden chair in front. I attempted to get up to investigate only to realize I was completely stuck in place. I looked down to find I had no body. Panic set in. Where’s my body? Who the fuck took my body? Where am I? WHAT THE HELL IS GOING-

A door slammed from behind. Somebody was walking towards me, or what’s left of me at least. With a hum and slow, calculated stepping the figure began passed by and calmly sat in the chair. It was…

Myself.

The man looked broken, cold, and miserable. They looked just like me. In fact, they were wearing the same gown from when I passed.

“Heya, Georgie!” Me, um, the figure gleed. “Welcome to Hell! Not as hot as you thought it would be, huh? So, how are you enjoying the stay? No soul to attach you body to must be pretty strange, right?

I would have told the figure every expletive in the book if I literally had the mouth to do so.

“Oh right, sorry. I forgot they took that away. Well, probably should start explaining. You’re in the one and only hell my dear boy! And by the looks of it a very boring one at that.”

The figure began to rise up and pace around me.

“But don’t worry, I’m not Satan or a demon or anything like that. There way to busy for someone like you. I am simply a reflection of you, a phantom or a…. figure, as you been calling me?”

How did he-

“Well of course I can read your thoughts, it’s the only thing you got left! We wouldn’t want that pesky body corrupting your true thinking from me would we?”

W-who are you?

“As I’ve said, I’m simply a reflection. You’re best reflection. Get a good look at this! This is the best you could’ve done in all 3,395,384,293 universes. At let me tell ya, even this one was shit.”

What do you mean?

“Well honestly it was just kind of your story on repeat mate. Shit family, shit job, shit life. I guess one silver lining was one on the sons came when I was passing. Although he probably just felt morally obligated to come since he was the only one in my will.

My mind drew a complete blank as he sat back down.

“Oh, you’re confused. Well, at least that means you’ve been listening! Basically, the cosmos just really fucking hated you. Not a single happy ending was possible. Sorry.”

I couldn’t think of anything. What was I supposed to think?

“Right, so now we have to figure out what to do with you! My boss said to just throw you in the pit of fire for all entire and have that be that, but I do take a bit of pity on you. You remind me a lot of myself.”

His laugh echoed through the whole room.

“So, I’m going to cut you a little favor. I’m going to simply leave you here and just call that good enough. Consider this an act of mercy for being in on worse timelines.”

Despite not having my eyes he leaned down and stared right at them.

“Well Georgie, it was great talking to you. But I really have to go. Enjoy your personal hell!”

I tried to scream with all my thoughts, only for him to chuckle and walk away. The door slammed shut. 

[*-WP-*] (https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/91cfao/wp_someone_once_told_me_the_definition_of_hell/)The world had become still in the early hours of Christmas morning. The small town of Eldinwood had been painted in a mountain of snow, the only sounds an old man trudging through it. He had been doing this job for a millennium, and things had quiet changed since he took up this role. Mostly everything had become automated at this point, but he decided to deliver this one personally, as this was one of the strangest cases he’d ever seen.

Her name was Emily, a child to a single mother who despite her poverty status had a heart of gold. But, something has caused her heart to darken these past few months. Destroying property, taunting the weak kids at school, even killing small animals. It was incredibly peculiar.

The old man thought the same thing. “Just what happening with this small girl?” he wondered aloud. But then, it hit him! Ah, of course! The kid lives in Alaska! He’s simply trying to play the old man’s system and get some coal for those subzero nights! Well, it must be serious if she’s willing to go to these lengths.

So, after all his deliveries had been done, he decided he would being as much coal as he could carry for the child and deliver it himself. Wouldn’t they be so delighted to see the big man in red with their own two eyes?

The door creaked open on the old wooden cabin. Wasn’t much of a place, it was obviously just barely standing up with the decaying wood and cracking windows. He lit up a candle to just barely be able to see into the house. The place was freezing. icicles were forming everywhere, the fire long disappeared from the chimney. Not a single soul in the room. But he called anyway, sure that the family was simply in another room.

“Ho ho ho!” he cried. “Now come out wherever you are! I have a great gift for you! It’ll keep you warm all year! Come now, don’t be shy!”

To the side, another door opened. Out came a young girl, soaked in… he couldn’t quiet see what it was.

“Merry Christmas child!” he exclaimed. “Where are your parents? I’ve come to deliver-“

The stench suddenly hit him.

“Oh dear God, what on his Earth is that smell?

The girls mouth began to quiver.

“I- I was so cold.”

He gazed into the next room. A figures outline was just barely visible, laying there. The child came closer. He could now see what she was soaked in. The child was completely drenched in blood.

“I was too cold. I-I’m so sorry.Jeremy moped as he trudged down the sidewalk. Well, there he
was again, walking down this same familiar sidewalk to his mediocre job so he
can support his rocky marriage and pay rent for their slowly deteriorating apartment.
God, how long has he been doing this? 10, 15 years? The walls of his trapped life
have only gotten closer and closer until they’re now completely suffocating. How
much Jeremy wanted to change his life, yet without the courage to. If only it
was just a flip of the switch, or the press of a-

Jeremy stopped to find a peculiar scene. There was a small kid in
an adult business suit, trying his absolute hardest to lift a suitcase. Above
him was a spray painted circle with a weird phrase written inside it. 

“New Game+! Press to Start!”

Jeremy stopped to figure out what was going on. Thinking the
child was lost, Jeremy asked the little one where his mommy and daddy were. What
Jeremy did not think however was for the child’s response to be in a deep Bulgarian
accent cussing him out, and angrily grabbing the suitecase with both arms and walking
away. 

Jeremy tried to follow the boy, but he quickly vanished
into the thick crowd of the rush hour. Jeremy looked back to the strange writing again, and found
a small taped-on button in the middle. Shrugging his arms and giving a little chuckle, he tapped the button.

“Ha, I wonder who put this here. Maybe it’s a kid’s art
project or some-“

Jeremy’s next memory was sitting on a throne, high above the
ground. In shock Jeremy looked around to find out where he was. Outside the encompassing windows
were… spaceships? They didn't look like anything human and- wait, why am *I* in a spaceship? WHY AM I
IN SPACE!? WHAT THE HELL IS GOING-

“Queen of the Republic!” A man in a grey suit shouted on the
intercom, “The Enemies of Octravide have just arrived on the border! Should we release
Countermeasure DELTA-RANGE-TREYOP-GREATYO-BATREM?”

Jeremy stood in silence before he realized that was meant
for him, or… her?

“Uh, sure, I guess. I think I know what some of those words
mean.”

“Ah, that’s my queen. Even in the face of death you still
have a sense of humor. ALRIGHT MEN, LAUNCH ALL OF 5,346,405 NUKES. NO SURVIVORS!”

“WHAT WAIT-“

The queen’s vision was suddenly consumed by white. To her
left was an explosion. Then her right. Forward. Backwards, and every other
direction possible. 

“Well Queen, this is it. Any last words?”  

"Shit shit shit shit shit"

“Good choice.”

As Jeremy's vision faded to black, his last memory was be a flashing red text box with two simple words: 

#"GAME OVER! TRY AGAIN?"