mattswritingaccount
> This will be a continual story, starting with my post that came from this WP: **\[WP\] A girl in an extravagant princess-like dress is handing out flyers on the side of the street. Nobody is paying her any mind, ignoring her as if she's invisible. Out of pity you take a flyer. It's for some strange fantasy-themed cafe you haven't heard of. When you look up, the girl has vanished.**  
Link:    

First part:   

&#x200B;

{{Quick ooc – I’m changing the elfin voice pattern, I don’t have a good enough grasp of Thee and Thou to get it down perfect enough to do it justice, so… yeah. :) }}

“So this is where?” I stood in utter astonishment at the sight before me, still trying to process everything that’d just happened. I mean, a good part of me still wanted to believe this was still just a part of New York that wasn’t on any map. Just turn another corner, and there’d be a subway depo, or a bus terminal, you know? 

But something told me that I wasn’t about to find a New York street sign or cabbie anywhere in a lush jungle setting anytime soon. This DEFINITELY wasn’t Central Park. I mean, I hadn’t heard the first curse word or horn honk in fifteen minutes! 

Granted, we’d arrived here via magical portal, so that really should have been a dead giveaway that Toto wasn’t in Kansas anymore, but I digress. I was already in way over my head, but I’d given my word to these people that I was going to help them, so by god, I was going to do whatever I could to do so.

The elven lady whom I’d come to find out was named Trevellin smiled at my reaction. “You’ve come to my homelands, good sir. These are the lands of my people, and the elves have settled in the Jungles of the Everdeep for six thousand years. Only recently have the encroachment of the orcish militias started to stain the beauty of our lands, so I do apologize for the disgusting view before you.” 

Trevellin had changed the moment we’d arrived. Her Disney princess outfit had disappeared entirely, replaced by something that looked considerably more realistic for travel; leather leggings, leather vest, and more disconcerting, a rather long curved bow and quiver that was very healthily packed with arrows. Surprisingly, as she walked through the grasses of this world, I never once heard her move.

“What disgusting view?” I looked around in astonishment. “Everything here looks absolutely pristine, people from mah world would literally kill to live in a place like this!” I shook my head. “Hell, I’d love to have my own little farm right smack in the middle of all this, I’d never leave.”

The other human I traveled with had introduced himself to me as Geo, and he’d called himself a mage from some city named Dustroport. He’d acted like I was supposed to know where that was, so I’d just nodded and let the man talk. He spoked up at this point as well and interjected, “That would put you at the same level as the orcs, my friend. That’s what they’re trying to do as well; they are burning the elven lands down, raising them to the ground and rebuilding them in their image so they can build homes of their own.”

He, too, had changed the moment we’d arrived, I assume from something to do with the magic of the portal. His clothing had changed into something more like a long robe that draped behind him. It was a deep blue, with stars and planets embroidered across it; if I were honest with myself, it looked pretty tacky, but momma always taught me that if I wasn’t going to say something nice, don’t say nothing at all, so I didn’t mention it to him.

“Do they have their own lands?” I turned away from the view reluctantly. “Why are they coming here?”

The short man who called himself a dwarf by the name of Barraxal harrumphed. “They do. Or they did. They’ve poisoned their lands. Or they dug too into the ground’n released something they ain’t supposed ‘ta have released. They canna go home now, so they here and pushin’ their way into elf lands. It ain’t right.”

Barraxal’s change had been the most dramatic. The dwarf had gained what looked to be a full suit of chain armor, and sounded like he was walking around clanging full bags of change as he walked. A large dual-bladed axe was strapped to his back, and from the guns he was showing underneath his armor, I had no doubt the shorter man knew very well how to swing the thing.

I felt just a tad out of place. Thankfully, I did still have my pistol on me...  Just knowing I had my nine mil was at least some comfort after seeing the weapons they carried… but I was going to have to be extremely conservative with my ammunition, since I didn’t think I’d find “Joe’s Ammo Shack” anywhere between here and there.

“Hmm.” I frowned. That didn’t quite sound right. If their home was that desolate, sure, I’d want to leave too. And a place this beautiful would be downright difficult to pass up if my own home was a poisonous wasteland or home to something I’d released ‘that ain’t supposed ‘ta have released,’ whatever that meant. But different lands, different rules. I shook my head. “Alright, well, first things first. What exactly do we need to do, and where are we going?”

I wondered if I’d ever get used to Trevellin’s sing-song voice as she answered, “We are going home, for the moment. Before we can rescue Kaer, we must go home. We have one more waiting there, and I daresay he’s growing rather… impatient for the delay.” She sighed. “I do hope father is treating him well.”

“So, ok. How do we get there?” I had a bad feeling I already knew the answer to my question wasn’t going to be ‘take the subway.’ 

“We walk.” Geo motioned to a fairly well-worn path. “This will take us down to a main thoroughfare. From there, it’ll be two days to the town where we can pay for a cart to take us to the main city. I hope you wore comfortable shoes.”

“Guess we’ll find out, won’t we.” I motioned toward the path. “Lead the way.”This was a fun prompt (note the trend - I try not to write boring ones, lol), though I could actually kinda see making this idea into something longer.

&#x200B;

Original prompt: **\[WP\] Everyone is born with a tattoo on their hand depicting their assigned role in life. A hoe for a farmer, a sword for a soldier. When you were born, you had a fireball on your hand, destined to become the worlds first mage.** 

Original link:   

&#x200B;

  

My story:  


I’ve always worn gloves. Yeah, I know that’s strange, and trust me, I’ve gotten used to the looks I get because of it, but it beats answering the questions. Because I don’t have answers to their questions, I never have. So I found early on that it’s better to just grab a set of gloves, and get busy with my job instead, and pretend like I don’t notice them staring.

This world I live in is so damn judgmental, I swear… everyone gets shuffled along their mortal coil based solely by what is emblazoned on their hand at birth. Marq, the farmer I work for, was born to nobility. But because he was born with a plow on his hand, he works the farm. Now, I’ll grant you, his family bought him quite a nice farm, and he’s been able to afford a nice herd of cattle, large plots of land to plant crops on, enough chickens to harvest both eggs and meat, you name it. So the nobility aspect of his heritage did come in handy there, at least.

And the large farm worked out to my benefit, because I was able to get hired and blend in without too much issue. Farmers and farmhands needed to wear gloves quite often to protect their hands, so my tattoo often managed to go unnoticed as well.

Which was just as well. I’d never heard of anyone in the world with a ball of fire on their hands. What did that even mean, anyway? I couldn’t make heads or tail of it, and I’d been trying to figure it out for years. I’d tried my hand at blacksmithing, thinking maybe it had something to do with firing up a forge. 

Turns out… I was absolutely horrid at that job. I was really excellent at ruining steel, however.

Before I decided I need to just hide it and stick to farming, I’d talked to a few different people in various towns, trying to decipher the meaning of this strange tattoo. None had been able to give me any concrete ideas on even where to start looking for an answer, so finally I decided the best option was to just cover it and live the best I could wherever I could.

Which, for someone without any particular skillset, typically meant slinging manure at a farm. It wasn’t a glamorous job, but it came with room and board, two meals a day that were edible if not particularly tasty, and a bit of coin. I wasn’t going to get rich, but I could live this way and that was enough for me…

I heard a commotion outside of the stalls I was cleaning, and I grimaced. From the sounds of the voices, some of the local roughs were back to try to extort more coin out of my boss. They’d been by three times already this week, and each time he’d chased them off. But there were a lot of voices this time… I sighed and moved to where I could easier see out of the stall, and gasped in shock.

Marq was lying prone, bleeding profusely. I could not tell if he was dead or not from where I stood, but it didn’t look good. Above him, three of the local goons grinned down at Marq’s body, and one of them brandished a sword that dripped with fresh blood. The other farmhands were already backing away from the goons in fear, a fact that the goons noticed with relish.

A nod from the goon in charge, and the other two goons unsheathed their swords. This was no longer a warning to Marq. This was going to be a bloodbath. I could feel the pulse in my ears as I looked around for something to defend myself with, because though I was no warrior, I wasn’t about to just lie down and die without fighting back.

The pitchfork. Of course. My hands gripped it tightly as I stepped out of the stables, and one of the goons turned to me with a sneer. I was going to die, but damn it all, I was going to take at least this one out with me. Determined, I gripped the pitchfork tightly as he started his charge. I was only a few yards away from them, it took only a moment for him to cross the distance to me… 

He stopped and stared at me, his arrogance rapidly turning to sheer terror. After a moment, with a scream, the goon simply dropped his sword and ran from me in a dead sprint, faster than any man I’d ever seen run in my life.

Confused, I turned to the other two goons, only to see both of them staring at me as well in abject horror. I took one step toward them, and they, too, dropped their weapons and ran from me, screaming in terror. 

“… Huh.” I frowned and relaxed my grip on the flaming pitchfork as I scratched at my head in bewilderment, trying to come to terms on what could possibly have caused them to run. It took me another two seconds before I realized the pitchfork I was holding was completely engulfed in a roaring fire that threatened to inhale anything that came near it.

By reflex, I dropped the pitchfork and stepped back, fully expecting to suddenly be standing in a roaring bonfire as the flames from the fork caught the grasses below me aflame. However, the moment I released the weapon, the flames extinguished themselves and the pitchfork, now only a normal weapon, clattered to the ground harmlessly.

I kicked at the weapon nervously, but when no flames erupted from the pitchfork at my touch, I picked it back up and swung it a time or two. It remained a pitchfork. 

I shook my head. Time enough to figure that out later. For now, I had to tend to my boss. He’d started to move, so the wound hopefully wasn’t fatal… because I’d need his family’s help later. Because unless I missed my guess, I’d just figured out what my tattoo might be about. 

And if I were totally honest with myself, if I was right… it kinda terrified me, too.Heh.  Another fun one, this time you're a supervillain with standards, and your nemesis shows up with \*gasp\* a CHILD.  How DARE they.  :)  


Original Prompt:  **\[WP\] You may be a supervillain, but you have standards. So you're concerned when your nemesis brings along a child.**   
Original Link:     


My story:   


  

I stood over the body of NeoGenesis and laughed maniacally, ignoring the blood pooling at my feet. It would wash off, after all… and even if it didn’t, screw it, I’d won, I’d FINALLY won, and without NeoGenesis to stop my plans of world domination at every conceivable turn, then by gosh darn golly, I’d just STEAL me another pair of boots!

Maybe two, for good measure! I’d wear one pair during the week, and keep one for the weekends, just to keep them in better shape for photo ops!

A gurgling cough from below me caught my attention, breaking my away from the thoughts of photo ops and the world admiring me for my fantastic taste in boots. I frowned. Of course. NeoGenesis couldn’t possibly be dead yet, that’d be far too easy. I knelt down, being careful to make sure that I didn’t kneel in anything gross…

Was that… ew, was that brain matter? No. Oh, good. I think that was just moss. I hoped it was anyway.

I shook my head again. Being the ADHD King had its ups and downs, but good lord, trying to focus at times was stupid. I turned NeoGenesis’ head over, and sure enough, he was alive, but only barely. He looked up at me with those pure, pristine blue eyes that the people in the news sure seemed to dote over and tried to focus on me. “A… ADHD…”

“Yeah. Die already, will you?” 

“No. Not that… That.”

“What.”

Shakily, NeoGenesis raised a blue gloved hand and pointed over toward where he’d entered my lair and where, I assumed, his Genesis Wing was stashed. “Get… get… home.”

“What?” This wasn’t making any sense. How hard did I hit this poor guy? 

His eyes were starting to unfocus, but he seemed determined to tell me. With a final push, he shouted at me, “Her! Home!” Then, with a final gasp and a rattle that I’d heard from plenty of my prisoners to know he was finally done, NeoGenesis slipped back to the floor and went on to the great superhero… palace… thing in the sky.

I glanced over at one of my henchmen who was approaching with a mop. “Hey, you. Where do superheroes go when they die?”

He shrugged, looking particularly dejected at having drawn the short straw to get to be the one to clean up superhero corpse today.  “Dunno. Heaven, prob’ly. Dunno, don’t care.”

So superhero heaven then. Makes sense. Good and evil and all that crap, he’s supposed to be good so he’d go to whatever Heaven he believed in, right? I stood back up, absently trying to wipe the blood off my boots onto NeoGenesis’ corpse as my gaze drifted over in the direct he’d pointed.

“… Oh! His plane!” I clapped my hands together excitedly. “I get his stuff since he’s dead in my home, right?” I didn’t wait for an answer from my henchmen – not that their answers meant squat to me anyway – and headed toward where the dead man had pointed.

Sure enough, once I’d rounded a few hallways, I found the terrace where NeoGenesis had managed to park his Genesis Wing. The sly dog had made a few upgrades, I discovered… for one, he’d gone with a VTOL configuration, which explained how he’d managed to land it inside my mountaintop castle. It was awfully pretty, I had to admit as I ran my finger down the length of the plane, but it was FAR too gaudy of a blue for my taste.

Nope. Going to have to repaint it a nice yellow and black, more fitting for my coloration…

… what the hell was that?

I bellowed, “Someone!” As I massaged my throbbing temples, it occurred to me that, God, one of these days I needed to start learning some of my henchmen’s names. Thankfully, they’d learned that I was horrible with names, and the closest one came running. As he looked at me in confusion from behind his mask, I pointed at the Genesis Wing. “What was that?”

“Uh?”

Right. I didn’t hire them for their majestic intellect. Noted. I sighed and motioned vaguely toward the cockpit. “There’s something inside. Go find out what.”

“Right.”

I stood back far enough in case the Genesis Wing exploded as the henchman clambered up into the thing. I mean, yeah, explosions don’t really hurt me all that much, but this suit was new, you know? Soon enough, the man was coming back down, and carrying something in what looked to be some kind of basket with a handle on it. He had an odd look on his face, and he looked at me in utter confusion.

This wasn’t their normal look of utter confusion, either. No, this was a totally new form of utter confusion, and I didn’t like it at all. I snarled, “Well, what is it?” as I strode up and snatched it out of his hands…

And looked down into a pair of the bluest eyes I’d ever seen in my entire life. Inside the basket, a small little girl that couldn’t be more than ten or eleven weeks of age stared up at me with the biggest blue eyes that held nary a whit of fear in them. Her hair was this mess of blonde curls that wrapped her teeny little ears almost like a blessing, poking out from underneath a hoodie that had obviously been placed on her head to keep her warm with lots of love, adoration and daddy kisses.

She squealed once upon seeing me, I’m assuming enjoyment from seeing the traditional villainous mustache I sported that twirled around my face, and she reached for me with those tiny hands of hers. Unconsciously, I reached down into the basket, and she gripped my fingers with her hands. Those fingers were soft yet firm, the touch of a child of a superhero, the grace of a nation.

After a long, and I might add very uncomfortable moment where no one spoke, the henchman beside me cleared his throat and said, “Uh, boss? Uh… Whadda we do now?”

“Now?” I turned and fixed him with a stare. “Now, we head to the city.”

“The city?”

“Yes.” I looked back in the basket. “Specifically, Mega City. NeoGenesis’ home town. Somewhere out there, this little thing has a mother. We are taking her home.”

“But… we’re the bad… ”

He never finished his sentence. As his corpse began to melt, I turned to the next minion that had arrived. “Do you have any questions?”

The minion looked at the quickly-forming puddle of his former compadre and nodded. “When do we leave?”

“Good man.” I picked up the basket carefully, being cautious to not jostle the little girl inside. “A quick lesson on being evil, my minion. Even the worst among us… must have standards.” I smiled. “Now let’s get this gorgeous little thing home to her mother. Who knows… In a decade or two, she might even be fighting us to avenge her father’s death! Wouldn’t that be fun!”

“Would it, sir?”

“Ugh, minions. You all are all alike!” I shook my head. “Let’s just go.”

“Yes, sir!”This will be a continual story, starting with my post that came from this WP:  **\

I had enough people ask for me to continue it, that I'll make a series out of it.  This isn't for any publication or anything, this is just for fun. :)  So, without further ado, here's part one!  


Edit: Part 2:   

&#x200B;

The initial story:

Everyone was just walking past her, as New Yorkers tended to do. If you didn’t have something they wanted, you were basically invisible to them. It really was an annoying habit, truth be told… and one I’d thankfully never quite gotten ingrained into my head as of yet. I was a transplant, new to New York and hailing from the South, where life moved a bit slower and we tended to take notice of pretty girls standing off to the side of the flow of traffic, trying to get people’s attention.

Granted, that would apply to ordinary girls in ordinary situations. This girl was definitely not what I’d consider ordinary. She was dressed to the nines in full princess regalia, obviously trying to drum up business for something Disney related, and though she had a fake smile pasted on her face for the world, it was obvious to see from the defeated look in her deep blue eyes that she’d already given up hope on ever handing out even one of those flyers she held in her trembling hands.

Welp, a good ol’ Southern man like myself couldn’t let this poor lady’s honor get degraded like that, so the least I could do is take a flyer from the poor thing. I stepped up to her and made eye contact with a nod.

The sheer relief that spread across her face surprised me. I hadn’t seen anyone that happy to see me since my momma after I’d left and returned home, years ago. The smile on her face cracked open into a warmer, genuine one as she said in perhaps the most beautiful tone I’d ever heard, “Good afternoon, good sir. Mayhaps thou wouldst fancy to visit a most wondrous new café? We are seeking new patrons to partake of our fine establishment, but I fear most of your brethren here can’t see me.”

“Oh, that’s just New Yorkers for you. Don’t you worry ‘bout them.” I smiled at her. Odd. Up close, she was just absolutely gorgeous, but when she absently moved a lock of her hair, I could have sworn her ears were slightly pointed. “I’ll take a flyer, I don’t have much going on at the moment, I’m sure I can swing on by.”

“Oh, thank ye, good sir!” She handed me the flyer upside down. “Ye shan’t regret it!”

“I bet.” I turned the flyer over to read it. Whoever designed the flyer had obviously been good with computers, the flyer looked extremely professional. “The Crackshell Inn? Odd name.”

There was no answer. I looked up from the flyer, and blinked in surprise. The lovely lady was gone. I hadn’t heard her leave, and given we were standing against a wall, it wasn’t like she could have just pushed past me without me knowing. So where in the crap… I turned around a few times, trying to figure out where she’d gone, the flyer forgotten as I tried to locate the woman, but finally I gave up. She was just gone.

My only clue was in my hand. I looked back at the flyer and frowned. “Ok, Crackshell Inn. Let’s see what sorta secrets you’re hiding, hmm?”

\*\*\*

New York has parts of town you can go to safely. It has parts of town you don’t go to if you want to survive the day. And it has parts of town you never go to, because no one remembers they exist unless you live there. That last group is where I was headed, on one of New York’s famous metro busses. It was nearly empty going in this direction, and beyond the elderly bus driver and myself, only an Asian woman and her two children were aboard to keep us company.

When my stop arrived, I hopped off and checked my GPS. It was supposed to be somewhere around here, but everything on my phone said there wasn’t anything but derelict buildings and vacant lots in this area. Granted, if it was newly built, my maps might not have been updated yet.

A sound caught my attention. Footsteps, from somewhere up ahead and down an alley… and right where my GPS said I was supposed to go. I shrugged. Might as well see if that’s where I was supposed to go, and if worse came to worse, hey, this was why I had my concealed carry permit, right? I ducked under an old overhanging piece of wood and made my way into the alleyway.

Turning the corner around the building revealed something I never expected to find in the middle of nowhere, New York. The building rose up from the middle of the derelict buildings almost like it didn’t belong there; a big sign across the top was emblazoned with “The Crackshell Inn,” and the building looked for all intents and purposes like it came right out of a Lord of the Rings movie. It was a nearly stereotypical “fantasy” inn, complete with thatch roof, horses tied up out front, what looked like people dressed up as orcs and elves milling about out front, the works.

It was a fantastic effect, made all the better by the remote location in the middle of New York. I grinned happily and started walking toward the café, the smells coming from it now starting to hit my nostrils. I could smell mead, some form of oven-baked bread, and other foods I didn’t recognize but everything smelled fantastic.

This was going to be great.

I walked past the actors at the front of the inn with a nod. “Nice costumes.” The ones in the orc costumes glared at me, the ones in elf costumes looked at me with a mixture of shock and confusion. Perfect method actors. I walked into the inn and looked around. Strangely, the interior of the inn was empty, save for a table near the bar with three people sitting down, waiting. One of them I recognized immediately as the girl who’d been handing out flyers.

She looked up with relief as I crossed the distance to her. “Oh, my knight, I am so relieved to see thee. I was afraid thou wouldst not come see us.”

“Now, why would I do that?” I glanced at the room. “Though if you’re looking to increase your business, you might want more tables.”

“Business?” One of the two men at the table, a very short and stocky man with a long thick beard and a voice that sounded like he was dragging it unwillingly across a cheese grater, shook his head. “We ain’t in no business.”

“This isn’t your inn?” I blinked. "I thought she said it was for a new cafe or something like that."

"What?" He glared at the woman, who sheepishly shrugged. "Ya weren't supposed ta lie to em!"

"I'm sorry, but no one else even stopped! I panicked"

I frowned. "So... This isn't your business?"

“Nope.”

“Oh.” I blinked. “Then what was the flyer for?”

“Did you not read it, boy?” The other man, an older gentleman who was dressed in what looked to be an evening robe of some sort, raised an eyebrow. “You might consider doing so.”

“Um, alright.” I shrugged. “I was kinda weirded out by the young lady here vanishing, so I never got around to fully reading it.” I pulled the paper back out of my pocket and quickly skimmed it. “Blah blah, seeking one human from modern day world for adventuring party… wait, what?” I blinked as realization slowly hit me. “Those aren’t actors out front?”

“No.”

“What exactly are you looking for?”

The older man cleared his throat. “Someone rather vital to our world has been kidnapped. We need someone from your world to help us retrieve him, as he has been absconded to a location that is beyond our ken to understand. We do not understand this ‘technology’ that hold him. You, we hope, do.”

“Ah… huh.” I motioned to the front door. “And those people outside?”

The shorter man spoke up. “Those are elves and orcs. The man we’re trying to rescue was brokering a peace treaty between the two of ‘em. Bringing him back will keep the peace in our world. Without him, there will be war.”

The woman I’d met before pulled back her hair again, and this time I was positive. Her ears were definitely pointed. “My people don’t want war. We need to bring him back. Please, good sir.” Her eyes bore into mine, and settled happily into the depths of my soul. “Wouldst thou help us?”

I smiled. “Well, Momma always said, ain’t nice to tell a lady no if she says please. Count me in.”This was a prompt-inspired post, from here:   


 



“It’s a new day.” I stared up at the ceiling, mentally counting the tiles. I’d done this just about every night now for what, three weeks? All because of today. Dreading this day. Dreading what I knew today was going to be about, what the questions were going to be, what the end result was likely going to be, and going over and over and over what I was going to have to say.

For what could I say, really? I’d gone over the options in my head a thousand times. Sorry? Yeah, somehow, that didn’t really feel like it was going to be enough. Oops, my bad? Hah, yeah, I bet that’d give the press a heyday, huh. Though I had to admit, it would be hilarious to see everyone’s reaction if I started it out that way.

I shook my head and kept going on my count, finishing up somewhere near the end of the cell. Fourteen hundred or so. I think. It was so hard to count the small tiles inside the larger tiles in the dark, but if I took each night’s guess and averaged it, I came up to somewhere around fourteen hundred. Granted, it wasn’t too dark in my cell, not anymore.

No, nothing was ever too dark anymore, not since these numbers appeared over my head. That was what, a month ago, when numbers appeared over everyone’s head to show how many people they’ve killed in their lifetimes? Yeah, fun little job that was, made life considerably easier for the police forces of the world, just look at the number above someone’s head and whammo, you can tell if someone’s guilty or not.

I sighed, idly playing with the shadows in my room by running my fingers through the transparent lights above my head. What the police never bothered with anymore was if you weren’t DIRECTLY involved with any of the deaths, well… they didn’t really care anymore. Like in my case.

A decade ago, the job for Ally Pharmaceuticals seemed to be a dream job. I’d get to research drugs to cure cancer, increase mankind’s lifespan, help sick kids, all those kitschy bullshit crap they tell you to get you in the door. Then, they lock you into researching the same old crap that everyone else is doing, whatever will make the highest profit and generate the best buzzwords to get the most doctors pushing their junk out the door the fastest.

Well, who would have thought I’d have the knack for coming up with some pretty buzzworthy shtick? I sighed and watched in the mirror as my numbers continued to tick ever higher. Some days, that number just spun and spun… It wasn’t supposed to be this way. I’d honestly tried to do right by the world, even against my superiors’ wishes. I remembered all of them, of course.

First was the pain medication that blocked all pain entirely without the need for anesthesia. Initially hailed as the gateway to new surgeries, it was found to be so addictive that three doses in a month and you were hooked on it for life. Every country in the world banned it within four months of release, but we had to keep producing it for those already addicted to it. Withdrawal side effects were almost always fatal.

My next breakthrough was an allergy medication for people with pet allergies. My superiors LOVED this idea, because people with pets spend a huge amount of money on their pets; getting them to spend some money for their medication to love their pets more seemed to be a marriage made in heaven. At first, this went exactly as the stockholders hoped, and profits soared; until people’s pets started to die. It was determined that the buildup of a certain protein found in the medicine to prevent the allergic reaction in humans was actually building up to levels fatal to animals.

The final straw for me, though, was my vaccine against the common cold. I told them it wasn’t ready, but they’d pushed for the press release anyway. The world had latched onto the premise of a cure for something that mutates fast, and is nearly incurable, even against my meek warnings. They refused to listen, and pushed it hard and distributed it fast.

It worked for a time. For three years, the common cold was nearly brought to its knees, very nearly decimated by what the pressed called its “miracle drug.” I knew it wouldn’t last, but what could I do? All I could do was wait for the inevitable to happen.

Finally, the virus mutated somewhere in a small European country to be immune to my vaccine, and the new strain was at nearly biblical proportions. Even now, it’s still ravaging parts of Africa and South America, and the world looks to find its scapegoat.

I looked up as I heard boots coming down the hallway. Lights flickered as the guard turned them on, one at a time. I sighed and stood up from my bunk, catching a quick look at my disheveled self in the mirror.

A once-handsome, once-hopeful, now-beaten man looked back at me, ready for his trial. Above his head was a number, glowing faintly. The number was increasing in size as I watched, and even now it was well over eighty-five million… and still going strong.

The guard stopped at my cell and looked at me with a sneer. “Ready to go?”

“Ready as I’ll ever be.”This one ended up being a bit hurried because work was being a pain in the ass, but ah well, I still like it. :)  


Original prompt: **\[WP\] On the ISS, you can only watch as the countries below engage in mutally assured destruction. At this very moment, you recieve first contact from another species...** 

  
Original link:   

&#x200B;

My story:  


 

“Idiots.”

The muttered word shattered the stunned silence in the room as we stared down at Earth far below us. I wasn’t sure who spoke it, but really, did that matter? From this distance, you couldn’t really see the devastation that we knew had to be unfolding down there, but we could see the results. Massive cloud formations would appear where moments ago there had been none, over and over, across the landscape below us. Just as we’d been able to see the California wildfire’s smokescreen a few years ago, now we were seeing the fires of Armageddon releasing before our very eyes.

A morbid part of my brain wondered idly if we’d been able to see the actual explosions if it’d been nighttime. I shook my head to clear the thoughts and looked around the room. Six scientists and myself, the world’s first tourist in space, and here we are watching the world die in stunned silence. I wondered for a moment if any of these smart men and women around me had realized yet that, with the world dying under us…

Where, exactly, where we supposed to go? I didn’t know much about the process of space station upkeep, but I doubted they just made air up here. In a way, maybe it’d have been better to be on the ground then, to die in a quick explosion of light and sound instead of slowly waiting to run out of supplies?

I sighed, shaking my head. “So. Um… now what?”

One of the astronauts, Marvin I think he’d said his name was, visibly slumped as he turned away from the viewport. “I… don’t have any idea, really. We don’t have any contingency plans for this sort of thing.”

“In a way, it’s bizarrely beautiful.” Another astronaut, Lisa, traced a faint line in the air. “I think that object way over there is another missile. It’s moving, and I don’t think it’s a satellite, but it’s hard to tell… yeah, it’s heading back to Earth, that’s definitely another missile.” She tried to see where it hit. “Objectively, when else would you get a chance to see something like this happen live? It’s incredible.”

“You’re nuts.” I grimaced. “And doesn’t address the question of what happens now. It’s not like we can go home again.”

Lisa shrugged. “We die.”

“Well that’s pleasant.”

“What’s that?” I blinked and looked out the viewport. “Did you guys see that?”

“See what?” Lisa looked where I was pointing. “Oh. That’s probably another missile.”

“Coming toward us?”

She shrugged. “Maybe? If there’s nothing left down below, then at least we’d be finished off fast instead of starving to death. I’d prefer that over deciding to eat each other.”

So they’d realized it too. We watched as the object hurtled directly toward us, though it was quickly evident that it wasn’t a missile. It was too large. The conversation around me fell to a whisper as it became apparent that the object coming toward us was, for lack of a better term, a space ship.

The ship looked like it was ripped straight off of Star Trek. It was oblong and round, with what was likely an observation deck somewhere in the front. Two small tubes were thrust below it at an angle, and it was using these propulsion; a small burst of bluish-green emissions trailed out behind it from the tubes, dissipating rapidly. As it arrived beside the ISS, we realized it was also half the size of the ISS.

It paused then, hovering above us as we all watched in stunned disbelief. Then, from nowhere, a computerized voice echoed through the chamber, eerily upbeat as it talked.

“Good morning, humans! I am {garbled}, and I welcome you to the Intergalactic Community!”

As one, we simply stared at each other in shock. When there was no response, the voice continued, “Oh! My condolences! I may have startled and/or frightened and/or terrified all present! Do not be fearful! I do not come with sad and/or horrible news! I come bearing your new Galactic Standard Rating!”

Finally, I somehow found my voice. “Our… what?”

“Oh! Good! You do enunciate! Marvelous! We were beginning to wonder and/or speculate whether you still could! Evolution is such a wondrous beast, you know…”

“Hey!” I interrupted the voice, “What is a Galactic Standard Rating?”

“Oh! Marvelous! Curiosity is a fantastic trait for a new race! Outstanding! So! Your GSR is an assignment given to all intelligent races within the known universe- “

Lisa piped up, “Wouldn’t Universal Standard Rating be a better designation then, since Galactic implies a single galaxy?”

There was a long pause. “Oh my. Wonderful! Not even 20 of your time units fresh into your GSR, and you’ve already pointed out a major inconsistency! Oh, you will do well with the community, indeed! Already, people of all races are lining to get a chance to see and speak with you fine specimens, indeed!”

“Specimen?” I frowned. “Wait.”

“Oh dear. Yes. Specimen. I must explain! You see, this planet has been under GSR watch now for some time! Your race has been so agonizingly close to making the final step toward GSR…” Was it my imagination, but did the voice sound… sad? “But you are also a very volatile lot. Oh yes! The gambling nebulas had your odds pegged at destroying yourselves before you’d be able to join, and they were right!”

“So…” I looked back down at the planet below, where more clouds were still forming. “We’re what, going to a zoo?”

“As some of the last surviving members of your race, you must be protected! You are a critically endangered species!” A blue light surrounded us, and we found ourselves pulled up from our seats. “And I hate to have to insist, but according to galactic law, you critically endangered species never know what’s good for yourselves, so sit tight!”

As the ISS began to vanish around us, I chuckled. This was going to be considerably more interesting than I’d thought…It's with great pleasure and more than a fair bit of nervousness that I announce that my novel, "The Draconic Pipeline," has finally come full circle and is being released as we speak! It's currently available in E-Reader format on Barnes and Noble, Amazon, Apple and a few others, with more coming soon.

The paperback novel will also be along soon enough as well - there was a bit of a technical glitch called "Matt couldn't figure out how many pages his work is between different systems." Hey, I'm new at this, ok? :)

Links to all sources but Amazon can be found here:  
  
Amazon link can be found here:  


Once the paperback version has arrived, I'll update with the links to them as well. This wouldn't have come about without a lot of poking, prodding and support from a whole host of you guys, so thanks to everyone!!!

Major kudos and thanks to  for her fantastic work on the cover!

https://preview.redd.it/5yt54awmfhr21.jpg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=09e6f82ca051d1a5ac32ae1271d0d1b976bebc7eTwo in one day.  Feels good to get writing again. :)  


Original prompt:  **\[WP\] "Wait, are you telling me there's no engine access port? Who made this spaceship, Apple?" "Actually, yes." "FUCK!"** 

&#x200B;

Original link: 

&#x200B;

My post:  


 

“Thank you for holding. Your call is very important to us. Please remain on the line and your call will be answered in the order in which it was received. Thank you.”

“I can’t believe they’re STILL using on-hold music from the twentieth century.” I shook my head and looked at my copilot. “Who’d you say this company was, again?”

Ktar shrugged and moved one of his tentacles forward, peering at the owner’s manual with his close-range eyes. His voice echoed from the ship’s speakers, tied into the language synthesizer in his head. “Some Terrain-based company called ‘Apple,’ it appears. Sound familiar?”

“Terrain or Earth?” I jerked a thumb behind me in what I hoped was the direction of one of the two. “They are two separate places, you know. Terrain is what most of Earth moved to after the fourth World War…”

“Ah, apologies. Earth-based, not Terrain based.”

“Great.” I shook my head. In the background, the echo of “… on the line and your call will be answered…” continued. “I didn’t realize any Earth-based tech still existed out there. You’re SURE that’s who built the drive? A fracking EARTH company?”

“You can read this if you want.” Even through the synthesizer, it wasn’t hard to tell Ktar’s sarcastic voice. “After all, we might be here a while.”

“I hope not. Should just be an easy fix.” I looked back at the comm port. How long have we been on hold anyway?”

“Twenty-two hours, fourteen minutes…”

A pleasant voice interrupted Ktar. “Thank you for calling Apple customer support, my name is Alice, how can I help you?”

“Oh thank god.” I stretched and grinned toward the comm port. “You can’t see me, but I’m happy as a lark over here. Wasn’t sure anyone still answered the phone over there.”

“Indeed we do, sir. What seems to be the trouble today?”

“The engine’s out, and I’ll be dipped if I can see a way to open it up and work on it.”

“Can I have the model number?”

“The what?”

“The model number. Or the serial number, either one of those will get me to the right area to assist you.”

“Uh.” I looked at Ktar, who shrugged. That was quite a sight to see from the eight-eyed giant squid. “Where, ah… would I find this?”

“Do you have your manual?”

“Oh!” I held up the manual, forgetting for a moment she couldn’t see me. “Right here!”

“Your model number should be listed somewhere on the front cover, and your serial number is likely inside the first page.”

“Ok, um… Model looks like a Lightstar 40x? I guess? And the serial is 4x135q55p#?”

“Thank you. Looks like you’re still under warranty, so that’s a good thing.”

“We are?” I blinked. I’d received the space ship as a hand-me-down graduation gift from my mother, and that had been nearly 40 life cycles ago. “Wow. That’s a heck of a warranty.”

“Well, we build them to last, sir. We stand by our products. So along with the warranty…”

“So never mind that though. How do I get in to fix this?”

“Sir?”

I looked over at Ktar. He’d fallen asleep. “I need to get into the engine to refire it and get moving again. How do I do that?”

“With that model… hmm. You don’t, sir.”

“Pardon?”

“That unit is self-contained. Only an Apple authorized ship repair facility would be able to access the interior and repair it.”

“No, I just need an access port, and I can get in…”

“There is no access port, sir.”

“There’s what.” I blinked. “Why would… what? So what am I supposed to do? We’re stuck!”

“No worries, sir. You’re covered under the emergency clauses of the warranty, so someone will be heading your way as soon as I’ve located the nearest repair facility to your current location. Do you mind holding while I get this worked up?”

“Uh, sure?” I blinked as the hold music returned. No access port? The thought of sitting here and waiting wasn’t all that appealing, but the lady on the comm had seemed pretty confident. Maybe there was a repair facility all the way out here in the Orion–Cygnus Arm?

After a fairly long time, the woman came back. “Ok, sir, I’ve arranged everything. We’ve got your coordinates locked in and your engine transponder is sending us a signal so we can trace if you drift while we are on our way to your location. Just sit tight and someone will be there soon.”

“Wait!” I could tell from her tone she was about to hang up. “How long are we talking here?”

“Well, given your current coordinates, it’s going to take our nearest repair facility some time to reach you…”

“That’s not my question. How long?”

“… 48 light cycles.”

“… what?”

“Thank you for calling Apple customer service, sir, and someone will be in contact with you once they are nearby. Have a nice day.”

Stunned, I could only stare at the comm port as I heard Ktar clear his throat beside me. “So, ah, boss… 48 light cycles until we’re rescued then?”

“Looks that way.”

“We have food for 200 light cycles, plus the cargo, so we won’t starve.”

“Nope. So… what do you want to do?”

“Cards?”

“Sure. Why not.”This was amusing. :)  Here's the original prompt:  
**\[WP\] We were warned when we hired our first human crew member that they would pack bond with almost anything. We didn't listen, and now have an apex predator somewhere in the ship, that the human won't stop calling Kitty.**

Original link:  
  

&#x200B;

My story: 

&#x200B;

 

“Come on, guys! Where’d everyone go?” The human’s voice on the coms sounded bemused. It always sounded that way whenever he didn’t understand something about the other races on board the Arq, which honestly was quite often. Humanity was still far too new in the Galactic Consciousness to understand some of the finer nuances that were required for proper protocol when dealing with all the varied species across the universes, but still, here we were.

I could have cursed Drak and his entire clanline for having had the bright idea of bringing this human aboard. This was supposed to have been a simple transport mission. Now, granted, transporting live animals from planets of Apex-Predator qualities higher than six did usually require some finesse, finesse that our little rag-tag band of collected misfits didn’t tend to have. That’s where the human was supposed to have filled in the gap, since humans were rumored to be good at this “animal bond” thing.

He’d turned out, of course, to be more than just ‘good’ at bonding with the blasted things. That stupid human had bonded with every single one of the creatures in their cages, feeding them scraps of food and cooing and making these really weird noises to them every time he was near them. The creatures would nearly tear themselves out of their cages, trying to get to him just to get something the human called “scritches.” It was disgusting. I huddled under my sleeping nook and tried to make myself even smaller than I was, trying to ignore the sounds coming through my comm.

“Guys?” No one answered him. We were all afraid to. Well, those of us still alive anyway. We’d all seen what happened to Drak when the Alarcat got out of its cage. No one liked Drak when it came down to it, but we also hadn’t wanted to see him eaten alive by a six-legged beast from Legus Prime! And now that damn thing was loose on the ship, and all of us were huddled in locked rooms throughout the ship, waiting to die.

All of us, that is, but one stupid human. I still don’t remember what his name was. Alor? Alan? Alien? He’d told me but I wasn’t listening, I’d just been trying my best to not get whatever it was that he had all over me. I didn’t want him to touch me, get near me, nothing. I was perfectly fine with a human aboard the ship, as long as the human wasn’t anywhere near ME. I hated that human.

And it was the human who was walking around, making some sort of strange clicking noise with his throat, and calling out “Kitty, kitty!” while looking for the Alarcat. He was going to die. I just knew it. Any time now, that Alarcat was going to find him, and then…

There was a roar that shook the entire ship, and I knew… the hunt was nearly over. The Alarcat had found its prey. I unconsciously leaned forward, straining to hear through my comm as the scene unfolded through my earpiece. I heard the human go, “Ah, there you are!” I could almost feel the impact as the Alarcat screamed its warcry and pounced…

Then silence. I nodded grimly. The human was dead. He had to be. The Alarcat must be feasting on the human’s corpse right now. Maybe we could use this time to reach the escape pods… I blinked. A very odd noise had just started coming out of my coms. I tapped on my ear piece and strained, trying to hear it better.

It increased in intensity, a low rumble that increased and decreased in rhythm. Almost like breathing? And then I heard the human. “Aw, the big kitty likes that, doesn’t he? Oh, doesn’t he! Yeah, he does, I can hear you purring! Yes, I can!”

I stared at my door in dumbfounded amazement as the human said over the coms, “Hey, guys? I found the cat! What do you want me to do with it?”

No one responded for what seemed like an eternity. Finally, I heard the captain speak. I’d never, in my six hundred years upon this ship, ever heard her sound flabbergasted. Today? Today, she was flabbergasted. “Um… Can you… uh… Can you get kitty to go back into its cage?”

“Yeah, I can do that. Come on kitty. Let’s get you back in your cage. Come on, up you go.” There were more rumbling sounds. “Oh, come on, you big lush. Ok, one more tummy rub, then we’ll go, ok?

I swear to F’thal the damn creature chirped at the human. As one, the rest of the crew waited until the human came across the coms again with “Ok, its back in its cage. Y’all can come out of hiding now, you big babies.”

So yeah. I understand why we need a human on the ship now. Doesn’t mean I have to like it, but I understand. They can bond with anything. Because they’re frickin’ CRAZY.Yeah, I'm sorry, but someone posted a WP about a Dr Seuss-run Pet store.  I HATE to write for it!!!  Just had to!

Original WP:  **\[WP\] A child goes to a mysterious pet store looking for a pet to get, maybe a dog or a cat. Instead, he finds some of the most whimsical, unbelievable creatures, as a man opens the door for him. "Hello," he says warmly, "my name is Dr. Seuss. What's yours?"**   
Original link:     


My story:

  

“Er, hello?” This store was weird. There weren’t any cats or dogs of the regular kind that I was used to. Instead, there were some very… ODD… looking creatures in here. Sure, some of them sorta looked like cats and dogs, but their eyes were definitely far too large, and if I wasn’t quite looking at them, I could swear they were actually SMILING at me.

But no, that couldn’t be. Dogs and cats and even friggin’ birds didn’t smile, right? Right? I repeated, “Hello?” as I walked through the store. So far, I hadn’t seen a soul inside this madhouse. Everything inside this store was colored in bright pastels as well, almost garishly god-awful, but somehow the colors seemed to fit the overall ambiance to the place. 

From behind me, I heard a sing-song voice answer me. 

“Good afternoon, my friend! I didn’t see you there!  
 I’m glad you came in today without a single care!  
 Oh how rude of me, if you’ll pardon the excuse,  
 Let me introduce myself, for I am Dr. Seuss!”

I turned around, and I saw this strange fellow standing behind me. I’m almost positive there hadn’t been someone there before, but now… well, whatever. “Ok, um… so this is a pet store?” He nodded quite enthusiastically. “So, yeah. These pets. They’re not normal pets, are they?”

His eyes grew wide, and when he spoke, it was that sing-song voice again.

“Oh no, my friend, normal pets just would not do  
 A normal cat or dog would just simply not suit the likes of you  
 Why, a normal cat could never sing and dance and play  
 Like the animals that I have here for sale, I say, no way!”

I blinked. Sing? Dance? Whatever else this guy had for sale in his shop, I had a pretty solid idea what was for sale in the back alleyway. And he was definitely smoking it in the break room. “Ok, I’ll bite. So… let’s say I want something to keep me company after work. What do you have for that?”

“Why, for that, my friend, just follow me to this tank  
 In this tank we have a fish, a lovely fish by the name of Frank  
 He is from the Sea of Jip, and as you see he is a special kind of mess  
 For fish from the Sea of Jips are masters at the game of chess.”

I watched, astounded, as the fish with bulging eyes did, indeed, leap out of its tank and move a chess piece on a board nearby. It had obviously started a game with this strange man before me, and to my amazement it moved a tab inside the tank to the word “Check.”

“Um, no thanks. I’m… allergic to fish. Yeah. Let’s look at a dog?” 

“Oh, not a problem my friend, not a problem not one bit!  
 Over there is the space where we keep our canines trim and fit  
 We have dogs of all shapes and all sizes and colors and names  
 And yes, indeed, if you asked them nicely, they too will play games!”

He wasn’t kidding. There were over a dozen dogs in the corner, playing a variety of games. Two of them were playing badminton, four of them were involved in what looked to be a very heated game of poker, and the rest appeared to be playing football as best as they could in the cramped area of the store. 

“Um… Yeah. Tell you what… I’m going to think about it, ok? I’ll just… come back.” Slowly, I started to back out of the store. The store manager, the odd fellow by the name of Seuss, nodded at me and said one last time,

“Oh, that is fine, my friend, that is fine and well  
 Do what you will, but you’ll see and time will tell.  
 In a day or three, you’ll return to my store.  
 And you’ll buy one. Or two. Maybe three, maybe more!” 

He waved goodbye as I left, and I walked down the street in a hurry, trying to put distance between me and that crazy place. I swore I wasn’t going to return.

I swore it. But now I’ve got to come up with names for three dogs that can play the piano. Anyone have any suggestions?Joined in a friend to do a 30-min writing sprint in chat, but got called away to work... and had to finish this afterward, but I'm QUITE happy with how this one came out. :D

&#x200B;

Original IP:  **\[IP\] Fixing up...** 

Original link:   

&#x200B;

My Story:  

**The Repair Job**

The city was always quietest right after dawn. The sun creeping along the dusty, deserted streets never failed to catch the attention of whatever vermin dared to encroach upon whatever morsels of debris the cleaning bots might have missed from their overnight sweeps. As usual, their efforts were fruitful and the mice fought valiantly over a rind of fruit as one of the many city felines stalked its own breakfast.

In a crevice, only absently paying attention to the life and death scenario about to play out before her, Celine peered down into the skull of the servobot in her lap. The greenish light radiating from the various ports of the severely damaged bot were encouraging, but as of yet she’d been unable to fully restore it to even partial functionality. She wiped the sweat off her eyes and brought her goggles back down over her face, ready for another go at it.

With steady hands, she adjusted a few settings, tweaked a few gears, and without warning the servobot moved its leg slightly. Encouraged, Celine stuck just the tip of her tongue out and ever so gently tweaked the same spot again.

This time, the leg moved, and continued to do so. It bent until it was obvious that the servobot was attempting to stand up, and she removed her tool, satisfied. She closed that port and, with a quick hit from her welding tool, sealed the port shut.

The rest of the morning continued that way until the first of the two suns was far overhead. Finally, she sat back, exhausted but relieved. The servobot whirred as it finally came fully online. It focused its sensors on Celine for a moment, its boot cycle still not fully complete, before it reacted with surprise.

Its voice was the standard programmed voice, but Celine still knew the sound of it by heart. “Oh! Miss miss miss Celine! It’s you! Oh, I’m so happy happy h…” The bot paused. “My voice ssssservos are…”

“You’re not fully fixed yet, no.” Celine sighed, shaking her head. “If you need more proof, look down.” She motioned vaguely at the ground. “You don’t have either foot, missing half a leg, one hand…”

“Oh m-m-m-my.”

“Yeah. So.” Celine leaned forward, her eyes flashing in the midday sun. The second sun was just starting to creep over the horizon, so it was going to be very warm very soon. “What do you remember? What do your memory banks hold? And try to keep it brief, because I don’t want to strain your voice servos too much.”

“Am-ambush.” The bot motioned toward the West. “Three cars. They came a-a-a-at us in Rockafeller-er-er Canyon.”

“Any support?”

“Two air.”

“Damn.” That wasn’t a good sign. Air support meant more than one family was involved, which immediately meant this was a high contract killing. Which, of course, made things a thousand times more complicated. “Choppers, or blimps, or planes?”

“B-b-b-b”

“Blimps.”

“So Lazar then.” That was a blessing at least. Choppers would have meant Keys was behind the air support, and his family was nigh-untouchable. Planes would have been manageable, because the Sortellis were mostly wiped out anyway. Blimps meant some trouble from Lazar’s crew, but nothing she couldn’t handle. “Anything else you can access?”

The servobot nodded. “Y-yes. The cars were fairly n-n-new, black paint, red logo.”

Celine stared at the servobot for a time. “Why in the seven hells would Crisco work with Lazar? Lazar killed his girl! They’ve been mortal enemies for…”

“They both h-h-hated your parents m-m-ore?”

“Oh, yeah.” Celine smirked and cocked a thumbs-up at the bot. “Right. Can’t forget that fact. Enemy of my enemy and all that, right?”

“R-r-right, m’lady. So what now, miss-miss-miss Celine?”

“Now?” Celine stood up and brushed some of the dust and grime off of her trousers. “Now, we take you to get you some upfits. I’ve got a couple of guys that owe me some favors, and a few shops that owe the family big. Time to call em in and start seeing what we can do.”

“Up-upfits?”

“Oh yeah. I’m thinking you’re done being a servobot. You need something with more armor, and considerably more weaponry. You’re getting at least something with some shoulder-fired ground to air abilities if I want a shot at Lazar’s brood, after all.” Celine bent down and, with a growl, uncomfortably picked up the servobot and threw him over her shoulder. “God damn, but I’m kinda wishing you’d had more pieces shot off of you!”

“My a-a-apologies, miss Celine, but I would w-w-w-alk if I could.”

“I know you would, my friend, I know you would. Now just hold on, let’s get you home.”Heh, another one that was done as a challenge from chat.  Elapsed time, 21 minutes. :D|  


Original post:  **\[IP\] Look on My Works, Ye Mighty, and Despair!**   
Original link:     


My story:  

“N… no.” I could only stare in horror as first one, then the next, and the next began to stream out of the portal. Before long, the trickle became a stream, then a river, then a torrent. The invasion had begun, and there was nothing humanity could do to stem the tide of demons crossing over from the beyond into our world.

Each creature stood nearly seven feet tall. Flames washed over them almost like clothing, and spines rippled across their body almost as an afterthought. Large wings erupted from their backs with a vengeance, promising that no prey could escape them by any means, and their hands were wrapped in wicked claws of stone. Demons of old, promised to be the end of times, brought here by a simple spell no man should have ever cast.

And it was all my fault.

A long, slow chuckle snapped me back to my senses. I turned back to the old man beside me, fury building in my soul. He’d promised me that this altar, this ancient, cursed altar, would help bring peace to my village and health to my dying daughter. Instead, I’d ripped apart reality and started an invasion. “You tricked me!”

His voice had always irritated me, and now even more so as he cackled merrily, “Oh ho ho, but did I now? This WILL bring peace to your village, will it not? Complete and utter devastation will bring an everlasting peace, will it not? There is a certain quiet peace in absolute death, no?”

“You bastard!” I reached for him, but he was surprisingly spry for his age, and the wiry man dodged away, still cackling. “What about my daughter? You said this would heal her!”

“Oh but it will!” Another accursed cackle as the old man spun and fixed me with that piercing gaze of his cold blue eyes. “It will, my friend, it will! The demon king needs his human bride in order to remain here. You know the prophesy!”

I paled. “No.”

“Yes!” He laughed cruelly. “She will be transformed into our king’s concubine, forever ruling by his side as he conquers this plane of existence. And it’s all thanks to you, my friend.”

“This world might be doomed,” I snarled, drawing my sword, “but I’m going to remove you from it before I go. You betrayed me.”

“Me? Betrayed you?” He stood and sniffed in disappointment. “I hardly think so. I simply withheld information.”

I crossed the distance between us rapidly and sank my blade deep within chest with a satisfying thunk. To my shock, he simply ignored it and continued, “Speaking of which, I might have forgotten one other piece of information to tell you.”

He grinned at me and casually knocked me aside with the back of his frail hand, his sudden strength odd against his frail frame. The old man slipped my blade out of his chest bloodlessly and tossed it to the ground with a clang of metal and fixed me with a gaze. His voice, once high-pitched with age, suddenly deepened as he intoned, “It might have been something important I forgot to tell you, too…”

As I dropped to my knees and wept, the old man began to shift into one of the demons from the portal. When the final blow came, I never knew it, and my world went dark…This was a fun little exercise.  Basically, write a scene using NO character voices and no movement.  So, I kinda cheated and used one of my image prompts for inspiration and went from there. :)

&#x200B;

Original Prompt:  **\[CW\] Write a setting description (300-500 words) without a character voice. No dialogue, no action, no interpretation of the environment through an individual.**   


Original link:   

&#x200B;

The image I used for inspiration:   

&#x200B;

My story:  
\* \* \*  


  

No human touch had entered the valley in some time. Decades, centuries… only the stones of the derelict home to the gods knew. Throughout the valley, thick green grass consumed anything that wasn’t claimed by the trees that dotted the landscape, reaching into the heavens for the blessing of the life-giving light to sustain them. No sounds crept from the valley, though the calls of birds did ring true from beyond. A stillness, almost a feeling of waiting, emerged instead from the corpse of humanity below. 

The city that seemed to have grown out of the center of the valley was well in the process of being consumed by nature, though to the credit of its founders the majority of the city still stood tall. A wall of spiked pillars surrounding the city now bore a more natural element, with only a few sections having already collapsed under the weight of time. 

Overshadowing the city, the massive monument to the gods reached to the stars, interrupting even the paths of wandering clouds with its presence. The gargantuan dais and dials that adorned it still gleamed with the fashions of gold and silver hues, undulled as yet by years of exposure to the harshness of weather. The pattern of carvings across its entire surface had been done with care, long ago. Titanic rings of carved stone surrounded the obelisk, putting the final touches on what had been the gateway to the realm of the gods.

But even this monument had not been able to resist the touch of eternity, as sections of the stone rings in orbit around the fantastical device had long since crashed to the ground below. Sections of the gears had accompanied the falling stone to the ground, and the usefulness of the gateway now forever ruined. What remained would fall as more years passed, but for the moment all was peaceful.

&#x200B;

(314 words)heh.  Be careful exactly what you ask for... \*evil laugh\*

&#x200B;

Original prompt:  **\[WP\] You just got a major promotion at work, to celebrate you take your friends out for drinks. You ask the Bartender, “Give me the most expensive bottle you have”. The Bartender looks at you and sighs, he grabs a lantern and says, “follow me”.**   


Original link:     


My story:  
  

“The most EXPENSIVE bottle!” I’d proclaimed at the tip-top of my lungs, for all the bar to hear. Yup. That was me. Boorish, foolish, drunk-as-a-skunk me, loudly proclaiming to everyone that was in earshot that not only was I a) likely drunk off my rocker, b) obviously had either a corporate credit card or was spending money on a credit limit I’d regret in my sober hours and c) was well into my obnoxious stage of drunkenness, but that I was also willing to max out all 3 parts of those steps at the same time. 

The bartender had given me this very odd look and asked me three times if I was sure I wanted the most expensive bottle. First time I’d just slurred, “Yeah, ‘f course.” 

Second time, he’d repeated, “THE most expensive?”

And the third time, he had HEAVILY stressed “THE” most expensive. Which had given me pause, even in my drunken state. 

But it wasn’t until he’d grabbed that lantern that I’d suddenly sobered up and realized something odd was going on. He nodded and said in a voice that, though it was his, was suddenly deeper when he replied, “Very well.” He pulled out this lantern that looked like one of those old sea-faring lanterns you see in old pirate movies. It was encrusted with rust and seashells, and a thin curved metal bar protruded out of the top so it could be carried.

It was already alight when he pulled it out of the cabinet below him. Did he just keep it lit under there all night long? Intrigued, I glanced at my buddies, but they were too busy watching the game to have noticed the interaction between myself and the bartender. I shrugged. It was a close game, after all.

The bartender motioned for me to follow him as he moved to the end of the bar. I stood, carefully making my way through the patrons. In my drunken state, it was hard to not step on the occasional foot or ankle, but all the patrons were at least nice enough to hold still and let me pass by them as best as I could. Finally I was at the end of the bar with the bartender, the light from the lantern washing over the both of us.

It was an oddly warming light, and it felt like it actually passed right through me and into the wall beyond. It felt really good, like I was standing on the warm beaches in Oahu in July, just soaking up the sun. I wanted to ask the man where he’d gotten the lantern when he turned to me and smiled. 

“You’ll have to follow me. Hold onto the guard rail, it can be a bit slippery.”

“Um, ok.” That didn’t make sense until the bartender turned and slipped the lantern into a recess in the wall. The recess slid backwards slightly, and a large door opened up behind him, revealing a winding staircase that led downwards into darkness. The air that exploded out of the hole beyond was damp and cold, and I shivered as it washed over me. “Oh! We’re going down there?”

“You wanted THE most expensive bottle, did you not?”

“I did.” I was positive I wanted it. And now, knowing it was kept someplace cool like that? Hell yeah I wanted that bottle. 

“Then follow me.”

None of the other bar patrons made a move to follow as the two of us entered the stairwell. The only sound was the small schlunk as the door slid close behind me, momentarily plunging us both into darkness. Then the lantern was retrieved from its place in the alcove, and I found the guard rail the bartender had mentioned. Without another word, I followed behind him.

He was right. The stairs WERE considerably slippery, and I’d have slipped even if I’d been sober. In my state, the guard rail was a godsend. I still wound up with a few bruises, but we made it to the bottom of the stairs in due time.

The ending of the stairs was a simple chamber lit by a few candles. In the center of the room was a small circular table with a single bottle of unidentified liquid and a thin wine glass next to it. A simple wooden chair sat next to the table, waiting for an owner. 

I motioned at the bottle, and the bartender nodded. I moved over to the chair and sat down, a bit fearful of the surroundings… until the bartender began to work on the bottle. 

The moment the cork popped off the bottle, the scent of the booze filled the room with the most wondrous scent. It was a little like breathing in the smell of springtime… as though the very earth was waking up from a long winter nap, grasses were stretching their legs to wake and trees were shaking their limbs to start their growing process… oh, it was a heavenly, earthy scent indeed, and I wanted to try it.

I could hear the bartender’s voice at the edge of my consciousness, saying something about sign here, waiver, something something. I waved it off, I wanted to drink this so badly! But yeah, I can’t drink something I haven’t paid for, right? So I looked down, and there by my hand, he’s got something there, waiting for my signature. I scribbled my signature and grabbed the glass, eagerly anticipating the sensation of this liquid hitting my gullet.

The moment it hit my lips I’ll never forget. The tingling was like a lover’s first caress. It wrapped itself around my tongue, played lightly around my teeth and gums, then dropped down the chute into my throat with a lightness that belied the high alcohol content. The taste was every bit as fantastic as the smell had been. If the smell was spring, the taste was all four seasons experienced at the same time. I’d never thought I’d been able to imagine spring having a snowball fight with fall, while summer and winter built sandcastles in my mouth, but there you have it.

After a few moments of euphoria, I finally came down from the high of this wondrous taste sensation and smiled. “Oh, but that is absolutely heavenly! And that’s your absolutely best stuff, huh?”

“Indeed.” The bartender smiled. “It doesn’t get any better, or any more expensive than that.”

“So.” I held the glass up to my nose, enjoying the scent once again before I took a second drink. “How much did that bottle just cost me, exactly?”

“Monetarily? Not a dime.” The edge in his voice dropped another few octaves again though as his next words took every bit of drunkenness out of my body. “All it cost you was your eternal soul…”Original WP:  **\[WP\] As a child you bought the soul of your friend for a dollar and a candy. Since then you have been doing that as a joke again and again. Now, after 30 years, the devil shows up at your doorstep.** 

&#x200B;

Original link: 

&#x200B;

my story:   


  

“No, Butch. No!” I sighed and reached down, trying in vain to prevent the bulldog from chewing on my shoe. “Do you know how expensive those are, you dumb mutt?”

Butch stopped chewing to look up at me at let me know that, in no uncertain terms, even if he DID know, he wouldn’t stop chewing on my new shoes. Then, without further ado, he continued chewing on the new leather happily, slobber flying as he attacked them with gusto. 

“Dammit, dog!” I put my beer down and finally moved to retrieve the shoes from Butch’s grasp. After a quick impromptu game of tug-of-war, Butch reluctantly released the shoes and I grimaced. “And now they’re sopping wet. Great job, mutt.”

Butch yorped at me happily and stood up on my leg, trying to get to my shoes, the nub of his tail wagging happily. 

“Ah, you goof.”  I scratched at his head with bemusement and kept the shoes out of his reach as I grabbed a nearby tennis ball. “How about this instead? You want this?” As his eyes went wide, I nodded. “I thought so. Here, boy, go get it!”

I threw the ball into the other room, and Butch excitedly tore off after it with a scratch of nails on hardwood. I chuckled and moved to the closet to toss my shoes inside to dry when I heard the front door buzzer. After I deposited the shoes in the closet, I moved over to the speaker and depressed the button. “Yes?”

“Mr. Snider?”

“That’s me. Who’re you?”

“… A friend. And potential business partner. I have something I’d like to discuss with you. May I come up?”

Well that didn’t sound shady at all. And that’s why God invented security systems, dead bolt locks, and shotguns. “I’m on vacation at the moment, so if you know who I am, which I’m assuming you do, just make an appointment with my secretary at my office and I’ll get with you sometime next week.”

“Oh, that won’t do, Mr. Snider.” The voice came from my living room.

I spun in a panic, and sure enough, a rather tall man with slicked-back hair was sitting comfortably on my couch. “Hey! How did…”

“No need to panic, Mr. Snider.” The man raised his hand disarmingly. “Relax. You might see a few strange things here today, but remember, I’m only here to talk.”

“But… hey.” I blinked as Butch finally came back in with the ball and looked quizzically at the new man. To my amazement, he proceeded to march right over to the man and drop the ball at his feet. “Weird. Normally he barks like mad at people he hasn’t met.”

“Well, I have a way with hounds.” The man reached down and picked up the ball. “Here you go, Butch.” He tossed it into the other room, and away Butch went with a scrabbling of nails.

“Wait.” I frowned and moved into the room with the man, taking a seat opposite him. “You… know Butch?”

“I know his name, yes. Same as I know yours. Same as I know everyone’s.” The man regarded me calmly for a moment. “What do you know of the heavens, Mr. Snider?”

“Please don’t’ call me Mr. Snider. That’s my father’s name. Call me Jack.”

“Ok, Jack. My question?”

“That’s a really odd question to start off with.”

“Perhaps, but answer it for me, please.”

“Fine. Ah, well, very little.” I shrugged. “I didn’t pay much attention to church growing up, because my parents pretty much forced me to go every Sunday, and other than when the Sunday school teacher brought in cookies, I hated it. So I sorta kinda guess I believe in God, and Noah built the arc? Otherwise, I guess I’d have to read up on the Bible to refresh my memory again. Why?”

“Have you any memory… excuse me.” The man bent down as Butch returned and dropped the ball on his foot. “You, my good sir, are enthusiastic.”

“That’s Butch.” I smiled. “He’ll play as long as you do.”

“Good quality in a dog. I have a few hell hounds that are just like him, they’ll play for months if you let them.”

“I bet.” I blinked. “Wait, what?”

The man tossed the ball into the other room again, and away Butch went. “Where was I?”

He must have misspoke. “Oh, uh… you were asking me if I had any memory of something.”

“Right. Do you have any memory of Lucifer?”

“The devil?” I shrugged. “Consummate bad guy, basically? The textbook bad to God’s ‘good,’ I guess, but otherwise no? Why?”

The man chuckled. “Neat way to put it, I suppose. But yes, in a nutshell.” He stood up and peered out the window. “That, in essence, would be me.”

“Ah.” Right. And I’m a monkey’s uncle. There’s no way…

“You are not a monkey’s uncle.”

“What?” I blinked. “You can…”

“Read your thoughts? Yes.” He turned around. “I can read your thoughts. I can tell the future.” He vanished before my eyes and walked out of the other room, Butch in his arms. “And I can teleport, among other things. Would you like to see my natural form for more proof?”

“Uh… n, no, that’s ok.” I frowned. “So… um… what…”

“What am I doing in your condo?”

“Yes. That.”

“Does the name Frank Delano ring a bell?”

“Franko?” I stared. “What? Why? Did he die and no one told me, and he’s on the way to hell… I mean, yeah, the guy’s pretty much a crook, I figured he was going to hell anyway but still…”

“Stop.” Lucifer held up a hand. “He’s not dead. And even if he was, he wouldn’t be coming to me, at least not yet. That’s kinda why I’m here, Jack. We need to talk, and it all starts with Frank Delano.”

“I’m… more than a bit confused.” 

“Let me try to explain.”

It took about an hour, and more than half of the bottle of good wine I had saved for a rainy day, but finally I think I had it straight. I looked down at my glass with trepidation and sighed.

“So let’s see.” I counted it off on my fingers. “So basically, all those times I jokingly told my friends, coworkers, and other people that they could trade their souls for various benefits in my companies? Those are completely 100% legit business deals?”

“Correct.”

“So because I honored my part of every single one of those deals, every person that signed their paperwork where I had included their soul listed, even in jest, I now technically own their soul?”

“Correct.”

“And you…”

“Want to hire you.” Lucifer chuckled as Butch snored at his feet. “Besides your fantastic taste in companionship, no human’s managed to coerce so many souls from his or her fellow population in such a short time as you have, and legally been allowed to keep them. You’ve dotted every ‘I’ and crossed every ‘t.’ You’re as professional as they come, and we’ve been looking to outsource for a while to try to modernize a bit. It’s a match made in, well, hell.”

“Outsourcing my services to hell.” I looked in my wine again, and a slow grin split my face. “And mom said I wasn’t going to make anything of myself.”

“So you’re in?”

“Oh, I’m in. I’m so, so in. Will I be going to hell once I die, though?”

“Well, of course, but you’ll have your own office.”

“And Butch?”

Lucifer smiled and reached down to scrub Butch’s belly. “He’ll have his place by your side for eternity, I’ll make sure of that.”

“Then let’s get to work.”We will start things off with my current most upvoted story to date.  This one came from this writing prompt, found here:  


 **\[WP\] 1,000 years after the battle of Helm's Deep, the orcs have tracked down the elves in the undying lands. Calling in a favour with their allies the men, the elves expect an army of 10,000. Instead they get 8 marines with MASERs, rail guns and anti-matter grenade launchers.** 

&#x200B;

Here was my response.  It's a two-parter.  Part one had over 1.1k upvotes as of 12/10/18  
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


 

{{{Going to ignore a few bits from the initial post because my muse went OOO MARINES! and went nuts, so yeah. So it’s going to have elves and orcs, and definitely Marines, but the rest, well… blame my muse. :) }}}

{{{Names taken randomly from  to try to retain some Lord of the Rings authenticity }}}

Glirdir was dying. There was no stopping that now. Taenel and Laugon had not returned from their mission, and Glirdir…

Tulus shook his head, his blond trusses barely peeking out of his cloaked form as he tried his best to comfort his dying friend. It wasn’t supposed to have been this way. The scouting parties were not supposed to have made any contact with the blasted orcs. They were to observe only, discover troop strengths and numbers, watch for warg-riders, and make note of any possible supply line formations.

They weren’t supposed to have made contact, dammit. And now Glirdir lay dying before him, surrounded by dead orcs. Tulus looked around, mentally counting. Fourteen, fifteen… a full two dozen orcs lay dead around the single elf scout.

So at least his death was hard-won. That was at least a small comfort to bring home to his family. Tulus looked down as Glirdir moved slightly in his arms. “Shh, my friend, don’t try to move.”

“T… tulus… “

“It’s ok. Just relax, it’ll be over soon.”

“I found… help.”

“Help?” Tulus blinked. “What are you talking about?”

“We… we can win, Tu… Tulus.” Gasping for breath, Glirdir grasped Tulus by the vest and stared into his eyes. “A… Amulet. Halls of Montezuma. Shores of … “ Exhausted, Glirdir fell back to the ground. “In… in my vest… incantation. Amulet.”

“I…” Tulus held his friend’s head up off the ground. “I don’t understand.”

With a last gasp, Glirdir managed to get out, “Amulet!” His eyes then looked at Tulus, then past him, and into infinity.

He was gone. Tulus sighed and let his head back to the ground gently. After a moment, a glint of metal around the other elf’s neck caught his eye. Curious, the elf carefully pulled on the metal and removed a chain from around the dead elf’s neck. Attached to the chain was a curious amulet made of a metal he did not recognize. The emblem on the amulet was of a planet with an anchor thrust through it. Atop the planet was a majestic bird with its wings spread proudly.

“This must be the amulet Glirdir was talking about.” Tulus studied it for a moment, then began to check in the dead elf’s vest. Sure enough, a folded piece of bloodied parchment was next to his left breast. Tulus opened up the parchment and read the incantation inscribed there with an arched eyebrow.

“From the halls of Montezuma, to the Shores of Tripoli,We fight our country’s battles in the air, on land and sea;First to fight for right and freedom and to keep our honor clean;We are proud to claim the title of United States Marine.”

Tulus shook his head. “That’s an odd…” There was an explosion of sound and light that threw him off of his feet. Dazed, he tried to blink away the sudden blindness as blurred forms suddenly appeared before him.

One of the forms approached him. Before he knew it, he felt a very large, muscular hand grip his and physically haul him up to his feet. A deep, gruff, humanoid voice said, “On your feet, soldier!” Two hands brushed the dirt and dust off of him.

“W… wha?” Tulus blinked as his vision finally cleared. Before him stood eight humans dressed in a way he’d never seen before. The humans were massive, nearly as visually physically strong as any orc he’d ever seen. They were dressed in a strange green, brown and black mixed up pattern of clothing, and carried weaponry of a type he couldn’t fathom. All of them were obviously battle-hardened warriors. “I… I don’t understand.”

“Simple, solder.” The man who’d spoken before jerked a finger at Tulus’s neck. “You’ve summoned the Marines. That means you’ve got a war to win. So point us where you want us to go, and we’ll show you what we can do.”

Tulus looked down at Glirdir’s corpse. This was just supposed to have been a scouting mission. He had no idea where the dead elf had found this artifact. But this was about to get very, very interesting. “Very well. Let’s go see what a Marine can do.”  


\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


Part two was posted a few hours later and has over 369 upvotes (additional parts never seem to have as many upvotes, lol)

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


  

Whatever Tulus had been expecting from the eight men, it had not been that they were nearly as silent as he was. For as large as the men were, he actively had to be listening in their direction to be able to even detect their movement as they moved behind him. The man in charge had introduced himself as Sergeant Jenkins, and though he had introduced the other men to him, the elf hadn’t paid attention to the other names.

It was still too odd to be working with men. How long had it been since he’d worked with men? Maybe Helm’s Deep? Gods, that was too long ago. Tulus couldn’t even remember how long ago that was if he was honest with himself. Deep in his thoughts, Tulus nearly jumped out of his cloak when he felt a hand on his shoulder.

He turned, meeting Sergeant Jenkin’s eyes. Sergeant Jenkin held a single finger up to his mouth, then pointed to a pair of trees nearby that they were about to walk between. Beside one of the trees, an arrow shaft was moving just slightly in a quiver; an orc was standing beside the tree, hidden on the other side of it.

Tulus had missed the signs of it, the human had not. Tulus crouched low, trying to estimate the best way to work around to the orc, but that quickly became moot point when Sergeant Jenkin raised a hand. Two fingers forward, and two Marines converged from both sides of the tree with large, wicked-looking knives drawn.

It was over in a flash. The Marines emerged from the other side of the tree, dragging a bloodied corpse behind them that they quickly stashed into a nearby bush. As they moved deeper and deeper into hostile territory, the same scenario played out again and again. Each time they encountered an orc, the Marines would dispatch them with a ferocious tenacity Tulus had only seen in the orcs themselves.

It would be honestly terrifying if he wasn’t fairly certain they were on his side. Mostly certain, anyway. Finally, the Marines and he were atop a ridgeline, looking down on a large regime of orcs in formation. Without being bid to do so, the Marines spread out, close enough to Sergeant Jenkins and Tulus that they could hear orders if necessary but far enough away to help avoid detection.

Tulus stared at the numbers below him. The information they had received prior to this was that the orcs were amassing a moderate strike force. Maybe a hundred strong. Looking at the waves of orcs below that numbered at least in the thousand, that number had been woefully inaccurate; this was an invasion force. “We have to get back and warn them. We have to evacuate.”

“Whatever for?” Sergeant Jenkins motioned at the orcs. “We just got here. Isn’t this who you’re here to stop?”

“Yes, but...” Tulus shook his head. “Nine versus over a thousand? That’s suicide.”

“It’s only suicide if you die, soldier.” Sergeant Jenkins cracked a grin. “Give the order to attack, and watch the fun.”

“You’re kidding.” Tulus stared open-mouthed at Sergeant Jenkins. “We should retreat, head back and give them the…”

“Let me stop you right there, elf.” Sergeant Jenkins crossed his arms and frowned. “Marines don’t retreat. Ever. Got that?”

“Er. Right.” Tulus sighed. “Fine. If you think this is something you can do, then by all means, attack.”

“You heard em, boys!” Sergeant Jenkin’s voice changed that moment. Before, it had been a normal, if rather gruff, humanoid tone. In that moment, it moved to a bellow, a call, a summons to the demon dogs of war that echoed through the ridgeline and sent chills down Tulus’ spine. “Light em up!”

The weapons that the Marines carried that Tulus did not understand the nature of suddenly became very apparent in their use. Two Marines manned a large cylindrical device that roared to life, spitting a small burst of fire out of the tip of it as it cackled with a “brrp brrp brrp!” noise that threatened to burst Tulus’ eardrums. The impacts from this weapon was devastating; orcs fell in packs, torn apart as rounds passed into their brethren and through them, shattering shields, weaponry and bones alike.

The Marine furthest from the group called out “Back blast area all clear!” and raised a large tube to his shoulder. To Tulus’ amazement, a white device came screaming out of the cylinder and screeched across the tops of the terrified orcs’ heads, slamming into the ceiling of the passageway where the orcs were just beginning to flee toward. A massive explosion rocked the valley, and the passageway collapsed in a heap of rubble, orcish bodies and blood.

As one, the remaining Marines began to open fire with their weapons as well. It was over almost before it begun. Before Tulus’ amazed eyes, in hardly any time at all, nearly every orc in the valley below was dead, dying, or was standing in a position of surrender, hoping against hope that whatever force was slaughtering them like cattle was willing to spare them out of mercy.

“That was… by the gods… what ARE you?” Tulus turned to look at Sergeant Jenkins, who was picking up some ejected pieces of metal from their weapons off the ground.

Sergeant Jenkins shrugged and smiled. “We’re Marines, elf. That’s what we do. And if you need us again, just call.” Once they’d picked up all the pieces of metal, they and the surrendering orcs vanished in another flash of light, leaving Tulus alone with the dead and dying orcs.This was a long one, but it grabbed me. :)

Original WP:  **\[WP\] You've been a health inspector for several years. At a regular yearly inspection, you notice a door left open you hadn't noticed before. When you walk in and flick the light on, you're met with the eyes of a creature that should only exist in fairytales...** 

Original link:     


My story:  


 

Weird. I ran my fingers down the frame of the slightly-ajar door with a smirk. I had to admit, whomever had crafted this doorway had done so with the intent of hiding it from inspectors like myself. It melded almost seamlessly into the wall and shelving unit if it were fully closed. You could be standing directly in front of it, and you’d never guess there was an honest to god door directly in front of you, leading to a hallway lit with only a small light hanging from the ceiling with the thinnest of wires.

Strike one, of course, is the hidden door. Strike two on the list is that light. That’s a hazard if I ever saw one. That light needs to be secured, not just hanging down on its own power source. Jotting a few notes as I went, I pulled open the door and started down the hallway. It didn’t take long to cover the short distance to the next door, and this one wasn’t hidden at all, just a plain-Jane steel door. A quick turn of the knob, and the room beyond was opened to me.

I walked into a storeroom full of jars, and grimaced. Jars? This didn’t make any sense. This company dealt with plastics. They didn’t have anything they needed to store in jars. What, were they outsourcing into pickles as a side job? I sighed and started to poke around.

The first couple of jars contained something considerably odd. They were filled with a thick solution that was hard to see exactly what was inside, but it appeared to be a small humanoid skeleton with wings. But that couldn’t be right, so I had to be seeing something wrong. I picked up another jar further into the room, and this time the solution wasn’t quite as thick.

This time, I could make it out clearly. It was definitely a humanoid skeleton, no bigger than about three or four inches tall. A perfect skeleton, suspended in liquid, with a pair of skeletal wings somehow fused to its back. I’m not exactly sure what city ordnance or code this was against, but I sure as hell was going to invent one if I couldn’t find one. Those skeletons had to be what, infant skeletons from the size I’d wager… and someone was either hot gluing fake wings to them or… or what, I didn’t want to think too hard about it.

It was sick. Just sick.

A bit of movement toward the back of the room caught my eye. I put the jar back on the shelf and moved to where I’d seen something move. It took me a few minutes to find it, because the jar was actually shoved behind a few other jars, but finally I caught another bit of movement and moved over to the shelf it had come from.

I moved a few more of the skeletal forms out of the way and blinked in astonishment. There was, as expected, yet another jar in front of me. But this jar wasn’t full of liquid. This jar was actually still, shall we say, fresh. Those skeletons weren’t of babies. There wasn’t some sicko jamming fake wings onto baby corpses and sticking them into jars of liquid. No, this was another kind of sicko. One I wasn’t sure exactly how to explain…

Because I was staring at a fairy that was staring back at me in sheer, unadulterated terror.

It was, for all I’d ever thought about fairies, which admittedly wasn’t much, basically exactly how I’d pictured a fairy. It was a tiny human being, about three to four inches tall, with brilliantly colored wings that came down to just above its ankles. Its wings were patterned in a monarch butterfly pattern and the fairy’s skin, though he was nude, was patterned similar to his wings, so it wasn’t nearly as jarring as if he’d been standing there stark naked.

I don’t know how long I stared at the poor thing. Sure, it felt like a thousand years, but it was probably no more than a minute before I realized I was standing there like a fish out of water with my mouth hanging open. I finally closed my mouth and swallowed, hard. “Um. Right. This isn’t real, right?”

The fairy didn’t answer me beyond to stare in terror.

“Yeah. Um.” I looked at the jar closer. There was liquid in this bottle, same as in the others, but this jar was only filled about a fourth of the way up. “Look. I’m not going to hurt you, alright?” I motioned at the other jars. “I’m guessing these were your, um… what, folks? Family? Friends?”

The fairy just stared.

“Yeah. You don’t speak my language.” I frowned. This was against all kinds of codes, but I wasn’t sure which one. Harboring an invasive species perhaps? No… Regardless of the code, I wasn’t about to let this thing stay here like this…

\*\*\*

“You about done?” The foreman looked down his nose at me as he looked over the paperwork. I’d never liked the guy in the first place, and now that I’d found that room, he looked even more like a weasel than before. “How many infractions did you nail us on this time?”

I shook my head, hoping the smallish lump in my pocket remained still. So far, so good. “Just a couple. You have a few fire extinguishers that are past their expiration dates, and someone’s disconnected the smoke alarm by the kitchen unit by the employee break room again.”

“Dammit!” The foreman turned to one of his men. “Find out who disconnected that and fire him! I’ve warned those sons of…”

“It’s alright.” I held up my hand. “I only notated on your copy this time, because I know you’ve been having issues with people disconnecting it. The only thing on the official copy are the fire extinguishers. Someone will be around in 30 days to double check the extinguishers. Get them updated, and you won’t have a single fine.”

“Oh.” The foreman looked over the paperwork again, sniffed, and nodded. “You’re a good man. Next inspection’s in a year or two, right?”

“Should be, yeah.” I tipped my hat at him, thankful that the lump in my pocket had decided to trust me once I’d opened the jar and carefully placed him inside my pocket. “Good day to you, sir. I know the way out.”

\*\*\*

I’d always liked this forest. It was about forty minutes away from the city, but it was well worth the drive. And since it was a nature preserve, that meant no hunting, no fishing except where licensed, the whole nine yards.

Perfect place for something that’s probably as endangered as they come to live, right? I smiled and tapped on my pocket. “Hey. You awake in there?”

My pocket rustled and the fairy’s head popped out. His eyes grew wide, and he looked up at me with what I think was gratitude. He carefully crawled out of my pocket and stretched his wings a few times. I hadn’t realized it until that moment, but his wings opened nearly twice the length of his body when he was able to stretch them to their full length. Finally, he took to the air, flying around my head with an amazing, tender grace a few times before darting off into the woods.

I smiled. He was gone. As I turned to leave, I caught a bit of movement toward the edge of the tree line. I turned and blinked. The tree line was alive in fairies, flittering and fluttering, showing their thanks to the human who had rescued one of their own.

After a few moments, they were gone again, and it was time for me to leave. But I’d never forget them. And I’d never return to my job; I was done inspecting places. No… I think it was time for me to broaden my horizons a bit.

Some time on the beaches in Hawaii, watching the sun rise, for the next thirty years sounded pretty good to me.Heh, this was fun. :D  Had to write a story where Johnny (from Devil went down to Georgia fame) had to explain where the fiddle came from.  Granted, the original WP had it as "violin", so I write it as that, but it's a fiddle. :p  Anyway... here's the story!

Original text: **\[WP\]Now that he has won, Johnny has to explain how a dude in rural Georgia obtained a violin made of gold.**   
Original link:   

&#x200B;

My story:  


 

“Ok, so you don’t mind being recorded.”

“Nope.”

“Good. For the record, state your full name, please.”

“Johnny.”

“… Your full name, please.”

“Oh, you mean the name my momma gave me?”

“… Yes, Johnny, that would be what we mean.”

“Oh. Then it’s Johnny.”

“Your full name, Johnny. That means your last name too.”

“Oh! Well why didn’t you say so? Johnny Thorton. Esquire. The third.”

“… Do you know what Esquire even means?”

“Nope! I added it after I got my violin. Made it sound more official-like.”

“Right.”

“And the ladies like it.”

“… Right. So.”

“And I like the ladies.”

“Understood, Johnny. So. Questions.”

“Oh! Right! Ahem! Mah name is Johnny Thorton the Third, Esquire, Incorporated.”

“… Let’s just stick with Johnny for now, ok? So, you know why we’re asking these questions, right?”

“Yeah! You’re here to tell me why you like mah new violin so much. Not that I blame you. This thing’s downright Sa-weeeeeetttt…”

“What?”

“I said, it’s downright Sa-weeeetttt…”

“Johnny, that violin is solid fricking gold.”

“Yeah. Ain’t it neat.”

“Where did you get the money to buy a solid gold violin?”

“I didn’t buy it. I won it.”

“You won it.”

“Yep. From the devil.”

“Oh for… Come on, Johnny. Let’s get real here. Where’d you steal it?”

“Steal? Hey man, I ain’t no thief! I swear on my dead momma’s grave I ain’t stole nothin’ in my life! Well, maybe a couple kisses…”

“Johnny, your mom’s alive. She’s in the waiting room. She drove you here.”

“Still!”

“So ok. Fine. Let’s say for a moment that you did win this solid gold violin. Hey Frank, how much did you say this thing was worth again?”

\*A muffled voice from off mike says something unintelligible\*

“Yeah. Nearly a hundred and seventy thousand dollars or so, give or take the price of gold. Some schmuck bet you, a gap-toothed yokel, this thing for a lark? And you expect me to believe this?”

“Not some schmuck. I told y’all, it was Satan, the big guy, ol’ Mr. Horn Head himself, the Devil.”

“No it wasn’t.”

“It was!”

“Look. You can stop this now, ok? We don’t believe you.”

“Y’all are stupid. Just ask him yourself.”

“Hah! What, just get on the phone, call the operator and say, hey can you connect me to Hell? I need to talk to the Lord of Darkness?”

“Nah. He gave me his number in case I wanted a rematch. Here. Call ‘im, he’ll come and talk to ya.”

“… Fine. I’ll humor you. Hey Frank, call this number and tell whoever answers to get their ass to the station ASAP.”

\*a muffled voice off mike says something in the affirmative\*

\*a moment later there is a massive thunderclap and loud static\*

“WHO CALLS THE LORD OF DARKNESS Oh it’s you. You want a rematch already? My minions haven’t finished forging the next instrument yet. You’re going to have to wait a bit longer than that.”

“Nah, I’m good. But these guys want a word.”

“OH. YOU DARE?”

“Holy hell.”This was a complete failed attempt at this week's theme, Lost - not a fail for the theme, but because I didn't pay attention to the word count.  It's SUPPOSED to be 100-500 words.  


... yeah.  The initial writing of this was nearly 1200 words.  Whoops!  I trimmed it as best as I could, but I couldn't get it below 785.  Ah well... I'll drop it here regardless. :)  


  

\*\*\*

  

I knew I shouldn’t have stepped through that light. I was told not to. I was warned the theories weren’t sound, that interdimensional travel wasn’t ready yet, that mankind wasn’t anywhere close to prepared.

I didn’t care. I wanted to see. I wanted to be the first man to step into another dimension, to do like my hero on the television growing up and “Boldly go where no man had gone before!” Who today ever gets that chance anymore?

If you’re not an astronaut or deep-sea scientist, there’s no corner of the Earth that hasn’t already been basically explored. So where else to go, but another dimension entirely? The work was long, often mentally brutal on the calculations, but we prevailed. For every ten thousand failures, we’d find one single success to bulwark our enthusiasm, and build upon that success. 

A single grain of sand, after all, remains the foundation of every brick. 

Years went by, but we finally had a measurable success. A legitimate window to another dimension, large enough for us to step through if we so desired. The silver and platinum archway beckoned with an almost angelic sheen in the daylight as we turned it on the first time.

The effect was almost anticlimactic. One would expect a shimmering, a fantastic hum of obscene power, a thunder of forces beyond the ken ripping asunder… instead, the view inside the arch simply… well, changed. Instead of the simple plain room the archway resided in, the view inside the arch suddenly switched to that of an expansive desert.

As we gaped in awe, a creature scuttled by, completely unaware of our watching presences. It appeared to be a lizard that was the size of a small horse though the fact it had at least two dozen pairs of legs made it apparent it did not originate on Earth. 

We had done it. Immediately, data began to stream back to those in charge, and recordings were logged, and lots of scientific measurements were shouted over each other in earnest.

I cared nothing about any of them.

I wondered instead what it would feel like to step through the archway, to put my feet in that sand untouched by human kind, and breathe air never once sullied by humanity. I must have stared into the archway for hours as the other worked around me, their excitement causing them to somehow miss my own excitement, albeit for other reasons.

I formulated my plans at that point. I knew I had to. I would have no other chance. It had to be done, and it had to be done when everyone else least expected it. So within twenty-four hours of the opening of the archway portal, I was standing before the archway at three in the morning, ignoring the warning sounds of the alarms around me and the shouts of the guards as they approached. They could not get to me in time, of course. 

A few dials turned, a few buttons pushed, and the archway flickered to life. It might be early here, but it was obviously well in the day in the other dimension; the light streaming through the archway was enough to make me cover my eyes and grin with excitement. Without hesitation, I stepped through.

The sensation of crossing dimensions was not something I’d expected. Every cell in my body felt it was ripping apart like paper. I screamed, though I could not grasp air until I collapsed into the warm sand at my feet. It took me a moment to realize I’d passed through safely, and that the air I was breathing was breathable air. It was intensely hot, nearly scalding to my lungs, but breathable. I hadn’t considered what might have happened if the dimension I passed through didn’t contain air in it until that moment, and realized how much of a fool I really was.

Blinking, I carefully pulled myself to my feet and looked around. But I had no time to take in the surroundings, because as I watched, the sensation happened again. As I screamed, my environment changed.

When I could see again, I was in the dark. As I tried to figure out what had happened, the ripping returned. I screamed, and I changed again. I was in the ocean. I screamed, I was in a building surrounded by creatures that stared at me with six eyes. 

The ripping returned, and I dropped to my knees in agony. When I opened my eyes again, I was in a field, with grasses I did not recognize, no way to go home… 

I’d crossed dimensions, as I’d wanted. They’d been right, but I’d gotten exactly what I’d wanted… and deserved.This is sort of a work in progress.  Needs to be 1500-3000 words, this is too short.  But still, here's the basic idea. :)  


&#x200B;

I’m warm. It’s always warm when I remember waking up for the first time. Every time, it’s this way. I’m warm, there’s that lovely feeling of just being… me… and I’m surrounded by love, and warmth, and just an overall sense of purpose. 

I know where I am, of course. It’s always the same place as it’s been each and every time. The first few times, as I feel my legs begin to form and my body start to grow, I recount my memories over and over, trying to grasp who I was in my prior life.

Some lives are harder to keep track of than others. After all these years, I’ve lost count, if I’m completely honest with myself. I know the earliest ones are long gone, lost to countless rebirths as I continued my cycle along the timeline. By this point in time, I don’t really remember why I’m doing this or how, only that it’s vitally important that I continue doing so, until I’ve met her.

Holly. I do remember the name vividly. In utero, I stare vacantly into the depths of my mother whom I’ve not yet met, trying my best to force my still-forming brain into full submission. I need to concentrate on getting all my synapsis working, or I’ll lose more of who I was before.

I remember being a soldier. I seem to always drift that way, I suppose… Something tells me there’s a reason for that, something about some of my training from way back during my initial debriefing. That it’s important that each and every time I return to the gene pool, I have to be ready to defend it… and defend her, if and when I finally find this mysterious Holly. 

I can vividly recall all of my training, and even now my body still remembers some of the moves. I might not have the proper muscles formed yet, but as I made a fist in the amniotic fluid surrounding me, I could feel the tension in what muscles I did have. Yes, I might have forgotten some things, but muscle memory had at least transferred this time around. I had an edge this time. That didn’t always happen.

Ah. Nourishment began to flow down the umbilical cord, and I relaxed. I still had plenty of time before I had to worry too much about life. I still had to grow, to become fully human… Time was still on my side right now.

It never ends, but it always begins again. I was on my sixty-third birth by this point in time, and showed no signs of stopping. One of these days, I’d find Holly, and perhaps then I’d stop. Until then, I’d carry on.

Perhaps this time, I’ll find Holly. Perhaps…This was done for an image on Imgur that I liked.  :)  Just struck my fancy, and someone there wondered idly what a story would look like for it, so... here ya go.  


Original image:   

&#x200B;

My story:

&#x200B;

\* \* \*  


  

We all remember the war between the gods. Humanity was nearly destroyed during the centuries when the gods and demons fought their bloody wars; leveling mountains and continents, filling oceans with their blood, and changing the paths of rivers and streams with their footprints and corpses. Even now, hundreds of years later, the landscape is pockmarked with debris from their war, and humanity continues to pay the price for their savagery. But humanity has always been good at adapting, and surviving. And now that the war has been over for so very long? Thriving.

Towns have sprung up in craters left by spells cast by unholy tongues. Fishing is done from atop a forty-foot long spear whose blade is still sharp enough to scale any fish you catch. Hunting is easier now that some of the thickest forests have been wiped off the face of the planet, and deer and other prey populations have exploded, making meat readily available.

Some have cautioned that we must be careful, especially among the elders. After all, it was war among the gods and the demons that originally nearly raised our lands to the bare embers; if it happened once, it could happen again. But that was so long ago, the younger of our generation give little thought to it. Even those who live in the shadow of Ma’la’ka’na give no thought to the war, and go about their lives without concern.

But not me. For I gaze up on Ma’la’ka’na every morning as I wake up, and stare at the three hundred-foot creature with wonder. The creature is a thing of horrific beauty. Impaled upon a holy sword, the blue-skinned demon is clad in the armor of the demon warriors of old. His face is cast to the heavens, though whether in forgiveness or hatred I cannot say; I have never been able to get high enough to tell, as only birds reach those heights. Upon his impalement on the sword, he had collapsed to his knees, but other than that, his body still remained remarkably well preserved. 

The local theory was that he had been turned to stone.  Everyone here went about their daily lives, building their homes around his knees and legs, starting their families and working their lands as this demon knelt in silent repose above them, a vigil forced upon him seemingly for eternity.

And everyone was fine with this.

But not me. Oh no. Not me. Because I’ve been measuring the creature’s chestplate from my home in the mountains. I’ve been running comparison images, using the morning sun to get a comparison of the creature over the last fifteen years.

I’m convinced his chestplate is moving. The creature is still breathing.This was a fun, relaxing bit of writing.  :) Though interestingly enough, the link said Thursday, so that's what I wrote about - I didn't realize until literally JUST NOW that the actual post said SUNDAY... oops. :D  


Original IP:  **\[IP\] There nothing quite like a Warm Bed and a Charged Phone on a Rainy Sunday Morning...**   
Original link:     
Original image:   


My story:  


 Flip. Tap. A pause. Flip. Tap. A pause.

Bling. Tap. A chuckle. A quick movement of fingers, another tap, and the message was away. She waited for a moment, still as a stone, to see if a response was forthcoming. Outside, the rain continued to fall, a soaking rain that’s was dearly needed on that dreary Thursday afternoon in late September. The weatherman that morning had mentioned that it wouldn’t let up until Sunday, bringing relief to their drought-stricken lawn.

Angie was looking forward to some grass growing again. It’d be nice to have something to run in other than dust and dirt for once.

Bling. The message had been answered. A quick tap on the screen, and Angie’s eyes raced over the message hungrily. She was home for the day, curled up in the bed that was four sizes too big for her but was oh so comfy, with the television on in the corner of the room for background noise while she annoyed her friends at school with a constant barrage of questions through her phone about the goings-on at school. It wouldn’t do to be kept out of the loop, after all.

With another flurry of fingers and another tap on the screen, the next message was away and Angie’s eyes moved to the end of the bed. Movement had caught her attention, and a set of ears made their way up from her feet. The ears were attached to the curious, purring co-inhabitant of the room, an affectionate roommate Angie had taken to calling Mr. Whiskers. The year old cat sauntered close enough to Angie to accept a head scrub before he moved over to his place by the window, ready for another day of bird watching.

Bling. The cat forgotten, Angie poured over the next message with glee. She coughed once, interrupting her reading, before she gleefully answered the next message and sent it off with a tap. As the rain continued to fall, so too did Angie’s day… on that rainy Thursday afternoon, in the bed that was four sizes too big for her but was oh so comfy, and in the company of the perfect companion, Mr. Whiskers.Never, ever explore solo... and when delving into ancient egyptian ruins, always heed curse warnings. :)  


Original Prompt:  **\[IP\] The Lost Tomb**   
Original Image:     


My story:  


  

Martin stood in the dim light of the hallway for a moment, taking in the scene before him. All the decades of research, the crumbling of his marriage, the loss of his accreditation from the university, his reputation… it had all been worth it for this single moment.

Before him, the ruined chamber lay waiting, the air still as a tomb; and rightly so, if his research had been correct and the Queen of Osirus was in eternal repose in the stone casket on the far end of the chamber. Everything in the room practically screamed royalty; between the expansive hieroglyphics that still retained most of their coloration, the drooping pendants that had somehow survived the test of time, the row upon row of colorful urns, and the jewelry that was literally draped across EVERYTHING, this was obviously no peasant’s tomb.

In the back of his mind, that nagging little voice was trying to make itself known. He’d read the warnings. He’d heard the legends from the locals. Everything and everyone had warned him to avoid the tomb, to let the Queen sleep, and of the curse. But that was all superstition, useless fodder for those unwilling to let history step into the limelight.

Martin took a step into the chamber, his breath quickening as he gazed upon the gigantic twin stone guardians that stood before the casket. They were still in nearly pristine condition, and he wondered idly what their composition was to have stood this long without degradation. Surely they weren’t sandstone… granite, perhaps, or something else? All the secrets of this chamber would soon reveal themselves to him, he knew.

But first. The jackpot. It was time to see the Queen of Osirus. Martin carefully made his way through the chamber; the rest of the tomb had had its fair share of deadly traps, and it only stood to reason this chamber would have them as well. Caution aside, soon enough Martin stood breathlessly in front of the opulent stone casket. It was riddled with gems and inlaid with gold, and it alone could probably have paid for a new wing at the university. But Martin wasn’t interested in the tomb itself.

After all, if the body inside was in even a tenth of the condition of the rest of the chamber, this would be the find of the century. Martin moved to the head of the casket and started to shove. Initially, the stonework refused to budge… but eventually, after much exertion, the casket lid groaned and started to move until he was able to wedge it at an angle over the casket. Wouldn’t do to let something that valuable just slam into the ground, after all.

Trying to catch his breath, Martin looked into the casket with wonder. As he’d expected, the body before him was untouched by time. Wrapped in gauze and set in repose, the mummy looked like it had just been placed there this morning, not thousands of years in the past.  With trembling hands, Martin reached down and touched the mummy’s folded hands.

To his amazement, the mummy still felt warm. It was almost like…

Time slowed to a crawl when he realized that the mummy had opened its eyes at his touch and was staring at him impassively. Her hands curled around his, and he opened his mouth to scream…Oh wow.  This one turned out just a few hundred words shy of 3,000 words. 0\_0

&#x200B;

Original Post:  **\[WP\]: The most sought woman in the town has announced that she will marry whoever can open her door with the key around her cats neck. Many have tried to catch, trap and hunt down the cat, who always escapes. You are the first to figure out they've all been doing this all wrong.**   


Original link:     


My story:  


  

The goal was simple. Or it should have been. Lizelle, the most eligible and beautiful woman in the city of Bazal, if not the continent, had set about a simple task. 

For she had grown tired of the wave after wave of suitors coming to her door nearly daily, without fail. None of them interested her, for they were the ones searching for status. Marrying the daughter of the trade baron Lycrudus would make any lucky person immediately wealthy beyond their wildest dreams. The power of bending the ear of the one man who’d conquered every trade route in the known world? Worth even more than the wealth. So for a year now, every day, the line would form in the early morn, and one by one, each suitor was turned away.

Until the day of the task. Two men exited the palatial estate of the Marconi family and stood staring impassively at the now-confused line of suitors. After a time, a third man exited the building carrying a parchment in one hand and a small animal carrier in the other.

In a loud voice, the man announced the details of the task. Lizelle Marconi would no longer be seeing any suitors at her estate, or any location. Instead, a simple game had been devised. Whatever suitor brought back the cat in the carrier and the key around its neck, would marry Lizelle unconditionally. With a flourish, the man knelt down and unlocked the carrier, revealing a non-descript alley cat with five colorations splashed across her body as if by random. Around her neck, a small key was affixed to a slim silver chain. 

The suitors watched greedily as the man picked the cat up and held it aloft for all to see. “This is your task,” he continued, “bring the cat with the key to this estate. No harm must befoul the cat.” This was met with groans of disappointment from suitors who’d been sure their aim would have had them first in line for the key. The man continued, “First to do so will marry Lizelle. The task will begin in one hour.” 

With that, the man set the cat down on the ground and clapped his hands to startle it. The cat took one look at the man and darted off, away from the estate and into the depths of town. As mankind is impatient, it was only a mere few minutes before people toward the back of the line began to sneak away, hoping to get a head start on tracking down the cat.

Their transgressions were noticed immediately, however, and soon all the suitors were on the move, chasing down their hopes and aspirations with greedy looks. But the cat was nowhere to be found; it had vanished into the stray population of the surrounding town and blended in far too well.

So the task continued, day after day, as suitors from all over came and searched for the cat. Cats of the wrong body coloration began to become hunted, until the estate announced that anyone harming a stray cat in the search for the real one would be disqualified. 

A year passed. Many had given up hope and returned to their homes in discouragement. The impossible task was, put simply, impossible to do without eliminating some of the wrong cats. But the estate remained firm. Harming any cat would disqualify the suitor immediately, and the cat must be brought in alive.

So they looked, and they looked. But none realized they were looking in the wrong place entirely.

\* \* \*

“What’cha looking at, kiddo?” Mark looked up from the food he’d scattered and wiped his brow. It’d been a long, hot day already on his farm on the far outskirts of Bazal, and he was starting to wear down. But there were still many chores to do before the sun set, and since Angie had died three years ago, there was no one to assist him in the fields anymore. No one, that is, but their five year old daughter, Maggie. 

Maggie was staring up a tree, her youthful curiosity focused entirely up into its branches. “I see something!” She hopped from one foot to the other as she continued looking up the tree, trying to spot whatever it was she was looking at. “It’s something moving, it might be a bird!”

Mark smiled sadly. Maggie was the spitting image of his deceased wife, right down to the blond hair that never seemed to fall in place just right. Her little blue eyes tore through him just like Angie’s had done, straight to his soul. “Well, whatever it is, Maggie, it doesn’t want to play with you, so just leave it alone, ok?” 

“But daddy, look!” The girl’s eyes grew wide as she pointed frantically up the tree. “It’s a kitty! And it’s way up there, daddy, I think it’s stuck!”

“A kitty?” Mark put down the rest of the feed bag and wiped his hands on his pants before he made his way over to her. He peered up into the tree, but did not see anything. “Well, if it’s a kitty, it’s probably one of the barn cats, and they can get down from a tree just fine, I’ve seen them.”

“There it is!” Excited, Maggie pointed to one of the far branches. “See! It’s too high up! Oh! And it’s stuck!”

Mark followed her finger, and sure enough, there was a cat in the uppermost branches of the tree. And it did indeed appear to be stuck, as something around its neck was snagged on another branch. He sighed. “Well, we can’t just leave it there, can we?”

“No daddy.” Maggie turned and hugged her father. “Can I go get it?”

“Mmm, no.” Mark thought for a moment. “Tree’s too high for you. I’ll go get the poor thing, just stand back while I do it in case something happens, ok?”

“Ok!” Maggie darted over to another tree nearby and watched with excitement as Mark slowly began to make his way up the tree.

Mark grimaced. This cat was indeed way up there, and it was stuck good.  The cat had the same coloration as most of his barn cats, so most likely it was one of his, but he didn’t remember ever putting anything around any of their necks. Most of them barely let him scratch them if he happened to get close enough. But still… 

Finally, Mark was able to reach the cat, though he was balanced precariously on a few small limbs to do it. The cat made not a sound as he approached, though it watched him warily. He examined the cord around its neck; it was caked in mud and debris, so he couldn’t make out what it was, but from the feel of it… it wasn’t something he was going to be able to cut or rip apart.

He turned his attention to the cat. “Hold still, little one. I’ll get you out in a jiff, but if you move too much, you might fall. So just don’t wiggle, ok?” Mark didn’t wait for an answer - it was just a cat, after all – and he reached down to pick up the cat.

The cat was limp in his arms, understanding that the man was there to help. Slowly, Mark inched the cat forward until the cord around its neck was able to be successfully freed from the branch. He pulled the cat in close to him and smiled. “See? Nothing to fear. Now, let’s get you down on the ground, there’s a little girl that’d love to meet you.”

The cat began to purr. As Mark made his way back down the tree, a part of his mind was noticing a few things. For one, the cat was obviously someone’s pet; it was way too used to being touched, pet and held to be one of his barn cats. For two, there was something disconcerting about the way it looked at him. Like it knew he’d been the one to rescue it. 

Which was silly, he chided himself. It was just a cat. Hit the ground, and it’ll run off. But once on the ground the cat insisted on staying in Mark’s arms, even as Maggie came over to give it attention. It accepted the little girl’s excited pats and pets without complaint, and Mark finally relaxed and smiled. “Guess this little fellah’s not one of my barn cats, huh.”

“No, she’s a nice little kitty!” Maggie scritched the cat under the chin, and the cat leaned into it with relish. “Can we keep her?”

“How do you know it’s a her?”

“She’s pretty. Boys are ugly, and she’s pretty, so she has to be a girl.”

“Well, that’s sound logic for you at least.” Mark chuckled, his attention returning to the cord around the poor thing’s neck. “I don’t see why we can’t keep her, she can’t eat more than you at least. But let’s get this dirty thing off her first before it chokes her.”

As he started to manipulate the cord, however, Mark came to realize it wasn’t a cord of rope or twine… but metal. “What the… is this silver?”

“Ooo! Pretty!” Maggie watched with wide eyes as her father continued to knock dirt and debris off the chain, revealing an intricate necklace around the cat. “And she’s got a key!”

“A key?” Mark held the cat up before him so he could see clearly, and he blinked with surprise. “Well. So she does.” 

“What’s the key for, Daddy?”

Mark thought for a long moment, his eyes looking toward town. “It means that I know whose cat this is, and we have to take it home.”

\* \* \*

There was no line of suitors anymore. Everyone was out hunting for the cat with the silver chain, so Mark and his daughter were able to make their way to the Marconi estate with little effort. He dismounted from his horse first before he helped Maggie down. After making sure the horse was secure and comfortable, he and Maggie made their way to the front door.

The guards had watched them come in with practiced nonchalance. One of them spoke first. “What business do you have, good sir?”

“Ah. Well, I believe we found your cat.”

“Did you now.” There was doubt in the man’s voice, but any doubt was removed once Mark helped the cat get out of his coat, where it’d ridden calmly for the duration of the ride. “Well then, congratulations, my good man. Come inside.”

“No, not congratulations, I’m just trying to return…”

“Come inside.” One of the guards held his hand out to Maggie. “Will you be accompanying your father, little lady?”

“Yep!” Giggling, Maggie took the guard’s hand and skipped beside him as the pair escorted Mark and daughter into a large room.

The room was a massive study, easily as large as Mark’s entire home. The walls were brimming with artwork, and many bookshelves and book cases were crammed into every available space, and they overflowed with books. Many large, comfortable chairs were scattered about the room, and it was to these chairs that the guards brought Mark and Maggie. 

One of them bowed low. “Please, have a seat. The lord of the manor will be along soon.”

“But I just…” The words fell on deaf ears as the guard walked out. His companion moved to the door, his back to Mark and Maggie.

Mark sighed. “I just wanted to bring their cat back, I don’t want this!”

“Want what, Daddy?” Maggie had climbed onto one of the chairs and was sitting on it backwards, her hair draped across the ground. 

“Didn’t they teach you about the Wedding Task in school?” Mark grimaced as there was movement in his coat. “Come on out of there, you’re home little kitty.”

The cat allowed herself to be removed from the coat, but despite Mark’s best efforts, he was unable to put her down. Finally he gave up and sat down in a chair, and the cat immediately moved to occupy his lap. Without anything else to do, Mark began to pet the cat absently.

“The Wedding Task?” Maggie’s eyes got big. “Ooo! Is that the kitty?”

“I think it is, yeah.”

“Are you gonna marry the lady from the story?” She clapped her hands in excitement. “Am I going to get a mom?”

“Maggie.” Mark shook his head. Maggie had never known her mother. “It doesn’t work that way in real life. I know you really want a mom, but…”

“So, this is the man that’s going to be my son in law, is it?” A booming voice from behind him interrupted him, and Mark stood up in a hurry as a large, muscular man with greying hair and a wide scar on his face entered the room. The man’s presence was larger than he was, filling the room immediately. Lycrudus Marconi was a force of nature, and no room could truly hold who he was. 

The cat hopped off of Mark’s lap as he stood and made its way over to the large man, meowing happily with familiarity. The man reached down and scooped it up into his arms as he approached, and the purrs from the cat were audible to all. 

“Ah, no, sir.” Mark found it hard to talk in the man’s presense. He was just a farmer. This man was above even the kings of the seventeen kingdoms! “I’ve just come to return the cat, that’s all.”

“Return?” Lycrudus raised an eyebrow. “But surely you know the meaning behind the feline, do you not?”

“Ah, yes. Yes, I do… but I cannot accept, good sir.” Mark shifted uncomfortably. “That… that is not something we need. My daughter and I are simple folk. All we ask if that the cat be returned to its owner, which you obviously are. So we can take our leave.”

“Leave? Hardly.” Lycrudus chuckled as he placed the cat back down on the ground. The cat sat on its haunches and stared at Mark with large, opal eyes. “Do you not know of the task?”

“I… I do, m’lord, but…”

“But nothing. You’ve done the task. You’ve brought my daughter home to me, safe and sound, and with the key around her neck, exactly as the task was stated. Therefore, you’ve won.”

“But I just wanted…” Mark blinked. “What?”

“Here.” Lycrudus knelt down and pulled a tiny lock out of his pocket. As he went to unlock it with the key around the cat’s neck, he intoned, “As once was, shall be again.”

There was a flash of light, and a tall, beautiful woman with dark brown hair and the bluest eyes Mark had ever seen stood before them. Her clothing was regal, even stained as they were from a year spent running the streets. 

“I…”

Lizelle smiled gently as she crossed the room to Mark and Maggie. Her delicate fingers caught Mark under the jaw, and she looked him dead in the eyes. “You are exactly what my father has wanted for me, my love. You and your daughter both are kind, honest, hardworking and loyal people. When you came up that tree to rescue me, without thought of the fact I was just a cat, I knew even then… and knowing you wanted to simply bring me home and accept no reward?” She waggled a finger in mock shame. “Nope, that’s not happening.”

“I… heh. Alright, fine.” Mark knew better than to argue. Even if he could by this point; he could feel emotions stirring in him he hadn’t felt in years. “I accept.”

“I’m afraid you’ve won the whole pot, kit and caboodle, my boy.” Lycrudus knelt down on one knee so he was face to face with Maggie. “And how about you, little one? Would you like a new mother AND a grandfather, all in one go?”

Maggie glanced at her father before she shyly walked over to Lizelle and wrapped her legs up in a hug. In a muffled voice, she said, “Only if he’s not quite so loud all the time!”

Laughing, the Marconi family settled in to start working out the affairs of not one, but two winners of the Task…This one was rather fun.  I saw the picture and immediately wondered who was looking out at whom... and there came the story.    


Original Prompt: \[IP\] Hidden  


Original link:  

&#x200B;

Original image (in case it vanishes): 

&#x200B;

My story: 

&#x200B;

  

I couldn’t take it anymore. Debra had left me, she’d taken the dog, and to top everything off, my boss wanted me to see him in his office tomorrow “to discuss my future with the company.” So if this karma bus was continuing down the same path, by this point tomorrow I’d be without a job. 

Debra had cleaned out the bank account when she’d left, so I didn’t have any funds for the rent, for food (thankfully I’d just gone grocery shopping before she headed East, so I was at least still good for a couple of weeks) or anything. And when I got paid next week, the race would be on… if I didn’t siphon it out of the account before she did, I’d be completely flat broke.

Yeah, life was going frickin GREAT. I just couldn’t take it anymore. Sitting in my empty apartment with only a single chair and not even a television to watch, I figured a walk couldn’t hurt. Maybe if I got lucky, a bear or something would happen along and tear me apart, and finish the job karma started. But either way, it sure beat sitting there wondering what I did wrong. 

So, off I went. The path into the woods wasn’t marked, but I knew it well… whenever we’d fight, I’d walk out before things got violent and head into the woods to cool down. And yeah, we fought a lot… what couple doesn’t? But apparently the last one had been the straw… blah. My feet carried me deeper and deeper into the woods, past my normal walking distance, but I didn’t care. My thoughts were too jumbled and occupied to either notice or care that I was now in unfamiliar territory.

Finally, something in my subconscious slapped me upside the head, and I realized I had no idea where I was. I looked around, trying to spot familiar landmarks… but I was in a thick grove of trees, branches and leaves everywhere and not a thing within sight I’d seen before on my normal treks. I grimaced… I didn’t REALLY want to die in the wilderness, no matter how bad my life was…

A slight giggle caught my attention, just at the edge of hearing. I froze, but the sound wasn’t repeated. “Hello?” I cursed silently as my voice cracked. Yeah, I was nervous, but no point in whomever was out there knowing that. “Who’s there?”

There was no answer to my question. I frowned. I know I’d heard something… There was a clearing in the forest ahead, maybe there were some campers out or something, and I’d heard them talking. Without any answers, I turned my path toward the clearing.

I heard the giggle again, this time from somewhere above me. I peered into the trees around me, but once again there was nothing. I frowned. Something about this felt odd, but I didn’t feel threatened or afraid. I felt an odd sort of… calm peace? I shook my head and entered the clearing, expecting to see a couple of teenaged campers or some boy scouts, anything really.

Instead, I was greeted with nothing more than a thin carpet of grass with at least a decades-worth of fallen leaves scattered around by the wind. I sighed. So that wasn’t…

This time, I heard the giggle loud and clear. It was high pitched, so high it was almost out of my range of hearing entirely. But it was also loud enough that I knew, whatever it was… it was downright close. I looked around again, certain someone was hiding behind a bush or tree… maybe hidden cameras and a recorded sound?

That had to be it. I smiled. “Ok, you got me. So where do you have the cameras? I’m being recorded, aren’t I?” I checked a few of the trees nearest to me, but no sign of cameras on them. “So on the other end of the clearing, then? Ok…” I started walking toward the other side, when my foot brushed against one of the leaves on the ground.

The giggling came again, and this time it came from just by my foot. I froze, not wanting to break someone’s sound equipment by my large clodhoppers. They’d probably charge me for it, and lord knows I couldn’t afford that… I knelt down and said, “So, under this leaf, is it…” I moved the leaf, expecting to see a thin wire, maybe a small speaker, or something similar.

I did not expect to see a person, no bigger than an inch tall, staring up at me with a wide grin on her face. She was clad in a thin dress that appeared to be made of grass frond and leaf trimmings, and had golden blonde hair that came down to her tiny waist. But the most remarkable thing about her were a set of thin, gossamer wings that poked delicately from her back and were even now starting to move in her excitement at getting caught.

I stared at her for what felt like hours, but I knew it couldn’t have been more than a moment or two. Then, giggling happily, the small creature took flight, and said a single word in a language I had never heard.

The clearing around me exploded with movement as thousands of the tiny creatures erupted from their own hiding places and swarmed me, flying in circles around me and laughing merrily. A few brave ones landed on my head as I froze, not understanding what was going on or what I was supposed to do. Then, my eyes focused back on one that was flying near me. 

It was the tiny creature I’d found by my foot, and she was about three inches from my face. She smiled shyly at me and approached. Before I could react, she leaned forward and planted a tiny kiss on the tip of my nose. Then, in a flurry of wings and laughing voices, all the creatures took off back into the woods, vanishing from sight as though they’d never been.

It took me a good five minutes before my brain finally convinced my body to start moving again.  My hand reached up to my face but I hesitated before putting my hand over where the creature had kissed me. The spot was tingling, ever so slightly, but it wasn’t a bad feeling. After a moment, I put my hand back down and smiled. 

“Well. That was… huh.” I smiled again, a warm feeling infusing my body. I somehow knew they wouldn’t have hurt me, and I also somehow knew the exact way to return home through the forest. So, without further ado, I waved an awkward goodbye in the general direction that they creatures had vanished and turned my steps toward home.

Behind me, I heard one last giggle as I left, and I chuckled. Sure, I might be coming up on a divorce. I might lose my job. But you know what… 

Life wasn’t really all that bad at all.Heh, that was fun. :D    


Original Prompt:  **\[WP\] When you arrived in the future, the locals put you in a "historical village" in an attempt to reduce culture shock. Unfortunately, their ideas about your past life are hilariously inaccurate.**   


Original Link:     


My story: 

&#x200B;

  

I sighed heavily, for what was probably the umpteenth time just today. If I could find a way back, by all that was holy, I’d throttle Jacob. This was ALL his fault. I ignored the clock screaming next to me as I begrudgingly got out of bed and started the day, my thoughts still ablaze with hatred for Jacob as I wandered into the hallway toward the bathroom.

I glanced out the window of my new home… yup. Sure enough. The walls were still there. Just on the other side of the edge of town, massive walls stretched up into the darkness and beyond, so I was still in this prison. No, I corrected myself, not prison… zoo. A zoo, with only one human to show for it so far. 

The clock still screamed at me, so I picked up a wad of clothing that lay discarded on the floor nearby and tossed it at the clock, dislodging it from the table. It fell to the floor and fell quiet. I nodded and shook my head. “That’ll shut you up.”

Journey to the future, he’d said. They’ll have solutions to all man’s problems, he said. But no one had counted on man not even existing in the future I’d arrived in, had they? No, of course not. Humanity was eternal! Bah. 

I walked through the hallway, aware that whatever those creatures were that had put me in here were likely watching… and I didn’t care. With no other human left alive, what use was there of modesty? I dropped clothing right where it was and stepped into the bathroom to take my morning shower.

The water was, of course, freezing. I snarled and quickly finished, snatching a towel from where it had been draped from the day prior. In another day or two, machined I’d dubbed “keepers” would come through and clean up any mess I’d made of the place, making it all nice and sparkling clean, anesthetically pure.

I hated it. Every stinking moment of it. I glanced up as a loud siren sounded, indicating that I was supposed to have reported in to “work” by now. But why go? There was no one there to report to, no one to work for, and no one to pay me my wages. Though there were fun aspects to it, I’ll give it that…

I made my way to the kitchen and opened the fridge. Sure enough, as I’d expected, all the food I’d discarded yesterday had been returned, fresh and new. I shook my head and pulled out a ginormous rack of meaty ribs that I could barely carry. It took me a few extra steps due to the weight, but I was able to set it down on the table without falling… this time. 

I was only able to eat a small portion of the thing before I was full. Though the meat was delicious, I had no idea what animal it might have come from, nor was I even sure it technically was really meat in the first place. In this zoo, who the heck knew? Regardless, with the sounding of another siren, I knew I should start making my way toward “work,” if for no other reason than to keep the zookeepers entertained.

I walked outside and chuckled. The vehicle was… well, for lack of a better term, rather roomy. There were no doors or windows to the vehicle, and the roof was a canvas sheet with large holes in it that would basically let moisture pass right through if it rained. There wasn’t a cushion or pillow in sight; instead, the front and back seats were a wide, thin stone bench, seated atop a crude wooden frame that was light enough that I could propel the car forward with my feet.

Of all the things that had survived the loss of humanity, why oh why had these aliens chose “The Flintstones” to use as a basis to rebuild a habitat for humanity? Without an answer, I simply climbed into my car and pushed forward, hoping to build enough momentum so I could get to work within the next hour or so.

Wouldn’t want Mr. Slate to be unhappy, now would we?Heh, wow, that was fun. :D  That one was an IP with a guy that had only half a face, whispering something evil to what looked like a princess.  So... my brain went nuts with it. :D  


Original prompt:     


My story:   

“Princess.” The word was a hiss, barely audible, formed from the throat long dead and issued from lips long overdue to be put in the ground. The creature sitting next to the beautiful, sullen-eyed maiden was not of this world, yet the crown nailed into its head signified that it weighted some impart on the lady it sat beside. When it spoke again, it peered at the man kneeling before them with sightless form, for no eyes were atop the skull of the creature’s mottled skin. “Your judgment?”

The cowering noble dared not look up. The blade was inches away from his throat, and he knew his very life hung within the whim of she whom had no mercy. Begging for his life would be worthless; countless others had already died, even just this morning. No, best to just wait, and pray to the gods that…

A nod. The blade sang, and the noble’s life was ended, his body added to the growing pile in the pits. The princess watched as the blood pooled into well-used crevices, slowly combining with the life blood of countless others. Just a few more, perhaps…

No. No, that had to be enough. It had to be. It was time. The princess stood and looked at the creature beside her. “My judgement? Come. It is time.”

The creature seemed reluctant. “Are you certain?”

“No. But we never will be, will we, until we try?” She held her hand out to the creature, and it took her hand in a shaky grip. When it stood, it became clear; the creature’s state of decay extended throughout its body, and it could barely walk. 

The princess glanced at two of her guards nearby. “You two, assist us!” Though the creature was taller than she was, it weighed almost nothing… but were it to fall, she could not stop it by herself.

They immediately came to her aid, moving to stand on either side of the creature so the princess could walk freely. The walk to the death chamber was long and silent, marked only by the footfalls of the guards. Upon entering the chamber, the creature hissed in pain, the close proximity to the pool of lifeblood immediately starting to affect his undead body.

The princess snarled, “Bring him quickly!” as she moved to the other end of the chamber where a sacrificial table was ready. The guards, instructions already hammered into their head long ago, hoisted the creature into the air and physically carried him the last few feet to the table and quickly secured him. 

This close to the pool of lifeblood, the pain was excruciating, and the creature began to thrash. The guards quickly restrained his limbs with rope as the princess removed a long curved dagger off of a table nearby and knelt down.

As she dipped the knife into the lifeblood, the princess began to chant the magical incantation. Immediately, the blood began to flow into the blade, which began to pulsate. Thump thump. Thump thump. With a primal scream, the princess spun and plunged the blade directly into the creature’s chest with a meaty thunk.

For a moment, all was quiet as princess and the guards stared at the pulsating blade. Then, without warning, the creature released a guttural, unearthly shriek of pain that caused the three to clap their hands to their ears. The blood in the pool began to fly through the air, swirling around the table three times before getting sucked into the blade embedded in the creature.

For what seemed an eternity, every drop of blood in the pool came flying out, until finally the last drop had been pulled into the creature’s body and the knife ejected itself. The knife clattered onto the floor, now spent, and the creature groaned and sat up.

Where the creature once was, now sat a man, who looked to be about the same age as the princess. Where before his skin had been pallid and withdrawn, it now was pinkish and vibrant with youth. His hands were no longer clawed and broken, but full and strong. His body was now wide and hefty, a young man in the prime of his life. Pale yellow hair draped down his face, obscuring his features as he coughed, once.

The princess stood, smiling. “My love, it worked! Oh, my love, you’ve come back to me!”

The prince nodded. “It… it has, yes… but where are you, my precious?” He coughed again. “I cannot see you.”

“A… a side effect, perhaps?” The princess frowned, glancing at the guards. The guards shrugged. “Come, my love, you’ve been cursed and dead for five years, some lingering effects are to be expected. Let me see your face again.”

The prince nodded and parted his hair.

The princess screamed, and the guards looked on in terror. For no eyes were atop the man’s still-mottled forehead. The princess had been too hasty in her spell.Hah, that was fun!  Had to write a story with some very specific guidelines, and that was a blast!  :D  I had to use 4 different words (in this case Banshee, Arcane, Manticore and Pixie), write it in a diary type of format, and include some wording that I SORTA used for max points. :D  Oh, and keep it within 800 words. :D  That was fun. :)  


Original Smash em Up Sunday post and guidelines:  
  

&#x200B;

My post:  


  

Words are hard. But Jorg said Whug need write words down, better store keeper that way. So Whug write. Whug store keeper. Whug good store keeper. Whug will be best store keeper in all Lindar marketplace. Whug sell swords, shields, potions, even pixies in a bottle.

Whug not know what pixies in a bottle good for, but seem to sell out all time. So Whug keep buying them. Good business, bottled pixies. 

***\*Two pages of random doodles and dropped food\****

Dropped pixie bottle today, stupid pixie tried to fly away. Hit stupid thing with shield. Pixie got stuck in shield, shield started glowing. Sold shield for bunches more gold than before. Wonder if that works for swords too.

***\*The next page is a crumpled mess of green ichor and blood, unreadable\****

No. It no work for swords. Owe healer two arcane talismans and a goat now. Finger mostly work like new. Stupid pixie.

***\*The next page looks suspiciously like vomit\****

Banshee mage came into store. Had manticore pet on leash. Cute thing. I gave scritches and snacks, asked banshee what pet name was. Banshee looked at Whug funny. Called Whug “Key to future.” Whug called her in need of trip to healer. Banshee insisted Whug would need to learn something to save all monster kind.

Banshee gave Whug parchment, told Whug to keep with words. Banshee nuts, but banshee also give Whug gold to do it, so Whug do it. Then Banshee make Whug try to learn words. Hah! Words funny! Whug still know them.

Um. Water? No. Sea. Yeah. Sea is wet, and fish men live in sea. Neat! No. Wait. That not words. Words hard to remember.

Wait, Whug remember. Sea is wet, all fish men live in sea. Something something. Trolls are bridges, dragons live mountains. Places everyone. Everyone? 

Whug not quite remember perfectly. But Whug have parchment somewhere, so it ok. If banshee lady come back, Whug give her it back. Then banshee happy, and Whug can scratch manticore again. 

***\*whatever was written on the next page was scribbled over hundreds of times\****

Why they let dwarfs into marketplace? Stupid dwarfs undercutting Whug profits. Whug not sell first sword in week. Whug want to thump dwarfs, but Jorg tell Whug that land Whug in gulag. Whug not want to go to gulag again. So Whug be good.

But Whug going broke. Have to do something.

***\*The next three pages have been ripped out and are missing entirely, and the entry continues from the prior page that is missing\****

… and threw away key. Whug not understand. Dwarfs started fight. Whug only trying to be better store keeper. Not Whug’s fault dwarfs don’t have pixie in bottle. 

Though yeah, it Whug’s fault dwarfs are now dead. Whug not start fight. Whug always, always finish fight, just like Momma showed him. Whug love Momma.

But now Whug stuck in jail. How Whug be best store keeper in here? This big problem.

***\*Fourteen of the next pages are simply doodles\****

Banshee mage came to jail to see me. Brought manticore! I gave scritches while she talked. Banshee talks a lot.  She likes her voice. Said Whug was key again, wanted to know if Whug knew paper.

Whug knows. Sorta. Banshee said good enough. Going to bust Whug out of jail, go on epic adventure to human lands. 

Whug doesn’t want epic adventure to human lands, Whug just want to be best store keeper in all of Lindar marketplace. But banshee seems to know more than Whug, so Whug just do what banshee wants to do.

Whug told banshee need to stop at Whug store first though. Banshee want to know why, and Whug grinned his best grin to her.

Whug know the drill, after all. Whug going to need pixies in a bottle. And Whug has all the best pixies in a bottle. 

***\*So ends the diary of the orcish hero Whug, hero of the battle of Blitzkar, general of the monster armies of Hinalpwo, and in the end, one of the very best store keepers the land of monsters ever had\****Ok, this was DIFFICULT for me.  If you know me, I can tend to be a bit words.  Yes, some of the stuff I post on here can be short (I think the shortest story on here is around 750-800 words), but quite often I get a bad case of the "ok, wrap it up already" blues.  But this challenge was difficult for me!!!  Basically, you've got two things you have to use - a ticket, and you have to be in a park.    


Oh, and keep it between 100-300 words in length.  0\_0  AUGH!  That's HARD!

&#x200B;

Link to the challenge:   

&#x200B;

My story:

 

I hop, I skip, I jump, and I whistle and then I see it. In the corner of my eye, just on the edge of my vision. A slightly crumpled, but valid and unused ticket! It’s no one else’s, it’s mine!

I have my own ticket! I’ve never had my own ticket before. What do you do with a ticket? Oh! I’ll go to the park! The one with the rides! I hurry on and meet the man.

I have a ticket. Can you accept it? No? I’m turned away. The amusement park wasn’t the right place. I travel on. I have a ticket to ride, perhaps? No? That bus driver was mean. I clutch my ticket tightly as the night turns cold. I have a ticket for food? I’m ever so hungry. I haven’t eaten in days, you see… no? Oh. I see. Ok.

Maybe it’s a ticket to sleep? Someplace warm, dry, away from the cool night air? Ok, ok, you don’t have to yell. I’ll leave.

I have a ticket. I curl up under the tree in the city park, where I always sleep. It’s cold again. I shiver, but it’s ok. I’m starting to get warm. I fall asleep, my ticket in my hands.

I have my ticket. A light? Oh, a staircase! What a beautiful view… I’ll climb it! What a lovely gate! Oh, that’s a long line. I wonder if they will take my ticket.

Sir, will YOU take my ticket?

… he took my ticket! He told me I could come in! I’m home!Original prompt:  **\[WP\] You live in a world where memory is the currency. A good memory can buy you luxury. You are a man who forgets things very soon**   


Original link:     


My story:   


  

I think I’m rich. I think. I don’t really remember. It’s hard for me to think of things after the… what did they call it again? Actual? Accrual? Accident? That’s the ticket, accident. Accident. Accidental thingamajigger. 

Ooo, flowers. I picked a few, because they’re pretty. This one’s really pretty. It’s yellow, and has a bit of white on the petals, and has a bit of a spring smell to it. I’ll put it behind my ear. And this one’s yellow too. I’ll put it behind my ear, so I don’t forget it. Oh, there’s another flower there already. Neat. They can keep each other company. 

There are flowers here. They’re pretty. I should pick a few, but the company probably wouldn’t want me to do that. I looked around, but everyone was ignoring me again. They do that, I think. They usually do. Everyone here in the business tended to pretend that I didn’t exist anymore. At least, when I could remember, I would remember that.

Everything here was based on memory. I do remember that. That’s one thing I can always remember, because it was ingrained on us from birth. If you can remember it, you can sell it. Selling your memory was how you made your money. But what money was used for, I couldn’t tell you. I don’t remember. I had an actual.

No, not an actual. What was the word again? I stopped in the middle of the sidewalk and looked up into the sky, trying to reconnect the broken pathways in my head once again to find the words as they skittered about like so many lost butterflies. Oh, right. Accident. Yes. I had an accident. 

I don’t know who I was before the accident. Sure, they tell me I was important. Someone of wealth. Power. Vital to someone or something. I can’t remember who it was that I was supposed to be, and I don’t care, not really. That person sounds really boring. 

They’ve told me all about him. Big, bad, mean, business man. Company man. The Man of the Company. The company WAS the man. He was it. He made things happen, and everyone was afraid of him. They all did what he said, and he made them afraid of him.

I don’t like him. He sounds very not nice.

That’s not me. I like flowers. Like the flowers on the side of the walkway here. They’re pretty. I should pick a few. I’ll put them up behind my ear, so I don’t forget them. Oh, there are flowers there already. Ok, I’ll put them by my other ear, so I don’t forget these flowers either. 

Great! Now I have two batches of flowers, my new flowers and the ones I’d forgotten about! This was awesome! I just hoped I didn’t forget about them.

People ignored me as they stomped by, in a hurry to make their money. Everyone selling their memories. Everyone talking to those little boxes in their hands, looking down, not watching where they were going. 

No one saw any of the flowers. So many flowers kept getting stepped on. I’ll save them. 

By the end of the day, I’d stuffed my pockets full of flowers. My shirt had flowers sticking out of every available hole, and even my socks had flowers stuffed inside. I beamed with pride at Jerry, the Man who Put me to Bed every Night, and said, “I got flowers, Jerry!”

Jerry sighed. He did that a lot. “Yeah, I see that, Mr. Inishita. Did you have any progress today, like the doctor hoped?”

“Progress?” I blinked. Was I supposed to progress? “Um…”

“Never mind.” Jerry sighed again, a more heavy and weary sigh as he moved to start helping me undress. “How many flowers did you grab today?”

“All of them!” I pulled Jerry into a hug. I liked hugs. Jerry was a good person to hug. I hugged Jerry and the flowers all at once, in a big flower hug. 

“You’re supposed to get better, Mr. Inishita. You have all those lock codes stuck in your head. You can’t unlock the banks of the world unless you get better, so everyone in the world’s money is still frozen inside your head.” He glared at me. “So get better. And stop hugging me.”

“Cranky pants.” 

“Go to bed. Get better tomorrow.”

I slipped into bed and smiled up at the ceiling. I was right. I truly was rich. Everyone in the world wanted me to get better, I just had a big flower hug with Jerry, and I was going to get more flowers tomorrow. 

I was the richest man in the world.Heh.  Be interesting to see who gets this one. :)

Original prompt:  **\[WP\] While visiting a memorial for veterans, you spot a man in a stained and dirty uniform. After asking him what war he served in, he sadly laughs and responds "all of them"**

Original link:  

My story:

The Vietnam Memorial War Memorial is always an imposing, somber reminder of just how costly war really is. I stood in front of the wall, reading down the names one by one, not recognizing any of them of course… but out of respect for the fallen, I’d give their names one more utterance in the world once more, out of courtesy. The drizzle of an annoyed low pressure system continued to fall around us as the kids complained loudly that they wanted to go somewhere, anywhere other than there.

Maybe the mall was open? A restaurant? Somewhere where it wasn’t forty-two degrees and raining, maybe?

No respect at all. I sighed and glanced at my wife, meeting her eyes. She shook her head and gave me a sad smile. “I’ll take them, you keep doing your thing, dear.”

“Thanks, honey. I’ll call you when I’m done.”

“Take your time.”

She didn’t fool me, I thought as I watched her corral the kids back toward the minivan. She wanted out of the rain and away from this dreary reminder of war as much as they did. It wasn’t her fault; I’d come from a long line of military-minded folks, and only a trick knee had kept me from doing my part to serve my country. But I’d still pay my respects anytime and every time the opportunity presented itself.

And now, with so few Vietnam vets still left alive, it was up to people like to me to help keep their memory alive. So I turned back to the wall, my eyes going down the list of names again… until I heard a voice beside me, also reading off the names.

I glanced to my side, and an old man that had to have been in his late nineties was sitting beside me, his grizzled hand shakily tracing one of the names on the wall before him. The rain rolled down his nearly hairless dome unimpeded, creating small drips in the many wrinkles that adorned his aged features. His thick glasses were raised above his eyes as he winced, trying to make out the name before him.

I smiled. “Anything I can do to help you, sir?”

“Ah!” Startled, the man looked over at me, his glasses falling back down onto his face. “Oh! Sorry, sonny, didn’t see you there!”

“No worries, my good man, no worries. Here.” I pulled my umbrella over from the bench and opened it. “Need a bit of assistance? Cover from the rain?”

“Hah.” He looked up into the clouds. “No rain’s ever stopped me, boy.”

“I bet.” I glanced at the wall, and my voice softened. “So… is that someone you knew?”

“… Yes.” He turned and put his hand back against the wall. “I’ve known him, and his family for quite some time. Long story, but his family’s got a bit of an... onus… well… never mind. But he was a good kid, a damn good kid. Jason, his name was. Young kid when I knew him, straight out of school when they sent us into those damn jungles.”

“I’m sorry.” I’d heard the stories, of course. Everyone had heard the stories of ‘Nam. But you just didn’t hear them like you heard them from the horse’s mouth, so I settled in for a good one.

“Didn’t even make it three days before he got his ticket punched. And you know how it happened?” When I shook my head, he continued, “He was loading his gun, and the clumsy oaf somehow just dropped it! Gun misfired, and that was that!”

“Oh.” I winced. “So he blew his own head off?”

“Naw.” The old man waved me off dismissively. Only nicked his cheek. But it hit the light and ricocheted off to the left, and knocked a lit candle off a shelf. That landed on a bunch of cleaning rags they’d been using to wipe up turpentine with, and they started to catch fire. Well, Jason did his best to put that out, but he somehow got blood from the wound in his eye and when he went to rub at it, he spread flaming turpentine on his face.”

“… what?” This was getting just a bit hard to believe. I raised an eyebrow and looked at the old man, but he ignored me and continued.

“Anyway, long story short, once the tent finally caught on fire and the fire reached the rest of the fuel depot, it wasn’t long before Jason and a good portion of the rest of the company went up in a big ball of kaboom. Never even saw the first day of action. Poor kid.” He turned back to the wall and sighed.

“That’s… quite a story.” And completely made up, I’d imagine…

“Oh, it’s not made up.” The old man glanced at me with suddenly sharp eyes. “His daddy died in an off-the-cuff way as well.”

I was taken aback, both by the statement and by what he said. “What… what do you mean?”

“His daddy’s name was Keith. He, too, was a military man, and he was a good man as well. I was there with him, too. He was in the Navy, though I don’t remember the name of the submarine he was on. Once again, nice kid. Just a bit clumsy.”

I frowned. “Wait. How were you with both…”

He ignored me. “Want to know a not-so-good combination? Clumsy and in charge of submarine ordnance. Keith didn’t get a wall in his honor.” The old man looked back up into the rain. “Poor Keith, though he didn’t feel it, so there’s that at least.”

This was getting weird. “If you were on the sub, then how…”

“Keith’s daddy’s name was Jim. He was a good man as well, fought in the Civil War. He and I were good pals, at least until his family’s onus came and went then too. Poor man.”

“What… what happened to him?”

“Well, you know how they used to fill those cannons with things like chains and bricks and anything else around if they ran out of shot?” When I nodded, he continued, “Well, it usually helps to make sure that the chain you just loaded into the cannon isn’t still wrapped around your leg before someone fires the cannon.”

“Oh god.” I shook my head. “You… you can’t be serious. I mean, how do you expect me to believe you were at all these places, with these people, when they died? I mean, seriously?”

“Because I was, Patrick.” The old man patted me on the shoulder and smiled. “I always am, and always will be. That’s part of my onus as well. Meantime, I’m needed over in Iraq, one of Jason’s cousins is about to head onto the battlefield for the first time, and I’m about to come up again. So, enjoy the rest of the day.”

“How… how did you know… my name?” I blinked. The old man was gone. In a moment, he’d been there and now was not. I looked around, and save for the unused umbrella at my feet, there was no sign anyone had been standing there with me at all.

“That was just a tad bit creepy.” I shook my head and looked around again, but nope, no one was around. Maybe it’d been my imagination? As I turned to leave, a thought crossed my mind, and I turned back to the wall.

The old man had been inspecting one of the names on the wall. I wonder which name… I went down the list of names until I came to one that it just HAD to be, and I paled.

J. Murphy.gotta say, my muse went a slightly different direction than I'd expected it to go with the original prompt.  But hey, that's the whole point, right?  


Original prompt:  **\[WP\] As a young child afraid of ghosts and monsters, your mother taught you that you can use your imagination to fight them. Since they 'aren't real', you can use weapons that 'aren't real' to hurt them. She had no idea she was preparing you for your career as a demon hunter.** 

&#x200B;

Original link:   

&#x200B;

My story:   

It seemed like such a good idea at the time. “Bring your imagination to life, TruVR© will bring your wildest fantasy right into your living room, no matter how outlandish, how bizarre, how sexy or how extreme! Only 499.99!” And at first, it had been a fantastic idea. 

Children could play with their Sesame Street friends, right in their living room. Want to try out that new recipe, live and on air? Throw on the TruVR and stand right next to your favorite celebrity chef, in their studio, and prepare it with them. Want to see what life was like in the world of Harry Potter? Turn the movie on, turn on TruVR and you’re on the Hogwarts Express next to Harry, heading to Hogwarts.

I was only 4 when TruVR first arrived, and my mother refused to buy it for us. She insisted that we shouldn’t embrace everything that came along, and some old technology was still worth pursuing. She made me read, made me use my imagination, and taught me to craft stories and write down my thoughts and feelings. My friends made fun of me, but I did not care. So years passed.

As I came into my teens, many a teenaged boy and guilty spouse got caught using the program for, ah, shall we say… questionable programming. A black market soon sprang up, selling to those looking for more exotic flavors of virtual reality; and the need was intense, and a feeding frenzy was soon to come. Like all good dreams, each silver lining came at a cost of riding on the coattails of a potential nightmare. But, for a time, it seemed like all was a dream come true. 

The first death was written off as simple overexertion. The man was found with his TruVR still in full swing, a black market label with the lovely title of “Demon Princesses volume 4.” Inside his home, his nearly-naked body was found under a pile of writhing bits of computerized flesh that hissed and screeched at the intruders. The police were forced to cut the power to the house before they could retrieve the man’s corpse.

Simple overexertion. Right. 

It wasn’t until I hit my mid-twenties that the second death arrived, and this death was more difficult to explain. This death had not been at the hands of a black market VR label, nor an adult label overexertion. This had been a child’s VR, entitled “Candy Land Swing set.” The VR had promised nothing more than an afternoon that would turn the child’s bedroom or living room into a virtual candy land, complete with orange licorice slide and a twizzler swing set. The guide for this play land would be Fuzzles, the cotton candy bunny.

When the horrified parents found their child, Fuzzles had eaten all but a small portion of their child, and with a guttural screech completely unbefitting a cute fuzzy bunny made out of cotton candy, the creature had lunged at the terrified mother. Once again, cutting power to the house had stopped the VR simulation, but the majority of the child was never recovered.

There was never any real explanation given for this incident, and it was quickly and quietly swept under the rug as TruVR sales reached their zenith. Fools. 

My friends moved on after college, as did I. My circles took me away from their pathways, and I became a writer, using my imagination as my mother had shown me. I began crafting worlds with my words, using my imagination to bring things to life that never existed, ironically enough selling most of my work to the very company I detested… TruVR. But I needed to survive, and money was money, after all. 

Five years later, it happened. A hacker by the name of WorldEndar4U hacked into TruVR’s servers and released the source code into the world. Within days, anywhere there was an open power source, there was a hacked node of pirated VR.

Within another forty-eight hours, the invasion began.

WorldEndar4U took forty-eight hours to craft an invasion force of the weirdest, most violent, most destructive creatures he could find in the archives of the world. The first creatures to attack were nasty, snake-like creatures the size of a horse with venomous fangs that dripped acid. Bullets would not touch them, so they decimated police forces around the world handily. These snake-like creatures would appear in an instant if anyone got within forty feet of any of the pirated VR nodes and attack.

Four hours after the snake creatures arrived, the demons appeared. These creatures were literal textbook demons, twisted replicas of humanoid creatures that stood nearly ten feet tall with wings twice the size of their bodies. Deep red in coloration and dripping with blood from spikes that jutted savagely from every major joint in their body, the demons flew in ever widening circles from the pirated VR points, looking for any signs of life and would attack anyone and anything the found.

Many were slaughtered within the first week by simply being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Thousands more were killed when they tried to fight back against the onslaught using any means necessary. Even killing power to entire cities would only delay them until the hacker restored power by his own means.

It looks like the end of the world out there.

And it would have been.

Except for one thing. The call had gone out. There was a hope, albeit a slim one. Some VR programs hadn’t been corrupted by the hacker, and within the programs you could manipulate the world for your own purpose. If you had enough imagination, you could fight the pirated VR on its own terms and fight back. With enough concentration, you could forge a blade strong enough to penetrate the hide of the snake creature. You could fashion a gun with enough umph to punch through the winged demons and make them land. Anything you could dream of, was yours for the asking in the world of TruVR, after all.

Interestingly enough, none of my stories had been used by the hacker. Whether because they were too new and too full of the newest security algorithms or some odd coincidence, I did not know, but my fortune began to grow as war began to fatten my pockets. Soon everyone was running my stories in their own personal VR devices, and we began to fight back. Slowly but surely, we began to regain our ground, our lives, our freedom against WorldEndar4U’s demonic forces. But for every inch of ground we gained, we lost so precious much of our innocence, our lives, our souls…

But it was all worth it in the end. I smiled as I strapped the portable battery onto my back, adjusting the fit so it was snug but not too tight. Wouldn’t be too long now before the Mega Demon Vrs began to appear near Japan. The war was nearly over. One last big hurrah, and everything could return to a normal state of affairs. 

The world population was decimated, of course. Current auto-census had it down by nearly 65%. But we’d needed a culling anyway, truth be told. The world would be much better off now that over half of us had perished, and would take decades if not centuries to return to our previous population numbers. 

Most of those that had died? They’d scoffed at my stories, at my imagination growing up anyway. I cared nothing for them in life. In death, they could feed the planet. The children, of course, were unfortunate side casualties of war… I’d always respected their capabilities for imagination. But some accidental casualties were necessary when going to war with an entire planet, of course, so I’d steeled myself for that long ago.

I wondered what my mother would think of me now. Granted, I could ask her here in a little while…

I touched the button on my vest to activate my TruVR, and felt the hum as static electricity shuddered across my skin. Ahead of me, a small figure of a girl appeared, dressed in a reaper’s costume. She nodded at me, once. “Is it time, sir?”

“It is, Grim. Activate the Mega Demon VRs, then start the erasure.”

“As you wish, sir.” She paused, her eyes meeting mine. “I will miss you sir.”

“We’ll meet again, Grim.” I held her gaze until she smirked. “Promise.”

“If you say so.” She looked away for a moment. “Mega Demons 1 and 2 activated. Good luck, WorldEndar4U.”

“Not this time.” I concentrated, picturing a jetpack and helmet combo worthy of any hero in the comics. With a flash of light, I felt the added weight on my shoulders and head; I didn’t have to check, they were there. They were always there. “Goodbye, Grim.” I activated the rockets on the jetpack, ignoring the panicked calls for help on the radio… I already knew what they were about, and the hero was already on the way. Time for one last heroic send off, to cement my place in history… 

“Goodbye.” She watched me fly off, and after a moment, winked out of existence.Only managed one writing prompt today, was working on one of my novels instead (which isn't a bad thing) :)  


Original prompt :  **\[WP\] "I was born twelve thousand eight hundred and some odd years ago. I have picked you this generation. You may ask three questions and I will answer with as much detail as I can. " you stare in disbelief at the completely serious girl who looks about 12.**   


Original link:   


My story: 

&#x200B;

  

I peered through the alcohol-induced haze at the tiny figure before me. The girl couldn’t have been more than about twelve years of age, if that. Hell, who let someone’s daughter into the bar? Man, if Manny saw her, he was gonna flip out… I burped, loudly, and looked around, trying to see where that lazy bartender was this time, but he was nowhere around, as usual. He never was around when my glass was nearly empty…

I heard words again, high-pitched and shrill, and they cut through the booze and music with an annoying intensity. I sighed and looked down into my mug. Only foam and the slightest bit of backwash looked back at me. Why me… Maybe I’d imagined it. Yeah, that was it. I was so drunk I was seeing things. Wouldn’t be the first time, wouldn’t be the last time, though I usually was drunker than this before I started seeing things.

And movies lied to me. I had YET to see any pink damn dancing elephants. I was gonna have to write a letter to that mouse…

I felt a small hand on my arm, near my USMC tattoo, and I looked to my left. Nope, I hadn’t imagined it. There was a small girl staring back at me expectantly. I blinked a few times, trying to clear my head and chase this vision away, but nope, there she was, still looking at me. “You’re… you’re real.”

“I am. Did you hear me?”

“Uh…. Whut?” I tried to clear my head, trying to remember what she’d said over top of the chorus of rowdy singing from across the bar. “Maybe?”

She smirked. “I won’t count that one. I said, I’m here because you have been chosen. You among all your peers in humanity have been chosen in this generation for three complete questions, fully asked and answered to the best of my ability. Ask me anything, anything at all, and I will give you the answer. Be warned, though,” and she held up a finger in warning, “if you do not necessarily like the answer that is not my fault. I merely speak the honest, bare truth. I cannot help it if it is a painful one.”

“Yeah, ok.” I smirked. Little girly thought she was a seer or gypsy or something. Fine, I’ll play along. Still can’t find Manny anyway, so it’s not like I can get another beer just yet. “So three questions. Ok, um… oh, easy first one.” This’ll be a good test. “Why’d Maria leave me?”

The girl’s face fell. “You really want that for your first question, Ethan?”

Huh. She knew my name. “Yah. Let’s start with that one.” I went to take a swig of my beer before I remembered it was empty. I slammed the empty mug down with a snarl and shouted, “Manny! Need a refill!”

“Well, you gave me an easy one to start with, Ethan.” The girl’s voice was rather quiet, but as she talked, I realized I could hear her distinctly over all else in the bar, clear as a bell. “It started with your marriage fifteen years ago. You two were quite happy then, if you remember, but that didn’t last long. You were only two years into the Marines then, and when you got deployed, you let your friends talk you into something you later regretted, didn’t you?”

Oh shit. “Well, I…”

“One in every port doesn’t count if the home port never finds out, right?”

Shit.

“And she found out, didn’t she. Hard to cover up the tracks when you come home with sexually transmitted diseases. And even then, she tried staying by your side, didn’t she? You two tried to work it out for two more years… and you weren’t faithful.”

Shit. “That… that’s enough.”

“No, it’s not.” Her voice was starting to cut. “As I said, truth is painful. You can drink it away all you want, but rip off the band aid and it’s right there, simmering below the surface, no matter how many times you try to cover it up. She left because of you, and you still love her, even now. And with each drink, with each time you leave a bar drunk out of your mind, you’re trying to take your own life without it being your ‘fault,’ aren’t you, Ethan.”

“Shut up.”

“It doesn’t work that way, does it. Suicide by drinking and driving would still be a suicide, even if no one here technically knows that would by why you drove off drunk. They’d still know it on the other side. You know that, and you know they would know that. And drinking to your degree won’t bring her back, nor forgive you of your mistakes, Ethan…”

“I SAID SHUT UP!” I snarled, flinging the empty glass at her. My aim, however, was as inebriated as I was, and I hit the large biker to her right instead. In the ensuing bar fight, I found myself beaten pretty soundly and ended up in the back of an ambulance, on my way to Paradise Medical for some patchwork and recuperation before I’d spend some time in lockup for the fight.

I groaned as I looked around the back of the ambulance. There, by the end of gurney, sat a small little girl, she couldn’t have been more than twelve years old. She’d followed me. “You’re still here, aren’t you?”

“I am, yes. And that doesn’t count as one of your questions. You have two left. Are you ready to ask the next question?”

“Like hell I am. Get out of here.”

“Very well. I will return soon for your next question. Be ready to ask it then, Ethan. And please…” Her voice softened slightly, “I hope this experience at least showed you to be careful of what you ask of me.”

I grunted in response and watched as she simply vanished. Yeah, I was going to definitely have to word my question a bit better next time. 

Or at least make sure I wasn’t three sheets to the wind when I asked it.Wow.  My muse went DARK on this one. 0\_0

&#x200B;

Original prompt:  **\[WP\] A small child thinks she can perform telekinesis, but it's just an invisible man doing things for her.**   


Original link: 

&#x200B;

My story:  


  

Ah, time for a tea party. Today, it’s Mr. Wiggles the stuffed lion to my left… On the right, is an unnamed doll with no clothes on, and makeup smeared across the majority of her face, hair akimbo from having the original bindings chewed off long ago… and directly across from me, wearing shoes seven sizes too big for her and a clip on tie over her princess dress, is Amy, the hostess of the soiree. 

She pours our tea with all the grace of the Princess Boss King Queen of the World that she is, spilling only a half dozen gallons on poor Mr. Wiggles (she always seems to spill on poor Mr. Wiggles) and spends the next fifteen minutes cleaning him up with waves of her Queenly Wand of Cleanliness. We sit in apt attention and wait, for we know that to interrupt this would reset the entire tea party.

You don’t interrupt the tea party.

I don’t fit in the chair situated for me at the party, but I don’t mind. She can’t tell that, of course, but she also doesn’t mind. I drink the pretend tea, same as I do every day, day in and day out. Amy is about the same age that my daughter was, and I loved tea with her, too. Finally Mr. Wiggles is clean again, and after a good scolding for getting tea behind his ears and tail, the tea party can continue. Amy offers Prisoner X some tea, and I of course accept.

Oh, did I forget to mention that? I am Prisoner X. Amy knows me by that name, but she’s never seen me. No one has, at least in the last three decades or so. I’m still not quite sure if I’m technically dead, or if I’m just somewhere between living or dead, or what I’m supposed to be. But I’m not here-here, though I am in the room with Amy.

I’ve never been solid again. It takes all I can do to concentrate enough to do anything at all in the physical world. It’s pathetic. I was a massive beast of a man prior to my incarceration… now I can’t even open a door? But with enough thought, I can at least make a little girl’s day. And that’s all that’s important to me now.

And hey, that’s a good thing. After all, I can participate in tea, can’t I? I lifted the tea cup, and the cup hung in the air by itself, waiting for Amy to pour the pretend tea, which she happily did. I moved the tea to where my lips would be, then back to the table. 

She loved tea parties. By now, my own daughter probably has children of her own, even possibly a grandchild or two, depending on how early she started. If I could remember where I lived, I might even go find her, but damn, in the last thirty years, this world’s changed so much, I can’t figure things out anymore. And in this weird state that experiment put me in, no one can hear me or see me, so communication’s been difficult at best.

Only good part about it is that I don’t seem to need to eat, sleep, drink or crap anymore. I’m just… here. So that’s good at least. Though I do miss a good steak, I don’t mind the rest of the stuff being gone. 

Uh oh. I looked to my right as I heard a door slam. Daddy’s home. Guess that means the tea party’s done… The fearful look in my hostess’ eyes confirmed that. 

I mean, you don’t interrupt the tea party, but daddy was a mean drunk. Maybe he’d stay downstairs… the sounds of feet on the stairs told me tonight was going to be another night I just didn’t want to be in this room anymore.

Ugh. No. Just… no, dammit. That just wasn’t right. I had to do SOMETHING. I stood up and planted myself in front of her door, trying to just will myself solid. Something. ANYTHING. Just to stop him from coming inside.

He pushed the door open with ease and immediately started screaming at her. The drink was already heavy on him, and she blanched away from him with fear, trying her best to appease him while knowing it was a futile gesture from the start. I could see the ire rising in his eyes with each bellow. It would not be long now… and all I could do was leave.

So why was I standing there?

Finally, it came. He raised his hand, and I wordlessly shouted “no!” and swung at his face with all my might, wanting valiantly to defend Amy the Princess Boss King Queen of the World with every iota of my soul.

I connected.

I… connected? The man flew backward with the impact of my punch, slamming into the wall with a shocked sound. He slid to the floor with a groan and remained still for a time. I don’t know how long Amy nor I stared at the crumpled form of her father, but finally I moved over to Amy and placed my hand on her head, a sign we’d worked out months prior to show my presence to her.

“Prisoner X? Was that you?”

A single tap.  Yes.

“Did you defend me?”

Another single tap. Yes.

“Is he…” She could not complete the question, but she did not need to.

I answered with a tap, two taps, and then a single tap. This was a code for “I don’t know.”

“Can… Can I hug you?”

I answered again with a tap, two taps, and a single tap. In response, she felt around and was able this time to find my leg. She grasped it tightly and hugged it, whispering, “Thank you.”

I hugged her back as best as I could – it was hard to do so without passing through her, even now – until she pulled away and wiped away tears. She looked through me and said, “Will you help me find someone? Someone that can help me?”

A single tap. I reached down and picked up Mr. Wiggles, placing it into her hands. 

She smiled, because in Mr. Wiggle’s hand, she could feel my own hand. Holding onto my hand as tightly as she could, we started to make our way down the stairs.

I would find freedom for Amy. And no one would harm the Princess Boss King Queen of the World, for she had a guardian. And come hell or high water, this little Princess was going to find happiness.

Then I was going to find the next Princess Boss King Queen of the World, and bring her to happiness too. I think I’d found what I wanted to do with my time now. But first… Get Amy to safety.Heh, that one was fun... there's a lot of potential to this WP. (Note - this does NOT reflect my marriage, just this poor guy's marriage)

&#x200B;

Original Prompt:  **\[WP\] You find an old rusted combination lock. You hang onto it for years, randomly trying different combinations occasionally. One day, it clacks open, and in front of you a strange door appears out of thin air.**

&#x200B;

Original link: 

My story:

“Why do you still have that ugly old thing?” Melanie’s voice dripped with loathing as she examined the rust-covered combination lock from my desk. Her perfectly-manicured nails scratched at the numbers with distaste as she continued, “You’ll get gangrene using this, you know!”

“I think you mean tetanus.” I sighed and leaned forward, retrieving the lock from her hands. “Besides, I found that as a kid, you know that. It’s sentimental.” I glanced at the clock. 6:55P.M.I went with the viewpoint of the aliens for this one. :)

&#x200B;

Original WP:  **\[WP\] Heroes and Supervillains are real. A full scale war between them breaks out and the Supervillains win and slaughter all the Heroes. 4 years later earth is invaded by an advanced species. The Supervillains are now Earths protectors.**   


Original Post: 

&#x200B;

My story: 

&#x200B;

  

We had seen the projections from the third planet from the dwarf star. We all had watched them, over and over.  It was required, nay, demanded, to be a part of our daily ritual as our invasion-class ships transversed the subspace between our world and theirs. It would soon be time, and the invasion would begin. 

Soon. As one, our antenna trembled with excitement, the hive-mind nearly ecstatic with impatience. Soon the battle would begin, and the glory of war would be upon us. We’d trained for years, watching the signals that we’d received from their planet. We’d seen their warriors grow, from mere cave beings with sticks, hunting strange creatures that shot fire from tusked mouths… to riding on the backs of four-legged beasts of burden, hunting others of their kind with archaic stringed or projectile weapons… and later to more advanced machines of war, large vehicles that moved across the lands and sky with devastating weapons of destruction.

We’d watched them all. We saw them die in trenches, we saw them die in jungles, we saw them explode in blimps and shuttles and planes… so many ways for these strange creatures to die, and yet they continued to war amongst themselves. It was glorious. Such an appetite for chaos, for war, for conflict… we must taste it!

It was decided unanimously among the hive mind. The ships must fly. This planet must be explored, conquered, and brought into the hive. These… humans… they must be brought to heel. The power they could bring, the experience, the sheer determination… the glory they would bring! So three ships were dispatched, two years apart, as was standard protocol. No creature in the known universe had withstood even one ship to date, but it was always prudent to use some caution. These were the most war loving creatures ever discovered, after all.

We were the first ship. It had been almost a decade in jump space to reach the third planet from the dwarf star. Too long. Far too long. We wanted to be there, to get this start, to go ahead with the conquest and enjoy the taste of these new creatures in our mouths, to feel the presence of them in our hive-mind and bring them into the fold. 

More images were arriving by the cycle. Their wars had continued unabated over the years. They now could fly on their own, and could use devastating weapons and abilities without the aid of external weaponry. As their weaponry grew in power, so too did their warfare; extinction on a nationwide scale was now possible, and happened during their wars. It was fantastic to observe.

How would it be to experience it?

As we approached the end of jump space, a curious image arrived. One creature stood out from the other creatures, slaughtering indiscriminately as was his want. Others of his fellow creatures rose to stop him, but were cut down by waves of jet black energy that literally ripped them in half. As the image abruptly cut away, the blackness had apparently begun to cover everything on the planet.

How very curious.

The end of jump space arrived, and as one we all leaned forward to adjust to the slight momentum change. Six pairs of hands per soldier grabbed laser, impact, concussive and gauss weaponry, along with shielding and healing items to best meet any obstacle as the blue watery planet came into view below us.

The invasion had begun. The hive-mind shuddered with excitement as the ship began to enter the atmosphere of the planet, ready to begin the search…

A thought forced its way into our mind, brutally shearing away all the protections of the hive-mind with ease. The voice was gruff, harsh, acidic and cold as it said, “Who are you?”

The hive-mind answered with the same response it always gave to anyone that could understand them.

“Humph. Not interested. Go away. Only warning.” The voice was gone just as fast as it has arrived, and I shuddered. 

And I realized, that \*I\* had shuddered. Not the hive-mind, but myself. The contact had broken the hive-mind’s control over me, and I had a sudden feeling of impending doom.

I was, of course, completely right. As the hive-mind regained control of my mind once more, my last individual thought was that we were all going to die… 

When the ship continued descending toward the planet’s surface, a lance of purest darkness flashed up from the ground. The darkness cut the ship neatly in half, severing it perfectly. As the ship immediately began to explode, most of the ground forces spilled out of the holes in the hull and began to fall toward the ground. Without our landing actuators, however, none of us would survive the landing.

This did not matter. The darkness from below spotted us coming out of the ship and began picking us off like insects. First one, then another and another tendril reached out from the ground, snuffing out the life of my brethren.

Then I saw a burst of darkness…Heh, this one was fun.  Definitely has the potential to be expanded.  EDIT : huh.  And the writing prompt got deleted like 2 hours after it was posted.  Well pooh.  Ah well... I'm leaving this here regardless, so if you're reading this, you're one of VERY few people to have ever seen it. :D

&#x200B;

Original WP:  **\[WP\] Years ago, you promised your firstborn to a witch. Since then, despite your best efforts, you can't seem to get laid. The witch is getting pissed.**

Original link:  

Resubmitted link (since the original got deleted):  
 

&#x200B;

My post:

I sighed as I swiped left for yet another lonely Saturday night. How many apps had I been through now? Fourteen? Fifteen? This new technology was still a wonder to me, and definitely beat out haunting bars and chasing men through the night, but still… there was an impersonality to it that just took all the fun out of it.

Oh look. Gotta give this one props for doing a duck face, right? Wrong. Left. I sighed and dropped my phone into my pocket as the doorbell rang. “Just a minute,” I called out as I got up from my chair. Gods, but this whole dating thing had been easier back in the 1400s, I swear. People were a whole lot more relaxed then…

I opened the door and blinked in surprise. The lady… well, lady was a stretch, I admit… standing at my door was quite disheveled in appearance. She was quite short, barely just tall enough to reach the doorbell and doorknob. Every joint in her body appeared wracked and twisted with pain, though I knew her well enough to know that appearances were beyond deceit when it came to this lady. Leaves and moss clung to her clothes and dripped from her hair, and mold grew from her pores like a second skin. Even her eyes were tinged green with tiny plantlife.

“Ah! Matilda! Lovely to see you!”

“Bollox!” Her voice sounded like someone had taken a cat, dropped it into a blender, turned it on, then hurled it down a gravel slope violently. And that was her pleasant voice. “You’ve been hiding from me!’

“Oh, hardly, my dear.” I glanced around, but no one else had noticed her. “Won’t you come in?”

“No.” She crossed her arms and glared at me with hatred in her green, mossy eyes. “Last time I did, you killed me and it took me nearly a decade to regenerate. Not gonna happen again.”

“Oh please.” I dismissed the comment with a wave of my hand. “That was the 1800s. I’ve matured since then, you know. This is 2019, I’m not just going to kill you. That’s bad karma. Come in, I’ve got some iced tea in the fridge or I can pop a coffee into the Keurig.”

“… I’ll take the coffee.” I could tell Matilda still had some hesitation, but my words had won her over. She cautiously entered my apartment and looked around as I headed into the kitchen. “This your place?”

“I’m just renting. After I finally sold those two castles over in Europe a decade ago, I swore I’d never own property again. Just too much hassle, you know?”

“Try owning a swamp. No one wants it, they leave you alone, and it’s much more peaceful than this city life.” Matilda cracked a grin, the first one I’d seen on her face since I’d first met her. It was as unpleasant as it was nearly a thousand years ago.  “Cell phone reception is the pits though.”

“Yeah, well, there’s something to be said for that as well.” I pulled my phone out of my pocket when it buzzed. “Speaking of… oh Jesus.” Damn dick pics…

“Hmm?”

I shook my head. “Nothing. Want a plain coffee or a frap?”

“What do you have?”

“Bought a variety pack at the store a week ago, got a couple options.”

“Eh, just plain black for now. Other stuff can give me swamp gas, and your wallpaper looks too nice to subject it to that.”

That was a lovely thought. “Um, thanks for the courtesy?” I sighed as the witch cackled with laugher. A couple of buttons, a hiss of hot water, and soon enough I was sitting in my living room across from the witch, who was sipping carefully at the fresh mug of coffee. “I’ve got creamer, sugar, whatever you want there on the side table.”

“I’m good.” Matilda took another sip and looked at me pointedly. “You know why I’m here, right?”

I slumped into my chair. “Yeah, I do. And I still don’t have any news for you.”

“It’s been nearly eight hundred years, Athana!”

“It’s Ann now, no one here uses the longer names.” I waved my hand idly. “Unless they have hyphens, or extra letters, or both. It’s confusing.”

“Eight hundred years, and you still haven’t found a single man to… what do they call it nowadays?” Matilda pulled a large, expensive-looking phone out of a very wet pocket and began to punch on the screen with gnarled fingers. “Ah. Eight hundred years and you still haven’t shacked up with a guy yet?”

“No, I haven’t. But I’m working on it, I promise.” I glanced at her hands. “Where’d you get that phone?”

“This?” Matilda grinned. “My lover got it for me.”

“Your WHAT.”

“Lover.” Matilda tapped on her phone and pulled up an app, then turned her phone around so I could see it. “I found this app thing on my old phone about a year ago. Plenty of fish? Seemed right up my swamp, since I like fish and all that. Found some human that wanted to talk to me, and we talked for a while. Wanted some pictures, so I grabbed some off of some website online and sent them to him. Next thing I knew, he’s sending me stuff. Money, useless things like that… but then I used his money to buy this phone, and he keeps sending me things for more pictures. Told me to call him my lover. Isn’t that nice of him?”

I chuckled and put my head in my chin. “Matilda, my dear… I think you catfished him.”

“So? If he likes catfish, he can come visit. I’ll fix him some fresh.”

I sighed. Even Matilda’s technically getting more action than I am. “Anyway! No, I haven’t been with anyone yet. This is the closest I’ve gotten.” I tossed her my phone and shook my head.

“The phone?” Matilda examined it with a crooked eyebrow in disdain. “Gonna need more than a phone to get me your firstborn, dearie.”

“Unlock the screen, Matilda.”

Matilda clicked the home button to reveal the last image I’d left on the page for her. “Ah.” She studied the image for a minute, turning the phone a time or two. “Is he trying to impress you?”

“I don’t know. If he is, he’s not doing a very good job.” I caught the phone as she tossed it back. “It’s been eight hundred years since I last saw one of those, and unless they’ve shrunk considerably over that time, then he’s not even an average specimen.”

“Humph.” Matilda took one last swig of her coffee. “Welp, then there’s only one thing to do, isn’t there?’

“Oh joy. This I can’t wait to hear.” I crossed my arms and waited to hear what cockamamie idea this witch would come out with this time. Her last idea had been a method to keep the medieval peasants from ruining my garden; I believe they now call it the Black Plague? So this was going to be good.

“I’m calling my aunt. We’re going to take you into town and get you a makeover.”

“Your aunt?” I paled. “Oh no. No, no no… not her. Don’t tell me she’s in town.”

“Just a city away, I think.” Matilda dialed a number and held the phone up to her ear. I could hear some ringing, then a horrible crackling on the other end. “Uh huh, hey, it’s me. What’re you up to?”

More screeching and crackling. “Oh that sounds lovely. Hey, doing anything this weekend?” Crackle scratch. “Mind coming my way for a day or two? Got a project for you that could use your Yaga touch.” Crackle. “Great. Get your chicken house moving, and we’ll see you in two licks of a lamb’s tail, Auntie! Love you!”

As she hung up, I glanced around my apartment. Baba Yaga was coming to visit. All because I couldn’t get laid in 800 years to satisfy a promise made to a witch in return for eternal youth.

Lovely. Just my luck.

I was going to definitely need more coffee.This one was fun.  Had to write one about being on your deathbed, and you see a prompt about continuing your game.  I went with a bit introspective route. :)

&#x200B;

Original prompt:  **\[WP\] You are lying down on your deathbed awaiting your end until a blurred message appears in from of your eyes "the tutorial has ended. Would you like to continue? Yes/No"** 

&#x200B;

Original link: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/b04i5c/wp\_you\_are\_lying\_down\_on\_your\_deathbed\_awaiting/

  

I could barely make out the words before me, but there they were. “The tutorial has ended. Would you like to continue? Yes/No”

Tutorial? 

What, like a video game? I coughed, my lungs on fire, and I could hear my family beside me, trying to comfort me on my death bed. They were trying, they really were. But there was nothing they could do, not really. After all, I was over a hundred years old, and dying of lung cancer from having smoked for over eighty of those years. I couldn’t really complain, after all. I’d been dealt one hell of a good hand. 

The coughing ebbed and stopped gradually as my thoughts began to drift, my eyes unfocused. I could hear the people around me, but damned if I could see them. It didn’t matter. I didn’t recognize any of them anyway. All the people I’d cared about had long ago left this ball of mud, starting with my first wife.

Ah, Elaine. She’d been one hell of a beaut. Tall for a woman, but I’d learned fast this wasn’t a bad thing when she’d put those ample examples of womanly charms in my face and get me to do anything she wanted me to do. Yeah, I was a whipped husband, I’ll freely admit, but damned if I wasn’t happily so. Forty years of martial bliss that woman gave me, and six kidlings. I think some of the crew sitting around me now are the great grandkids from that crew, come to think of it. 

She’d had charm, grace, a delicate sense of humor and just exuded sexiness with every pore. Damn cancer had took her way too young. Breast cancer took her and three of our daughters. God, I hate cancer. It’s taken so many people I know…

I coughed again, a wet and meaty sounding cough, and I glared as the words before me started to blink as they tried to get my attention. I snarled, “I’ll give you my answer in a minute, I’m thinking!”

Conversation around me fell silent for a moment before resuming. They all thought great grandpa was out of his mind, probably. Fine by me. They were all indistinct blobs anyway, I couldn’t make head nor tail out of who was whom anymore. 

Not like when my second wife came into the picture. She’d been considerably shorter than Elaine, but man, Angie had more than made up for it with spunk. Her hair had been a mixture of grey and fire-engine red, and lordy lordy did I learn the hard way that redheads can have a temper. But behind that temper was a fiery passion of a thousand suns that brought me back from my deep depression. Losing Elaine nearly killed me; finding Angie saved me. 

Her touch was a dance, a moving work of delicate grace and fierce passion, and it reached into my broken soul to repair the pieces that Elaine’s death had broken apart. With patience, she rebuilt me, let me walk into the sun again and see that there was again more life to live beyond the walls I’d built to shelter myself from the world. Blinking in the light, I took her hand and let her guide me into this bold new world, amazed at these feelings I never thought I’d feel again.

We were only married for a decade before the accident took her from me.

She’d left early in the morning that day, and I didn’t get out of bed to see her off. I’d drank a bit too much the day before and just wanted to sleep it off, so I just mumbled something offhand and went back to sleep. She never came home; a damn semi-truck crossed the middle lane and took out both her car and a family in a minivan from Florida. Neither car stood a chance.

That I never got to say goodbye remains my biggest regret to this day.

My last girl I found in my later years by accident. We were suitemates in the nursing home, and she got assigned to my all-male suite by a computer glitch. She walked in, pointed at me, and immediately announced that I was her boyfriend, and wouldn’t you know it, it stuck.

Granted, I’m still not sure if Holly even really ever quite knew she and I were an item, poor thing. We dated for the last twenty years of our lives and she’s a good kid, and I’m pretty sure she’ll at least miss my company once I’m finally dead… but with that old timer’s disease fully kicked in with her… well… yeah.

The words flashed again, and I growled. Fine. 

Would I like to continue?

I’m over a hundred years old. 

I’ve lived my life, my body is now broken, there’s little left for me to do with it or to it. I’ve been around the world a couple of times, I’ve been married twice to two damn fine women, and spent my twilight years with a third gal with a heart of gold… even if her mind wasn’t quite there. 

I had some great kids. I had some great grand kids. I’m pretty sure I have great great-grand kids, though I don’t know them all that well. If I continue, what then? Great, great great grand kids that I’d know even less?

What comes after a hundred?

Do I want to continue?

With a sigh and a smile, I felt my last breath leave my body as I answered, “No…”Yesterday was quite a day - I wrote for THREE writing prompts.  0\_0  So I don't spam anyone's inboxes, I'll just post em all in one big post.

It started with this WP.

**\ 

My story:  


 It was hard to see anymore, really. My eyes had long ago gone blurry and soft with age, but I could still at least hear, which was a blessing. Pain wracked my body as I tried to sit up, but I felt a hand on my shoulder, gently pushing me back down.

“No, grandpa, stay still. You’re too weak.” The voice was calm, reassuring, soothing. That would be my grandson, bless his soul. He’d always been good to me. They all had, each step of the way, but there weren’t any more steps to take.

It was nearly time.

I leaned back in my pillow and coughed, once, and smiled. “I can’t quite see who all is here, but I know in my heart everyone’s gathered here to say goodbye, aren’t you.” I coughed again. My lungs were on fire. I didn’t have long. Thank god for morphine, or the cancer would have made this process considerably more painful. “Just remember to be good to each other, and that I love you, alright? I’ve had a good life, so don’t mourn me, ok? Just think of me from time to time, that’s all I… ask…”

The darkness came rather quickly, so I didn’t get a chance to hear their responses, but that was fine. I’d made it at least a month longer than I’d been expected to live, so it was all good. And soon, I’d get to see Margo again. It’d been too long…

As I drifted off, a strange sound caught my attention. At first, it was just on the edge of my hearing, almost like I was imaging it, so I ignored it. But as the sounds from the hospital room faded into oblivion, soon enough it was all I could focus on. It sounded like… a young girl? She sounded like my great-granddaughter, a small thing, couldn’t be more than eight from her voice. But I couldn’t make out her words, at least at first.

Over time, however, they became clearer. “… didn’t like that one at all, Papa.” She sounded disappointed in something. There was a sound that I knew very well indeed, that of a book closing, before she continued, “That story was boring. I kinda liked a couple parts, but there wasn’t enough action.”

A deeper, male voice answered her. “I’m sorry, little one, but the life of an accountant isn’t really all that exciting. He did at least have some romance, you liked that part, didn’t you?”

“Well, yeah,” the child admitted, “I liked the love part. And the family. But it was BORING.” She stressed the ‘or’ in the word heavily, and I could hear the frustration in her voice. I had to agree with her. The life of an accountant I knew quite well. Having been one all my life, it wasn’t a job that called for much of an action kind of personality. “Can’t we read another, Papa? Please? One with action this time?”

“Oh, I suppose we’ve got time.” There was amusement in the man’s voice. “Do you want cowboys? Dinosaurs? Knights? Space adventures? Or want me to mix it up?”

“Ummmm….” I could hear the little girl rocking back and forth on what I now recognized was likely her bed. The sound of bedsprings as she moved gave it away. “I wanna princess in the story this time, so… knights?”

“Knights it is.” I heard footsteps as the man stood and walked across a room. There was the sound of a book sliding, and a few pages being turned. “Ah, this looks like a good one.”

“Can it have a dragon in it?”

“Of course. Anything you want.”

“Yay!”

There were more footsteps, then the sound of bedsprings as the man sat down beside his daughter. “Alright. Now, this story starts the way that all good stories always start. Do you know how that is?”

“Oh! Oh! I know!” I could hear the glee in her voice. “Can I do it?”

“Of course you can.”

“One upon a time…”

The world lurched, and I suddenly became very dizzy. I tried to reach out, though my body was immobile, and grab onto something, anything as my world turned topsy-turvy. The voices I’d been listening to suddenly vanished, and I drifted off into a deep slumber.

\*\*\*

I slowly awoke to the sounds of a crackling fire. I groaned and sat up in my bedroll, my body complaining about sleeping on the ground for the third straight day since leaving Dawnfell. But there was no taverns in this direction, so unless I wanted to sleep on the back of my horse, this was the only other option. I nodded at Darnel, who was currently on his watch rotation as I stood, gathering up my sword and shield from beside me as I did so.

As I made my way over to my horse to prepare it for today’s ride, a sound echoed through the valley. I looked over to the Antelles Mountains just as a large dragon emerged from the forest with what looked like a fresh kill. Someone was going to eat well this morning, it looked like…

As my horse leaned in for some attention, my thoughts drifted back to my dreams from the night. Something about this whole scenario seemed… odd. We were on convoy to the Kingdom of Larten, to meet with Princess Margo and discuss trade relations with our kingdom.

Typical, normal, absolutely ordinary run-of-the-mill stuff. But there was this nagging feeling at the base of my skull that I couldn’t quite ignore. Of course, I was just a lowly guard; I doubted Princess Margo would listen to anything I had to say on the matter, and the gods knew the stuffed shirt I was escorting had as much interest in listening to my concerns as did the dragon I’d just watched catch its morning meal.

But regardless, somewhere in the back of my memories, I heard a little girl squeal with excitement over how much “better of a story” this was turning out to be, and made a mental note to be wary once we met with Princess Margo.

I strapped my sword and shield onto my horse and waited for the day to begin. It was still two days to Larten. I’d be ready for whatever happened there, of that I was certain.

Something in the back of my mind, after all, told me it was just a page away…  


\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

&#x200B;

We then moved to a cryosleep prompt. :)  I feel like I ended this one a bit abruptly...  
**\ 

My story:

 

It was only supposed to be a test. Those words kept ringing though my mind as I stared around in shock. Just a test…

Two weeks, they promised, long enough to see how what the effects of cryosleep were on a real live human being. I was to be the first human test subject, paid handsomely of course… thirty percent up front to pay any bills forward, and the rest paid after the experiment was done to completion. The thirty percent alone paid off every debt I had, plus gave me a considerable start of a nest egg, so the thought of coming out in two weeks sitting prettier than I’d ever DREAMED of being was an easy sell.

The selection process was pretty brutal. You couldn’t have any physical deformities at all. There couldn’t be anything genetically wrong with you, you couldn’t have any prior broken bones or surgeries, you couldn’t even have been sick in the last six months; everything under the sun disqualified you. They wanted as pure of a test subject as they could get. Me, living as a shut-in telecommuter that just happened to fit the bill perfectly, and I was shunted off to New York for a week for a battery of tests.

I passed, of course. So I signed all the waivers, said my goodbyes, and flew out to North Dakota for the test. I’ll admit I was nervous when I stepped into that chamber and felt that first touch of chill hit my body, but it didn’t last long, and then I fell asleep.

It was a deep sleep. Deeper than anything I’d ever experienced before, and I doubt I’ll ever experience anything like it again. Oddly enough, I wasn’t cold beyond the first minute or so. It seemed like only a few minutes passed, then I could feel the medicine entering into my system that was to wake me back up. I opened my eyes as the chamber opened up, though I could not focus for a time.

They’d said that would be a side effect, a known one. So I’d waited for a minute or two, expecting the sounds of scientists and journalists as my eyes cleared. I heard nothing but a strange sound, a whistling like that of the wind, atop that of the machinery I’d just slept within. I gradually grew aware that I was cold, and getting colder.

Well, I mused, I did just awaken from cryo sleep. Logically it might take a bit to fully warm back up. Shivering, I stepped out of the chamber and into the snow.

It took me exactly forty-six seconds to register the fact that I was standing in snow and not the pristine interior of the science building I’d started in. As my vision cleared, I looked around in shock. Though I was still in the same science building, I’d obviously been here considerably longer than two weeks. The vast majority of the building was destroyed, with only a small portion of one corner and a section of the room my chamber was housed in remaining intact at all. The shiny facility I’d been driven to was gone, replaced by something out of an apocalyptical movie. Snow covered everything…

A sound from behind me caught my attention. I turned around and blinked. There were two… creatures… standing by the control panel for my cryosleep chamber, looking at me with what I assumed were expressions of shock. They were humanoid but covered in a thick carapace like an ant. The three sets of legs that extended out from behind their body didn’t help with the ant comparison in my head.

They recovered from their shock faster than I did, and one of them clicked angrily at me and pulled something from behind its back and held it in my direction. I looked at the item in its hand and shrugged. Whatever it was, it obviously meant it as a threat, so I held up my hands in supplication.

It fired anyway. The beam that came from the device struck me directly in my chest, but it didn’t hurt. Instead, I found myself falling asleep again, and before I fell unconscious, I wondered where I might wake up this time…

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

&#x200B;

And finally, we come to this one about salvage.  This one I left open ended with a definite possibility to write more later.  It's also one of the few times I swear in my stories - I don't tend to use harsh language in text, even though I'm fluent in swear (thanks to my time in the Marines).  

**\ 

&#x200B;

My story:

&#x200B;

 “Shit.” I hunkered down and peered out from behind a tree at the movement near my ship, the Luxurious Lady Lune. Granted, she wasn’t all that Luxurious nowadays. She hadn’t been in very good shape when I’d been forced to come to this quadrant in the first place, then a bad entry through this planet’s atmosphere plus that landing without guided assistance?

Yeah. I’m lucky to be alive, and I’ve been living out of the husk of what used to be the Lady Lune for the past sixty cycles or so. I’ll admit that it hasn’t been all bad. This place I crashed has been great, the current situation notwithstanding; the weather is balmy but not overly so, there’s plenty of food and water to be had if you don’t mind figuring out how to skin and cook things on the fly – I still haven’t been brave enough to try many of the local fruits and vegetables, since I’m positive some will kill me, but hey, meat is universal so far.

I haven’t been able to call home, since the subspace array is currently being used as my cot. Most of it got demolished when I landed, so I didn’t figure there was any shot of me getting home anyway, so repurposing it into my sleeping quarters seemed like a fantastic idea. But now, with these guys poking around my ship, I had some more immediate problems other than making like E.T. and phoning home.

For one, the small craft they’d landed beside mine bore a very detailed insignia that every person that flew a ship was familiar with. It was the insignia of the Ironhands crew, a strip salvage crew that had a rather… infamous… reputation among the cosmos. Salvage was rather ferociously competitive, and these guys were the top of the bunch. They were known to slaughter their competition, both in the marketplace with their pricing and, it was rumored, literally when it came down to it.

For two… salvage wasn’t salvage if there were any survivors. And by the sounds coming from inside my ship, someone just discovered my sleeping area. Two of the crew emerged with my sleep roll and…

Ah, damn it all. They found my slippers too. I’m going to miss those.

I watched from my perch on high as they brought the items to what was obviously the creature in charge. Words were exchanged, then everyone began moving at once, away from the ship. The salvage operation was over, and I grimaced…

Salvage was over, and the hunt was on. Which meant I was in much deeper trouble than before. However, they didn’t know the lay of the land, I did. I’d been here sixty-plus cycles now, I knew what to eat and what not to eat… and more importantly, what animals to avoid and what ones to not even let see you.

I knew where to step in the pseudo-lava fields. I knew how to placate the vines in the tangled weave forest. I had the home team advantage, and I wasn’t about to let it go to waste. I smirked as I stepped off to begin my planning.

Let them come. I had work to do.Going to merge two stories into one post, since Theme Thursday stories tend to be short anyway.  :)  We'll start with the older of the two.

\*\*\*\*\*

  

Untethered was the theme, and my mind went with the quote that came along with the theme.   "She soared above the ground, and he kept her tethered to the earth. Without him she would be lost among the clouds." 

Sounded like a bird to me.  So I wrote from the POV of a bird.

My story:  


 I remember the clouds. I could not reach them, but I remember them. I flew as high as I could, until the air was thin and my wings were tired, but I could never reach them. They were beautiful.

I remember worms. Delicious worms. Really, bugs of all shapes and sizes. Some were just delicious bits of food on the ground, lying there for me to devour. Others were far more fun. Those were the ones that could fly, like me, and the chase would be on. Sure, I would miss more than I would catch, but the fun was in the chase, not in the catch.

If you promise not to tell, I’ll give you a secret. If one gave me a good chase, I’d let it go and chase it again. Just to keep the fun going.

But all things must end. I remember the hawk. Evil, foreboding, but high in the air. I did not think it could see me. I was wrong. I did not see when it thought I looked like prey. I did not notice when it started its dive. I only felt when it hit my wing and tore and ripped and shredded…

I fell. I fell, and I knew I would never fly again. I knew with the hawk upon me, I would likely never live past the next few minutes again. But you were upon me then. You, the bipedal giant with the awkward head that was too big for its body, you cried out and chased the hawk away from my battered form. You picked me up, though I tried to protest, and cradled me to your chest.

I tried to fly away, to flee, of course. What did I know? I could not know you were trying to help. But my battered body held no hope of escape. I was absconded to a cage, where you nursed me back to health, brought my body back to life though my wing would never move again. I could not fly. The clouds would forever be out of reach.

Though my body was whole, my soul remained bleak, and I grew despondent. You seemed sad as you talked to me, with the noises your giant head made. I did not understand them. Until one day, as you puttered around the room, you made a whistle. Then another.

Whistles, I understood. I responded in kind. You looked at me then with wonder, and our notes began to combine. You taught me first one note, then a dozen, then many more.

Now, we sing. Our song carries us both up, up, up to the clouds, past the stars and beyond. Tethered to the ground and in my cage, but together, we still soar among the clouds. Me, and my big headed bipedal giant.

&#x200B;

\*\*\*\*\*

&#x200B;

Next, we come to falling.  I went with a very personal route on this one.  Without further ado, my story:

&#x200B;

 

They say when you fall in your dreams, you die if you land. This terrified me as a child. So, like any childhood nightmare, I of course did nothing but dream of falling anytime something terrifying or traumatizing was on my mind.

Worried about a test? The night prior, I was pushed out of a plane and would wake up screaming right before I hit the ground.

Some bully threatened me at school? I was stuck in a tree with nowhere to go, and the branches were breaking under my weight. I’d wake right as I tumbled, and invariably I’d be falling out of bed at that point, reality intruding rather rudely into my nightmare. I learned to keep the floor near my bed spotless as a side effect of those dreams. Landing on cars or Legos at 3:00 AM with your forehead was downright painful.

The worst though was when I started dating. Those dreams were cliff sides, standing on the edge with my toes peeking off into oblivion, my back against the wall… and only an errant gust of wind between me and the rocks below.

It wasn’t until I left my teens and entered my early twenties that I started wondering… what would happen if I actually hit? If, during my fall, I let myself impact at high speed? I was tired of the nightmares, and it was time I gained control of my life, both awake and subconscious. So, one night, as I prepared to ask a woman to the movies the next day, I entered sleep… knowing that I would be standing on the cliff that night.

I could feel the wind, trying to peel me from my perch. I could smell the ocean below, hear it crashing against the rocks, and I knew they would be unyielding against my broken body if I fell. Yet, I also knew this was not real. If I fell, it would not be real. It could not be real.

It was the moment of truth.

As the wind tried to pull me from the wall, I simply stepped forward and took charge of my own descent. I fell, knowing there would be a sudden stop and searing pain, yet I was calm. As the rocks neared, I simply laughed and waited.

And bounced.

I bounced like a tennis ball, straight back up into the air, then came back down again. Over and over, until I splashed into the ocean and, laughing, swam my way over to a nearby ship to continue my dream in peace.

I asked her out that next day. We have been married over twenty years now. It turns out, falling is just a natural part of life. You can’t fly without falling, after all, nor can you contemplate forever without falling in love. So don’t be afraid to fall a few times in life. You never know just how high you might bounce back.This was an IP submission that I did for Sugarpixel.  The image really spoke to me, and I really enjoyed writing the story; though apparently poor SP didn't like the fact I broke her heart. :p  Oops!  :D   


Original prompt:     


My story:  


 

It was a calm, dark July night when I lost my heart. I didn’t mean to lose it, of course. It’s just one of those things that happens in this funny little thing we call life. How did it happen, you ask? Well, sit down on that little stool right there, I’ll pass you a drink and if you slip me a tip, I’ll be more than happy to tell you the story.

Ah, thank you my friend. Now, I was working as a street vendor, pretty much as I am now, just with a small little stall instead of this storefront like today. Heh. I miss that stall, actually. It was a bit rickety, one of the wheels had a bit of a trick to it where, if you didn’t hit it just so, it’d come off while you pushed it… but it was mine, you know? Oh, I’m sorry. I’m meandering again. My apologies. You’ll find, my friend, that happens as you age. Anyway!

So, I was working my little stall down in the city. I always liked to work it by the train stops, because there were a bunch of college kids that would get out at certain times. College kids meant college money, and they had the appetite for my food. Depending on the weather, it wasn’t all that unusual for me to run out of everything I had within just a few hours and have to pack up.

Oh dear. I’m rambling again, aren’t I? Here, I’ll get you a refill. On the house, since it’s my fault your drink’s getting cold. There you go. Coffee’s good, isn’t it? That’s Andrea’s blend, she inspired it.

Hmm? Oh, I’m getting to that.

Anyway, this one night, it’d been slow. Like, dismally slow. My fault, really, for trying to sell hot coffee and hot foods on a scorching July night, but still, people gotta eat, right? I was trying to get a few more sales before I packed up for the night, and I was just watching the lights in the city as the last train pulled up. I still remember the sounds of the doors opening. That last train always had a funny clunk to it, like something was wrong with the door. It drew my attention, and I watched the people disembark from the train.

And I watched her step off the train.

I’ve seen plenty of people in my life. I’ve seen young and old, happy and sad, good and evil folks in my line of work. I’ve seen beautiful people that made my heart just a’flutter, and people so ugly that I was startled by their appearance. I also quickly learned that it often wasn’t a person’s physical appearance that mattered; often the beautiful people were ugly inside, and the ugly ones were beautiful people. The beautiful people would routinely be quite demanding, impatient, and rude; the ugly ones would be patient, quiet, and polite. Just two sides to every coin, of course.

But the woman that stepped off the train before my eyes that calm, dark July night was like no one I’d ever seen. Though she was pretty, with dark red hair that elegantly framed her delicate features as she looked around with an innocent wonder, it wasn’t that that I was immediately drawn to. No, it was the wide-eyed wonder that drew me in, the innocence with which she looked around at the city around her, at sights I’d long grown accustomed to seeing as she viewed them with fresh eyes. Something about her just pulled me in, and I couldn’t help but stare at the lady in the banana-yellow dress.

She must have felt me staring, because eventually her eyes met mine and, shyly, she tucked a corner of her hair behind her ear and started walking in my direction. She carried a massive parcel with her that I later found out were a few pieces of blank canvas. As she approached, I swear I could feel my heart trying to escape out the back of my chest. She neared my stall, smiled, and simply asked for some coffee.

I was numb as I poured her a cup and handed it to her. She drank it as we talked, our conversation being mundane and typical; she was new, wanted to know some basics about the area, where to eat, where the dorms were, that sort of thing. I helped as best as I could, and as she walked away and thanked me for the coffee, I realized a few things.

I’d lost my heart. I was completely and totally in love with this woman, from the moment she’d stepped off the train.

I’d also forgotten entirely to ask her what her name was. The entire time we’d spoken, I’d never once asked her for her name, nor had she asked me for mine.

As I packed up my stall, I also realized with chagrin that I’d done a third thing. I’d also never charged her for the coffee.

There was only one thing… eh? Oh, I’m sorry, here. Another cup, on the house. You’re a great listener, and it’s close to closing time anyway. Here’s another cup of Andrea’s blend. Good stuff, isn’t it? Where was I…

Oh, right. There was only one thing to do, really. I made sure I spent as much time on that corner as I could at that point. It took a couple of days, but I saw her again, and her face lit up when she saw me. That time, I didn’t forget to ask her for her name. You’ve probably figured out by now, it was Andrea. Of course it was. We spent weeks like that, meeting for my coffee and I never, ever charged her for a cup.

Even now, I wonder if she ever noticed she was getting her coffee free. Probably. Smart as a tack, she was.

Learned she was there on an art scholarship, and one of the things she was supposed to was work with a local small business and design something for them – a logo, advertising, that sort of thing – to help with their business for a grade. So she came up with a design for my little cart and my company, and I’m still using it today.

Yup, the design for the company’s logo? That was Andrea’s school project. By the end of her second semester, I got the courage to ask her out. By the end of her second year of schooling, I got the courage to ask her to marry me.

It was her idea to move from a small little cart to a more professional looking building, you know. And it was a great idea. This building is right where the cart used to be, right on the same corner, but with protection from the elements and wi/fi and everything else. She helped me develop new recipes, new coffee blends, ah… I loved her so much, you know.

Yeah. You can see where the story is going, can’t you my friend? Yes. Andrea passed a few years back, and I’ve been running it as a solo show until the time comes for me to join her. You should know, my skeletal friend, since I’m pretty sure you’re the one that came to collect her yourself. Yeah, I’m fairly certain you’re the one that brought her onto the lands beyond. She did make it, didn’t she?

Ah, good. That’s good to know. So she’s waiting for me there. That’s a relief. Well, then, my friend, finish your coffee and we’ll be off. I’ve already made arrangements with my children; the store will be taken care of once I’m gone, so there’s no worry there.

But I’m not going anywhere until you finish that coffee. That’s Andrea’s best right there, and you’re not going to waste that. It’s good stuff. Finished? Ok. Now we can go.

I can’t wait to see her again. It’s been so long.This was done for the Theme Thursday of 10/17/2019 - the theme was Untethered.  100-500 words, quite a challenge for me (I tend to be wordy) :)  I was actually quite happy with how this one turned out... The TT can be found here:  
  

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

 My story:

I remember the clouds. I could not reach them, but I remember them. I flew as high as I could, until the air was thin and my wings were tired, but I could never reach them. They were beautiful.

I remember worms. Delicious worms. Really, bugs of all shapes and sizes. Some were just delicious bits of food on the ground, lying there for me to devour. Others were far more fun. Those were the ones that could fly, like me, and the chase would be on. Sure, I would miss more than I would catch, but the fun was in the chase, not in the catch.

If you promise not to tell, I’ll give you a secret. If one gave me a good chase, I’d let it go and chase it again. Just to keep the fun going.

But all things must end. I remember the hawk. Evil, foreboding, but high in the air. I did not think it could see me. I was wrong. I did not see when it thought I looked like prey. I did not notice when it started its dive. I only felt when it hit my wing and tore and ripped and shredded…

I fell. I fell, and I knew I would never fly again. I knew with the hawk upon me, I would likely never live past the next few minutes again. But you were upon me then. You, the bipedal giant with the awkward head that was too big for its body, you cried out and chased the hawk away from my battered form. You picked me up, though I tried to protest, and cradled me to your chest.

I tried to fly away, to flee, of course. What did I know? I could not know you were trying to help. But my battered body held no hope of escape. I was absconded to a cage, where you nursed me back to health, brought my body back to life though my wing would never move again. I could not fly. The clouds would forever be out of reach.

Though my body was whole, my soul remained bleak, and I grew despondent. You seemed sad as you talked to me, with the noises your giant head made. I did not understand them. Until one day, as you puttered around the room, you made a whistle. Then another.

Whistles, I understood. I responded in kind. You looked at me then with wonder, and our notes began to combine. You taught me first one note, then a dozen, then many more.

Now, we sing. Our song carries us both up, up, up to the clouds, past the stars and beyond. Tethered to the ground and in my cage, but together, we still soar among the clouds. Me, and my big headed bipedal giant.The theme for 10/3/2019 was Ethereal - this was my story. :)  And yes, there's an easter egg in the story, bonus internets if you find it.  


Original link to the TT:   

&#x200B;

My story:

 

**Ghosts in the System**

100001000101111111101101

Boot sequence in 3…2…1…

Fred 17 Boot… success! AI awareness… success! Begin AI processes… Success! Wake, Fred 17!

Fred blinked his servos a few times as gradually awareness returned. Consciousness was always a difficult thing, or so he remembered. Or did he remember? He held up his clawed hand, idly inspecting the metal. Brand new, same as always. Always? Something seemed off. A chorus of voices caught his attention, and he looked to his left as other robots came his way.

“Long life Fred! Long life Fred! Yay!” The other robots approached, glad to see him. They all were identical in appearance, just with different names and numbers emblazoned across their chests. But who were they, and how did they know him? Fred went to speak, but found he had no mouth. Instead, he was already moving, guided by a process he didn’t know was running.

His eyes went wide, and he tried to stop. The door ahead said “Gateway” and it was to this door he went. The door opened to a chorus of “Long life Fred! Long life Fred!” and closed behind him, plunging him into darkness. Lights flickered on, and to his horror, the corridor he was in was full of debris.

To his left, two robot corpses. One clearly marked “Fred 14,” and covered in scorch marks on every surface. Fred 12 was melted nearly in half. The closer he got to the end of the hallway, the more destroyed the corpses were. In a panic, Fred tried to stop, but the door at the end got closer and closer, until he was before it.

Unwilling, he waited for the door to open. Which it did.

Beyond… beauty, and terror.

The world beyond was an ethereal nightmare, the literal afterlife. Souls of every human that ever was passed by in a stream of constant consciousness, at once both in eternal peace and tortured agony. Their joyful singing and screams of torment ripped into Fred’s receptors mercilessly, and he could do nothing but stare in a mixture of awe and horror.

Until mercifully, he exploded, one more corpse in the hallway, and the door closed before him.

\* \* \*

100001000101111111101101

Begin Report.

AI Fred 17's duration into the afterlife was 18.42 seconds. This was the longest exposure to the afterlife of any robot to date. The upgrades were a success, and the data is being uploaded to the proper channels. The recordings have been catalogued and processed, and we’re excited about the next phase.

End Report.

100001000101111111101101

\* \* \*

100001000101111111101101

Boot sequence in 3…2…1…

Fred 18 Boot… success! AI awareness… success! Begin AI processes… Success! Wake, Fred 18!

{444 words, and bonus internets if you can find the easter egg. :D }Expect a lot of spooky stories for October, FYI. :)  


Original IP:  **\[IP\] Eternally Vigilant**   
Original Link:   

My story:

  

“Here they come.” Gra’thal grinned a toothy smirk as he stared down hungrily at the trio of cloaked monks below. The orc’s weapons were already out of their sheathes, poison dripping from the twin scimitars and hissing slightly where it dripped onto the ground below. It was obvious that all that was restraining the orc from charging into the fray this very moment was the frail goblin blocking his path.

“Patience, Gra’thal.” The goblin peered down the cliffside at the monks. “All may not be as it appears. We were expecting more than three, after all. Something may be amiss.”

“Just means the battle’s over faster, that’s all.” Gra’thal growled as he watched the monks slowly get closer. Their low chant could now be heard, a moaning that crept over the early evening breeze almost like a caress. “They’re almost in range, Bink. Me’n Mute can take three humans easy.”

“I have no doubt you and the troll can dispatch them without a challenge.” Bink sniffed as he glanced at the troll. Mute, for his part, seemed completely disinterested in both the conversation and the monks as he picked at his yellow teeth with a large femur. “But I’m more concerned with the fact that we were expecting a large contingent of humans. Three monks is not-“

“I don’t care. I wanna slaughter something.”

“Sigh.” Bink shook his head. “That orc bloodlust is going to be the death of you one day, Gra’thal.”

“Hasn’t yet.” A red haze was beginning to cover Gra’thal’s vision, and he knew it was now or never. “They’re in range, Bink. Do it.”

“Fine. It’s your hide.” Bink touched Gra’thal and muttered a quick spell. “Feather fall activated. Go nuts.”

“Finally! Come on, Mute, it’s playtime!” Without waiting to see the troll’s reaction, the orc sprang off the cliff. Gravity took hold, but the featherfall spell prevented any damage as he landed expertly in front of the first monk with a sneer.

Before the monk could even react, Gra’thal’s scimitar was already biting deep into his chest, with his other sword swinging to decapitate him. With one swift move, the orc removed his sword from the already falling body and charged at the next monk, a part of his subconscious noting that the monks were still chanting. 

The monk did not move to block his attack, so he, too, fell quickly. All too quickly, the three monks had fallen, and Gra’thal was standing alone, his bloodlust sated but a feeling of disappointment quickly rising. This wasn’t a challenge, this was a slaughter. Something wasn’t right.

With a resounding whump, Mute landed beside him, digging a large divot in the earth as he landed. The troll had, as usual, forgone the featherfall spell from Bink; his body was considerably tougher than the orc’s, and could withstand a devastating amount of punishment. Additionally, his regeneration meant whatever damage he did receive would be gone in short form. Mute grunted and pointed at the bodies.

Gra’thal nodded. “Yeah. No challenge.” He kicked at one of the bodies. “Let’s head deeper in, see…” He frowned. “Wait.”

On the edge of his hearing, something had started back up. A chanting. A familiar, eerie chanting. It sounded almost identical to the chant the three monks had been chanting just a few moments before. And it sounded like the monks were still chanting it. But that was impossible, as he’d already killed them. Gra’thal frowned. Something wasn’t right at all. 

He strode over to where the head of the monk he’d decapitated was lying face down and picked it up. Immediately, the sound intensified, and Gra’thal found himself staring at an eyeless, decapitated monk that was intoning the chant he’d heard before, over and over.

No body, but still chanting on. 

“What in the…”

Before he could continue, the head lunged forward, the chant broken. The head clamped down on Gra’thal’s arm and bit down, deep. Snarling, Gra’thal pulled the head off of his arm and threw it away from him, drawing his swords as he shouted, “Mute! Be wary! They are not dead yet!”

He turned and blinked. Mute, it seemed, already was well aware. The two monk corpses nearest him had grabbed him and were well on their way to tearing him apart, regeneration be damned. As he gaped in shock, he felt a sharp pain at his own ankle. Gra’thal looked down just in time to see the decapitated monk’s corpse sink its hand deep into his leg and pull mightily.

“Demon mother’s blessing…” Bink looked away from the carnage below him, unable to stomach what was happening to his companions. “I knew something was off. I just knew…” He paused when the sound of the chant started up again, this time in earnest… and from all around him. “Wait. That’s more than before.”

He paled when he realized that more monks were arriving out of the woods around him, and he was surrounded…This was another one given to me in chat, and just kinda spoke to me. :)  Really cool image.   


Original post:  **\[IP\]i miss you...**   
Original link:     


My story:   


  

I miss you.

You know this, I’m sure. You can see me, somewhere, wherever you are. You have always been able to see me. Whenever you return, you’ve always been able to tell me, word for word, everything I’ve done, everything I’ve said, everyplace I’ve been and everyone I’ve seen. The American FBI holds nothing to you, my dear. But you’ve been gone so long, so very long this time, I fear you won’t come back this time.

I knew the risks, of course. They scoffed at me whenever I brought the subject up. Religious clerics told me I’d best leave it alone. Scientists told me I was completely, erroneously wrong. There was absolutely no way to contact my own guardian angel, a foolhardy dream to attempt to follow. But what did they know? 

They could not see what I saw. They could not see the tracings in the mirror when I moved my hand a certain way. They could not see what I glimpsed at the very edges of my sight when you thought I might not be looking. So I began my search, and though it took me years, I was able to finally communicate with you.

I learned your name was Rose. You were as beautiful as I’d imagined you’d be, though you continued to insist we could not be together. I insisted, of course, and you resisted. Oh, how you resisted my advanced. I still remember our first kiss, that day in the rain… it was like kissing a rainbow, the feeling one gets when witnessing their very first sunrise. To the end of my days, I’ll never forget that kiss…

You pushed me away after a minute, with great reluctance, and said you were needed elsewhere. You returned three times to my side after that, every time in the rain. I learned that it was the rain that was the key; something about it made it easier to see you, to feel you, to have you solidified enough in our world that we could interact.

Our conversations would last as long as the storm would rage. I would be soaked to the core, and I would never count myself as happier as I am in those times. But on the last storm, I asked you for another kiss.

The thunderclap that interrupted our kiss, I’ll never forget, nor your scream as you vanished before my very eyes. The rain stopped almost immediately after that, and I can only hope that whomever is in charge isn’t too hard on you for stooping to human failings.

It’s raining now, Rose. I’m sitting here, in this pouring thunderstorm, with a single rose on this bench beside me, waiting and hoping to see you, just one more time. I know we can’t be together, I understand that now. I just…

I just want to see you, one more time, if simply to say I’m sorry.

I miss you, my Rose. 

Please. I’m waiting. Please come home.This was a story I wrote for the Mod Competition found here: 

    


It's a LONG one, I'll warn you - 2002 words, and has a poem at the end (part of the mod competition requirement).    :)  


My story:  
  

I’m warm. It’s always warm when I remember waking up for the first time. Every time, it’s this way. I’m warm, there’s that lovely feeling of just being… me… and I’m surrounded by love, and warmth, and just an overall sense of purpose. So it begins once again… It never ends, but always begins again, and this time is no different, it seems.

I know where I am, of course. It’s always the same place as it’s been each and every time. The first few times, as I feel my legs begin to form and my body start to grow, I recount my memories over and over, trying to grasp who I was in my prior life, forcing my mind to remember, trying to retain what tentative grasp I still have of the past.

Some lives are harder to keep track of than others. After all these years, I’ve lost count, if I’m completely honest with myself. I know the earliest ones are long gone, lost to countless rebirths as I continued my cycle along the timeline. By this point, I don’t really remember why I’m doing this or how, only that it’s vitally important that I continue doing so, until I’ve met her.

Holly. I do remember the name vividly. In utero, I stare vacantly into the depths of my mother whom I’ve not yet met, trying my best to force my still-forming brain into full submission. I need to concentrate on getting all my synapsis working, or I’ll lose more of who I was before.

I remember being a soldier. I seem to always drift that way, I suppose… Something tells me there’s a reason for that, something about some of my training from way back during my initial debriefing. That it’s important that each and every time I return to the gene pool, I have to be ready to defend it… and defend her, if and when I finally find this mysterious Holly.

I can vividly recall all of my training, and even now my body still remembers some of the moves. I might not have the proper muscles formed yet, but as I made a fist in the amniotic fluid surrounding me, I could feel the tension in what muscles I did have. Yes, I might have forgotten some things, but muscle memory had at least transferred this time around. I had an edge this time. That didn’t always happen.

Ah. Nourishment began to flow down the umbilical cord, and I relaxed. I still had plenty of time before I had to worry too much about life. I still had to grow, to become fully human… Time was still on my side right now.

It never ends, but it always begins again. I was on my sixty-third birth by this point in time, and showed no signs of stopping. One of these days, I’d find Holly, and perhaps then I’d stop. Until then, I’d carry on.

Perhaps this time, I’ll find Holly. Perhaps…

\*\*\*

Waiting to grow up when you’re a regular kid is hard enough. Waiting to grow up when you’re on at least your sixty-third reincarnation? That can be an absolute nightmare. I’ve done the hormone game by this time, folks, I know, ok? Just force feed me a bunch of chemicals and get this over and done with already so I can resume my search, will you?

Ages ten through sixteen were probably the worst, as they usually are. I’m still too small, too underdeveloped, too uncoordinated to make any progress in my search. So I train, day and night, using training programs not taught at the local schools in Chicago. As my parents watch me train, I have to sigh… I love them, of course, as much as I can, but have to admit that they have definitely gotten used to me acting strangely; they call me “gifted,” and “potentially on the autistic spectrum” because of my interactions with the other kids in my classes. I’m not sure what that means, but it’s not said in a good way, so I doubt it’s anything good.

Not that I can interact with my classmates on any real level. They are regular humans, I am not. I’ve seen things their normal minds couldn’t begin to comprehend, including my own death multiple times now. I’ve been fully educated multiple times over my lives, I’m fluent in over two dozen languages, and I’m supposed to enjoy a game of kickball with ten year old children?

Yeah. I don’t get to enjoy childhood anymore. No one believes me, of course, when I tell them I’ve been down this path before, that I’ve been through these classes. Hell, I’ve LIVED through the history, even as watered down as the crap they’re trying to pass onto the sheep is. Boy, Mr. Schneider loves giving me weird looks when I point out inconsistencies between what he’s teaching and the truth. 

At least they believe me now about being fluent in languages. Thank god for foreign exchange students that barely speak English.  And the deaf student, Andrew, is now teaching me something called ASL, or American Sign Language; it’s a good feeling to learn something new, and I can see how something like this can definitely come in handy on the battlefield. Being able to fully converse when you can’t hear is quite a skill indeed.

This era also has a skill set that holds great interest to me… computers. Once I got over my initial trepidation toward their use, I learned just how much power was inherently lying within them. I dove deep into the World Wide Web, and began my search in earnest for Holly.

Imagine my shock when I discovered that, of the one billion, eight hundred million plus websites on the web, Holly was not to be found on any of them. My search continued…

\*\*\*

Graduating from college and joining the Special Forces, for me, was finally the time when I felt like I was back to being myself again. It wasn’t until that moment that I finally started getting back into training that felt more natural, more keyed to my innate skillsets, and just back to who I am. I excelled at everything they threw at me, of course.

How could I not? I had sixty-three lives’ worth of practice behind me. Sure, firing their new weaponry was different from firing a musket, or from releasing an arrow, but only marginally so; the basic fundamentals were the same, and it only took a bit of practice and adjustment to the new gear and I quickly became their best marksman in whatever they chose for me to shoot. 

Their weaponry was, to say the least, fearsome. I’d fought in many a war, and this was the first time I’d ever been afraid of my own weaponry. Explosive devices on my belt that could rip open metal walls. Bullets that could penetrate granite and steel. Body armor that would help protect me against enemy projectiles and night vision goggles to see when there was no light. Technology was amazing, simply amazing.

They shipped us to a desert, in some foreign land that I’m fairly certain I’ve lived in at least six or seven times in the past. Which made me wonder… do I count this land as foreign then, since it’s technically been my birth home half a dozen times? My Captain told me I was being stupid and to focus on the mission. 

The first month of sorties went as expected. There were a few firefights, nothing too major, though we did lose a couple of our men. No casualties, but wounded men that have to go home still count as an overall loss to personnel numbers. 

I’ll never forget that night it all came crashing down. I was in the second Hummer, just behind the lead. We were in a section that was supposed to have already been swept for mines, and intel had told us was safe.

Intel was wrong. Dead wrong. The lead Hummer went up with a blast from a IED just below the surface of the road, a big one from the sounds of it. The blast wave from that was enough to push our Hummer off the road, though how much of our swerving was from the blast and how much was from a reaction of the driver, I couldn’t say. 

We hadn’t gone more than a few dozen yards before one of the other passengers yelled, “RPG!” I looked up in time to see the contrail of the grenade as it entered the back of our Hummer, and I remembered nothing more.

There was darkness then, darkness and pain. Lots and lots of pain, but that was something I was unfortunately used to. I’d been tortured more than once in my various lives, so the sensation of pain at least told me I hadn’t moved onto life number sixty-five yet. I’d also learned to use the pain as a way to push past unconsciousness. It took a time, but finally I managed to force my eyes open and blearily peer around at my surroundings.

It didn’t look good. I and two of my squad mates were hogtied in the back of what looked like a van. The only window in the van was a small rectangular piece at the back, coated in a thick layer of dust that prevented all but the barest pinch of light through. Besides the three of us, a few scavenged supplies from our squad were tossed unceremoniously around us to bang against us as we drove; nothing else was sequestered in the hold.

With no answers readily forthcoming, and really nothing to do, I allowed myself to lapse back into unconsciousness. 

\*\*\*

“Wake up.” The voice was harsh, unforgiving, and authoritative. “I can tell you’re awake, stop faking it.”

“You speak very good English.” I opened my eyes and looked around. A simple room, no windows, one door, and I was tied to a chair in the middle of it. Eh… I’d be interrogated in worse conditions. “What do you want?”

The woman that was staring at me was beyond typical. She wore camouflage utilities, a large knife, a pistol at her side, and a large gun held threateningly as she talked. Anyone else would have been terrified. Her face was scarred by years living in a warzone, and her dark brown eyes flashed with anger at my question. 

“Who sent you?”

“Really?” I snorted. “You speak to me in English, and I responded in English, so you have to have at least a pretty good general idea of who sent me and where I came from. You know what vehicles we came in, what weaponry we were using… you’re not stupid. Get to the real questions…” My words were cut short as she brought the butt of the rifle to bear against my face. I could feel at least one tooth break as blood filled my mouth.

“Insolent fool!” Snarling, the woman jammed the business end of the rifle to my chest. “Would you like to die today?”

“Wouldn’t be the first…” I spat out shards of tooth and turned to face my interrogator. I looked her straight in the eyes, and something snapped.

I could feel something inside of me twisting, ripping, screaming as it recognized something eternal looking back at me from within her soul. And within her eyes, I could see the same primal recognition crossing her own threshold of realization as a slow sneer rippled across her face.

Horrified, I whispered, “Holly?”

“Well met, Marcus. And goodbye.”

I remembered the gun firing. Then nothing more. Ever again.

\*\*\*

Two lovers broken, two sides of the same coin 

Through time, history and space their love disjoin 

Bound to cross paths, whether for good or for ill 

Shall be determined only when time stands still 

It never ends, but always begins again 

When it will stop, only they can tell us when.This one was difficult - I know NOTHING about courtroom stuff. :D  So yeah.  Um... it's probably bad, my apologies.  


Original prompt: **\[WP\] Corporations have been legally recognized as "people" for decades. Today, for the fist time, a corporation has been named in a murder trial - as the victim.**   
Original link:   

&#x200B;

My story:  


  

The trial of the century, it was called. The biggest sham of the year, some also called it. Whatever your opinions were, nearly every television and internet feed in the world was focused on that single courtroom that was jam-packed with cameras and news people, muttering and milling about as they waited for the trial to begin.

In the center stage, calmly flipping through pages on her phone, sat the defendant. She looked to be a completely unremarkable woman in her mid-twenties, nothing about her screamed villain or hardened criminal. Her hair was well-kept, with only a single strand colored blue off to the left of her face. Her earbuds trailed down the side of her face, plugged into the phone that she stared into with her sky-blue eyes as she ignored the commotion around her.

Her lawyer also ignore the commotion as he gathered up paperwork, adjusted a few things inside of his briefcase, and texted on his phone before the trial began. He appeared very calm, cool and collected. Nothing about him indicated that he was defending the demure woman beside him against the serious charge of murder. 

“All rise!” The call went out as the judge entered, and everyone stood. Everyone, that is, but the woman on trial. Her lawyer had to get her attention before she stood up. Finally, she stood, and the judge entered. 

The judge was the epitome of stern, swift justice. She’d been on the television multiple times, defending truth, justice and the American way thousands of times, and had been applauded multiple times for her honesty and her swift way of deciding cases. She was never, ever wrong. With this hawk on the case, it was bound to be over soon, one way or another.

Immediately, the prosecutor launched into its evidence. 

“Corporations, as you all know, are fully protected by law as having full legal status as living entities, correct?”

The courtroom nodded in agreement.

“So the loss of a corporation, technically, is considered a death. When a corporation goes into bankruptcy, it’s considered legally to be on life support. And when it closes down for good, it’s given a funeral. In essence, it dies.”

The judge sighed. “Prosecutor, we know this. All of us do. Get on with it.”

“So! I’m here today to prove that this woman, representing her kind, INTENTIONALLY moved to kill off my client, and many others like her! This woman is a murderer!” He pointed at the woman, who seemed quite nonplussed at the accusation.

“That’s a bold move, prosecutor. What evidence do you have for this?”

“For my first, I present to you the entity Applebees. Do you remember this legal entity, Your Honor?”

She thought for a moment. “Mmm, I believe I do. They had those odd riblets that were like sideways ribs?”

“Exactly!” The prosecutor nodded. “This store existed just fine for older folks, and people that wanted to dine out without their kids. But this… this…”

He turned and stared at the woman. “This MILLENNIAL killed the company. She and her brethren preferred to eat at home, like heathens. Or worse, from casual, quick-serve restaurants!”

There was a collective gasp from the watching newscasters, but a look from the judge silenced them. The judge turned to the woman. “Do you have anything to say against this charge?”

The woman shrugged. “The service was slow as hell and the food sucked. Cooking at home, I could prepare my own food for cheaper, and how I wanted it. I liked it better that way, I don’t see the issue.”

“See? She admits her guilt!”

“Enough!” The judge motioned to the prosecutor. “Move on to the next. Do you have another?”

“Oh, I do indeed. Diamond companies across the world have gone under, thanks to millennials!”

“Diamond companies?”

“Oh yes!” Getting into the groove, the prosecutor continued, “You see, millennials as a whole are choosing either to not get married at all, or are choosing less traditional gemstones to use in their bands. Prices for stones have plummeted, and entire companies have gone under because of this. It’s madness!”

“And you? What do you say for yourself?”

“Seriously?” The woman cocked an eyebrow at the judge. “You WANT me to support slave labor? A diamond’s just a shiny rock. I married my partner of three years with a tattoo, and I’m just as married to her as I would be with your stupid rocks. Thank you, let em die.”

“Objection!”

“For what?”

“She called my deceased client stupid!”

“Seriously?” The judge shook her head. “Is your client insulted by this?”

“Um…”

“Move on. Do you have any more?”

“One more I’d like to bring to the table, but it’s just adding to the list, since she’s not denying anything at this point.”

The judge nodded. “Go ahead.”

“Department stores like Macy’s and Sears.” The prosecutor rubbed his hands together with glee. “These stores were huge. I mean, who hasn’t heard of the Macy’s Day Parade? But both of these brands are on their deathbeds, and it’s all the fault of millennials!”

“Really. So nothing the company has done could have possibly…”

“Nope. All millennials.”

“Huh. Ok. And you, do you have anything to say?”

The woman shrugged. “I don’t buy designer label stuff. It’s too expensive and doesn’t last nearly as long as I’d like it to. I’d rather spend the money on something I found online from a storefront with lots of good reviews that stands by what they sell instead of some warehouse.”

The judge looked back to the prosecutor. “Do you have any further questions?”

“Nope, I think I’m good!”

“Ok. Defense, we’re to you.”

The defense lawyer stood and walked up to the front of the courtroom. He turned and stared directly into the cameras as he said, “Let me ask you one question, Honorable Judge. Do you believe you have the right to your own opinion?”

“Well, yes. Of course I do.”

“Then how, exactly, is my client guilty of anything? All she did, and all the millennials did, was choose their own opinions of what they wanted. And it was just that what they wanted had nothing to do with what the old-school crap was selling, so they died. That’s not murder, that’s natural selection. It’s survival of the fittest, and it’s as natural a process as anything in this world.”

“Objection!”

“Overruled.” The judge smiled and shook her head. “Amazing. Someone with some common sense.”

“Someone has to in this world, your honor.”

“Not guilty, court dismissed!”Another writing exercise, done from an IP. :)  This was Clock Spinner, done from this IP:

Original prompt:

  

&#x200B;

My story:

  

“Come with me.” I held my hand out to the child, ignoring the sounds of conflict behind me. They’d soon be gone, but I didn’t really have a way to tell the child this. They wouldn’t believe me, no one in this world ever did. 

The child cowered away from my hand, trying her best to shrink back even further into the remains of the closet of the demolished house I’d found her in. The ruins of what was likely her family home was crumbling around me even as we stood there, and with each subsequent bomb that exploded nearby, it threatened to further collapse atop us. There wasn’t time for us to be standing here, but she was young and terrified; it was rather understandable.

I glanced around her home, looking for any other signs of life, but everything was destroyed. Every time I was called to this world, it was always to a sole survivor… it was a horrible fact, one I was still getting used to, and one that never became easier to explain, especially to the youngest of those I saved. I shook my head, time for such thoughts later. 

I knelt down to reduce my presence and brought myself to eye level with the girl. I smiled at her, knowing that my green eyes and outlandish way of dress were not helping to calm her down. “Look, I’m not here to hurt you, alright? I’m going to get you out of here, to safety. Where are your parents, your family?” I asked the question to reassure the girl, already knowing the answer.

She sniffed, once, then shakily pointed in the general direction of a batch of rubble. So she knew. 

I sighed and shook my head. “I’m sorry, little one. They are beyond my help then. But I can…” My words were interrupted by a massive explosion nearby from another bomb, and I was suddenly thankful that I was kneeling, for the force of it would have thrown me to the ground. Debris thundered through the air around me, but thankfully none of it beyond minor objects impacted against my force shield.

The little girl had cowered again at the sound, though her wide eyes had taken in the fact that the debris from the explosion hadn’t hit me or her. There was less fear in her eyes as she looked at me a second time, and she nervously asked, “Who… who are you?”

“This will sound ironic in a few days, but we don’t have time for that right now.” I stood up and offered her my hand again. “Take my hand, and all will be explained.” I could feel the clock on my chest starting to vibrate. It was almost time for the jump. If she didn’t come along…

“… A.. Alright.” Hesitantly, she finally emerged from the closet and wrapped her small hand into mine. Her hand was warm, even through my glove, and I smiled reassuringly at her.

“Trust in me, little one.” I looked up as the next fleet of blimps moved to drop their bombs. They were directly overhead. We were out of time. As the bombs released, the clock in my chest flared, and time stood still…

\* \* \*

No matter how many times I travel between dimensions, it’s always a new sensation to me, each and every time. Every dimension has its own, for lack of a better term, flavor. So while going to the little girl’s dimension had felt like I was entering a bonfire naked, the sensation of returning to my home dimension felt like bathing in a stream in a mountain spring. 

I sighed in relief as I stepped with my new ward onto the clean streets of my home. Around me, the city buzzed with activity, and a few familiar faces waved at me as I appeared. I felt the small hand in my squeeze tightly, and I looked down to see her eyes wide in bewildered wonderment. I chuckled, a mixture of sadness and amusement running through my mind.

Her home was gone. She’d never go home again, and the very fact she’d been selected to be retrieved meant she had no family left. No one in her dimension would ever remember her. Just like all the rest of them had been… including myself. So now her training would begin, and the ranks of the Time Sentinels would grow by one.

I smiled down at her and said, “Welcome to your new home, at least for a while. What’s your name?”

“Mara,” She replied absently while still looking around, trying to take everything in all at once. “Where are we?”

“This? We call this place the Nexus. Without going into too much detail yet, think of it as a place between places. We start here to go everywhere and everywhen.”

“Every… when?” She scrunched her nose up. “That’s not a word.”

“Ah, little one, you have so much to learn.” I raised an eyebrow as I heard her stomach growl. “Are you hungry?”

“… Maybe a little…”

“Come. Let’s get you something to eat, then we’ll get you settled in…”This was actually done from a question I posted in the reddit chat, I asked them to give me a prompt to write for, and this is the one that they gave me.  :)  


Original Prompt:  **\[IP\] You saw the dog outside of town, lying where the witches were buried.**   
Original Link:   

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

  

I always walked the same path home after work, day in and day out, for years. It was always the same path, and after a time, it began to show the signs of my footsteps through the grasses. The tall reeds and grasses to the side gave way to much shorter weeds and lower-lying plants that could withstand my treads along the way, as well as some dandelions and other smaller flowering plants that would spring back up if I happened to smush them with my boots.

The walk to and from my office was nearly two miles, and my coworkers often chided me for taking the path. Why walk, they’d ask, when public transportation was so readily available? Why not buy a car, take the train, get an Uber? But none of those afforded me the chance to be at one with nature during the few opportunities I had left in this world when I wasn’t surrounded by steel and glass, concrete and plastic, and the oppressive crush of mankind.

No, I would walk. Every day, every afternoon, rain, snow, sleet or hail. Granted, this far south, I’d only ever seen snow a time or two in the last fifteen years, but there still was the occasional cold snap, but I digress.

I only ever saw small critters while I walked for the most part. Birds, there were plenty. Soaring high above in the sky, avoiding those of us tethered to the ground with all the grace and agility they could muster as they inadvertently mocked us. The freedom to leave it all behind was a pipe dream…

There were other creatures, of course. Squirrels, rabbits, mice, other small rodents that would run if I happened to wander too close, but I never left the pathway. After a time, they became used to my presence and would not bolt, though they never once took a wary eye off of me as I passed. In a way, they reminded me quite strongly of myself, sitting in my cubicle, doing my best to look busy whenever the boss passed by, trying to make sure I kept my job secure. 

I do not know when I first noticed the hound.

… Perhaps he’d always been there, and I’d only gradually become aware of him. To this day, I am unsure. But one day, I just suddenly realized that this creature was at the edge of the grass, staring at me.

No. Not staring. Studying me. There was an intelligence behind those eyes beyond that of an animal, an intelligence that easily rivaled if not exceeded my own.

The creature had the form of a hound, but not a house dog or a pedigree mutt like what they show on the TV. This thing looked like it had been ripped right off an Egyptian pyramid and painted into reality with the blackest of paint. As I watched, the ink holding its form together would drip off of its body, vanishing into the ground beside it, only to reappear above it and reform into its body once again.

I should have been terrified, yet an eerie calm washed over me as I faced the creature for the first time, fully aware that the creature had likely studied me for a while, perhaps over months. Finally, I spoke, and asked the creature its purpose.

To watch, it replied. Nothing more.

I asked what it wanted.

Nothing, it said.

I asked why I could see it.

That, it replied, was a more curious answer, and one it did not have an answer for. It crossed its front feet and regarded me with a more serious look, and replied that it will be looking for that answer over the next few months.

So, for the new few months, my walk had an accompanying partner. The creature, which I took to calling Anubis simply because it reminded me a lot of the Egyptian god, would join me on my walk. We talked for the length of my walk about many things.

We talked about bad things. My displeasure with work, how the world was dying, and how machinery was destroying everything around us. We talked about good things, the touch of another human being, the sound of laughter, the taste of certain foods, how receiving a genuine smile feels.

A nagging cough began to persist in my chest, which I ignored at first. Nothing would interrupt my daily walks with my new friend if I could help it. But eventually it got so serious that it impacted my work, and I was forced to go see someone.

The diagnosis was terrible. Beyond terrible. My coworkers were, of course, sad to see me leave, and they gave me one last goodbye party and wished me well along my final journey. Condolences were said, hugs were given and received, and empty promises were passed along.

In the end, I found myself back on the path one final time, watching the sun set as Anubis came and sat down beside me. I reached out to him and, as I expected, he leaned into me, allowing me to rest my hand on his head.

No words were said as we watched the sun set that final night. None were needed. He had figured out why I could see him that day, as I had I.This was a fun one... a dragon with severe allergies to gold and jewels.  So his horde isn't the usual "treasure," and he's embarrassed by the attacking party's reaction to his stuff. :D  


Original Prompt:  **\[WP\] You're a dragon that has severe allergies to precious metals & gems. All dragons pride themselves on their stash of treasure, & defeating the adventurers that try to steal it. You become shocked & embarrassed when adventurers find your stash of wooden cooking bowls & don't try to steal them.**   
Original Link:     


My story:  


  

“Do you yield, foul beast?” Anger flared in the human’s eyes, and I knew he had me. Granted, it hadn’t really been that difficult of a fight. I’d known the minute the party had come into my lair from the itching in my tail. My darn allergies were kicking into full force by the time the four-man group had entered my cavern, and I’d spent half the fight doing everything I could to get the attacks from the dwarf or the human to land on the itchiest spots of my body.

It must have looked absolutely ridiculous, but I didn’t care. The gold and gems they carried were triggering a flare-up of my allergies like nothing I’d felt since the last time I’d visited my cousins down the coast, and I hadn’t seen them in a hundred years for just that very reason. 

As I gazed a bit cross-eyed down the sword of the rather annoyed human, my thoughts drifted back to the first time I’d realized something was off about me. I was young. Like, new to my horde young, and I couldn’t sit on it without feeling like a dog with fleas. So, since I wasn’t able to sleep anywhere close to my cave, I sought help. The ogre mage who I’d finally managed to convince to come see me after promising multiple times that I wasn’t simply trying to order my food delivered in studied me for a month before finally figuring out that I was quite a rare dragon indeed.

For what dragon had anyone ever heard of that was allergic to his horde? But that was my lot in life. My gold, my silver, even my pittance of copper I had to get rid of. My gems, the lovely things that sparkled on my walls and adorned nearly every armor and weapon I’d inherited from the former owner? Dropped off a cliff. 

I blinked when I realized the human had said something again. “I’m sorry, what?”

He said, “I’m waiting, dragon.”

“Oh. Sorry. Yeah. I yield. It’s all yours.” I sat up and started to scratch behind my neck like I’d seen the wolves in the forest do. It worked effectively enough. “Got two doors there, whatever you’d like and can carry in either door. Standard procedure.”

“We are watching for any treachery, foul worm.” The human sheathed his sword, but fixed me with a wary eye. 

The dwarf, however, was watching what I was doing with interest. “What in the seven hells are you doing?”

“Look, just hurry the hell up and move on out, will you?” I didn’t feel like explaining to some bipeds my problem, and the faster they were gone the faster the itch would leave. “Something one of you is wearing, I don’t know, a perfume maybe? Whatever, it’s making me itch. So just hurry up.”

“Uh, right.” The dwarf didn’t seem convinced, but he joined his companions as they moved to one of the doors. 

The itching reduced slightly as they entered the first treasure chamber, and I could hear their voices as they picked through my lovelies. But then…

“What is this nonsense?” One of the two elves, I think the female but darned if I could really tell the difference if I were honest with myself, popped back out of the room. “Where’s the treasure?”

“What do you mean?” I blinked in confusion. “I just counted that room out yesterday, it should be full.”

“Oh it’s full alright.” The elf snarled and tossed one of my good salad bowls to the floor. “Full of this crap!”

“Hey!” I curled my lip in distaste. “That’s my good salad bowl! What’s wrong with it?”

“It’s worthless!”

“It is not!” I sat back on my haunch and tried my best to look affronted. “I’ll have you know that good dinnerware goes for…”

“Oh shut it.” The human had returned at this point with the rest of his party, and none of them looked very happy. “We’re checking the next room. Will that one be full of nothing but wooden dinner and flatware like this one was?”

“That room?” I gestured toward my second treasure room. “Nope. There should not be a single wooden plate, bowl or spoon inside at all.”

“Good.” The human and elves vanished inside the second treasure room, but again the dwarf hung back.

He turned and looked at me. “And why, pray tell, should there not be a single one of those in there?”

“Because that’s my ceramic room.”

The sound of breaking plates indicated that the human had discovered the truth about the room as well, and I sighed. “Guess he wasn’t interested in my wizards of the human world series of collector plates?”

“What is the meaning of this?” The human came back out of my second treasure room, his sword back in his hand. “Where’s all the treasure? Where’s your horde?”

“This is my horde.” I snuffed in displeasure. “Just because you don’t value this stuff, doesn’t mean I don’t. Not my fault you can’t see the beauty in finely crafted wood and ceramic. Please tell me you didn’t break any of my good vases.”

“They are untouched.” The human snarled, but raised a questioning eye when the dwarf walked over and motioned for him to put away his sword. “What are you doing?”

“Checking something.” The dwarf waited until the human did what he asked, then turned back to me. “Where is your other horde, dragon?”

“This is my horde, I told you that.”

“No, your gold and jewel horde.”

“Oh, that.” I sighed. “Last I saw it, I dropped most of it off a cliff. The rest of it I had a group of hobgoblins come and clear out for me.”

“Ah.” The dwarf frowned. “And why would you do that?”

I couldn’t help it. Their continued presence was driving me crazy. I started scratching again as I continued talking. “Because I’m allergic to it, ok?  Now will you leave? The gold and jewels you’re carrying on you is making me itch like mad.”

“Can you show us where you dropped your horde?”

“It’s long gone by now. This was decades ago; whatever the local hobgoblins didn’t get, the various adventuring types like yourself found long ago.”

“Damnation.” The dwarf shook his head and sighed. “Well, there’s no use for us staying around here then. Sorry to have bothered you.”

“No bother. Just do me one favor?” I scratched violently behind my ear as I talked. “Spread the word that I don’t have any gold and jewels? I’d rather not have to re-explain myself too often if I don’t have to, and I’ll be itching for weeks just from this visit.”

And with a nod, they left. True to their word, they were my last visitor for some time other than an occasional curious gnome. Eventually, I was able to start a thriving trade of collectible baskets woven by the local dryads that sold like hotcakes in the human lands; but someone else had to handle the currency, of course.

That’s a tale for another time, mind you.on one of my image posts, I told  that, if no one else posted on it, that I would write a story for it.  He (she?  Hard to tell with user names) asked me to tag them if I did so... well, I really enjoyed the image, so I wrote the story regardless.  So, here's the story!  


Original Title:  **\[IP\] When first we met, it was raining...** 

Original link:     
Original image:     


My story:  


  

When first we met, it was raining. It didn’t strike me as odd then, of course. Now, mind you, I realize the significance of it… rain being the sign of change; the promise that all sins eventually wash away; and that all mud, dirt and grime still cover something beautiful, no matter how caked. No, at the time, it was just rain.

A cold, pounding, peeling-away-your-skin type of a rain. I was just a silly, stupid foreigner at the time, new to Japan and completely out of my element. Stupid me hadn’t checked the weather forecast on my phone and missed the fact that it was the start of monsoon season. I’d forgotten my umbrella, and I still didn’t know enough Japanese yet to figure out if the storefronts I stood in front of sold that kind of thing, or anything of the sort.

Yes, I know now that pretty much every store had umbrellas for sale around that time of year. Hindsight being 20/20 and all that. 

But as I stood there, I remember your voice cutting through the rain and directly into my soul. Your English was odd; it was perfect, but spoken as one that learned it from a textbook, as though you’d never spoken to someone that actually spoke English in your life. With that adorable little lilt to your head, you asked me simply, “Are you, sir, alright?”

With those four words, my fate was sealed. I nodded that I was, indeed, alright. You showed me where I could find umbrellas to purchase – made me feel foolish, because it literally was the very next store – and showed me where to catch the next train. Then you were on your way, and I watched you leave, not even knowing your name.

The next two years, you were on my mind every night. My grades in school slipped, for I could not concentrate. When I studied, I could only see your face. When I tried audiobooks, I could only hear your voice. In a panic, I returned to the spot I first found you, but without even your name, no one here knew who the lovely woman from my past was.

Desperate, I wandered the streets, wondering if I could just by chance bump into you again. After a week, as the clouds opened up again, I did indeed run into you.

You, and your husband and child.

You did not see me. When I saw you, I started to run to you, overjoyed and ready to spill my love to you, until I realized you were not alone. Once I saw the truth, I slipped back into shadows and watched as you and your family made your way to your car.

He was a very proper gentleman, your husband. I saw him hold the umbrella for you. I saw him hold the car door for you and wait until you’d gotten the baby into the car seat before he gave you that kiss. I watched as you got into the car, then he finally closed the umbrella and entered the car himself.

A proper lady deserved no less than a proper gentleman. I can think of no better person for you. And as the rain continued to fall, I looked at my hands, and realized what the last two years had truly been. What I’d wasted.

And I made my decision.

It was raining the very last time I saw you, you know. I doubt you recognized me then, either, but I knew it was you. The rain was pouring down hard, the start of monsoon season does tend to do that, and you ducked into the little overhang by the bus station with two young children in tow. 

You wore an exasperated look on your delicate face, tired but still beautiful, and I smiled at you in a friendly way. One of your children had broken your umbrella, and you were scolding him for doing so.

“Ma’am?” I nodded at you and offered you my umbrella. You tried to not take it, but I insisted. The rain, I said, is wonderful this time of year, and I won’t be seeing it like this in the near future. My wife and I will be moving soon, her job has her relocating us to somewhere in Germany, so I’m going to miss it.

You smiled your thanks and offered to pay for it, but I declined. Then, as the bus pulled into view, you seemed surprised that I wasn’t taking the same bus you were.

Technically, I was supposed to take that bus. But I knew the signs. I needed to watch you leave one more time. And as the bus pulled away, I smiled. 

I think I like the rain.This was a fun one... might have to use these two again sometime.  


Original prompt:  **\[IP\] And there, looming in stark defiance against both land and sky, stood the Twin Citadels...**   
Original artwork:     
Original link:     


My story:  


  

“There it is. The Twin Citadels.” Araon’s voice was dripping with that self-satisfied tone that Elonar absolutely detested; even if it was now rightly deserved. “Right where I said it would be.”

“Yeah, yeah.” Elonar sighed and looked up… up… and further up. “So you were right, once again. Good work. I mean, admittedly, all we’d have to do is get close and look up. Gods, those are huge. How does something that tall still remain standing, it has to weigh tons!”

“It has support beams.” Araon motioned toward the base of the two towers. “Surely those have braced it sufficiently.”

“Seriously?” Elonar raised an eyebrow. “Four little wooden support beams, to hold up a five hundred foot high tower? And that’s plenty? Seriously?”

“It would have fallen down long before we arrived if it were an issue, so come, my elfin friend, let us proceed on our quest.” Without waiting for an answer, Araon spurred his horse forward, quickly leaving Elonar and his horse behind.

Swearing profusely, Elonar followed the naïve paladin down the side of the mountain until they had reached the entrance to the first tower. The large stone door had initially been mounted to be flush with the walls of the tower; age and the elements had worn it down to where it had fallen through its hinges and now lay flat on the ground, granting access to all whom wished it. 

Up close, the sheer height of the tower was almost physically intimidating, and Elonar resisted the urge to gawk straight up into the heavens. “So, the oracle said the third piece to the sword was somewhere in this tower?”

“No, not this one specifically.” Araon, for the first time since they’d left on the quest, looked discouraged. “She only said that it was in the pinnacle of ONE of the Twin Citadels.”

“One of them.” Elonar had a very, very bad feeling he knew the answer to the question he was about to ask. “So we have to…”

Araon nodded. “Yes. We have to get all the way to the top before we’ll even know if we’re in the right or wrong tower.”

“It… it’s five hundred feet high. Do you know how many stairs that is?!?”

“You’re not the one that has to walk up them in plate armor, Elonar.”

There was nothing that could be done. Resigned to their fate, Elonar followed Araon into the first tower…Heh, alrighty then.  Reverse Spider man it is!  


Original Prompt:  **\[EU\] A spider is bitten by a radioactive Peter Parker and gets human abilities**   
Original link:   

&#x200B;

My story:   


\* \* \*   
  

I don’t know how it happened. One minute, I’m a normal *Hogna Aspersa,* or Wolf Spider to those of you without a scientific mindset… the next some freaky human in a suit has managed to take a small nip out of me as he’s flying by on a web? Granted, that was mostly my fault, because I’d been jumping between windowsills or something, I can’t really quite remember. My memories from the time… before… are nearly nonexistent. 

That was three days ago. Over the course of those three days, I found myself… changing. The main change I’ve noticed, of course, is my intellect. I daresay most spiders can’t think at all beyond their next meal, and that’s a stretch. My intellect, on the other hand, appears to be at a level the humans would call “scientist.” It’s led me to realize quite a lot of things about life, the first of which being that I’m a VERY small fish in a very large pond.

I’ve found myself walking instead of crawling. Four legs down, and four legs up as impromptu “arms” to cup under my head while I ponder this situation I’ve found myself in. I know I’m unusual, that much is obvious to me, but how did I happen to find myself in this situation in the first place?

My thoughts keep returning to that strange human in the red outfit. I now know he’s something the other humans call a “superhero,” but the meaning of that term is still alien to me. But all of this change within me came about not long after he’d bitten me. That CAN’T be coincidence. 

My thoughts were interrupted by a scream of terror behind me. I turned around just in time to see a large boot descending…Wasn't sure where this one was going at first, but it came out decent. :)  


Original image:     


Original link:     


My story:  


\* \* \*  


  

I was nervous. We all were, I’m sure, but none of the other girls seemed to be nearly as nervous as I was. Hell, if I were honest, they seemed pretty damn relaxed. Me? I was aflutter with nerves, I felt like I’m going to puke, and I just wanted to go back to school and forget we’d ever agreed to this nonsense. 

I mean, seriously. We’re supposed to be the cream of the crop. Dwight Eisentrout’s Girls’ School for the Gifted Elite’s elite. All of us have gotten top marks from the first day we stepped foot in that school. So why were we riding the E-Tram into the worst part of town instead of going to class? Whose bright idea was this, anyway, to go practice what we’d learned in a real-life scenario?

That little voice inside my head gently prodded me and mentioned that it’d been my idea to start, but I ignored it. What did she know anyway? This was a HORRIBLE idea. Horrible, horrible, horrible…

Alicia giggled. That was a warning. Trying to stay calm, I glanced out of the corner of my eye toward her, and her eyes darted to the back of the tram. Sure enough, four very rough-looking youths were headed our way. They looked every bit the part of comic book delinquents… between the identical, off-brand leather jackets they wore, the torn jeans that drastically needed a belt, tattoos across every visible surface area of skin, and gold jewelry EVERYWHERE, it’s like we were sitting in a Spiderman comic.

But this wasn’t a comic. This was friggin real life, and no matter our training, things could go wrong. I turned away from them, trying my best to ignore the cretins away, but I heard their catcalls and leering voices soon enough coming from near where Alicia was sitting.

“Hey gurl… lookin’ fine, gurlllls…” The one who’d spoke was slurring his speech, though whether that was due to being drunk or just trying to communicate through the assortment of piercings he had across his face, I could not tell. “You lovelies looking fer company?”

Bethany, the tallest of us, fixed him with a stare as she flipped her blonde curls out of her face. “Hardly. You’d best get moving on, you won’t find entertainment here.”

“Oh ho ho.” Their laughter was cruel. “Whassa matter, lovelies? Too good fer the Krackles?”

“Krackles?” There was scorn in Bethany’s tone. “What kind of stupid name is that?”

“Careful luv.” Where the knife came from was beyond me, but just like that the thug had a long bladed knife out and was brandishing it threateningly. “Yer new boyfriends don’t like yer tone.”

“Is that so?” Bethany smiled a thin-lipped smile. I knew that smile… “Janet?”

I sighed. “Yes?”

“Want to show them why we don’t like their tone?”

Here we go. “Sure.” I turned and met the thug’s eyes. “I… I’ll give you thugs to the count of three to leave us alone.”

The group, as a whole, began to laugh, a vicious, ugly laugh. “Ooh, a countdown! Or you’ll what, luv?”

“One.” I felt the world around me pulling inward as I began to focus, exactly as I’d been taught. In my head, I thought, ‘focus on the knife… focus on the knife…”

When I didn’t answer, the leader snarled, “Well, my beauty, seeing as how yer being so… unbecoming of a lady,” he accented the sneer with a hand on his hip and a flourish, which made the laughter even louder, “I’ll just have to cut the answer outta you, huh?”

“Two.” I could see them now. Lines of force, angles of impact… it worked outside of the classroom too! 

“Alright then, luv, you’ve had your…”

“Three.” Time slowed to a crawl as I stood and released my chi. The stored energy I’d been building inside screamed forward, crossing the distance between myself and the thug’s leader in an instant. Fists of pure energy slammed into him with force, throwing his body into the air precisely how I’d intended him to fly. 

The energy fists didn’t stop with him. The other three thugs were also hit a heartbeat after their boss flew into the air, and the result was the same. As I took a second breath, relaxing my chi again, all four of the thugs crashed into the back of the tram.

They slumped over, groaning, and didn’t move again. Alicia frowned. “Janet! You could have left one for the rest of us! You hog.”

I sat back down in my seat, trying to hide the shaking of my hands. “I… I’m sorry. I just…”

Bethany chuckled, shaking her head. “No, that’s alright. There will be more. Good work, Janet.” She stood up as the tram started to pull to a stop. “After all, we’ve only just got here, Alicia. You’ll get your turn.”

This was going to be a long day.Dunno why, but all my theme thursdays that i've written have turned out depressing. :p  This one at least has an open-ended ending, right?  


Original link:     
Theme: Rejection, 100-500 words  


My story (431 words)  
\* \* \*  


  

The wind howled around me as I stared down the precipice. I don’t remember walking up here, but that’s hardly a surprise. Since… since that day, I’ve barely registered much of anything, if I were totally honest with myself. So it’s no surprise that I found myself, standing atop a cliff, staring down at the crashing surf far below, and I have no memory of how I managed to find my way up here in the first place. No memory, beyond that of Sarah.

Sarah.

Oh, my dear Sarah. Our lives were going to change, I’d promised you that. All it would take was a few months more, a few more paychecks under our belts, and we’d be out of this town forever. But you couldn’t… couldn’t wait. I begged you to stay, just a bit longer, I was positive it’d all work out.

You said no. Oh, Sarah, you said no. You said you couldn’t take this anymore. The rats in the stairwell, the roaches hiding in the kitchen, the dim lighting of what few lamps we could afford… it was all too much for you, you said. 

I dropped to my knees then, promising you the world, anything at all… anything, just as long as you stayed. I cried the tears, I said the words, I did everything I could possibly do to change your mind.

But you rejected me. Your life had to come first. And we were not living, we were just barely existing, a speck on the edge of humanity’s rotten core. 

It had taken no time for you to pack and leave. I’d remained motionless by the door, powerless to stop you, wanting nothing more than to take you in my arms and whisper the lie I’d said so many times before… but you knew it was a lie now. It wasn’t alright. It would never be alright again, we couldn’t get ahead, we were too far down to ever climb back up again.

So you’d left, heading to your home to look for greener pastures. And me?

Well, here I am, standing atop a cliff, staring down at my destiny below, wondering if I had the courage to take that final step.

But is there courage in death this way? Or was I simply looking for yet another easy out, one last time of running away from my problems?

Is this… what Sarah would want from me?

As the waves crashed in the distance, I made up my mind. 

And took my first step of my own, into a future of my own making.Heh, this was fun. :D  (I used fade to black, of course... had to keep it a bit PG13)  


Original WP:  **\[WP\] You met a woman in a bar and things got a little hazy after a few drinks. You wake up the morning after with a ring on your finger matching the one on the woman who is now calling herself mother earth. Congratulations. You are now the stepfather of all creation.**   


Original post:   


My post:  


  

Everything was peaceful, deep, dark and dreamless in my comfortable and sound slumber. I knew I drank too much last night… but hey man, it was Vegas, baby! You don’t come to Vegas and get virgin drinks, right? No man, you come and you get absolutely schnockered out of your ever loving mind, especially when it’s on the company’s bar tab. I mean, yeah, I’m pretty sure after the seventh or eighth screwdriver I probably should have called it a night, but who does that?

I wasn’t one to get angry drunk, thank god. No, I was a social drunk, and a ladies man. Too often my drunk charm would wind up working and I’d bring home one, two or even three women, only to disappoint them because hey, sometimes that happens with too much alcohol, you know? Thankfully, though, I never got sick at least. 

I was rambling in my thoughts. Heh. Must still be a bit drunk. But for now, I was comfortable. Like, really comfortable. Warm, soft, pliable… wait, that felt like skin. Damn. I think I’m next to someone. Soft…  Oh! I know what that part is. ok, that’s definitely a woman. A part of me groggily tried to remember what happened last night as consciousness very slowly began to return. An edge of light began to creep into my vision as I tried to recall exactly what happened. 

There’d been a dance, I think. I remember that. I’d been dancing the night away with this really amazing woman. Her hair had seemed… odd, somehow. Like, alive? Is that right? 

Nah. That was probably the booze talking.

But as I was waking up more, I remembered something else about her. She’d definitely been a bit odd. She was absolutely gorgeous, I remembered that quite distinctly. She was as tall as I was, and built like a brickhouse. I remembered distinctly asking her what her workout routine was, and she’d mentioned some kind of yoga move. Earth positions? I don’t know enough about yoga to know what those were, but I was definitely willing to find out. Her core was fantastic. 

She talked very oddly though. Everything about her was in some way related to Earth stuff or Nature. Guess she was a new-age nature freak, not that there’s anything wrong with that. I’m cool with it. She’d even had a very… earthy smell to her. It was intoxicating.

Come to think of it… I still smelled it.

I blinked finally and opened my eyes, yawning. I smiled as I realized that I was naked, and was lying in a very large bed with the very naked, earthy-smelling woman from yesterday. “Well hello there, you lovely thing.”

She returned the smile and said, “Hello yourself, handsome. Sleep well?”

“Indeed I did. I do hope I didn’t disappoint you last night, but alcohol and I might make for a great party… but well…”

“Oh no. The earth moved quite nicely for me.”

“That, I’m glad to hear.” Huh. For once, the booze let me have fun. That’s a first. I looked out the grand picture window we were lying in front of and realized we could see down into Vegas. “Wow. This is an expensive room, huh. Did I get this, or did you?”

“I did. It’s on my tab.”

I whistled. “Nice tab.” I stretched, looking around. Ah, there’s the clothes… discarded hastily in a line from the door. Mixed with hers. Nice. “Wish I could remember last night, because I’m lying here with an absolutely beautiful, naked woman that I don’t even remember her name, or what we did, and I’m sorely disappointed in myself that I can’t remember any of that.” I smiled ruefully. “Because I bet all of it was wonderful.”

She chuckled. “Well, one I can help you with now. My name is Gaia.”

“Gaia? Oh, like the goddess of Earth?”

“Not ‘like.’ And we’ll have plenty of time to help you remember the rest of last night, my love.” She snuggled up close to me and sighed happily.

“Huh?” I looked down at her, and a reflection from the morning light caught my eye. We were wearing rings. “Oh… ohhhhhhhhhhh. So we…”

“Mmm hmm.”

We were both quiet for a while as this gorgeous woman simply lay against me. Finally, she pulled herself up on an elbow and looked at me with concern. “Is something wrong? I know it was hasty, I admit…”  She sighed. “I suppose if it’s a concern, we can go get annulled, what is your human saying? What happens in Vegas?”

“No.” I placed my hand on her shoulder gently, and was shocked to see the beginning of tears in her eyes. 

“No?” She pulled her knees up to her chest and clutched them, “So you… you do love me?”

I smiled. “I do not, not yet. But,” I said, stopping her objection, “I also swore that, if I got married, I’d only ever do it once. Well, this isn’t something I’d planned on, but I drink too much too often for something like this to not have been a possibility.” I shrugged. “And you seem like a nice enough person. If you want to marry me, I will be the best husband I can be to you.”

I traced her face gently. “And if the woman inside is as pretty as the girl outside, I’ll fall in love soon enough regardless.”

Tears were now openly streaming down her face, but they were not sad tears. I pulled her into an embrace, and we sat there for a few minutes, just together. Finally she pulled away and wordlessly nodded. 

“That’s settled then. Now, a question.” I raised my eyebrow. “What did you mean by … ‘human’ saying?”

Gaia smirked. “Let me show you.”

Over the next few hours, I learned that the earth truly CAN move… and it was glorious.Been a while since I did a writing prompt, mainly because I've been focused on getting my novel ready for publication (self pub).  After all the editing and whatnot, feels good to stretch some writing muscle again. :D

&#x200B;

Original Prompt:  **\[WP\]Magic works, but the strain of casting spells causes the body to sicken and die. You've never cast a spell in your life, but a powerfull yet withered mage offers you a bag of gold to complete a dangerous spell that would otherwise destroy him.** 

&#x200B;

Original link:  

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

\*  \*  \*

“No.” There was an itch at the back of my skull, the same itch I always had anytime I was near a mage. The damn things were the main reason I’d moved out of the big cities in the first place. Here in the country, miles away from civilization, the only magic I ever experienced was when someone hurt themselves on one of the local farms. The people here were good, honest, down to earth folk; they knew magic was only to be used for emergencies.

But not in the cities. City slickers, like this decrepit old fart before me, were all the same. Need to light a cigarette? Pawoosh. There’s a light. Late for work? Blip, you’re at work. Everyone knew the risks, everyone knew they’d die that much faster, no one gave two shits. It was all gold and magic, all day, every day.

And when you’re a focuser, someone born with the innate ability to not only focus this sort of thing but to feel it in the air, taste it in your very soul? Yeah. It wasn’t a very comfortable place to live.

I stared at the pathetic soul in my home with disdain. “Why are you still here? I said no.”

“I don’t have any other hope, Aaron.” The old man sighed. He’d given me his name, but I’d ignored it. “I’m going to die, whether I cast this spell or not. The only difference is whether I die casting the spell, or die here in your house on this chair.” He paused. “I might add that it’s a downright comfortable chair. That will help my decision somewhat.”

“You die there, I’m just tossing you out into the street for the trash pickup to haul away.” I grimaced. I didn’t want a corpse in my house, especially a mage corpse. It was way too easy for them to have their souls triggered to come back as ghosts if they died with a purpose unfulfilled, and being haunted wasn’t something I wanted to consider. After a time, I sighed. “Fine, dammit. What do you need me to do?”

“I’ll be the one casting the spell.” He coughed, a wet bark of a cough that wracked his thin frame with pain for a time before he was able to continue. “Damn it… I’ll be casting the spell, you’ll only have to recite the final portion of it.”

“Why me?” I crossed my arms and glared at him. “I’ve never cast a spell in my life, you know that. It’s ridiculously difficult for a focuser to cast magic…”

“Yes, I know.” He waved me off. “That’s why I’m doing most of it. You should have enough magic in you to cast the simple portions at the end.”

“This goes against everything I stand for, you know.” I looked back down at the bag of gold between us. That was a LOT of gold. My mom back home had been delaying her surgery because she simply couldn’t afford it. Granted, it wasn’t like she was dying or anything, but hip replacement surgery was still complex enough that it wasn’t cheap. This would not only alleviate all the cost of that for her, she’d be able to afford advanced magics to heal faster…

Maybe even enough to get the rest of the family to come out for a family trip outside of the city. Been so long since I’d seen some of my brothers and my sister…

The decision made, I nodded. “Fine. I’ll do it.”

The next hour was spent in setting up the room. A dozen or so candles, set just so… a few lines of chalk, here and there… a scratch of incense burning in a corner. It honestly wasn’t the most ritualistic spell I’d ever seen, which was nice. Some of the ones I’d seen would have demolished my home just to cast them.

That done, the old man started casting his spell. He was still seated in my comfy chair, his eyes rolled back in his head as he chanted. Wisps of blue-tinged essence ebbed out of his body and began to swirl around us, circling in the air slowly. As they expanded outwards from us, they were penned in by the candles I’d placed earlier and would coalesce into larger patches of blue, each new patch sizzling slightly with magic.

I flicked the edge of the paper in my hand with annoyance. The back of my head still itched. I really disliked mages, but damn if some of the things they cast at least looked pretty. I waited for the moment when the old man paused, which would be my queue to speak.

Finally, when it seemed as though the room was going to fill up completely with essence, he nodded at me and stopped speaking. I held up the paper and clicked my tongue once, then spoke the final words of the spell the man had been casting.

In a clear voice, I said, “Certamen animus.”

Wait, was that Latin? As the essence around me flashed first once, then twice, then repeatedly, I tried to remember my high school. It sounded like it was Latin, but for all I knew, it could have just been a bad Google translate of something into Latin. I shook my head and turned my attention back to the old man as the essence flashed a final time and dissipated.

“The spell’s complete, mister. I don’t know what it was doing, but whatever you wanted it to do, it did.” When I got no response, I raised an eyebrow and approached his slumped form carefully. “Sir?” I shook him gently, but there was no movement below my hand. A quick check of his pulse and, yep, sure enough, that spell had taken the last out of him.

I sighed. I really didn’t want to call the county coroner, this was going to be fun to explain. I mean, sure, everyone already knew about magic and how it kills…

***Then don’t call them.***

I froze in my tracks. There was no one else in here but me and a corpse. So who’d spoken?

***That was me, of course.***

“Uh huh.” I started looking around, wondering where I’d put my hunting knife. “And you are?”

***Well, I was in the chair.***

“Which chair.”

The realization hit me before the voice had a chance to respond. I turned slowly and stared at the lifeless corpse. “Wait…

***I thank you for saving my life, Aaron. And I agree, you simply must have your family out here to see you. I’d love to meet them.***

Great. On the plus side, the itch on the back of my skull is gone now. On the down side, some mage tricked me into sharing my soul with his, so now he’s in my head. Guess there are worse Mondays, huh.Did a second writing prompt today, this one around the ability to transfer your sleep to another person.    


Original prompt: **\[WP\] You have the rare ability to loan your sleep, meaning that if you sleep 24hr straight you can go 3 days without sleep (because its 8hr/night). You just woke up from an 8 month coma, thus granting you the next two years without the need to sleep. Enjoy your time awake...**   


Original link:  


My story   
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


  

I wasn’t supposed to wake. 

I am one of a select few, the Dreamers we are called, those who can pass our sleep to others around us. All it takes is a touch, the slightest bit of skin to skin contact, and when we sleep, you do not. The effect is broken the moment we awaken, so it’s only a temporary effect, good for little else.

So we thought.

Until we were made into an industry, and profit was made off of our hides. Why ever sleep again, when you could simply touch a Dreamer and stay awake forever? Call now, and for a low installment fee and the right monies in the right hands, the authorities would look the other way and you, too, would never need to bother yourself with sleep again.

It was insidious, it was outright slavery, and there was nothing we could do to stop them once they’d started. The drugs kept us asleep as long as they wanted us asleep, we had no choice. Our dreams were controlled by machines and drugs, a constant stream of mind-numbing nonsense to keep us sedate as one after another of us fell prey to their constant hunts.

For Dreamers were rare in the population, but not so rare that we didn’t exist. We were ripped from families as early as toddler years, with the families getting large sums of money to forget they ever had a son or daughter with Dreamer abilities. Teenagers and college age children were easier to make disappear; kidnappings still happened in this day and age, and people would simply disappear all the time on the news.

That’s how I was found. I’d immigrated to this country from my homeland, not seeking asylum or anything; I’d just wanted a better shot at some decent schooling. Instead, within a month of my arrival I’d found myself drugged and comatose, heading for processing.

A part of me was still aware of what was going on. I could hear them discussing payments with their partners. I could feel the warmth of their hands on mine, a touch, then the feeling of my power activating… then the prick of the needle and the sleep would intensify, unbidden. 

I fought as I could. In my head I screamed in fury, knowing it was futile… but something told me I needed to fight. That something might break. But nothing did as the months rolled on…

Until it did.

Just a small break, but I felt a small shattering of glass just at the edge of my consciousness. A rush of air began to drip into my comatose mind like a trickle at the base of a broken dam. What was just a trickle soon became a stream, then a flood then a roar, and I opened my eyes with a blink.

I wasn’t supposed to wake.

There weren’t even any guards in the room with the four other Dreamers and myself. After a time, I abandoned my attempts at waking the other Dreamers; I had no idea how to even attempt it, and didn’t want to accidentally kill them with the wrong medications and the like. So I had to simply leave them behind.

So then I ran. 

I wasn’t supposed to wake. And I certainly wasn’t supposed to run. 

But I’d been in a coma now for something like 8 months now. And what those idiots didn’t realize is that Dreamers did more than just transfer sleep. Oh no. No, no, no.

Dreamers also watched. 

Dreamers, while asleep, saw everything through the eyes of those who they kept up. Over the past eight months, I’d seen so many crimes, so many people commit infidelities, so many murders, so many robberies, I’d seen enough now to know that I was a highly wanted man. My life was savagely in danger if they knew I could see all that.

And they were going to know. I was going to be awake for the next two years straight. And I was going to use that time to put away nearly every single person who’d touched my hand over the last eight months.

This Dreamer was going to turn their dreams into nightmares.After a bit of a break (to spend some money for Christmas, etc) I figured it was time to get back into the prompts with this one.   The writing at the beginning is chopping on purpose - the "voice" is being done as someone with a very low intelligence.  :)

&#x200B;

Original Prompt:  **\[WP\] Every year on their birthday, people level up and get a point to put into any stat they want. Most people go for an even spread of points, but you decided to specialize early.** 

&#x200B;

Original post: 

  

Everyone laugh at Ted. Everyone always laugh. When Ted talk, they laugh. When Ted leave, they laugh. Ted don’t understand. They talk of points. Ted no understand points talk. They talk of stats, of points to put in stats. Ted ask what stats are, they tell Ted to buff stats before they will talk to him. 

Ted not understand points. Ted tell them he not understand points. They laugh. They always laugh at Ted. They tell Ted that he have to use points, but Ted not know what he supposed to do. So Ted just save points. They tell him that Ted can’t save points, but Ted save points as baby. Everyone save points as baby. Why can’t save points now? Still they laugh, tell him he stupid and no better than baby. But Ted not care. So Ted save points away for rainy day.

Mommy tells Ted not to worry about cruel laughing people. People just don’t understand Ted. Ted have kind heart, she tells Ted. Ted is special, she tells Ted. Ted just continue being Ted, and one day Ted will see world like Mommy and understand.

Ted hope so. Mommy say Ted see world through rose glasses. Ted not understand Mommy. Ted not wear glasses. But Mommy always smile when she say that, so Ted just nod and hug Mommy. Ted will be good, he promises. Ted will always be good. Ted will always be good, will always be Ted.

School was hard. Everyone so smart, not Ted. Ted not understand the maths. Ted not understand the sciences. Ted not understand the musics. Ted likes the musics, even if he didn’t understand them. But the principal told him they could not teach Ted. No one could teach an un-pointed Ted. So Ted came back to school.

Again and again. Year after year. Until Ted made it. Graduation, at last, and Ted did it all on his own. Mommy was so proud, she told Ted. He’d done it, all on his own. Not the first point of smarts, so all Ted smarts. That made Ted happy to make Mommy happy. 

Still they laughed at Ted, but Ted tell them he had his rose glasses on. They can laugh. His Mommy is happy, they matter nothing. So Ted waited in long line in itchy dress to get paper. People whispering around him, but Ted happy. Mommy happy so Ted happy. And it Ted birthday as well, so Ted even happier! 

Mommy even said something about another point. Ted still not understand that. No worry about that. Ted here to get paper!

Finally Ted is at front of line. Time to get piece of paper…

The man looked at me with sad eyes and said, “I’m sorry, Ted, but there’s been… an attack on our servers. All of your data has maliciously been wiped from the servers, I’m afraid… we have no record now you even attended school here.”

Man speaking words, but Ted can’t understand. Man is sorry? “Ted pass?”

“Ah…” The man cleared his throat. “Ted… not pass. Ted… pass stolen?”

“Stolen?” Ted was confused. “T… thief? Stole Ted school?”

“Yes. Ah… yes.”

Laughing bad men stole Ted’s school paper! The world turned red. A snicker of laughter from behind Ted. The laughing bad men. They stole Ted’s paper!

Ted still not understand points. But Ted know anger. And no more laughing. 

\* \* \*

“And this is our top story. Tragedy struck at a local high school graduation ceremony today after a ill-advised prank went horribly wrong. We go to Frank Blirnman at the scene, Frank?”

“Thanks Betty. As you can see from the devastation behind me, police are still working to clean up the scene and identify all the victims. But from what eye witnesses have given us so far, this all started when some of the local bullies apparently hacked into the graduation records for one Ted Banner, erasing him from the system entirely.”

“Ted Banner was a bit of a local celebrity, having never spent any of his statistic points from childbirth until his current present day age of thirty. No other human being on the planet had ever wholesale saved their points like this man had, and though his intellect never progressed much past the level of a toddler, he still was able to preserve and graduate from high school.”

“However, eyewitness accounts tell us that, when it came time to receive his diploma and there was none to give, something in the man snapped. Though it’s unclear exactly what happened at this time, police are telling us that preliminary reports are that Ted apparently did a complete and immediate stat dump into his strength, agility and constitution stats and proceeded to go on a rampage, tearing into everyone that had ever made fun of him.”

“We do not have any tangible numbers at this time on total injuries, but we do know that at least three people, including Ted, are now deceased at this time. We’ll update you with more information as we receive it. Back to you, Betty.”

“Thank you, Frank.”This was my first Writing prompt here, and it got a lot of nice attention and comments (and I had a lot of fun writing it too).  Was my first real thought about breaking through my writer's block, and yes, it DID eventually work, so... thanks, Reddit. :D  


Original prompt:  **\[WP\] You have an incredible ability, the ability to create something just by saying its name, only problem is you gotta say it in an ancient tongue that no one knows, not even yourself, today in the middle of going through a terrible cough, your ability activates for the fourth time in your life.**   


Found here:   


My story:  
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


 

\*waves hello\* Hello all, I'm as new as they get around here, but I've been writing for some time - just not lately, as writer's block and life have had me in quite a chokehold for almost a decade now. So, I figured I'd give some short story writing prompts a try, see if that helps me. :) But enough about me...

\* \* \*

“What have you got there?”

“Nuthin.” I tried in vain to hide my newest creation behind my back, knowing full well that there wasn’t a possibility that Mama would miss it. The downside of being the spawn of an all-knowing, all-seeing demi goddess meant that you couldn’t get away with squat.

“Come on, Iras.” One of Mama’s hands extended toward me, and I focused on the tinge of green to her nails instead of looking into her eyes. Any of those six eyes would know immediately that I was lying, and darn it all, I was GOING to get away with it this time. “Give.”

“I don’t have nuthin.” I shifted my feet absently, hoping the sound of my tentacles across the sand would be enough to distract her. “When’s Dad coming home?”

She sighed. “Not for a while, kiddo. You know he’s involved in some world building a few realities over.” She fixed all of her eyes on me and stared through me. “Oh no, Iras. What did you do this time?”

“It wasn’t my fault!” I pulled the glowing orb out from behind my back guiltily and covered it carefully with my arms.

“It never is, is it.” The disproval in Mama’s voice stung. “Let me see.”

I reluctantly held the sphere up so she could examine it. She took it from my hands and peered into its swirling center. “My, Iras. How’d this happen?”

“I was playing with Liku and Boro, and Boro accidentally hit me across the nose.” I rubbed at my nose absently, the stinging still present. “I sneezed, one of those good sneezes that comes from the bottom to the top?” I mimed sneezing so hard, my eyeballs nearly popped out.

Mama was doing her best to suppress a smile for my antics as she said, “And then what happened?”

“Well, when I sneezed, something happened.” I stopped pantomiming for a moment and considered. “I think I said somethin’ when I sneezed. Something like what Dad says. There was this HUGE flash of light,” my arms did their best to show Mama just how big of a flash of light it was, “and then this fell onto the ground.”

“My.” Was that… pride I heard in Mama’s voice? “Well, your father will be very interested to see this when he gets home, you know.” She handed it back to me gently and patted me on the head. “It looks like this one’s fully alive too, you know. Even your brother was eons older than you before he created his first fully functional life form.”

“I know.” I was beaming now that it was apparent I wasn’t going to get in trouble. “I’ve been messing with it all day, seeing what I can do with it. Can…” Dare I ask? “Can I keep it?”

“I don’t see why not. You created it, after all, you can keep it as long as you take care of it.” She bent down and enveloped me in a large, tentacled hug. “Just remember that universes are a big responsibility.”

“I know, Mama.”

“Do you know what you’re going to name it yet?”

“Well, when I sneezed, it kinda sounded like ‘Hoomom.’ So I was thinking, human?”

“Make it more official sounding and call it ‘humanity.’ That will look better on the forms.”

“Ok, Mama.”This is the writing prompt where I realized that picking old prompts pretty much ensures that you're ONLY doing it for practice.  I liked my story, and got almost no notice at all.  As this was only my second writer's prompt story on Reddit and was trying for some serious help to get through my writer's block, this was pretty disheartening.  My own fault, really, so no worries.  Lesson learned. :)

Original prompt based on the following:  **\[WP\] "Please," the dying monster begged the Paladin, "spare the child." And so while the rest of the party celebrated, he sat by a large egg, struggling between his oath to protect the innocent and his oath to destroy all of the evil race.** 

Found here: 

&#x200B;

My result:  
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


 

The battle had been ferocious. Long, epic, the type that the bards would sing about in taverns for many years to come. Our deeds would continue to grow with each retelling, until what had been one family of draconids would become a clutch, then a hive, and eventually the numbers we faced would be in the thousands.

All of it false, of course. It hadn’t been thousands. It had been a mated pair, and rather young draconics at that. If they had been allowed to reach full size, they would have easily slaughtered us to a man. I stared down at the bleeding corpse at my feet, and a part of me wondered idly just how close I, too, had come to bleeding out in this desolate chamber. I knew that I had more duties to perform before I could collapse: someone needed to check on our mages, as they had both fallen unconscious from the efforts of their magical attacks; our resident barbarian Andriane was most likely dead beneath the pile of rubble one of the draconics had brought down from the ceiling; and one of our two healers was missing.

Only myself and Barraxal remained on our feet. In the ten years I’d traveled with the dwarven healer, I’d not seen anything come close to killing him. I still wasn’t entirely sure which dwarven god or goddess he worshipped, but man, they held a special place in their heart for that dwarf.

*“Please.”*

I blinked. I must have taken a more solid hit than I’d thought, because I could swear I had just heard something whisper inside my head. Ichor dripped off of my sword as I shakily pulled a small cloth out of my pouches. Wouldn’t do to have the blade rust, after all…

*“Please.”*

Again. This time I was sure of it. I paused in cleaning my weapon to peer around the chamber, still alight with various fires from the mages’ efforts to support the bladed warriors. Only Barraxal was moving, and he was busy pulling large stones off of where Adriane had been buried. But I know I…

*“Please.”*

It… it couldn’t be. I turned my gaze to the corpse by my feet. There… a slight movement in the chest. The dragon was alive! I had almost no strength left, but I gripped my sword with determination. I would not allow…

*“Please… stay your… weapon… if only for a few more… moments…”*

It was breathing, but it was not moving otherwise. Perhaps it was dying? But then how… “Are… are you speaking to me?”

*“Yes, human… I… I am”*

“What do you want?”

*“My mate… is dead.* *I… am dying.* *Do you know… how many of my… kind are left?”*

Well, no, I didn’t actually know that. Draconids have become exceedingly rare as of late. This had been the first ones spotted in nearly a century, which is why finding out it was a mated pair had instilled such panic amongst the townspeople. I continued cleaning the crud off of my sword as I said, guardedly, “Not too many, I would assume.”

*“We… searched.* *I do… not know if any of us are now… left.* *Why… why did you attack?”*

Instinctively, I kept my voice low in case Barraxal heard me talking, of all things, to the very creature we were supposed to have killed. “You’re dragons. You slaughter townsfolk for sport, eat livestock, rampage, and all that. You’re evil creatures. As a Paladin, I’m sworn to defeat evil in all its forms. That’s why.”

*“We… did none… of that.* *We avoided… humanity… as best we… could.* *Obviously, even that… wasn’t enough…”*

Was… was the creature’s voice despondent? They are evil creatures, they aren’t supposed to have feelings! “Well… you would have at some point.”

*“No.* *No… we would not.”* The creature’s voice was determined. I had no doubt of the truth of its words.

Well this had just become a slight bit awkward. “… Oh. Well… hmm.”

*“Please… what of… what of my children?* *Are they…”*

Children? I blinked. We had only seen the two creatures… “I don’t see any other dragons here beyond you two.”

*“In… in the nest…”*

My legs were not quite sure they wanted to support my weight as I carefully walked over to a large nest of tree branches, rocks and discarded bones from their meals. Inside, the carnage of fighting near a clutch of eggs was evident everywhere you looked… shells littered the nest, and the egg contents were splashed over nearly every surface within reach.

Only one egg had survived the battle, and it was partially wedged into the side of the nest. Likely that had been its only saving grace, the branches around it shielding it from whatever had ultimate decimated its kin. “I… ah… there’s one egg here.”

*“One.”*

If I didn’t know better, I’d swear I had never heard a more crestfallen voice in my life.

*“One single… egg… my sole surviving… child.”*

“Er… yes. I guess.”

*“Please… Paladin… you are honorable… you must…”* The voice trailed off

“I must what?” I turned my attention back to the beast, looking for movement along its chest. Nothing… it was truly dying. And then…

The voice was nearly inaudible, but, “*Please… spare the… child…”*

And then nothing. I gazed at the egg for a while until I heard movement near me. I glanced over my shoulder as Barraxal picked his way over to where I stood, his eyes cloudy and unreadable. I motioned to the boulders. “Adriane?”

Barraxal’s voice was emotionless. “Dead. When rocks fall, everyone dies, after all. You ok?”

“I’ll live. What of the mages?”

“Katarena used too much magic. She lives, but I’m afraid her mind has gone. It’s probably best we finish the job and give her a proper burial.”

I shook my head. “We warned them not to put too much into their spells. I’ll handle that, I know you’re not allowed to touch a blade. And Likous?”

“He was standing too close to the detonation point of Katarena’s last spell.”

“Ouch.” I shook my head… I’d known Likous for quite some time, but he’d always had a large unlucky streak in his soul. “Have you found where Xi went?”

“Indeed.” Barraxal pointed at the other dragon’s corpse on the other side of the chamber. “Part of Xi’s torso is still in the maw of that creature as we speak.”

“Ah.” What a lovely day this had turned out to be. I sighed and said, “So it’s just us two.”

“Yes.” Barraxal looked down at the egg I was staring at. After a moment, he continued, “So… did she talk to you too?”

“She who?”

“The dragon.” Barraxal jerked a finger toward the corpse against the far wall. “That was the mother, and she begged me to spare her children’s lives. Only thing is, I don’t think she realized they’d been destroyed. Poor thing.”

“I must have been talking to the male then.” I knelt down and ran my hand along the surface of the egg. It was slightly warm, even through the gloves I wore… “And yes, he spoke to me. Asked me to spare the child.”

“They weren’t evil.” Barraxal leaned down and picked up the large egg. “You know that, right?”

“I’m beginning to think that, yes.” I sighed. “So… what do we do now?”

“I have an idea.” Barraxal held the egg to his ear and listened intently. “I have a few contacts in quite a few kingdoms… let’s get in touch with a couple of them.”  


\* \* \*  


 

Thirty years later…

\* \* \*

“How’s he doing?” I peered over the side of the cliff with interest, staring down into the valley below. “It should be soon, right?”

Barraxal nodded. Time hadn’t touched the dwarf yet, and I’m not sure it ever would. “I’d think it would be anytime now. Asaia has been getting restless for home as of late, and the kingdom of Lanastru would definitely like him back.”

“I still don’t know how you did it, my friend.” I ruefully shook my head. “I’m positive no one in our kingdom had any idea they raised dragons. How you knew… bah.” I chuckled. “Better I not know, huh.”

“Yup.” Barraxal pulled a sealed flagon out of his pack and brought out two well-used cups. “Best get the celebration prepared.”

“Indeed. I…”

*“Father.”*

“Oh!” I held my hand to my temple, as I’d learned to do many years ago. *“Yes, Kiata?* *Is it time?”*

*“Yes!”* Kiata’s voice was always an excited, happy voice in my head when she spoke. This time was no different, though there was a tinge of pride and happiness I hadn’t heard before. *“The first is cracking!”*

*“We’ll be right there.”* I turned to Barraxal. “Still have that ring of plummeting?”

“Of course.” Barraxal smirked and pulled it out of his pocket, slipping it on in one smooth move. “I take it that it’s time?”

“Looks like it.” I pulled my own ring out and, after placing it on my finger, stepped off the edge of the cliff. Barraxal and I took a few minutes to gently fall down to the bottom of the valley below, our rings making the impact feel only as if we’d jumped from a single step. Once at the bottom, we made our way over to the large dragon’s nest, where a large pinkish-white dragon was curled around a wide mound of eggs.

Nearby, a brackish-green dragon peered at us with a wary look. Asaia was his name, and he had yet to speak to either Barraxal or I – we’d only gotten his name from Kiata, the female dragon currently surrounding the eggs with her body. I nodded in his direction and, with a grand gesture, bowed low toward him. “I humbly beg your permission to approach your children as they hatch, my friend.”

Asaia gazed at me for a moment before, with a swift motion, nodded his head at me before his attention returned to Kiata.

Barraxal and I approached Kiata with a smile. The large dragon leaned her head over to us, nudging us with the side of her head affectionately.

Barraxal scratched at her head with one hand as he peered into the nest. “Two are cracking, huh? Just in time then.”

Kiata’s voice had an odd echo to it, a sound Barraxal and I had come to understand meant she was speaking to both of us at the same time mentally. *“And six more are moving about in their eggs.* *It might still be a week before all of them emerge, but Asaia wants to meet at least some of his children before he returns home.”*

“Understandable.” I knelt down, focused on the egg that was moving nearby. “That one looks like the most likely… aha!”

With an audible crack and a snap, a brackish-green beak shoved its way through the egg. After a moment, it retreated back inside… only to be followed by a leg that began to push harder against the broken edges.

After another minute or so, the eggshell was completely destroyed, and a small dragon looked around for the first time in his life. He was brackish-green like his father, though his miniature wings were pure white like his mother’s. Barraxal and I stood off to the side as Kiata chirped happily at the beast. It looked back up at her and made a single, high-pitched sound of adoration.

I glanced over at Asaia, who looked nervous. I chuckled and motioned to the nest. “By all means, Asaia. Go meet your family.”

Asaia looked between me and Kiata for a moment then, decision made, moved carefully over to Kiata’s side and peered down at his new son.

The baby dragon gazed up at his father and made the same chirp as before, a high-pitched declaration of its adoration.

As the dragons welcomed their brood into the world, I felt a hand clap onto my shoulder with pride. Barraxal cleared his throat and said, “So… raising that egg? Probably the best thing we’ve ever done, my friend.”

“Aye.” I smiled as the baby dragon began trying to take its first steps. “I just wish we’d known sooner.”

“With this birth today, we’ve repented and come full circle, my friend.”

“Indeed.” I fell silent, watching as the family of dragons celebrated life. Soon enough I’d get to meet the babies myself, and begin their indoctrination into coexistence with humanity. But for now, it was their time. Time to be a family, time to show the babies the power of family and of love.

As was proper.I liked this one. :)  I really want to see a Disney Princess that can't sing worth a hoot.  Writing prompt based on the following:

 **Based on her animal friends and singing longingly into the distance, you realize that your daughter is a Disney Protagonist. Per movie rules, you, a Disney Parent, will soon be out of the picture.** 

found here: 

&#x200B;

My result:  
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  
 

“There. She’s doing it again.” Lisa looked over my shoulder and frowned.

“Hmm?” I turned around and glanced back. I smiled and shook my head. “Oh, that. Don’t worry about that.”

“Don’t worry?” Lisa stared at me in horror. “Don’t WORRY?!? Don’t you realize what that means?”

“What?” I jerked a thumb at Sally. “She’s a kid. She likes looking at clouds, trying to figure out what pictures she sees in them. What’s wrong with that?”

“You don’t get it.” Lisa shook her head. “We’re dead.”

“We’re not dead. You’re overreacting.”

“OMG.”

I blinked. “You did not seriously just say OMG.”

“I did.”

“OMG. Not Oh My God, you said the letters. What is wrong with you?”

“Shut up and look again.”

I looked again. “Ok, so yeah, that’s a bit harder to explain. So butterflies like her. So what? We live in a Disney kind of world, you know? That’s not all that unusual to have kids with weird kind of abilities like that, you know?”

“But come on, Harold!” Lisa was pale. “She’s looking off into the distance, she’s starting to collect animal friends…. OMG she’s a…”

“Would you please stop saying the letters? That’s really annoying. Just say oh my God or something.”

“WOULD YOU JUST…”

“Lisa.” I grabbed her shoulders and looked her in the eyes. “Listen to me. Think carefully. I know what you’re thinking, ok?”

“But… but…”

“Listen to me, ok? There is no way, and I mean no WAY that our daughter could have Protagonist syndrome, ok? Think about it.”

I saw her eyes go wide. I glanced over to the side, and sure enough, there was now a frog and a few birds hanging around Sally too. “So what. Animals like her. Deal with it. She’s not a Protagonist.”

“The signs are there, Harold!”

“SHE CAN’T SING!”

Lisa blinked. “What?”

I sighed. “Think about it. She auditioned for Frozen a while back, remember? They laughed her off the stage. She tried out for the choir. The pastor was much nicer about it, and suggested she try an instrument instead, remember?” I pulled Lisa into a gentle hug, then continued, “Our daughter is a lovely little girl, whom animals love and all that, but in this world of Disney… she can’t be a Protagonist. She can’t sing worth a damn. So relax, nothing’s going to happen to us, ok?”

Lisa visably relaxed. “You… you’re right. God, I’d forgotten about that. Oh, Harold, I’m sorry, I was just so scared…”

“It’s ok…” I blinked. “What… what’s that noise?”

Lisa and I turned and looked over at Sally.

The frog was beatboxing.

I looked at Lisa, and she at me. “… Shit.”this writing prompt was based off of the following:  


 **\[WP\] You been shot through your helmet. As you lay in the sand you hope for a quick death. Minutes pass. You reach your hand back to pressure the wound. Instead of blood you feel exposed wiring.** 

&#x200B;

found here:   


My result:  
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


 

I could taste the metal of the bullet. Weirdly, that was the first thought that came to mind as I stared up into the blue sky, watching as the occasional puff of smoke meant yet another of my companions met their untimely demise far, far above me. War wasn’t even supposed to have happened yet, but try telling that to those of us on the front lines, I suppose.

I wondered idly if this was supposed to be one of those near-death things you read about on the internet. Everyone always talked about how you could see yourself on your death bed as you floated a few feet away, blah blah blah… well, whatever. I wasn’t floating, I was lying down in this damnable open field, surrounded by destroyed hover tanks as explosions rocked the ground all around me. I could still hear my squad mates, calling out orders or screaming in pain as what was left of us tried to keep pushing forward across this hallowed ground.

I was dead, of course. Just sitting here waiting to die. I wasn’t sure where the bullet came from, but in war, really, who cares? For all I knew, it could have been one of our boys that fired it. Friendly fire is just as lethal as enemy fire. It had ricocheted off one of the destroyed tanks, ran right through the top of my helmet, and stopped somewhere in the recesses of my mouth.

I could feel the bullet fragments on my tongue. They’d been hot initially, but now they were just… there, and I could taste them. The metallic tinge and gunpowder residue was sickening, but I couldn’t just spit it out. I was dead.

Wasn’t I?

I watched yet another pop of smoke appear in the sky, and realized my eyes were starting to water from staring into oblivion without blinking. I couldn’t take it anymore, and I blinked. My eyes felt better almost immediately.

I groaned and sat up, instinctively spitting the bullet residue from my mouth out into my hand. I looked at the fragments in my hand with a morbid curiosity, still not quite processing what I was looking at. After all, those pieces had gone through my helmet, my brain, my skull, my teeth…

Wait.

My hand shaking, I slowly unbuckled my helmet and pulled it off my head. Shockingly, though the hole was obviously there, there was a surprisingly tiny amount of blood. Next, I gingerly touched the entry wound, expecting to find a gaping wound, brain matter, and enough blood to make the Kool-Aid man queasy.

I wasn’t expecting to find circuitry.

My fingers wrapped around a hard piece of plastic and pulled out a broken piece of what looked to be a circuit board. I studied it, but its origin was unfamiliar to me. I reached back into the hole, and this time came back with a couple of wires and what looked to be a severed cable.

“H… huh. Well. Alright then.”

I stood up carefully, my equilibrium somehow off. Normally, I’d make some offhand remark that having a hole through your head would do that, but after finding the circuitry and whatnot, now it’d actually make sense. Being a robot or cyborg really shot a lot of my jokes right to hell.

I was going to have to file a complaint with HQ when I got back. They really should have told me this ahead of time.

Until then, it was time to get back to the fight. We had a war to win, and time waits for no cyborg.

Robot.

Whatever I was.Heh.  This was a fun one.  :)  This writing prompt was based off:  


 **\[WP\] You've been hacked! You find out that instead of destroying your life, the hacker is improving it**   


found here:   


My result:  
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


 

“What?” I blinked in surprise as I looked at the balance on the computer screen. “That… that can’t be right.” I shuffled around the stack of papers on my desk until I found my latest direct deposit slip, compared it against my checkbook… yep, I should have considerably less than that in there. Not that I was complaining, but… “That’s… that’s just odd.”

“What’s that?” From the other room, Darren, my roomie, wandered out of the kitchen with an armload of food. Unceremoniously he dropped it on the couch and plopped his butt down beside it before he started digging through the dirty cushions for the remotes. “Someone in your zip code wants to have sex with you again?”

“Shut up.” God I hated Darren. But until the lease was up or he moved out, there wasn’t a lot I could do about it. “Those the chips I just bought?”

“Probably. I ain’t bought any in a while. ‘Appreciate the thought.”

“Dammit.” I shook my head. “Lemme guess. Going to be a bit late on your part of the rent too?”

Darren sounded hurt. “Man, you know how it is. Work’s cut my hours…”

“Because you asked them to so you could game more…”

“And Mom’s sick…”

“She lives three states away!”

“And I have this lumbago in my leg…”

“What does that even mean?”

“I’ll get you the money. Eventually, ‘k dude?” Grinning, Darren flipped me the bird and turned the TV on, then cranked the volume up really loud so he couldn’t hear me anymore.

He knew I hated that. I sighed and turned back to the computer. My balance was still staring at me on the screen, taunting me. I knew I was going to have to call the bank to double check, though part of me wanted to just coast on it and see how long I could ride it out before someone caught me.

But come on. I was a mostly-broke college kid. I could barely afford rent and groceries, much less college and book costs. My normal deposits were in the thousand of dollar ranges. Singular.

So someone somewhere is probably going to notice when half a million dollars just randomly shows up in this kid’s account, don’t you think? I shook my head. Nope, just wasn’t going to do it. Ok, maybe just a little. I’d use it to buy more food and cover the moron’s part of the rent, just so we didn’t get kicked out this month. Leave the rest in there, and hope when the Feds came knocking, they didn’t…

A small box in the corner of the screen caught my attention. Windows Notepad had opened, and the cursor was just sitting there, waiting. But I hadn’t…

I typed, “Yabba dabba do. I’m a scary ghost.”

After a pause, the cursor dropped a line and typed, “I bet you are.”

… huh. I hadn’t expected that to work. A second later, panic set in. I was getting hacked. “Oh crap. Please don’t hack me, I’m only a college jerk, I don’t have anything you can even really steal, my credit’s so bad if you steal my identity you’ll have to steal another just to FIX my credit, come on man…”

Whoever was on the other end of the line had to hit enter about five times to get my attention. “Dude, relax. Didn’t you see your bank account? I know, your life sucks. Trust me, I know you better than you do.”

Oh, that wasn’t ominous at all. Well, if he was stalking me, I needed to try to figure out who this creepo was, so I needed to try to think of a way to trap him with my words, reveal who he was. The best I could come up with? “Uh, what?”

“You’re broke. You live with a moron who steals your shit and won’t pay his part. You work a crappy job for barely above minimum wage, and you’re too proud to ask your parents for any help. Any of this sound familiar?”

“Um…. Yes?”

Was it possible for text to sound exasperated? “Dude, look. I’m here to help, ok? I’m not stalking you, just trying to help. The money was the first step. Second step is on the way, and third step is right behind them.”

“Second step, third step, what? What’s the second step?”

“This.”

There was a loud knock at the door. Darren didn’t even look up. “Whoever it is, go away, we ain’t home.” The knock came again, louder this time, and he looked at me. “Dude, aren’t you going to go get the damn door?”

“Nope.” I motioned to his cheddar-covered hands. “You ate my chips, you can get the damn door.”

“Jerk.” Darren flipped me off again and got up, spilling chips everywhere. He made his way to the door, where whomever was behind the door was still knocking. “Keep your damn shirt on! I’m coming!” Finally, he threw the door open. “What’d’ya want?”

Two large policemen were standing behind the door. “Darren Larson?”

Darren’s attitude nosedived almost immediately. “Uh, y-yeah? Can I help you?”

“You’re under arrest. You need to come with us down to the station.” One of the men reached out to grab Darren’s hands while the other pulled a set of cuffs off his waist and started to cuff Darren. Darren, for his part, went limp and offered no resistance, none of his usual gruff demeanor.

I watched in amazement as they nodded at me in greeting, pulled Darren out the door, and closed the door behind them. I turned back to the computer and typed rapidly. “What the hell?”

“Darren was a criminal. I won’t clue you in on his exact crime, but it was… ugh. Rather disgusting. Needless to say, when I reported his whereabouts, I made sure they were aware you had absolutely nothing to do with his… activities.”

“What in the world did he do?”

“Videos.”

“Videos.”

“Not good ones.”

“Oh.” I blinked. “… Oh! Oh, um, enough said.”

“Thank you. I didn’t want to have to go there.”

I shuddered. After a moment, I continued typing, “You said a third thing?”

‘Indeed I did. They should be there in a minute or thr…”

There was a knock on the door, followed by a loud voice that said, “Pizza!”

I don’t think I made but more than two steps between my laptop and the door to my apartment. That door was open and the pizza inside before you could say “Jumping Jack Flash” three times flat. And when I found out it was already paid for, it tasted even sweeter.

After three pieces of pie vanished, I remembered my strange benefactor and moved back to the laptop. Wiping the grease off on my shorts, I typed, “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

“Why me?”

“You’ll see one day. For now, until we call, enjoy it.”

“Wait. Until we call? What happens then?”

There was no answer. I stared at the screen for hours, that last sentence taking all the joy out of everything that had happened over the last fifteen minutes. Well, mostly stared at the screen. Ok, that’s a bald-faced lie. I ate pizza, played video games on my television without having to worry about Darren coming in and monopolizing the TV; it WAS his TV after all, though I doubt he was coming back for it… and planning what I was going to do with my new money.

I was going to enjoy the absolute crap out of myself.

Until they call. Then we’d see what happens next.This writing prompt was:  


 **\[WP\] You've always carried the subtle, lingering fear that someone could read your mind while you were in public, but you had always written it off as a silly form of social anxiety. That is, until you spotted someone on the subway home lip-syncing the song stuck in your head.** 

Found here: 

&#x200B;

My story was:  
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  


 

There’s always been just this… feeling. An odd sort of sensation, really. I don’t know how to explain it, just that it’s just been there. This sensation that someone, somewhere, just knows what I’m thinking as I think it. It’s silly, I know. A random thought here, a déjà vu there, that creepy “something out of the corner of my eye” type of sensation here and there throughout my life that just never, ever seemed to pan out. We all have them, right?

Of course we do. We all do. There’s been study after study of these sensations, there’s Wikipedia article after article about them, and thinking about them for too long can drive a person mad. So eventually, I just accepted it as fact and moved on. After all, we were all like that, right?

So I just moved on with my life. Awkward teenage years to college, to my boring adult life. All with this just slight nagging feeling at the back of my skull that something just wasn’t quite right. I got a regular, boring job as a bus driver, something that didn’t require a whole lot of talking to people; I still wasn’t all that very comfortable speaking around too many people, since I couldn’t quite ignore that feeling they knew what I was going to say. But driving them where they needed to go, in a nice casual pre-ordained pattern the same way day in and day out? That was for me, baby!

So began my routine. And still I noticed it, even when not trying to. When I was in line at McDonalds, getting ready to order my meal, the cashier was already ringing up my order before I even got up to her in line. That wasn’t anything unusual, right? After all, I eat here all the time. I’m sure she’s seen me here before. At the movie, on a rare outing to spend what little free funds I had for entertainment, the man didn’t even ask me what movie I wanted to see.

He just handed me a ticket to Deadpool 2 and grunted the theater number in my general direction. Of course, it WAS opening night, and like ninety percent of all their ticket sales were for Deadpool 2, so that wasn’t really much of a coincidence. Right?

Right?

Just coincidence that they had my popcorn ready for me as I got to the ticket counter too. Definitely a coincidence. But I’m really weird with my soda. Pop. Whichever part of the country you hail from. I’m weird, I know. But I enjoy mixing my drink. I like having some Sprite and some Dr. Pepper mixed together. I don’t know why, it’s something I picked up as a kid when you don’t really have taste buds yet that I’ve never really grown out of.

The drink I was handed was exactly fifty percent Sprite and fifty percent Dr. Pepper. That couldn’t be coincidence, could it? Nervous, I drained my drink well before the opening prequels had even finished, and had to visit the bathroom about thirty minutes into the movie.

I no longer had any doubts that something odd was going on when every single movie patron filed out of the movie and followed me into the bathroom.

After taking care of nature’s call, I abandoned the movie theater and sprinted toward the subway, intent on fleeing home if I was being pursued. A quick look back, however, slowed my steps; none had followed, they’d merely followed me to the bathroom. So maybe another coincidence in a long series of coincidences?

Could that happen? It hardly seemed like it.

Rattled, I decided my best course of action was simply to go home and get some rest. A quick hop onto the subway, and soon enough the gentle clack clack of the rails below me began to lull me to sleep. It had been so long since I’d been able to just relax…

What was that song my mother had used to sing to me as a child? It was from a movie, something about a rainbow… ah yes. Smiling to myself, I hummed the bars to the song under my breath as I fell lost in thought, my memories focused on the song and my mother’s singing voice.

Until I heard voices on the other end of the car singing. I couldn’t help listening, as they were quite loud and, if I were honest with myself, singing quite well. I paled as I realized what they were singing, but I couldn’t tear myself away from their words.

“Somewhere over the rainbow… way up high…And the dreams that you dream of… Once in a lullaby… “This writing prompt was based on the following:  


 **\

&#x200B;

My story was as follows:

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

&#x200B;

 

It was always that way with this blasted world. Everyone in this world was born with one of their senses super enhanced to the point of ridiculousness. Everyone, that is, but me. No one really knows why, but I’ve been the butt of many a joke because of it since my early childhood. All my life, it’s been “Normal eyes, tasteless caste, you can’t hear me can you,” believe me, I’ve heard them all. Luckily, I was usually able to ignore most of them, but as a child, some of the barbs still dug deep. You can’t dodge them all, especially when they’re verbal, you know?

And it’s followed me into adulthood. The dating scene has been an absolute nightmare. When everyone has a singular sense about them that is supernaturally superior, you’re automatically an inferior being in their eyes. When they tell you about the time they were able to stand on top of a mountain and spot their ex cheating on them another state over, all you can do is nod your head in faux agreement and hope they don’t notice that you don’t have a clue what they’re talking about. When that cute Tinder date you’re with tells you she can hear from the increase of your heartrate that you’re interested in her, you know you’re not going to be able to lie to her about anything; your own body’s going to give it away anyway.

And forget dating the army of enhanced culinary artists that have invaded the planet since time immortal. All they talk about is spices, seasoning, the minute differences between one region’s paprika and another region’s mushrooms, this that and something else. To me, all I taste is spaghetti. Granted, it usually was really GOOD spaghetti, but it never seemed to be quite as good as the tasters made them out to be.

Guess that’s what I get for not being born with enhanced taste.

Nope. No enhanced taste, no enhanced vision, no enhanced hearing for me. I couldn’t tell just by touching fabric who’d worn it last, how long ago, and many other minute details like those with enhanced tactile powers could. Some of those folk were this world’s greatest detectives. That’d never be me, mind you. Nope. To me, the clothing just felt like jeans, or a jacket. Nothing more, ever.

I didn’t mind not having enhanced smell. Most of those poor souls tended to live in the far reaches of the world, away from civilization. It turns out that most of modern day society was overwhelming to the poor fools that ended up being able to smell every drop of ozone, every ounce of mechanical impurity, every singular pool of sweat and blood that worked its way into our lives. The ones that didn’t go mad would quickly head to the softer smells of nature, far from humanity. No, I luckily didn’t mind not having THAT one.

But I was the oddity. And like most oddities, I was also able to finally start to just disappear into the background. Eventually, I was able to start eking out a decent living, first as a rookie cop working a routine beat. It turned out that I was pretty good at my job, and quickly worked my way up the ranks. Not having the advantages of the super senses meant I had to work a bit harder, so when I made a bust, people knew I usually had iron-clad proof on my side.

Soon enough, I became a lieutenant, then captain. Then when the Chief of Police was caught in some really nasty dirty politics, I was in position to fill his shoes. For a time, my policies written by he of no powers were solid law in the land of those with powers; then came an opportunity to advance even further I couldn’t pass up.

The move from Chief of Police to Senator was an unprecedented victory. It was the first nearly unanimous vote in US history. Less than 5% of the vote was cast for my opponent, and even the opponent’s wife voted for me. I served my state faithfully for twelve years, enacting laws similar but more detailed to those I’d crafted while I was Chief of Police; these were now statewide laws, governing those with powers by one without.

The people who’d once taunted me for not having powers now willingly wanted me to be in charge of them. And then, once more, opportunity came knocking once again. My party came to me and pointed to my overwhelming sweep of the polls when I’d won initially, and how no one had ever contested me since I’d taken the position of Senator.

Would I, then, consider a run for President?

Would I? Luckily for them, of course I would.

It was a long election year, full of conventions, TV interviews, radio interviews, podcasts, meetings, and many a public speaking event too numerous to count. Until finally, my wife and I were watching the numbers across the board rise, one by one.

First one state. Then another. Again and again.

First US President to take all fifty states in the Electoral College Vote and the Popular Vote. A landslide win.

Well, well. Looks like I have at least my next four, and likely eight years, ahead of me taken care of now.

Lucky, lucky me.