ecstaticandinsatiate
To keep up with this story, reply somewhere down below with **SubscribeMe!** (one word with the exclamation point) and you'll get a message from the bot when I post a new part :)

**If you don't want to lose track of this series, you can click  to subscribe to my email mailing list.** You will ONLY receive an email when I publish a book to Amazon. I am publishing the first volume of my series *9 Levels of Hell* first but I plan to follow this one soon after it. Thank you!

***

 | 
***
To my relief, Izzy’s car was exactly where we left it, untouched except for a new splatter of bird shit on the hood. I half-expected to see it surrounded by men in dark suits, doing their best to look casual. The moment we were out of sight of the FBI building, Izzy broke into a dead sprint, and I took off after her. We got to the car breathless and sweaty and too frightened to care.

The moment the car door shut, Izzy jammed the lock button. She held her hand out toward me.

“I need your cell phone,” she snapped.

I opened my mouth to retort, but the look on Izzy’s face shut me up. Her brow furrowed so deeply a nerve sprung out on her forehead. It was a look I’d seen rarely enough to know that she was just as panicked as I was.

“Please,” she added, softly.

Grumbling, I dug into my pocket and produced my cell phone. Izzy unlocked her door and hurled it into the traffic whisking past the parking lot. 

“Hey!” I cried. “What the fuck?”

Izzy didn’t answer me. She just pulled her own phone out and sent it sailing after mine. They popped and crunched under the wheels of a passing taxi.

This time I couldn’t swallow my rage. “What the fuck was that for?! Why are you acting so insane?”

Izzy turned toward me. “Because what just happened in there was *insane*.”

“I’m not the telepathic one here, Iz.”

It was an old joke, one that usually won a grudging smile out of her, at the very least. But her face stayed grim and dark. “The man following us. Agent Howe. He’s a mind controller. A powerful one. I could *feel* him inside my head.” She squeezed her eyes shut and shuddered. 

“Yeah,” I muttered, “can’t imagine what that’s like.”

Izzy elbowed me sharply. “I’m not like that. I’m nothing at all like that. It was like… someone reaching into your mind and moving things around for you.” 

“If we’re really in danger, shouldn’t we be driving?” I couldn’t help my nervous glance out the window.

“Our phones aren’t the only things capable of listening,” Izzy said, as if I should have realized it. She tapped the dead screen of the car’s main radio. 

I stared at her finger, doubtfully. That was just paranoid.

“I’m not fucking paranoid. You’ve known me practically my entire life. Do you think I’d just make something like this up?”

Now my heart pulsed rapidly within me. I reached up to grip my hair, making myself take a deep breath. Keep my mind clear. “What did you see? In his head?”

“I only got a few seconds before he blocked me out. But he had a message—about you. Something about not letting you leave the building. That secretary…” Izzy scanned the front windshield. Agent Howe couldn’t be the only one intent to find us. “She was keeping her mind blank on purpose. But she couldn’t hide something important.” Her urgent stare caught mine. “You have a power they’ve never seen before. You can change things. I don’t know what, but… it scares them.”

A strange euphoria flooded my gut. Something like anxiety. But even with all the questions and fears that chased each other in circles around my head, there was an unshakable joy: maybe I was useful after all. Maybe I could be something more than a bartender. Something more than Izzy’s best friend. 

“What is it?” I breathed out.

“I don’t know. I didn’t stick around to dig through their minds and find out.” Now Izzy turned the car on. She flicked off the radio and passed me a look sharp enough to cut bone. “But we’re going to shut up, and we’re going to get the hell out of here.”

And then, she peeled out of the parking lot and surged into traffic as if the agents were only a few feet behind us. 

“I don’t think you’re going to outrun anyone federal half a mile from the fucking White House, Iz.”

“What part of shut up don’t you get?”

I almost argued that the radio was turned off. That there was nothing to worry about.

But when I lifted my eyes and saw the sleek black car already following us in the rear view mirror.

“Izzy,” I started.

Another black car, identical to the first, veered out in front of us and slammed on its brakes so hard, Izzy nearly collided with its back bumper. She swerved into the other lane, nearly into the front wheel of a minivan. The woman behind the wheel opened her mouth in a wide O of terror and jolted her car to the side. We missed her by inches.

“You’re going to get us killed!”

“No. They are.” Izzy took a hard right up the interstate ramp. Her car groaned its way up the slope as she floored it. “You know there’s only two options to them, right? Keep you or kill you.”

I gripped the handle of my car door tightly, as if it could keep us safe. “Was my super power teaching you how to drive a goddamn car?”

Izzy barked a laugh that was a relief to us both. “Maybe you can figure out what it was to get us out of this shit.”

I twisted around in my seat to see, only a couple cars behind us, a pair of unmarked black Lincolns following us like a pair of beetles. 

“Sure,” I said. “Let me do what I haven’t been able to do in twenty-six years.”

But Izzy didn’t bother replying, because I knew she could hear the gears in my head churning. Planning. Trying to make sense of it all. Maybe I was a walking nuclear bomb. Maybe I could infiltrate international governments. 

Or maybe, like Izzy said, I was just good luck. 

But what use did the FBI have with *luck?*

“We’ll be fine,” I said with a confidence I didn’t quite feel. “We’ll shake them.”

I didn’t have to look over at Izzy to know she didn’t believe me. She just scoffed under her breath. “You can believe it all you want, but it’s not going to happen.”

Indignation and fear warred within me. I squared my shoulders and looked back over my shoulder again. Those government cars were now careful to stay staggered behind us, just close enough to keep our trail. Just far enough back that we might not notice them. And who knew how many of the other cars around us were agents too, but subtle enough to blend in…

But I had to believe it. We had no other option but hope now. I had never been an optimist, but there was no room in my mind now for all the *no ways* and *nevers* I'd told myself over and over, for as long as I could remember. 

I closed my eyes and hoped as if I really could imagine it all away.

Izzy’s voice was thin and reedy. More wonder than fear now.

“Eli,” she whispered, “what did you just do?”
***
 | 

I am DEFINITELY writing more of this, by the way. I have no idea how long it will be, but a novella seems like a good guess. I'm also 200,000 words along on another WP-inspired trilogy that you can read to fill the crushing void of waiting for me to do silly human things like sleep. It's called .

I also published a novella on Amazon last year, if you want to read more by me. It's a cyberpunk story called . You can also get the novella as a perk for signing up to my Patreon at $3 or more per month, if you're into that kind of thing. ;)

Thank you so much for all the kind words and support :)I'm humbled and amazed by the outpouring of interest and support from all of you. I have every intent to make this a novel and upload it to Amazon. :) 

**If you don't want to lose track of this series, you can click  to subscribe to my email mailing list. You MUST click the confirm button in the email you receive in order to get email updates from me.** The EU introduced some new anti-spam law (you may remember the age of everyone updating their terms of service and the initialism GDPR being thrown around a lot) that requires this double opt-in :) 

ETA: It may take you a couple of hours to receive that confirmation email because uhhh we just found what the hourly limit is for emails. But you should get a confirmation soon. Thank you! 

You will only receive an email when I publish a book to Amazon. I am publishing the first volume of my series  first but I plan to follow this one soon after it. Thank you!

 | 
***
The squeal and crunch of metal on metal whipped my head back toward the sound. 

An upward plume of smoke and dust rose from the government cars that had been close behind us. Izzy surged into the passing lane to get around the cars ahead of her that slowed to see the wreckage unfold behind them.

The entire front end of the both cars had crumpled as if crushed by the hand of a god. The line of traffic following behind it collided with each other like dominoes. A chorus of horns and breaking metal resounded in our wake. The interstate behind us was now a choked maze of cars trapped behind the wreckage. 

“I didn’t do that,” I insisted, not quite believing myself even as I said it.

“Well, they sure as hell didn’t do it to themselves.”

My brow furrowed as my mind raced, trying to connect clues. Trying to make sense of what had happened. I glanced sideways at Izzy. Her knuckles had gone white from gripping the steering wheel as hard as she could.

“Could you see something in my head? When that happened?”

“I hope you understand why I’m not exactly listening to your every goddamn thought right now.”

I forced myself to breathe evenly. Of course I knew that about Izzy. When she was stressed, she blocked out other people’s thoughts like ignoring the constant background noise of a coffee shop. I couldn’t blame her for funneling all of her focus into keeping us on the road. The dial of her speedometer crept up higher and higher as she pulled into the shoulder of the road to fly past a particularly bumbling truck.

But she was right.

*Something* made that happen. And that something was, somehow, me.

“We can’t go back to yours, you know,” I said, calculating fast. Trying to make a plan.

“Yeah, no shit. I know exactly where we’re going.” 

I knew the look on her face well. Izzy had already made up her mind. 

“I imagine it’s not the police station,” I said.

It was a relief to see her break out in a smile. 

“God, you’re an idiot,” she said, in that affectionate way she had since we were small.

We surged forward as quickly as Izzy dared, leaving the chaos behind us. 

***

“*This* was your brilliant idea?”

Izzy slammed the car into park and shut the engine off. “Do you have a better one?”

“I’d probably have an idea that doesn’t involve my stoner brother, yeah.”

She scoffed and threw her door open without bothering to answer.

I heaved myself out of the car after her.

Izzy had driven us in tense silence forty-five minutes west, away from the clogged streets of the capital. I spent the entire rest of the drive panning my stare out the window, searching for more cars trailing us. Every darkly-tinted window made the hair on the back of my neck rise in panic. 

I didn’t realize where she was taking us until we were a few streets away from the rundown apartment complex. The complex looked like it hadn’t been touched by a building inspector since the 70s. The wood-paneled exterior had been bleached grey by the sun. Shingles blown off the roof peppered the dead grass here and there. The outside reeked like cigarettes and stale piss, which my brother liked for the ambiance. Or maybe he just liked that he wasn’t going to stick out to the cops with neighbors like his.

“Your stoner brother,” she snapped, “is the only one stupid enough to agree to this.”

“To *what?*”

But Izzy didn’t answer me. She just stormed up the front sidewalk, fast-walking. I could tell by the look on her face that she was listening as hard as she could for any dangerous thoughts beyond us. 

For once, I was grateful for her ability.

Izzy sent me a sharp smile over her shoulder. “You’re always grateful for me.”

I laughed and hurried to walk alongside her. “I’d be more grateful if you could tell me what your plan is.”

She hesitated at the foot of the sagging stairs leading up to my brother’s floor. Then she nodded toward her car. “I don’t think that’s safe for us. I wouldn’t put it past them to put a tracker on it. We’ll talk your brother into trading cars, which will be dead easy.”

“And then?”

Izzy growled, exasperated. “And then we’ll figure it out! You could help think of shit too.”

I rolled my eyes. Truthfully, my brain felt scattered and shot. I couldn’t quite take in everything that had happened. Couldn’t quite process the possibility that I had a power in me worth all *this*. Instead I said, “Don’t you think they’ll figure out what the hell you’re doing here?”

Another thought boiled up in me, a worry I couldn’t bring myself to put into words: what would they do to my brother?

“Your brother will be fine.” Izzy hesitated. “Maybe.”

“Oh, great. That’s very reassuring.”

Izzy grinned now, as if the adrenaline was finally hitting her. There was more excitement than fear in her eyes now. “You know he can take care of himself. We just won’t tell him anything that could get him in trouble.” Then she turned and took the stairs up two at a time.

I groaned and loped after her up the steps. By the time I reached the top floor, she was already banging on my brother’s door.

I glanced down at my watch. “It’s before noon,” I said. “He’s probably not even awake.”

But Izzy just kept pounding her fist against the door like she hadn’t heard me. “Hey,” she yelled through the door frame. “Get your lazy ass up.”

No response from beyond the door. 

I eased past her and lifted up the door mat, where my brother always hid his spare key. When I straightened up, Izzy snatched it out of my hand and jammed it in the door knob. 

“I’m telling you,” I said, “there’s no way he’s—”

The knob twisted in Izzy’s hand before she could even turn it. The door swung inward, and there stood my brother Noah in his boxers and robe, a bowl of cereal in hand. The reek of pot smoke hit us the moment he opened the door.

“Jesus, dude,” I said, scowling. I glanced past him to see the apartment in its usual state of disorder. The television buzzed in the background behind him. “You could open a window you know.”

“Hey little bro. Missed you too.” He shoveled more cereal in his mouth, then pointed a thumb over his shoulder. Before he even opened his mouth to speak again, Izzy already pushed past him. Noah neatly sidestepped her; he was just as used to her preempting his thought as I was. But he gave me a goofy smile and said, “Did you know you're on TV?”

“Oh shit. Really?”

Inside the apartment, Izzy stood in the living room, twisting her ponytail over and over. “Oh, God,” she kept saying, over and over to herself.

“Yeah, dude. I don’t know who you pissed off but damn.” He laughed and laughed. “You’re in some *shit*.”
***
 | 

My plan is to update 9 Levels of Hell every Monday and The World-Ender every Wednesday. :) Thanks for reading!

The next bot update you get will be for 9 Levels, not The World-Ender. I'm warning you all now so I don't play with anyone's heart ;)| 
***
**Part 3**

“Wait!” Clint yelled. “I’m sorry! You don’t have to shoot me!”

She hissed at him, “Shut the hell up. They’ll hear you.”

Clint whirled around. Scanned the cheery, sleepy little neighborhood. There wasn’t another soul in sight, but he could have sworn he saw curtains twitch in the window across the street.

“I just woke up here,” he explained. “I’m just trying to figure out what’s going on.”

“Figure it out somewhere else.”

The roar of a car engine resounded somewhere behind Clint. He flattened himself against the door and tried to crouch low. Over the rail of the woman’s porch, he could see a truck coming down the road, full of people. He saw the glint of guns rested on knees, and every head craned and turned like they were looking for anyone caught outside without a weapon.

Clint clutched at the handle of his knife.

“Oh, shit,” murmured the woman at the window. She started to lower her window shut. “You’d better run, buddy.”

“What?”

“That’s Florence’s gang.”

“I can’t die in here,” he said, his voice rising to a panicked pitch. He twisted hard at the doorknob, which was firmly locked. “I have to save my girlfriend. If I die, she dies.”

He didn’t pause to explain himself, but he didn’t have to. The woman stared at him like she was seeing him for the first time.

The door opened a crack. Clint dove inside and slammed it shut. His hand hit the woman’s as they reached together to flick the deadbolt over.

“Follow me,” she said, army-crawling across the floor. She had a heavy camping backpack on, full to the brim. When she moved he could hear the vague rattle of metal on metal from inside. “Basement,” she explained. “Now. They’re looters.”

“Looters?”

“Jesus, did you *literally* just join today?” The woman scoffed and kept going.

Clint dropped to his knees and followed her, feeling ridiculous. But then from far away he heard the rattle of a gun and someone’s muffled shriek. The woman paused to wrestle a mangled copy of the Rules out of her cargo pants pocket. Only the number had now changed: 99. Another cry of bullets. As she folded the Rules back up, the number blurred and faded to 98.

“Shit! How many people were here in the first place?”

“Two hundred and fifty.” She paused in the kitchen to push open the back door. Clint almost questioned why, until he realized: she wanted to look as if she had tried to escape. “I’m surprised Death’s adding anyone new.”

Clint shrugged. “He said I’m interesting.”

“He says that to everyone.”

Clint tried not to look as put off as he felt by that. 

The woman flipped her rug back to reveal a trapdoor sunk into the floor. She heaved it open and told him, “You’re going to have to pull the rug back over when you shut the hatch. Try to make it not look folded to shit.”

Clint instantly wanted to smack himself for not thinking to move any rugs or furniture, wondered how much hidden help he had left in his own home. But there wasn’t enough time to worry about that. The woman tossed her backpack down into the darkness and followed after it.

The crunch of tires resounded from the driveway. Through the open window, he heard men and women talking. Harsh bark of someone’s laughter.

Clint went down after her. He held onto the corner of the rug and tugged it as neatly over the trapdoor as he could. As he let the trapdoor click shut, he heard the woman’s front door bang open. In the darkness, he could hear only the creak and groan of boots clunking overhead. 

For a moment, he froze there at the top of the ladder. Just listening.

Then the woman yanked at the bottom of his jeans, and he kept climbing down.

The cellar smelled wet and warm, and when his eyes began to adjust to the darkness, he could nearly make out the shape of shelves lining the walls. She had stacks of canned food, bottled water, boxes of shotgun shells. The woman was grabbing those, cramming them in her backpack. She whirled toward him and grabbed his shoulder, pressed her mouth to his ear to whisper quiet as a breath, “Do you have a gun?”

He shook his head, quickly.

She cursed and kicked at the air, noiselessly. Then reached behind her shelf and offered him a semi-automatic pistol. It was cold and heavier than he expected.

“Do you know how to shoot?”

Again, Clint shook his head.

The feet crisscrossed back and forth overhead. Cabinet doors banged open, and boxes hit the floor as the men scavenged. The woman was so close he could smell her sweat and fear. He clutched the gun and felt the hot tickle of her frustrated breath against his neck.

“You’re going to have to figure it out,” she muttered. “I have a plan.”
*** 
 || 
***
Part 5 is currently up on  for all levels of supporters! :) So if you're a patron, scamper over there to see what's happening next. <3 Thanks for reading!
*** 
I shoved past my brother so fiercely the milk sloshed out of his cereal bowl and onto his bare chest. He smeared it off with the edge of his robe.

“Dude! You could be a little chill.” He yanked his spare key out of the door and dropped it in his robe pocket before shutting and locking the door once more. 

The glare I gave him seemed to sober him up, just a little. “You really expect me to be *chill* right now?”

My own face stared back at me on the television screen. They pulled the picture off some social media account or another. The one of my arm slung over Izzy’s shoulders, our grins wide and a bit drunk. That had been at a house party last year, celebrating Izzy’s graduation. Back when she knew she was going to use her powers to change the world.

And it took only minutes for everything to change.

The news anchor, a serious-looking woman in a dark suit, stared out grimly from the screen. A banner message ran under her head: *EMERGENCY BROADCAST*. 

The anchor said, “—is believed Woolf caused an accident in which two FBI agents were injured and thirteen civilians were sent to the emergency room. Everyone involved is expected to make a full recovery. The suspects”—our photo overtook the screen again—“twenty-six-year-old Eli Woolf and his accomplice Isabelle Gomez are powered individuals. The information we have right now indicates that all members of the public should treat them as armed and dangerous.”

“I like that they think you work for me though,” I said, to try to still the anxiety bubbling in my belly. Humor was my only good coping skill. My only way to keep the rising waves of panic from drowning me.

That wormed a smile out of Izzy. She dug her elbow into my ribs. “God, you really don’t know when to shut up.”

Noah flopped down on the couch behind us. He propped his feet up alongside the massive purple bong on his coffee table. “I bet Mom is so proud of you right now bro. You’re famous.”

I looked at him, halfway debating catching the edge of the cereal bowl and upending it all over his belly. But we weren’t little boys anymore, neither one of us had time for another stupid wrestling match. Instead I volleyed back, “Even as a national fugitive, you know I’m less disappointing than you.”

Noah cackled. “Fuckin’ don’t I, dude.”

Izzy glared at the both of us. “Can you two take this seriously for twelve seconds? Goddamn.” Her thumb jerked back toward the screen. “How long has this been on?”

“I don’t know. I’ve only been up like half an hour. It’s on all the channels though.”

I panned my attention back to the screen. Our picture was still there, hovering in the upper corner beside the news anchor’s head. She said, “Agent Howe, is there any other information you can give the public on how to keep themselves safe at this time?”

The camera switched suddenly, and my belly felt like it was going to drop out of my asshole. There was the agent who had followed Izzy out of her interview. I had only seen his face from a distance, but I’d recognize the gravel of his voice anywhere.

Agent Howe straightened his broad shoulders. He stood in the lobby of the building we had fled barely an hour earlier, his face severe. “We strongly urge all citizens in the immediate D.C. area to stay inside, if you can help it. If you see this man or this woman, do not attempt to approach them. Call 911 immediately. Our team is working—”

I leaned forward and shut the TV off. Then I whirled to face Noah and Izzy. Noah still had the vague, simple smile of someone who shouldn’t find this as funny as he did. Izzy was doing her best not to look afraid.

“We,” I said, meeting Izzy’s eye, “have to get out of here.” I didn’t bother telling her that I had no idea where the hell we’d go. She didn’t have to be a telepath to see that all over my face.

“So what’s your power, little brother?”

“I don’t *know*.”

“It’s gotta be badass.” Noah slurped the last of the cereal out of his bowl and set it down on the table. “Maybe you get to blow up car engines.”

“Yeah, they’re sending the goddamn FBI after me over that.” 

Izzy crossed to the window and peered out at the sleepy street. At her car, still parked just out front. “I need you to trade cars with us,” she said, without looking back at Noah.

Noah looked mildly offended. “I’m not sacrificing Delilah to you.”

I rolled my eyes. Delilah was Noah’s name for the ratty hunk of shit he called a car. As if naming it made it more endearing. “Would you prefer I get arrested?”

“I think I would!” He reached for his bong. “You know I love that car more than you.”

I yanked it out of his hands and slammed it down on the TV stand with a heavy thud. “Can you stay focused?”

My brother sighed heavily. He settled back into the couch and folded his arms behind his head. His dark hair sat in a messy bun atop his head. “I know a girl who can change your faces. It’ll only last a few hours, but hey.” He shrugged. “Might help.”

Izzy turned away from the window, brows raising in interest at that. She said, “How close is she to here?”

Noah pushed himself off the couch and stretched like a cat. He scratched absently at his belly then nodded down the narrow hall leading his bedroom and bathroom. “Give me a minute and we’ll find out.” He punched my shoulder as he walked by me, his smile wild and boyish. “This is like an adventure, man! I always wanted to go on a road trip with you.”

“I’m glad you’re having fun with it,” I muttered. 

But that was just like Noah. He always liked the thrilling and dangerous and unknown. Another unbridgeable difference between us. I always told myself *no*; Noah never slowed down to consider anything but *hell yes*.

Izzy perched herself at the window again. She hovered just far enough back to keep anyone from seeing her worried face peeking out through the glass. “We need to hurry,” she said, her voice rising in anxiety.

“Yeah yeah,” Noah called from down the hall, as if we were going to be late for a movie. “You know I’ll get us out of shit.” His bedroom door slammed shut.

Because he was too far away to hear me, I conceded to Izzy, “You know he probably will.” I’d been envious of my brother’s power since I was old enough to realize just how much he had that I didn’t. 

But Izzy scowled, unconvinced. “Only if he’s sober enough to fucking focus.” 

“He will be,” I said, not altogether sure of it myself.

Izzy saw the doubt flick across my mind. “Yeah,” she spat back. “Sure.”

Noah’s door flung open at the end of the hall. He emerged now in a pair of cargo shorts and a death metal T-shirt, a backpack slung over his shoulder. He had a cell phone that looked almost as old as I was. One of those old flip phones that only had a number pad, a dim black and white screen.

I crinkled up my nose when I saw it. “Do they even make those anymore?”

My brother laughed. “Nah. But I like it. Makes texts and calls, and that’s all I need.” He glanced down at it again as the phone buzzed in his hand. “Cool. She said she could meet us down at The Rabbit in 20.”

That was the concert hall my brother managed, a grubby little place that focused mostly on whatever niche genres he was most into at the time. It felt dangerous still, too closely connected to us. But nowhere was safe for us. Not anymore.

Noah glanced between the both of us with that reckless smile of his. “You kids ready to hit the road?”

Before I could answer, Izzy shushed the both of us, viciously. She went rigid as a wet cat, her stare locking onto the front door. “Don’t answer it,” she hissed.

Seconds later, a dull, heavy knock rang through the thin walls of the apartment.

They had already found us.

My brother cracked his knuckles and said, “Oh, this should be fun.”
***
 | 

The next time you hear from me, it will probably be on Monday when I post the next bit of 9 Levels of Hell :) 

By the way, I mentioned this on my 9 Levels update yesterday but in case you didn't get the chance to see it...

If you ONLY want to get notifications when I post The World-Ender, I have a solution for you. You can reply to this post with 

>HelpMeButler <The World-Ender>

to only hear about posts that include "The World-Ender" in the title. You **must** make sure that HelpMeButler is all one word and you include the <little carrot brackets>. If you want to unsubscribe from the main UpdateMe bot in order to only get W-E updates, you can click  to message the bot. :)| 

***
The voice I had heard on the TV only seconds earlier said through the door, “Please don’t make this any more difficult than it has to be, Mr. Woolf.” 

My heart rocketed into my throat. Agent Howe. But I had seen him on the live feed from the FBI building only seconds earlier. There was no way he could have made the drive in that time.

My stare flicked to Izzy’s. I nearly asked her which she thought was the real agent: the one on TV or the one at our door. But her eyes were wide discs of panic. She wasn’t focusing on me or my thoughts at all. Her stare clung to the wall as she folded herself down into a crouch. I ducked down beside her. 

When I looked away from the door, I saw what had made her slowly crumple down: the fine red point of a laser scope, hovering on the wall opposite the window. Just waiting for one of us to get close enough to take the shot.

If my brother saw it, he didn’t seem to care. He looked between the two of us like we were children in a haunted house. Before he could even open his mouth, Izzy shook her head, fiercely.

“Whatever you want to say,” she whispered, her voice breathy and barely audible, “*don’t*.”

Noah just grinned at the pair of us, like . He hollered, “Just a minute! Gotta find some pants, man.” 

Izzy looked like she could strangle him.

“What the hell are you doing?” I hissed at him. 

“Easy. Wasting their time.” Noah reached out and grabbed my arm first, then Izzy’s. “We’re going down,” he said.

Then, my brother jumped in the air. His feet hit the floor and kept going, as easily as breaking water. No matter how often my brother used his power on me, I could never get used to the strange sensation of my atoms humming and separating themselves just enough to allow us to pass through solid surfaces. It made me feel like cooked spaghetti, like my body couldn’t quite hold itself together. 

But the moment only lasted a few seconds. Long enough for us to plunge through the thin layers of flooring and insulation and fall through his downstairs neighbors’ ceiling.

We landed heavily in a pile on the floor in the living room of a stranger’s apartment, narrowly missing landing on their television or coffee table . I looked around, trying to figure out how to react. Its floor plan was nearly identical to my brother’s living room, but this apartment was actually clean. We could not have looked more out of place: a radio hummed from the kitchen, gentle guitar with a man crooning along in Spanish; a lemon-yellow kitchen; gingham curtains; and a mother and her son staring at us in mute shock.

The little boy sat on the couch directly across from us, holding a little toy superhero. His arm froze with the toy held in midair, his mouth hanging open. The mother, however, looked more irritated than concerned.

“Noah,” she snapped, “this is the third time this month!”

“I know, I’m sorry Mrs. Hernandez.” Noah heaved himself up off the floor. “What can I say? The cops love me.”

Izzy scrambled to her feet. “Oh my god, I am *so* sorry—”

But the woman pressed on, scowling now, her kitchen spoon in his direction, “You make this place stink, you fall through my ceilings, you play music all hours of the night. How am I supposed to raise a child like this?” She shifted her attention to her son and let out a rapid-fire string of instructions that I couldn’t understand beyond *niño, niño, andale*. 

The boy leapt off the couch and hurried to his mother’s side. But he watched us, awed, like we were larger than life. 

Noah just loped lazily toward the wall leading outside and grabbed my elbow, pulling me along after him. He gave a wave to his neighbor, who was still ranting at him. “It’s great to see you too, Mrs. Hernandez!”

I was too mortified to come up with anything to say. Izzy looked just as red-cheeked as I felt. 

Overhead, feet stormed across the floors. I wondered just how many agents were flooding into Noah’s apartment. How long it would take for them to realize we were nowhere to be found. 

From his mother’s side, the boy piped up, “Can you teach me how to do that too, Mr. Noah?”

Noah glanced up at the noise overhead and snorted. “Next time, champ.” He reached out for Izzy’s arm and disappeared through the wall. I felt like water falling through a sieve, splitting and rejoining on the other side. The back wall of the apartment let out into the dark and dingy laundry room. The coin-op machines had *out of service* notes taped to them that looked months old. 

This had to be a familiar route for Noah, because he kept pulling us along, walking confidently toward a space between two of the machines.

“God, you made us all look like assholes,” I growled at him.

“Better than making us all look *dead*, bro.” For the first time since we had barged into his apartment, Noah’s relaxed demeanor slipped. Maybe he was just as scared as the rest of us. He just knew how to hide it better.

Izzy caught my eye and muttered to me, “You’re right.”

Noah rolled his eyes at the both of us. “You know I hate when you two have like… mental conversations right in front of me.” 

“Izzy could listen to you too if there was anything going on in your fucking head.”

Before the both of us could get caught up arguing, Izzy glared between the both of us and said, “Let’s save the bickering until we’re safely away from the people who want to kill us, maybe.”

Noah put his palm to the wall and paused. He tilted his head toward Izzy. “Do you hear anybody on the other side?”

Izzy hesitated for a long couple of seconds before she finally shook her head.

My brother’s adrenaline-grin overtook him again. His eyes brightened. “We’re going to run. Keep close to me if you don’t want to die, kiddos.”

“This is exactly how I imagined our first road trip would start,” I muttered.

Noah laughed. “The first of many, brother.”

And then he barreled through the solid wall of the laundry room. We tumbled out into sunlight that left me bewildered and blinking for a dangerous second. 

But Noah was already off and running, doubled down to make himself harder to notice. I could see exactly where he was going.

 I took off after him. Izzy paused to wrench off her low heels. I came to an awkward, skittering stop and doubled back to grab her hand and yank her along. My head whipped side to side as I tried to place where we were. 

Noah had led us out on the far wall of the apartment building, the side away from the road. I suddenly understood why this was his favorite escape route. The wall was nowhere near the apartment complex’s entrances. It spat us out on a narrow stretch of gravel that led straight to the parking lot. Scraggly bushes planted along the edge of the building eclipsed us from the main view of the road—and from anyone who might be posted at the corners of the building, just waiting for us to come out. 

“Come *on*,” I said, keeping my voice low, just in case. I yanked the hood of my sweater up over my head, for what little good that would do to disguise who I am. 

Izzy clutched my hand tightly and held her shoes in the other. Together we took off, Izzy on her tiptoes, sprinting like the gravel didn’t even hurt her. Or perhaps she was too dizzy with adrenaline to notice.

My brother skidded to a stop at his car, hunkering down low. It was only a few dozen yards away. He gestured, furiously, for us to hurry.

A voice behind us bellowed, “Stop! Stop or I’ll shoot!”

I dared a single glance over my shoulder. There was Agent Howe, a shiny black gun in his hand. 

The moment my eyes met his, my blood went cold in me. I came to a sudden freezing halt. A bizarre feeling swept over me, like dark fingers clutching my brain.

A voice I had never heard before swept over me like ice water. 

*That’s it. Stay nice and still.*

The agent’s face twisted in a grin as he stalked toward us.

Distantly, as if from underwater, I heard Izzy shrieking at me, “I told you not to look him in the eye.”
***
Part 6 is up on Patreon now! I plan on starting to do two parts a week once I'm finished with my edits for Volume 1 of 9 Levels of Hell :) Thanks for reading!

 || 
***
**Part 4**

Clint sat there alone at the bottom of the ladder. One hand held his gun trained at the ceiling overhead. The other held only a can of fruit cocktail. Sweat coursed down his forehead and his arms trembled. 

He watched as the woman pushed open the storm doors. She flooded the basement with light, and he saw how dim and dirty it really was. He wiped his damp palms off in his pants and grabbed his gun again.

The woman offered him a thumbs up before shutting the door silently behind her.

He was supposed to wait exactly a minute. He began counting as softly as he could—*one one thousand, two one thousand*—his tongue tracing the shape of the words so no one would overhear.

Exactly a minute, and then he only had to make a sound.

The footsteps were no longer overhead, not really. They seemed to be coming from all over the house. The ceiling overhead shuddered constantly with the weight of their feet and the crash of the woman’s things that the looters flung to the floor, looking for something they could *use*.

When he reached sixty, Clint froze for a moment. His panic was a hot thick bulb in his throat, choking him. But he thought of Rachel. He thought of the way she looked in that room, so close to death. 

*If you do nothing,* he told himself, *she’ll die. And there’s no point to anything if she’s gone.*

Clint lifted the can over his shoulder and heaved at the stack of tin cans and jarred preserves with all his strength. The cans fell clattering, and the glass shattered, and overhead all the boots burst into the kitchen.

“What the *hell* was that?” barked a woman’s voice. A stranger. She sounded as if she was the boss, because no one offered her a good answer right away. Florence. That’s what the woman had called her. The nervous tension made the air so thick that Clint could feel it hardening in his lungs. “You told me there’s no one here.”

“There *isn’t*,” a man stammered.

Florence scoffed. “You think a fucking ghost made that noise, boy? There is a basement. Find the opening. *Now*.” 

Before those feet could move, Clint heard the dense *boom* of the woman’s shotgun. It went off again, and with the second shot he heard the first body hit the floor, and then another. Machine guns began screaming, tearing into the kitchen walls. Something ceramic shattered.

Clint plunged up the steps with his gun in one hand. He heaved open the trap door and shot the man staring at him, too shocked to raise his gun in time. The gun seemed to explode in his hands, the bullet leaping out so fast that the gun nearly snapped back and hit Clint in the head. But he kept his arms stiff and straight and shot the man again as he opened his mouth in mute horror, catching him in the throat this time. He fell, cutting an arc of bullets into the kitchen cabinets, the ceiling.

Clint grabbed his boot and pulled him down into the basement. The man and his machine gun clattered to the floor. He leaped down after them.

A tremendous pain shot through his ankle when he hit the floor, and the earth around him exploded in little clouds of gunfire. He wrestled the gun off the man’s shoulder, raised it, and shot wildly through the floorboards overhead. 

At the back of his mind, he wondered if that woman was still alive. Wondered if she’d been mowed down in a hail of gunfire before he’d ever even learned her name.

But the reassuring thunder of her shotgun told him she was still alive, at the very least.

Blood began dripping down through the floorboards, dripping over him like a leaky roof on a rainy night. 

The gang’s leader called, her voice crackling with rage, “Fall back, fall back! Get back to the car!”

Clint leapt up the ladder in time to see three people fleeing: the woman who could only be Florence and two men flanking her. They all carried backpacks and semiautomatic rifles, which they hugged to their chests as they fled.

The woman’s kitchen was ruined. The windows were piles of broken glass scattered across the sink and floor. The cabinets splintered, riddled with bullets. Three men lay dead on the floor, their blood pooling all around them.

And the woman stood in the threshold of the back door, clutching her bleeding arm. She offered Clint a manic grin.

“Well done,” she told him. “I honestly didn’t think that would work.”

Clint’s stressed unspooled out of him in an impossible peal of laughter. “Then why the fuck did you ask me to *do* it?”

“Didn’t want to die. I have someone to save too, you know.” She shrugged and knelt before the dead men. With her good arm, she began digging through their pockets. “Help me search them.”

A hundred questions leapt to Clint’s mind. He wanted to ask her what she meant by that, but her grimace and the blood soaking her coat sleeve stopped him. “How badly did they get you?”

“Not bad. Just grazed me. Like a little bee sting.” She produced a plastic baggie of bandages from one of the men’s pockets and grinned. She slapped a thick wad of gauze over her arm and began wrestling the medical tape around it. 

Clint reached over and helped her tie it on, wordlessly. He had never slowed down to look at her closely before this. Her dark hair was streaked with silver threads, her face fierce and flickering like a fire. In the light he saw that her skin was smooth and brown as an avocado seed. She was old enough to be his mother, and she looked him over like he was helpless.

Together they searched the bodies. In the man’s backpack they found matches, a blanket, a dented can of beer.

The woman nodded over her shoulder toward the basement. Her eyes caught the light: deep mottled green. “Check what he’s got.”

Clint stared at the black opening of the basement. It seemed like the mouth of a demon now. He tried not to show how badly he was shuddering as he climbed down the steps.

The man lay there face down on the floor, his blood pouring out of him. Clint stood at the edge of the pool, nausea rising in his belly. He had killed a man. True, the man had been trying to kill him, but his life ended for the last time the second that Clint chose to squeeze that trigger one more time. He hoped no one else in this game was like him. That he’d only killed one person today, and not robbed someone else’s Rachel of her chance at life.

The woman descended the ladder behind him. She peered over his shoulder and asked, “What did you find?”

Clint just shrugged and stared.

She squeezed his shoulder reassuringly. Tried on a ghost of a smile. “You did the right thing.”

“I know.” But he couldn’t bring himself to move.

The woman stepped into the blood. It lapped thick and tacky around the soles of her boots. She crouched to feel the man’s pockets, his backpack. She tossed Clint everything she found: a pocketknife, a few boxes of ammunition, an extra empty magazine 

“Fifty-five rounds,” the woman told him when she offered him the bullets. “Don’t waste them.” Then she stepped out of the blood, leaving the shape of her shoes behind. She made for the storm doors. “It looks like it’s time for the both of us to move on, anyway.”

“Can I go with you?” Clint heard his voice rise nervously. He felt silly asking, like a child.

But the woman gave him a real smile this time. “I had hoped you would.”

He followed her out to the road.
***
 |(psst, hi Royal Road, I posted this to your site <3 thanks for making sure no one is stealing work!)

[WP] You die in your girlfriends arms after saving her from a careless driver. Suddenly you wake up in your bed, completely healed and your clothes fixed. You look over and see death sitting at your desk. “Okay hear me out,” it says. “I’ve been playing this video game, and I wanna try something..."

***

**Part One**

Clint expected to wake up to death. But not quite like this.

He remembered everything. It played over and over in that infinite darkness that overtook him: the car, burning; Rachel, screaming; the hot waves of his own blood pouring down his neck.

But she had lived. He had gotten her out of that car, used both his hands to squeeze the sputtering wound of her thigh shut until he he heard the wail of ambulances.

And then Clint collapsed. He remembered realizing, as he stared at the wet pavement, he would never get up again.

But when Clint opened his eyes, he saw his own bedroom ceiling. He reached up, and the gash on the side of his head was gone. He was still wearing his old Arctic Monkeys hoodie, which had been soaked in his and Rachel's blood.

"What the hell," Clint muttered. He sat up, stared across his room. And shrieked.

A man in a crisp black suit sat at Clint's desk. He held a phone that seemed to be all glass, yet it gleamed brightly in the man's hands.

"Oh," he said. "You're awake."

Clint stared around in confusion and mounting horror. "Why are you in my house?" he managed. Easiest of the questions he could ask.

"Better question is why are *you* in your house?" 

"Uh. I live here?"

"I can't believe you forgot what happened yesterday." The man finally pocketed his phone. "Sorry. Work never rests."

Clint clutched at his hoodie. The blood that should have been there. "What's happening?"

"You may call me Death." The man spread his thin boney fingers. "You may have heard of me. We met, yesterday. I'm the one who picked you up off the road."

"Then how am I alive?"

"Oh, you're not." Death smoothed the lapels of his suit and stood to look out the window. "This is a new sort of in between I've devised." He smiled over his shoulder at Clint. "I've been trying these things called *video games*, you see."

Clint couldn't help his laugh. All this was too absurd, too insane. "Can you please get out of my house before I call the police?"

Death turned to him and scowled. "This is not your home, Clint Whitaker. This is one of the unused levels of hell. And you are part of my new experiment."

Shock and disbelief warred in Clint's mind. He shook his head and insisted, "That's insane. That's not possible."

"You remember dying yesterday, don't you?"

Clint nodded.

"Surely resurrection is more unlikely than death."

"This isn't what I imagined death would look like."

"Oh, no one ever imagines death quite right." The man walked to Clint's bedside and smirked down at him. "But you and I are going to play a little game. We're going to see if you can get to the castle and rescue the princess."

He offered his phone to Clint.

Clint reached out a shuddering hand and took it. On the screen, he saw a hospital room. And unmistakably in the bed lay Rachel in a sea of tubes and wires.

"You kept her alive when you died, true." Death's smile was wicked and delighted. "But you haven't saved her from me yet."

"Are you fucking crazy? You'd kill her just as part of some stupid game?"

"Yes. I'd also save her as part of some stupid game." Death walked to the door. "It's your choice, of course. But if you do nothing, know she will die."

"But what am I supposed to *do?*"

"Escape hell. Find where I've hidden her." Death grinned. "Think of yourself like a modern Orpheus in reverse. If you don't keep looking for your girl, she's gone for good. And so are you."

Clint scrambled out of bed and yelled at him, "Why the fuck are you doing this to us?"

Death smiled again. "It's quite simple. You're interesting, and I'm bored."

And then he walked out of the room, shutting the door behind him.

When Clint tried to follow, Death was already gone.

***

**Part Two**

Clint stormed around his house, looking for tips or tools or anything he could turn into something useful, usable. He knew video games. After he graduated college and began working and seeing Rachel, he no longer had the time for it. But the logic was still there.

Anything could be helpful. Clues could be anywhere.

Clint scoured his apartment, throwing open drawers and cabinets and every closet he had. Though this apartment matched his real one in appearances, nearly everything was empty. His clothes were gone, his refrigerator barren. All the random little bits and baubles in the kitchen junk drawer had vanished. All Rachel’s extra hair ties and bobby pins that she kept in his bathroom drawer were gone too, and he missed them more than he thought possible.

In the bathroom, Clint caught his reflection in the mirror. He looked nearly like himself—dark-haired, eternally scruffy, confused as all hell—except there was a huge scar lacing his temple like a map of a river. He ran his fingers over the raised edge in disbelief. The scar tissue was shiny, smooth, undeniably there.

He piled up his scant inventory on the kitchen counter, everything he had managed to scrounge up from its various hiding places:

A backpack. A roll of duct tape. Another change of clothes. His jacket. Two steak knives. A compass. A couple bottles of painkillers. Bandages. A huge map with only a single circle occupying its entirety, marked on the rim with the words **LEVEL ONE**. Inside that first level, only Clint’s house was labeled, a little red dot with a house symbol beside it. And last of all, pinned to the front door, was the List of Rules.

Clint kept reading it over and over again. Hoping it would become a little less real. But every word looked like it was written in fire, the letters sharp-edged as a knife and tinged with ash:

>*Welcome to the first-ever Hell Game! You are one of a hundred lucky people to make it to the beta testing.* 
>
>*There are only three rules in the Hell Game:*
>
>*1) If you die, you lose.*
>
>*2) If you reach the end of the ninth level, you live.*
>
>*3) You may kill each other, if you like.*

Clint devised a duct tape sheath for his biggest steak knife. It was a flimsy thing and looked stupid hanging off his belt, but it would keep his knife at the ready. When he stood the knife clattered against his thigh, and he thought of the way that blood had just flooded out of Rachel. He thought of the way she had gripped his wrists and cried that she didn’t want to die.

*You won’t,* he told her. *You won’t you won’t you won’t.*

He told himself again, “You won’t die.” Half to himself. Half to Rachel, if she could hear him at all.

Clint stuffed his backpack full. He placed the map in his hoodie pocket and slung on his backpack.

Then, he had no choice but to open the door.

It looked exactly like Earth. The air was bright and clear and carried the faraway laughter of children. But his apartment was no longer in a grimy complex on the bad side of town. It was a pleasant yellow house in a rainbow row of cottages, each one shut up tight. Clint stood on his porch for a long few seconds, staring out at the verdant lawns, the infinite blue sky.

He began walking down the street. These houses looked empty and same-ish, as if someone had copy-and-pasted the same house over and over again with slightly different coloring.

Clint pulled his map out of his pocket. As he walked, the outer ring of the first layer began to fill itself in. Little bricks of houses, some of them with question marks hovering over them. He paused, staring. It made sense, of course, if he remembered this was not reality, no matter how much it looked like it could be. The map updated itself as he explored. Offered him hints of where to go next.

He pivoted back to the house he had just passed. It was robin’s egg blue, and a cherry pie sat on the open window sill. 

Clint crept up the porch, the stairs groaning beneath him. He put a hand on the knob.

A shot rang out from beside him, so loud that Clint didn’t even hear his own yell of surprise. The porch rail behind him was splintered and gored and Clint tried not to imagine that as his head.

“Put your hands up,” he heard around the ringing in his ears. 

Clint put his hands up and looked out the corner of his eye at the open window. There, hidden behind the pie, was the dark muzzle of a shotgun. A woman held it, and her glare pierced him like a bullet itself.

His heart began pounding, maddened. He remembered the rules.

Death was possible here. Real death. And he was staring it down the barrel.

The woman’s finger flexed over the trigger.
***Hi! I if you already read this on WP, you can either click  or comment **SubscribeMe!** on this thread to get a PM when I post part 2 

Also by the time I post part 2 I should have, uh... a title... ;) Thanks for reading!

***



***
I sat in the lobby of the J. Edgar Hoover Building, awkward as hell and waiting out the clock. I couldn't shake the feeling that the receptionist kept glancing at me, as if she had to keep reminding herself why I was here.

Like usual, I was Izzy's entourage somewhere. I had gotten used to living in the comfortable shade of her reputation. Ever since we first met as schoolchildren, Izzy had been the gifted one. The one who was going to do something with her life. She could glance into my mind and read my every worry as clear as a page in a book. Most people were born with an ordinary magic: an affinity for finding things, random and usually unhelpful blips of predestination if you were lucky.

But someone like Izzy... she was special. Telepathy was a rare enough gift, much less one as powerful as her. Most people who could peer into minds looked as if through a thick pane of fogged glass. But Izzy could peer into your mind and find anything she wanted.

That's why it came as little surprise to me the day she informed me that she was going to apply for government work. We both knew she was destined to do something that mattered. I was surprised the morning of her followup interview, when she asked me to go to the heart of downtown Washington D.C. with her.

Before I could even open my mouth and ask her why, Izzy smiled sideways at me and said, like she always did, "Because you're my good luck charm."

But I didn't feel very lucky. I sat in that grand lobby, with its high marble ceilings, feeling smaller and more powerless than I ever had before.

The receptionist just kept staring and staring. I did my best to watch at the floor and try to blend into the wall. Maybe she was a telepath like Izzy. Maybe she could tell at a glance that I could never belong in a place like this. They weeded out the empties like me on the first round of interviews. Unsuitable. Not worth the resources.

The receptionist's eyes never left me as she plucked the phone off her desk and started furtively dialing. She cupped her hand around her mouth so I could not see her lips move as she spoke.

Before my imagination could carry itself any further, a sudden voice at my ear made me start in my chair.

"Eli," Izzy murmured, "we have to go. Now."

I looked at the clock on the wall. "It's been barely ten min--"

"We are walking calmly to my car," she said, as if I had not started speaking. "Look at the ground and keep your mouth shut."

I held her stare for a long second, the corner of my mouth pulling up involuntarily. This had to be a joke.

"It's not," she hissed. She grabbed my upper arm and pulled me to my feet.

"Ma'am," came a man's voice from behind us. I turned to see a broad-shouldered man in a crisp suit and the smooth, carefully composed face of a cop. He pushed open the doors Izzy had just emerged from. "Ma'am!"

"What did you do?"

"If you want to leave here alive, you're going to do what I said." Izzy twined her fingers in mine like she only did when she was afraid. She dug her fingernails into the back of my hand.

This time I let her pull me towards the door.

The receptionist kept murmuring rapidly into her phone. Her stare swiveled after us as she stood from her chair to watch us go. We passed just close enough for me to make out snatches of what she was saying.

"--male, mid-twenties, dark hair--"

The agent was jogging now, calling out Izzy's full name and saying, with a breathless laugh, "Now hold on a minute, this isn't anything serious."

Izzy heaved herself against the front doors of the building as if she wasn't sure they would open. She shoved past another person trying to enter on the other side and kept pulling me along. Suddenly I was grateful I had been too cheap to park in the building's parking garage.

Just what the hell was going on here?

"I heard something. In his head." She dared a glance up from the pavement to might my eye for only a moment. "It's not safe to talk here."

For once, I didn't even keep arguing with her in my mind. I just quickened my pace. We were at the sidewalk now, waiting for the light to change to let us across. Cars whipped past us, too quickly for us to dart across the street. I didn't need telepathy to see Izzy strongly consider it.

She arched her nails into my palm again. "Slow down. Act natural."

The FBI agent caught up with us close enough now to reach out for Izzy's forearm. She sidestepped smoothly out of his grasp.

"Is everything quite alright, Miss Gomez?"

"I told you, I'm feeling suddenly and violently ill. Food poisoning." She did not lift her eyes up from the ground. When I started to, she bit her fingernails into my palm until the pain drew my stare down, involuntarily. I held in my gasp of surprise.

The agent stuck his hand out toward me. "I didn't catch your name, Mister...?"

The light changed, and Izzy only said, "I'll give you a call," before she pulled me across the road.

I followed Izzy obediently until we made it across the street, past the trawling crowds of tourists ever-circling the path to the White House. Izzy burrowed into them and through them like a kind of camouflage.

"Are you going to tell me what the hell is going on here?" I managed. I risked a glance over my shoulder to see the agent still on the sidewalk corner, watching us. He had a cell phone pressed to his ear now.

Izzy gave me a long, dismal look. "It's good news and bad news. And it can wait until we get to the car."

She saw every doubt and uncertainty race across my mind. She saw me plan to plant my feet firmly in place and refuse to move until she told me everything.

Now her sigh seethed out through her teeth. "Listen. You're not as powerless as you think. I'm not the only one who thinks you're a good luck charm." Her eyes met mine, and I saw real panic in them. My belly dropped to the earth. "But we need to go. Now."

This time, I followed her without arguing, inside or out of my head.
***

***
Whoa holy thanks for the gold <3| 
***
Thanks for reading! :) I'm still sick as all hell but writing this and 9 Levels has been a really nice way to get my mind off of feeling miserable <3 I appreciate you all

Also, I posted some info at the end of this chapter about getting notifications on Discord for when I post updates on this, in case any of you are interested
***
I couldn’t think. I couldn’t even convince my eyes to blink. Instead I just stood there, my eyes locked to his. 

That voice kept smoothing over me like velvet. *This is why you should never try to run from me, Mr. Woolf.*

Agent Howe had the triumphant look of a man who had already won. 

Someone tugged hard at my arm, as if from far away. I swatted the hand away without looking. Every fiber of my being screamed at me that I needed to walk toward him. That there was no safe option but forward. It was as if my body’s panic response flew into overdrive, urging me to run, run *now*, away from Izzy, away from Noah, away—

My muscles tensed to run.

The air between Agent Howe and I solidified into a mass, like a thick wall of ice. The empty space between us condensed, sucking itself inward, until it was a solid wall of humming particles that stretched from the edge of the apartment building to the building beside it. 

It was enough to keep the agents at bay, for now. Until they had time to run around the other side.

 I blinked hard, stared at it for a long second. My thoughts scattered in every direction, and I stood there dumbfounded, trying to scoop them off the floor of my mind.

Now I recognized the pull on my arm. Izzy. Her voice sounded hoarse. How long had she been screaming at me?

She reached up to slap me across the cheek, just hard enough to clear the fog clouding my brain.

I clutched the bright burning and focused on that. Focused on the clarity it  gave me. “What the hell was that?” I spat out. I felt as if I had the brain of a drunk.

“Run now,” she told me, breathlessly. “Talk later.”

And then Izzy took my hand and pulled me along after her. 

My brother stood alongside his car now, hands outstretched, his face knitted in concentration. His knuckles curled as if he was gripping the air itself. His stare did not waver from the wall, as though it took every fiber of his being to focus on it.

We sprinted across the parking lot to his side.

Noah dipped his chin down toward the ground, and opened and shut his mouth, trying to focus enough to speak.

I glanced down to see his car keys between his feet. I stooped to pick them up. “Got it,” I told him.

Izzy plucked them out of my hands. “I’m driving,” she said.

Well. There was no arguing with that tone.

She allowed herself a thin, humorless smile. “You’re right.” She leapt to the driver’s side door and unlocked the car. “Get in! Backseat, Eli. Where they can’t see you.”

I hurled myself into the backseat of the rusty blue tin, among all the empty takeout bags and old gym clothes my brother had stuffed back there and never taken care of. I hunkered down on my belly and peered out the back windshield at the sharp line of Noah’s back.

Noah let his hands drop. He turned and fled for the car as the wall behind him started trembling and shuddering.

Izzy dove across the center console to fling open the passenger door for him. 

I half-expected the wall to melt. As if the atoms would just slid back into the air and dissipate outward. But all that pressure of the air condensing on itself released and exploded outward. My brother staggered backward as the outward force of the air nearly knocked him on his ass. But he was braced for it, caught himself before his legs could give out beneath him.

The agents weren’t so lucky.

The force of the air slipping back into place sent a wall of wind scything outward. It culled down the agents who had approached the wall as if they could kick or shoot their way through it. They flew through the air like rag dolls. It would have been hilarious in its own morbid way, if I could get my mind off the very real possibility of dying.

My brother threw himself into the passenger seat. He was still shutting the door when Izzy threw the car into reverse. It barreled backward. We squealed rubber across the parking lot. 

“We can’t go out the main exit,” Noah said. He clutched the handle of the car door. His fingers drummed a frantic, tempoless rhythm. He seemed just as frantic and scared as I was, even if he was better at hiding it.

“Thanks for the obvious.” Izzy glanced at him as she revved the car over the curb at the edge of the parking lot, across the grass between Noah’s apartment complex and the next. She skidded across grass and gravel, the car jolting as its wheels turned, seeking traction. “How many more times can you do that?”

“However many we need to,” Noah said through his teeth. He swiveled his head left and right, then back toward me. “You watch our back, little brother.”

The car hit a dip in the grass that knocked me up out of the seat and cracked my head against the ceiling of the car. I fumbled to click my seatbelt on. When I looked back again, a slick black sedan was already crawling across the grass toward us.

“Noah,” I said. “*Look*.”

My brother turned his head and cursed.

Something rattled against the ceiling of the car like a fist. I looked up. The ceiling buckled inward toward us. The floor, too, began to crumple, as if we were trapped in the hand of an angry god. I clung to the door handle like that could save us.

“What the fuck!” Izzy shrieked.

Noah scoffed under his breath. “Shit. I really hoped they would just shoot at us.” He waved a hand through the window and palmed a solid wall of air out behind us.

The air in the car stretched and heated, like the inner heat of a sauna. Even the breath within me thinned like a ribbon. I coughed for a long and horrible second, trying to breathe. 

Then the air rocketed out of Noah’s palm. It collided with the car behind us and sent it spinning. The backward force of the air compacting and pressurizing itself out of Noah’s fingers sent us skittering forward.

Delilah chugged and groaned, but the car kept on going. Izzy launched us over the curb of the neighboring parking lot, and we skidded out of the parking lot entrance and onto the road.

“If you could figure out your power right fucking now, little brother, that would be *great*.” Noah panted hard. For the first time, I wondered how much it took out of him to use his power. He had barely used it around me, not like that. Only to hide shit from our parents seconds before they walked into the room.

I scowled at him, then back at the road out the back windshield. “You think I’m not *trying?*”

Izzy barked at Noah, “Where the fuck is The Rabbit?”

“You’re going to make like you’re heading downtown, but keep off the main road. Off the highway. They’ll definitely be trying to set up blockades.” Noah pressed his lips together, brows furrowed. He ran a palm along the inner dip of the car’s roof and pushed up against it. The air in the car warmed again, but he only let out a little puff of it. Just enough to pop the roof back into shape. “You know you owe me a new car, right?”

The grin he passed me was light and teasing, as if there was nothing wrong at all. As if we weren’t running for our lives.

I couldn’t help but smile back.

Izzy veered the car onto another side street. “They’re going to follow us,” she said. “Shit. *Shit*.” She slammed the heel of her palm against the steering wheel. 

My mind chugged and churned, trying to formulate a plan. “Couldn’t you make a box of air around us?” I asked Noah. “Make us invisible? Untouchable? Something?”

“There are lots of reasons that’s a bad idea.” Noah looked over his shoulder again. “Take a left, Iz. Now.”

She swerved the car left. The front end missed a truck passing us by mere inches. Their blaring horn followed us as the other driver slammed on their brakes.

I caught the driver’s baffled and bewildered stare and gave him a look I hoped was suitably apologetic. 

“The biggest reason,” Noah continued, “is the relative pressure would probably crush us if the heat didn’t kill us first.”

“No chemistry lessons,” Izzy said. “Plans. Now. Strategy.” Her stare met mine in the rear view mirror. “The only thing I remember the agent thinking was that you have dangerous thoughts. That’s all I got before he pushed me out.” 

I frowned. “My *thoughts?*”

“You had to have thought something when you destroyed those cars on the interstate.” Izzy smacked the steering wheel again. “Shit. I should have been paying attention.”

Noah scoffed and looked back at me. “Sounds more like *you* should have been, bro.”

I crinkled my brow and pressed my face in my hands, trying to focus. The fog of adrenaline and fear had been so dense, I could barely focus on my own racing mind back there on the highway. I just sat there and… and willed it all away.

I blinked hard and fast, not quite believing myself even as the realization coalesced within me. “I… I think I know how I did it.”

Izzy screamed, “Stop him, Noah!” 

Noah snapped his stare up away from me and swung his hands up. 

But we were all seconds too late.

A black sedan slammed into the back of our car. Delilah spun and swerved, nearly collided with oncoming traffic.

“If you know how to fucking do it,” Noah said, “now’s the time.”

I squeezed my eyes shut and prayed I was right.
***
Also, if you want to get notified the exact **second** I post a part to my sub, check out the Reddit Serials discord: https://discord.gg/6A23qCE

(Which is also nice for days like today when the update bot decides to shit the bed...)

If you type **?rank The World-Ender** into the #welcomes-and-roles channel you can get a Discord ping every time I post. :) You can also @ me there with questions or comments or anything else, so it's a great place to find me if you ever want to chat. I go by Static on Discord since ecstaticandinsatiate is a bit of a um... keyboard-full ;)

Thanks again for reading! :) Part 7 is up on Patreon now
***
 || 
***
Hello friends! Thanks for reading along :)

So this lovely and brilliant short film director called Josef T-D is turning one of my old serials,  into a webseries on Youtube! Parts 1 and 2 are currently out, so here are some links to watch those if you're interested: 

 and 

Here's the next part! :) Part 8 is up on patreon for all levels of subs. Thanks for reading! 
***
It was easy as wanting it badly enough. That was all it took last time, wasn’t it?

I had wanted it to happen. *Needed* it to happen. 

I just had to… believe it into being. 

A whisper of doubt lurked in the rafters of my mind. That was impossible. There was no way.

But everything that had happened today was impossible. I kept half-expecting to jolt awake safe in my own bed, free from this long and horrible dream.

Another oncoming car slammed into the side of Delilah. She shuddered and spun and tipped onto her side with a crunch of glass, the crumple and shriek of metal. The force of it slammed me into the door.

No. All of this was real. And I was our only hope to get out of it alive.

I could almost see The Rabbit in my mind. The first day my brother took me to see it, it still had its old roller derby signs up. I had looked at him so doubtfully when he gestured up at it and told me he was going to make it a concert hall. 

I sculpted it up in my mind. The dark paint. The usually-broken neon sign of a frightened rabbit. Our busted car, sitting just outside of it.

We were there. We had to be there. I had to believe we were there.

Izzy’s hitching panicked voice reeled me back into the horrible reality. I winched a single eye open. Izzy yanked at her stuck belt, tried to lift her leg over the dashboard to kick out the windshield. The car had fallen on her driver’s side. She was trapped.

Her voice bubbled over me: “They’re coming, we have to run, *now*.”

My brother turned in his chair to look at me. He was the picture of perfect calm. A new cut had appeared on his temple, trailing blood down the side of his face. His head must have slammed into the window.

“You got this. I believe in you, little brother.” He reached over the seat to clutch my hand. “Just relax and clear your mind.”

I couldn’t help my laugh. It was better than the tears that threatened to choke me. For a second, we were little boys again, my brother urging me that I really could find my power, if I only *relaxed*. How many hours had we sat in silent meditation, waiting for something to magically click within me? Waiting for something to happen?

Better now than never.

Something hot bubbled in my belly. It was a hum like stage-anxiety, all adrenaline and anticipation and fear. Like all the gears within me were finally turning the way they were meant to.

I told myself that we were in front of The Rabbit. We were upright, and safe, and there were no agents around us. My brother was not bleeding. My best friend was not terrified for her life.

We had escaped. We were still alive.

I clenched my brother’s hand, and I believed it had to be true. 

A feeling swelled over me, like diving feet-first into a hot tub. It swept over me from my shoes to my skull. I kept my eyes squeezed shut, never let go of Noah. 

Izzy gasped, “Holy shit. Holy *shit*.”

Noah’s fingers tightened over mine. He shook my hand, hard. “Eli.  Eli, look.”

I looked out the window.

Delilah sat on the sidewalk just in front of the front doors of Noah’s concert hall. The windshield was still shattered, the doors crushed on both sides where we had hit another car first, then the asphalt. The ruined car cemented the impossible: we had been in that accident. We had been thirty minutes across town only a few seconds ago.

And I brought us here.

A girl with brilliant teal hair looked at us, wide-eyed. She leaned against the front doors of The Rabbit. A lit cigarette dangled from her fingers, trailing ash. She lifted the cigarette in greeting when Noah waved at her.

Noah let go of my hand to punch me in the thigh. He whooped in triumph. “I fucking knew it! That was badass, dude.” He opened his door, which opened with a groan and shriek. My brother smirked over his shoulder at me. The cut on his head was gone, the blood evaporated like it had never been there at all. “You could have fixed my car though, you know.”

“Or parked us on the street.” Izzy’s hands trembled as she gripped the steering wheel. She looked out the window with mixed disbelief and relief. Her stare traveled over her shoulder to meet mine. The smile that warmed her face made my heart hurt. “God. That was incredible.” She slumped in her seat and closed her eyes. “No wonder they’re so scared of you.”

Noah heaved himself out of the car and greeted the woman waiting at the door. “Hey! Thanks for waiting.”

“That was quite an entrance.” She inhaled on the cigarette and exhaled, pluming smoke. Her stare caught mine, and she nodded toward me. “That your little brother?”

“Apparently.” 

Izzy tried her door handle with no luck. She clambered over the center console and followed Noah out his door.

I pushed my door open and tried to stand. My knees buckled beneath me. Noah caught my arm before I could fall flat on my ass.

“Yeah.” He laughed. “It’ll do that to you.”

My mind whirled. My body had strange, deep ache like I’d just run until I collapsed. As if every muscle was spent. I clung to my brother’s arm and sagged against him.

“I got you, man.” My brother gave his car a doubtful look and raised a palm. He summoned a tiny wall of air, just enough to nudge the car, wheels squealing, into the empty parking space in front of the building. He grimaced at the crinkled sides of the car.

“You’re right.” Izzy frowned at Noah and all the thoughts whirling his mind, then at the car. “It’s not subtle at all.”

Noah looked over at the woman by the door, who now was stamping out her cigarette on the ground. “You think you could give my car a makeover?”

“Does your car have a human face?” 

Noah laughed. “Not exactly.”

She picked up the cigarette off the ground and flicked it into the garbage by the door. “Probably not.”

Noah laughed. He looped an arm around my shoulders and turned me toward the door. “Come on. We’d better hurry then.” He dipped his head toward Izzy. “Could you—?”

Before he finished his sentence, Izzy tossed Noah’s keys to the girl by the door.

She caught them and gave Izzy a little wave of thanks. She unlocked the door for us and held it open as we trailed in.

When we were all inside, she used the keys to lock the door once more.

The lobby was narrow and dark, made darker still by the black film that Noah had put over the windows, probably so he could smoke at work without being bothered by curious passersby. 

Noah pointed his thumb toward the teal-haired woman. “This is May,” He said. “She absolutely shreds on the bass.”

“I do,” May agreed. She twirled the keys around on her finger. Her fingernails were coffin-black. She caught the keys mid-swing and flicked them back toward Noah, who barely caught them before they hit the ground. Her stare flicked over the three of us. “You ready for me to save your asses?”

I almost replied, *I already did*.

Izzy smirked at me. “You did,” she agreed, her voice low.

May raised her pierced eyebrows, looking between us questioningly.

Noah scoffed. “This is Izzy. She can’t keep out of your mind.”

“True. I can’t.”

“And this”—Noah squeezed my shoulders—“is my genius of a little brother.”

“And I’m going to pass out,” I said, not sure if it was true or not.

“You won’t.” My brother steered me toward the black curtain leading into the dark concert hall. He nodded toward the concession stand, which was just a slumping counter with a fridge for beer and water. “Iz?”

“Say no more.” Izzy swooped behind the counter and grabbed a bottle of water for me. 

May sidled up alongside me. Her breath had the ashy bite of cigarette smoke. She looked me over with a smirk. “You look beat, honey.”

“First time using his power,” Noah said, like he was a proud father and I’d just won my first little league trophy.

“Second time,” I muttered.

“Huh. You’re a late bloomer.” May disappeared behind the black curtain. Her voice floated up from beyond it. “Let me fix up your pretty faces, and you can tell me just what the hell is going on.”
***
 || 
***
The woman introduced herself officially by tossing the leftover bandage at him and saying, “My name’s Malina. You can help me put the bodies in the basement.”

Clint looked between her and the people in horror. They *felt* alive, or something like that. Their bodies were flesh-heavy and limp and when they hit the ground they made a sound like soup in a plastic bag.

Clint leaned over the hole and retched. “How are we supposed to get the food out of there now?”

“Food doesn’t mean anything in this game.”

“Then why do you have so much of it?”

Malina smirked sideways at him. “I thought it did, on my first day. I don’t know how many trips across that damn road I wasted carrying shit I’d never get hungry for.”

They got to the fourth and last body. Clint picked the man up by his shoulders, wincing as the shattered remains of his skull smeared scarlet gore all over his sweater. He gasped through his teeth and asked, “How long have you even been doing this?”

“I don’t know. There’s no time in here, not really.” She swung her injured left arm forward and backward, as if testing the ache of it. “It’s always day time. The weather changes, once in a while. And sometimes they come hunting up and down the street. Usually, I don’t have any shouty idiots on my porch getting their attention.”

Clint almost replied, *Well, I’m not the one who fired a shotgun*, but he bit back his sharpness. Instead he said, “You called her Florence.”

“She’s been here as long as I have. She amassed the biggest collection of guns and beer and boys.” Malina shrugged. “People found out real quick that you either join Florence, or she kills you.”

“What happens when she runs out of people to kill? When it’s just her people left?”

“Oh, I think she’s close to finding out.” Malina kicked open her back door, leaving behind a scarlet shoe print. The men’s trailing gore carried their tracks all through the living room, dining room, kitchen. It would have looked like a house from a Norman Rockwell painting if it weren’t for all that blood. “I’m sure they’ll get rabid on each other. That’s the point of this game, anyway.”

“Is it?” Clint’s heart pulsed hard against his ribs. Every time he let himself think about Rachel, he felt as if the world was dipping away from him. He managed, “So how do we get to the next level?”

“No one knows.”

“Are you *serious?*”

Malina whirled on him. "What kind of question is that? If I knew how to get to the second level, I wouldn't still be here." She just rolled her eyes and kept going before he could answer.

Her backyard was neatly coiffed, the garden full of bright sighing flowers and bees. Tire tracks gouged twin snakes through the grass, and her entire eastern wall of fencing had been struck down and lay in a dented heap on the earth. She walked through the big gap in the fence, crouching low. Her thick curls sat in a tall, tight bun on her head, and she had to fold down low to keep her hair from peeking over the top of the fence.

“Where are we going?”

Malina took her map out of her pocket and offered it to Clint, wordlessly. “Every marked house is one that Florence and her buddies use for an outpost.”

Clint stared down at the map. She had filled in the entire inner rim of the first level of hell. The little houses were drawn in squares of yellow and blue and green, like the edging of a blanket. Random ones were marked with dark penciled Xs. Rachel had loved to crochet. (*No,* he corrected himself. *Loves. Rachel is present tense*.) It looked like one of her strange and lovely patterns, random and ordered at the same time, somehow. She was so good at color. That’s what he thought of, when he closed his eyes and tried to imagine her. Her bright green eyes. All her colors, and the way she wore the light.

The faraway rattle of bullets snapped Clint back to the present moment. Malina paused, bent down in front of him, just listening. She held out her hand wordlessly behind her, and Clint paused for a moment before handing her map back. He fished his own out of his hoodie pocket. Malina’s house was colored in a bright blue. He had only a sliver of the houses that she had.

“Where’s your place?” she muttered at him.

Clint just stared for a moment. Then pointed at the yellow house just a few blocks away from them. 

Together they crawled through backyards and clambered over white picket fences. Once, when they passed through someone’s yard, one of the curtains in the back window twitched in the corner of Clint’s eye. He twisted his head around to see a girl glaring through the glass at them. Her pistol watched them like a periscope as they passed, but she didn’t try to stop them.

His own backyard was empty, the tall fence unbroken. Clint pulled out his map and watched the new areas spread like an ink stain across the paper. And already they were back at the first spot that had ever been on his map.

For a moment he and Malina paused there, backs pressed against the fence. He murmured to her, “How do you tell if anyone’s in there?”

The woman cracked open her shotgun and checked the bullets. Smoothed her thumb over them as if for good luck. Then she snapped the gun shut and gave Clint a tight, tired smile. “We go inside, honey. How else do you think?” She squeezed Clint’s forearm reassuringly when she saw the look in his eye. “The trick is to check the walls by the door as you’re walking in. They like to hide in corners, or just around the frame.”

Clint didn’t need to ask who. Not anymore. He knew now that the other players were a bigger threat than he had ever imagined.

They crept into the house back-to-back. Malina lead the way, her shotgun snuffing out the closest corners of the before she even stepped all the way inside. Then she and Clint both crept through the back door. His tennis shoes felt eerily loud against the laminate, as if he was announcing himself with every  step. Together they scoured every room of his little house and found nothing and no one.

“Do you have a basement or an attic?” Clint stared at her, blankly, until Malina rolled her eyes and pressed, “Everyone has at least *one.* It’s where most of your loot is. I have a theory that Florence got both, lucky twat.” Her scowl was irritated, as if Florence had taken too many free cookies, not hoarded every gun she could find. “We’ll find it. Come on.”

Clint hurried after her.

“Move shit,” she explained. “If you had an attic it’d be obvious. They always like to hide the basement under rugs or furniture.” Together, they heaved aside the couch. Malina grinned at the trapdoor hiding underneath.

She heaved it open and pulled a flashlight out of her pocket. It speared the darkness, revealing nothing but more shadows still. There seemed to be shelves down there, boxes, but Clint couldn’t pick out much more.

“After you,” Malina told him.

They descended into the darkness together. Malina scanned her flashlight around and cried out in delight when she saw a lantern sitting on the shelf. She flicked it on, and it filled the room with a dim orange glow.

“Solar-powered,” she explained to him. “That’s decent. I’m surprised it has a charge.”

“Why did you help me?”

Malina paused and stared at him. She leaned back against the shelves and shrugged. “Why wouldn’t I?”

“You seemed pretty happy to let me die for a few moments there.”

That made the woman laugh. It was a broken sound, joyless and hollow. She palmed the sweat away from her forehead. “Death has my son.” Her dark eyes were shiny and unreadable as a stone. “He’s eleven.” 

“Oh, god. Shit. I’m so sorry.”

“Why? You didn’t do anything.” Malina turned away from him and flicked her flashlight over the shelves. He pretended not to notice her raise her hand to smear at her eyes. “The point is, I’m not in this for me, either.” She glanced over her shoulder at him. “So we might as well stick together.”

Clint felt like reaching out and crushing her in a hug. But he only stood there nodding, his gun heavy in his back pocket. He wanted to tell her about Rachel and the way she sounded when she said his name or the way she looked at him like no one ever had. But he couldn’t describe any of that any more than he could describe the feeling of clear cold air. It was life and everything and without her he would be lost. 

So he said instead, “Let’s see what kind of shit Death decided to give me.”

***

 is already up on Patreon, if you're into that kind of thing. ;) I'll post it here tomorrow.

Thanks for reading my stuff!

***
 || 

GUYS THIS STORY IS STILL CALLED 9 LEVELS OF HELL. I just posted it with literally 30 seconds before I had to run to my day job so I guess I didn't fucking read lol.
***
They piled up everything they found in the center of the room.

Clint felt like a massive idiot when Malina reached onto one of the bottom shelves and produced an AK-47 and three spare boxes of ammunition. The gun clattered against the concrete floor as she tossed it down. 

“This,” she told him, sternly, “is why we always look *thoroughly* in this game. Neither one of us can afford to die.”

“You don’t have to lecture me,” Clint muttered, embarrassed.

“Yes, I do. If you had looked better, I might not have gotten shot.” And she skirted past him to check the other shelf. 

Clint tried not to let his irritation show. A dozen counterarguments rose and died on his tongue. He understand her intensity. He'd be just as mad if she'd almost cost him Rachel. So he palmed the anger out of his eyes and held his hand there for a moment, just breathing.

He said, “Do you think she’s going to come back for us?”

“Oh, almost certainly.” Malina picked through the stack, tossing aside things she randomly declared unimportant: water and food, shirts, a can of pepper spray. Clint grabbed one of the shirts off the ground and replaced his ruined sweater with it. This shirt was plain black, long-sleeved, and not coated with a stranger’s brain matter, which made it infinitely better than his hoodie already. “We’d be best off going clear to the other side of the level.” She glanced at her watch. “I don’t even know why I wear this damn thing. It resets itself every time you look at it.”

“What? Why?”

“I don’t know. Maybe to fuck with us. I’ve learned Death *loves* to fuck with us.”  She stared down at her watch again, but she didn’t take it off. As though there was a comfort there in the ghost of normalcy. 

“Where should we go?” Clint ventured.

“We’ll find an empty house. Huddle down until she stops her roving parties.” Malina offered Clint the gun and asked him, “Do you recognize this?”

“It’s… it’s a gun.”

Malina rolled her eyes. “This is an AK-47.” She tapped a lever on the side and flipped it up. “Safety on.” Flipped it down. “Safety off. Don’t fucking point it at yourself *or me* when you’re checking it. Actually, just don’t point it at anything you don’t want to kill.” She put the switch back up. She showed him how to remove the magazine (empty), how to refill it with the bullets big as Clint’s pinky and sharp as a fang.

Clint watched her with mute fascination and dread. He still remembered the way the light in that man’s eyes had gone from bright and drawn with shock to nothing at all. How little time it had taken him to waste to death on the floor of that basement.

“What’s that look for?” she asked. “Are you scared of guns, now?”

“No. No, it’s not that.” Clint took the gun from her and slung it over his shoulder. The weight grounded and terrified him all at once. It was a promise and a threat: he could keep himself safe, but he may have to kill somebody again. “It’s just… I’ve never killed anyone before.”

Malina snorted at him. “Do I seem like a hardened killer or something?”

“No! No. It’s just… it’s a lot.”

 She gripped Clint’s shoulders, firmly, and stared at him hard until he met her eyes. “Look,” she said. “Everyone in here is already dead. You’re not killing anybody.”

“I’m stopping someone from being able to go back to life.”

“Yeah, an asshole who tried to kill you for no reason.” 

“I’m an asshole who *actually* killed a guy for no reason,” Clint muttered.

Malina punched his chest. “Stop feeling sorry for yourself. You know you had to do it, and if you waste all this time mourning some random dickhead with a gun you’ll never get out of here.”

Clint stared down at her, injured.

“What? Do you want a fucking sympathy card? It’s not a tragedy if you kill someone who was fully intending to murder you.” She slung off her own backpack and began stuffing it with a few packages of bandages. “Start packing up. We have to keep moving.”

Clint dropped to his knees beside her and started filling all the pockets of his backpack. Malina divided everything up more or less evenly between them, though she didn’t offer him either of the grenades that she found. Instead she tossed him the bottles of opiates, the little container of rubbing alcohol, and the bulletproof vest, which was dusty and felt too flimsy to really stop a bullet, but he supposed it had to be better than nothing. Clint strapped it over his chest tightly.

He asked her, trying not to sound tense, “Do you know how to use a grenade?”

“Better than you do. You barely know how to use a gun.”

“Hey, I was pretty good at baseball, back in high school.”

“This isn’t a baseball.”

“I understand the general concept.”

Malina snorted. She pulled one of the grenades out of her backpack’s side pocket and slapped it into his hand. “Prove it sometime, kiddo.”

“I’m twenty-three,” he said under his breath.

“Yeah.” She smirked, elbowed his ribs. “*Kiddo*.”

Clint couldn’t help his smile. The tension unwound from his shoulders like barbed wire unhooking itself from his skin. He followed Malina out the back door.

“It will take us a few hours.” Malina regarded her broken, useless watch again. Smiled over her shoulder at Clint, but the light of it never reached her eyes. “It takes a while to walk all the way around the map, particularly if we don’t want to be seen.”

He remembered the shitty old jeep that Florence and her gang had been in. He ventured, “Is there some way to find a car like they had?”

She cackled. “Florence’s. She’s got everything with wheels in this goddamn level.” Malina flipped open her map and tapped the far northern edge of the circles, where the houses grew sparse, and the map had only a few ticked lines that looked like grass. A huge swath was boxed and scratched out in thick graphite. “That’s her main base.” Malina tapped the center of the rectangle. “If you go there, you’ll die close enough to instantly.”

Clint sighed through his teeth. “Then I guess we’re walking.”

They walked together, setting out west, away from Malina’s home. The sun was bright and hot in the sky, but it never seemed to move. It only hung there, watching them.

For a long time, they walked in silence through backyards and flowerbeds. At one point Clint heard the faraway wail of an engine and pulled Malina down before she fully noticed. They crouched down behind a shed as a pair of jeeps packed with men roared past them, never stopping or slowing.

“They’ll start fanning out once they’ve realized we’re not there.” Malina looked anxiously over her shoulder, even though they were too far now to see her house. Clint pulled his map out of his pocket and looked it over. He’d managed to fill barely a quarter of his circle, and even though there were at least forty or fifty little squares of houses standing between him and Malina’s home, but it didn’t seem like nearly enough space.

They kept going, moving quickly now. Clint gripped his rifle by the handguard. The metal was smooth, cold, reassuring. Even if he didn’t want to shoot somebody, he could. And there was safety in that.

Malina was the one to notice the smoke. Clint was looking only forward, scouring every fleeing shadow for the hint of another human being. But she grabbed his elbow and pointed backwards.

A thick black column of smoke was rising into the air in the distance.

“They’re trying to burn us out,” she muttered. “It won’t be long until they realize we’re not there.”

Clint watched the smoke spread like a warning. He swung his rifle around so he could hold it in both hands, the butt nestled against his shoulder. But he kept the muzzle pointed down toward the earth, his finger firmly off the trigger. “What do we do, then?”

Malina scoffed. “Are you going to try to be a two-against-ten?”

“Well, no—”

“Then obviously we’re going to hide.”

They were in another random backyard, and the suburban maze felt so thick that Clint could barely make sense of it anymore. If it weren’t for his map, he would have been lost hours ago, looping through backyard after backyard, trying to remember which little cottage he’d been to last.

But Malina strode confidently to the back door, which was a pleasant yellow thing with gingham curtains. (Rachel would have declared it *so cute*.) She rattled the handle. When it didn’t move, she raised a boot and kicked it down. A couple of the glass panes popped and shattered, and the frame splintered.

The door swung inward.

Malina hollered inside, “We’re not here to hurt you! Florence’s gang is trying to fucking murder us.”

“Is there anyone even here?” Clint whispered, anxiously, lifting his gun up.

“I don’t know. But I’d be sure as hell about to shoot anyone who kicked down my back door.” Malina glanced over her shoulder and shied away from Clint and his rifle. “What did I tell you about not pointing that shit at people you don’t want to kill?”

Clint flustered and decided not to argue. This house was small and pleasant and reminded him distinctly of his grandmother’s house. There were patterned tea towels, frames of pressed flowers, family pictures of strangers. Clint watched the faces as he passed and wondered if they were dead or alive.

They swept through the first floor of the house and found nothing. The second floor was equally barren, barring a single toothbrush sitting on the bathroom sink. He left it there and met Malina in the hallway.

“There’s an attic,” she told him. “I want you to cover me, and I’ll check it out.”

Clint bit his lip, hard. “Is that the safest idea?”

“Oh, are you worried about me?” Her smile was charmed and derisive. 

Before Clint could argue, the television downstairs turned itself on. They both froze at the crackle and pop of static.

Malina pressed a finger to her lips. She raised her shotgun and crept back down the hallway to the top of the stairs. Clint followed her, trying to velvet his steps. He watched the line of Malina’s shoulders, trying to see from her body language if anyone was there before he turned the corner with her.

But the living room was empty. The television screen swelled with flickering black and white.

“What the fuck,” Malina started.

And then Death appeared on the screen. He looked distinctly disappointed. “Honestly,” he said, “I thought you humans would be *much* faster at this. No one’s even gotten close to the second level yet.” He spread his hands and smiled, generously. “I suppose it’s time I gave you a hint.”
***
 || 
***
If you read this on patreon last week I added a few lines to the end. Read them! They matter <3

Thanks for reading!
***
The Rabbit’s auditorium was standing room only, so my brother helped heave me up onto the edge of the stage to sit down. It was still tacky with spilled beer from the last concert. 

I wobbled as I sat upright there, half-afraid I was going to pitch forward like a drunk idiot.

Izzy pulled herself up onto the lip of the stage beside me. She nudged my elbow with hers. “Here.” She held out the bottle of water for me. “I won’t let you fall.”

I fought the impulse to incline my temple against hers. Part of me craved the shape of her alongside me. I shoved that dangerous idea away. It was easier, when I wasn’t so tired. Filtering my thoughts. Not letting Izzy see *that*—

She pursed her lips and glanced away. “I’m not looking.”

I cracked open the water bottle. “Yes, you are. You always are.” I squeezed her knee once, reassuringly, and slipped my hand away before either of us could see the way that sent my head spinning. “But I like that about you.”

Noah inclined his elbows against the edge of the stage but stayed standing. He leaned back as if we had all the time in the world to stand here shooting the shit. 

May stood across from him, arms folded over her chest. A dragon tattoo traced her right forearm. Its golden eye seemed to appraise us as we sat there, as if it could see every thought as clearly as Izzy. The dragon seemed to stretch and sigh as May lifted her arms to scratch the back of her head.

“What kind of shit are you caught up in this time?” She directed this mostly to Noah.

Noah giggled. For the first time, it occurred to me that he was probably still a bit high. But then again, it was a reasonable bet to assume that Noah was always a little high. “For once, it’s not my fault.”

“Somehow I highly fucking doubt that.” May glanced at the two of us and winked. The dragon on her arm mimicked her.

My brows furrowed. “Is that thing *moving?*”

She held out her arm for us to admire. “Do you like him? I just drew him this morning.” She ran her finger along the ink. The dragon arched its neck to follow her touch like a cat seeking attention.

Noah tilted his head to admire it. “Yeah, that’ll fuck with somebody on acid someday.”

May rolled her eyes. “Of course that’s the first thing you thought of.”

Izzy looked between the two of them. Her scowl deepened. “We don’t know how long it’s going to take for them to connect the dots and think to look here. But something tells me they’ll be quicker than we think.”

“They?” May arched an inquisitive brow. 

Noah waved a hand, vaguely. “Just some government assholes who want to capture my brother for some secret project or… something.”

“Or something.” My arm shuddered as I raised the water bottle. I put all my focus into not spilling on myself. Izzy had to take the bottle from me to screw the cap back on. “Shit. Am I supposed to be this tired?”

“Your body’s never spent that much energy that fast before. Takes time to get used to.” Noah shrugged. “Everyone is pretty fucked up their first few times. I know I was.”

I scoffed and fought the urge to argue, *Yeah but you were a literal toddler*.

The first time my brother had used his power, he had slipped through the wall of his crib and fallen asleep instantly on the floor. When my parents found him, they were convinced he’d crawled over the edge and cracked his head on the floor until they saw him phase through matter again to get out of his car seat. My mom always told the story with a mixture of humor and relief, as if she was still reminding herself she was safe.

God. I needed to call my mom soon.

“Don’t,” Izzy muttered to me. “You’ll just put her in danger too.”

May clapped her hands together. “Okay, so I’m gathering you read minds.” She pointed toward Izzy, and then me. “And you’re the harbinger of the end times or something.”

“Well.” My brother grinned. “We don’t know what he is *yet*.”

I chewed at my lip. “Whatever my power is, it’s bad enough for them to send a dozen agents to try to kill me. Us.” I caught May’s stare and held it. “You have to know you’re putting yourself in danger by helping me.”

The warning hung heavy in my belly. It was the first time I’d said something like that out loud. I wondered how many more times I would say it before all of this was over.

May snorted. “I’m always risking getting fucked with this guy involved.” She jabbed her thumb toward Noah.

Noah gave a solemn nod. “And not in the way I’d like.”

She shoved his shoulder without looking away from me. Her stare traced me with newfound fascination. “What do they want with you?”

I opened my mouth and shut it again. “I don’t know,” I admitted.

“They’re afraid of him.” Izzy glanced at me out of the corner of her eye. “When they were trying to corner us at Noah’s apartment… I heard one of them think of you as a weapon.”

“Probably because of your sick guns.” Noah punched my upper arm.

That wormed a smile out of me. “Come on, man. Be serious.”

“I’m always serious, dude.”

May reached out and held my face in both hands. I fought the instinct to shrink back away from her touch. She smoothed her thumbs over my cheekbones. Her eyes searched mine like there was something hidden there. “You do look just like your brother.”

“Thanks,” I muttered.

The trail her thumbs made began to tingle with a static-burn. She ran her fingers down my cheeks. A crop of stubble sprang up in her wake, coursing down both cheeks and growing longer still. 

I reached up to touch my face in disbelief. I’d never been able to grow much of a beard. “Who are you trying to make me look like?”

“Anyone but yourself.” May kept working, sculpting out my new face in her palms. She flicked her stare at Noah. “I know someone who might be able to help you guys out.”

“Who?”

“People who aren’t the biggest fans of the government.” May winked. “I’ll leave it at that.” Then she tilted her head toward Izzy. “She’ll probably tell you anyway.”

Izzy’s face darkened. She muttered, “It sounds to me like you want us to trust a bunch of anarchists.”

“Looks to me you don’t have a lot of other people to trust right now.” 

The three of us exchanged a long, tense glance before Noah finally said, “Are you talking about Sherman’s guys?”

“Who else?”

Noah laughed. “At least we won’t be the only criminals there.”

I could see Izzy’s anxiety in the sharp line of her shoulders. She chewed her lip like she was fighting back her argument. I knew her well enough to know she had no patience for anyone who thought themselves above the law.

“Close your eyes, could you?” May kept layering new skin over my own. It was cakey and strange, like wearing heavy stage makeup. Like a dense mask. 

I said, with my eyes squeezed shut, “I don’t want to get anyone else in trouble.” That was easier than admitting the truth: I didn’t want anyone dead because of me.

Izzy reached out and gave my hand a single squeeze before she let it go. She had to have seen me think, *don’t let go*, but she slipped her hand out of mine.

May just snorted. “Trust me. These guys will be thrilled to get a chance to help you.” She pulled up on my eyelid to admire her work and she grinned. “You look nice with blue eyes.”

“Uh. Thanks.”

Izzy frowned between the both of us. “What do you think they can do for us, really?”

“The guys whose whole existence revolves around avoiding government surveillance? Oh, I don’t fucking know. But I’m sure you’ll think of something useful for them to do.” May flipped out her cell phone and grinned at us. “Do you want their help or not?”

The dragon on her forearm bared its teeth to match her. Inky smoke clouded out of its nostrils.

I said, because we had no other choice, “Yeah. Yeah, we do.”

The words barely left my mouth before a slow, steady knock resounded from the lobby’s front door.

“That was quick,” Noah muttered.

May glanced over her shoulder. Her smile faltered. “Well. I guess they already know you’re here.”

Izzy hackled like a wet cat. Just who had she heard outside the door? 

“That’s the problem,” she hissed back to me. “I *can’t* hear them.”
***
 || 
***
Florence didn’t really want to kill them. That was the only way any of this made sense.

Clint’s thoughts whirled and collided together as he rushed for some sense of strategy. This must have been some strange psychological trick. There was no difference between being dead in the field and dead in the library; Florence wouldn’t care where she happened to blow his brains out.

She had no idea what to do next. And she knew they did.

He did not let his triumph show. At the very least, it was hard to feel properly arrogant about it while he was being marched across a flat empty field by five people carrying rifles and machine guns. The man who had first found him walked so close behind him that Clint could feel the man’s hot breath against his neck. When he twisted his neck to dare a glance backward, he saw the other people: two men and two women, including Florence herself. The other woman carried Clint’s pack slung over one shoulder, while one of the men brought along Malina’s.

They stopped in the middle of the field. The man at Clint’s elbow pushed hard against his injured shoulder. 

Clint gasped and seethed and fell to his knees. Pain exploded in little stars in the corners of his eyes.

The man prodded Clint’s shoulder again with Clint’s own rifle. “What? Did you get hit?” He laughed at the tears watering involuntarily in Clint’s eyes and slapped the back of his skull before stalking over to Florence’s side.

Clint’s glare followed him, sharp and hot. The man marveled at Clint’s gun like it was a new toy.

The third man pushed Malina down to the ground beside Clint. They both had their hands bound tightly behind their backs with duct tape, which the woman had found by scouring Malina’s bag. 

Florence stood before Malina and Clint, her cronies circled all around them with their guns raised. Ready for any hint of a struggle.

The rain pattered against Clint’s forehead. It drummed up small puddles in the earth. He watched the water bounce and wondered if it was the last thing he would ever see.

Florence nodded to the gang members holding the packs. “Search their things.”

Clint shifted his hands, uncomfortably.

“If you’re going to do it just fucking do it already.” Malina’s snarl came out cloudy in the cool air.

“Are you that anxious to die?” Florence rolled her eyes and gestured with her pistol at Malina. “She can go first.”

Clint tried to pass her a worried look, but Malina was not looking at him. She was glaring up at the sky, muttering prayers or curses under her breath. He couldn’t tell which.

The contents of their bags clattered against the earth. Clint twisted his head to watch. His own bag was almost exactly how he remembered it: his bandages and painkillers, extra ammunition, the pistol that Malina had given him, a couple bottles of water to make the journey easier. 

But the book was gone.

“What did you find in there?” Florence growled at them.

“Nothing,” Clint answered, perhaps too quickly, because it made Florence roll her eyes and point her gun at Clint next. “Search them.”

“You really have no fucking clue what you’re looking for, do you?” Malina grinned, all poison and delight. “You dumb fucking cunt. You can’t shoot your way to the next le—”

Florence cracked her pistol across Malina’s temple. The sound was loud as thunder, but Malina made no sound. She dipped her head as the blood dripped from her eyebrow to the earth. Then she looked up and gave Florence another barbed smile.

“Darling,” Florence said, calmly, “unless you *really* want me to blow your brains out right here and right now, you’d best shut up.”

Malina looked like she wanted to argue, but Clint spoke before she could. He said, “There was a bookshelf, inside. We found a hidden room behind it.”

The look Malina gave him was wild-eyed and confused, but she quickly turned it into anger. “Don’t *tell* her,” she started, and Florence hit her across the mouth with her gun again. Blood dripped between Malina’s teeth, and she spat scarlet into the mud.

“It’s not your turn to talk,” Florence chided her, idly, like she was a misbehaving child. She crouched down in front of Clint and nestled her pistol against the soft belly of his chin. She was so close now that Clint could see the flecks of amber in her brown eyes. She searched his face like she could not quite bring herself to believe him. “What’s behind this bookshelf, then?”

He swallowed hard. “There was a stairway. Leading down. We were going to go look, and then I heard Malina, and—”

“You will tell me where it is.”

Clint’s heart pounded against his ribcage. He nodded against the metal on his chin. “Please,” he said, nodding to Malina. “Don’t kill her. She’s the best shot I’ve ever met. She’s fearless as hell, and you’d be killing someone who could help you.”

Florence pulled her gun away and stood. She clicked her tongue, patted her pistol thoughtfully against her thigh. “I do like when boys beg. But you’ll have to do better than that.”

Something shifted in the grass at Clint’s knee. He glanced down.

A thin brown snake sat coiled among the sage. It seemed to be watching him.

“Minos,” he breathed.

Malina caught his stare. Looked at the snake in perfect confusion.

Clint snapped his head back up and managed, “Please. It’s the last bookshelf at the end. The middle one. I had to pull out a copy of, uh…” Clint racked his brain, trying to think of the books he really had seen. “*Paradise Lost*,” he spat out. “It was *Paradise Lost*. It opened the room.”

Florence walked behind them. Pushed through their belongings with her boot, smearing them in mud and blood. She picked up the ammunition and tossed it to the man who had taken Clint’s rifle.

“I’m going to go test your story,” Florence told him with a sticky sweet smile. “And if you’re wrong, I’m going to call my friend Jeffery here”—she patted a heavy hand on the man’s shoulder, the one who had caught Clint trying to sneak up on them in the first place—“and I’m going to ask him to shoot you both. So you’d best be telling me the honest truth, boy.”

“I am,” he insisted. 

Florence stalked off, barked at two of her cronies to follow her, the woman and one of the other men. 

Clint and Malina knelt in the rain, surrounded by three men with guns trained right at them. For a few long minutes, no one said anything. Then the men began to relax, let their guns down. As if they had accepted that their prisoners really weren’t going to pull any shit. They picked through Malina and Clint’s belongings, bickering and dividing things up amongst themselves.

“You found cigarettes?” one of them chirped at Malina. He sounded British, maybe; Clint had never been good with accents. “Lucky bird.”

Malina’s shoulders stiffened, but she said nothing.

As the guards began talking among each other, barely even looking at them now, Clint inclined his head slightly to Malina to whisper, “I figured it out.”

She looked back at him, her question in her eyes.

Clint nodded down at the earth. “The snakes.”

Malina looked down too. Her eyes widened. The one snake had become many, a whole hoard of them twisting through the grass. Soft and whispering as the wind. None of the men seemed to notice them over the sputtering storm overhead. 

“Hey,” one of the men snapped at them. “Shut the fuck up.”

Malina snapped over her shoulder, “If I’m about to die, I can have some last goddamn words, okay, asshole?”

The man didn’t bother arguing. He just scoffed at her and lit up one of her cigarettes. “Whatever. Let Florence deal with you.”

“What do snakes have to do with it?” she whispered back to Clint, her voice so soft he barely heard her.

He shrugged. “They’re the judge, I suppose. That’s what the book said.”

“So you did read it.”

He shrugged. “Skimmed it.”

Malina’s grin was bitter and immediate. Her thick hair had fallen out of its bun and cascaded down in wild black curls. She tossed her hair over her shoulder as an excuse to glance back at the men. Still not looking at them. Still not quite noticing.

The snakes just watched them, expectantly. Clint made eye contact with the largest of them all, whose razored eyes followed him with distinct curiosity and intelligence. He murmured to the snake, “Please judge us, uh…” The snake looked at him, unimpressed. 

Clint tried again, bowing his head in deference, “Judge us, wise king.”

“You sound like an absolute prick,” Malina informed him. “Just so you know.”

Now Jeffery stormed up and stood in front of them. Shook Clint’s rifle before Malina’s nose. “Do you really want to die just because you can’t keep your fucking hole shut?”

Malina spat blood into the dirt. “I’d be happy to die if it means I pissed you off.”

The man flipped the safety of the rifle down. Then glanced down as one of the snake slithered over his boots. He leapt back with an immediate yelp.

One of the men cackled at him. “What the hell was that for?”

“I fucking hate snakes, man.” 

He did not notice the biggest of the snakes winding itself around Clint’s ankle. Once, twice. He nodded down to the snakes and hissed to Malina, “Do what I just did.”

“*What?*”

“Ask him to judge you *now*.”

“Please,” Malina said to the snakes, her swollen face twisted and weary, “judge me, I guess.”

“You will speak to a king like he is a king,” the snakes answered as one. Their voices sounded like their scales singing against the grass: rasping and cold as the wind tugging at Clint’s cheeks.

Malina’s eyes brightened. She looked at Clint in disbelief, then back at the snake. “Uh,” she whispered, so softly that Clint could barely hear her. “Apologies, my lord. Please, judge me. Let me pass through. Please.”

Florence’s man Jeffery palmed his hair away from his face and asked the men behind Clint, “Did you hear that?”

“Uh… no?”

“The snakes just fucking *talked*.”

“Don’t you sound bloody mad.” The man who’d found Malina’s cigarettes smirked, his words clouding blue and smoky. “Talking snakes. Very reasonable.”

Before Jeffery could argue, his walkie-talkie crackled. Over the speaker, Florence’s voice resounded: “There’s nothing here. Kill them.”

Clint watched Jeffery raise his rifle. Watched the blood-hungry grin light up on his face. He stared down the open maw of the gun and wondered if this would be the last thing he ever saw.

“It was a nice trick,” Jeffery commended him. “While it lasted.”

But before he could squeeze the trigger, the snake sunk its teeth into Clint’s flesh.

And the field fell away in streaks of darkness like night, star-specked and cold. The ground beneath him was gone, and Clint fell through the darkness. He clenched his eyes shut and hoped wherever he landed, it would not hurt.
***
Guys the draft for this hit 25,000 words (I'm on chapter 19!) last night. So that's pretty neat :)

 || 

Hey, thanks for reading! This week has been very madly busy at my day job. I run a preschool for kids with developmental disabilities, and I've been simultaneously training a new staff person and prepping for my kids transitioning from school to summer schedules... it's been a bit hectic lol. I didn't have my usual time to write in the morning, so I'm getting around to posting a bit later than usual. 

The next part will be up on Patreon in the next couple of hours. I'm about halfway through it. Just didn't want to keep everyone waiting, as I am in one of the last few time zones still on Wednesday ;) Thanks for reading! 

***
Panic flared up in me, painfully familiar now. It was a dense and heady cloud that scattered my thoughts in all directions until only one impulse remained: run. 

That agent had been able to shut Izzy out of his thoughts earlier. Howe. Maybe they had sent agents to Noah’s concert hall the second we fled. God, coming here was stupid. Almost as stupid as going straight to my own brother, as if they couldn’t guess that.

The front door banged open. 

May tensed. She reached out and smeared a hand down Izzy’s face. Her face warped and changed following the line of May’s hand, bubbling like wet paper. When her features drew back together again, Izzy had transformed into a perfect stranger. She now looked like an Asian girl with pigtails who looked rather indignant at having a hand clapped over her face. 

She reached for Noah next, but it was already too late. The curtain flung backward.

May’s fingers dug into her own arm. She gripped the tail of the dragon and started to lift the ink up and away from her skin. It hovered on the air like a pen-sketch brought to life, the ink humming and undulating in place, as if the dragon really was alive on its own, swishing its own tail.

But the man standing in the doorway was no agent. He wore black from head to toe: black jeans, black hoodie, black tennis shoes. His hair was curly and dark, shaggy almost to the point of unruly. His amber eyes panned over us in a careful arc, and I wondered if he could see inside our minds just as easily as Izzy could.

He had to see something, because even with my disguise, his eyes settled right on mine. 

May let the dragon settle back onto her skin. She crumpled forward and clutched her knees in relief. She snapped her head upright to glare at the stranger in the threshold. “You scared the living shit out of me.”

“Oh.” He dug into his pocket, produced a cheap flip phone. The look he gave it was bored, dismissive. “Just got your text.”

Izzy watched him, her brows crinkled together. Even with the glamor covering her face, I could recognize her discomfort anywhere. 

The man’s stare flicked over the both of us before it sank into me. “You must be him, then.”

My throat tightened. “Who’s asking?”

Noah stepped between the stranger and I and squared his shoulders. His tone sounded relaxed, but I knew my brother. I knew how to pick out the tension in his voice, even when he did his best to hide it. He said, “You want to introduce yourself, buddy?”

Now the man’s stare caught Noah’s. The very air between them seemed to sizzle. He finally said, “I think I’m the one who’s going to get you out of here alive.”

May rolled her eyes. “God, you are always so dramatic.” She jerked her thumb over her shoulder toward him and addressed the rest of us. “This is Leo. He’s with Sherman. He’s not as much of an asshole as he seems at first.”

“I think I’m exactly that much of an asshole.” 

Noah didn’t move. He still kept his protective stance between Leo and I, the way he always had when we were small. Ready to drop to the ground wrestling the second any bully tried to fuck with me. “How did you already get here so quickly?”

“There’s this girl—” May started.

Leo’s stare sank into her like a barb. “We don’t have time for this. Not here. Not now.” He dipped his head behind the stage. “We’re going out the back, getting in the car, and leaving.”

Noah opened his mouth to argue.

“Trust me. They’re only a few minutes away.” Now his attention swiveled to Izzy. His eyes burned. “You can tell them. I’m not lying.”

Izzy sat up a bit straighter. Her confusion only deepened. She looked as lost as I felt. “You can see their powers,” she murmured.

“And you can see just how very close they are, can’t you?” Leo jammed his hands in his jacket pockets and sauntered down the walkway, as if they had all the time in the world. “I suggest we do our talking on the road.”

I pushed myself off the edge of the stage. My rubbery legs threatened to buckle beneath me, but I kept myself upright. “What are we waiting for, then?” I said.

My brother grabbed my upper arm and whispered in my ear, “I have no fucking clue who this guy is. I wouldn’t put this kind of trick past them.”

Them. The people in suits, on their way to arrest us both, if we were lucky.

“I don’t think we have an excess of choices right now.” I squeezed his wrist to reassure us both. “You know I can walk by myself.” I wasn’t confident of it, but I’d never been good at accepting help.

“Shut up and let me help you.”

Leo gave us a dismissive once-over before he heaved himself up onto the stage in a single nimble step. He offered his hand to Izzy to help her stand. 

Izzy took it with a vague disgruntled look. She asked him, “Why are you helping us?”

“Talking is for the car,” he reminded her. 

Noah led us through the twining backstage area, which smelled like trapped pot smoke and stale beer. He kept glancing over his shoulder as if expecting Leo to pull a gun on us any second. Izzy walked alongside our newcomer, glancing at him out of the corner of her eye every few moments. I wondered what kind of walls he had built up around his own mind.

May trailed at the end of our little caravan, humming to herself with a breezy smile. As if we were going for a spontaneous road trip and not running from the government intent on arresting me or killing me, whichever was easiest.

Noah pushed the back exit open, a heavy door for shuttling bands and equipment in and out as needed. I winced in the sudden sunlight.

A black van sat in the alley behind the Rabbit, engine running. Another man sat behind the wheel. His thumb tapped at it in an anxious rhythm. His other hand dangled a cigarette out the window. He looked old enough to be my dad. His grey-streaked beard was just as wild as his eyes as he stuck his head out the window and hollered, “Ladybird’s getting a bit touchy about time.”

A girl appeared from the dark depths of the van, leaning over the front seats to snap back, “That’s because we’re three minutes from an *unavoidable* future where half of us are dead and half of us—”

The man behind the wheel hushed her and flicked his cigarette out on the ground.

Leo gave us all a lazy grin. “You heard the time-keeper.”

I glanced down at Izzy, whose confusion had evaporated the moment she saw the van. Now she just had the wide, stunned smile of a child who had just seen the impossible.

She looked up at me, and I didn’t need her to say a word.

Whoever these people were, we needed their help. 

The side door of the van flew open. The girl stood there, a lithe little thing. She looked as if she should be in middle school arguing over books and boys, not riding along in our getaway vehicle. 

“Two minutes now,” she said, urgently.

“Two minutes means we have time to chill,” Leo countered. But he quickened his long loping stride to hop into the van.

The rest of us spilled in after him. 

Most of the interior of the van had been ripped out. The backseats were gone, the metal floor covered with a thin carpet. A metal storage box sat on the far side, and the girl threw herself down on it like it was a bench. May slouched beside her.

Leo settled cross-legged on the floor of the van. We piled in, following suit. I sank down onto the floor opposite the girl and May, as close to the doors as I could be. Izzy sat on one side of me, Noah on the other. I couldn’t escape the fear of *what if*. The worst case scenario if these people had tricked all of us, even Izzy.

May leaned forward to heave the door shut. She smacked the driver affectionately in the back of the head. “Escort us, butler.”

He looked at her in the rear view mirror and grinned. He slammed on the gas hard enough to send May toppling flat on her ass. The force of it nearly pitched me sideways too. It knocked Izzy into me, and I caught her by the shoulders to keep her from falling.

The girl cackled at May. She didn’t even seem to notice the heave of the van surging forward.

The driver tilted his head back toward the girl. “Ladybird,” he said. “Got the time?”

“Oh, I think we’ve made it.” She hesitated, her eyes scanning as if reading a page none of the rest of us could see. “But only if you go left.”

He jerked the wheel sideways, and the van skidded to the left. 

Leo’s eyes gleamed at us hungrily. He said, “I suppose I have a lot to explain to you.” 

“You could start with how the hell you got here so quickly,” Noah said. “That seems dangerously convenient.”

The girl’s nose crinkled in distaste. She started to argue, “Easy—”

The man behind the wheel shushed her. “You focus on the timeline, birdie. Let Leo do the explaining.” His stare lingered nervously on the mirrors as, through the back windows, a steady stream of black government cars swarmed in on the concert hall. “Something tells me we’re not out of this yet.”

That made her huff, but the girl did as he said. She stood up and threw herself over the lip of the front seat to join the man up front.

But Leo didn’t look ruffled or offended. If anything, he was amused. He nodded toward me. “Hard to miss him. He’s the world-ender.”
***
 || 
***
Hello! I do plan to post 9 Levels later this week. Work this week has made my brain slush. Thank you for being patient with me <3 

And thanks for all your helpful ideas on how to improve on the last part. I am essentially posting a first draft here, and occasionally it shows. I am so grateful to every one of you who replied with thoughts and feedback and gave me ideas on how to fix it. I always treasure that kind of response (especially when I go back to prep it for Kindle), so thank you for taking the time to do it <3
***
Heavy clouds of adrenaline still hung over all of us as we hummed down the highway. 

I sat aching, as if someone had emptied me out organ by organ. Some well deep inside me was empty. The hollowness bored into me deeper than I knew possible. I was a lamp without oil. I slumped against the wall of the van and sagged into Izzy’s shoulder without quite realizing it

“You overdid it,” Izzy observed, softly.

I dipped my head in a nod. My tongue was huge and swollen in my mouth. I needed water. Needed something to eat. Desperately needed some sense of normal. 

All the possibilities reeled through my mind. If I could turn back time itself… I could go back to this morning. I could undo everything. I could tell Izzy not to go through with the interview. I could tell her everything that was going to happen.

I could change everything for the better, couldn’t I? 

For a moment I sat there shuddering. Not for the first time since we got in that van, I was grateful Izzy couldn’t shine mirrors into my mind. There was no limit to *anything*, was there? I could give myself any power I liked. I could copy Izzy’s telepathy. I could wheel back time. I could go back and undo anything that hurt. The first time Izzy had to reject me, gently, while the rain tapped at the restaurant windows and I sat forcing my smile, insisting over and over, even though she could see into my mind, that everything was fine. All those universities that respectively declined my combined mediocrity: average grades, no power, no prospects… 

For the first time in my life, I held my future in the palm of my hand. And I wasn’t quite sure what to do with it. 

Power burned in me, heady and exhausting and all mine. It was all I had ever wanted, and somehow I couldn’t make up my mind if I wanted it. World-ender. That didn’t have to be a name for me if I didn’t allow it. I could wish it all away, if I could bring myself to believe it. Give myself a nice normal power. Something that would get me a good job, maybe guessing stock market futures or lottery numbers. Something that would put me on the same level as Izzy. 

She flitted up there among the upper echelon of society, the elitely powered, a group she had every right to claim and hardly any interest in. Her powers were strong enough and useful enough to nearly land her an investigative position with the FBI, before I came along and ruined everything. Powers were hardly uncommon, but a power as profound as hers was rare.

I never imagined I might belong there one day alongside her. 

“It’s a mana drop,” Izzy murmured, oblivious for once to the manic buzz of my thoughts. “It’ll replenish. Give it a couple of days.”

*Days*. I nearly argued with that. 

But before I could whisper back, my brother broke the dense silence of the car. He sank back into his relaxed self like he had never been sharp and wound as an old spring.

“Well, shit,” Noah said, breaking into one of his sly, infectious smiles, “I say after that we hotbox the car and mellow the fuck out.”

But for once, I couldn’t quite mirror his smile. Maybe he had finally decided to trust that these people were exactly who they said they were. I couldn’t blame him for his suspicion; I couldn’t quite believe how they could manage to be at just the right place at just the right time. But Avis was explanation enough, wasn’t she?

All of it was just too strange. My own anxiety and exhaustion twisted up my spine like a live wire, kept me tense and alert. Perhaps the FBI weren’t the only people I should be worried about. 

No. That was paranoid. Izzy would tell me so, if she could look into my mind now. My brother knew these people. That’s how they knew where to look. That’s how they watched it all happen. That had to be it.

But May laughed at least. “Yeah, go ahead. Get rolling.” She lay sprawled on her back on the toolbox with the blank, contented smile of someone who knew how narrowly she had escape death and was appropriately thankful for it. The bright tinkle of her laugh got Izzy laughing along with her. The glamor May had given us was finally fading. The familiar button of Izzy’s nose was returning. Her eyes faded back to their familiar honey-brown.

I wondered if I looked in between selves, too. I *felt* stuck between selves. This morning, I had been a nobody with nothing going for me. Unremarkable in every way. Desperate to wake up with some a modest power, maybe some helpful premonition, a spot of kinesis. 

Now fucking look at me.

The driver glared over his shoulder and said, “Not with my daughter in here you won’t.”

“God,” Avis muttered under her breath. “You’re aggressively uncool sometimes.”

“You’re goddamn right I am.”

Leo smirked. He dug into the pocket of his coat and produced a pocket knife along with chunk of wood that was half-smoothed at the top into a rough sphere. He flicked out the blade of his knife began whittling away little chips of wood. They fluttered to the van floor beside him. “Guess we never had time for formal introductions, did we?” He gestured toward the driver with his knife. “This old bastard’s Nelson. That’s his daughter Avis. They’re unregistered like the rest of us.” 

Izzy’s eyebrows arched upward. “You’re all undocumented?”

Every American citizens’ ID had a box on the back of their ID: powers, with a yes or a no. Room to elaborate below. My ID bore a bright red NO next to that question. Izzy’s had a green YES with the words LEVEL 3 TELEPATH printed below it. Any power diagnosis was a matter of public record, for the arguable safety of society as a whole. The system was intended to catch people like me. 

Somehow, I managed to slip through every test and sieve. All the blood tests and school competency tests for signs of mana developing in my system came back negative. Every time. God. Who knew what those tests would look like now. What they’d print on my card now. *Fucking walking apocalypse*.   

Nelson held up a fist. “Fight the power,” he said, as if that was answer enough.

“*Aggressively* uncool,” Avis repeated, her cheeks flushing bright red. 

They looked so… utterly normal. Nelson could be anyone’s dad at the grocery store. His dark hair had a close military cut, the bristles at his temples flecked with grey. The wrinkles at the corners of his eyes revealed his easy smile. He wore a Washington Wizards baseball cap and grinned at his daughter’s embarrassment like it brought him the purest joy in the world. They had nearly the same smooth, honey-brown skin. Nearly the same constant, restless motion about them. Fingers always tapping, eyes always darting this way and that. They both seemed like they would hackle if I pointed out just how alike they were.

But Avis looked so very young, trying to melt out of existence there in the front seat. She had charm bracelets running down her arms and long hair that she gathered in a fiercely curly mane, tied back out of her face with a tie dye bandanna. She looked far too young to be risking her life helping me escape the police.

“How did you two get wrapped up in all this?” I managed, bewildered. 

Nelson gave me a grim smile over his shoulder. “Have a daughter with powers someone would kill for, and you’ll find out how far you’d go to keep her safe too, kid.” He shook his head. “Won’t let them do to her what they did to me.”

Avis turned in her seat and rolled her eyes. “Don’t get him started on his boarding school rant. *Please*.” 

“Someone just explain to me why the *hell* it should be legal for the government to take my kid away and arbitrarily classify her as *dangerous*—”

“Oh my god,” Leo groaned. “Yeah, it’s fuckin’ inhumane and shit. Jesus. We’ve all heard a few hundred times.”

Nelson glowered at him in the rear view mirror. He nodded toward us. “Well. They haven’t.”

“I’ve *certainly* heard it enough for them.” Leo held up his tiny carving to appraise it, then kept working.

Noah clicked his tongue to break up the heavy silence that followed. “So,” he said, panning a look between us all, “I assume we’re not going somewhere cool like a water park.”

“Right,” I scoffed, “because that’s the coolest place we could go right now.”

“Laser tag,” my brother offered. He smiled at me out of the corner of his eye. I knew that look. He would say or do the stupidest shit, if it got me to smile. 

And goddammit, it worked. I grinned. “Nothing’s cool like two grown men playing laser tag.”

“You’re right. We’re not doing any of that.” Leo barely looked up from his whittling. His fingers moved nimbly, coaxing life out of the wood. “But we are going to see Sherman.” His stare lifted and hooked onto mine. “*You’re* going to see Sherman, most importantly. And *we*”—he addressed the cabin as a whole now—“are going to help avoid the end of the world.”

“So dramatic,” May chided him. She kept a light grin, but the dragon kept pacing up and down and up and down her arm, tail flicking through the air like an irritated cat. 

The unignorable question sat heavy in my palms. “So you think that’s literal then? World-ender?”

Now Leo’s hands paused. I looked up to find his eyes burning into mine. His seriousness startled me. “Only you get to answer that. But we all believe a very, very old premonition has just been set in motion. And if we don’t act accordingly now, everyone you know and love may be lost.” The unspoken implication of that sat heavy on the ground between us: and it would somehow be my fault. 

The end of the world. Mankind as we know it, doomed. And all I wanted was to wake on the weekend to find Izzy curled on the sofa with a book and a coffee, waiting to get my lazy ass out of bed.

I couldn’t be the end of the world. I couldn’t.  

Izzy frowned at him. I saw my own reluctance in her eyes. “This sounds like old superstitious bullshit, frankly. It’s the twenty-first century. Do you know how insane you sound, going on about prophecies and end times? There’s a science behind powers. It’s not magic.”

“Oh, I know.” Leo cleaved the edge of his knife across the wood like a threat. “But that doesn’t make the old stories any less true. Do you think Avis is the only prophet to ever live?” He inclined his knife toward me. “He is the world-ender. There’s no doubt about it.” Leo’s next words chilled my blood within me. “And we won’t let him live up to that name.”

Izzy reached for my hand and clutched my fingers like she was trying to speak to me. But she didn’t need any words. I understood her instantly.

The FBI weren’t the only ones capable of setting a trap for us. 
***
 || 

Thank you guys for your constant kindness and support <3 Yesterday was busy in my world! Replying to comments and contacting all the people who need it today!

***

To Clint’s relief, Rosco remembered him. The dark moons of his eyes even crinkled up in joy when Clint gestured to Malina and introduced her as his locked away friend.

“What did you take of your first stint in the view-room?”

“Well, I sat and watched advertisements for about seventeen hours straight. As you can imagine, I absolutely fucking hated it.”

That made Rosco cackle. “When I first went in,” he told her, “they hadn’t implemented the minimum time rule yet. It was like being fucking assaulted with data, dude.”

Malina gave him a tired smile. Like she would have found all this so much funnier under better circumstances. She nodded to the shotgun on the wall. “How much for that beauty?”

Rosco gave her a smile Clint recognized by now. “Two-fifty. I’ll throw in two boxes of ammunition in exchange for your story.”

She snorted. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

“I like knowing about people. I like collecting little things about them.”

“That’s weird,” Malina muttered.

“Well it’s a seventy-five for the bullets sticker price, so you choose, little lady.”

Malina looked him up and down severely for a moment. As if deciding whether or not she wanted to respond to that *little lady* bit. But then she only said, “You’re aware that you’re part of an elaborate game?”

“No, *you’re* part of an elaborate game. I’m a damned soul who’s got a lovely summer job.”

Clint blinked at him. That statement made him feel so dizzyingly small for a moment that he could not think straight.

But Malina snorted a laugh. She told him, “My son had an accident on his skateboard two weeks ago. He was wearing his helmet, but he didn’t cinch it tightly enough. He’s been in the ICU ever since.” Her eyes were glassy and bright green. “And I would like to win this game to save his life.”

Rosco looked down the bridge of his nose and gave her a warm, knowing smile. “And what about your own?”

“I don’t care about my own without him in it. If I die in here, fine.” She shrugged. “I’d rather be dead with him than alive without him.”

The shopkeeper slid the box of bullets across the table. When he counted out Clint’s coins one by one, he nodded to the shotgun on the wall and told Malina, “Go ahead and take it.”

Malina pulled the gun off the wall. Looked at her broken watch, absently, as if she could still find answers there. And she said, “I guess we had better get going.”

“Do you think you have time to meet a friend of mine first?”

Malina’s face twisted up. “First this storytime crap, and now this? I’m sorry, but we have places to—”

“Are you talking about the other player?”

“Why didn’t you tell me someone else made it through?” she said to Clint, as if this was a deep betrayal.

Rosco watched Malina with a mixture of fascination and disdain. As if he could not quite make up his mind what he felt about her. She had honed herself into a fine edge, that was sure. He looked at Clint. “She’s expressed she would like to meet you.”

“You can understand why I feel a little freaked out about this, after what we’ve been through.”

“She’s a kid,” Clint told her.

Malina’s eyes shot up. “How could a little kid get past Florence?”

Rosco shrugged his massive shoulders and held back the curtain leading to the backroom of his shop. “Why don’t you ask her yourself?”

Clint and Malina exchanged a glance, and he knew the second he looked at her that she was thinking the same thing as him: they couldn’t just leave without seeing who was inside. Malina looked like a tiger who’d smelt a stranger in her woods.

Together, they walked into the back of the shop.

The backroom was larger than Clint anticipated. The front half was a fat desk with scattered boxes of inventory and files. The other half contained a limp futon and a twin mattress lying on the floor. On the futon sat a girl with a well-creased copy of *The Inferno* in her hands. She looked up anxiously when the trio entered.

She was young. So young that Clint would be surprised if she was in high school yet. She was narrow, long-legged, giraffeish. When she made eye contact with Clint her eyes quickly skittered away across the floor again. Everything about her was pale, as if she was trying to make herself smaller in her every molecule. Her blonde hair was so light it looked nearly white. Her eyes were like blue porcelain.

She said, “Hi,” uncertainly, her voice a question mark.

Clint fought the insane urge to hunker down like she was a preschooler. He didn’t want to frighten her. And he felt frightening, carrying a bag full of stolen money and two heavy pistols. Malina hung her shotgun over her shoulder and regarded the girl, her face softening by degrees.

“Hey,” Clint said.

 Malina only raised her hand and offered a close-lipped smile.

Rosco  murmured, “I’ll give you all some space,” before he slipped back to his shop.

“How did you get out?” Malina murmured.

“I thought I was the only one,” she admitted. Her eyes were sheeny, but she blinked fast, smeared the tears away from the corners of her eyes. “I thought I’d be the only one who figured it out. I mean, the only one Florence didn’t shoot.”

Malina walked over and sank down on the edge of the bed. She rested her elbows on her knees and leaned forward to give the girl a long thoughtful look. 

“How did you do it?” she asked.

The girl tucked her hair behind her ear and ducked her head. She watched the corner of the room. “I’ve been bad at this game from the start. I didn’t want to kill anyone, and I couldn’t figure out where to go after I mapped the whole place—”

“You mapped the *whole* place?”

“I woke up in the school, before Florence showed up. So that was just lucky.” The girl’s eyes flicked to Malina’s, and for a moment they shared a smile before she looked away again. “But I couldn’t figure out any way forward. So I just… tried to survive, I guess. I found this little shack out by the creek—”

“There’s a shack?” 

“It’s deep in the forest. Honestly, it was half a shack.” The girl shrugged. “The only thing I could find at first was a hatchet. Pretty good for building a shack.”

Clint shrugged his backpack off, wincing at the bruise-like ache of his shoulder. “I’m damn impressed you survived with just a hatchet.”

“I just sat.” The girl’s smile was empty and bitter. “I would wait until right after Florence’s gang killed everyone, and when they drove off, I’d look for what was left.”

“They don’t leave much behind,” Malina murmured.

“Except food. And books. And that’s what I took.”

“How long were you in there?” Clint asked, stunned. He tried to imagine this girl living under a rickety wooden shed with stacks of books and canned food, just waiting for something to happen.

“I heard Death come on the radio. I had a portable radio I’d found on my first day or two.” She looked between them both with a helpless smile. “I really just guessed at time.”

Malina held up her watch, which was still non-functional. It was broken in a new way now, ticking slowly between one minute and the next, as if it was hovering in the second of change forever. “You and me both.”

“But the second he said *it seems none of you are very big readers* I knew my books were actually good for something.” She laughed at that, as if the absurdity of it all still delighted her all. “To be honest, before that I felt like it was just a weirdly long time to wait to die.” 

Clint wanted to ask her how it happened for her. Wanted to tell her his own story. Wanted her to know that she wasn’t alone in all of this. She looked so insular and small. Unguarded in a way that no other player had ever seemed. As if she was still exactly the same person as she had been before death.

Instead he asked, “How did you get to the field? With the snakes?”

“Oh, *that’s* why Florence’s people were in the field.” The girl’s smile warmed her face, made her seem less pallid and scared. “They were roving that place for like… days. It was terrifying. They were a quarter mile from my shack and shooting all the time.” She shook her head and gripped her ponytail hard. As if the feeling grounded her, helped her think. “*The Inferno* was the only book with any writing in it. Seemed pretty straightforward from there. And then I just walked up and down the creek until I found a garter snake down by the water.” The girl shrugged. “Seemed like a reference to Minos.”

“You make me feel stupid.” Malina’s smile was unironic and lovely. Showed her teeth and everything. “And I mean that in the best way possible. Jesus, you’re smarter than I’ve ever been.”

The girl tucked her hair behind her ear and smiled down at her lap. “I just like reading.”

“Where were all these fucking snakes just hanging around?”

“Oh, shit,” Clint said, embarrassed, “we haven’t even introduced ourselves. I’m Clint.” He extended his hand, and the girl shook it shyly. “This is Malina. She knows this game way better than I do. This is like my second or third day.”

The girl’s eyes shot open wide. “And you’re already *here?*”

“Fucking right? I hate him.” Malina nudged him good-naturedly in the ribs. “He’s just lucky he ran into me.”

“I am.” Clint’s smile was warm and real. “Seriously.”

“Ugh, shut up.”

Now the girl seemed to be warming up by degrees. Her shyness melting away from her bit by bit. “I’m Daphne,” she said. “To be honest, I thought I was going to have to go through this whole thing by myself.”

Clint smiled at her. “Now you don’t have to.”

Daphne grinned back.
***
 |Thanks for being patient for this <3 I've been super sick and meant to post this earlier. More coming to Patreon tomorrow :) Thanks for reading! 
***
 | 
***
Confusion and anger twisted Noah’s face. He passed a scowl from Leo to May, as if she was guilty by association. “What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”

My belly flipped over and settled limp and heavy as a dead fish in my lap. I gripped my own knees, tightly, and focused on watching my knuckles whiten. What the hell was he talking about?

I glanced sideways at Izzy, but she sat there, silent and unmoving. Her stare didn’t flick toward me in that telltale, unconscious way it always did when a particularly directed thought crossed my mind. She had never been capable of ignoring me, even when she tried.

Somehow, she couldn’t hear me.

May scoffed. “You don’t have to be so defensive. You know Sherman. You know you can trust him.”

“I know I can buy weed from him,” Noah corrected her. “That’s all. I’ve never even met the guy.”

Worry mounted under the strange face Izzy wore. I wondered why May didn’t let our disguises slip. Maybe they hadn’t ruled out the possibility of us getting caught just yet. 

Izzy said, “Are you saying you know what his power is?”

Now it was Leo’s turn to let his indignation show. His brow crinkled at the accusation underlying Izzy’s tone. “Anyone with a fucking clue has seen it by now.”

That made my belly pitch. I had never known much about the quiet minority community of powered individuals, except two things: they all had to register with the government, and I was never supposed to be one of them. I had little idea what kinds of powers were out there beyond the party tricks I’d seen drunks bring out at the bar. I had seen little point in researching a life I could never live. 

But now I was one of them. And I had no idea who the hell I was up against. If this van full of strangers was even someone I could trust.

“*I* don’t even know what my power is.” I couldn’t help my own incredulity. “You expect me to believe you know?”

“The same way you turned an engine into nothing, and how you teleported yourself here.” Leo raised his hands in twin arcs and twiddled his fingers. “Magic.”

May clutched the storage box as the van veered hard to the left. I threw my arm out to keep Izzy from tipping forward. May narrowed her eyes at him. “I’m not sure I’m a huge fan of the connotations of the word magic.”

“It’s what we do, so suck it up,” the girl in the front seat said. Then she tipped her head toward the driver. “Left again, dad. You’re going to sense some of them coming—”

“Now,” the driver agreed, and he jerked the van right before the girl could direct him to.

I did my best to cling onto the wall and keep Izzy and I from scrabbling across the floor of the van like loose marbles. 

May pressed on, “It *implies* that there’s no ontological basis for powers, and—”

“Let’s debate the semantics later, Mayday,” Noah muttered. He tried to force a smile, but the gravity of his tone told me fear had found my brother at last. “I’m more interested in hearing your explanation. Quickly.”

But Leo just smirked at him, unintimidated. His attention slid to Izzy. “You know why your power isn’t working right now?”

Izzy swallowed. Even with a stranger’s face, I could recognize her uncertainty anywhere. She said through her teeth, “I’m guessing it has something to do with you.”

“Clever deduction.” The van jolted over a pothole. Leo rode the upward force of the van like a surfer easing over a surprise wave. The rest of us skidded and scattered, barely kept from sliding down on our asses. 

Leo jerked a thumb over his shoulder toward the man driving. “I’ll share something with you. My friend up there has a map in his mind where he can see the energy burst of someone using their power. Most people it’s just a little wave around them. A little splash. He can see it all the time.” Leo’s stare burned into mine. “And you, my friend, have an aura of energy the size of downtown D.C. We’ve been following yours all morning. Trying to get to the epicenter.” He spread his hands toward me. “And we’ve found you.”

“Just in time,” the girl in the front seat called over her shoulder. She tilted her head just far enough back for me to see the lights beaming in her eyes. Her pupils were a pale, fleeting projection of colors, as if a movie screen played in her eyes. She looked toward us without seeing us, then turned her head forward once more. Her shoulders went rigid. “Run this red light.”

“I’ll hit—”

“You won’t. Trust me.”

The driver seethed through his teeth and floored it.

I squeezed my eyes shut and drove my heels into the floor of the van. I couldn’t decide if I was grateful for or maddened by the fact that the van had no back windows. I focused all my anxiety and fear into trying to believe that this girl really knew exactly when and where we were going.

“Careful there.” When I opened my eyes, Leo was grinning at me. He shook his head like I was a child making the same mess over and over again. “We’re not the only one with an aura-detector on their team. I’m sure of it.”

“Oh.” Izzy sat up straighter, her eyes brightening with revelation. “That’s what you do. You mute people’s powers.”

“I thought you’d put that together faster.” Leo winked as if to show that was only a joke. It didn’t stop Izzy from hackling beside me. “But yes. I’m keeping your auras nice and quiet to make us harder to track.”

“So you’ve followed him all morning,” Noah said before Izzy could get the chance to snap. “Why exactly?”

“You don’t want to know what happens if he falls into government control.” Leo tilted his stare up toward the girl sitting in the front seat. “Avis saw it well enough.”

Now I couldn’t help my curiosity. “What did she see?”

Leo waved me away. “There are better places to discuss the end of the world.” His attention shifted between Izzy, my brother, and I. “But my boss knows who you are. What you can do. We want to help you change everything. We’re either at the beginning of the end, or the start of the future.” A grin tugged at his lips. “And it all hinges on you.”

Noah’s glare flicked to May. “Did you know they were coming?”

May shrugged. “Leo texted me to go down to the Rabbit, and then a couple minutes later you did too. Seemed important enough.”

A strange feeling welled in my belly. I couldn’t shake the sense that I was a pawn on someone else’s chess board, only just becoming aware someone else had been pushing me around all this time.

I kept my face as even as my voice. “Tell me what my power is, then. If it’s so important.”

The corner of Leo’s mouth quirked. “You don’t think you can figure it out yourself?”

The girl, Avis, twisted around in her seat. The lights had faded from eyes. She seemed foggy, as if coming out of a dream. She murmured, “Stop being a dick. He needs to know, if we’re all going to make it back to base alive.”

“You need to keep your mind in the right place.” The driver leaned over and swatted her thigh. 

Avis whipped back around in her chair, her eyes already fading into the silver gleam of watching the future. 

Izzy reached out and squeezed my shoulder, briefly. “I’m sorry,” she whispered, as if all of this was her fault. As if it all could have been avoided if I hadn’t walked into that building with her this morning. 

“Easy,” Leo said. “Anything you believe comes true.”

Disbelief blanketed me. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

“Exactly what it sounds like.” Leo pushed his curly hair back from his forehead. “Why do you think the FBI finds you so fucking scary?”

I didn’t have a good answer for that.

“Oh no,” the girl in the front seat gasped.

The driver snapped his head toward her. “What is it?”

“This is the time line,” she whispered, “where I get distracted.”

His eyes widened. His mouth opened to ask her just what the hell she meant.

But before she could speak, the left wall of the van crumpled inward. Our back wheels started skidding and screaming, grappling for traction.

Whatever hit us, once we started spinning, we couldn’t stop. 
***

 || 
***
##The Second Level: Lust

Clint hit the second level hard, on his shoulder. He groaned in pain as his scab reopened. Hot blood seeped his shirt.

Wherever he was, it was dark and warm. The ground beneath his cheek was hard and dusty. It smelled like musty wet earth.

Clint rolled over onto his back, gasping. His hands were still firmly duct taped behind his back. When he opened his eyes, he saw the cave ceiling overhead. Then Virgil poked his head into Clint’s vision and grinned.

“I knew you’d put it together,” he rewarded Clint. “I was less sure about your friend.”

Shock jolted through Clint’s chest, a lightning-lick of adrenaline. He burst upright and looked around. Malina lay face-down in the earth, her curls covering her face. Blood pooled darkly out from under her chin.

“Oh, shit,” he said. His voice went tight. “Oh, shit, Malina.” He looked up at Virgil. The boy seemed to glow in the lightless cave, and it was, Clint realized, the only reason he could see at all. He wrestled against the duct tape. “Is she dead?”

Malina groaned into the earth, “I fucking wish I was.”

Relief flooded Clint’s chest. He pushed himself onto his knees and tried to scoot over to her. Then he glanced over his shoulder at Virgil. “Think you could help me out here, please?” he asked, barely remembering to pretend to be kind about it.

Virgil shrugged. “That feels sort of like cheating.”

“Cheating,” Clint repeated in breathless disbelief. “You’re not allowed to help us?”

The boy grinned. “I already helped you.” He produced something from behind his back, as if it had appeared out of thin air. He tossed it into the dirt in front of Clint. “I think I did you a better favor than untying you.”

Malina lifted her face out of the dirt. Silt stuck to the open cuts on her brow and lip. She laughed humorlessly when she saw The Inferno sitting between them both.

“Oh good,” she muttered. “You brought the goddamn book.”

“That book is the only reason we’re still alive,” Clint reminded her. He caught Virgil’s stare, which was starting to look stormy. “Thank you,” he said, relieved when the easy joy appeared in the boy’s eyes again, “for bringing it.” He turned so that his hands were facing Malina’s back. “Help me get this off. I can barely move my shoulder.”

Malina pushed herself upright with a pained groan. They sat back-to-back as she fumbled for the starting tail of Clint’s tape. After a few minutes of struggling and cursing and elbowing Clint sharply in the back, she unwound the tape from his wrists until it was loose enough for Clint to wriggle his arms out of.

He rubbed his aching wrists, gasping at the pain in his shoulder when he revolved his arm forward again. Then Clint turned and ripped Malina’s tape off. He fell back on his ass and gasped up at the stony ceiling. His stare roved forward.

The floor seemed to pitch upwards and ended at a spot of light in the distance. As though they were in some kind of tunnel. 

“They took all of our shit,” Malina muttered, darkly. She patted down her pockets and produced only a book of matches, spare shells for a shotgun she no longer had, and the detached scope. She swore again. “Where are we, Virgil?”

The boy was sprawled out on the open air, like he was bored of waiting here for them. He regarded them upside down and sighed. “You can’t expect me to tell you *everything*.”

Malina scowled at him.

Clint picked up the book from the dirt and turned it toward the light. He squinted at the map in the dim. “We’re in the second circle,” he told Malina. He tapped the page, leaving an ashen grey fingerprint. “Lust.”

“Charming,” Malina said. She pulled the book out of his hand and flipped through it without reading. “How the hell do we tell where it talks about it?”

“The table of contents—” Clint started.

She just growled in frustration and threw the book back at him. “You fucking do it, then.”

“Well, I was, until you ripped out of my hands.”

Virgil giggled at them, bemused. 

Clint reminded her, gently, “You should be happy. We’re alive.”

“I’m allowed to be pissed at the situation, Clint. Just look up what that fucking book says to do.”

He thumbed back through the contents until he came up to the fifth canto. But it had no more markings on any of its pages, and as he tried to read he felt his focus crisscrossing and skittering away from him.

“Maybe,” Virgil said, dryly, “you two should just poke your heads outside and see if that helps you sort things out.”

“Oh, now you’re helping,” Malina snapped.

“Only because watching you fumble is *painful*.”

“Thank you,” Clint said, gripping Malina’s wrist to silence her before she could start another rant. “For the suggestion.”

Malina just stalked off down the tunnel without him. She was limping, though she seemed to try to hide it. Clint hurried to catch up with her.

“Does your leg hurt?” he asked.

“No. I’m fine.”

“You’re not walking like you’re fine.” 

With every step, Malina’s face screwed up tighter with pain. “I just sprained my ankle. When I fell. That’s  it. You don’t have to make this big fucking deal.”

Clint looped his left arm under her shoulders without another word. When she tried to push him away, he let go but told her, “You know you’re going to make it worse walking on it like that. Let me help you.”

For a long moment she stood rigid, her spine locked. Then, bit by bit, she relaxed against him.

They kept walking up to the crest of the tunnel. As they walked the sky revealed itself piece by piece: light blue and streaked with clouds, the tall spires of skyscrapers kissing its belly. But when they reached the end of the tunnel, the ground stopped inches from the opening. They stood in a pocket of a deep cliff. When Clint dared to lean far enough forward to look up, he could see dozens more scattered along the cliff-face like a honeycomb full of sleeping bees.

He murmured, “Are those for the other people to pass through?”

“If they figure it out, sure.” Virgil walked out on the sky ahead of them, hands resting casually in his pockets. He hovered there, letting his toes dip lazily, and gave them a breezy smile. “It’s a lovely day. Quite windy. I like when we match the source material.”

Malina clutched Clint tightly, like a koala. She seemed to be trying to push herself behind his back as subtly as she could.

“Are you okay?”

“Not a fan of heights,” she said against his shirt.

Clint squeezed her back. “Hey. It’s okay.”

Virgil laughed. “Well, no it’s not. Not really.” He nodded at the blanket of clouds stretched below them, where the roots of the buildings lay covered in fog. Who knew how far down. “We’ll need to go down.”

“How?” Malina gasped.

“The only way you can,” Virgil said. And, as if to clarify what he meant, he let himself plummet like a bird through the open air—down down down through the clouds, until he was gone.

“Oh, fuck. Fucking shit. That bitch really should have just killed me.” Malina scrambled back from the lip of the cliff and gripped the wall tightly. She was shaking so hard that Clint could physically see her trembling.

“You don’t mean that. You’re just scared.”

Clint raised his eyes. Above her head, someone had carved into the rock wall,

>'Beware how you come in and whom you trust.   
>Don't let the easy entrance fool you.'

He flipped through the fifth canto until he found that same line: King Minos had said it to Dante when Dante entered the second circle.

Clint read and read, his stomach sinking. He repeated the words to himself until he was sure he understood what they meant.

“We have to jump,” he whispered.

“Go to fucking hell, Clint.”

He couldn’t help his wry grin. “We’re already here, aren’t we?”

Malina made a sound that was half a laugh and half a cry.

“You don’t even have to look. You just hold onto me and jump.”

“You’re crazy. You’re actually crazy.”

He held out the book to her, but she slapped it out of his hand. It skittered across the ground and nearly tumbled into oblivion.

“The second circle,” he explained, “has a bunch of people carried by wind. That has to be what’s going to happen for us.”

“Or we’re going to just splatter on the ground, and that stupid asshole kid is gonna be waiting at the bottom to laugh at us.”

“He wouldn’t do that,” Clint said, instantly, and then wondered if he could really say that about Virgil with confidence.

“You don’t know that.”

“I know that if we sit up here, we may as well just die. Because you don’t move forward in any game when you just sit still. Right?”

Malina dipped her head in a nod. She couldn’t bring herself to meet Clint’s stare.

“Hey. You’ve got this. You’re the baddest motherfucker I’ve ever met, okay?”

“I might throw up on you.”

Clint grinned. “I could survive that.” He crammed the book under his belt so that the air wouldn’t rip it away from him.

He and Malina crept toward the cliff edge. Clint kept one arm looped firmly around her, while Malina clutched him with both arms so tightly he could barely breathe. She hid her face in his chest and whimpered into him, “I really, really hate this.”

“I know.” He rubbed her shoulder reassuringly. “Ready?”

“God, no.”

“We’ll jump on three. Okay?” 

Malina nodded without looking up. 

Clint could feel the tears soaking into his shirt but said nothing. He licked his dry lips and peered out into the cloudy abyss. The buildings jutted up like metal and glass stalagmites sprouting from the dense fog. The ground somewhere down below them.

*Don’t let the easy entrance fool you,* he thought to himself. His ankle still hurt from that snake’s bite.

“One,” he said. Looked up at the bright endless horizon. “Two.”

“I’m gonna fucking kill you.”

“Three.”

Clint tightened his grip on Malina and leapt forward, launching them both off the cliff.

They fell as dead bodies fall.
***
 | 
***| 

Update bot shit the bed yesterday so if you missed part 7, you can read it 
***
Clint hunkered behind the wall and watched as Malina stole across the street. She knelt down low against the side of the house, hidden from their sight only by a dense rosebush. When the men turned away, their calm conversation carried on the wind, Malina burst out of her hiding place. She was fast, faster than Clint had expected for someone her age. She skittered across within seconds, and by the time the guards turned back around, she had already dove behind the flowerbed across the street. Clint could no longer see her. She had to be belly-flat in the grass, gasping there, barely daring to move.

He leaned against the fence, watching the men through the slats of the posts. The grenade in his hand was a cool, unfamiliar weight. His rifle hung against his belly, more reassuring now than ever. 

Clint inhaled, deeply. Exhaled. Yanked the pin out of the grenade. Stared at it for a couple of seconds, his heart rabbiting against his ribs. Just before she dashed across the street, Malina had told him, “If you throw it too soon, they’ll have time to run away. But don’t wait too long or you’ll fucking kill yourself.” And she had laughed and patted his shoulder. “Count to three. You’ll be fine.”

He hurled the grenade.

It spiraled through the air in a perfect arc and sunk into the driver seat of the jeep. Neither one of the men even looked.

Clint watched, counting seconds in his head, and moments later the car exploded outward. He had to close his eyes against the dense blinding heat of it; shrapnel rattled against the fence. When he opened his eyes again, the men and the car were just husks of themselves: a blackened metal frame, two pairs of boots with ruined shins protruding out. Right on time, six more people came pouring out of the house. One of them, a woman, barked into her walkie talkie for reinforcements. 

Malina’s grenade soared through the perfect blue sky. The people were too busy scouring the ruined jeep to think to look behind them. Only the person still standing on the porch screamed at the rest of them, “Grena—” but the blast blew him back into the house before he could finish his sentence. 

Clint vaulted himself over the fence. Adrenaline sent him up and over and solidly back on his feet again. He did not stop to wonder at how he’d done that without fucking it up. He only raised his rifle and squeezed the trigger. The force of the bullets rattling out pushed the muzzle of the gun up and away, and the line of bullets wobbled uncertainly until Clint’s aching arms locked up and the rifle steadied.

He just held down the trigger and did his best to aim.

Only two people were still standing. Three more lay pooling blood, dead or dying. One of them had a huge chunk of his skull ripped out and still crawled gasping over the pavement for his gun. 

Clint aimed at the rest of his skull. Tried to pretend this was just a video game, and this was not a real human really trying to claw their way back to life. He squeezed the trigger. But it only clicked, metal on metal. He smacked the magazine out with the heel of his hand, fumbled for the ammunition in his side pocket. His pulse pounded so hot in his head he could hear nothing but the *thum thum thum* of his own blood. His ear drums were a wall of shrieking static.

Then the man’s head exploded like a dropped watermelon and his body collapsed limply to the ground. Milliseconds later, the crack of Malina’s shotgun shattered the air. Clint felt it reveberate once, twice, and he raised his eyes to see Malina flick the two spent shells out and jam two more in.

Only one of Florence’s gang still stood. And she had her machine gun trained straight at Clint. He threw himself to the ground, but the bullet caught him in the chest. It hit him like a punch, and he just lay there on the grass, gasping in disbelief, until the boom of Malina’s shotgun snapped him back to the present.

He crammed bullets into the empty magazine. And when he sat up, his own dark blood stained the grass.

“Malina,” he said, woozily. He pushed himself to his feet and retched stomach acid into the grass. 

Someone rubbed his back in reassuring circles. For a split second, he wanted to shove the end of his rifle into their belly and squeeze the trigger. But when he turned his head he saw only Malina.

“Come on,” she told him, gently. “We have to keep going.”

“I think I got fucking shot.”

“You did. It will heal. You heal quickly here.” She unzipped the back pouch of Clint’s backpack and rattled out a few pills into her palm. She placed the rest of the bottle back in his bag. “Here. It helps take the edge off. Moves things along a bit quicker.”

Clint threw the pills back. He wanted to pause and wonder at the bleeding hole in his upper chest, but Malina took his hand and pulled him back toward the backyard they’d come from.

“We have to hurry,” she told him. “One of them radioed for help.”

“This isn’t good,” Clint muttered.

“It’s better than it could have been.” Malina picked up the magazine he’d almost left in the grass and clicked it back onto his gun for him. Like she couldn’t help mothering him, now that he was hurt. “You can run. I know it hurts, but you’re not going to die. But if we don’t leave now, we just might.”

Clint nodded and followed her. Every breath and step sent pain whistling through every part of him. But it didn’t take long for the opiates to numb it. His blood stuck tacky to his skin, but it was a slow steady ooze. He would not bleed out. Somehow, this post-death body would fix itself up again.

There was nothing else to do but run. And hope no one else would beat them to it.
***
 || 
***
They spent hours walking around the full length of the map. The sun relented for part of it as the clouds came out and filled the air with rain. The cool water was a stinging relief against his broken skin.

Pain was real here. Palpable. He could feel it in every breath and every gasping tug of his backpack. He carried his Kalashnikov unslung, because the weight of it pulled at the hole in his chest and reopened it bit by bit.

“How long does it take for it to go away?” Clint muttered when they stopped once for water. They were all the way on the western edge of the circle, almost halfway opposite the map from Florence’s gang. Their efforts had brought the number of players down to eighty-one, and while they were walking Florence’s crew dropped it another few to seventy-eight. 

“For what?” Malina asked. She dipped her head up and he realized she was walking staring down at the map. Her eyes looked busy. She looked at the wound on Clint’s chest. “We should wrap that up. It will go a bit faster. Should be done in another few hours or so.”

They paused under the shade of an oak tree, where the rain wasn’t falling quite as thick. They set down their packs, and Clint sat on top of his with a heavy sigh. He pulled off his shirt. The upper part of the plate was dented and twisted, and a half circle of the bullet’s trail tore through the shoulder strap.

“Could have been worse.” Malina peeled off his bulletproof vest, ignoring his yelp of pain. She only squeezed his forearm and reminded him, “Stay quiet. Where’s that rubbing alcohol you found?”

Clint sat still, biting his fist, while Malina doused the little hole below his collarbone in clear liquid. It stank and stung, and he seethed through his teeth, but within moments the burning lowered to a constant dull ache. Malina slapped a wad of bandages over the spot. Clint held it in place while she looped medical tape over his shoulder and under his armpit, a few tight revolutions that held his bandage fast.

“Shouldn’t we take the bullet out?” he ventured.

“Just like in real life, you’ll cause way more damage doing that than if you just left it in. More abrasions, more bleeding, more infection.” Malina tore the tape with her teeth and knotted the end of it. “I tried it once.” She pulled up her shirt to show him her soft belly, the spidering scar near her hip. It was dark fresh scar tissue.

“Jesus Christ. What happened?”

“Nearly died my first day here. Now, I’m more careful.” She tossed him his shirt and stood with a stretching sigh. “We have to keep moving,” she reminded him. “Our little diversion will only work for so long.”

Clint nodded and rose to his feet. Winced and gasped as he eased back into his shirt. The bulletproof vest that may have saved his life. The bandage helped the backpack burn a little less when it pulled at his clavicle.

They kept walking.

As they eased into the northwest curve of the circle, they found the suburbs giving way to a dense grove of trees. The trees were full of birdsong and chittering squirrels. Clint nearly walked with his head up, watching the branches. Nearly forgot where he was. But when they entered the grove Malina raised her gun and whispered to him, “This is an easy place to get caught out. Lots of little hiding places.”

Clint nodded. He raised his rifle and cushioned it against his left shoulder. His right arm was stronger, but he couldn’t imagine the backwards pounding of his rifle against the bullethole in his shoulder. Great fucking stars of pain.

They split apart and walked low through the trees. Malina was only thirty feet or so west of him, picking her way near-soundlessly through the brush. To his right, through the trees, Clint could see the field she had talked about. The sage grass was at least up to his hips, deep enough to hide him crawling through, backpack and all. Beyond the field, he could see two distinct buildings opposite them. One was larger than the other, its parking lot a fleet of muddy vehicles: trucks and humvees and jeeps, a small pack of motorcycles. And near spitting distance away from it, separated only by a grove of trees, sat a low square building.

The library.

***

As usual, Malina devised their plan. And Clint did not try to debate her, despite all his qualms, because he knew he could not think of anything better.

Now three-quarters of his map was filled in. He sat at the very top of his map, the northern edge where the trees grew sparse and thin. A quarter mile of grass sat between them and the school, a huge sprawling building with dead-eyed and shattered windows. No sounds came from there: no shouts, no laughter, nothing. Quiet as a grave.

“Do you think they all left?” Clint whispered to her.

“Doubt it. But I would believe most of them left.” Malina reached into her pack and produced a scope for a gun she did not own. But she squinted through it at the windows, turning the lens gently to see more. “They know they’re under attack. They don’t know who’s doing it. They have no choice but to go hunting for us in each and every house.” She smirked sideways at Clint. “Which is precisely what we want. Distraction.”

Clint nodded and swallowed the cold husk of his fear. He asked, “Are you ready?”

“If anyone is there,” she warned him, “they’re going to see us. There’s no point crawling. We just need to run, hide behind the nearest car, and pray to fucking hell that we don’t get shot. Okay?”

That expression made Clint laugh. It was appropriate, of course; praying to God wouldn’t do much good in a place like this.

He said, “I’m glad I met you.”

“Don’t be sappy. We’re not dying.” But she gripped his forearm tightly, like it was the closest she could bring herself to hugging him. “Okay. Keep your head down. Try to make yourself as small as possible. Make yourself harder to hit.”

Clint stared across the brief stretch of open field left. The sky was nearly black with storm clouds, and Malina’s words were punctuated by the faraway hum of thunder. 

They set off sprint across the field. Clint lowered himself down, and crouching like this with their guns raised and sweeping the field in front of them, he and Malina ran at the same speed. They bolted across the field like mice trying to make it to their burrow before the fox comes.

Clint expected gunfire. He expected a warning shout. But they dove behind the car, and the only thing he heard was another low rumbling from the sky. 

“Do you think,” he gasped, “anyone’s there yet?”

Malina just shook her head at him and pressed her finger to her lips. She leaned over the hood of the jeep and peered her shotgun around. Looked at the dark-eyed windows of the school with her detached scope once more. “We have to hope we don’t have to head back the way we came,” she muttered. “We might have timed it while they were out, but if they come back while we’re still in there…”

“We may be fucked,” Clint agreed.

“Right.”

He glanced toward the library. His heart huge and happy in his chest. Light as a bird. He couldn’t help his laugh. “I’ll race you there.”

Malina barked a laugh. “I don’t want to embarrass you.”

The rain sliced through the air. It rattled against the windshields and roofs of all the cars. At the very least, if they had to shoot someone, it would be hard to hear over the rain and the dull cry of the clouds.

They set off together across that last stretch of field. Clint did not feel safe until they were pressed against the trees bordering the library parking lot. 

“Holy shit,” Malina whispered, gasping. She reached out and clutched Clint’s hand for a moment. “You’d better be right about this place.”

Then she jogged over to the closest window and banged out the remaining window panes with the butt of her gun. She pulled her sleeve over her hand to dust the rest of the glass out.

Malina grinned over her shoulder at him. Then she vaulted herself through the open window and disappeared inside the library.

Clint hurried to follow her.
***
 || 

***
Clint wasn’t sure what he had anticipated, exactly.

But it certainly wasn’t this.

Daphne took them to the last stop on the train. Halfway through the journey, Malina leaned over Daphne’s shoulder to look at the phone perched on her knee, her map spread over her other leg. Daphne’s map was, surprisingly, almost full. As if she had spent almost every moment she was here scouring the city when she wasn’t crashing at Rosco’s. Just mapping its every nook and cranny.

“So you do actually know where you’re going?” Malina asked, unsmiling.

“I went to the edge before.” Daphne tapped the northern rim of her paper. “There was something strange here, at the top of the map. I wanted to explore it, but it creeped me out. I didn’t want to go alone.”

Clint slouched into the seat beside her. Too tired to even give her map a good look. His exhaustion weighed on his very bones. He prayed the next level had a mechanic that let him *sleep*. Perhaps this one did. Perhaps if he let the leaden lids of his eyes fall shut and stay that way, he could give it a good try.

Malina reached over Daphne’s head to flick the back of Clint’s neck.

“You can nap when you’re alive,” she said, but there was sympathy in her voice. She dipped her head back toward Daphne’s map. “What’s up there?”

“I think it’s a theme park. It looked old. Abandoned, you know.”

The train lurched to a stop. The city came to a stop just beyond this bus stop. Out here, it was desert broken only by scrub grass and bristly trees with sparse needles. A red-eyed coyote eyed them from the top of a ridge and then disappeared once again, swaggering, unafraid. It looked nearly as big as a wolf, but its face was narrow and unmistakable. 

Clint patted at his back for the now-familiar bulge of his gun. It was cool against the sweat pooling under his shirt. For the first time, it occurred to him that there could be non-human enemies in this game too.

They had to walk nearly three miles down a road that was more dust than asphalt now just to reach the damn thing. Clint acted like Malina’s crutch the whole way. Her left arm gripped her shotgun like she was ready to shove away from Clint and swing her gun up into both hands the second someone sprung out of the brush at them.

Daphne just skittered ahead of them, restless as a leaf on the wind. She looked from the ridges of rock and silty earth, back to Clint and Malina. Her grin was huge, childlike, and unafraid. She pointed where the road curved ahead.

“It’s just up there,” she said. “I’m sure of it.”

Malina leaned into Clint’s side heavily. She was panting, trying hard not to show her exhaustion. He nearly offered to give her another piggyback ride, but the look in her eyes told him the suggestion wouldn’t be taken kindly.

He asked Daphne, “What’s at this place?”

“You’ll see. It’s… hard to describe.” The girl tucked a long lock of her white-blonde hair behind her ear. “I never went inside.”

“Then how do you know it will help us?” Malina panted at her, her brows drawn together in frustration or exhaustion or both.

“I don’t.” Daphne’s cheeks flushed bright pink. Her pale skin could not hide the rush of blood. “I just have a strong hope.”

“Based on *what?*”

“The third level is called gluttony. What’s more gluttonous than a theme park?”

“Well, all of Micro City,” Clint murmured. He stopped to readjust his slipping grip on Malina, and for a blessed minute, all three of them stood still. The sky was deep and blue as the ocean, the sun angry as hell overhead.

Daphne faltered. Her brows furrowed. “Well, okay. But where are you going to hide a giant three-headed dog in a city that full of people and light and noise?” 

“It could be a tiny three-headed dog,” Clint said, and both Malina and Daphne laughed at that. The tension in the air dissipated. 

Daphne looked less embarrassed and unsure of herself. Her eyes shone earnestly. The girl pulled her map out of her pocket and held it out in front of both of them. “I’ve mapped out this whole city, basically.” She gestured to the bottom edge of the map, which was still foggy and undefined. “That was just the port. I was going to go check it out today, actually.” She smiled, shyly. “Until you two showed up.”

So they kept walking.

As they rounded the corner, the theme park emerged on the horizon. The desert was flat in all directions, except for the round boundary of the theme park. It had tall wooden walls bleached from the sun. Beyond them Clint could only see the twisting skeleton of a roller coaster, the top of a ferris wheel with its brightly-colored gondolas swinging and shrieking in the wind. 

Malina sighed against Clint’s shoulder. “It does look like a good place to hide the entrance to another hell.” She raised her voice so that Daphne could hear her. The girl looked like she was itching to run ahead of them. She kept leaping up onto the balls of her feet like a dancer. “You can go see how we could get in, baby.”

“Are you sure it’s safe?” 

“I’m not sure anything is safe,” Malina answered, honestly.

“We’ll cover you,” Clint said, to assuage the panic that flashed over Daphne’s face.

Malina held up her shotgun in agreement.

Daphne grinned and skipped ahead without further argument.

“I like her *way* more than you.” Malina smirked up at Clint.

“I like that she makes you nice.”

Malina slapped his belly playfully. “*Nothing* will make me nice.”

“You never told me your son’s name.”

“That’s because I don’t want to.”

Clint frowned at that. “I hope you know you can trust me by now.”

Malina ducked her head, as if trying to hide behind the waterfall of her curly hair. “Oh, I know that.” And then she said nothing at all, but she kept her head turned away so he could not see her face. 

Daphne was far ahead of them now, rattling the chains holding the doors. The line of her shoulders was tight, and by the tilt of her head, Clint could tell she was thinking through it. He watched her stare for a few long moments before scouring the ground around her for a huge rock.

His left arm was wrapped around Malina’s side, and he gave her a light squeeze. “My girlfriend’s name is Rachel. She almost died… however many days ago. It was a car accident.”

Malina blinked up at him, her eyes glassy. “How did it happen?”

“Some dickhead ran a red light. I should have waited. I don’t know. I have no idea what I was thinking. The light went green, and usually I look, because people are stupid fucking idiots. But Rachel was telling me this story about the professor who hates her, and I just… didn’t.” He swallowed around the lump in his throat. His voice went quiet. “And they hit us.”

“Did they stop?”

“No. I don’t think so.” For a moment, the heat of the sun was the fire that had quickly caught on his engine block. It was the waves of heat searing his ruined dashboard. For that single awful second, he was snapping back to consciousness and staring at the inward crumple of his driver’s door in bewilderment and terror. The other car—a massive F350 truck—had pushed the entire nose of Clint’s hatchback inward, into their laps. And Rachel was in the bramble of wires and twisted metal and shattered plastic.

God, the way she’d screamed when he’d yanked her thigh off of the piece of dashboard that had impaled her, trapping her there with the smoke and the fire. Her blood had run hot against his palms and down his arms as he carried her away from the wreckage. And he had just kept apologizing, over and over, even when she asked him, “Why do you keep apologizing?”

That was the last thing he could remember her saying: *Don’t say sorry to me one more goddamn time, baby.*

But he couldn’t put words to all of that. 

Instead he only said, “It fucked her up pretty good.” He tapped the jagged diagonal scar on his temple. “I think this is what killed me.”

For a long few minutes, they hobbled along in silence. Daphne just kept ramming the stone against the padlock, her high, childish voice cursing at it every now and again.

“His name is Rafael,” Malina murmured.

“That’s a good name.”

“He’s a good boy.”

Clint held his breath. He felt like the wrong response would make her honesty scatter like a frightened cat. But Malina offered him nothing else. She only smeared her sleeve across her eyes and held him even tighter.

He held her back, awkward, one-armed, and probably the closest thing to a hug Malina would ever let herself accept.

As they reached the park gates, Daphne’s T-shirt was wholly soaked in sweat. But she raised the stone one more time and slammed it against the padlock. It finally fell in two pieces against the ground. She whooped in triumph and delight and cried, “I did it! I finally got it!”

“I knew you could,” Clint told her. He did not bother pointing out that if she could have been patient, Malina could have shot the damn thing open. But the girl’s pride was infectious; her smile made him want to smile. He offered her a high five, and she slapped his hand so hard it stung.

The sign had toppled down who knew how many years ago, but Clint could still see the shape of the letters worn into the wood: *abandon hope, all ye who enter here*. Daphne pointed up to them excitedly as Clint swung open the gates

“That’s from the third canto,” she explained. “Technically the seventh canto is the one that talks about the third circle, but it’s hard to ignore the repeated threes, you know? Plus, an *Inferno* quote is never on accident in this game, I’ve learned.”

Her delighted babbling won honest smiles out of both Malina and Clint.

They entered the theme park together. This time Malina insisted on limping on her own, even though Clint could still see in the way she tendered her foot how much it had to hurt. But she was right. She needed both hands for her gun. Clint held his gun in his slippery hands, smeared his palms off on his jeans. 


The park looked as if the attendees had dropped everything and left. No one had cleaned out any of the stores or stalls. The restaurants were reeking, full of rotten food, cardboard cutouts of smiling mascots collecting dust. Malina and Clint nosed their guns into each building one by one. They zippered together back and forth across the main walkway, Daphne clinging close behind Clint, as if she hoped his wide shoulders would catch a bullet instead of her.

But the theme park was deserted.

In the gift shop, Clint discarded his ruined shirt and grabbed a sweatshirt off the rack. His only choices were *I got sent to hell, and all I got was this fuckin’ sweater* and *The Happiest Place in Hell* along with a smiling skeleton on a ferris wheel,  so he selected the former. When Malina saw it she bent over and laughed so loud, if anyone *was* there, they certainly knew that the three had entered by now.

“Oh my god,” she gasped. “I want one.”

“No way. You can’t copy me.”

Malina scoffed at him and tapped Daphne’s shoulder. “Turn around, honey.” When the girl did, Malina unzipped Clint’s backpack and tucked the sweater inside. Like they were here to collect novelty goods.

Clint laughed at the absurdity of it all. 

They continued scouring the park. It seemed to be themed after various human representations of hell in garish cartoon depictions. There was a lava flow water ride; a tunnel of damnation which looked like an underground roller coaster buried deep beneath a miniaturized stone Mayan temple; an ice rink of bumper cars called Helheim, its front entrance guarded by a carved wooden troll, nearly ten feet tall, its eyes amber stone that seemed to track them as they passed. There was even an “olde towne” area that looked like a scene from a Hieronymus Bosch painting: benches shaped like the naked suffering dead, rides with joints made of femurs and forearms. The greatest feature in that area was the fun house, which looked like it was carved into the torso of a man lying on his side, eyes wide with panic. His ribs folded backwards to let patrons inside, though now there was a *closed* sign stuck between his bones.

“Is it weird that I find this bizarrely charming?” Malina asked.

Clint smiled sideways at her. “Of course it is.”

Daphne, who was walking behind them, clutching her backpack straps nervously, stopped dead in her tracks. She pointed left, down a cobblestone path that lead to a slumping carmine house. It looked like something out of a horror movie, the kind of farmhouse a ghost would haunt. And on its door there was a heavy padlock and a sign warning, **EMPLOYEES ONLY - BEWARE OF DOG**.

“That has to be it!” she cried.

And without waiting for them to answer, Daphne bounded down the path toward it.
***
Ahhhh next chapter is the last one set in Level 2! :D Thanks for reading! I don't always have time to reply to all the comments you guys share with me, but I do read them all, and they inevitably make me smile. <3 

 || 
***
The library was dim. Only a few flickering lights here and there persisted, but the building felt so dark that it was almost like night. Clint wondered as he crept down the hall behind Malina if they would ever see a real night again.

They were in one of the narrow corridors leading to rooms of special collections. Malina produced a flashlight from her backpack and shined it into the windows one by one, pressing her face up against the glass to see if anything was inside. Clint watched her, his heart pounding, hoping he was not seconds away from watching her head blow off. Privately blessed the fact that she was so much braver than himself. The ache in his chest was too recent for him to risk getting near another bullet any time soon.

Together, they softened their steps and walked into the main library. The shelves were towering and seemed to stretch back endlessly. They were full of books, the spines dusty and too worn to read.

“Now what?” Malina asked.

Clint shrugged.

“This was *your* idea.”

He paused, then bit his lip. Of course. She wanted to see the *so what* of all of this, why he had dragged them out there at all. “I don’t know what to look for, exactly.”

Malina buried her head in her hands and groaned. “What did Death say?”

“To look for a book, more or less.” Clint took Malina’s light and wandered to the closest shelf. When he shined the light upon the books, he found most of the names had been lost to time. He could pick out a few here and there: *Paradise Lost*, *A New Virgil Reader*. “I think.”

“This is fucking insane. You brought us out here with *no* idea what to look for?”

“I’ll know when I see it.”

Somewhere, deep in the belly of the library, a book clattered to the floor. 

Clint and Malina both snapped their guns toward the sound. He held his breath, held his gun steady, tried to imagine the number of bullets in his magazine. Eighteen, maybe twenty. He couldn’t remember. But he would bank on eighteen; he wasn’t going to let himself get caught out with an empty magazine and a box full of useless ammunition again.

Malina gestured to the other end of the shelves and pointed to herself. Then pointed at Clint and gestured the opposite direction.

He understood well enough: *split up. Start searching*.

Clint peered around the corner of each shelf gun-first. He moved more quickly than Malina and outpaced her sooner than he planned to. Time pressed in on from all sides: he had to find the way out before Florence could catch up with them, before Rachel could somehow slip away. He saw nothing until he reached one of the last shelves.

There, in the middle of the aisle, a single book lay on the floor.

He approached it cautiously. The book drew him forward inexorably, like a magnet. He stooped to pick it up, his eyes never leaving the wall ahead of him. His ears listened hard to the space behind him for any creeping steps, muffled breathing, the click of metal on metal. But he heard nothing. Saw nothing.

Clint picked up the book. He flipped it over. It was water-logged copy of Dante’s *Inferno*. He flipped open the cover to find scrawled in heavy pencil on the inside **EMBRACE HOPE ALL YE WHO ENTER HERE.** It was scratched over a map of Dante’s version of hell. The first level had its name circled again and again: level one. Limbo.

“This is Limbo,” he said to himself. “Holy shit.” Without thinking better of it, he lifted his head and called out, “Malina! Malina, I think I found it!”

“Congratulations,” came a voice from behind him. But it wasn’t Malina at all. It sounded like a child, and when Clint whirled around, the muzzle of his gun was mere inches from a young boy’s nose. The child stared up at him with a mixture of perplexion and mild irritation. His clothes were modern, if stained here and there. He looked like he was barely ten years old, and his dark slender eyes regarded Clint up and down with unspoiled calm. 

“It’s okay,” the boy said. “You don’t have to shoot me.”

Malina stalked down the other end of the shelf with her shotgun aimed at the boy’s head. She raised a questioning eyebrow at Clint.

The boy turned on her and offered a bright smile. One of his canine teeth was missing. He said, “You’re the first players to find me!” He laughed. “Well, that’s not true. But the first lady just tried to shoot me.”

Malina lowered her shotgun. “Are you the way we get to the second level?”

The boy shrugged. “Maybe.” He nodded to the book. “That’s a bit better. I’m more of a guide. That’s a cheat sheet.” He laughed like the high tinkling of a bell. “Well, if you know your Dante, that is.”

“Why the fuck would I know anything about Dante?” she snapped back at him.

Clint put up a calming hand. “Chill out, he’s basically just an NPC.”

“I don’t even know what an NPC is,” Malina muttered back to him.

“No.” The child scowled at them both. “I’m a restless spirit from the great unknown, *thanks*. I’m not a character. I have my own brain.”

The rain hammered against the windows. Beyond it resounded the low bellow of car engines. Far away and growing ever closer.

“She’s coming back,” Malina said, anxiously. “Tell us how to move forward, kid.”

“My name’s not kid.”

“I swear to fucking god—”

“Malina. Just take a breath, okay?” Clint rested a heavy hand on her shoulder and gave her a meaningful look. It silenced her long enough for him to ask the boy, “What would you like us to call you?”

He considered that for a long while. “Virgil seems appropriate for this adventure.”

Clint clutched the ruined copy of The Inferno to his chest. “Virgil,” he said. In the one literature class he’d had to take in college, they had read a few random excerpts from a few cantos. Enough for him to get the allusion at the beginning of the book. Enough for that name to click. “Like the guide from the poem.”

“You know your epic literature!” Virgil said, impressed. As if Clint was the child here. He stepped up onto the air and hovered there like a little ghost. “And like the guide from the poem, I’m only full of vague allusions and long diatribes.”

The engines grew closer.

“She’s coming back,” Malina said, urgently. “If we’re going to leave, we need to go right now.”

Clint’s brows creased with worry. He watched Virgil’s pleasant smile for any hint of what he should say next. “We have to stop and look at this.” He held up the book.

“Yeah, sure, okay. Let’s sit down and read a 1200-page fucking novel before the bad guys come and fill us up with bullets. Excellent idea.” Malina kicked at the bookshelf, sent books scattering across the floor. “You absolute dickhead.”

“I’m not reading the *whole* thing, obviously.”

“Sure, *skim* a 1200-page novel.” Malina looked at him like he was stupid as ditchwater. “Then when they come to kill you, you can write your last words in it.”

Virgil started laughing again, delightedly. His pupils lit with a strange white light, as if he was staring at a computer screen inside his head. He clucked his tongue against his front teeth. “You don’t have much time. They *are* close.”

“You can see them?” Clint gaped.

“I can see all sorts of things.”

“We’re going to run,” Malina told Clint. “*Now*. We’ll find another time and another way and we’ll get back here—”

“There’s no going back here.” Clint scowled at her. “You know there isn’t shit back there. I don’t want to die either. But running because you’re scared is a great way to get shot.”

“I’m not scared of anything.” She punched his bandaged shoulder so hard that Clint swore and nearly heaved the book at her. He clenched his fists, barely kept his cool. “But I’m not going to let you kill my son.”

“This is excellent drama,” the boy informed them, his brown eyes gleaming. “I’m so curious what you’ll choose to do.”

Malina whirled on him, fire in her eyes. “Then help us out, you little asshole. What kind of guide are you?”

“The kind who listens to *nice* words.”

Malina growled into her palms, then stormed off down the hall.

“Malina,” Clint called after her. “Come back.”

“Never split the party!” Virgil hollered.  He settled down five feet in the air like it was an invisible seat and gazed at Clint. His toes swirled the air lazily. “What are you going to do about that?”

“I’m going to read this before she leaves,” he murmured back, thumbing through the pages, hunting for annotations.

The boy seethed through his teeth. “Well, I hope you read fast. They’re just about here.”

Clint glanced up nervously from the book. “Who’s they?” he asked.

“Who else? Florence.” The boy’s pupils lit with that impossible internal glow again. His face cracked in a huge grin. “And she looks *pissed*, dude.”
***
 || 
***
Thank you for all the patrons who have been unimaginably patient the past couple weeks! This chapter took me a couple of weeks to write but I... think I like how it ended up. I hope you all do too <3 Thanks for reading!
***
The van spiraled across the road, tires screaming. Burning rubber stung my nose. The force of it flattened us against the wall as if the air itself was a massive hand slamming into us. I clenched my eyes shut and waited for it all to slow down. Did my best not to imagine my body ragdolling through the air, colliding with the opposite wall—

I could make anything real that easily, couldn’t I? I didn’t want to believe it. Couldn’t believe it. But I didn’t risk following that rabbit trail to the end. 

“Hold on, ladybird!” Then, over his shoulder, the driver bellowed, “Buckle up!”

My brother threw a hand up. I half-expected the air to pillow us, to keep us from heaving forward at the sudden lurch in gravity. But my brother’s power wouldn’t work.

I dug my heels into the floor and threw my arm over Izzy. She held onto the wall behind her with both hands, even though there was little to hold onto. I grabbed the door handle.

May toppled forward, but she caught herself on her elbows, cursing and growling. The dragon’s tail lifted off her arm and helped half-push her off the ground. She staggered upright.

“Fucking Christ,” Noah said. His glare cut into Leo. “Are you seriously not letting me use it?”

“They can see our powers,” Leo insisted. “They’ll find us.”

“They already found us. And they’re probably following *yours*, dickhead.”

“Mine,” Avis corrected him, quietly.

“Drop the shit. Let them help. The bastards are already here.” The driver threw the car into reverse. “What’s next? Talk fast.”

Avis didn’t say a word. She just looked over her shoulder at me. Her eyes were silver discs gleaming a hundred potential futures. I wonder what she saw, when she looked at me. How many versions of me were dead ten seconds from now?

I swallowed down my horror. This wasn’t the place for fear.

“There isn’t time,” she said. “You have to realize it. Now.”

*Now*. The second unspooled itself in my fingers. I tightened my hands into fists. My arm was still flung out, holding Izzy pressed against the wall. Still holding onto the door for dear life. My body tensed, anticipating another impact at any second.

Anything I believed?

What did it mean to believe something? I couldn’t just want it. That wasn’t enough. I had to believe it was a real as Izzy’s terror pulsing under my arm. I had to believe it like I believed in the chugging roar of the van engine. The very floor beneath me. My own heart, beating against my ribs.

I lifted my stare to the wall, and tried to imagine it flattened again. Not just straightened out, but uncrumpled. I told myself that it had never been hit at all. That we never went skidding. That the car that found us, whoever followed us, simply… wasn’t there anymore. It was too far back to catch us. We would surge around the corner, just out of sight, before it could try to run us off the road.

My brows furrowed in concentration. The very air between my eyes and the ruined wall of the van swam and hummed with heat. I held Izzy’s shoulder as tightly as I could, and I told myself time could go backwards, and it *would* go backwards, because we needed it to.

And as I watched, May pushed herself backwards up off the ground, back to her bench in strange slow motion. The crumpled inner wall of the van smoothed itself like a sheet of paper. The glass of the back windows made a sound like ice sighing as they uncracked themselves. All the contents of the van that had gone skidding and flying began sailing neatly back to their places.

Time undid itself for me, moment by moment. The air shimmered and burned as space and time ran in the wrong direction for me, just this once.

And then, I knew it as surely as I knew anything. We were safe. The car was gone. I wasn’t going to let any of these bastards catch up to us.

Something deep in my belly churned and burned. A low boil of potentiality brewed inside of me. My head swarmed and swelled with the unholy buzz of a high unlike anything I’d ever felt before: this was magic. True magic. And it was mine. 

Then, disbelief caught me like a punch to the gut. None of this should be happening. None of it was possible.

That easily, the magic shattered. The miraculous bubble of the moment burst. I sat blinking and reeling as time moved forward once more.

Leo was smirking at me. He sat the way he had minutes earlier, one knee up, his elbow propped lazily upon it. “You don’t think you can figure it out yourself?”

I didn’t answer him. I just flicked my stare to Avis, who was twisted in her seat, watching me. “Pay attention this time,” I told her.

Avis stared at me with her mouth hinged open for a long second before she turned back to her father. “There’s one of them waiting, up ahead.”

He frowned sideways at her. “I can’t see anything.”

“I’m sure Leo’s not the only one who can hide an aura,” Avis muttered. “Go right. Now. Keep going down the alley. Trust me.”

The driver sighed, but he veered the van right. A car horn blared behind us. I wondered how close we’d come to hitting them.

Leo frowned between the pair of us. Suspicion narrowed his eyes. “Why are you talking that way?”

I shrugged. “What way?”

“Like…”

“Like you’ve done all this before.” Izzy looked up at me with stars in her eyes. I wondered if Leo let his powers slip, and she was just looking into my mind. Or maybe she knew me well enough to know the look on my face. A grin tugged at the corner of her mouth. “I think you did figure out how to use your power.”

“Maybe.” I eased my arm off of her, sheepishly. I had not noticed how long I had been holding her, tensed up, waiting for an impact that was never going to come. 

“I’ve been muting everyone but Avis—” Leo started.

Noah rubbed his forehead hard. “What, is this some time travel shit?”

Avis just grinned slyly over her shoulder.

May scowled at him. “What do you mean time travel?”

My brother dipped his head toward me, like that was explanation enough.

“That’s not possible,” I answered, noncommittally. And that was true, in a way. It *was* impossible. I shouldn’t have been able to turn back time. I shouldn’t be able to do any of this.

Avis shook her head at me. Her gaze held mine, somewhere behind the silver plates of her pupils. She said, “No, that’s a dangerous thought. Let it go. For all our sakes.”

For the first time, I saw the future in the fear behind her eyes: I really could do anything. I could even will away my own powers, if I followed the wrong thought too far. 

My eyes felt swollen and heavy, and my whole body pulsed with a dull ache. As if I’d scooped out a part of me, and now I had to wait for it to refill.

But Leo just guffawed and clapped his hands together. He looked between Avis and I. “What the hell happened?”

“I’m not supposed to lose focus this time,” the girl muttered back.

“So keep your brain on the fuckin’ road,” her father said, his voice tight with irritation.

“Mom wouldn’t have let you—”

“She’s not here.”

May watched me like she hadn’t heard the spat in the front seat. She said, her voice light and full of wonder, “You really can do anything, can’t you?”

I gave an uncomfortable shrug. 

Leo grinned between us and slouched against the back of the seat. “God,” he said, “you have no idea how excited Sherman’s gonna be to meet you.” 

Avis muttered hurried directions to the driver. The van wheels rattled as they picked up speed. By the shuddering of the cabin, we had to be surging onto the freeway by now.

The driver called triumphantly over his shoulder, “Should be smooth sailing from here, kids.” He caught my stare in the rearview mirror and winked. “Provided Leo keeps our auras nice and quiet.”

“Nothing could keep you quiet,” Leo shot back.

The driver just cackled.

May frowned around at us. She said, “Are we sure our powers are how they’re following us?”

“I think she’d tell us if it was something different.” Leo jerked a thumb over his shoulder.

“What else could it be?” Noah added.




“The phones.” Izzy pointed at May and Noah. “They’re the only two of us with them. They could be tracking us through that.”

Leo flicked his stare to May. “Well I know what you have.” His turned to Noah. “What about you?”

Noah held it up.

Leo shook his head. “No. That’s one of ours. You’re safe.” He gave Izzy a wink and a smile somewhere between unnerving and reassuring. “We’ve got all kinds of nerds running encryption.”

I looked at my brother. For the first time, suspicion rolled in my belly. “You have one of their phones, but you don’t know them?”

“Dealer phone.” Noah mimed touching a joint to his lips. “You get it.”

That was a vague gut punch. Not that it should have surprised me. “So that’s how you afford the Rabbit.”

“Not sure I’m going to have that after all this,” Noah muttered.

I just held his stare with that look. The look I always gave him when I knew he was lying.

He rubbed his face, hard. “Yes,” he muttered. “Of course it is.”

But for the first time in my life, I didn’t quite believe my brother. 

We surged forward, because there was no other way to go. 
***
 || 
***
The lord of hell sat with his fingertips pressed together, scowling through the television as if he could really see Clint there. And for a moment, Clint believed that he somehow could. Death’s suit was sky blue, his tie a sheeny grey. His cuff links gleamed, little silver-dipped vertebrae. He said, “While I admire your uniquely human dedication to that spirit of kill-or-be-killed, you all have missed the mark utterly. None of you are big readers, it seems.”

Beside him, Malina’s fingers tapped out a restless pattern on her arm. She chewed hard at her lip and watched Death with a look that was fear and resentment both.

“I will tell you this much: if you waste all your time murdering each other, you’ll *never* get to the next level.” He tugged down the sleeves of his suit and offered them a brief, hollow smile. “I have faith, but it is dwindling.” Death pulled his phone out of his pocket, regarded the screen, and muttered under his breath, “God, dammit.” Then he smirked at the screen once more. “Don’t let me down.”

The image froze there, and Death said nothing more.

Malina kicked hard at the television. The glass shattered, splitting Death’s smile underneath. She was cursing and shouting at the screen, “What is that supposed to *mean?*”

Clint stared hard at Death’s cracked smirk. “He means go find a bookshelf.”

“A *bookshelf.*”

“Is there a library or something near here?”

“We’re not going to the fucking library.”

Hope lifted in Clint’s chest. Bright buzz of an epiphany. “We have to go. Now. Before anyone else figures it out.”

“The library is right next to Florence’s base.” She extracted the map from her pocket and tapped a small square only a few inches from the base on the map. It looked as if the library was just at the edge of Florence’s compound. “She took over the school. And the library is barely two blocks away.”

“Two blocks is livable.”

Malina snorted. “Yeah, but we have to walk either right through her base or back through here.” She ran her finger along the southeastern edge of the circle. They would have to pass her house, which meant somehow evading Florence’s hounds, who were blood-hungry now and not about to give up that easily. “I think I’ve seen bookshelves in a few houses.”

“We don’t have time to go looking in every house.” Clint tilted his head; out the window, he could see smoke gathering in the perfect blue sky. The faint whine of car engines reached him, as if from somewhere far away. He tapped the center of the map, which was unmarked. “What about here?”

“That’s the field. If you go out there you’re asking to die, basically.” When Clint just stared at her, blankly, Malina sighed and explained, “It’s a square mile of flat nothing. The grass is tall enough to crawl through, you know, but anyone looking could see it move when you move. There’s a bunker hidden in the grass, I know that. But it’s been empty for ages, and Florence sends people out there every day or so to make sure no one is hiding out down there.”

Clint scratched hard at the back of his head. “And there’s no nighttime?”

“Not here.”

He inclined his elbow on his gun, letting the shoulder strap support him. Then he pointed around the long end of the circle that would bring them up around the western edge of the circle, skirting Florence’s camp, to go straight for the library. “We go this way,” he said.

“Do I need to repeat everything I just said to you?”

Clint held up a finger. “You didn’t let me finish.”

“You don’t have to finish. It’s a stupid plan. If even one person on Florence’s side figures it out, they’ll be swarming that library like a bunch of goddamn hornets. Do you think that we can walk *all the way around* the map before they get two blocks?”

“If we give them a distraction,” Clint clarified, “then we don’t have to worry about that. We’ll get their attention on something else, sneak in, find what we need, and get out.”

“And what is it we need, exactly?”

He opened and shut his mouth. Finally he managed, “Well I don’t know *yet*.”

“So we’re going to risk our lives on a guess.”

“It’s better than jumping from house to house waiting to get shot.”

For a tense, long moment they held each other’s stare. Malina’s green eyes searched his in disbelief. Finally she managed, “I hate this idea.” She turned and stomped down the hall.

Clint paused there, uncertain.

Malina poked her head back into the room. “Are we trying out your death wish or not?”

“What are we doing for a distraction?” he ventured.

“I have a plan.” When Clint walked over to her, Malina punched his shoulder, lightly. Her smile was tense and nervous. “You’re going to show me that pitch you were bragging about.”

He grinned.

***

Together they wound back through the maze of backyards, heading south-east again. The suburb curved gently to follow the shape of the map; Clint had not quite realized it when they were scrambling through grass and fences, just hoping to stay alive.

Now the smoke was a thick column in the sky, and the hum of engines was so loud that even from a quarter of a mile away, Clint could hear the cars and the people hollering at one another, cursing and shooting and laughing.

Clint checked his copy of the Rules. He and Malina were still alive, but the survivor count had dwindled to ninety already. He wondered how many people Florence’s gang caught out looking for them. Guilt and relief that he was not one of the dead warred in his belly.

They were close enough now to make out distinct words on the wind. The men were going down the houses one by one, kicking down doors, shattering windows, routing out every crevice and corner. As Clint stared at the rules, a gun rang out in the clear sky. Someone shrieked, and went silent. The number dropped to eighty-nine.

They were only ten houses down. Adrenaline pounded against Clint’s skull. 

Malina poked her head over the fence and ducked back down again. “There’s two guarding the car. The rest went inside the house. You’re going to have to throw one at the car”—she fished her grenade out of her backpack pocket to show him—“and wait for them to start running out. Then I’ll throw the second from over there.” She pointed across the street. “And your job is to shoot any fucker that’s still standing.”

“How the hell are you going to get over there?”

“I’m smaller and faster than you. I’ll manage.”

Clint wanted to argue with the faster bit, but he shut his mouth. He said only, “I thought we *weren’t* doing the two-against-ten thing.”

“We’re not. It’s really just two-against-eight.” She winked and gave him a friendly nudge with her elbow. “Come on. Let’s make Florence mad as hell.”
***
 || 
***
The wind wrenched Malina out of his arms, almost instantly. She reached for him and shrieked, but the roar of the wind in his ears ripped her voice away from him too. The wind tugged them both upward and down again, tossing them around like they were ships on an invisible sea.

But they kept falling.

Clint felt the world shift in and out of darkness as he picked up speed. He hurtled to the ground so quickly the buildings shot past as a blur. For half a second, he was sure he could see Virgil hovering over him, just inches from his face. That impish little grin twisting to make the words: *“Are you having fun yet?”*

He just held onto the book with both hands and tried to stay conscious.

The fall seemed to stretch for hours, though it had only been a few minutes. Every second dragged past as the wind screamed and sucked him down closer and closer to the earth. He could not see Malina anymore. He could only see the streaks of buildings and the fog growing denser and denser all around him.

But as he fell it was as if the clouds reached out to catch him, and by degrees, he slowed. It felt almost like falling into a deep vat of jello. The air solidified all around him until he came to a sliding stop in the arms of the clouds. 

Clint lay there gasping in disbelief. Then the air let him go, and he landed harmlessly on his feet in the middle of a road. He stood on the striped white line as cars rushed around him, horns blaring, the drivers’ faces twisting in surprise at the sight of him. Everything looked real here: all the cars and buildings and people looked real as anything. But it was as if he had been deposited in the middle of the road in a hyper-modern version of a city. The cars that whisked by him were low, their windshields and sunroofs all one solid piece of glass. The wheels gleamed and spun so fast that they looked like little orbs of light.

When a break in traffic came, he sprinted to one of the sidewalks, barely missing getting clipped by a mail truck which honked at him, viciously.

Clint stood gasping in his blood-stained jeans and shirt. The hole in his shoulder seemed healed over, at least. When he moved his arm he no longer felt fresh blood cracking out of the wound. 

All the people rushing past him wore finely tailored clothes in bold couture cuts: sheeny fabrics and baffling necklines, coats lined with golden fur, men in suits the color of pearls. Clint felt more rundown than he ever had, all sweat-caked and streaked with dirt. As they walked past, the people who noticed him ignored him or regarded him with open disgust and disdain.

But most of the people just stared at their phones as they passed, tapping away at this game or that. It was as if they had gotten all dressed up to wander around, living in screens together.

Clint started walking, asking if anyone had seen “an angry bleeding woman”, while gesturing to his forehead and cheeks where Malina had been hurt. Most of the people gave him looks of mixed confusion and horror, but eventually he found someone who did not look at him like he was mad.

A woman in a fine scarlet dress, its long train carried by little robotic doves whose wings beat with a low *thum thum* like a metal fan, stopped when Clint reached out a hand to get her attention.

“Oh, my,” she said, mildly alarmed. She slipped her phone in her dress pocket. “You look like hell.”

Clint ran a hand through his dark filthy hair, anxiously. “Uh. Thanks.” He asked then if she had seen Malina.

That made the woman start laughing. “You mean the crazy person standing in the fountain?” She pointed across the road, where in a square surrounded by office buildings, Malina stood in the fountain, splashing water over her face. She wore only her camisole, her long-sleeved shirt spread over the edge of the fountain. “Don’t worry. I’ve already called the police.”

“Thanks for that,” he muttered, then he hurried to the nearest crosswalk. The people made a wide berth around him and a few murmured amongst themselves. He caught whispers of a foreign language, and when he looked back a pair of coffee-skinned girls shushed each other quickly.

Clint sprinted across the street. He did not slow until he reached the fountain and then stood there gasping, clutching his knees.

“Are you,” he panted, “okay?”

Malina gave him a grin that was either elated or sarcastic. He couldn’t tell which yet. She told him, “I’m just dandy. Just trying to figure out what the hell kind of game this is.”

Clint paused for a moment. He looked around at the skyscrapers towering up beyond the dense fog. The people walking past in outlandish outfits. “Do you think each level is a different game or something?”

“I’m starting to think it’s something like that.” Malina looked around and reached unconsciously at her shoulder. As if she was used to feeling the reassuring weight of her shotgun. “We need to find weapons and figure out what we’re doing next.”

“Do you think we still need weapons?” Clint tried to hide his grimace. He did not want to admit that it was getting exhausting to kill people. He could already predict the unimpressed look Malina would give him for that.

“Well, if they figure out that talking to a bunch of goddamn snakes gets you into the next level, then, yeah, I think Florence may bring a gun or ten with her.” Malina rolled her eyes. She climbed out of the fountain, her boots squelching against the pavement.

Just then a pair of officers rolled up on segways. They looked absurd perched on those scooters, like flamingos put slightly off-balance. One of them revolved closer to her and demanded, “Citizen, are you aware that you’re in violation of civil penal code 502.15?”

“Are you aware you can suck me?” Malina scoffed at them and began to stomp away, but the officer cut her off. He jerked his scooter to a stop just in front of her. Malina halted, annoyed. “What?” she demanded.

The police officer blinked back at her, and his pupils seemed to flicker. Clint narrowed his eyes at the man, wondering if he was even human at all. 

“The crime demands a five hundred coin civil fine.” The officer extended his hand. “Please pay accordingly, or your payment will be collected via volunteer hours in the View-Room.”

“I have shit to do—” Malina began, but the officer snapped a handcuff on her wrist. She started to fight against him, but when she leaned back on her right ankle she staggered and seethed in pain.

The officer locked her other hand behind her back. He addressed Clint now. “You may collect your friend from the View-Room in approximately four hundred to five hundred hours, when her community service is complete.”

“I hate this fucking game,” Malina murmured to the clouds, her voice breaking.

“It will be fine,” Clint told her with a confidence he didn’t feel. He looked to the other officer, urgently, who was making quick notes on his tablet. Like Death’s phone, the screen was all glass, the back a clear pane. Light emitted from the front, where the officer tapped away with a stylus shaped like a crystal. “What do I have to do to get her out?”

“Pay five hundred coins,” he answered.

“I don’t *have* five hundred coins. What the fuck is kind of denomination is a coin?”

The officer pocketed his tablet and shrugged. He stepped back onto his scooter as the other officer began leading Malina away down the street. As he dragged Malina along, a pill-shaped police van with no driver hummed up the road and pulled into an empty space on the side of the road. Behind the wheel was a cardboard cutout of a policeman waving with a small speech bubble imploring passersby, *Rate my driving! My AI is still learning!*

“There are plenty of game developers looking for people to carry out small jobs.” The officer pulled a brochure out of his pocket and offered it to Clint. “To be honest, you’d be better off keeping what you make for yourself. Build your status up. Start getting better jobs. Before you know it, you’ll be a certified player yourself.” He slapped Clint’s chest reassuringly and told him, “Welcome to Micro City.”

Clint just stood there, watching in disbelief as they shoved Malina into the car.

“I’ll get you out,” he yelled after her, but the officer shut the door before Malina could reply.

The police van zippered into the racing traffic and was gone, taking Malina away with it.

Clint stood there with his note and his book, feeling helpless and stupid. He called out to the open sky, “Virgil! I could really use your help right now!”

But Virgil did not answer.

Alone, Clint ran down the street, determined to find out just what the hell a View-Room was.
***
 || 

See if I was a shitty person, I'd just PRETEND to post two parts in one day.

But I'm a nice person. <3

Here's an extra part because I feel like it. :) It's not the new norm! But I do hope you like it. I just got to the end of Chapter 24, which also happens to be the end of the second level. Thanks for reading!

***

They careened back into traffic, nearly colliding with a sleek-lined sports car which veered away impossibly fast. It appeared the car was driving itself. Its owner, who sat in the backseat, looked up in alarm and anger as his coffee spilled all over his lap.

Clint floored the accelerator. He gripped the steering wheel tightly, his hands sweaty and slick under his gloves.

Boxer crawled through the narrow panel attaching the van to the main cabin of the truck. It looked like it had once been a window, covered up to keep anyone from noticing what sat in the truck’s belly.

“Hey,” he gasped. He pulled off Clint’s hat without another word and slapped on something pin-striped and bright blue. Then he thrust a jacket in Clint’s lap. “You’re the ice cream man now.”

Clint’s stare snapped from the road to Boxer and back again. “Dude, why the fuck didn’t you tell me you had this sooner? I could have put it on before I started driving, you know.”

“I just kind of forgot… Anyway, I thought Helen told you.” 

“Clearly she didn’t.”

Boxer paused. “Oh, by the way, could you hand me my phone?”

With a growl of frustration, Clint leaned over, jerked open the glove box, and threw the phone back at the man. Boxer cursed as it clattered against the ground.

“I said *hand* it to me.” But he disappeared into the back of the truck.

Clint yanked the absurd, short-sleeved little uniform shirt over his Goliath Bank uniform. Of course, it made sense for him to wear it underneath. Helen had probably even intended that. But there was no time to curse his shitty partners or how hard it was to steer an armored van through downtown traffic as quickly as he dared *while* buttoning his shirt *while* watching the rear view mirror for—

Police.

A whole fleet of them. Their sirens cleaving a course through traffic like parting the Red Sea.

Clint whispered curses under his breath and veered off the main road. His cell phone frantically tried to recalculate its navigation. He knew that he was looking for an alleyway between two buildings, a hotel and yet another game emporium. But all these buildings seemed the same as he rushed past.

Boxer poked his head out of the panel once more. “Where are we going?”

“Henderson and Fifty-Seventh. The alleyway behind someplace called Jewel Plaza.”

“Dude, I love that game.” Boxer looked out the windshield lazily. “Oh, turn left.”

“Right now?” 

“*Now*.”

Clint veered the truck across three lanes of traffic. A sedan glanced off the truck harmlessly, like a bumper car, but when he looked back the sedan’s whole front end was crumpled around the wheel. 

“Oh, shit,” Clint groaned, but then Boxer yelled in his ear, “There it is! Turn right *right* now.”

The alley leading to the parking garage was so narrow that Clint felt his chest tighten with claustrophobia. There would be no room to turn around, if the police cornered them here. The alley dead-ended at the back of a building covered with graffiti. They would be boxed in.

But an ancient rusty parking garage door shrieked open just as the truck pulled up. Clint barreled into it. The truck came screaming down the parking lot ramp and skidded to a halt with the burn of rubber hot in his nose. The garage door slammed shut behind them. In the back, the coins tinkled dully as they toppled over. He heard someone grunt and curse, loudly.

Clint sat there, hands shuddering, gripped huge fistfuls of his hair for a moment. And then he turned his head to grin at Boxer.

“We did it,” he breathed.

Boxer didn’t even look up from his phone. His smile was huge and absent. But he agreed, “Yep, we sure did.”

Clint swung open his door. When his feet hit the ground, he realized that adrenaline had rendered his thighs to jelly. He staggered back against the van and straightened up, quickly, trying to collect himself. It was a welcome shock to still be alive. To see that garage door staying locked firmly shut.

The team threw open the back doors and stumbled out. One of the men stuck his head around the corner of the car to snap, “You couldn’t have taken those corners any sharper?”

“Sorry for trying my best to evade authorities,” Clint said back, evenly.

Before the man could reply, a voice ahead of them said, “Well, I am delightfully surprised.”

The whole team snapped their heads up as one. Helen stood there in another absurd costume, this time wearing pants whose sequins seemed like scales, like she was playing at a mermaid or a siren. But her heels looked so sharp she could cut a man’s jugular with a single kick.

“You made that a much smoother getaway than I’d anticipated.” She seemed to be talking only to Clint now.

He rubbed hard at his reddening ears. Felt strangely embarrassed that she was looking at him that way. “Well, Boxer was the navigator. I just drove.”

“You all pulled off your respective roles exquisitely.” Helen spread her hands and smiled, hungrily. “Now let’s see what you got away with.”

***

Helen was more than pleased with their performance. In addition to the guns, she gave Clint a backpack full of gold so heavy that he nearly staggered when he put it on.

Then she put both hands on his cheeks and sought his eyes. “Listen,” she said, “you *have* to let me convince you to join my team.”

That made Clint start laughing. He pulled away. “Sorry, *what?*”

“Come work for me. You seem smart, and grounded, and you’re a damn good driver.”

“I mean… I hit a guy, you know.”

“You didn’t get caught. I have at least thirty minutes to clear this thing out and burn that shit up.” She nodded over her shoulder at the men on the other side of the parking garage, who were already bailing out the truck and tossing all the bags and signs and the little ice cream topper out of the truck, then running all its contents up the concrete utility stairs. “You did very well, is my point. And I’d like to retain your services.”

Her eyes flicked him up and down as she smiled. She did not look like someone accustomed to rejection.

Clint leaned away from her and sighed apologetically through his teeth. “Sorry,” he said. “I’m not keen to stay on this level.”

Helen’s laugh was high and bitter. “Oh, I nearly forgot you’re one of the few souls who get a choice.” She shook Clint’s hand warmly. “Don’t forget about us, when you’ve won.”

“That’s a big if.”

Helen shook her head at him. “No, I don’t believe it is.”

He nearly walked away and left it at that. But then Clint paused and turned around. “You should consider that Boxer kid. He’s smart. Might even be helpful, if you can help him break that phone addiction.” 

The crime lord grinned at him. “I’ll take that into consideration.” Then she tossed him another box of bullets from her pale coat. “Go and get your friend, honey.”

***

Hours later, Clint stared up at the footage of the obliterated back of the bank. It had not taken long for authorities to identify the ice cream truck, but by the time they caught it in the footage and tracked it camera by camera to that particular parking garage, Helen had already had the truck emptied and burned. All the police found when they arrived was a charred metal husk.

It was strange, watching himself speed away over and over again in the waiting room television. And all the officers staring down at their screens with no idea he was the one they were looking for all along. 

His canvas bag of coins was astonishingly heavy; no wonder so many people used phones and digital wallets. The walk to the View-Room was hell on his half-healed shoulder. 

But the prison, which sat in the belly of downtown Micro City, was not what he expected. The building itself seemed like a glass sphere rising out of the concrete. It shone back a revolving image of the earth, more gleaming and vibrant than it ever looked in reality. Unnaturally so. When Clint walked inside, he found a lobby whose ceiling was a dome full of moving pictures: dozens of screens and adverts and boards that flickered so quickly Clint could barely track them. 

But the lobby itself was minimal, and sparse. Only a fragment of the building was open to visitors, and the rest remained locked behind a pair of massive white double doors, which let out a long pleasant ding before the pneumatic lock hissed to release. Clint could only assume that Malina was beyond there, somewhere. In the cells.

When he clunked the bag onto the counter, the clerk had looked at him as if he were insane. But Clint began counting out stacks of ten and columning them up on her desk until she sighed and got the ancient coin counter from the back. She stooped under her desk to plug it in and dumped his bag inside until the counter snapped shut and refused to accept any more.

“How does this building fit so many people?” Clint tried to say over the sound of the coins, but the receptionist just shook her head at him, tiredly. So he gave up and went to his seat.

Clint had no idea how much money that left him. The backpack felt significantly lighter, but it still had a good bulk to it. Enough to get back what they had lost, maybe. At least enough to get Malina another shotgun.

A low pitch resounded down the hall. Clint turned his head, anxiously.

Malina stepped out, looking so wonderfully like herself. She had gotten a shower somewhere that wasn’t a fountain, presumably. Her clothes were still blood-spattered, the knees of her pants discolored from the mud they had knelt in.

Part of him wanted her to hug him, to be just as relieved to see him as he was to see her. But Malina just punched his good shoulder, lightly, and asked with dewy eyes, “Just what the hell took you so long?”

***

 || 
***
Clint’s hands shuddered as he turned pages wildly, looking for something, anything, that could be a usable clue. He could feel the boy hovering over his shoulder like a little sprite, clicking his tongue and urging him every once in a while, “Hurry, hurry.”

“I *am*,” Clint snapped at him. He rubbed at his forehead, hard, trying to clear away the fog of frustration. “Sorry. You’re just not helping, doing that kinda shit.”

“Do you *want* my help?”

Clint looked over his shoulder at the boy, who was sprawled out on his back in the open air, watching Clint with upside-down curiosity. Virgil looked like he was suspended by nothing at all; even his sweatshirt hung loose from his narrow back. “Well, I wouldn’t turn it down,” he said.

“Try the fifth canto.” He grinned. “But that’s all you’re getting out of me this level.”

He flipped through pages until he reached the right page. It had only the barest annotation, something he never would have seen on his own. Just a small pale bracket around the first stanza:

>*Thus I descended from the first circle*   
>*Down into the second. . .*      
>*There stands Minos, snarling, terrible*   
>*He examines each offender at the entrance*   
>*judges and dispatches as he encoils himself.*   

“Minos,” Clint repeated. “We have to find Minos.” He rattled his brain, trying to figure out who or what Minos was. The description was vague and unhelpful. The rest of the page only said that Minos wrapped his tail around sinners to dictate which level of hell they were destined for. “Minos is a snake?”

“Eh, not… exactly. Let’s call it close enough. You *are* a good reader,” Virgil praised him, warmly. “Death will be pleased.”

Clint swung his backpack off, ignoring the singing pain in his shoulder. He crammed the book into his backpack, then bolted down the hall. His gun banged against his hip, and he fumbled blindly to feel that the safety was still firmly flipped up. Now would be the worst time to quite literally shoot himself in the foot.

When he reached the end of the great hall of books, he froze. There, down the long corridor they had entered, he heard the low growl of a stranger’s voice.

A woman, speaking. She said, “Tell me what the hell you found in there.”

And Malina spat back, “You can just go ahead and shoot me, because I’m not telling you shit.”

Clint ducked down behind the nearest shelf. Virgil was already crouched there waiting for him, as if he had materialized the second Clint made up his mind to huddle down low. 

“I knew they’d get her,” he admitted to Clint.

“*What?*” he hissed back. “And you didn’t stop her?”

“Why would I?” Virgil blinked back at him with perfect confusion. “That would spoil all the fun.”

“What *fun?*”

“Watching you figure it out.” The boy’s grin was fierce and flickering as fire. “I never know exactly what’s going to happen until you make that last choice. And that’s the fun part.”

A thousand questions leapt to Clint’s mind, but he had no time for any of them. He heard the crack of something heavy striking against skin and bone. Malina grunted and swore, but said nothing else.

The other woman, who could only be Florence, said, “This is your last chance to tell me.”

Clint gripped his gun close to his chest and deposited his backpack on the floor beside Virgil. “Could you watch this for me?” he whispered.

“I won’t stop anyone from taking it, if that’s what you mean.”

He paused. Tried again, “Could you *please* watch this for me?”

The boy grinned and chirped, “Well when you put it that way, sure.”

Perhaps if Malina weren’t staring down who knew how many guns, Clint would have found him endearing. He pushed himself to his feet and padded down the hallway on the balls of his feet, trying to lighten his weight. The sky overhead thundered and roared, and the constant patter of the rain was just loud enough that Clint prayed no one could hear the occasional dull creak of the floorboards beneath him.

He eased closer and closer to the mouth of the hallway. He poked his head around the corner to see Malina on her knees with her hands pressed to the back of her head. Before her stood a woman in a black leather jacket and a pair of tall boots. Her dense afro was dampened from the rain, but her eyes were taloned and gleaming in the darkness. She held an antique, gold-plated revolver to Malina’s forehead.

“I’ll give you one more chance,” she said.

It could only be Florence.

Clint raised his rifle and aimed down the sight at her.

The cold muzzle of a pistol bit into his neck. Behind him, a man called loudly, “I knew there was another one of you.” The distinct click of the gun cocking. “Hand me your rifle. Now.”

Clint eased the rifle off his shoulder and passed it blindly backwards. The man yanked it out of his hands. He butted Clint’s neck with the gun. “Get up and put your hands on your head.”

He did as he was told. When he rounded the corner, Malina glared at him as if to say: *if we ever get out of here, I am going to fucking kill you*.

Florence’s gun did not waver as she turned a gleaming smile on Clint. That smile was all honey and acid. 

“There’s your friend,” she cooed to Malina. “If you tell me the truth, I’ll let him live after all.”

“I don’t give a flying fuck about him,” Malina snarled.

Clint tried to hide the sting of that. The man holding the gun to his head pushed him down to his knees beside Malina. She glared at him out of the corner of her eye.

Now Florence stalked in front of him. When she stood directly in front of him, he could see the mud and gore caked to the soles of her boots. She held her gun against her wide hip and asked him, “And what’s your name?”

“Clint,” he admitted.

Florence squatted down to his level. She offered him another poison-sweet smile. “Clint, what did Death take from you to bring you here?”

His mouth hung open uselessly for a moment. “What?” he managed.

“Don’t try to be coy. He’s got a little something hanging over all our heads. He understands a vital truth: this game doesn’t work unless the players have something to fight for. If you help me, I can give you all of that back. Your life, your loved ones, your soul… everything.” Florence gestured to Malina with her pistol. “She wouldn’t do the same for you, but I am generous; you could even talk me into saving your friend. Just tell me what you found in the library.”

Clint swallowed the dry lump in his throat. Thought of Rachel. What she would say, if she was here. *Don’t tell that psycho bitch anything*, probably. He licked his lips and said, “I’m sorry. There’s nothing in there.”

“Then you’ve both risked your lives for absolutely nothing?” She sighed and stood up. Her holster was rubbed smooth on the side, and Clint saw it was because her finger traced a constant restless circle over the same spot. “That’s a real shame. I thought we could work together.”

“What about your track record would make anyone want to trust you?” Malina said.

Florence’s eyes gleamed. “Nothing. But your other choice is death.”

“Bring it on, you fucking bastard,” Malina seethed back.

That made the gang boss nod along with a crisp, unsurprised smile. “Darling,” she said to the man beside her, the one who had found Clint. He tensed like a soldier when she spoke to him. “Take them out to the field and shoot them.”
***
 || 
***
This time, Malina just shot the door open. Her shotgun resounded throughout the whole desert, and Clint winced, seething hard through his teeth. Now it was unshakable: anyone near by would know where they were. If Florence had somehow followed them or figured it out herself…

But there was no time for ifs. Malina was already nosing the ruined door open with her shotgun. She cracked it open and tossed the spent shell on the ground, put a new one inside. Her shotgun clicked back together with a heavy, satisfying snap of metal on metal.

This part of the theme park seemed to have been preserved. Dust and sand still scattered the floor, carried in under the door by the wind. The door immediately let into what looked like a small break room: empty cabinets, a fridge, a rickety card table. On the wall hung costumes and mascot heads for demons with wide, garish smiles and fangs for teeth. Even a couple of furred troll costumes hung on hooks, coated with a layer of tawny dust and earth.

Beyond the room, the hall kept going, sloping down into darkness. Daphne dug into her sweater pocket and produced a tiny flashlight. 

“Where did you get that?” Malina asked.

“I saved it. From the first level.”

Malina’s look darkened, probably thinking of her inventory, split up among Florence’s henchmen. Clint wondered how many of them crossed into the second circle already. Florence hadn’t brought only four people with her, surely. 

But before he could spend any more energy on that wonder, Malina threw her arm around his back and muttered, “My ankle is fucking killing me.”

Clint smiled at her. “Do you need me to carry you *again?*”

“No. Don’t be a dickhead.” But her irritation had faded into mild embarrassment that she had to ask for help at all.

Clint helped her limp down the tunnel.

The hall seemed to exist to let park workers move throughout the different sections of the park without being seen. Clint didn’t know if it was a bizarre attempt at realism or something more sinister. But either way, he kept following Daphne down into the curving darkness. The air seemed distinctly colder here, and Daphne’s tiny light was like a star in an empty universe. 

There was nothing else to do but keep moving forward.

After nearly ten minutes of walking, the concrete floors gave way to earth, rocky and damp-smelling. The walls had thick layers of sediment built up, like the layers of calcite in the cave that Rachel had taken him to in California. He wanted to admire the calcium that gathered on every surface like pearls, but he caught himself just watching Rachel. She was enamored, staring up at the ceiling with perfect awe. The memory of it tugged a  smile out of him, like it always did.

The rocky ceiling opened up wide overhead, becoming more cave than tunnel.

And somewhere ahead of them, something shifted in the darkness. It let out a long low growl, followed by a second, and a third. The rumbling came from deep inside the darkness, as if the earth itself was telling them to turn back now, while they still could.

“Cerberus,” Daphne breathed. She whirled around to face Malina and Clint and whispered low, urgently, “You have to pick up handfuls of dirt. Big ones. And when you see him, try to throw it in his mouth.”

“*What?*” Malina said.

“That’s how Virgil gets Dante past in the book.” She turned to wrestle it out of her bag, but Clint put a hand on her shoulder.

“It’s okay,” he said. “We believe you.”

“I don’t quite,” Malina muttered. “It sounds like we’re going to throw dirt at a giant hell-dog and fuckin’ die because of it.”

The growling inside did not stop. It had a snapping edge to it now, as if the beast within could not suffer the fact that the intruders in its lair *dared* to ignore it.

Malina sighed and stooped on one leg to fill her hands with earth and stone. Clint and Daphne did the same.

With dirt trailing from their fists, they entered the darkness ahead, speared only by Daphne’s flashlight. The cave was so massive that Daphne’s little light could not reach the ceiling or walls. But the floor beneath their feet was carpeted in old bones. They crunched and snapped beneath them, echoing loudly throughout the cave.

Clint saw it in the scattering trail of Daphne’s flashlight. Six gleaming balls of light in the darkness that shone back green. When Daphne’s flashlight steadied, he could see them fully: three glinting pairs of eyes, drool-shiny teeth the size of Daphne’s slender forearm, talon-like claws, all of it surging toward them in the darkness. The cave shook and thundered under the report of the great beast’s paws.

He only had a few seconds to stare. The creature had black patchy fur, pointed in scarlet on its snout and paws, which were so huge that Clint felt he could barely come up to the creature’s dewclaws, huge and curved as sickles. Its many eyes burned amber and orange, as if hellfire lapped at the edges of its irises. It fell upon them like night.

Daphne did not waver. She did not fall back behind Clint, like he half-expected her to. As that beast charged her down, opening one of its three sharp maws to snatch the light and all of her with it, Daphne hurled the dirt into its open mouth. 

Clint launched his clod forward, too. He and Malina went for the same head, and for a moment, two were chewing, perplexed, as if there was glue jamming their gums together. The third head snapped and howled in rage and seemed to turn on Daphne, as if it understood she had started it all. 

Clint stooped down and scraped up another handful of graveyard dirt. He pushed Daphne behind him, nearly knocking her down to the ground, and threw the earth into the demon’s open mouth. Its hot breath surged down his forearm, making every hair on his body stand up in total panic. But the third head dropped, and the dog settled back on its hindquarters, all three tongues licking at the roofs of their respective mouths, as if coated in peanut butter. 

Cerberus looked both bewildered and satisfied.

Malina stood gasping, clutching her knees. “No way,” she gasped. And then she started laughing in delight and disbelief. Fell heavily against Clint’s side.

“Thank you,” Clint told Daphne, honestly. “I don’t know if we would have found this without you.”

That made the girl go crimson. She smiled in shy pride. “We have to go,” she said. “Before he eats it. He’ll be hungry. At least”—she laughed—“he was in the book.”

Malina and Clint shared a single glance, a half-second of unspoken communication. He turned so that she could scramble up onto his back. Clint hooked his arms around her thighs and leaned his head back a moment to look at her out of the corner of his eye.

“You good?” he murmured. When Malina nodded, he stood up, clutching her tightly.

Together, they picked past Cerberus and his baffled snuffling and snorting. The hell-hound wiping its paws uselessly against its many snouts, trying to empty its mouths. It did not even seem to notice them tiptoe past.

The cave offered only one exit: another narrow tunnel, this one too small for Cerberus to possibly follow them into. Clint shifted his shoulders and lifted Malina up a little higher without warning. She shrieked, banged his ribcage hard with the butt of her shotgun as it slipped off her shoulder. 

That made Clint laugh at her. “Did I seriously scare you? You were slipping!”

“Well fucking say something to me next time.” She flicked his temple, but he could see the heat of her embarrassment pooling in her cheeks.

Daphne didn’t look as if she was listening to either one of them. Her stare was stitched to the end of her flashlight, and she kept walking forward faster than Clint expected. He had to take wide steps that made his already aching thighs burn just to catch up.

“You haven’t gotten lighter, even though you haven’t eaten anything,” Clint muttered to Malina. “I know *you* haven’t noticed that, but I sure fucking have.”

She laughed into the back of his head. “Blame the shotgun, buddy.”

Clint nearly retorted *Shotguns aren’t that heavy*, but he didn’t want to give Malina another reason to hit him.

The tunnel became so narrow that they had to hunch down lower and lower as they went. The ceiling sloped so low that Malina had to drop off of Clint’s back and crouch down on her swollen ankle just to make it through. Every step made her wheeze in pain, but she leaned hard into the wall and kept going.

Daphne paused as the roof pressed down so low that she had to drop down on her hands and knees to go any farther. She stopped there and turned to face them. Her breath came in ragged breaths, and when she met Clint’s eyes he could see the panic shining within them.

“Maybe I’m wrong,” she said. “Maybe it just dead ends.”

“We saw Cerberus. You can’t be wrong.”

“Maybe there’s another tunnel we missed. Maybe we guessed wrong.” The girl gripped her hair in two tight fists and tugged on it, gently. “Maybe—”

“Hey. Look at me.” Clint rested both hands on her shoulders and said nothing until she met his eyes again. “It’s a hard game. Of course it’s going to be scary.” His shoulders and spine throbbed from leaning down like this for so long. “But you’re a brave person. Right? And worst case scenario, we go back where we came from and throw some more dirt at a fuckin’ dog again, okay?”  He gave her thin shoulders a reassuring squeeze. God, she looked so young. Barely in high school. He dreaded imagining how she ended up in this place, who she was in this game for in the first place. 

Malina spoke up from her place slouching against the wall, “We’ll go until we absolutely can’t go any further. And if there’s nothing there, no one will blame you.” Her grin was tired but gentle, a look that Clint had never seen from her before. She looked motherly and kind. “Neither of us would have made it this far without you.”

Daphne nodded along and wiped hard at her welling eyes. She turned away from them as if to hide it. “Okay,” she said. “I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be.” Clint wanted to say more, but he couldn’t find the right words.

So the girl lowered herself onto her hands and knees and began crawling through the tunnel. It became so narrow that Clint could barely move forward, his shoulders scraping hard against the rocky walls of the tunnel. But after minutes of crawling that stretched and distended like hours, the tunnel began to climb upwards, opening up its narrow shaft bit by bit until at last Daphne was able to push herself up to her feet. She was still stooping against the ceiling, but when she stood up she shrieked in delight.

“There’s light! That’s the third level! It has to be it.”

Daphne scrambled up the rocky tunnel ahead of them, toward the light.
***
 || 
***
Thanks for being patient with this! I'm still not totally happy with it, but it needed time to incubate. A lot of big important pieces are moving into place and I'm trying to hm... not fuck it up ;) Thank you so much for reading <3 
***
We lost the day to the road, driving and fleeing and trying to stay on the right side of the future. The hours ticked past until I lost track of them altogether. I could only keep time by the angle of the light coming through the tinted back windows of the van, but even that wasn’t much. I had little sense of anything but my own exhaustion. 

We sped along as day became evening, listening to nothing but the radio and the occasional banter Noah tried to stir up. At first I thought Nelson was listening to some obscure news station, waiting for our names to pop up. But then I listened closer to the thin dribble of words coming from the front seat: code abbreviations, muttered jargon, occasional calls for an officer to copy. A police scanner. 

Sometimes, when a particularly sharp command came barking over the line, we all went silent, backs stiff, listening to see if the officer was about to start talking about us.

By the end of the drive, May had stretched out on her back, mostly asleep on the tool chest. Leo’s carving had become the snarling head of a lion, with a fierce and curling mane. He had barely shifted from his spot cross-legged on the floor. In the front seat, Avis sat with her bare brown toes on the dashboard, her eyes tracing the traffic as it passed.

The rest of us napped too, leaned into each other like half-fallen dominoes to sleep: me on Noah, Izzy on me. It made me feel small again, like when we were children and Izzy would climb the fence between our backyards to come play. 

But the jolt of the van finally coming to a stop jerked me awake. I blinked down and around.

Everything smelled like coconut. The familiar weight of Izzy’s head rested on my shoulder. I inclined my neck just far enough forward to see her eyes still shut. Warmth bloomed in my belly. In all the awful and impossible things I had seen today, this felt so normal. So very real. I found the urge to reach up and smooth down the curls that sprang up along her ear. Instead I sat still, tried to keep my breathing even. 

The moment felt like it would slip from my fingers and shatter at any second. I wanted to hold onto it as long as I could.

I panned my stare up to see Leo dusting the wood shavings from his black T-shirt. He caught me watching him blearily. 

“You look tired,” he said.

I scoffed. “No shit.”

“Don’t worry. Your part in this is almost over.” Leo offered a smile that he must have thought was reassuring. He stood up, ducking to avoid the low ceiling of the van. “Come on. We’ve made it.”

Unease turned in my belly. Just what the hell could he mean by that?

My distrust must have been all over my face, because Noah patted my back and smiled. “Relax, little brother. We’re safe.” 

I nodded numbly. I didn’t have energy to dig through the thick swamp of my mind for words.

That shattered the moment. Izzy’s dark eyelashes fluttered. 

Izzy pushed herself off of me. She smeared the sleep from her eyes and glanced around. She had a vague, doelike stare, like she was still trying to accept she was no longer dreaming. I did my best to ignore how adorable it was, out of habit. 

“Where are we?” she mumbled.

I half-hoped she’d wake up seeing into my mind. That she’d read my uncertainty like a note passed between just us. But Leo was still muting her powers. And I was struggling to come up with a good reason *why*.

Leo heaved open the van doors for us. “See for yourself.” He jammed his hands back in his pockets and took an easy loping step out of the van. Then he stood there for a moment with his back to us, admiring the shifting sky. 

Through the open door I could see a gravel road, the clouds of dust dissipating in our trail. Thick-armed trees lined the road, and beyond them stretched a dense, overgrown pasture of tansy and sage grass. The air tasted warm and wet and carried the distinct ashy-sweetness of someone nearby, barbecuing.

My stomach reminded me then just how long we’d been in that van.

Noah must have shared the same feeling. He leapt to his feet with a groan and declared, “Jesus, I can’t feel my ass anymore.”

“I feel like you look for too many reasons to talk about your ass,” May grumbled back. She pushed herself upright groggily on the tool bench. The dragon on her arm stretched and yawned with her, fanning its shimmering wings. 

“This is my first time all day!” Noah paused, considering that. “Probably.”

“In general,” May said, barely hiding her grin. “I’m making a statement about your character.”

“Oh. That’s fair, then.”

Nelson scowled between the both of them as he heaved open the driver’s side door. His dark eyes narrowed as if he was considering scolding them. But Avis only giggled and said, “Boys are *gross.*”

“Agreed, dude. Honestly.” May elbowed Noah and stuck out her tongue as she pushed past him out of the van.

My brother rolled his eyes. “You can try to be coy. I know how you really feel about it.” His stare followed the lower curve of May’s spine and lower still when she flounced past him. He turned and helped pull me up to my feet. “Come on, little brother. Smells like somebody’s cooking something. You’ll feel better with some food in you.” Noah offered a hand to Izzy next.

“Maybe.” I did my best to hide the way I wavered, uncertainly. My head swirled with hunger and a bone-tiredness I had never felt before. Every muscle within me ached like a bruise.

Izzy didn’t say anything else, but she hovered close to me. Tension drew her shoulders into a stiff, static line. I could trace her anxiety in the very furrow of her brow. I wanted to tell her not to worry. That everything was going to be just fine. But I still wasn’t sure if I believed that.

No. That was a dangerous thought now. I didn’t want to find out if I could unmake something even now, even this spent.

I emerged wincing from the van, leaning more on Noah than I’d like to admit. 

The sun hunkered low on the horizon, dusting us all in golden light. The sky faded from purple to pink in its trail. A chorus of crickets and cicadas already filled the air. For a long moment I gaped around, trying to make sense of where we were.

The van sat in a gravel driveway that ended in a sloping little farmhouse. It looked like it had been there for at least a century, and once the forest had been cleared to make room for crops and livestock. But now the forest was encroaching on the house once again. Brush and saplings sprouted up throughout the dense wet grass that surrounded the property.

We were miles from anywhere. Anything. 

Nelson gestured toward the slumping house. “Welcome to the bunker.” He tilted his chin toward Avis. “Why don’t you get let them know we’ve arrived.”

“They almost definitely heard us. I can check.” She pressed her fingertips to her temples. Silver briefly eclipsed her pupils.

“You can walk over there because I’m your father and I told you to.”

“But I can just *look*—”

“Avis.”

Avis blinked the future out of her eyes. She scowled at the thin shard of his tone. “God, you’re so unreasonable sometimes.” With that, she went pouting off toward the house.

Leo chuckled. He pulled a pack of cigarettes from his coat pocket and a black lighter. “She’s got a point.”

“She’s definitely the reasonable one.” Nelson’s grin was crooked and contagious. He looked so… ordinary standing there beside the van. All the grey at his temples and his dad sneakers made it hard to decide how much I should let myself relax. But his dark eyes tracked me. Watched me watching him. 

I flicked my stare away. 

Noah jerked a thumb toward the house. “Is this where you invite out a bunch of hillbillies to murder us?”

Leo laughed. “No.” He put a cigarette between his lips and did not speak again until the end burned a bright red.

I stood up a little straighter and frowned at the house. When Avis slung open the door to the farmhouse, I could make out the thin, faraway answer of someone from inside. “Who else is in there?”

Nelson and Leo exchanged a heavy glance.

“Sherman,” Leo said at last.

Noah whistled low. “Big boss.”

Leo sucked hard on his cigarette and nodded. “The rest of us are staying in the main house. He’s”—he pointed the burning orange eye at me—“going down to meet the boss. Alone.”

Izzy watched the smoke trail from his cigarette. “It’s probably safe to let us use our powers again,” she said, “wouldn’t you think?” She kept her tone carefully innocent. 

Now Leo narrowed his eyes at her. He was narrow, but he seemed to draw up every inch of his frame to scowl down at Izzy. “You think I’m stupid enough to let a telepath listen in on this shit? God.” He laughed. “You really have no idea who we are, do you?”

I passed May and my brother a cutting look. “Probably because no one’s told us *shit* since we got here.”

Noah put his hands up. “I just sell weed for the dude.”

May grinned. “I buy it.” 

“Maybe you can enlighten all of us.” Izzy held Leo’s stare as she smoothed the dirty, wrinkled front of her button-up. It had been a crisp and perfect white this morning. “Because I’m starting to feel like leaving isn’t a choice.”

“Smart girl,” Leo congratulated her. “But don’t you worry. You’ll know all about our organization soon.” 

Nelson offered, from where he still stood inclined against the van door, “At least there’s some barbecue out back in the meanwhile.”

I snapped my head toward Nelson, hoping to see him crack a smile. Reveal this was all a stupid joke. But the man folded his arms over his chest and watched me like he was daring me to try something.

Even Noah couldn’t find a joke to break the tension that crackled in the air between all of us. He managed a lame and nervous, “Not like there’s anywhere to go if we wanted to, really.”

The screen door to the farmhouse slammed open. Avis stood there, elbows inclined on the screen door. She called to me, “Boss is ready for you, Eli.”

My unease thickened into dread.

Leo flicked a tail of ash from his cigarette. He grinned. “You’ll get your answers in there.”

Izzy reached for my fingers and squeezed them, once. Like a warning or a tiny prayer for good luck. I couldn’t tell.

But Leo knew how to sway me.

I did want answers. More than anything. And there was only one way to find out of these people had just trapped me or saved me.

I let go of Izzy’s hand and ventured into the farmhouse, alone. 
***
 || 

***

Five hours later, Clint got the call he had been waiting for all afternoon. He paced endlessly in front of the water fountain across the street from the cafe until at last his phone began to buzz madly in his pocket. His directions waited for him, texted by a restricted number.

There was a van two blocks away with the keys hidden in a magnetic lock inside the wheel well. On the front seat Clint would find everything he needed: a Goliath Bank security uniform, a locked bag for collecting coins, all of it inside a huge armored truck labeled with Goliath Bank’s logo. 

And inside the truck sat a man dressed head to toe in black. When Clint eased open the driver’s door of the truck, the man inside grabbed the balaclava draped across his knee. Slapped it across his own thigh in delight. 

“Well, hot damn,” he said. “I didn’t think this was going down after all.” He extended a hand to Clint. “Call me Boxer.”

“Okay,” Clint muttered. He didn’t know how policing worked in this world, but if it was anything like his own, the more knowledge he gained or shared was dangerous. Incriminating. “How long have you known Helen?”

“I don’t, really. Need cash.”

“Why?”

He leaned over excitedly and flicked open an app for Clint to see. The screen somehow had depth to it, when it opened up programs. As if there was a palpable little world inside there with dimension and realness that you could practically reach out and touch. 

The screen was full of little cats and furniture. They seemed to look up at Clint and Boxer with real and honest joy when the app bloomed to life.

“That’s a little fuckin’ weird, dude.” Clint struggled to ease the jacket over his aching shoulder. “But at least you found your thing.”

Boxer shrugged. “I’m just a completionist. If I start a game, I have to collect *every little thing*, you know?”

Clint nodded, trying to keep the confusion off of his face. He did not really understand it. 

“Well,” Boxer continued, “the *real* problem is I borrowed some cash from some bad dudes because I only had like thirty minutes to get this prize box, right, but it had the Princess Ayane cat, so I couldn’t just *not* get it, you know? It’s the first time they’ve released it in *three years*. I mean, on the whole”—Boxer rounded his thumb and index finger in an *okay* gesture—“totally worth it. But I have to do this gig and pay them by today or I’m pretty sure they’ll fuck up my shit.”

“…right.” A dozen different emotions warred in Clint’s mind, but the greatest of them all was pity. “You’re not in danger, are you?”

“Not yet.” And Boxer laughed, but he couldn’t hide the knife-edge of anxiety in his voice.

Clint almost told him *You know a stupid digital cat isn’t worth risking your life, right?* but he sensed from the way that Boxer kept pulling his screen down over and over to refresh it, brow drawn tight with worry, that Boxer knew none of it was worth it. But he couldn’t bring himself to stop.

“Did Helen tell you the plan?” Clint asked, nervously.

“Sure. The first half of the team goes and blows a massive hole in the wall of the bank, and we drive right up, load up the truck, and take off.”

When Boxer put it that way, Clint’s pulse thrummed hard inside his skull. He leaned his head against the steering wheel and took in a deep sigh. “How are we supposed to hide the truck?”

“Helen didn’t tell you?”

“She did. But if something happens to me, someone else should know the plan thoroughly.”

Boxer sighed, did not pull his eyes away from his phone.

Clint reached over and pulled it out of his hands. Slapped it on the dashboard.

“*Hey*,” Boxer started.

“Fucking listen. I won’t die because of you. I have too many people waiting for me to help them. Got it?”

Boxer just blinked back. “Jesus, dude, why’d you get so serious all of a sudden?”

“Because we’re about to rob a multinational bank in a massive downtown area, and I’d like to know that the guy helping me isn’t going to be glued to his phone the whole time. *Okay?*”

The man nodded back. His stare stayed pinned to his phone, the glass pane back perfectly smooth and transparent. It looked like a little frame of ice perched on the dashboard. But his eyes traced the glow lapping out from under the edges, hungrily.

Clint reached for the phone and turned it off. Slammed it into the glove box. He snapped at his companion, “You can take it out after we’re *done* robbing the bank. Got it?”

“Okay, but I have loot boxes that are gonna be ready in like fifteen—”

“I’ll be super honest, Boxer. I don’t really give a shit about your games, okay? I’d rather focus on this job and get it done and then you can do whatever you want to do.”

Boxer wilted in his chair, injured, but he didn’t say another word. He just stared at the glove box with a burning intensity. Every so often his hands would pat his pockets, absently, as if searching out the phone they were used to holding.

Clint told him through his teeth where the van was meant to go after it left the bank. He repeated it over and over until Boxer could repeat it back. The other man seemed even more distracted than before, but Clint felt better knowing that he could at least secure his focus for a few seconds. It was like trying to talk to someone yearning for a fix. Like Boxer wasn’t even there.

But there was no time to call Helen and demand someone else dumb enough to agree to throw on a ski mask and pin down bank tellers with rifles. Boxer was all Clint had, for better or worse.

“We can do this,” Clint told him after a few minutes of silence. 

“Oh, hell yeah.” Boxer’s leg tapped anxiously. His eyes watched the handle of the glove box like he was willing it to open itself up. “Easy peasy.”

Clint extended his hand and offered Boxer a fist bump, which the man reciprocated. 

They drove deep into the glut of downtown traffic.

***

Clint’s timing couldn’t have been better or luckier. He pulled the van into the narrow alley behind the building just as the wall in front of him exploded outward. He slammed on his brakes and watched the pulverized cinder blocks cloud the air. 

From the open maw of the wall, toothed with broken pipes and wires, three people dressed identically to Boxer—all black clothes, black boots, black balaclava—came sprinting out carrying duffel bags of coins that clinked together as they ran. 

Boxer leapt out of his seat, still unconsciously patting his pockets to see if his phone was with him or not. He ran around the back to throw open the doors.

And Clint just stayed hunched behind the driver’s seat. Watching his mirrors. Listening around the hiss and buzz of the city for the faraway cry of sirens. He kept imagining he could hear them as Boxer and the others ran in and out, in and out, tossing black bags of coins into the back of the van.

Then the shriek of sirens picked up for real this time. So close that it made Clint’s heart leap thickly to his throat. They had only been there two-and-a-half minutes, and still it had seemed like eternities. 

He leaned out the window and yelled, “We have to go *right fucking now*.”

The other four people raced back to the truck. Two of them paused to yank off the Goliath Bank logos in rippling sheets of plastic that they threw into the van with the cash, and leapt in after them. The third grabbed a car-topper shaped like an ice cream cone and hurled it onto the top of the van. The magnet on its base stuck with a heavy *clang*.

 Boxer, shortest of the crew, was last of all, carrying two last heavy sacks of coins. Clint watched him through the side mirrors. The second Boxer closed those doors behind him, Clint took off down the alleyway. 
***
 || 

Sorry this is so late. I had to work early this morning and lost my usual posting time ;( But it's here now, so... hurray

I know I'm five thousand years behind on my messages but responses are coming to the people waiting on them &lt;3

***

Daphne retreated back to her spot. She was still tapping away at the phone with a renewed urgency. When Clint glanced back at her, he saw the pistol sitting in her lap. As if she wanted to be ready to use it the second things turned bad.

Clint swallowed around his tightening throat. He willed things not to go bad.

Florence said, her voice perforating the air, “I’m looking for some old friends of mine. Perhaps you’ve seen them.” And then she described Daphne, Clint, and Malina with such accuracy that it made the back of Clint’s neck hackle.

But the shopkeeper answered in a shuddering voice, “Never seen them. Sorry.”

She took a long few seconds to answer, “You don’t sound confident.”

“Fairly am, ma’am. Don’t get many customers here.”

Florence dipped her voice so low that Clint had to strain to hear it. She said, “I don’t take kindly to liars.”

“I’m not lying.” Then there came the distinct click of her gun, cocking. The boy’s voice pitched upwards. “Upstairs! They’re upstairs!”

“He’s a weak character,” Virgil murmured, as if talking to himself. “Unfortunately for you.”

Clint hissed back, “Do they know we’re players?”

Virgil’s laugh was sharp and surprising as a falling knife. “Of course. We all do.”

“*What?* Is that why Rosco helped all of us?” That felt strangely deflating. It had all seemed more meaningful when it appeared that Rosco really cared. Now he was just an actor who died playing a character, not a man who was just a small piece of his town, caught up helping the wrong people. Like it robbed the thing of its magic, somehow. “Seriously?”

“Oh, my god.” Virgil rolled his eyes. “It’s his fucking *job*. We all have a role here.” He glanced at his watch, which was pinging him, urgently. “And *I* am in trouble for stepping too far outside my character. Excuse me.”

And then the boy vanished into the air.

Downstairs, Florence’s gun cracked once, shattering the silence of the bookstore. A customer shrieked, and the door banged as they ran out. Florence did not try to stop them, apparently. Her boots resounded against the stairs as she climbed up. A second followed her, a third, a fourth.

“How many people do you think she brought?” Malina whispered.

“Guys! I think I figured it out!” Daphne leapt up from her hiding space. Her gun clattered from her knees to the floor, loud as a bomb in the silence. She clamped her hand over her mouth, hot flood of blood rushing to her cheeks in embarrassment. “Oh, no, I’m so sorry.”

Bullets ripped through the tower in front of the door, sending paper scattering like butterflies or petals. For a few crystallized seconds, Clint just stared at the exploding shreds of paper, their edges burnt and burning. The bullets lodged into the wall just behind Daphne, who shrieked and threw herself to the ground.

Malina laid low and did not so much as tremble. Her back was a hard curved line as she bent over her shotgun and stared down the door.

The bullets kept rattling through the stack of books, the force of it knocking the top one down and sending it scattering. Half a copy of Thoreau scattered past Clint’s hiding spot. He held his spot and held his breath tight in his lungs.

He thought of Rachel. The day before he died, they had gone out bowling. She usually hated it, mostly due to her near-total lack of hand-eye coordination. But she was in good spirits that night. They went to the boozy alley, and Clint promised to drive them home, so she got delightfully giggly and drunk. She smiled at him like she was unafraid what her smile looked like. Her eyes lingered over his edges, hungrily, like she was seeing him in a way she never had before. He liked when she looked at him that way.

He wanted her to keep looking at him that way forever.

Clint stared down the barrel of his gun as one of Florence’s boy’s kicked the door, once, twice. The punctured stack of books swayed and groaned and on the third kick, the boxes scattered. The books waterfalled out onto the floor.

Clint and Malina’s guns spat fire.

The room smelled like smoke and burning gunpowder, hot in Clint’s nostrils. He did not let his stare waver, locked his elbows and squared his shoulder to keep his arms rigid as he shot, over and over, at the man’s torso.

The man fell in the doorway. His gun traced a wild trail of bullets down the far wall as he collapsed, and then the bullets stopped altogether. The next man stepped right over him and straight into Malina’s shotgun. She had leapt over the box of books, as if she could not even feel her ankle. Clint didn’t know if he should blame adrenaline or fear, but she sunk the muzzle of her gun into his gut and squeezed. It blew a thick crater into his torso, so deep that Clint could see the light shining through the gaping hole in the man’s belly.

He clutched at his middle and made a wet, bloodless noise of disbelief before falling to his knees.

Malina swung her shotgun around and held it by the barrel. She arced it around like a baseball bat, cracked the man in the temple with the butt of her gun. She banged it down into his skull once, twice, then wasted the last shot on the girl behind him, no more then a teenager, really. She hadn’t expected anyone right there, right then. The girl couldn’t raise her pistol faster than Malina snapped her barrel against her throat and pulled the trigger.

Clint vaulted over the boxes and trained his pistol on the black throat of the hallway. For a moment, he could hear nothing but the shriek of his aching eardrums, the thrum of his own blood.

When he crested the doorway he saw Florence fleeing down the stairs. He shot at her, wildly, but his aim was even more useless from this far away. He nearly caught her in the calf once, but the bullet drilled into a stack of memoirs instead. Florence twisted around to try to shoot him once, twice, before rushing out the door.

“Is that all she brought with her?” Malina scowled down at the bodies. She kicked the man Clint had shot first hard, in the back. As if to see if he was still alive. When he did not move, she wiped the butt of her shotgun against his grey sweater. It left a trail of dark red, speckled with pink bits of brain and meat. “Real pussy showing, there.”

“Maybe she hadn’t expected to find us prepared,” Clint said.

“Maybe she’s just an arrogant bitch.” Malina dumped the spent shells out of her gun and slipped in two more, their caps shiny metal. “You should have shot her.”

Clint didn’t have a good response to that, other than a very lame, “Well, I tried.”

Malina scoffed. “Yeah, nice fuckin’ effort.”

Daphne poked her head over the boxes. Stared with a look that was all abject horror: revolted, unable to look away.

He turned the safety back on and tucked his gun sheepishly in his pants. He almost wanted to tell her, *You probably shouldn’t look at this,* but the way that she stared at the girl’s skull shattered like a dropped watermelon, these were not the first dead bodies she’d seen. They probably weren’t even the worst.

“We should go,” she murmured, woodenly.

Clint suppressed the urge to apologize. He hated that look of mistrust and fear in her eyes. He didn’t know which he wanted more: to get used to killing people or never have to do it again.

As long as Florence was on the same level as them, it seemed he’d have little hope of the latter.

He nodded toward the door and stepped over the bodies. He offered a hand to Malina to help her step over. She was tendering her right leg and wincing with every step.

“You shouldn’t have pushed it like that,” he murmured in her ear. Did not want Daphne to overhear. Malina didn’t take well to being embarrassed.

But to his surprise, Malina’s dark cheeks colored, and she murmured back to him, “I know.”

She let him help her walk back down the stairs. Daphne trailed behind, carrying her book and her gun in the backpack.

“Did you say you had an idea where to go?” Clint asked the girl.

She smiled again, as if relieved to have something else to think about. “Yes! Let me show you. We’ll have to take the light-rail.”

The girl bounded ahead of them, out the door.

“Sounds like she knows this place better than you do,” Malina said, smirking, her brows knitted in discomfort.

Clint wished he still had some of those damn painkillers. “Well,” he said with a snort, “Virgil *did* say she’s the smart one. And you did make me waste a good amount of time trying to spring you out of jail, you know.”

Malina’s laugh trembled from her ribs to his. Clint helped her limp after Daphne toward what he could only hope would lead them to the third level.
***
 || 
***
Clint stood in the dark stall and wondered if this was somehow planned. If he was supposed to stumble into a place like this at some point or another. Guns sat on the wall behind the shopkeeper’s table, their hides scratched where serial numbers should have been. The man had baskets of phones, broken electric guitars, radios, tools, and buckets of hardware and motherboards and cables.

“This,” he told Clint, “is my little shack of shit.”

Clint marveled. He felt like he was in a hoarder’s museum. “I could just sell you the phone,” he tried.

“I don’t want to buy any phones.” The man looked Clint over in fascination. “But I’ll disable that nasty anti-theft software in exchange for your name and your story.”

“My story,” Clint repeated, perturbed.

“Yes.” The man gave Clint a long, thoughtful look. “And if I trust you, maybe I’ll even give you the chance to earn a few coins.”

“I need five hundred.”

“Five hundred ain’t a few. And you’re getting ahead of yourself.” The man held out a grimy hand for the phone. “Let me see it, please. You can tell me your story while I work.” He rummaged around in his drawer until he produced a cable and a little black slab of plastic that opened up into the smallest laptop Clint had ever seen.

He managed, “I could tell you, but I don’t think you’d believe me.”

The man’s lips twitched in a ghost of a smile. “Try me.”

Clint surprised himself by telling the man everything. He had not meant to keep talking as long as he did, but it all came out: the insane game, Malina, Florence, the people who had shot at them. The only piece he kept close to his heart was Rachel. He could not quite say her name without his voice cracking from despair or anger or both.

The shopkeeper did not seem overly alarmed. If he was just another NPC, he didn’t seem to have a script to be perturbed by this information. Perhaps Death peopled this level with real spirits, to make it feel more believable. Before Clint could lose himself in the possibilities, the man told him cavalierly, “I met another person like you.” 

Clint’s heart leapt for his throat. “Was she an older woman? Hispanic, I think?”

“No.” His smile was guarded. “She was a child.”

“She’s part of the game?” Clint’s back straightened. His stomach fell like a block of ice. He could not imagine the cold fear of that: a child alone in that game. “Was she by hereslf?”

“You can understand why I’d prefer not to answer those sorts of questions from a man I just met.” The man passed Clint the phone back. “Here. Spoofed a dynamic MAC address for you so you won’t have that guy’s phone company tracing you any time soon. You can keep it for yourself, or try to hawk it. You’ll get caught the second someone traces that serial number, of course, but if you keep it on yourself…” He shrugged. “You should be fine.”

“Wow, shit. Thank you so much.” Clint slipped the cell phone into his pocket. The shape had once been so familiar, but now it seemed brickish and huge. “Why would you do all this for me?”

The man shrugged. “Sounds like an interesting game.”

Clint’s next question burst out before the man even finished his answer: “Do you know what the View-Room is?”

“Why do you ask?”

“I came here with my friend. Malina. She was arrested, and the police took her there.”

The man sighed through his teeth. “That’s why you need the money, then. The View-Room is a prison system, and you earn your way out by paying back your sentence through watching advertisements.”

Clint couldn’t help his laugh. “Advertisements.”

“View-Room prisoners are the main focus groups for ads these days, you know. They’re pure profit.”

“Well. That’s bizarre.” 

The man scoffed and nodded in agreement.

“Given what we’re going through, you can imagine there’s a bit of, uh…” He waved his hand, trying to think of the right word. “Time’s a little urgent in this case you know?”

The man gave Clint another strange smile. Then he turned toward the curtain separating the front of his cubby of a store from the tiny back area. “Give me a second,” he said, and he disappeared behind the curtain.

Clint stood there, half of him arguing that this was somehow a trap and he needed to flee, flee *now*, while the other half was too curious to move. So he stood there with anxiety raging in his belly until the man reappeared. He had a scrap of paper with a phone number and a single name written on it.

“This,” he said, “is my buddy Helen. You just tell her that Rosco sent you.”

“Rosco.” Clint flicked the business card against his fingers. “Thank you. Seriously.” He paused as he turned to go. “If that girl you told me about wants company to the next level… could you tell her to call me?”

“I could think about that.” Rosco’s smile was tight-lipped and unreadable. He nodded to the torn shoulder of Clint’s shirt. “You might want to get yourself some new clothes. Something that hasn’t been shot through.”

Clint paused in the doorway. Admired the guns on the walls.

“If I wanted to come back and buy one of these,” he asked, “how much would it cost me?”

“I could cut you a deal. Four hundred coins for the rifle, three hundred for the pistols.” He squinted at the wall. “I’d take two-fifty for the revolver?”

“Ammunition?”

“I could be convinced to throw it in.”

Clint nodded, running numbers in his head. He passed a smile over his shoulder at Rosco and thanked him again for his help. “If you ever see that girl again,” he said, “that other player, you can tell her she can come with us, if she wants. We can get to the ninth level together.”

Rosco nodded solemnly. “I’ll be sure to do that.”

Then Clint hurried down the road. He had no idea how long before Florence’s men relayed the story to her. He could only pray that she wouldn’t believe them. That he could somehow scramble his way to the third level before she even got here.

He pulled out his phone and called the number. At first, no one answered. The phone rang once and brought him to a voicemail that said nothing more than, “Leave a message,” in a robotic tone. 

At the beep, Clint ventured, “Uh. My name is Clint. Rosco told me to call you. I need to make some coins. Fast. Very fast. Please, call me back.” And then he hung up the phone.

A minute later, it began buzzing madly in his hand.

Clint picked up. “Hello?”

“You’ve called the right person,” came a woman’s voice, sweet as honey and just as thick. “Write these coordinates down. You have fifteen minutes.”

He fumbled for the phone and managed to find a note taking app before she started rattling off the numbers. He jotted them down just before he could forget them.

“Wait—” Clint started, but the woman had already hung up.

He tapped the numbers into the phone’s map. The location she gave him was nearly twenty minutes away from where he was by foot.

Clint turned and started sprinting up the road.

***

When Clint arrived he found a woman with pale silky hair waiting for him. It was a cafe whose name was in elegant cursive; Clint did not even stop to read it. But when he stood in front of the doorway, bent over gasping and clutching his knees, the woman waved her fingers from her table and called out to him, “Oh, you *must* be Clint.”

She sashayed over to him and kissed both his cheeks lightly, her lips fluttering like butterfly wings.

Clint blinked at her in open confusion.

“You may call me Helen,” she informed him, offering him a dainty hand to shake. She gripped his hand back, demurely, and sank back into her seat. Helen was dressed finely, in a tight pencil skirt covered in pale spring flowers. She swirled her tea and regarded Clint with a look that was both fascination and delight. “You know Rosco does not send many people my way.”

“Why’s that?”

“Oh, I suppose I have a habit of ruining good men.” She winked at him, and Clint tried not to be charmed. She was the loveliest woman he had ever seen, brown-eyed with a fleeting but easy smile. “What sort of money do you need, Clint?”

“I have a friend who was arrested and put into the View-Room. I need five hundred coins to get her out.” He paused, bit his lip. “Maybe five hundred more to buy us new weapons.”

“Do you think you’ll need weapons?”

“Almost certainly.”

Helen nodded, thoughtfully. Sipped her tea. She told Clint, “I can get you eight hundred coins and a pistol of your very own.”

“Two pistols,” he corrected her. 

Helen’s eyebrow arched.

“One for my friend,” he explained.

The woman nodded along. Steepled up her fingers. “Alright. Two pistols. I need a driver for a very simple operation that is occurring this evening. My original driver was unfortunately caught by police this morning.”

“Maybe,” Clint ventured, picturing Malina alone in some dark room somewhere, just watching hour after hour of mind-numbing commercials. Banging her fists against the wall and screaming at those bastards to let her out. “I could help break him out. And my friend, too.”

Helen laughed in his face. “That’s an adorable idea, but no. Believe me, it would be far safer and cheaper to simply cough up the fine.” She leaned across the table toward Clint and explained exactly what he would do.

Clint started laughing before she could even finish.

But Helen was not smiling.

“If you’re not interested,” she said, icily, “I can find someone else to take your place.”

“You’ll give me eight hundred coins and two pistols?” he repeated, nervously.

“I’ll even give you bullets, even though you didn’t think to negotiate that part of it.” Helen extended her hand to him. “What do you say?”

This time, when Clint took her hand, she shook it, fiercely.

Her eyes were deep pools he could fall into and live inside forever. Part of him wanted to stay laughing at this cafe table with her. But Rachel’s smile flashed through his mind and he blinked and shook his head, hard.

“I will contact you with the relevant information when it’s time.” Helen rose from the table and stretched. She tossed her waves of golden hair over her shoulder. “Keep your phone close. Stay in the area.”

Clint’s heart hammered against his chest. He nodded.

Helen left a handful of gleaming gold coins on the table and stood. She put on her sunglasses and her bright yellow raincoat.

“I have full confidence in you,” she informed him. “I think this partnership will prove very mutually beneficial.”
***
 || 

***

Daphne had already scored her copy of *The Inferno* over and over with pen marks. She had two worn Bic pens clipped to the front cover, and it seemed like every page was scattered with comments, some in blue and some black.

“The black ones are about the game,” she explained, quickly. “Blue is just good literary moments.”

Malina looked like she wanted to roll her eyes. But even she couldn’t deny the girl’s strange charm.

“What was your idea on where to go next?” She peered at Daphne’s copy of the book and whistled. “Clint, buddy, you have to get better at close reading. This girl is kicking your ass.”

“I imagine she hasn’t had the same distractions,” Clint muttered back, giving Malina a rather pointed look with that. His belly snapped at him hungrily. It was a feeling that came and went like the sun behind the clouds. It never stuck with him for very long, but always long enough to make him dizzy and distant. 

“Are you calling me a distraction now?”

Clint smirked at her. “A usually welcome distraction.”

Malina looked like she wanted to lean over and punch him, but she stopped herself.

The girl paged through her book, oblivious to them. She stopped and told Clint, “Okay, this is the sixth canto.”

Clint fumbled open his book and scanned lines until he found where she was.

“Dante doesn’t tell us how they all got to the next level. He just passes out and wakes up there. So I don’t know how helpful the book is going to be this time.”

“Ha,” Malina said. “I knew reading was useless after all.”

Clint barked a laugh.

Daphne blinked up from her book. “Well, there are still hints. Last time, the guardian of the next level allowed us to pass. The third gate is guarded by Cerberus.”

“Is that the one from the Hercules movie?” Malina’s brows came together in frustration. “That dog thing?”

“Or, like, classical Greek mythology. But you could also go with the Disney movie.”

“Did you just miss having unfiltered ability to be an ass to me or something?”

Clint grinned at her. “I mean, kind of, yeah.”

This time when Malina punched his shoulder, her smile was huge and real.

Daphne looked between them both with a crooked, nervous smile. Pushed herself up off the couch. “We could ask Rosco for ideas. See what he thinks.”

“You can,” came a voice from above them. 

Daphne shrieked and fell back onto the couch. She snapped her head back to stare at Virgil lying on the ceiling like gravity had been flipped backwards on that particular part of the room. Even his jacket hung toward the ceiling. “Who are *you?*” she cried.

“I could ask you the same thing! But I already know. You’re Daphne. And *you’re* officially the smart one.” He applauded her, sarcastically. “I would say you should be proud but…” He shrugged.

“Oh,” Malina muttered, narrowing her eyes. “I was just beginning to think it had been too peaceful for too long.”

Virgil launched himself off the ceiling like he was diving into a pool. He arced through the air and landed gracefully on his feet on the coffee table between them all. He lighted onto the ground, flopped onto the couch beside Daphne. Passed them all a bright and manic smile. “Are we ready for the next level, kids?”

“This is our guide,” Clint explained. “Virgil, like—”

“Like the poem!” Daphne interrupted him. She twisted around to look at Virgil with newfound awe and excitement.

“You know the poem’s a made-up story, right?” But Virgil winked at her and seemed delighted with the attention.

“Hey,” Malina said, flatly. “Are you gonna give us another hint or what?”

“It sounds like your designated smart one is on a great track.”

Clint tried, “Could you *please* give us a hint?”

Virgil stretched and yawned. “She already figured out the only thing I’m allowed to tell you. Sorry, bud.”

Now Daphne stood and hurried to the curtain at the end of the room, already murmuring, “Rosco?” as if he could hear her from the other end of the room.

But the voice in the shop made both Malina and Clint freeze.

“I heard this was a place I could procure some quick cash. Maybe some weapons.”

Malina launched off the bed, limping on her injured ankle. Clint held up a hand at her and shook his head. He nodded to his backpack and made a gun gesture with his pointed finger and thumb. Then hurried over to Daphne and caught her hand before she could pull back the curtain.

He shook his head at her and whispered, fiercely, “Florence.”

“I could point you in the direction of a job or two,” Rosco admitted. “Everything you see is for sale. If you find something you like, I’ll even give you a discount in exchange for a story.”

Clint took Daphne’s hand and lead her back to Malina’s side. He picked up his backpack, wincing at the clink of coin hitting coin. Wished he had not left both guns inside of it. 

Virgil did not move from the couch. He watched them all with his eyes gleaming. “I do wonder what you’ll do next,” he told Clint, so softly that Clint could barely hear the boy.

The room had no exit except small window some ten feet off the ground. With Daphne’s help, he carried the coffee table over to it and set it down with only a gentle tap. But it was still enough for Florence to demand, “Is there someone else back there?”

“Just my inventory boy.”

“Send him up here. Now.”

“And why would I do that, ma’am?”

“I don’t trust you.”

Her voice was so sharp it made Clint’s breath split and spool in his throat. He stepped up onto the table and slid the window open. Popped out the screen. He leaned down, grabbed Daphne’s forearm, and half-dragged her onto the table before she realized what he was doing. But she was too smart to scream; she gripped his wrist tight and pinned a wild-eyed stare on him until he nodded at the window. And then she tossed her book through the opening, wriggled through after it.

Clint leapt back down again, landing lightly on his feet. He hurried over to Malina’s side and pressed his mouth to her ear to whisper, “Is your gun loaded?”

“Of course.”

“Good.” Clint watched the smile bloom across Virgil’s face in slow, delicious delight. “I don’t think this is about to go well for us.”

“You might be right,” Virgil said. And then he chuckled to himself. 

Clint nearly chastised him for being so loud until the cry of a revolver shattered the near-silence of the store. Rosco staggered back against the wall with a heavy crash. His own shotgun reverberated once, twice, a pause to reload.

Clint did not wait for Malina to hobble. He picked her up like a bride and ran to the window. She nearly kicked him in the throat scrambling out that window, but she made her way out. Clint stood holding her shotgun, staring at that tiny box of a window. Glanced at the door one more time as the pistol’s cry resounded again and again.

Just then, Rosco pitched backward through the curtain. He hit the ground so hard the window trembled. His chest was riddled with scarlet holes already soaking his shirt in thick rivers of blood.

“Oh, fucking hell,” Clint groaned. He threw the shotgun through the window and scrambled after it. One of the bullets tore a chunk off the sole of his boot—he felt the snapping tug of it—but Clint kept crawling. He heaved himself out the window and tossed his backpack at Daphne. “Carry that.” He dropped down to one knee in front of Malina. “Get on my back!” he yelled at her. She opened her mouth to retort. “We’re not fucking waiting for you.”

This time Malina didn’t argue. She hopped on his back. Her shotgun rested on his shoulder like a turret.

“Try not to blow out my eardrum with that,” he hollered at her as they ran.

“I will if it means they don’t blow your brains out.” She patted his shoulder reassuringly.

They ran down the alley, Florence and who knew how many men hot on their trail.

***

 || 
***
The bullets kept following Clint out the window, but even as they turned the corner Malina twisted her torso around to see. “Oh, it’s definitely that asshole again,” she groaned.

Clint laughed, breathlessly. “You mean Florence?”

As if in answer, her revolver cracked, and the brick a few inches from Clint’s head exploded. He crouched down as low as he could with Malina still on his back. She pressed herself down onto his back and squeezed his middle as tightly as she could with her thighs, as if trying to make herself small.

Daphne skidded left, abruptly, down an alley that Clint didn’t recognize—which was not saying much, since there was little here he *did* recognize. “Follow me,” she shrieked over her shoulder.

Clint skidded and paused for a moment until Malina shook his shoulders and yelled in his ear, “Fucking follow her!”

He started running. “How do we even know she knows where to go?”

“Do *you* know where to go?”

He didn’t have have a good argument for that. So Clint shut his mouth and kept going.

They fled blindly, harum-scarum, weaving their way through the dense labyrinth of Micro City, hoping only to lose Florence. Every time Clint thought they had finally shaken her, another bullet would sink into the wall dangerously close to them, and they’d sprint away like startled deer.

Clint’s thighs ached, and Malina became heavier and heavier with every block. It didn’t help that she kept twisting around on his back to see if anyone had caught up to them, throwing off her center of balance, nearly sending them both pitching to the ground more than once.

But they kept running.

Daphne was faster than Clint expected. She ran long-legged and stumbling, but she kept pulling ahead of him, glancing this way or that before declaring “Left!” or “Right!” or nothing at all, which meant dead ahead. Clint just followed, thinking of nothing but the burn in his arms and the rattle of Malina’s shotgun against his shoulder.

They ran and ran until the people grew thick again. The deeper into downtown they went, the more people passed them with their noses glued to their phones. But only a few even glanced up as the three tore past them. A few stared at Malina’s shotgun in alarm, and Clint prayed at the back of his mind that no one would warn the police. That was the last thing they needed.

Ahead of him, Daphne veered off the path and into a used bookshop, its front window cloudy and full of books. Clint nearly demanded what the hell she was thinking, but he was gasping too hard to speak. Maybe it was just an impulsive comfort, a bookworm diving into someplace familiar and safe.

But Daphne seemed to know where she was going. She didn’t stop. She pounded up to the second floor inventory room, surging past a young-looking man sporting what looked like his first, scruffy attempt at a beard. He stammered, “Uh, Daphne, what are you doing?” and she seethed back, “We have to hide, and you have to keep your mouth shut if you don’t want to die.”

The boy sighed and started plunking away down the steps. He muttered so low Clint barely caught him saying: “Goddamn, I hate when the fucking players show up.”

That summoned a dozen questions to Clint’s reeling mind, but he pushed them down. Staggered through the stockroom door and collapsed to his knees, nearly pitching Malina face-first into a box of dusty paperbacks. She caught herself with one hand, her knees still dug into his clavicle. 

Malina extracted herself, gracelessly. “You could have put me down *gently*.”

Daphne shushed her, and the intensity of her hiss seemed to surprise Malina. She softened and settled back behind one of the boxes. Clint did the same. Daphne nearly went for a third hiding place at the back of the room, but he caught her elbow. The air up here was hot and sticky and tasted like old vanilla. He reached into his backpack and offered her the second pistol Helen had given him.

“Do you know how to use this?” he asked her, softly.

Daphne shook her head.

He showed her how to engage both the safety trigger and the main trigger. Showed her how to clear the chamber and check the magazine. She reproduced it all flawlessly, despite her trembling hands. She showed him the clear chamber, the safety turned on.

“I don’t think I could shoot anybody.” Daphne held the gun out for him to take. Her stare was rooted to the ground once more.

Clint had to hide his smile. She reminded him so much of the child his sister had once been. The same shyness, the same secret fire. He didn’t want her to feel belittled just because he found her adorable. “Honestly, I don’t think you should try. You might just hurt one of us by accident.” He gripped her hand over the top of the gun and squeezed it, gently. “But if something happens to us, I don’t want you to be defenseless. Right?”

“Right.”

“If shit goes down, just stay hidden, and…” Clint looked over to see Malina watching him with a mocking smirk. “Well, honestly, Malina will do most of the work. But I’ll try to help too.”

Daphne giggled, reluctantly. “I’ll keep looking in the book. For ideas. There has to be something that I’m just missing.”

Then she went and burrowed in the boxes of inventory deep in the back.

Clint shifted a tower of four boxes in front of the door with a heavy scraping groan of the bottommost box. His shirt smelled like iron and sweat, and he wished he had taken the time to walk back into that one pompous asshole’s store and nicked one off the rack right in front of him.

And then he crouched down behind a row of boxed books that couldn’t possibly stop a bullet. But it had to be enough.

He rested his pistol on top of the box to keep his shuddering arm steady. When he glanced to his right, he saw Malina doing the same. Her stare was sharp and unflinching. Poised over the door like an eagle waiting to drop in for the kill.

They lay there for a long time, waiting. 

Downstairs there came only a few sounds: the creak of the wood floors as customers quietly perused. The occasional murmured greeting from the cashier, that baffled teenager who had just looked at Daphne with a mixture of exhaustion and bewilderment. The seconds ticked by like hours.

And Clint knelt there, every muscle coiled tight, ready to leap up and gun down anyone who tried to force their way through that door.

Then, beside him, Virgil’s voice piped up, “Hey there!” so suddenly that Clint nearly squeezed the trigger in surprise. He dropped his pistol with a clatter, flipped up the safety, and twisted around to snap, “That wasn’t very funny, man.”

“I knew you wouldn’t *actually* shoot.” Virgil’s grin was just twisted enough that Clint didn’t quite believe him.

But instead of arguing, Clint asked, “Good to see you again, I suppose.”

“Is it?” Malina muttered.

Virgil stuck his tongue out at her. His styled hair was drooping and tired, and he himself seemed bored with them already. His eyes were heavy-lidded and unimpressed. “You’re not even going to try for a stand-off? Kill her off early?”

“We’re not going to do anything that could get us killed.”

“Who are you *talking* to?” Daphne crept out from her hiding spot and froze, staring at Virgil with a mixture of fascination and confusion. “How did you get in here?”

Virgil snapped his fingers and vanished into the air. From nowhere came the gentle snap of fingers, and he reappeared once more. “*Magic*,” he told her. He leaned against the box behind him, illuminating the box briefly: *medieval literature and poetry*.

Daphne’s smile was huge and immediate. “Did you come to help us?”

“Not really. I’m more of an observer.” Virgil watched her like he was delighted to have someone *marvel* at him instead of being mildly annoyed at his existence. “Did you figure out where to find the entrance to the next level, smart one?”

“I’m close, I think. I have some theories.” The girl frowned at the box behind him. She stepped around Virgil and opened it up, began thumbing through different books. “Maybe a different translation would help. Or—”

“Mm,” Virgil said, “I can tell you you’re getting colder with that idea.”

Daphne sighed in frustration and shut the box up again. Then she glanced between Malina and Clint with the light of epiphany in her eyes. “Do either of you have a phone?”

Clint offered her his. It was connected to the wireless signal that permeated all of Micro City. The free wi-fi was the only thing that made the city infrastructure even remotely feasible. He said, “What are you thinking?”

The girl took the phone and began tapping away at it. “It’s hard to support an app game culture without a social media culture.” Her face glowed unnaturally from the light of the phone. “There has to be a database we can pull from. Someone somewhere has posted the right thing to give us an answer.”

“So you’re going to check your Twitter, is what you’re saying.” Malina scoffed at her. “Why not just go outside and *talk* to people?”

“People in this world suck at talking,” Clint told her. “I know you’ve spent the whole time in jail for the stupidest fucking reason, but, you know…” He grinned when she got up to try to hit his chest.

“What the fuck kind of game arrests you for climbing in a water fountain? I mean, seriously, Jesus.”

“I guess they’re committed to realism on this one.”

For a minute, they were all laughing hard enough to miss the silence that had settled onto the shop. Clint only realized something was wrong because Virgil was not laughing. He was smiling at them all in a way Clint could only describe as demonic: his lips curled up hungrily at the edges, his eyes shining bright with desire and delight.

“Florence is here,” he asked Virgil, softly, “isn’t she?”

That silenced everyone. The three exchanged looks of dread. Malina looked like she was ready to try out her new shotgun, admittedly.

“You tell me,” Virgil answered. But that scythe-like smile only got bigger.

From downstairs, Clint could hear the staccato click of Florence’s boot heels against the hardboard. Her voice rang out unmistakably.

“Hello, darling,” she said, “perhaps you could help me.” 
***
 || 
***
Everything in this level, Clint quickly realized, was ruled by money and desire. He couldn’t even quench his thirst at a public drinking fountain without the fountain’s cheery A.I. asking him to insert two coins. Clint jammed his hands in his empty pockets and kept walking, mouth tacky with fear. True, he did not need water to stay alive, but something in his belly sure as hell would make it easier to focus right about now. His thoughts wadded up and stuck together like half-chewed gum.

Malina was gone. That fact chased itself in maddening circles around his mind. When he let himself think about it too hard the panic nearly made him too dizzy to walk straight. But Malina needed him to be calm, so he took deep breaths and thought through his options.

There was the brochure, of course. He could go wash dishes all night long and hope he got anywhere close to it. The guard had said Malina would be trapped for five hundred hours: nearly twenty-one days, if time was even reinstated as a concept in this level. They couldn’t idle around the second circle that long, hoping that no one else would figure out the riddle. 

And where was Virgil?

Too many worries, too many questions. Clint walked and walked until he found a directory of the city center, and then he stood gaping in front of it. Every block had dozens of tic marks corresponding to some shop or strange attraction: there were countless retail stores of companies he’d never heard of, arcades, cinemas, bookstores, coffee shops, speed dating centers, gyms, everything he could imagine was sprawled out on the map before him. 

At the corner of the map, a message in tiny font reminded him: *WHEN YOU UPGRADE TO THE CLOUD PHONE XII, YOU CAN TELEPORT TO AND FROM LOCATIONS FOR* ***FREE****! ON SALE FOR ONLY 4000 COINS* Even smaller fonts below that listed the caveats and costs for older model phones.

Clint pawed around in the cracked plastic shell that had once held paper maps, but it looked like it had been empty for years. He kicked at the pavement and felt oddly like Malina for a moment. But then his frustration cleared, and he began trying process this meaningfully.

This, too, was just another game. And once he figured out how the system of it worked, he could scrounge up some money, get Malina free, get them the hell out of there. 

Clint decided his best option was to just walk in and out of shops until he found someplace that would let him work for something, anything. But the first store he walked into, the shopkeeper looked at him with horror written all over his face. “Oh, no, honey,” he told Clint. “I’m sorry, but you’ll scare people away.”

He tried not to feel weirdly hurt at that. Clint wandered back out onto the street. He tore off his bulletproof vest and left it on the road. He wore only his jeans and the black sweater, dark enough that no one could see the dry blood saturating it. But when he caught his reflection in the store window, he saw why the shopkeeper had reacted that way. Why Malina had been trying to wash herself up in a public fountain of all places. He was gore-spattered, his face streaked with dirt and thick rivers of sweat. 

A familiar voice piped up from beside him, “Jeez, you do look like shit.”

That made Clint whirl around. He saw Virgil smirk up at him. The boy had different clothes, somehow. His jacket was bright purple leather, his jeans black and tight to his legs. His boots were spiked on the toes, and it seemed as if he had tried to style his hair in a pompadour.

“What do you think?” the spirit asked, turning so Clint could survey him. “Do I fit in?”

“Yeah. You look great.” Clint grimaced at his reflection again. “How did you even get all that stuff?”

“I went shopping! I love visiting this level. They always have the coolest stuff.”

Clint tried to keep the greed out of his eyes. “You have money?”

“Nah. I made some. Like this.” Virgil grabbed a green-colored shake out of midair and began sucking on the straw.

“Can you just… do whatever you want?” 

“Sort of, and also not really.” Virgil wavered a hand. “I have certain administrative privileges. We’ll put it that way. Where’s your buddy?”

Clint shook his head in disbelief. “She got arrested because she climbed in a water fountain.”

Virgil giggled and chewed on his straw. “I know. I just wanted to hear you say it out loud.”

“It would be helpful if you warned us of this kind of stuff, you know.”

“It’s better if I don’t. More exciting for both of us.” The boy’s grin was just as fierce, but he didn’t seem particularly keen to disobey the laws of physics in front of so many witnesses. He kept leaping up off the ground an inch or two and then thinking better of himself and floating back down, restlessly.

“Does that mean you could make some coins appear for me too? Please?”

“Hah. No.” The boy tossed his half-finished drink into a nearby trashcan. “I told you. I can’t help you cheat.”

“But if I asked for a hint…”

“I could be obliged to find you an answer.”

Clint looked around at all the passersby, who skirted by like he was a bump on the wall. Not even really a person. Every once in a while, one of them would tap something on their phone and evaporate into the very air. He supposed that was the teleporation the strange ad had bragged about.

He said, “If I can’t get any money, how am I supposed to clean myself up enough to get a job to get money?”

“The cycle of poverty,” Virgil agreed, solemnly. “I guess you’ll have to do what most people who don’t have money do when they still want shit.”

Clint stared at him in confusion until Virgil lifted his eyebrows, meaningfully. Then it clicked for him.

“Oh.” Clint paused, processing that. Half-cursing himself for not thinking of it first. “You mean steal.” He supposed in a made-up world, ethics did not matter. There were no felony convictions in hell, after all. 

“I was beginning to worry you were the dumb one after all.” The boy crammed his hands in his jacket pockets and surveyed the street with a lazy smile. “All you need to win this game is the ability to figure shit out. Get yourself unstuck.” He patted Clint’s elbow like Clint was the child here. “I have faith you can do it. Now, I’m going to go play some arcade games until my eyes melt out of my head.”

“I thought you were going to help me,” Clint called after him, frustration sharpening his voice.

Virgil turned around to laugh at Clint as he walked backwards. “I just did!”

“Right,” Clint muttered. He turned and stomped off in the opposite direction. Then paused, remembered what the officer had said. He whirled around, and the boy was gone. Clint jogged to the end of the block: no sign of Virgil anywhere. “What the fuck is a View-Room?” he asked the empty air.

***

Clint knew this much about this world: there was a store or kiosk for every use Clint could imagine. The city was so huge that he walked in circles for hours without even realizing it. Here, night did come, but it was an abbreviated thing and eternally discolored by the glow of billboards and advertisements. Casinos, shops, theme parks, galleries, resorts that would simulate the experience of being a farmer or sorcerer or king. There seemed to be no limit to the size and scope of the city.

He walked through the night and most of a second day, lost in a sea of niche-game nooks. Then Clint paused to stare at his map. His belly dropped sickeningly.

He’d filled barely a wedge of the map. It seemed that the second level was a dense labyrinth, so deep that if he tried to map the whole thing he would be lost inside of it forever. 

Clint sat on the edge of a water fountain. It was not the same fountain that Malina had been arrested in, but it reminded him enough of her. He wondered what Malina was doing. Where that van had sped her off to. His belly ached with worry.

He turned around and cupped water from the fountain to clean off his face. He dried himself off with the bottom of his shirt. It made his skin feel a little less caked, made him feel just a little cleaner. More human.

A man passed by. He wore workout clothes covered in gold-threaded baroque patterns. Clint stood up and waved a hand in front of his face to get his attention. The man barely glanced up from his phone, where he was playing some pattern matching game. Clint asked him, “Could you tell me where to find the View-Room?”

The man did not even look up when he scoffed at Clint. “Man, fuckin’ google that shit,” he said, and he kept on walking.

Clint reached out and snatched the man’s phone out of his hand, just to get him to break eye contact with the fucking thing. Then he stared at it in his hand for a moment. Realized how much money it could be worth. Virgil’s arrogant smirk sprang to his mind.

As the man roared at him, “What the fuck is *wrong* with you?” Clint turned the phone off and took off running. 

The other man either didn’t care enough to run after him or he was so slow despite the gaudy sweatpants that Clint quickly shook him. He sprinted down this side street and that, diving behind dumpsters and pallets when he heard the occasional scream of a police siren.

But no one came to find him. When he paused to clutch his knees and wheeze for breath, he looked around to find himself in an older part of town. The stalls here were slumping, their signs faded or unmarked altogether. Shop owners watched him through grimy windows, their eyes dark with mistrust.

Clint stopped in the middle of the road to turn the phone back on. It immediately began blaring at him, “*Anti-theft mode initiated. Transmitting GPS…*”

“Fucking fuck *fuck*,” Clint muttered, turning the phone off quickly again.

From over his shoulder, someone said, “I could help you disable that, you know.” Clint turned to see a man standing there with a dense blond beard, his face twisted in a razor-tooth smile. “For a fee.”

“I don’t have any money,” Clint told him.

“Step into my office.” He pulled back the raggedy curtain to his stall. His was not even a building, just a cubby in a wall, shrouded in shadows. “We’ll make a deal.”

Despite the cries of anxiety at the back of his mind, Clint followed the man inside.
***
 || 

If this feels like deja vu that's because I had to delete it because reddit was having a fucking glitch-a-thon on my post. 

Thank you guys SO much for your outpouring of support in reporting the app that stole my writing in addition to many other excellent writers' work from WP. <3 I haven't had time to respond, but know that I appreciate your guys' time and rage and pitchforks

***
It was, to Clint’s pleasant surprise, pretty good medicine. The stuff came in a leaf-shaped bottle, and the box was full of warnings in a label that Clint couldn’t read. The store didn’t offer any type of bandages or splints, so Clint bought the cheapest T-shirt he could find and tore it into strips to wrap up her ankle. He spent the last of their coins on a few blankets and a hot meal at the pub.

Malina was pleasantly high for most of the night. Or at the very least, it made her pleasant to be around. She sat smiling around at everyone with a look that was melting bliss, her green eyes bright and half-hidden under her drooping lids. She insisted that Clint ferry her everywhere, and her willingness to accept help was suspicious enough in the first place. But when he helped her onto his back outside the tent, she slumped heavily against him and whispered against his ear, “Does this make you feel like a turtle?”

Clint laughed in unexpected delight. “Well, I’m gonna take a wild guess that your ankle is feeling better.”

That made her giggle. “Everything is feeling better.”

At first, Daphne had just stared at Malina, with a mixture of charm and confusion. “Did you give her oxys or something?”

“You’re old enough to know what oxys are?” Clint tried to hide his alarm. 

Daphne stopped short to stamp her heel and scowl at him in the pouring rain. “I’m fourteen. I’m old enough to know plenty.”

Malina started howling with laughter. “No you’re not!” 

Blood pooled red in Daphne’s cheeks. Her brows furrowed. She looked as if she desperately wanted to argue.

“I’m sorry,” Clint offered, instantly feeling like a dick. He paused and tried to incline his head closer to Daphne’s level without killing back. Malina was doing hardly anything to hold herself up, just gazing around in mild delirium. “Age doesn’t matter here, anyway. We’re all dead just the same, right?”

At the very least, that seemed to calm her. The storm left her eyes, but she stayed uncharacteristically quiet for the rainy walk to the pub.
***
That night, at dinner, the pub was full of people. Most of the creatures in the restaurant seemed to be watching Clint, Daphne, and Malina as they sat at their hilariously small table. Clint had to sit with his legs awkwardly jutting out into the walkway, his knees far too tall to fit under the table’s lip.

“I feel like I’m in a shitty Alice In Wonderland,” he confided to the two.

The pub’s owner was a huge white barn owl, taller than Daphne, with talons big as Clint’s fingers. The owl toddled over to their table with a tray of tea cups and a teapot balanced awkwardly on his broad wing. His taloned feet clicked loudly against the immaculate tile floor. The tray wobbled as he reached out to set it down, carefully. It seemed as if he had a few stiff feathers for fingers. The tea sloshed down the sides of the pot, and he stared at it as if in deep dismay.

“Don’t worry about it,” Clint said, but the owl still looked quietly bothered. He tried on a friendly smile, which felt strange after all this time of wariness and fleeing. “How would someone go about making extra cash in this world?”

The owl plucked up a napkin and wiped off the side of the teapot. He lifted the teapot to mop up the little puddle hiding beneath it. “

 “You can always pick up things you find and sell them to the shop owners. Fruit, fish… things like that.”

“Right,” Clint said, watching the spark in his eye for a reaction. “Because this is all a game.”

But the owl did not react. He only smiled back, matching Clint’s wager. “I have no idea what you mean.”

Clint nodded, passing an unconvinced look to Malina. But Malina didn’t even seem to be paying attention to them. She was beaming at a zebra in the corner of the room, who seemed to be pointedly turned away from her, sipping his beer and looking at her in mild discomfort every once in a while. 

But Daphne was paying attention. She watched the owl with a thin veil of pleasantness glossed over her face. But beneath her smile, Clint could see she was thinking, hard. Maybe she was thinking of Virgil, like he was. Wondering what happened to the poor souls who broke character in this game. 

The owl turned to walk away on its awkward strutting feet when Clint stopped him with, “Could I ask you one more thing?”

The owl revolved his head around slowly, eyes narrowed in barely masked irritation. It was unsettling to see such a human look on a non-human creature. “*Yes?*”

“What do you think of the mayor?”

“I believe she’s doing her best,” the owl said. He let out a sound that was somewhere between a scoff and a sigh. “For all that’s been worth.”

“What do you mean? You don’t think she’s doing a good job?”

Now he lowered his voice and leaned closer to Clint. The owl’s breath smelled hot and sour. “You’d best be careful bringing up the issue of our leadership too loudly, sir. Our town is… divided on the matter of its leader, to say the least. You never know who is listening.”

And then the barista returned to the counter. He watched Clint suspiciously from there, his eyes gleaming and huge in the dim lighting of the pub. He kept slamming mugs down as he dried them, and the clank of his muted frustration resounded through the pub. 

Now people really were staring at them. As if Clint had broken some holy unspoken rule by asking about the mayor. The salamander and lion at the pool table had even stopped their game to stare at him with their pool sticks cocked on their shoulders, their arms swollen with muscles and tensed, as if ready to fight. 

“That wasn’t exactly a ringing endorsement,” Clint said.

“Did a fucking bird just bring us tea?” Malina murmured, her voice downy and delighted. “I love this level.”

Daphne’s eyes were bright and wide. She looked just as alarmed as Clint felt. She murmured to him low across the table, “That felt like a threat.”

Clint nodded, and their waitress bustled over with their dinners. She was a bouncy little pig who crowed over their exciting strangeness and demanded to know everything about their journey before the barista hollered at her from across the cafe, “You do have other customers you know.”

“Oh, you *MUST* be from out of town.” The waitress’s voice was huge despite her tiny, scuttling self. The little pig was squat, plump and short and barely able to see over the rim of the table to set their plates atop it. She boomed, “We don’t get many visitors through here, you know.”

Malina grinned down at her in wonder. “Oh, my god,” she squealed. “How are all of you this fucking cute?”

That made the pig start snorting in laughter. “Oh, *stop* it. Where’re y’all visiting from?”

“Micro City. Some bullshit town city of like… the worst prison you’ve ever seen. Trust me.” Malina squinted at the pig. “Why do all of you hate the mayor so much?”

The pub seemed to quiet itself, listening for the waitress’s response. She clicked her hooves together, nervously. “Why would we hate the mayor?” she finally managed, looking around as if to make sure that everyone could hear her. “Everyone *loves* that she’s been here three years and *only* helps the farmers.”

That drummed up a low rumble of agreement from the animals eavesdropping.

Malina just gave a silly baffled giggle and said, “Okay, then.”

The pig gave them one more sharpened smile before trotting away. Now Clint was sure the whole pub was staring at them, as if trying to assess the threat.

Clint looked down at his plate, which looked like it was prepared for a child. It was a bowl of four-bean soup that would have been perfectly satisfying if it was three times larger. He told himself that it did not matter, he did not need food to function, anyway.

But he missed the comfort of it. A huge bowl of soup, warm in his cupped hands. That was one of the few things he had any hope of cooking. When it was his night to make dinner, Rachel would always ask him, teasingly, “So what kind of soup are you making then?” In the summer, if it wasn’t something he could throw on the barbecue, it was chili, and she would help him dice tomatoes and peppers in the kitchen, and sometimes when he walked past her he would press kisses down the thin line of her neck.

That familiar knot of longing tightened in his throat. He swallowed around it, spooned a few helpings of soup into his mouth. Suddenly the bowl felt like more than he could ever eat.

They barely spoke for the rest of dinner. When her goofy spell wore off, Malina nearly fell asleep at the table. She slumped bonelessly against Clint as he carried her in his arms back to the tent. He wrapped her up in one of the blankets, and she was fast asleep by the time she hit the pillow.

“Jesus,” Clint muttered, and part of him wished he’d had enough money to buy an extra bottle. He wouldn’t mind a night feeling fucked up, blissfully removed from his thoughts.

Daphne sat in the other half of the tent with *The Inferno* spread open on her knees. She watched Malina in open worry. “Is she going to be okay?”

“Probably. I think she needed to just let herself slow down.” Clint settled down in the middle of the tiny tent. There was just enough room inside for the three of them to stretch out and sleep, but the space felt too small, too close. The air was tight and dense and hot. He longed for his own bed, a window he could open without letting in the rain. He sat cross-legged beside Daphne and glanced at her crisscrossed copy of the book, his brain so tired that the words and highlights became an inscrutable web.

She looked between it and Clint, worriedly. “I knew I recognized her name.”

“Whose?”

“The mayor’s. Ciacco. She’s in the book.” Daphne flipped a page or two, then tapped the middle stanza. Her face twisted up. “You won’t like what it says.”

Clint scooted closer to Daphne. They sat shoulder-to-shoulder as he peered down at the page she was pointing at:

>“‘After long feuding   
>They shall come to blood.’”

“Who’s they?” Clint asked, his belly turning in dismay. Part of him had expected this level to be as easy and gentle as it seemed from the outside.

Daphne bit hard at her thumb. “I think it means the villagers.”

Clint did not get much sleep that night. He lay listening to the thrumming of the rain against the tent and strained to hear noises hidden within it: muffled footfalls or the whisper of a knife.

He heard nothing but the rain.
***
 || 
***
Part 17 is on Patreon now! :)
***
As we turned the corner, the tunnel split into two. Sherman followed the wider of the two as it dipped to the left. The right hand tunnel had no lights and descended into darkness. Sherman gestured toward it. “That’s the way to the field.” 

I nodded like there was anything in my head other than constant static buzz of disbelief. All of it was impossible. All of it. *Impossible*. The word spun dangerous circles around my head.

Sherman glanced at me like she was reading my silence, the worried line of my brow. “The first step for you,” she advised, as if she was my fucking apocalypse therapist, “is to focus on cutting the words *never* or *impossible* out of your vocabulary.”

“Maybe you should tell me the whole goddamn story before you start handing out unsolicited advice,” I spat through my teeth.

Sherman snorted. “You can be spiteful and will away your own powers. Be my guest.”

I almost shot back, *You think I’d have sat through your bullshit if I could use my power right now?* but I swallowed my vitriol. Instead I said, voice even but strained, “I wasn’t saying that.”

She gave me a knowing look, like an adult who’s just proven a child wrong. I tried not to scowl at her.

The tunnel finally ended in a small, rectangular room, strutted up by wooden beams. The air was cooler down here and tasted like wet earth. A plastic wedge of a carbon monoxide detector dangled from the same cable as the single dim bulb that illuminated the room. I wondered just how deep underground we were. Opaque plastic tubs were stacked along the dirt walls, probably full of money or drugs or whatever else crime lords kept in their secret underground bunkers. Alongside them were a few metal crates on wheels with heavy, gleaming locks. 

A flimsy card table sat in the corner, surrounded by a few folding chairs. A handgun sat on the table.

Sherman wandered over to it and clucked her tongue. She drew back the slide to peer into the chamber and flicked a switch on the side. “Someone’s going to get a lecture on gun safety,” she chided, as if gearing herself up for a lecture-to-come. She lifted up her shirt to show her flat belly just long enough to cram the gun into her waistband. Then she spread her arms around the dirty little room and declared, “This is the safest room in the house.”

I stared at her belly, where the outline of the gun was a vague bulge under her sweater. “Oh, I feel very safe.” 

Sherman flopped into one of the folding chairs and spread her arms on the table. She leaned toward me and said, “No one will overhear us here. No one will stumble in and interrupt us. It’s just you and me and all the time in the world.” She balanced on the back two posts of the chair. “So go ahead. Ask me.”

I didn’t bother hiding my incredulity. “Ask you?” 

“I’m sure I don’t need to give you any ideas for questions.” 

I didn’t sit down. I stared at the glass in my hand and considered heaving it at the wall, just to release some of the steam fogging up the inside of my skull. I started pacing, back and forth. “You could start with how the fuck you could plan for something I didn’t know was happening. Did you know about this? Any of this? Before today?”

Sherman smiled at me. Her dark eyes were enigmatic, unreadable. “We were both equally and pleasantly surprised. But both of our lives have led up unavoidably to this day. You’ll appreciate that sooner than later, I think.”

“And what the hell have you been doing all this time? Just sitting on your hands and waiting?”

“More or less.”

“*Why?*”

“I told you. For you,” Sherman said, as if it should be obvious. “For the World-Ender.”

Now I sank into the other chair. The cool under-earth air chilled and slowed the panic humming within me. I tried to narrow my focus into a single sharp point, focusing on this: I needed information. I needed to know just what the hell I was dealing with here.

“Just… tell me without me having to drag every fucking detail out of you.” I slammed my drink onto the table hard enough to crack the glass bottom. 

Sherman fluffed herself up like a disgruntled cat and said nothing.

“Please,” I added.

Sherman regarded me for a long second. Then she said, “I will tell you something no one knows about me.” 

“I’m guessing it’s not your first name.”

A smile tugged at her mouth. “Good guess.”

I feigned a cough to hide my involuntary matching grin.

“My mother was raised the same way. What to do if the World-Ender comes. What to tell them. What to teach them.” She held my stare. “What mistakes to help them avoid repeating. She never met one. My grandmother grew up the same way, and she’s the one who taught my mother, who taught me. I didn’t think I’d ever do anything useful with it.” She gestured around the bunker. “But here we are.”

“You mean all those people up there, all the people involved in… whatever the hell you do… it’s all because of *me?*”

“Indirectly. There are hundreds of people in my employment. They can’t all be trusted with that sort of secret. Your brother, for example, is more of a pawn. Don’t misunderstand; you can’t play a good game of chess without them. But he wouldn’t know about the game strategy. You get it.” She let two of her fingers skitter across the tabletop like they were little legs, hurrying along. “Officially, our only motive is promote the powered rights movement through any means necessary. Protecting freedom of identity. Resisting the fascist overlords. All that bullshit. Most of it was screaming on social media, vandalizing shit to get attention. Screaming into the void. That sort of thing.” Her eyes brightened. “But you—”

“I don’t give out free wishes,” I said, flatly.

“You never know. You’re only a day into your career.” Sherman leaned across the space between us to punch my upper arm, as if we were old friends. “Trust me, Eli. We were meant to find each other, you and I. You’re meant to change the world, and I’m meant to make sure it’s for the fucking better.”

I couldn’t help but roll my eyes. “So you’re from a family of crazy people who’s heard of a rare power before and wants to take advantage of it? Is that it?”

Sherman narrowed her eyes at me and sat up straighter. “You have no idea what I know. You are part of a history much older and much more violent than you know. Someone like you comes up every few generations. Someone with the power to end everything as we fucking know it. And sometimes you did. People like you are the reason we’ve lost entire civilizations.” She extended her hand toward me, as if for a handshake. “But I swear I’m here to help you. I brought you here to help you hone your skills. Whatever you decide to do with them is your choice.”

When I didn’t reach out for her hand, she folded her arm back smoothly by her side.

“I don’t want… anything to do with this. Any of this.” I rubbed hard at my eyes. “God. I should just will it away.”

Sherman didn’t even flinch. “You could do that. You could turn everything back, if you really wanted to.” She inclined her head to catch my eye. “Or you could see how far the rabbit hole goes.”

I scowled at her. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

She just shrugged and slumped back in her chair. “If I could do anything… I’d find out just how far anything could go. Especially if I had a trusty guide who drove me halfway across the country just to bring me safely here.”

“Guide is a strong word,” I muttered.

For a moment, the gang boss paused. Calculations spun themselves behind her eyes.

Finally she said, “I’ll get you some dinner. You can see your friends. Take this all in. And then you can decide if you want to come back here and find out what I can teach you.”

I watched the first syrupy drop of bourbon break through the thin crack in the glass.

And for the first time, I let myself wonder what it meant to be able to do *anything*.
***
Thanks for being so patient with this. My work has been utterly mad. I run a preschool and I've been dealing with a really high staff turnover rate that just makes my day job kind of a living hell lol. I appreciate you reading along still <3
***
 || 

Thanks for your patience! I was working 10-hour days at my day job this week, which killed a lot of my writing time and mental energy. Hope this was worth the wait <3 Thanks for reading!

***

When I got close to the front door, a noise at the back of the house made me pause. I froze holding the door handle, straining to listen. There: a couple of voices murmuring low, back and forth.

“You ready?”

I jumped at the sudden voice by my head and snapped my attention forward. 

Avis blinked back at me through the screen door. She had the same quick, crooked grin as her father. “What? Did I scare you?”

I shook my head. “Just thought I heard something.” I heaved open the door and followed Avis inside.

The farmhouse was unlit except for occasional breaks of golden light. The place looked cluttered, but dusty. As if someone had left or fled and abandoned everything here, untouched. The tall oak furniture and faded Persian rugs leading from the front door to the rest of the house reminded me of my grandmother’s house. Boxes and books and old magazines cluttered open shelves and along the walls.

I inhaled the wet, musty stink of trapped air.

“What the hell is this place,” I muttered.

Avis shrugged. “We don’t use this building much I don’t think. But it’s not my job to tell you all about it.” She inclined her head forward, down the dark hall, broken only by a few stabs of sunset through a window. “Come on.”

I followed Avis deep into the house, even as every instinct and bit of common sense in me screamed at me to turn around. I asked, half-jokingly, “Can you look ahead and tell me if it goes well or not?”

Avis smirked back at me over her shoulder and said, “You ask that like I haven’t already.” 

“That’s not really an answer, is it?”

The girl’s smile only grew. She gave a vague shrug. “It usually goes better when I don’t tell you.” With a dip of her head, she led me down the hall and through a dusty sitting room with furniture older than I am and pictures of strangers on the wall.

I pointed at the pictures, many of them black and white photos of unhappy-looking people squinting at the camera. “Who are those people?”

Avis paused to look at the walls like she’d never slowed down enough to check. She wrinkled her nose as she shrugged. “I think that’s whoever owned the house before we got it.” A new look I hadn’t seen before crossed her face: something like fear. “Come on. Sherman’s waiting.” 

I followed her through the sitting room, past a narrow nook of a laundry room with a single ancient washing machine and a drying line inside. Dusty spiderwebs clung like lace to the clothesline. 

“What are you and your dad doing caught up in all this anyway?”

“I don’t think I should talk to you much, before, you know…” Avis wouldn’t look at me now. She just kept going on past the laundry room, into a kitchen with daisy-printed wallpaper. The kitchen looked like it hadn’t changed in at least half a century.

“I get it,” I said, even though I didn’t.

Avis turned the corner and disappeared around the edge of the fridge. A door creaked open, and the faint croon of jazz music rose from beyond it.

I loped after her and found her holding up the door. Beyond the threshold, a set of stairs led down into semi-darkness. A dull amber light glowed down there, illuminating the dirt walls and spiderwebs below. Boxes and old furniture huddled under the stairs.

For a moment, I hesitated on the threshold beside Avis and looked at her. I felt foolish and a bit shy looking to someone at least a decade younger than me for reassurance. I tried to keep the nervousness out of my eyes. I wanted to ask, *you’d tell me if it was going to go badly, wouldn’t you?*

But I didn’t want to know the honest answer. 

I descended down the steps as quietly as I could. The wood squealed, betraying me. I winced and waited a few long seconds, listening. The soft croon of the saxophone kept unspooling up the stairs. 

Behind me, the door clicked shut. I nearly spun around and tested it to see if it was locked.

But something make me take one step, and then another. It was an unignorable burning deep within my belly. The forward pull of a question that I could not live with unanswered. Even if I fled now, even if I willed away my own power and pretended none of this had ever happened… I had to know. What did it mean to be the world-ender?

The floor at the bottom of the stairs was the same wet-smelling earth as the walls. Thick wood beams held up the walls, but I couldn’t keep the image out of my head of the dirt slipping and me crushed under here, too exhausted to save my own ass. 

A tiny waterfall of dirt crumbled off the wall beside me.

I winced away from the idea of it. I didn’t want to find out the hard way whether or not that was a coincidence. 

A long coil of extension cord trailed from the stairs to the light burning in the corner of the basement. The music grew louder with every step. I followed after it until the cord snaked behind an ancient workbench with a pegboard back. It sat at an angle away from the dirt wall, like a door hanging ajar. The light emanated out from behind it. 

I slipped behind the workbench, and the dirt floor suddenly became concrete. The walls on either side of me were solid wood and new, bright plyboard, untouched by time and rot. A narrow neck of a hallway led from the door to a room beyond. A tapestry hung over the open doorway, a skull snarled in twining garden vines. 

This had to be the bunker. 

I pulled the tapestry back by its edge and peered inside. 

The room within was small, lit only by an industrial light sitting on the floor, which the power cable snaked out of. A red silk sheet had been thrown over the light to dull it, filling the room with a warm amber glow.

More tapestries hung from the walls, nailed in place over more plywood walls. The only furniture in the room were a pair of folding camping chairs, unfolded, sitting beside one another. On a wooden table between them sat a record player and a crystal decanter full of dark liquid. A pair of drinking glasses.

Someone sat in one of the chairs. It had to be Sherman. He looked Japanese, maybe. I felt too awkward to ask him. I couldn’t even tell if he was *he* at all. Sherman’s dark hair was wild and nearly chin-length, as if he’d rolled out of bed without pausing to look in the mirror. He wore a grey hoodie with the hood pulled over his head, grey joggers that emphasized just how thin and small he was. His tired eyes held my stare as we paused, sizing each other up.

Then Sherman started speaking and answered at least one of my questions. 

“You can take a seat,” she said, dipping her head toward the chair beside her. She leaned over to grab the decanter. 

I sank into the empty space beside her and watched her fill one cup, then the other. I knew by the sharp bite of the smell that it was liquor, and a strong one at that. My mouth watered. My belly was empty and my sore throat probably needed water, and goddammit I wanted nothing more than a drink right then.

Sherman offered me one of the glasses. “I found these upstairs when we got the place,” she explained. “In their *fine china* cabinet.” A scoff. She lifted the glass to catch the light in its delicate base. “I’ve never lived anyplace where I had fine china.”

“Me either,” I said. I couldn’t bring myself to relax, not even to pretend to. Some immutable voice at the back of my mind kept screaming at me that no matter how strange all this seemed, I couldn’t let my guard down. But this girl looked so normal. So *young*. If she stumbled up to my bar at work, I’d triple check her ID to make sure it was real. “So you must be Sherman.”

“Good process of elimination.”

I swallowed half the drink in a single gulp, then sat squeezing the glass. Some part of me couldn’t quite process that this morning I had woken up in my own room, powerless and unimportant, and now I was possibly one of the most wanted people in the country. 

“And who are you supposed to be, exactly?” I lifted my stare from my glass to find Sherman’s stare still burning into me. She had a scattering of freckles across her nose that I couldn’t notice until we were this close. 

“I thought we just solved that mystery.”

I scowled. “Not just you. All those people out there. You sent a bunch of people in a fucking van to drive me and my friends halfway across the country.”

“I did.” Sherman sipped at her drink. She smirked at me over the lip of the glass.

“*Why?* Who the hell are you all of you? God, I don’t even know where we are.” I finished the last half of my drink and let the bitter-hot burn of rye down my throat anchor me. 

“Nobodies. A bunch of rats.” She grinned at me like we were playing a game. And we were, in a way. She had decided I would be the mouse. “And we’re in deep in what you’d call the middle of fucking nowhere.”

Steam built up within my skull. Something like fury, just as hot and blinding. I said through my teeth, “Don’t fuck around with me, okay?” 

Sherman tutted her tongue. “You clearly need another drink.”

I let out a noise somewhere between a laugh and a scoff. “I don’t have to sit here and deal with this.” I started to push myself up out of my chair. 

“You’re right. You don’t. It’s a thirty-mile walk anywhere. Maybe you could get a hillbilly to give you a ride someplace, but I doubt it, this time of night.” That infuriating grin widened. “And besides. I know you want to hear what I have to say.”

I could feel irritation furrowing my brow. “If I really am what you think I am, I’m not sure why you’re going out of your way to piss me off.”

Sherman’s eyes brightened like a child’s. “Because I’m not afraid of you, World-Ender. I know we can help each other.” She picked up my empty glass from the table and refilled it. 

This was all too strange. This weird little room beneath a house who-knew-where-the-fuck, run by who-knew-the-fuck. Some part of me wondered what hid beyond those tapestries. Just how deep did the bunker go?

“Eli,” I corrected her. 

“Oh, I know your name.”

“Then use it.” I plucked the glass off the table and swished the drink around inside it. Some part of me wanted to hurl the glass at the wall and roar at her. But I took a long, deep breath and told her, “Look, man, this morning I was just some guy. Just nobody, driving my friend to an appointment. Now I’m practically the FBI’s most fucking wanted."

That damn smile came back again. “Oh, I can promise you’re not their *most* wanted.”


I pressed on, ignoring that, “The point is, I don’t know who you are or what you’re talking about or what… any of this is. But I’m starting to think you didn’t rescue me from *shit*.”

Sherman tilted her head to watch me. For a long few seconds, she said nothing at all. The air between us thinned as I tried to keep my breathing slow and even. Tried not to betray how deeply she was getting under my skin. I was tired and hungry and exhausted as hell. I’d hit my lifetime quota for *utterly fucking weird* in only a few hours

Finally she said, her expression as smooth as her tone, “Do you know what they’ll do to you, if they catch you?” She tilted her stare upward, as if the federal agents were prowling overhead like wolves outside our burrow.

Anxiety turned in my stomach. I frowned sideways at her.

Sherman didn’t wait for my answer. “Imagine what any world government would do with infinite wishes. I wouldn’t want to be their magic genie.” She leaned forward, gripping the edge of her seat with her palms. “Would you?”  

Her stare held mine with an intensity that made me shift awkwardly in my seat. I muttered, “That’s not my point.”

“It is mine.”

The room spun. I couldn’t tell if it was adrenaline or the alcohol hitting my empty stomach.

“I don’t trust *you.* Any of this.”

Sherman gave a diplomatic nod. “Fair enough. No one likes to be kept in the dark.” She turned toward me and sat up straighter, her hands folded primly, as if we were meeting in a boardroom and not a dirt basement in a near-abandoned farmhouse, “I’m the leader of an anarchist group that intends to dismantle the government in the name of people like you. People like me. People who are being arrested and erased, just for the crime of being born. And you and I need each other.”

“Oh, yeah?” I rolled my eyes. “What do I need you for?”

“Easy. This is the night you decide whether or not to live up to the name World-Ender.”

I laughed without humor and emptied my glass in a single swig.

She was right. I did need another drink.
***
 || 

Thank you for all your support and patience and lovely words yesterday, friends <3 I'm feeling nearly human again today! :D 

***

Clint couldn’t stop staring at the ax slung casually over the woman’s shoulder. Couldn’t stop thinking of his pistol left behind at the tent. Even if Daphne had one in her bag, it was surely under a mound of cherries. Internally, he wanted to curse his stupidity and naivety and arrogance. But he swallowed his fear and told himself he had no reason to think these people would kill him.

That was the routine of it all talking. He was getting too used to assessing every person or creature he encountered as a threat above all else. Even as they passed through the rain-soaked haphazard clusters of fruit trees, his hands kept feeling the places he usually kept his gun. 

How could he forget? His pulse raced at the worst scenario, that thing he could not push out of his mind: he could lose Rachel for something as stupid and unfor-fucking-givable as *forgetting*. And part of him thought he would deserve hell for a sin like that.

The farmers shook Clint’s and Daphne’s hands warmly. They introduced themselves as Ben and Nancy, husband and wife. They seemed like two halves of the same moon, perfect opposites in every way. Where Nancy was small and moon-haired, her husband Ben walked beside her, tall and spindling, dark and quiet. His skin was the color of damp earth, and he watched Daphne and Clint with a look that was distrust and fascination all at once.

The silence snapped as Nancy asked, raising her voice over the rain, “Do you know how we settled out here in Sunshine Town?”

Clint and Daphne shook their heads.

She watched the trees sway like dandelions in the wind as she spoke. Her eyes were bright with wonder. “Seventy years ago, my grandfather cut down a big old swath of cedar on his property, and he and my grandma trimmed it down and made themselves a house and a life out of it.” Nancy turned a gleaming, slightly gap-toothed smile on them. She had a strange prettiness that seemed to creep on you as if by surprise. A slow-warming sun of a woman. “And when we set out looking for land to buy, that’s what we done for ourselves out here.”

As they reached the end of the grove, the farmers’ land unfurled before them: long rows of blueberries, tomatoes, and watermelon spread in neat, even rows along a nearly quarter-mile stretch of field. Beyond the crops sat a small, squarish house, painted a canary yellow. A cat lay under the protective eave of the porch, watching them with sharp green eyes. The house had a red door and cheery, pale blue shutters. 

Even in the rain, even with that ax so near him and him so defenseless, Clint couldn’t help a small smile at the sight of it.

Daphne frowned around at the flowers and plants sighing under the weight of the water. “Why would you choose a place like this? You’re out in the middle of nowhere.”

That made Ben laugh, a sound warm and deep as summer thunder. “We like the middle of nowhere.”

The farmers invited Clint and Daphne inside. Their house was low-slung but warm. Walking inside, an unfamiliar comfort flooded Clint’s chest, one he had not felt since he died. It was a feeling like home. The walls smelled faintly of cedar, and pictures and paintings littered the walls. As they walked through Ben pointed to this table or that chair and said, “Made that, made that, picked that up from the general store.”

They walked through the narrow living room into the kitchen. Every inch of the kitchen was immaculate, and the open shelves had only a sparse scattering of plates and cups and mixing bowls. It looked as if Nancy and Ben had just enough for themselves, and nothing more. At the very least, they had power, because when Ben flicked up the light switch, the dim little bulb in the center of the ceiling hummed to life.

“What brings you folks all the way out to our little town?” Nancy asked, cheerily. She dumped the cherries in a massive bowl and offered the bag back to Daphne. Then, methodically, she began pulling off the stems and tossing them onto the table. It seemed like a nervous habit, because she did not even bother taking out the pits or separating the cherries. She just yanked off stems, one by one. 

Daphne hovered by the kitchen table, anxiously, as if she didn’t know what to do with herself. She finally settled into one of the stools and took her backpack back with a whispered thank you.

“We’re just passing through.” Clint couldn’t explain the nerves bubbling up in his belly. A restlessness as constant as the staccato rain tap-tapping at the roof. “No one in town seem to like farmers too much.”

Ben and Nancy exchanged a meaningful look. Then Nancy plucked up a basket off a hook on the kitchen wall and offered it to Daphne. “Do you want to go out and get the eggs from the coop, honey?” 

Daphne wrinkled her nose in obvious distaste. “Why?”

“This conversation isn’t quite suitable for children,” Ben said without turning from the sink. He glanced over his shoulder at Clint, who leaned against the kitchen doorway, unsure what to make of it all. “Do you want a coffee?”

“I do. But Daphne isn’t a toddler. She deserves to hear the same as I do.” He crossed over to Daphne’s side. The girl stood at the kitchen table, hugging herself tightly, as if trying to make herself small. He put an encouraging arm around her shoulder and squeezed her, gently. Daphne melted into the hug in relief. “Do you want a coffee too?”

She just shook her head. But even after Clint let her go, she stayed pressed against his side, like she felt safer there. He did not try to stop her.

Ben opened a cannister and dumped some coffee beans in an ancient, hand-powered coffee grinder. He began turning the wheel and stared out the window as he spoke. “It’s always been this way, since we arrived. Folks here don’t like outsiders.”

“It’s more complicated than that.” Nancy twisted a stem between her fingers. “The mayor sold off the land out here, and in exchange she helped us homesteaders set up our new homes with taxes from the town. And I guess the villagers got up in arms about it. Asking why they were subsidizing the lives of total strangers instead of fixing up their own shit.” The farmer shrugged. Ripped another cherry stem out by the root. “Most of them want us gone. They think we’re draining on the community and giving nothing back. But I don’t see anyone bitching about the fact that they don’t have to import fruit anymore.” Her smirk was tired and humorless.

“So it’s just municipal spatting,” Clint said, half a question.

“Sure, if spatting includes ruining our plants and killing our dog.” Ben nodded out the window to the muttdog patrolling outside with a profound urgency. “We used to have two.”

“Oh my god,” Daphne breathed. “Why would they do that?”

“They want us to leave. They want us the hell out of their town.” Nancy dropped the cherry in the bowl. “And I think they’d do just about anything to see that happen.”

Clint’s mind whirled. He tried to think like Malina. Tried to trust no one. There was every reason for these people to lie to him, but it did match up with what he had seen at the pub. The way those villagers had looked at him with knives in their eyes when he asked about the farmers.

“And the mayor is part of the problem? To them?” he asked.

“She’s the instigator of the problem. Half the town’s been refusing to pay taxes until we leave. They’ve vandalized her home, our homes, the town hall…” Ben shook his head and dumped the coffee beans into a stove-top percolator. He set it atop their ancient oven and gave Clint and Daphne a brittle smile. “I know they’re going to escalate. I just don’t know how yet.”

Daphne gripped the shoulders of her backpack and glanced up at Clint. He saw the worry in her eyes. The unspoken fear: tomorrow, they both knew, there would be a reckoning.
***
 || 
***
ETA: Sorry, no new part until tomorrow. I am uselessly sick :(
***
In the morning, the rain seemed worse than it had ever been before. Malina slept late into the morning, sleeping so deeply that Clint saw for the first time what her face looked like when she relaxed. She looked gentle and unguarded, wrinkles just beginning to make themselves known in  gentle furrows in the corners of her eyes. Clint threw his blanket over her when he and Daphne left early that morning to walk and search for something to eat.

The waitress had confided in Clint when she took their empty plates, “Really, you can find just about anything you need out in the woods. But be careful you don’t venture onto anyone’s property.” She had leaned in closer, lowered her voice and glanced around urgently, as if to see if anyone was listening. “You never know what those backwoods types’ll do. You know. The farmers.”

Across the room, a pair of dogs snapped their heads toward the pig and curled back their lips to reveal sharp, gleaming teeth. Even if they were barely up to Clint’s elbow, they had the huge, powerful jaws of real dogs, unsettling on such spry bipedal bodies. One looked like a pitbull, the other a husky, and their stares seemed to knife across the air itself. Their hands clutched at their beers like they were trying to strangle them. Their hackles raised subtly in the dark. But the pig noticed. She shied away from the table with her head down and hurried back behind the relative safety of the counter. The dogs watched her the whole way, their eyes burning and full of threats.

Their waitress said nothing else to them the rest of the night, even when she held open the door as Clint awkwardly ducked his head to make it through the low-slung front door.

The night kept rolling like a loose marble at the back of Clint’s mind. He watched the moody sky and the rain-speared wind that tugged at the trees. There was something brewing in this little town. He could feel it in every narrowed eye watching him from behind shudders and blinds. Their tent was at the very edge of town, and they walked through a narrow cluster of small, brightly-colored cottages to reach the bridge across the narrow river and into the woods. 

Daphne stopped under the shade of a wide-skirted cedar tree and pulled out her map. She held it out for Clint to see.

Then something occurred to Clint as he stood staring at her map. “Hey,” he said. “So you still have your copy of the Rules?”

“Of course.” Daphne reached into her backpack and pulled out her battered copy of *The Inferno*. Inside was a battered and folded copy of the Rules. In the upper corner, he saw that horrible scarlet number: 46. But there was a new number below it, one that had never existed before:

**Players on your level: 3**

“Oh, shit,” Clint said. “That’s invaluable.”

“I can’t believe I never thought to check it last level.” Daphne’s brows drew together in frustration. “That would have helped *so much*.”

Then a familiar voice from behind them said, “I *guess* I could have told you about it.”

Daphne shrieked in surprise, but Clint found himself surprisingly unphased. He had gotten used to Virgil hovering wordlessly somewhere above or behind him, waiting for the right moment for a surprise interjection. But when he glanced over his shoulder, the boy barely looked like himself. His ethereal glow was dim and grey as the sky overhead, and his hair wilted, soaked through by the storm. His face looked serious and drawn, his harrowed eyes rimmed with dark circles. As if he had not shut his eyes once since Clint found him. 

“This place,” Virgil observed, pulling a bright red umbrella out of the air, “is fucking shit.”

“Where have you been?” Daphne asked, curious and wary all at once.

Their guide shrugged, and he barely hid his wince when he did. He did not seem his usual bouncy self, so full of boundless (if spiteful) energy. Clint looked the boy up and down and wondered what the lord of hell had done to Virgil. What sort of things would happen to a spirit who chose to break character.

Virgil was back in the clothes he wore the day Clint first met him: plain jeans, a black sweater. He looked smaller than he ever had, burrowed under the cowl of his hood, soaked as a kitten. He cleared his throat, uncomfortably. “Being reprimanded, I suppose.”

Clint frowned at him. “Are you okay?”

“You don’t have to pretend to be worried about me.” Virgil’s smile was twisted, bitter. “You have some fruit-collecting to do, I think. Grind for some coins.” The boy glanced around before pulling a cigarette out of the air. He drew on it like it was a familiar and welcome burn.

Clint had to bite back the immediate impulse to chastise him, *Aren’t you a little young for that?* The look on Virgil’s face was old and heavy as a mountain, and he stared at the sky like he could tell exactly what it was thinking. He just shoved his hands in his sweater pockets. “Do you think you’re allowed to give us any other hints?”

He shrugged. “I’m on what you would call *thin ice*, friendo.”

Daphne toyed with the tails of her backpack straps, nervously. “What does that mean?”

“It means, and I quote, I must be *very careful* with my words.” Virgil twisted his neck and grimaced in obvious pain. “I can say you should get to know both sides of the story before you chose how to react tomorrow.”

“Something’s happening tomorrow?” Daphne darted a panicked look to Clint.

He murmured, “We’ll be fine,” even though he had no idea what Virgil meant. Even though he too could not stop thinking of what Daphne had read them out of *The Inferno* last night. The way those animals in the pubs had watched them like a pack of hungry wolves.

There might be a use for Malina’s shotgun in this level after all. But he would not frighten Daphne with the heaviness of reality. Not until he had to.

Something lingered behind Virgil’s eyes when he looked at Clint. Something unspoken. Something it seemed he desperately wanted to share. Clint reached out and squeezed Daphne’s forearm, nodded to the fruit trees up the way. “Could you go start looking for things we could sell? I’ll be there in just a second.”

Daphne’s eyes welled with questions, but she was smart enough to pick up on his tone. She swallowed her arguments and made for the hill with her backpack swinging loosely from her shoulders. She turned to watch them as she walked.

When she was far into the grove of trees, Clint asked, his voice low, “So what *did* happen to you?”

“Do you think Death won’t hear you if you whisper?” Virgil spat out a humorless laugh. “Formal reprimanding.” He did not offer Clint anything more in the way of spoken explanation, but when Virgil turned to leave he lifted up the back of his sweatshirt just enough for Clint to see the crisscross of scabs lining his lower back in oozing welts. He tugged his sweatshirt smoothly back down, as if he’d only been readjusting.

When Clint raised his eyes back to Virgil’s in dismay and horror, the boy stared back at him, unsmiling. Clint did not know what to call the emotion he saw there: heartbreak and fear all at once.

“You’ll understand,” the boy murmured, “why I may be careful, moving forward.”

“I do,” Clint said, so softly he could barely hear himself over the rattle of the rain against Virgil’s umbrella.

Their guide wisped away like fog in the freezing morning.

When Clint trudged down into the muddy grove, Daphne had already filled the backpack with fruit. She beamed at him.

But a voice from behind one of the trees startled them. It was a young man, this one nearly a normal-sized human. He had a muttdog and a woman at his side, her hair a dyed silver and braided, intricately. He wielded a hoe, and she carried an ax heaved over one shoulder. She swung it through the air reflexively as they stared Clint and Daphne down.

“Can we help you folks out?” the man asked.

And the woman added, before either could speak, “I don’t believe anyone gave you *permission* to take our crop, little lady.”

Clint took the backpack from Daphne and held it out to them as a shitty peace offering. “I’m sorry,” he said. “We’re from out of town. The villagers said we could just come in and take what we needed from the forest.”

The woman dropped her ax in the mud to bury her face in both hands and groan. “Goddammit, Ben. This shit again.”

“What do you mean?” Clint asked, feigning perfect innocence. 

“I wouldn’t call our town-faring neighbors the most hospitable folks this side of the mountain.” Ben—the woman’s husband, Clint guessed—sighed, heavily. He took the backpack from Clint. “Well. Guess you’d better come on in, and we’ll make all this into a pie, maybe.”

Daphne looked at Clint in anxious delight. When the two people turned away and stomped back down the path whence they came, Daphne hurried to Clint’s side and whispered low to him, “Do you think these are some of the farmers the villagers were talking about?”

Clint thought of Malina waking up alone in that tent. Hoped her ankle was healed enough that she could at least be mobile, defensible.

But there were only three people in their level. And she was Malina. Of course she would be safe.

“I hope so,” he murmured back to her.

Together, he and Daphne followed the strangers deeper into the forest.
***
 || 
***
Clint hoped that the rain would let up by the time they reached the town, but if anything it seemed to rain with a renewed vengeance. From the crest of the hill, Sunny Town was a tiny community, a little scattering of houses and farms knit together by a bright spiderweb of light in its center. He could only presume that was the town’s main square. It was so small, he could not even see any roads as they skirted the mountain, though the gently winding track overlooked the little town.

The train found its stop and screeched to a halt with a belch of smoke. Clint helped Malina off the train and stood for a moment arching his back in the pelting rain. It was a cold, leaden downpour that speared through his sweater, soaking him almost instantly. 

Behind them, the cat paused on the step to open its umbrella, which was speckled in flowers. It looked at Clint, Malina, and Daphne with a look that was all at once piteous and distrustful.

“Excuse me,” Clint called out to the creature. 

The cat stopped and turned to stare up at him. She came up barely to his hip and blinked at him with impossibly huge eyes. Her tail twitched. “What?”

“Is there a hospital or something here?”

“You can buy medicine at the store,” she told him, flatly. And then the cat started to flounce away.

“But what do you do if someone’s hurt?” Clint continued, raising his voice over the falling rain. “My friend sprained her ankle.”

Malina clung slumped against his back like a dead weight. She was so tired that she let her head rest against his shoulder.

The cat shrugged back at him. “We don’t get hurt.” And she kept walking, stepping daintily, as if afraid of getting water inside her rain boots.

For a moment, the three stood staring at each other in bewilderment and exhaustion.

Daphne fumbled open her backpack and pawed around inside. “We have thirty coins left,” she said. She looked up at Clint, anxiously. “Is that enough? Will medicine even help?”

“Don’t you worry about me, baby,” Malina muttered into Clint’s shoulder, voice slow and steady, as if she were falling asleep. She lifted her head to smile at Daphne. “I’ll be fine. I’d be surprised if the game doesn’t fix me up in a day or two.” She slapped Clint’s still-healing shoulder, which made him wince. “*He* got it easy. Anyway, all any of us need is a good night’s rest, anyway.”

Together, they set down the cobblestone path toward town. The path was lined in clusters of perfect-looking daffodils and tulips and mums, wilting under the weight of the rain. The houses were like brightly-colored little squares, and furred faces peered through the windows as they passed. Clint caught a squirrel glaring through its window so suspiciously, he would have found it humorous under any other circumstance. But the humanity in its face was unsettling, uncanny. He snapped his stare forward and squinted against the pelting rain.

The path led them to the town square, really more of a circle. A massive tree sat in the center before a wilting city hall. It looked as if it had endured repair after repair, and the repairs were no longer holding. The shutters sagged, and the shingles fluttered on the roof like flyaway hair when the wind surged over it. There were a few shops in the town center: a hairstylist, general store, clothing store, a gardening center, a farm and feed store, even a little cafe with a piping chimney. But the center of town was scant, and not a villager was in sight.

“This is stupid,” Malina growled. She struggled for a moment like she wanted Clint to put her down, but he tightened his arms over her thighs, sternly.

“Nope,” he said. “Your ankle looks like shit. You’re bad at taking care of yourself, so now I’m doing it.”

Malina groaned and clung onto Clint’s neck. But before she could ramp up her argument, someone emerged from city hall.

And they were human.

They were still smallish, compared to what Clint had expected. She looked like a full-grown adult, but she stood an inch or two shorter than Daphne. She wore a wrinkled blazer, smudged glasses, and a constant look of exhaustion. Her hair was pale lavender, suspended in a messy bun.

“Oh,” she said, her tiredness digging deep furrows on her brow as she surveyed them. “Don’t tell me you’re moving here.”

“Gee, thanks,” Malina said. “That was welcoming.”

The woman passed her a sharp look. “I’m the mayor,” she explained, “and it’s not the most *fun* job in the world, okay? I should have just stayed a farmer, but they elected me, and I thought it would be a *good* thing.” She sighed and waved it all away. “But that’s beside the point. How can I help you folks today?” She tried on a smile that must have looked much sunnier, at some point.

“Maybe we should get inside.” Clint nodded up at the black, swollen sky. “Out of the rain.”

The mayor looked up in mild surprise, as if she had forgotten about the cold spears of water raining down on them. “Oh. I guess I’ve gotten quite used to it.” She turned back toward city hall and opened the door, which groaned, heavily, as if protesting its own use. Inside, the front atrium was small and dimly lit by a single flickering bulb overhead. It looked as if it had once been grand, the walls covered in murals half-buried under filth and dust. The panels had exquisite carvings worn into the wood, curving leaves and flowers, their cracks filled with dust.

“I’ll show you to my office,” the mayor said with a sigh, as if she were saying the word *cell*. 

Clint glanced down at Daphne, who was looking around with a mixture of little girl wonder and abject horror. As if she could not quite accept seeing this particular warping of this particular type of game. She murmured to the mayor, “What’s your name?”

“Ciacco.” She opened up the door to her office. It was just as old as the rest of the city, its knob heavy metal, its dark exterior worn shiny by years of hands and paws. The rusty hinges squealed as the mayor let them inside. “I’ve been here four long years.” Wearily, the mayor sank into her desk chair. She clutched her limp bangs in both hands and squeezed at the roots of her hair, a nervous habit. 

“Are you trapped here?” Clint asked, bewildered.

“No one leaves Sunny Town.” The mayor pulled at her sleeves uncomfortably and sank behind her desk, which was a flood of rolled up blueprints and haphazard stacks of paperwork.

“Not even the villagers?” Daphne’s frown deepened. 

“Please,” the mayor said, “shut the door.”

With the door shut, the office seemed even more like a broom closet. There was a small window with thick glass panes, blurry with rain. Two chairs sat in front of the desk, and Ciacco disappeared for a few minutes to scavenge a third: a folding chair with a spider creeping across its seat. Clint’s belly surged with a familiar fear; he’d never been able to deal with spiders, in the real world. But this was hell, and he’d been shot at a hundred times already and lived, so he flicked the spider off the seat and settled down on it.

“Miserable day,” Malina observed as Clint set her down in one of the more comfortable chair. “Do you all have a hospital, perchance?”

“There’s a hospital in Meridian.” Ciacco bobbed her head toward the wall behind her. “East, the way you just came. It’s about three hours by train.”

“That’s your closest hospital?” Malina gaped around at the room in disbelief. “What little asshole of hell are we even *in* right now?”

Clint passed her a sharp look which meant what she obviously took from it—*shut the fuck up, Malina, seriously?*—because she quieted.

But to his surprise, the mayor started to laugh. “I’ve asked myself that question a hundred times over, I think.” She regarded Malina over the rim of her glasses. Despite her smirk, there was an urgent seriousness in Ciacco’s eyes, as if there was something hiding within her words that she hoped Malina could find. “But there are worse fates for someone like me than a place like this, you understand?”

Malina narrowed her eyes. “I don’t think I do. Could you explain what you mean?”

But the mayor only leaned back in her chair and coughed. She straightened the paperwork in front of her. “Of course, most towns around here aren’t maintained by mayors as philanthropic as I am.” She turned to the cabinets behind her desk and opened one of them up. Inside were stacks of orange canvas, bundled tightly, along with a box full of slender canvas bags, sitting there almost like arrows in a quiver. The mayor tossed one on the desk. “Most places make you bring your *own* tent.”

“Sorry?” Clint said.

Ciacco looked at them all as if she was tired of this question. “Did you see a hotel when you walked into town?”

“Man, fuck this game.” Malina started to rise to her feet and paused when Clint leapt up to offer her a hand. She relented and flopped back into her chair with the air of a frustrated child.

“I don’t know what you mean,” the mayor replied, flatly, not even looking up from her desk.

Daphne’s look mirrored Clint’s own suspicion. It looked like she too remembered what Virgil had said about the people in these places throughout hell. And this one seemed to hate her job.

“Thank you,” Clint said. He handed off the tent and its poles to Daphne, then offered his hand to Ciacco for a handshake. Her hand was tiny, and cold, and she squeezed his fingers like she was trying to say something. “For the tent,” he said. And then he released her hand.

“You can get some medicine at the general store,” the mayor offered.

“What the fuck is some ibuprofen going to do for a sprained ankle?”

“You may be surprised,” the mayor answered with a smile. “It is pretty good medicine.”
***
 || 

***

##LEVEL THREE: GLUTTONY

Clint and Malina emerged from the tunnel together. Daphne had beaten them to the light by several minutes, and when she didn’t reappear, part of Clint dreaded what he might find when he finally reached the surface.

But the world beyond the tunnel was so placid and perfect it nearly looked fake. The grass stretched in all directions in perfect, even lengths, minding a few tufts of weeds here and there. The fruit grew huge and shiny in trios on the trees, as if placed there. Daphne sat in the shade of one of those trees, looking around in awe. Her face and clothes were smeared an ashy gray, and Clint imagined he looked similarly worn. 

When Daphne saw Clint and Malina emerge, she leapt to her feet.

“There’s a train station,” she explained, “up ahead. If you go too far into the forest, you’ll hit this invisible wall. Like… a barrier.” Daphne gestured toward the trees to her left, where the fruit trees turned into a close-growing pine and maple and cedar. Light shone through the branches in dappled streaks, and through it beetles and butterflies buzzed from tree to tree, flower to flower. The butterflies looked huge and unreal in the gentle afternoon light.

The circle entrance looked like a burrow dug out by some sort of immense creature long ago. It sat like a great open maw in an otherwise picture-perfect little valley. To the west, toward the descending sun, the field stretched on flatly, though whatever it held disappeared beyond the crest of the glen. 

Daphne skipped up the grassy hill, her backpack rattling with all its useless coins, the heavy Glock whose chamber Clint hoped she kept clear. (Of course she had, he chastised himself, instantly, she was young, not stupid.)

Malina looked up the hill, her eyes bleary and red-rimmed with exhaustion. “Do you think this town will have a magic fix it doctor?”

“We can hope it does.” Clint held out his arm to her, and Malina groaned and fell into him. As if she was tired of needing all this *help*.

They walked up the hill together. At the top they found the grass stretching flatly, almost infinitely, north and south. Ahead of them, the grass stopped abruptly as it turned into the base of a mountain that seemed distant and immediate all at the same time. Like a cardboard cutout erected against the autumn blue sky. But before the mountain began, there was a narrow train track, stretching out as far as Clint could see in either direction. It was marked with a single pale blue sign, which said: 

TRAIN TO SUNSHINE TOWN ARRIVING IN: 4 MINUTES

“Sunshine Town. Delightful.” Malina flopped down onto the pale yellow bench beside the sign. She rolled up her pant leg, wincing. The dark skin of her calf was nearly black and swollen so thick that she could barely roll her pants over it. “Ah, shit,” she sighed. “I hope this little fucking town has a hospital or something.”

Daphne frowned at Malina’s leg. “That doesn’t look good.”

“It’s not good,” Malina agreed, sourly.

“You’re not walking anymore until we find a doctor.” Clint gave her a look so sharp that Malina opened her mouth to argue and shut it again. “We may heal more quickly here, but aggravating it over and over again is just going to make it take forever to improve.”

“Fuck! Fine. You’re right.”

She started to protest further when Clint told her to elevate it on the park bench, but even she looked exhausted. As if all this fleeing and killing was finally starting to get to her, too. “You’re right, okay?” she relented.

Clint knelt to help her swing her leg up, he saw the words embossed into the wood so lightly, he could only make them out at a certain light.

“Daphne,” he murmured, “where’s that in the book?”

Daphne tilted her head and, when she finally saw it just right, her face bloomed in a smile. “Oh, that I recognize.” She thumbed through her book and then stopped, tapping the page so hard she nearly dropped her book. She read aloud:

“‘But tell me,   
if you can, what shall be the fate

of the citizens within the riven city?
Are any in it just?’”

“Spooky,” Malina said, but she didn’t look so sarcastic this time.

“Keep reading,” Clint urged Daphne. “What happens next?”

The girl started thumbing through the canto.

Just then, the train came trundling up toward them. It looked… not quite right. As if the edges of it were too chunky and soft, like something out of a cartoon. Its smoke plumed too thickly, and when it screeched to a halt, it seemed so small that Clint was sure he’d have to squat down inside just to fit.

“What the fuck,” he muttered, to himself.

“It’s so cute!” Daphne cried, in surprise and delight. She closed the book and jammed it back in her backpack.

The conductor leaned out the window and barked at them in a surprisingly deep voice, “Are you getting on or what?” The conductor looked more or less like a *real* fox: his face was narrow and distinguished, his small black eyes bright and full of intelligence. But the rest of his body was shaped nearly like a child, his paws more like fingers with sharp, needlelike claws. He seemed irritated by the looks of shock and confusion they all presented him with. “I’ll be making my way back around in about thirty if you *really* want to wait.”

Malina glanced down at her broken watch and laughed at herself, humorously, when she realized it still didn’t work.

Clint turned to Malina and gave her a preemptive serious look. “You have to let me help you,” he reminded her.

“I know,” she sighed, and she held up her arms toward him.

Clint picked her up, one arm under her knees, the other behind her shoulders. They got two steps into the cabin car—which was so short that Clint had to crumple himself over Malina just to get through the door—before the ticket inspector put up a huge paw to stop them. He appeared to be a polar bear dressed in a smart navy jacket, lined with shiny gold buttons from his neck to his belly.

“Tickets, please,” the inspector implored them.

Daphne, who was the first on the train, wilted. She gripped her backpack straps tightly. “We don’t have any tickets.”

“You need one,” he said, with flat impatience. He and Daphne were roughly the same height—a bit over five feet tall—but the canines that showed when he sighed made the bear seem so much larger. More dangerous. “It’s ten coins apiece.”

The girl slung her bag off her shoulder and pawed around inside. She offered the polar bear one of the coins still left from the last level. “Do you take these?” she asked.

“I could just kill this fuckin’ bear,” Malina whispered into Clint’s ear. “We could hijack a train.”

Clint shushed her and bit back his smile. His shoulders ached from bending over like this, and Malina seemed ten pounds heavier with every passing minute.

The bear flicked its ear and looked at her, sourly. Clint felt his ears redden and wondered if these creatures were like their real world counterparts, if their every sense was better than a human’s. If the bear heard Malina, he didn’t seem to take her comment seriously enough to do anything about it. Instead, he plucked the coin out of Daphne’s hand and held it delicately between his paws. He squinted, examining it.

“You must be from out of town,” the bear rumbled. “I don’t know the conversions for these.” He weighed the coin out in his palm, thoughtfully, and examined its backside. “Huh. You folks are coming all the way from Micro City, then?”

Daphne’s look lightened, less mortification, more tentative hope. “Have you heard of it?”

“Oh, distantly. It’s a long journey from there to here.” He laughed, a deep, rumbling noise. “Not many train stops between there and here, you know.” The ticket inspector held out his paws, cupped. “I will accept seven per person, since I’m not familiar with the denomination.”

The girl glanced backward to Malina and Clint for approval. Clint just nodded at her, hoping the look on his face said *just pay the damn bear whatever he wants*. His face was starting to feel hot and sweaty from holding up Malina and folding his body down just to fit in this child-sized train.

Daphne dumped most of their remaining coins into the bear’s paws. The conductor dropped them into his pocket, where the coins seemed to flatten and vanish. He offered them three tickets, the PAID box punched through in the shape of a tiny sun.

Clint peered past him. There were a few other animals on this train, but most of them seemed to be more or less the same size: smallish and nearly human, if one could ignore the animal heads and paws and twitching ears. 

“We hope you enjoy your stay in Sunshine,” the inspector murmured, turning back to sink heavily onto the bench and wipe his furry forehead. The bear’s voice had a distinct growl, as if even his throat were toothed.

Clint deposited Malina down in the middle of the train as gently as he could and flopped down next to her, panting hard. “Is everything in the world this fucking *tiny?*” he groaned, half to himself. 

“I think I’ve totally played this game before,” Daphne murmured when they got past the inspector.

Malina smirked around at the inside of the train, which was all bright pale yellows. One of the only other passengers on the train, a cat in purple overalls, smiled and waved when Malina caught her eyes. “This is a weird game.”

“It’s weirder in real life,” Daphne admitted.

The cat’s pupils narrowed into knifing slits, and it roved its amber eyes forward again.

They sat silent for the rest of the train ride, listening to the wheels squeak and the coal engine belch through the open windows. As they wound a ribbon along the base of the mountain, elephant-shaped and cresting the clouds, the blue skies began to fade behind them. The sky went dappled grey, and the wind blew so insistently that Clint, Daphne, and the cat ran up and down the length of the train car, shutting windows. 

Meanwhile, the inspector sat sighing and teasing them, “What? A little cold air never hurt anyone.”

The train hurtled through sheets of rain toward Sunshine Town.
***
 || 
***
Clint did not have to find a good excuse to leave. Ben did not even offer to pour him a cup of the coffee he brewed.

The wind outside had picked up, and it snapped itself urgently against the windows.

“Storm’s plum awful,” Nancy observed. She put a few handfuls of cherries in Daphne's backpack and handed it back to her. "Sorry it's not a better breakfast, or a longer welcome," she'd said, "but you'd best be getting back."

When they returned to camp, the tent was gone. Clint’s heart surged upward in immediate panic. He turned toward Daphne and asked, “Did you bring your pistol?” and he knew before he even saw the panicked look bloom on her face that she had not. Of course she hadn’t; Nancy had emptied the backpack right in front of them.

“Fuck and damn it all,” Clint muttered under his breath as they hurried through the deepening rain. Overhead, thunder cracked and growled low, as if in warning. 

“Where do you think she could be?” Daphne asked, raising her voice over the rain.

But Clint did not pause to answer her. He just kept running. He burst into each of the tiny stores on main street one at a time. He felt like he had broken into a Munchkinland film set. Everything was pristinely adorable inside, and totally empty. But Malina was nowhere to be found. At the last shop, the general store, the shopkeeper seemed to recognize Clint. He was a meticulous little creature, a gerbil with a distinctly anxious air. 

Clint stood in the open doorway and demanded, “Have you seen that woman who was with us yesterday? You remember?”

He twiddled his tiny fingers around his glasses chain and bobbed his head in a nod. “I remember. You were here.”

“Have you seen her?”

“I’m sure she’s fine,” Daphne tried to say, but Clint held up a hand and shushed her without looking back at her.

“N-no, I haven’t seen anybody.”

“Where the hell *is* everybody in this town?”

The gerbil spread his paws in helpless confusion. “Perhaps there’s been a meeting of some kind.”

Clint growled in frustration and slammed the door shut as he turned back to the rain. He rattled the pub doors, but they were firmly locked. The sign on the door said that it would be closed another hour and a half.

Daphne patted Clint’s shoulder so hard it nearly stung. He spun around, broken away from his blitzing thoughts.

The sky roared as she spoke, but he followed the line of her pointed finger. There, at the very edge of the town square, sat city hall. He could only just see a few animals standing there soaking and scowling. When he and Daphne hurried closer, he could see it more fully: a group of villagers assembled outside of city hall in a little field of umbrellas. Some of them carried shovels and garden hoes. Some even came bearing axes. Their outrage was a low and constant hum resonating amongst them. The doors to city hall stood firmly shut before them, so they pelted it with words instead.

“God,” Clint muttered. “What’s this fucking crowd for?”

The front doors to city hall banged open, and Malina stepped out. She was no longer limping nor babbling. She stood with her shotgun poised over her shoulder, a backpack Clint had never seen before hanging heavy from her shoulders. Maybe she had stolen it. Maybe she collected enough to find it. But she did not seem to notice Clint and Daphne there. She just stared down at all the animals gathered before them.

“The fuck is *this* all about?” she asked.

The mayor hovered halfway behind Malina, small as a child and just as afraid. She looked as if she couldn’t decide if she should stand tall or try to let Malina’s height hide her.

“We’ve come to talk to our mayor,” answered one of the creatures in the front. Clint recognized her instantly: the cat from the train. He had never seen such human looks in distinctly animal faces: rage and betrayal and dismay. “This is a public meeting by and for citizens of Sunshine Town.” 

“Yeah?” Malina said, her voice full of challenge. Clint could see it in her eyes: *say what you mean, you fluffy little fuck.*

“Non-citizens,” said a dog near the front, his teeth bared, “are not *welcome*.” It took Clint only another moment to recognize him; he had been one of the villagers scowling him down at the pub the night before. 

“I’m thinking about moving here. I think I should qualify as a quasi-citizen.” Malina smirked, derisively. She glanced sideways at Clint and Daphne and grinned. Her thick curly hair was pasted down to her skull with the rain, but she looked better than she had in days. Happy and alive and whole. 

Clint smiled, relief filling his chest. 

Daphne leaned against Clint’s side, as if trying to obscure herself from the crowd. Like she wasn’t even aware she was doing it. She murmured, “Should we go over and help her?”

“Malina’s fine. We should just see what happens.”

And he believed that. None of those animals had a shotgun, at the very least. There seemed to be at least twenty or thirty creatures in that crowd, as if the whole town had turned out to face their mayor as one. So they stood there in the cover of a young peach tree and watched.

As the crowd began spitting arguments back at Malina, the mayor Ciacco stepped forward from behind her. She put her fists on her hips and squinted through the rain. If she was trying for dignity, she was failing at it, massively. The rain kept tugging at her already-ruined bun, and her falling hair stuck to her neck like little purple snakes. She said, tiredly, “What can I do for all y’all, then?”

The group started trying to speak as one until the pub owner spread his massive wings and shushed them all. He was nearly the largest of the creatures, and his wingspan was nearly as wide as Daphne was tall. The other animals silenced each other, and for a moment, the only sound in Sunshine Town was the rain, plunking constant and everywhere.

Finally the barn owl spoke, his voice deep and gentle. He said, “Ever since your election, Mayor Ciacco, you have done nothing but implement policies that favor your former fellowmen.”

“Jesus Christ.” Ciacco grabbed her soaking bangs in her fist and twisted it, anxiously. “Does *everything* come back to me being a farmer? I sold my property and moved into town for you lot. I’ve been—”

But the owl spoke over her, “It comes back to this because the farmers pay the least in taxes and get the most benefit. They get the most subsidies and cuts and programs specifically for their benefit.”

“And they produce most of the food that we eat.”

“Perhaps if you offered similar benefits to us townfolk, we could do the same.”

The mayor scoffed and shook her head. She had a kind of brokenness on her face. Like she could not believe she was chasing this argument in another circle. She spat out, “You know? No. Any of you could have taken a homesteading grant. Hell, any of you still *could*. But you *aren’t* and *didn’t* and I’m not going to punish a group of people you don’t like because… because why? You don’t want to pay as much in taxes?”

“We want a mayor who represents *all* the people,” the barn owl snapped. His feathers were sleek and shiny with rain, his eyes as wickedly sharp as his talons. “Not just her past neighbors.”

“I do represent all the people. Although I do have to ask *why* any of you—” now she turned to address the crowd as a whole, her anger clear on her face “—would damage your own town hall, knowing that you’ll have to pay to fix it out of your own taxes. I mean, did whoever did that think it through… even a little bit?”

“Violence,” the pub owner answered, his voice brittle and sharp, “is what happens when words fail.”

Malina’s hand tightened on the stock of her shotgun.

“If this is that important to you all,” Ciacco said, “then let us call a real meeting tomorrow. Out of the rain.” She nodded over her shoulder at the slumping town hall. “We’ll meet here. Everyone will get their chance to air their grievances against me. Okay?” She squinted out at the crowd until she saw one of the town’s fastest runners, a petite creature with the head of a gazelle. She even looked like she had hooves for hands, and she clicked them together nervously when Ciacco pointed at her. “You. Giselle. And…” She pointed out another animal in the crowd, the zebra that Malina had thoroughly weirded out at the pub the night before. “You, Monty. If you could kindly help alert the farmers—”

The owl interrupted her, “This is a town hall meeting for actual members of our town. Not our neighbors.” 

“What, Quincy, did you get elected speaker for everyone?” the mayor snapped. “You can’t make statements for a whole group of people.”

“In fact, I did, and I can.” The owl puffed up his chest, his feathers ruffled in indignation. “I have been listening to everyone’s rumbling and groaning about you for months, Mayor. And we have decided as a group that we will not sit by and let you change our town and everything we have ever stood for.”

“Then don’t vote for me!” she said, her voice rising to a shrill yell.

“We didn’t!” someone else hollered out of the crowd. “The farmers did!”

“Well, *some* of you had to have, for the math to work out.” Ciacco’s cheeks were bright red and burning. “We will discuss all of this tomorrow. You are welcome to reconvene here at six tomorrow evening. But now I’m going to go back inside and get some work done. Because this—all of you standing here and shouting at me—isn’t how democracy happens, folks.”

Malina stood there, staring down the crowd, until the mayor opened up the door and disappeared back into the building.

The villagers began murmuring amongst themselves, a dull roar of disaffection. Someone belted out above them, “Why the hell are you even up there?” at Malina.

“Bad timing,” Malina answered, honestly. She descended the steps and walked through the crowd, which opened itself up to let her pass through. She stood nearly a head taller than every creature there. Even the barn owl—Quincy, Clint reminded himself—was a few inches smaller. But every eye traced that gun resting against her shoulder.

Malina surprised Clint by marching over to them and throwing her arms around both of them in a quick, tight hug. “Jesus,” she said. “You scared me. I thought something was wrong. I woke up and you were both gone.”

“Sorry. We… got a bit caught up.” Clint bit back the urge to tell her everything then and there. The villagers were beginning to disperse, and it seemed that most of them glared at Malina as they walked past. As if she was part of the problem just by standing at the mayor’s side. “What were you doing in there?”

“Looking for you two. And Ciacco started telling me this long miserable story.” She rolled her eyes and waved it away. “It’s just stupid animal drama. We need to figure out how to get out of this level.”

Clint wanted to ask her about the tent and the guns. But instead he just nodded and watched the animals watching them, their eyes drawn as hidden daggers. “We’ve got a lot to tell you.” The barn owl skirted past their group, and his eyes locked onto Clint like a threat. But he said nothing and kept walking back to his pub. “Somewhere more private than this.”

He knew from the looks on Daphne’s and Malina’s faces that they agreed: they couldn’t trust anyone in this town anymore.
***
 || 
***
I wrote this chapter last week, scrapped it, and rewrote it. I think it's much better for it ;) Part 16 is up on Patreon now for all supporters! Thanks so much for reading <3
***
My mind pulsed and spun, trying to get my bearings in this conversation. It had taken so little time to utterly warp my sense of normal. The record hummed along to the next song, which opened with a velvet ribbon of a saxophone solo, unfurling between us. I tried to track the rising ebb of the song, to keep myself grounded in time.

Everything she said sounded insane. Which wasn’t out of the question, necessarily. If this really was some anarchist or anti-fascist or fucking whatever group willing to kidnap four strangers, they would need to be run by an absolute crazy person. 

I said, forcing my voice to stay even and low, “What does that mean? World-Ender?”

Sherman groaned and slumped down in her hoodie. Now it was her turn to finish her drink a gulp. She grimaced at the taste and kept her stare fixed on one of the tapestries hanging from the wall. The inner circle was a deep and angry crimson that burst out in a sunset of tie dye.

“It means exactly what it sounds like. You have the power to change everything we have ever known, for better or for worse. If you decided flying cars would be great, we’d all wake up in an episode of the fucking *Jetsons*. Or if you thought we would all be better off without governments, they would vanish off the face off the earth. Do you grasp that? How profoundly world-changing that is?”

I held her stare, unwavering. “I have figured out to be very careful with my thoughts,” I said through my teeth. “If that’s what you mean.”

The song arced into its chorus. The woman on the record sounded like her heart was breaking in her very hands.

Sherman’s lips quirked in a grin. “Well, we’re all grateful for that, I’m sure. The point is simple: your powers have awakened. The fate of everything now stands on a tipping point. And no matter which way you push those dominoes, they will fall.” She jammed her hands in her pocket hoodie pocket and held my gaze like she was trying to read secrets behind my eyes. “No matter how we choose to act now, your existence means the end of the world as we know it. Avis isn’t the only one who’s foreseen that, believe me.”

I couldn’t help but laugh. It sounded like a script, and a bad one. Every second down here, it seemed more and more likely that I’d been lured into a mad woman’s delusion. 

“And you’re here to, what? Kill me?”

Sherman just blinked at me. “Do you think I should?”

My tired brain wheeled uselessly. There was no telling what kind of weapons she hid under those baggy clothes. I had to remind myself I didn’t even know what her power was yet. A vague feeling of helplessness squeezed around my gut, but I didn’t let it show.

Instead, I kept my face smooth and emotionless and told her, “Wouldn’t that be the most logical thing? If you really think I’m that dangerous.”

Now Sherman smiled, and the warmth in it made me shift, uncomfortably, in my chair. “Some people would argue that we can end a broken world to start a new one.”

The roof overhead groaned. A scattering of dust rained on us through the floorboards. It was an awful reminder that we weren’t alone here, and I still had no idea just how many people were in this house. 

I considered the drink in my hand. The honey-colored liquid swished behind the delicate diamond pattern of the glass. “So,” I said, carefully, “you mean to tell me you rescued me from the FBI so you could use me instead.” I scoffed under my breath. “Brilliant.”

“Not use you. No. Work with you.” Sherman pushed herself up out of her chair. She dipped her head toward one of the tapestries suspended from the wall, trailing from floor to ceiling. “Come on. Let me show you something.”

I stood up uncertainly and refilled my drink. Whatever the hell was going on here, I wanted to be comfortably tipsy for it. Just enough to release the hot steam of my anxiety as much as I could. 

Sherman loped over to the sheet and pried down the tack holding its bottom corner in place. She lifted it back to reveal the open maw of a tunnel, staring back at us. Sloping down deeper under the earth. Wood beams shouldered the weight of the tunnel. It reminded me of an old mining shaft, or a tomb.

The gang leader caught my wide-eyed, reluctant stare and grinned. “Come on,” she teased, “if I wanted to kill you I’d do it upstairs. At least then I wouldn’t have to drag your body back out again.”

“How reassuring,” I muttered, but I followed her. I was grateful I’d brought my drink as anxiety drummed and boiled in my belly.

Sherman ran her hand along the dirt wall until she came to a beaded string. She yanked it, and a dull amber light filled the tunnel. A long coil of light lead down the dirt tunnel.

I tilted my head and grimaced after her. Worst case scenarios spun themselves up in my mind. I needed details. A plan. “So,” I said, half-constructing the story in case I had to figure out a way the hell out of here, “is Sherman your last name or something?”

The smirk she gave me was knife-sharp and knowing. Maybe she was like Izzy and could see my every hazy exhausted thought scatter across my mind. “Sherman’s the only name you’re getting.” 

“Fair enough.” But I didn’t move from where I stood halting in the doorway, looking doubtfully into the dim hallway. 

She stepped behind the tapestry and let it fall shut behind her. Her voice rose up from beyond it. “If you want some answers, you’ve at least got to have the balls to follow me.”

I pushed the tapestry aside and scowled at her. I hadn’t realized just how short she was until she stood beside me with the low dirt ceiling overhead. She was lucky if she came up to my collarbone, but she still looked up at me as if she was my weary parent.

I puffed myself up. “Forgive me for not being eager to follow a complete stranger into an underground tunnel. Particularly one who won’t trust me enough to tell me her full name.”

Sherman just laughed. “It’s not personal. Nobody knows.”

“Aren’t you the one who said I’m basically the chosen one?”

Another, darker thought sprang up in my mind: no matter what she said, I could just make her tell me when my energy refilled itself. 

If Sherman could read thoughts, she didn’t respond to that one. She only scoffed at my sarcasm and informed me, “You’re special, but you’re not that special.” She stuffed her hands in the pockets of her sweatpants and sauntered forward, following the vague downward slope of the tunnel.

I trailed after her and tried a different line of questioning. “So this is the bunker?”

“Sure is. This is the main tunnel. It goes way out under the old barley field. Never had to use it, but doesn’t hurt to have a good escape route, does it?”

“Escape from what?”

“Same people you’re running from. FBI, mainly. I don’t have many friends in high places.”

“So what are you, exactly? Your organization? I know my brother deals for you.”

She passed me an indifferent look. “Does he?”

I barked a laugh. “You don’t know whether or not you employ people who sell drugs for you?”

“Oh, I know I do. I just delegate all that.” She waved a dismissive hand. “It’s just funding, really. For our real purpose.”

“Which is?”

Sherman’s eyes gleamed as she stopped and turned to stare at me. “You.” 

“Me,” I repeated, voice thin with disbelief. I stopped a few inches short of her, staring her down.

“Yes. Finding you. Helping you. Training you.”

“But…” The gears of my mind chugged and spun like wheels in mud as I tried to find traction on this conversation. I took a slow sip and tried to hide how hard my glass shook in my hand. “But I’ve only known about it all of this morning. How could you already *know?* And have all this *shit?*” 

“Your friend out there, Izzy… do you think she’s the only telepath who’s ever existed?”

“What the fuck does that have to do with anything?”

Sherman just quirked her eyebrows. “Well, do you?”

“Of course I don’t.”

“So why would you be the first and only World-Ender?” 

Sherman gave me a thin, joyless smile as if that should be the end of it and kept walking.

I went dizzily after her.

***
 || 
***
Florence seemed to check the body count on her copy of the Rules compulsively. Every couple of minutes, Clint watched her extract that tattered paper from her pocket again and again and squint at it in the low light. And every time she must have been satisfied that the number was still four, because she shoved it back in her jeans and kept going.

They spent most of the night marching through darkness and rain, scrambling over thick undergrowth and boulders lined in carpets of moss. They paused often to squint at their maps in the darkness, to compare. Their trail to the first spot Ben had marked was wandering and serpentine, and eventually (after more walking than it really should have taken, Clint wanted to complain) they arrived at it. They found a steep gully with a thin creek running through its belly. For a moment they paused there on the ridge, listening to the sighing water. The rain had let it up to only a light drizzle, and Clint was relieved for it. The constant damp chilled him to his very bones.

Daphne seemed to have the worst of it. She stood shuddering like a newborn deer and staring at the maps, her hair gone dark blond and thick with the rain. Malina put both her arms around the girl and rubbed her shoulders, fiercely, trying to warm her up.

“Well,” Florence said, peering down into the valley, “this *can’t* be it.”

Clint shrugged. His exhaustion was like another being living inside of him, weighing down on his very bones. “We’ll go to the second spot, then.”

Daphne muttered, teeth chattering, “Do they have hy-hypothermia in this game?”

Florence gave her a wry grin. “I guess we’ll find out.” 

The moonlight speared its fingers through a brief break in the clouds. Daphne tried to hold the maps out for everyone to see, but she was shaking hard enough that Clint took them delicately from her hands. He traced the path on Ben’s map, trying to follow the thin dotted line of a deer trail he had marked in pencil. It was nearly impossible to see by the dim light of the moon.

“It should only be a couple more miles that way.” He pointed vaguely off west, where the forest was dense and thick.

“And if it isn’t?” Malina asked, her voice full of challenge and distrust.

“Then we’ll figure it out when the sun comes up.”

Malina leaned over close to hiss in Clint’s ear, “She’s the last person I’d like to be lost in the fucking woods with.”

“What was that?” Florence asked, her eyes narrowed in distrust. “Let’s go ahead and kill this whispering-about-me-in-front-of-me shit, alright, darling?”

“Okay, I will *loudly* say that I don’t trust you and don’t want to be lost in the goddamn forest with you.”

“Oh, the feeling is quite mutual.” Florence readjusted her rifle on her shoulder. “But I keep my promises: I won’t shoot you if you don’t shoot me. Got it?”

Daphne took off her backpack and pulled out one of the blankets that Malina had saved. She slung her pack back on and wrapped the blanket around herself, tightly. “Let’s either make camp or just keep going,” she said through her shivers.

Florence looked at her with a mixture of curiosity and muted admiration. “I elect for keep going.” She started to walk away, then paused and looked at everyone else. “I assume you’re all in favor?”

Malina scowled at Florence. Clint looked up at the rain as if there was a god up there to ask for help. He said at last, “I suppose we are.”

They kept stomping through the woods.

It took them nearly an hour and a half to reach the other spot that Ben had marked. The deer trail was there, thin and broken as a shed snake skin in the darkness. And when they followed it, it eventually curved around to nearly the edge of the map.

And there they found the last spot: a ravine so deep that it disappeared down into perfect darkness. Its sides were steep and slippery with rain. It was such a sharp decline that to Clint, it only looked passable for a mountain goat.

“Shit,” he gasped. He sat down on his ass in the mud, not even caring anymore about the wetness soaking his pants. Everything about him was sodden through. He felt like he was going to dissolve like salt. “Do we need gear or something?”

“Maybe it’s like the opening to the second level.” Florence peered forward, squinting, as if that would help her miraculously learn how to see in the dark. “And we only have to jump.”

“Go ahead and test that theory for us,” Malina said.

Florence gave her a barbed look.

Daphne dropped her rain-soaked blanket on the ground and shook her head, hard. “The book distinctly says that they climb down. It’s one of the only details it gives us.” She looked down at the ravine, her eyes wide with anxiety. She looked just as exhausted and bewildered as Clint felt. 

“I think Florence should take one for the team and try it anyway.”

To Clint’s surprise, that actually made the gang boss laugh. She said, “Of course you would cling to that idea.” She checked the Rules again for possibly the thousandth time that night. And then her smile waned. “Fuck,” she said. “He’s here.”

All three of them leapt up to crowd Florence and peer at her list. The number had shot up to twenty people on their level.

“Jesus fucking Christ,” Clint groaned. He rubbed at his forehead. “How many people did he take from you?”

“Twenty,” she said, her brows drawn together. Her scowl deepened. “He must have lost a few to Cerberus too.”

“He’s one hungry boy,” Malina observed with a smirk.

“Those were real people just like you,” Florence said, her voice low and drawn.

“Yeah, who betrayed you. So fuck them.” Malina stuck out her tongue and stared down at the abyss. “We need climbing gear,” she said.

“Sure, let’s go to the climbing gear store,” Clint agreed.

For the first time in hours, Daphne giggled. It was strangely reassuring, to share a smile with her and feel (for a moment) that the world was not collapsing after all. 

Malina leaned forward and hissed a sigh. “Yeah, it’s like a ten foot vertical drop to start off. There’s no getting down that alive without something.”

Florence joined her there at the edge of the abyss. They looked at each other sideways, like they were sharing the same dark thought. Both kept their hands firmly jammed in their pockets like a cease-fire. And then Florence ventured, “We could use pick-axes.”

“But we’d need something for our feet.”

“I have a couple of knives,” Florence started.

“They’d probably break,” Clint pointed out.

Daphne muttered, low, like she was scared of rebuttal but couldn’t help herself: “Or we’d stab ourselves”

Malina clapped her hands together and laughed. She turned to face the trio and moved away from the edge of the ravine. Florence stayed staring down the edge. “Railroad spikes.” Then she argued with herself before anyone else could react, “But how would we get them to stay on?”

“I’ve got duct tape in my pack,” Florence said. She looked up and grinned at their looks of astonishment. “Yeah, I know. I lucked the fuck out in the first round.”

“You played murder in the first round,” Malina corrected her, the edge returning to her voice again.

“Who *didn’t* play murder in the first round? I just social-engineered it.” She winked at Malina and nodded back east, back the way they had already come. “Guess we’d better keep walking.”

Daphne bent over to clutch her knees and make a sound that was half a laugh and half a cry. “I kind of hate this fucking game.”

Florence patted her shoulder—Daphne passed a shocked look to Clint—and smiled. “Me too, kid.” 

The girl didn’t offer her usual *I’m not a kid* rebuttal. She just stood looking a bit stunned, as if a rattlesnake had slithered past without striking her.

Their new team member just stood regarding them with mild irritation. “Well? Are we going or not?”

Clint pushed his aching body to his feet and stretched with a breathless laugh. “I’m so excited to walk all the way back for this shit at the *same time* a band of sixteen armed strangers is headed our way.” He started to move forward with Daphne and Florence, but Malina just stood there, staring up at the clouds.

“Mal,” he called back, “you coming or what?”

“What if you’re just leading us back to meet your buddies?” Malina asked. 

Florence paused and turned around to face Malina. She looked exasperated. “Yeah, sure, I tricked you with information I didn’t have about a place I’ve never been to.” She scoffed and kept stomping up the trail.

Malina followed them, her scowl deepening and darkening like the storm above them. The rain began falling with a new urgency. She raised her voice to be heard over the pelting of water against leaves. “You can’t blame us for being cautious.”

“Those two seem fine with it.” Florence gestured backwards at Clint and Daphne. Clint found it oddly off-putting, as if she was talking about him like he could not speak for himself.

“I’m not sure how I feel about it,” Daphne admitted. For a long few seconds, no one said anything. Florence stared back at her with a look that was guarded, unreadable. “But I don’t want your sister to die.”

“I trust you,” Clint said, but the tone of his voice didn’t convince himself either. 

Malina’s look turned smug and triumphant. “Yeah. They seem like they’d take a bullet for you.”

“Mal, you’re just being a dick now,” Clint said, wearily.

Florence’s eyes narrowed. She whipped her head forward to survey their surroundings, and then she paused. “You don’t have to trust me yet,” she said. “But I want you to know I’ve trusted you with everything. You—” she seemed to be speaking to all three of them now “—have all the power here, and I have to trust that you fucks won’t turn it against me. So don’t act like you’re the only ones taking a leap of faith here.”

Malina snorted, but Daphne shook her head. 

“Florence is right,” she said. “We’re all just standing here being scared of each other.” She pulled out her own copy of the rules just to tap that horrifying number twenty scrawled in what looked like blood. “When those are the people we *should* be scared of. The people who are actually going to kill us.”

Malina sighed through her teeth and gestured at Clint in exasperation. “Why didn’t you just fucking shoot her?”

Clint couldn’t help his scoff. “We’re not rehashing this again.”

“Well, yeah, we are.” Malina hurled down her backpack in frustration. “I don’t know why you put us all in danger, because, what… she told you she has a sister?”

“It’s the same reason you hid me instead of killing me the day we met.” 

“Hard to buy someone like her turns into a human being overnight,” Malina spat.

“Three capable shooters are better than two,” Florence pointed out. She folded her arms over her chest like she was cold or bored or both. “And you very well know that *I’m* not going to try to one-man-army my way through this game, since I would actually like to *win.* Even if you don’t trust me as a human, trust the fuckin’ odds, okay? I always play with the odds.”

For a long few seconds, Malina fumbled for her next word. Finally she said, “This all just feels too convenient. It makes me nervous as hell. How one minute you’re on our side, and the next you’re saying, *oh, sure, let’s just run into the arms of my old team*.”

And then Florence spat out, “I’m done with this fuckin’ argument. You go with me, or you stay here, I don’t care. But I’m going to go get the gear we need to get down to the next level before all those fuckers catch up with us.”

And then she kept stomping forward, into the trees.

Daphne glanced back at Malina, who still hadn’t budged. She looked at Clint. “Are we going?” she whispered, nervously. There was a question in her voice, the same question he didn’t want to dare voice himself: was Malina really going to split them up right now, of all times?

“Can’t we talk about this later?” he murmured, low. “When we’re not around her, maybe?” Clint nodded to where Florence was still crashing through the trees behind them. “And you can tell me what’s really going on.”

“You’ve heard what’s really going on.”

Clint narrowed his eyes at her. “I don’t think I have.”

Malina’s scowl deepened, but she didn’t argue any further. She hauled her pack off the ground and squalled off down the path without another word to either of them.

Clint looked down at Daphne and matched her shrug. “At least she’s coming along,” he said.

Daphne sort of laughed.

They traipsed back through the forest and the thickening night, back to town.
***
 || 
***
Thank you all for your help and support with that app that stole my writing. <3 The developer appears to have followed through on my request to remove my work from his app. It still exists in general, which I'm not a fan of (mostly due to the execution of it... if it was developed with authors' knowledge and ability to actually gain readers from it, I wouldn't be half so annoyed!) but we've at least won a little victory there. I treasure your indignation and help in making sure that the app dev heard our frustration. <3

***
The trio finally decided to camp in the woods, across the bridge. They traveled south until Clint could smell the distant sea on the wind, and the trees were so close together that he could not see anything but pine and spruce in all directions. Their tent felt so obvious here in the daylight dark, but it was better than sitting out in the open camping area near all the houses. Better that someone really had to *look* for them to find them out here.

Malina explained it as they walked: when she woke up alone, she had broken down the tent and packed it up. She stole a backpack from the general store and loaded it with their guns and blankets and ammunition and stuck the tent on the top, roped into place to keep it from falling. And then she marched off through the cutting rain to find Ciacco and demand answers to all the drama in this little town.

“What did she say?” Clint asked. They had found their spot now, and he and Malina worked together (struggling and swearing) to put the tent back together again. Daphne sat on a nearby stump paging through *The Inferno*, her face twisted with worry.

“Not much helpful. Just her sob story. How she didn’t want to be mayor, and the farmers banded together to elect her.” She shrugged. “Apparently her campaign had been more of a… political gesture than anything else. She hadn’t planned to win. She hadn’t thought that she could.” Malina rolled her eyes. “And the villagers are claiming she’s wasting all the taxes, but she says they don’t give her their taxes in the first place.”

“Sounds a bit chicken and egg,” Daphne interjected.

“Right,” Clint said. “And Virgil said tomorrow we have to choose a side.”

“More or less.” Malina swore and threw down one of the rods she was trying to negotiate into the tent. She walked with only a slight limp now, and Clint was grateful for that, at least. If there was going to be a fight tomorrow, she would be ready to stand her own. “Or maybe that’s a trick too.”

“How could that be a trick?”

But Daphne bobbed her head in a nod, her face lighting up, urgently. “That’s what I was thinking. Maybe there’s a third side: both of them are wrong. Both of them are pulling shit.”

Clint stood for a moment in the faint drizzling rain. Here, among the trees, the branches caught most of it, and only a few trickles here or there broke through the boughs, cool and welcoming as a kiss against Clint’s forehead. He wiped the little streams of water away. “What does the book say?” he asked Daphne.

“Nothing useful. I feel like I’ve been rereading the same thing over and over, and none of it is helping me.” The girl rubbed hard at her eyes and wiped uselessly at the wet spots on her book.

“Tomorrow we’ll just be ready to fight for ourselves, then,” Malina murmured. She finally got the pole to maintain the curved shape of its roof. She smeared the sweat away from her forehead and sighed, heavily. Looked between Clint and Daphne like they were children. “And *do not* think about going anywhere in this little fucking town again without being armed. Don’t scare the shit out of me like that again.”

Clint couldn’t help his smile, somewhere between heart-warmed and teasing. “You mean you were worried about us?”

“Don’t act so surprised.” Malina threw one of the canvas sheets of the tent at Clint and bit back her wry smile. “Today,” she said, “we’ll read the book and look for clues. And we’ll wait.”

“Just wait?” Daphne said, her voice full of doubt and fear.

“There’s nothing else we can do.”

The girl looked to Clint as if expecting him to argue. But he just shrugged and offered, “I could help you look for ideas in the book?”

They spent that long day out in the woods under the cover of trees. Listening around the pitter-patter of the forest for any cracking branches or the crunch of broken needles out there in the gathering darkness.

But it was silent.

And that night, for the first time in a long while, Clint let himself sleep.

His dreams were full of Rachel. 

The moment he closed his eyes he was pulling her out of that smoking car, and she was screaming at him over and over again. He could feel consciousness pulling at him as he wrestled and turned and willed it all away. He once remembered jolting into consciousness, and he heard his own whimpering gasping voice breaking the night-silence. There was someone resting their hand on his head, smoothing their thumb over his temple. 

And he heard Malina whisper to him, “Go back to sleep, baby. It’s okay. It’s okay now.”

She kept rubbing circles into Clint’s scar until he fell asleep once again. Rachel was still there, and there was still the blood and the fire and the knife-edge of her sobbing. But there was also the way she sought his hand when he drove, and the mornings making coffee and breakfast and washing up and making out and lifting her up onto the counter just to hold her closer, kiss her better. There were the nights of debates that ended in bed just as often as they ended in aggressive googling. There was the way she took her coffee and the feathery touch of her fingertips against his skin.

He lay twisted in the brambles of his memory until morning came for them all at last.

***

Malina rose with the dawn to pick them fruit to eat from some of the wild berry bushes and fruit trees here and there in the forest. Clint woke to a breakfast of blueberries and wild strawberries small as his thumbnail. They spent most of the day hunkered down in the woods, just watching and waiting. Clint would have complained about how boring it all was if not for the fact that his anxiety was like a hot coal in his belly.

He hoped Virgil would materialize. Offer them some hint of direction. But if their guide was watching over them, he didn’t make any sign of it.

They hid out there in the woods until the grey sky overhead began to darken with the setting sun, hidden somewhere beyond the gloom. 

Clint and Malina sat guarding the tent together, back-to-back, each surveying the tree-line for any hint of movement. Malina held her shotgun crossed over her knees, and Clint felt vaguely useless with his pistol. He would have spent the day playing target practice if it weren’t for the risk of being found out. But at least he could kill someone up close, even if his aim was still abysmal. 

“What time is it?” he asked her, softly.

Malina laughed. “I can’t tell you.” She waved her arm as if to indicate that her watch was indeed still broken.

“Why do you even *wear* that thing?” he asked, laughing. 

But Malina did not laugh with him. For a long moment, she said nothing at all. And then, her words heavy as falling stones, she told him, “My son gave it to me.”

Clint wanted to press her for more. Held his breath, waiting for her to offer it. But Malina went silent, and for a long few minutes, there was nothing but the rain.

“You can tell me about it,” he said. “What happened to him. If you ever want to.”

“You heard me tell Rosco.”

“I don’t really think you were telling the truth.”

Malina smirked over her shoulder at him, her smile brittle and broken. “You’re getting to know me better than I expected, I guess.” And then she stood and stretched. “Come on. If anything’s going to happen, it will be at that damn town hall meeting.” She turned her head up to regard the sky. “It has to be happening soon.”

Daphne poked her head out of the tent, revealing that she’d been thoroughly eavesdropping the whole time. She piped up, “Is it time to go?”

“Maybe you should stay here,” Clint started, nervously, but both Malina and Daphne answered in unison, “No way.”

So they left the tent out there in the woods and left together with their guns and their bullets and their bellies full of dread. The woods were silent, and the rain picked up with a bitter, cold wind. It was constant and everywhere, that miserable wet cold; Clint couldn’t blame someone for going a bit mad in a town like this. Mad enough to attack their own neighbors, at least.

When they reached the town hall, it was already full of villagers. The main room was dusty with disuse and smelled of mildew and wet fur. It was dimly lit, and half the windows were so broken they simply had to be boarded up. Clint’s heart rabbited against his chest the moment they walked inside. There were too few escape routes in here. Too many people. Every instinct in him told him to run, and run *now*.

But he stayed put. Reached subtly behind his back to feel the cool, reassuring shape of his pistol.

 All heads turned to stare at them when they walked inside. The room was so full that half the crowd had to stand in the back of the room, shifting and murmuring amongst themselves. The front of the room had a small platform and a podium atop it. Once the town’s flag had been painted on the front, but the paint had peeled and flaked so badly that Clint could no longer make it out. It seemed as if nearly the whole village had turned out for this meeting.

But the mayor was nowhere to be seen.

And the villagers’ discontent began brewing and storming in her absence. The low murmur of it filled the room, crescendoing to outright rage.

Finally the owl took the stage. And he said, “Since our mayor has declined to show up,” he said, “I will do her job in her place.” He folded his wings demurely and scanned the room, his eyes wide and burning. He finally said, “We have no choice but to take back the town that has always been ours—by whatever means necessary.”
***
 || 

Oh we all survived our first weekend apart! *clings fiercely*

I hope your Monday goes well, dear readers. :)

***

Florence settled right into snapping orders. It was little wonder she ended up commanding so many people. She spoke eternally as if the people around her were small but lovable children, incurably inept and always worth helping. Before they left the train, she tossed Clint the dead man’s backpack and told him, “Carry this. It’s important,” and did not offer any other explanation.

Malina seemed to be quietly fuming, as though she had not made up her mind how to feel about all of this. If her rage had a temperature, the rain would have boiled off of her in little bursts of steam. She just kept pulling her hair up and letting it fall back down again as she growled to anyone who would listen, “We have to figure out how to move forward.”

When Clint stopped to pick up the semi-conscious mayor, Florence immediately demanded, “*What* are you doing?”

“She needs a doctor, or something.”

“She’s just an NPC.” Florence’s face twisted in confusion. “Why does it matter?”

Clint couldn’t explain himself. Truthfully, part of him did not believe the mayor. There had to be a better reason for all those people dying by their own neighbors’ hand. Some better reason than wanting a bit of money. There was some comfort in the idea that she was just filling out some lame script, that her motivations couldn’t possibly have been that shallow.

“Just leave me here,” the mayor said, her voice dry and breaking. “I’ll be fine.”

She did not seem fine. She seemed like she was wisping apart like fog, disintegrating bit by bit. 

Clint bit back his impulse to argue. There was no logic to it. Nowhere to bring her. It was a surreal sort of pointlessness, as if he kept forgetting even after all this time that all of this was just a game after all. He murmured, “I hope we got you far away enough from your problems.”

“Oh, don’t worry.” Her laugh was empty and light. “You didn’t.”

Malina flicked Clint in the back of the head and said, “Let’s get a move on, then.”

He wondered if he would ever get used to a place that felt as real as this  

“Alright,” she said, as they walked, “what’s happened so far in this place?”

Clint gave her the brief crash course, as well as he could, at least. When he explained the bloodbath and the stolen taxes, Florence grinned and admitted, “Well, that sounds like a hell of a lot of fun. I’m a bit sad I missed it.”

Malina scoffed.

Daphne hung behind them all, but as far down the line as she could get from Florence. Clint was sure that, if not for the rain, she would have had that book out and would have tried to read it by moonlight. She said, “There’s nothing helpful in the book, really. It just says they descended this big hill and ended up at the gatekeeper for the next circle.” She paused, thinking for a moment. “Plutus.”

“The mayor might have known that,” Clint said.

“The mayor didn’t know shit.” Malina glanced down the row and looked Florence over critically. “You and your boys didn’t solve this one yet?”

“Me and my boys just *got* here.” Florence seemed bored with Malina’s sharpness, as if their strange snapping game exhausted her. (Or, Clint realized a moment later, that was part of the game too: pretending that she was above playing it.) She sighed. “I had planned to simply follow you through it.”

Malina snorted. “Wow, great leadership skills.”

“Malina,” Clint started, like a wearied parent.

“You can be a bitch to me,” Florence said. “I don’t care. You could probably say I deserve it. But right now, all I care about is getting to the next level.” She gave Malina a strained, sugary smile. “You can keep the politics of it to yourself.”

“You’re going to try to call this shit *politics*—?”

And Clint stopped listening to their sparring, because Daphne whispered beside him, “Are they going to be fighting the whole time?”

“Not the whole time.” He glanced over to see that they had gone silent and resolutely glared at opposite spots on the ground. “Maybe a bit of the time.”

By the time they returned to Sunshine Town, the town hall had collapsed on itself. Only the foundation remained, and the rafters of the sunken roof reached out of the fire like blackened ribs. It cast the sleepy downtown in flickering shades of crimson and charcoal. 

Not a soul was in sight, except the bodies of the dead strewn here and there in the grass.

Florence nudged an antelope-creature that lay prone in the earth, its back perforated over and over with the three-toothed bite of a pitchfork. She sighed through her teeth. “Damn, this level does have some sick details.”

Daphne shuddered at that.

Clint laughed. “You know,” he said, “I never really thought of it that way. It’s a very… video game way of thinking about it.”

“Isn’t that what all this is? Some game in a made-up world?” She continued confidently down the path. “We’ll go until we find someone who lives here. Where the hell did they all hide out?”

“Well,” Clint said. “We know someplace we could check.” He craned his neck forward to look at Daphne, and by the light in her eyes he knew she was thinking the same thing he was. “We know of some people who would be able to help us. Maybe.”

“I’m okay with working off a maybe,” Florence said, and she nodded to Clint. “Lead the way, then.”

Malina’s scowl deepened. Her drenched hair clung to her scalp. “We’re a discussion-based group, lady.”

“Okay.” Florence paused and spun primly on her heel. “And do you have any further discussion to contribute?”

“I just don’t want you to think you can step in and play boss again.”

That made her smirk. “I wouldn’t dream of it.” 

Clint sighed and nodded down the path. “Across the bridge,” he said, “and I think Daphne’d remember the way better than me.”

He didn’t, really. But he didn’t want Daphne in the back of the line, trapped between the smoldering twin fires that were Malina and Florence. She looked relieved for a reason to wander ahead of the group, her gun clutched tightly in one hand. 

After ten dense minutes of silent walking, they came at last to the grove of cherries. Already tiny pink fruits hung from the sleeping boughs of the trees, as if they would be ready to be picked in a day or two. He wondered if Ben and Nancy would fall back into the old comforts of routine, just like that. Murder a few of their fellow townsfolk, then turn around and start plucking fruits out of their garden the next day.

*It’s not real,* Clint reminded himself. *None of this is real.*

Ben stood watch outside his own home. He was hidden behind a tree at the very front of the grove. He hid himself well in the shadows. Clint only saw him when he pushed away from the tree trunk, and the gleaming whites of his eyes shone. 

Ben said, “What are you folks doing back here?” He looked over Malina and Florence with a look that was calculating and nervous. “I see you found some new friends.”

“We’re looking for the way out of this level,” Florence said, her voice as thick and falling as the rain. She sounded like she was already tired of this constant damp.

“I’m afraid I don’t know what you mean.”

“You can’t ask them directly,” Malina said, like it should be obvious. “They’re not supposed to answer like it’s a game.”

Ben bit his lip hard. Like he did not appreciate being discussed. 

“We’re looking for a very large hill,” Daphne said. Her face was dirt-smeared and fixed with determination. Clint liked this side of her, when she was confident despite herself. He would have congratulated her for it right then if it wouldn’t have mortified her. “Or a deep valley, maybe. Somewhere that takes a long, long time to climb down.”

“That’s a specific and strange request.” Ben thought for a moment, stroking the thin stubble on his chin. “What happened to the mayor? I saw you”—he nodded to Clint—“rescuing her from those damn beasts earlier.”

“She asked us to leave her.” Not totally a lie, not totally true. “By the train station.” Clint shrugged. “She’s alive, if you all wanted to go get her.”

“Well, at the very least I’d like some answers.” Ben scowled at the ground. “We’ve been talking all night, and near nobody’s gotten the land grants she’s been bragging about. And if the animals ain’t seen that money either, it begs the question where it’s gone.”

Clint sighed through his teeth.

“The mayor took it,” Malina said, her voice prickly with irritation. “She played you both. Obviously.”

Ben looked stricken by that. “You really think so?”

“She told us,” Clint admitted.

“Now,” Florence said, smoothly, putting on a voice that was almost kind, “we’ve helped you, and we would appreciate a bit of help in return.”

“Do you have a map?” the farmer asked.

Daphne produced hers. Her third level was only half-filled in, the landmarks and houses marked on the paper like ash. 

Ben frowned down at it in confusion. “Who buys half a map?”

“I’m making it as I go.” Daphne shifted and looked away, tucking her hair behind her cheek. Her cheeks were already pink from scrutiny.

“I’ll get y’all a *real* map.” Ben turned and started clomping up the path to his house. Without looking back, he gestured with a wide arc of his arm. “Come along, you can get out of the rain for a bit.”

Ben and Nancy’s house was more or less how Clint remembered it. Slightly too small, its roof just low enough to feel claustrophobic. But the lights were still warm, and the fireplace in the living room was alive and spitting. There were at least five strangers spread between the living room and kitchen, and they stopped their low sussurrous whispers when Ben flung open the door and let the four inside.

“What are *they* doing here?” someone asked, their voice tight with anxiety. “They’re outsiders.”

“They saved the mayor,” Ben answered, flatly. “And this is my own damn house.” He stomped into one of the doors down the hall and murmured, just loudly enough for Clint to hear, “Hey, baby, how’re you doing?”

“Where is Nancy?” Daphne asked Clint, softly. 

One of the farmers, a dark-haired woman who still had someone else’s blood dried along her hairline, answered, “She got stabbed a couple of times. Pitchfork.” She shrugged, as if this was a common complaint. “She’s just got to rest up.”

“Jesus,” Clint said.

But before he could say anything else, Ben reappeared with a yellowing map which he unfolded. It showed the entire village and forest in intricate, hand-drawn detail. Ben pulled a pencil out of his overalls and marked a few spots, speaking quickly. “Here,” he explained, “is my house, and here’s where you want to be going. There’s a couple different spots that could be what you’re talking about.” He circled them both. “You’re in for a good bit of walking, you know.”

“That’s fine,” Clint said. “We’ve got all night.”

They said their thank yous to Ben and stepped back into the driving rain. Clint put the map in his jacket pocket, and it filled him with a warmth that was almost like hope.

“Well,” he said, “are you all ready for the next one?”
***
 || 

#Posting schedule change

Hey gang, so I guess I'm a human who needs to sleep and socialize?? Recent revelation for me. I'm going to start posting on weekdays **only** so that I have the weekends to get caught up and/or exist. I know, it's heartbreaking! But I think we'll all find some way to endure. ;(

***
Chaos bloomed in the town hall.

As Ciacco stood there screaming on the stage for them to *stop stop stop*, the villagers and farmers turned on each other with their shovels and their axes and their gardening hoes. Some of them even picked up the chairs they had been sitting on and held them over their heads like weapons. Clint watched in unbound horror as a farmer slammed his chair down onto a zebra’s head over and over, until the legs splintered off of it. The zebra crumpled, leaving the farmer standing there with the sharp-toothed fangs of the chair legs in his hands. He sunk them into the shoulder of the first villager that came taking a swing at him, and the animal (a small foxlike creature) fell screaming to the floor.

Malina whipped her shotgun around and held it tightly in both hands. She did not shoot, though. She simply stood biting her lip, every muscle in her body tensed to spring.

Clint took out his own pistol, checked the chamber with trembling hands. He chambered a round and held the pistol against the back of his thigh, like he was trying to hide it.

Daphne pressed her back against the doors leading out of town hall. She was sheet-white with terror, and she clutched her gun in both hands, tightly.

“You can go wait outside,” Clint yelled at her over the madness.

But the girl shook her head.

The villagers had never seemed like such animals. They were baring their teeth, extending their wicked claws. Even the owl took to the air, his massive wings lifting him higher and higher, until he dove down with his talons extended, shiny and huge, and plucked up a farmer by her collarbones. He lifted her screaming off the ground, off of the cat whose skull she’d been pounding in with a shovel. And then, when he reached the rafters, he let the farmer drop into her fellowmen. She collapsed bonelessly to the floor, and one of the farmers she hit lay lifelessly on the floor alongside her.

“Why are they *doing* this?” Clint cried to Malina.

“Because they’re being fucking bastards,” she spat back, which wasn’t a real response. She gripped the barrel of her shotgun like she desperately wanted to use it, but she kept the muzzle pointed toward the floor. “I can’t figure out which of these assholes to shoot.”

The torch that the first farmer dropped began licking at the floor, spreading slowly across the worn oak panels. None of the farmers noticed it until the fire began kissing the soles of their boots; one of them leapt back with a cry of shock when the fire sank its teeth into his thigh. He and a couple of others began trying to stamp it out, but then a horse struck him in the back of the head with a sharp kick of his hooves. The farmer fell forward into the fire and did not rise again.

The smell was sickening, the sizzle of skin and flesh. It smelled like warm beef and boiling blood, sharp and coppery. 

A handful of villagers flooded onto the stage and seized the mayor. There was a wolf, gripping and twisting her right arm behind her back, while another dog seized her left arm. Together they carried her down into the madness: the screaming and burning and all-out war. The mayor struggled and shrieked, but the dogs held her fast. They ferried her deep into the villagers’ side of the conflict and held her there against the wall.

Ben was the first farmer to notice. He shoved the people closest to him and bellowed at them, “They have the mayor!”

The smoke swelled up to the ceiling, thick as fog. Clint could feel it coiling in his lungs, dizzying and thick and impossible to think around. 

“Dammit,” Malina sighed. “I think we have to save her.”

And then, without waiting for Clint’s response, she pushed her way into the madness, smacking animals out of her path with the butt of her shotgun.

Clint looked back at Daphne, who was still pushed into the corner. She seemed to only be watching the fire, staring at it like it was a beast itself. Her face warped in terror. 

“I’ll be right back,” he told her.

“Don’t leave me here.”

Her voice was small and choked. Clint looked at Malina, who had kicked a squirrel off her leg and shoved the muzzle of her gun in its face. Even from here he could hear her roar at it, “Do you really want me to blow your fucking brains out?”

Clint held out his hand to Daphne. “Then you need to stay with me. We can’t let Malina go in all that alone, right?”

Daphne clung onto his hand. 

Together, they plunged into the crowd. Daphne quickly let go of his hand to wrap both arms around his middle and bury her face into his back. Clint couldn’t decide if her solution was better or worse. Nearly every step forward made him feel like he was going to trip, but at least he had both his hands free to shoot.

There were only a couple dozen villagers still standing; too many bodies to count lay trampled and bleeding out on the town hall floor. It looked like just as many farmers and villagers had fallen, doing their best to kill each other. They were so focused on one another that they barely seemed to notice Clint pursuing Malina into the crowd. One animal, a black-furred cat with huge yellow eyes, sank its hooked claws into Clint’s arm to try and stop him. He cried out in pain and pushed the glock into its open hissing mouth. 

The cat stared at him in shock and slowly let him go. 

“Thanks,” Clint spat at it, hot blood running in small rivers down his forearm. He kept going.

The owl, who had been hovering high in the air, watching everyone, swooped down when the mayor was up against the wall. He did not try to touch her. Instead he stood there, spreading his massive wings, like a last line of defense between her and Malina.

Malina was only a couple of inches taller than the owl. But he did not waver when she stopped a foot away from him and held her shotgun up toward his down chest.

“Move,” she barked.

“We will let the mayor go when she tells us what happened to our taxes. There are thousands of coins yet to be spent this month—”

Behind the owl, Clint could just make out the dogs pummeling the mayor with their fists over and over again. Ciacco cried out, but he could only tell by the open shape of her mouth. The pained screams of farmers and animals filled the smoky air, and he could not pick out her cry from anyone else’s.

“So this is all about money to you?” Malina jabbed at the owl with her gun. 

He heaved himself into the air and tried to tug it out of her hands with a taloned foot. Malina’s grip held fast, and she wasted both the shells trying to turn the shotgun upward at the owl. One of the windows overhead exploded in a shower of glass.

Clint did not hesitate this time. He raised his pistol and shot again and again until the bird fell out of the air, his chest dribbling scarlet. Malina pulled her shotgun out of his limp talons and cracked it open, tossing the wasted shell casings to the floor and shoving two more in their place.

The clatter of his pistol seemed to snap everyone out of their bloodlust. For a moment, the villagers and farmers paused, holding each other by the collars of their shirts, and whirled around to look. They saw the owl lying dead. They saw the floor opening up in a belly of fire.

And then, as one, they dropped their weapons and tools and ran for the door. Clint reached behind him to hold onto Daphne with one arm as the animals surged past them, wrestling now just to get out the door. The smoke was so dense now that every inhale made him cough and gasp.

But the dogs did not let the mayor go. The wolf pushed snarling away from her and ran on four legs at Malina. He leapt into the air, jaws wide, ready to sink his fangs into the soft flesh of Malina’s neck. She raised her shotgun and blasted a hole into his open mouth. Scarlet rained out of the open back of his skull.

The dog dropped lifeless to the floor beside the owl, who was alive, but only barely. His gasping breaths came wetly, but he did not try to push himself up.

Malina snapped the nose of her gun at the other dog and snarled at him, “Do you want to die too, you little fuck?”

The dog stood for a few moments, staring at her with his fangs bared, his haunches trembling like he desperately wanted to pounce. And then he too bolted around Malina for the door.

The mayor sank slowly to the floor. Her face was a wall of bruises, her nose waterfalling blood. Malina stooped and heaved the mayor over her shoulder like she was a child.

Before Clint could step forward to help, Daphne tugged hard at his sleeve. “Clint,” she said. “*Clint*.”

He whirled around and snapped, “*What?*” He heard his own fierceness seconds after it exploded out of him. “Jesus, Daph, I’m sorry—”

But she did not seem to notice. She shook her head hard and held something out to him.

Clint stared down at her copy of the rules.

**Players in your level: 4**

And as he watched, the number crept up to six.
***
 || 

Thank you for waiting! Took me a while to finish the next bit <3

***

The villagers began speaking over each other all at once. Some of them sounded excited, but many were reluctant, confused. But some of the creatures nearest to Clint, Malina, and Daphne pointed at them and demanded, “Why are *they* here?”

Malina held her shotgun rested against her shoulder. She surveyed the group like she was daring them to give her an excuse to use it. “It’s a public meeting, isn’t it?”

Quincy spread his wings and flapped them a few times, and the air *whoomp-whoomped* loudly away from him. The sound hushed the group for a moment, long enough at least for him to say, “That is a valid question. What of you three? Will you help us defend our village, or will you stand against it?”

“Does all of this have to just do with money?” Clint murmured to Malina.

“Speak up, boy,” the barn owl said. His enormous eyes were flat and unamused. “We can’t hear you if you whisper.”

Daphne looked pale and frightened. She hid behind Malina as if she did not want the animals to know that she was there at all.

Clint cleared his throat and raised his voice. “Well,” he said. “It sounds like it all has to do with taxes and who gets what. Right?”

A dozen voices tried to answer them at once. The owl raised his wings for silence, and when the crowd calmed he answered for them, “It has to do with the fact of our mayor’s blatant favoritism and inability to mete out resources fairly. That is why so many of us have refused to pay taxes until this is resolved.” He seemed to be addressing the group as a whole now. “And she has the gall to suggest there should be *legal* action taken against those of us who demand that our taxes be used for our own benefit.”

“Taxes should help the people who need it,” Clint started, but a chorus of voices interrupted him with nearly the same message:

“*We* need it.”

“And,” the owl agreed with the group, “for too long we have seen none of it. For too long the homesteaders have taken every one of our valuable resources and gouged us on the price of their crops and goods in return. We will not accept this disenfranchisement. We will not stand for those people or that mayor any longer.”

Daphne turned her toward the door and paused, head cocked. Listening.

“What is it?” Clint whispered to her.

“There are people,” she said. “Outside.”

And, without waiting for Clint to reply, she ran to the doors and pushed them open. She poked her head out into the rain. A squirrel in a teal raincoat scurried after her. The squirrel barely came up to Daphne’s hip, and she shoved her head between Daphne’s leg and the door to look out as well. Daphne glanced down in surprise, but before she could speak, the squirrel bolted back into the room and began pealing out, “They’re coming! The farmers are coming!”

The group began shifting and murmuring, glancing around at one another in distrust. A few more creatures ran to the door, pushing Daphne out of the way. 

“Hey,” she cried, and staggered back, but the animals did not seem to notice or care. They piled up around the door peered through the narrow opening, as if they wanted to keep their numbers secret just a little longer.

“They have torches,” called one of the villagers at the door, the sharp-toothed dog from the pub. “And it looks like they’re carrying tools. Could be using them as weapons.”

“We will arm ourselves,” the owl said, “and we will be ready. We will be the peaceable ones, but if they attack, we will not hesitate to stamp them out.”

The villagers began reaching under their seats, into their knapsacks. They produced axes and shovels and gardening hoes, as if the majority of them had surveyed their scant tools and wondered what would be best for bashing in a farmer’s skull. As if they’d arrived hoping for the worst.

“This is madness,” Clint murmured to Malina. 

She clutched her shotgun in one hand and shoved extra shells into her pants pockets with the other. Then she glanced up and grinned at him, tiredly. “At least we’re the only ones with guns.”

A long, heavy knock resounded at the door. The animals there scattered, scampering backward towards the main group. Only the dog stood, tall and fearless. He heaved open the door and leaned his body into the threshold, as if trying to block the intruders from coming in.

The entire hall hushed to hear what he said. The air was full of the plinking rain and the crackle of the farmers’ torches and the inward gasp of a room of people holding their breath, waiting.

“I’m sorry,” he said, his voice thick with derision, “but this is a meeting for townspeople only.”

“Don’t be a dick, Dodger.” Clint was close enough to see the mayor standing there at the front of the group of farmers. Her purple hair stuck to her neck in slithering locks. She was empty-handed and exhausted. “I didn’t think it was right or fair to hold this meeting without inviting the other half of our town.”

Behind her stood a small caravan of humans, perhaps two or three dozen in dirt-stained jeans and overalls and flannel. Clint picked out Ben and Nancy toward the back, clutching each other’s hands, their faces drawn with worry or resignation or both. Nancy had brought her ax, and the sharp glint of it caught the firelight.

“Y’all seem to be carrying a lot of heavy tools for folks who just want to talk,” the dog said.

“I could say the same about the lot of you.” Ciacco pushed the dog out of the way and stepped through the doorway. She looked small and pitiful, soaked as she was, but she held her back in a straight unyielding line. Regarded the crowd with perfect dignity. “I have brought the farmers because it’s time for all of you to make peace. I can’t function as mayor if you two try to act like you’re two separate towns.”

“If they want to be treated as part of the town,” Quincy answered from the podium, his stare hungry and gleaming in the darkness, “perhaps they should consider moving here.”

“We *did*,” one of the farmers replied, exasperated.

“You live outside our township, pay the least, and take the lionshare for your private benefit. Meanwhile we have villagers who can’t afford to buy the food that their tax money subsidizes. Where is the justice in that?”

The mayor kept pushing through the crowd of animals. She gestured to the farmers and told them, “Come in, come in.” The hall was far too small for this many people, but the farmers squeezed in, smelling of alfalfa and smoke. The animals shuffled over, compressing themselves on one half of the room while the farmers stood on the other. And Clint, Daphne, and Malina all stood in the back, just watching them all in bewilderment.

The mayor ascended the stage. “Thank you, Quince, but I can take over now.” She tried to pat Quincy’s back in a friendly way, but the owl shied away from her. He did not step down.

Instead he said, “Perhaps this would be a more effective meeting with a representative from both sides.” He curved one wing to point at himself. “I will speak for the animals, and you may speak for the humans.”

“There aren’t two sides. We’re the same side. We’re all citizens of the same town.”

But the palpable line between the two groups did not dissolve itself. They stood staring around at one another in equal distrust.

“That’s disingenuous.” The owl ruffled up his chest feathers and scowled. “It doesn’t explain the thousands and thousands of coins that you have rerouted solely for use by the farmers.”

Ciacco rolled her eyes. “Oh, this old argument again.”

“When you steal from your own people you can expect them to argue about it, certainly.”

The crowd shifted and murmured amongst themselves. The farmers and villagers standing closest together seemed to be sizing one another up like wolves. 

“I didn’t steal a thing!” The mayor palmed back her wet hair and addressed the group at large. “But you all have had fewer public improvements because so few of you have been paying taxes.”

“Why would we pay you to give it away to strangers?” someone hollered from the village-side of the crowd. Clint recognized her as the cat he had seen on his first day on that train.

“We’re not strangers,” one of the farmers snapped. “We’re neighbors.”

The cat villager shoved him hard in the chest, so hard that the farmer tumbled backward into a few others. His torch clattered against the floor. He drew herself up and pushed her back, demanding, “What the hell was *that* for?”

The villager hissed back, “For opening your stupid mouth.”

And then they were on each other. The farmer heaved his fist back and struck her across the mouth. The cat staggered backward, touching the blood dribbling from her lower lip in disbelief. The dog, Dodger, bounded from the back of the crowd with his teeth bared. He fell upon the farmer, snarling and snapping at the his forearm. The farmer fell bleeding and swearing and trying to kick him off.

Ciacco yelled over the chaos, “We will not have *fighting* here—”

But no one was listening to her. Dodger lifted his head for only a moment to laugh, spraying the farmer with scarlet spittle. The farmer’s arm hung in fleshy ribbons, and he lay there howling and sobbing on the floor. Some of the farmers and villagers alike tried to pull Dodger off of him. The air flooded with voices screaming at him to stop, and just as many urging him to teach that bastard a lesson.

Nancy was the one to solve it. She stepped over the torch fire seeping over the floor. She shrugged off Ben, who desperately tried to pull her back. She heaved her ax over her head and sunk it into the dog’s skull. The first strike dazed him, and he stumbled falling backwards, yipping and crying like an injured pup.

“Don’t—” the dog started, but one more swing of Nancy’s ax silenced him.

And that was when total hell broke loose. The villagers and farmers fell on each other like night.
***
 || 
***
Through the sideways sheets of rain, Clint could just make out two figures: one of them storming up the length of the train, toward the engineer’s compartment, where the man lay dead. The other stumbled out into the pouring rain and made for the trees. The dark outline of his gun seemed like a beacon in the night. 

“He’s going to find Daphne,” Clint hollered after Malina. “Why the fuck didn’t you just *wait?*”

She swore and spun around on one heel. “I’ll go after him. You get Florence.” And without waiting for his response, she bounded back into the trees, after the fleeing silhouette. 

Clint ran for the train. His side stitched, and his breath came in terrified gasps, but there was no room in his mind for thought or second guesses. He needed to shoot her before she shot him. Needed to survive. Needed—

He paused at the door of the train for a moment. Florence was shaking the door to the engine room and swearing when she found it already locked. “You fucking moron,” she muttered to herself, to the dead man hanging out the window. She raised a foot and kicked it open.

Clint used that splintering sound to creep soundlessly into the train car. Florence didn’t even turn.

He raised his pistol and aimed down the barrel at her skull.

Clint said, low and serious, “Put your hands on your head or I’m blowing it off.”

Florence froze there, only a few feet between her fingers and that rifle. For a moment, she glanced over her shoulder at Clint, and he was certain he was going to have to kill her. But Florence raised her hands.

They both jolted at the all-too-close boom of Malina’s shotgun.

“Jesus,” Florence growled. “Did you really have to kill him?”

That question made Clint want to lower his gun and ask what she meant. But he kept that knife-edge to his voice, kept his expression steady and unreadable. “Step back,” he added. “Away from the gun.”

The gang boss took a few steps forward, her eyes gleaming and daggered. She did not even flinch when Clint patted down her sides. He found the pistol hidden in her belt, the knives in her jacket pocket. He shoved them both in his sweater. His gun bit into Florence’s temple.

“Did you come here to kill us?”

Florence’s laugh was bitter and dry. “I’m here to win the game, honey.”

Clint stared at her in disbelief. After all this time, he couldn’t quite accept that he was really looking down the person they’d all been fleeing for so long. She was a tall woman, her dense afro wilting from the rain. Her eyes sunk deeply into Clint’s, like she was trying to pin him there, pull him apart piece by piece.

He managed, “Why did you do it?”

Her eyebrows raised. “Do what?”

“Kill all those people.”

That made her snort a laugh. “The same reason you did. I’ve got someone to save.” Her brown eyes burned and simmered. “And I would do anything to rescue them. And if that means I have to kill every motherfucker who thinks about turning a gun my way, I will.”

“But you kill everyone,” Clint started.

She cut him off with an offended scoff. “Don’t tell me what I do or don’t do. If someone threatens my life, you’re damn well sure I’m not going to wait and see if they were serious about it or not. Shoot at me, and I shoot at you. That’s how the game works.”

Clint flicked his stare back to the semiautomatic rifle clutched in the dead man’s hands. He said, “Who are you here for?”

“None of your damn business.”

“Well.” For a moment, he was back on Malina’s porch, and her shotgun was inches away from blowing a hole through his skull and ending Rachel’s life for the last time. He swallowed the rock in his throat, hard. “It’s worth talking about, because the way you answer me decides if I have to kill you or not.” Clint’s voice was as steady as his pistol. “So don’t lie to me.”

Now her look was naked fear. She gripped her hair tightly with both hands and twisted it up in her fists. “My sister,” she admitted, finally. “I have a twin sister.”

“And I have a girlfriend.” Clint tossed the gun onto the train seat behind him and extended his hand. “I guess you of all people would respect why I wanted to be careful, right?”

Florence’s stare darted to the corner of her eye, and for a moment Clint muted the urge to dive for his gun and unload it in Florence’s chest. But he did not let his fear on his face. Her just gave her a tight, tired smile.

Florence reached out and clasped his hand. “I don’t know if I trust you, if you want my honest thought.”

“I don’t know if I should trust you either.” 

But Florence did not meet his eye. She just gripped his hand and stared over his shoulder with unmasked fear. “This is a dirty fucking trick,” she hissed at Clint.

“No,” he sighed. “It’s a lack of communication.”

Behind him, Malina snarled like a mother bear, “The fuck is going on *here?*”

“Put your gun down, Mals.”

“The hell I am.”

“Aren’t you charming,” Florence muttered. She pulled Clint into something like a hug, but choking and fierce. He realized she was using him for a shield.

“Let go of him!” Malina racked her shotgun, and the sound of it sent panic spiraling into Clint’s belly.

“Point that gun someplace else and maybe I will.”

“Malina,” Clint snapped, “we’re *talking*. Put it down right fucking *now*.”

Malina groaned in frustration and hurled the shotgun down with a clatter. Within moments, Florence released Clint. She took a single, meaningful step back towards that rifle.

“I was just telling your buddy here,” Florence said to her teeth, “I don’t tend to trust people who try to kill me.”

“You and I have a similar problem, then.” Malina scowled between the two of them. Her eyes settled on Clint like he was day-old roadkill. “Why *are* we talking, Clint?”

“Because.” Clint kept his hands where Florence could see them. “She said she’s here fighting for someone too. And knowing that…” He shrugged. “It makes sense that she’d fight as hard as she did.”

“Nearly everyone this bitch crosses paths with ends up with a face full of lead. You hunted us across a goddamn city. Hard to call that self-defense.”

“If someone comes at me with the intent to kill, they receive mine as well.” Florence’s stare bore hard into Malina’s. “Go ahead, then. Pick up your little shotgun and kill me.”

“I didn’t know I could hate a person as much as you,” Malina spat back at her.

“We’ve all been through a lot,” Clint said, raising his hands to appease them both. “But we’ve all been through the same shit. And we all know we’re here for the same reason: we’re trying to save someone else’s life. Right?”

Reluctantly, they both nodded. 

Clint continued, talking mostly to Malina now, “So we shouldn’t be trying to kill each other. We should be working together. We should use Florence’s manpower and sheer fucking brutality to help us get through this thing alive.”

Florence scoffed. “What manpower?” She produced her copy of the Rules from her pocket and held it up so they could all see the scarlet number four. “It’s just us now.” 

“What the hell happened to all your men?”

“Cerberus and mutiny.” She spat onto the floor, as if cursing the very idea of anyone who would betray her. “Death and more death, you could say.” Her smile was bitter, darkly humored. She looked beyond Malina and Clint and asked, “Oh, and who is this?”

Daphne crept up the steps of the train. Her face full of questions and fear. She said nothing, but she hid both her hands behind her back. Clint knew by her trembling exactly what she thought she had to do.

“Daphne,” he said, quickly, “put your gun down.” He gave Florence a meaningful look. “We’re all friends here, right?”

Malina laughed.

“Or trying to be,” he amended. “Starting to be.” He glared at Malina. “And we’re all going to try our best, right?”

“I’m not too fucking thrilled you decided this without talking to me.”

“I think we both knew what your reaction would have been.”

Florence and Malina stared knives into each other, and the air between them seemed to heat and simmer like the air over an open fire.

“What happens now, then?” Malina growled.

“Now,” Florence said, with the air of someone used to barking unquestioned commands, “we all are going to walk down to the end of the train that doesn’t have guns. And we will sit down and talk.” She looked at Clint like she could not quite make up her mind about him. “And you will have to do some very compelling convincing, I think.”

“Not much to debate,” Clint said. “You don’t want to die. We don’t want to die.” He shrugged.

But Florence chuckled and eased past him, smooth and sinuous as a cat. She said, “You’ll forgive me for not trusting you quite yet.” She gestured for the other three to follow her.

For a moment, Clint could hear only the rattle and thrum of the rain, the heavy click of Florence’s boot heels against the tile floor.

Malina looked like she wanted to snatch up her shotgun and shoot Florence in the back. But she too sighed and followed.

Together, they sat down and began to talk.
***
 || 
***
The general store was locked up for the night, but Daphne solved that situation quickly by hefting up a rock and hurling it through the front window. Clint had half-expected the store alarms to start going off, but the store remained quiet and still. There were no villagers happening about at this hour. It was getting late enough that the black night had begun to lighten to a deep blue. 

Florence used the nose of her rifle to scatter the leftover triangles of glass from the window frame. And then she leapt through, gun-first, as if that little guinea pig shopkeeper was waiting inside with a gun. But the store was empty, and they took all four pickaxes from the front display. Malina kicked down the door to the storage room and found four more in a box full of heavy tools. She picked up a hammer too and hung it on her belt. As a second thought, she offered one to Daphne.

“Here,” she said. “This is better close quarters than a gun.”

“Jesus,” Clint muttered.

But Daphne took the hammer and swung it lazily, as if trying to get a feel for the heft of it. She smiled and admitted, “Okay, that’s pretty cool.” The girl slung it from the water bottle strap on her backpack. 

Florence turned away to hide her smile. 

“We should hurry,” Clint said, nervously. He had no idea how long the walk to town could take without the train. Perhaps they would luck out and the group had waited there by the bench for hours for the train before finally giving up and walking down the track. Or they got unlucky, and the party following close behind them knew Florence’s playbook well enough to predict that she would sabotage their easy way into town.

Either way, he did not want to stand around here and wait to find out.

“Who was it?” Malina asked Florence, softly, as they all snuck behind the little row of shops. There were thin and brindled trees here, like the sickly remains of a once-grand forest. They had never tried to reach the train station without using the main path before, but Clint led them along the edge of the creek. It was a circular, indirect way of going about it, one that took them in a sickle-shaped loop around the train track, so that they could come upon the station from the north. 

“Just where the hell are you taking us?” Florence asked, her voice loud enough that Clint had to stifle the immediate urge to shush her.

Clint paused to show them all on the map how his path would lead them back to the same narrow forest in which he and Malina had hidden to await Florence’s arrival.

“We can see if anyone’s there,” he said, trying vainly to use the sleeve of one of his arms as a sort of umbrella to protect his damp map from getting any wetter. “And if the coast is clear, we can take what we need and run.”

“Big if,” Malina muttered. She looked at Florence. “Do you know who we’ll be dealing with?”

“I know most of those boys and girls well enough to know if they’re going to shoot, and when, and how.” She smirked around like she was proud of this fact. “Their leader now is this punkass kid named Atlas. He’s personable as hell. Excellent shot. He’s been in my gang since one of our very first days.” She stared hard at the ground. Then, to Clint’s surprise, she voiced what the small, critical voice at the back of his mind wondered: “Maybe if I’d just told him all this shit, none of this would have worked out this way.”

“No going back now,” Malina muttered, almost like it was a curse.

Daphne had lost her shivers, at last, but her eyes were wide, her pupils tight with panic. She seemed to be walking blindly, just staring at Clint’s heels and following him without looking. She kept bumping into trunks and branches and tripping over roots. 

He reached out to grip her elbow. “Hey,” he whispered, “are you okay? Are you hungry or something?”

“They’re going to be there, aren’t they? They’re going to be there and they’re going to kill us all.”

“Oh, Daph. You can wait here, if you want. Malina can wait with you.”

“Don’t be stupid,” Malina spat. “If they’re there you’re good as dead.”

“If they’re there all four of us would be good as dead.” Florence’s words fell like a guillotine. 

Clint winced as Daphne’s face twisted in boundless panic. The blue of her eyes swelled with storms.

“You could have put that a different way,” Clint hissed to her.

“I don’t like lying to people.” 

“So, what happens when you get fucking obliterated? We just keep going on?” Malina’s voice was strained with disbelief. 

“Exactly.” Clint swallowed, trying to clear the dryness from his throat. “It’s better some of us live than none of us.”

Florence removed her pack and placed it at Malina’s feet. “Here. You all will need it more than us, if we don’t come back.”

Daphne tried to control the rising hitch of her breath, and her eyes sought Clint’s desperately. “There has to be a way we do this where you don’t *die*.” 

“Don’t overreact. I’m not going to die.” He squeezed her shoulder and smiled like he was unafraid. “See you soon, kiddo.”

And then he and Florence pressed forward, into the thickening trees. They carried only their guns, extra ammunition, and a pair of pick axes between the two of them.

They did not speak. They walked low and crouching, guns drawn. Florence held her rifle like it was an old friend. When one of them wanted to pause to check the map, they tugged on the other’s sleeve and stopped in wordless agreement. Clint felt closer to her in those moments of silence than he ever had when they were speaking. Her face was unguarded tension, the same unspeakable fear he had.

She, too, was scared of death. Real death. Whatever hell awaited them beyond this demented pseudo-purgatory.

Together, they looped around the train station, giving it a wide enough berth that Clint could only see its faint glimmer through the trees. He would have liked to stay down it the forest, where the shadows and brambles hid them, but the tracks did not pass the forest. There was a good twenty feet of cleared group on either side of the track that had to be crossed, unguarded. Then they each had to stoop, pry four massive railroad stakes apiece out of the ground, and carry them back as noiselessly as possible through the woods once more.

“This is fucking crazy,” Clint whispered as they hunkered down low at the edge of the forest, listening hard. Three hours ago, when he sat waiting for Florence’s train to finally pull up, he had never imagined it would turn out like this.

For a moment, he could only hear Florence’s drawn, smileless laugh and the cruel rain. She held her rifle on both hands, and the nose of it roved with her eyes, tracing every uncertain shadow like it could be hiding someone deep inside.

Clint almost wanted to say, *I think we’d hear them, if they were here.*

But then a sound that might as well have been gunfire: a man’s laugh rising like a bird before the night plunged back into near-silence.

Florence clutched Clint’s forearm without looking at him. She stuck her head out of their hiding place to peer as long down the train tracks as she could. “You heard that,” she said, not quite a question.

“It sounded close.” Clint shifted his pistol from hand to hand to wipe off his damp palms.

“Not as close as it could be.”

Then, without waiting for Clint to answer, she bolted out of their hiding place. Her pickax hung from her belt, and its heavy handle slammed into her thigh with every step. She dropped down to one knee and wedged the pickax under one of the slats of the track itself. She pried backward, like it was a hammer.

Clint stole across the open grass after her. His belly was alive with adrenaline, burning and storming all at once. He tried to copy her method, but the wet boards kept snapping under the force of his pickax. “Fuck,” he muttered, his voice tight and rising. He plunged the tooth of the ax under the spike and pried it up out of the ground.

They were close enough now that Clint could hear the occasional clink and call of their packs, rattling. Bullets or beer cans or who knew what else, but it was unignorable: a small, shuffling army, somewhere out there in the darkness.

“How heavily armed are they?” he hissed.

Florence splintered the wood around the head of another spike and tore up the damp earth around it with her pickax. With her bare hand she wrenched the stake out of the ground. Her palm came up bloody and swollen for the effort. “Very.”

They kept going, shattering boards and ripping up stakes, until at last eight sat on the ground between them. Clint began shoving them in his sweater pocket, wincing at the clink of metal on metal.

Florence’s head snapped to the left, and before Clint could ask her what she’d heard, she threw herself at him. She seized him by his shoulders and pulled him down hard into the earth.

Clint’s head smacked against the metal arm of the railroad. For a moment, his vision was full of pulsing white. And then he blinked and spat scarlet into the earth, and around the strange ringing inside his skull, he could hear why she had pushed him down.

Gunshots. Closer than he could have imagined.

Florence hauled Clint to his feet. The world tipped unsteadily away from them.

He leaned forward and retched stomach acid.

Florence wrapped her arm around his waist like a vice and roared at him, “We have to run *now*.”

For all his dizziness, Clint ran.
***
 || 
***
For a few long minutes, the train was silent except for the rattle of the rain. The air smelled of iron and meat, a strange scent like raw chicken left out for too long. They occupied two rows of seats at the very back of the train car. Daphne wedged herself into the corner between Clint and the wall, as if trying to hide herself the best she could from Florence. 

Malina and Florence sat in the same row, separated only by the aisle. They both sat coiled and tensed, as if they wanted to be the first to spring up and make a mad dash for the guns.

“Maybe,” Clint ventured, breaking the silence, “we should start with telling each other how we got here.”

“Hard pass,” Malina muttered.

“It would be a meaningful display of trust,” he started.

Malina cut him off with caustic laugh. “I don’t think having communal fucking story time is going to resolve the number of bullets this bitch has flung our way.”

“If you’ll recall,” Florence said, icily, “we met because when we were searching a house, you chose to start shooting at us as a means of introduction.”

“Because that was *my* house, bitch.”

Florence’s brows shot up at that word. “You’re making me strongly reconsider this teamwork thing that your buddy here is suggesting.”

“Clint,” he reminded her. A vain part of him hoped that knowing his name and his story would make Florence… care. At least care enough not to keep trying to kill them.

“Right,” Florence said, like she did not intend to remember it. She reached up and squished at her tight curls absently, like she was thinking. And then she said, “How am I supposed to trust that none of you are going to try to kill me in the middle of the night?”

“Because I already had the chance to kill you.” Clint shrugged.

“And you should have taken it,” Malina spat at him.

“Well, if you’d chosen to shoot me the day we first met, I wouldn’t be here. Rachel would be dead.” He paused, looked at Florence, and explained, “My girlfriend. We died on the same day.”

Florence asked him, her tone flat and guarded, “Yeah?” 

He took that as close as she would come to asking him for more information. “Yeah. Car accident.” Clint touched the spot on his temple where the skin was slippery and shiny, jagged as a creek bed. “I bled out trying to save her.” He glanced around the circle. “What about all of you?”

No one spoke.

Clint pressed his lips into a thin line and sighed. “You don’t have to tell each other. But I think we should remember we’re all here for the same reason, right? Death gave us another chance. And if we kill each other every time he get the chance, we’re letting all those people die, too.”

“Unless there can be only one winner,” Florence murmured without looking up.

Daphne’s voice quickened with fear. “Wouldn’t the rules have said that?” 

That made the gang boss laugh at her. “Do you think that Death is above lying to us?”

Clint sank back in his seat and folded his arms over his chest. “I think whatever’s waiting for us at the end of this game, we can figure it out.” He made eye contact with each of them as he spoke. His look was serious and tired. “But we’re spending all this time killing each other or fuckin’ trying not to be killed, and I’m sick of it. I’d rather we just work together. Keep each other safe. Save whoever we’re here to save.”

“You’re a beautiful optimist,” Malina muttered to him.

“Can I… can I ask you a question?” Daphne’s voice was thin and nervous, and she could barely look at Florence as she spoke.

“Who? Me?” Florence relaxed back in her seat and smirked at her, and for once the look was more amusement than derision. “You just did, but you could ask another.”

“Why did you kill all those people?”

She rested her elbows on her knees and leaned forward, looking at Daphne seriously. The way a soldier would look at another soldier. Florence said, “Because I didn’t want to die. And I don’t take risks.” She gestured at their impromptu meeting and laughed. “This being a meaningful exception.”

Daphne looked like she was thinking hard about that for a moment. And then she ventured, “We’ve all been scared of you for a long time.” She looked at Clint and Malina anxiously. “Or at least I have.”

Clint laughed, humorlessly. “I have too, Daph.”

That seemed to make Florence preen. She smirked between them. “And?”

“And it’s just hard not to keep being scared of you.”

“That’s okay. Fear is healthy.”

“Distrust isn’t,” Malina muttered.

Florence scoffed. “I’m not exactly convinced to believe that you’re all being honest with me either, you know.”

“Oh, I respect that.” He leaned back, trying to look casual. “Particularly after you just survived a mutiny.”

Daphne’s stare snapped to Florence in stunned disbelief. “What *happened?*”

Florence sighed through her teeth. “I made a mistake.” She thumped her fist against her knee and pinned her restless darting eyes to the floor. For a moment, she didn’t seem to be thinking constantly of those guns; she was somewhere deep inside her own mind. “I lied to my men. And they realized it.”

Malina arched her eyebrows and started to retort.

Clint held up his hand and said, “Seriously, just, shut the fuck up for a *second*.” 

“Excuse you—”

“The new rule is you can’t talk if you’re not going to be decent. So until you can be decent, stop trying to actively make shit worse.” Clint did not bother hiding his frustration. Malina looked stunned, as if he had slapped her across the face. He shifted his stare to Florence and did his best to soften it. “What happened?”

“I figured out it was the book, eventually. It was a real pain in the ass, though. We walked up and down the aisles for days trying to figure out what the hell you found in there.” She snorted. “One of my boys pieced it together when he realized that there were about a fifty or sixty copies of just this *one book*. Nothing else had that much repetition. It had to be significant.” Florence raised her stare, and her dark eyes were dewy. “And I swore the men who were with me that day to absolute secrecy. Those were the two people you just murdered.”

“Murdered is a real fuckin’ self-righteous word coming from someone like you,” Malina said.

Florence sneered. “*Everyone* is here to save someone they love. Don’t you get that already? Of course it’s murder. These are real people. But it’s better them than us.” She flickered her stare away again. “Anyway. We didn’t want the word to get out. So we burned down the library.” 

“But why?” Daphne interrupted, stricken, as if they were *real* books gone up in smoke.

“Wouldn’t you want fewer people coming shooting at you?” Florence dug a packet of cigarettes out of her pocket and lit one up. “If no one knew about the book, no one could know how to move forward.

The corner of Clint’s mouth quirked in a smile. Even now, after all this, some part of him instantly wanted to chide her *don’t smoke around a kid, dude*.

“Solid point,” Malina conceded. “I have to admit I’m a bit grateful for that.”

Florence smirked. “I know. I’m good at eradicating competition.”

Clint pressed his palms together. He tried to silence the anxious burning feeling to move forward, go go go. This took time. He told himself it had to be worth it. “What did you lie about that was bad enough for your own men to betray you?”

“I didn’t tell the rest of them about the book.” She sighed. “It was all about the contingency. If there really was a limit on how many could win, it was better they didn’t know how we were getting our answers.”

Malina’s brows were still furrowed in frustration and disbelief, but even she seemed to be cooling, degree by degree. Florence was just as ruthless as her reputation made her seem, but Clint had to admit there was a reason to it. A brutal calculation. 

But Malina surprised Clint by asking, “How did they figure it out? That you were hiding it?”

“Some of them felt like it was too convenient. That we just kept guessing the right way.” Her look went sour. “And they searched our shit in the middle of the night and found it. Took it. Most of the boys on my side died, but a few got away alive with me.” She smiled. “Cerberus took care of most of them.”

“And now it’s just you,” Malina said.

“I suppose it looks like it.”

The seconds dragged by like iron through sand. Malina finally said, “I’m here for my son.”

“My dad,” Daphne offered.

Florence looked at the two of them. At Clint. And then she said, softly, “For me it’s my sister.”

“Well, then.” Malina stood up and slapped her thighs. “Fuck it. I guess we’d better go.”

Florence tensed and lurched to her feet. Her stare darted sideways, towards the guns.

Malina stuck a hand out to her. “I promise I won’t shoot you if you don’t shoot me.”

For a few seconds, Florence just sat staring at her. Then she drew herself up to her feet and clasped Malina’s hand, gave it a firm shake. She was at least half a foot taller than Malina, not including the afro. Her smile was wide, and Clint wondered if it was genuine this time. “That’s a good deal.”

They walked side-by-side down the end of the train car to retrieve their guns. Clint didn’t let his breath go until Florence plucked up the rifle, cleared the chamber, and slung it on her back. She patted down the man’s pockets for spare ammunition. Then, before she turned to go, she closed his stunned, gaping eyes. Under the pelting rain, it seemed like she was murmuring some kind of prayer.

“If they know about the book,” Daphne said, nervously, “that means they could come after us.”

Florence snorted. “If this is the only train, they’re sure as shit taking the long road.” She passed them all a sly smirk. “Why do you think I hijacked it in the first place?”

And then she led the way out of the car.

“I can’t believe you signed us all up for this,” Malina murmured at Clint when he passed her, so softly that he could barely hear her. But her face was dark and booming as the sky overhead.

Clint couldn’t help his laugh, something like relief and disbelief all at once. “I can’t believe you went along with it.”

They followed their new team member into the night.
***
 || 
***
Clint wanted to stop and check the map, check and see if those people had noticed them. But the moment he broke through the trees, Florence took his arm and hissed at him, “Keep low. Keep quiet.”

Clint did as he was told. The fogginess was still there, dense and palpable in that aching space behind his eyes, on the back of his head. But the water had stunned him to attention. The trees sped past them as they ran, and Clint crashed through brush and branches, stumbling, nearly falling. The forest here was thick and wild in a way that the cluster of trees near the tracks had not been. Here the snarling undergrowth reached for Clint’s legs, the low-hanging trees slapping and scratching his face constantly. He couldn’t hunch himself as low as Florence could without losing his balance or the thin contents of his stomach (again).

Somewhere behind them, beyond the rain, he could hear people bellowing. Footsteps pounding across the bridge. His belly was a well of burning fear.

Florence did not let go of him. That much was a relief. She gripped his hand like they were children lost in the woods, and when he slipped and crashed toward the ground, she held him up firmly and heaved him back to his feet. 

They ran like that deeper and deeper into the woods. It was a blind, desperate run, like Florence too had no plan on where they were going but *away*.

The hurt in his head was profound and pulsing. The world began to spin all around them, and he felt like he was trying to run on a rotating treadmill. He collapsed against a wide cedar tree and did not move, even when Florence gave his arm a vicious jerk.

“We have to go,” she said, urgently.

“I can’t.” He gasped, clutched his head in both hands, and fell hard onto his ass. He leaned against he bark and tried to find his breath. “I can’t. Just leave me. I can’t.”

He could barely hear his own words. Every time he twisted his neck, the thick blanket of dried blood there cracked and split, and little stars burst across his vision. 

The tree just a foot over Clint’s head burst in a shower of splintered wood and burning bark. Clint yelped in surprise and fell to the ground with Florence. They hunkered down there as the bullets bit into the tree, then stopped. There was a distant warning of breaking branches.

And Florence snapped at him, “I’m not fucking leaving you here. Get down and cover your head. Keep your pistol out.”

“What are you—”

Florence didn’t give him time to ask his question. She melted away into the trees, silent and sinuous, bent down low to the earth. She held her rifle in both hands.

Clint curled up, hugging the burning in his head. Even lying still, the world gently rotated around him, like he was trapped inside a steel drum turning on its side. He fought the bile rising in his belly. He folded both arms over his head.

For a moment, the forest lay silent. The rain pattered against the pines, and the crickets hummed, but there were no sounds of men and guns. Sometimes, a stick or dry needles would crunch and break loudly in the growing dawn, and Clint would tense up, certain that someone was about to stumble onto his hiding place.

And then, somewhere out there in the woods, someone began shooting. The brief *rat-tat-tat* of someone’s gun. A strangled cry that cut short. 

A symphony of gunfire filled the forest. Clint dared to sit up straight and peer through the brush that hid him (as well as it could) from sight. He could not see anything in the trees before him, and he stared for a long few moments, waiting.

Then, from his left, the sound of someone crashing and breaking through the trees. A man broke through. He carried an assault rifle and ran pitching and falling and eternally glancing backward, like he was running for his life. And then Clint saw why.

Florence crept through the brush behind him. Her every step was slow and measured. She blended in too well with the fleeing dark, the long shadows of the trees. If not for the glint of her gun, Clint would not have seen her.

The man slipped in the undergrowth and hit the ground hard. He gripped his wrist, seething in pain, and whipped his head around to look. And when he saw Florence there, coiled up like a panther, he began shrieking, “Help! Help! Across the bridge! There’s—”

Florence’s aim was deadly precise. Two of her three shots struck his skull, and the second of them burst the top of his scalp open, like a burst cantaloupe. His skull fell forward, his neck rubbery and slack, and the man lay there, his lightless eyes still wide with shock.

Florence glanced in Clint’s direction and held up a couple of fingers. His vision was too blurry to quite tell. But he wasn’t sure if that was how many men she’d killed, or how many were left. 

But before Clint could gesture her over, she slipped back into the woods. Her footsteps were velvet soft, and he could not hear where she disappeared to.

He fought the urge to move. To get up and run. And moments later, he was glad he did.

Three of Atlas’s crew broke through the trees. Clint guessed they came from the bridge, but his sense of direction was so utterly broken, he could not quite remember which direction he and Florence had come from, either. He pressed himself back down against the earth and covered his face with his arms, leaving just a tiny sliver between his sleeves to squint at them through the brush. He willed himself into nothing, into a shadow in the dark not worth checking.

Two men and a woman stood just thirty feet from him, staring down at their fallen comrade.

One of the men said, dismally, “I’ll clear the body. You keep an eye out for who the fuck did this.”

“Oh, we know who the fuck did this,” the woman said, bitterly. “He should have killed Florence when he had the chance.”

The third man hissed at them both, “Just shut up, alright?” He held his rifle up, the stock nestled into his shoulder. He panned the muzzle toward the trees. Clint held his breath until the gun revolved past him once more.

And then the man who had silenced them all produced a radio from his pocket and started, “This is Unit 4. We’ve had gunfire in the woods just—”

The bullet’s scream reverberated through the woods moments after it buried itself into the back of the man’s skull. Blood dribbled out, thick and red, and for a moment he just stood there, opening and closing his mouth, like he couldn’t quite believe this was happening. The man started to turn, woodenly, and the next bullet caught the side of his neck, the third his stunned face. He fell to the earth beside his partner, his radio crackling as someone on the other end of it demanded, “What’s your location? Jeffery, what’s your location?”

The other two still alive turned to dive behind the trees. One of them paused to grab her fallen comrade’s gun. She wrangled it out from under his arm and just got it slung over her shoulder when something snapped her head to her right, the stand of trees just in front of Clint. She swung her gun up to meet the sound—then staggered back like she had been punched. There was a hole in her shoulder, just large enough for Clint to see bits of the forest among the broken strings of tissue and muscle.

The bellow of the shotgun reached Clint’s ears a second later. He couldn’t help his grin when Malina leapt out of the trees with her shotgun at the ready. Before the woman could react, Malina’s shotgun tore a gaping hole into her skull. She collapsed beside her teammates.

Clint burst upright to yell, “Malina, there’s someone in the trees!”

“You think I don’t fucking know that?” she returned, and then the man in the trees began shooting, wildly. The arc of his bullets cut just over Malina’s head, in part because she ducked down at the first cry of his gun. She fled back into the underbrush, cracking open her shotgun to replace its spent shells as she went. 

Clint threw himself back down, his heart racing. The pounding of his pulse was so loud he could barely hear around the *thum thum* of his own blood. The rifle fire had ceased, and in the woods beyond Clint, he could make out the sound of breaking branches, someone stumbling through the undergrowth. 

And then the man whimpering, “No, boss, please, I made a mistake—” 

A single sharp cry from the rifle cut him off.

Malina emerged from the trees once more with her shotgun still up, its muzzle roving the tree line like a sentinel. She raised her voice to yell, “Is that all of them?” 

From somewhere among the trees, Florence answered, “Just about.”

Clint pushed himself upright and leaned back against the tree trunk behind him. His dizziness had subsided just enough to give him more of a turntable feeling, which was better, he supposed, than feeling the whole world turn upside down around him. 

Malina’s shotgun dipped low with something like relief. She jogged across the small clearing to Clint’s hiding spot. And stood above him, panting and grinning and offering him her hand.

He accepted it, gratefully. With Malina’s help, he staggered back to his feet.

She threw her arms around his middle and hugged him fiercely for a moment. Over her shoulder, Florence crept out of the woods with her gun. Her dark pants were speckled in someone else’s blood. When she saw Clint, she offered a brief, grim smile before crouching down to search the dead. She threw everything useful off to the side in a pile. 

Malina let Clint go and gestured toward the back of his head. “Let me see what happened.”

“We should get going,” Florence said. She tossed the man’s radio to the side along with a couple spare magazines, the pair of rifles. Bandages. Rattling bottles of pain medicine. She pushed them both onto their bellies to wrangle off their backpacks. 

Clint winced in pain and snapped his focus away from the dead. Malina was up on her tiptoes, pushing delicately at the swelling around growing scab. Her touch felt cold and sudden as a needle, and he hissed between his teeth, “Please fuckin’ don’t.”

“What happened?”

“He hit his head.” Florence approached carrying the gear and the bags. She nodded at Malina and tossed one of the bags to her. Then, with a tense smile, offered Clint one rifle, and Malina the other. “Don’t shoot either of us, dizzy boy.”

“*How* did he hit his head?” Her glare sharpened on Florence.

“We can discuss this when we’re further away from the bastards who want to kill us, yeah?” And then Florence looped one arm wordlessly around Clint again, and he leaned into her unsteadily. 

Malina seemed to be slowly sinking out of his field of vision as she said, “Jesus, he’s fucked up.”

“Yeah. I know.” Florence pawed into Clint’s sweater pocket and passed the railroad spikes to Malina.

“Where’s Daph?” he said, his panic sudden and bright. 

“Hiding by the level exit.” Malina shoved the spikes into her backpack and zipped it up. She nodded to Florence’s hip. “I’ll take those axes off you, if you want.”

Florence smiled in this rare huge way and admitted, “I’d fucking love that, honestly. They’ve bruised the hell out of my thighs.” She handed them off to her teammate.

Malina smiled too. It was small and tight-lipped, like she was trying to suppress it, and it was darkening fast. Then she turned her head and snapped her fingers close to Clint’s face.

Clint opened his eyes and blinked, hard. 

“Stay conscious,” Malina said, her voice stern and worried. “You have to climb down a mountain soon.”

***

Florence was half-dragging Clint through the forest by the time they finally reached the ravine. She was red-faced and panting and when she lowered to help Clint ease to the ground, she collapsed beside him, panting.

She heaved off her backpack and gasped, “I hope these fuckers carried anything to drink other than goddamn *beer*.”

Daphne popped out from behind a tree a few dozen yards away and sprinted over to them. When she was close enough, she called out as loudly as she dared, “Where’s Malina? What happened to Clint?” 

Her voice was rising and urgent with panic. It seemed loud as a bullet to Clint’s swollen head. He pressed his palms to his eyes and shushed her gently. “It’s fine, Daph. Not so loud.”

“Malina went after you guys. She went to help.”

“Oh, I know.” Florence upended the backpack and pawed through it until she found a water bottle. She took a few long sips, savoring it. Then she said, “She found us. She was scouting behind us, making sure no one followed. She has one of their radios.” Florence waved at the trees, dismissively. “She’s a good shot. She’ll be fine.”

Daphne’s brows furrowed. She didn’t seem wholly satisfied with that answer. She dropped down to her knees behind Clint and gaped at the back of his head, her face twisted with fear. “You’re hurt. You’re really, really hurt.”

“I’m fine,” Clint tried to insist. He curled up onto his side and hugged his pulsing head with his arms. “I think I hit my head.”

Florence dug into the zippered front pocket of the backpack and pulled out a bottle of medicine. She dumped out two in her palm and nudged Clint’s shoulder with the water bottle. “Sit up and take these, honey,” she said, like Clint was a child.

Clint pushed himself upright against and instantly hated himself for it. He washed the pills down with a wince. “Just give me the whole fuckin’ thing,” he muttered.

“You’re not going to climb down that—” Florence gestured out toward the sharp-slanting rock face “—both stoned and concussed.”

The bushes behind them broke open. Florence started to lunge for her gun and relaxed when Malina waved a hand and said, “Hey.”

“See.” Their new team member smiled lightly at Daphne. “Alive and well. No need to worry.”

“Tell me what happened to Clint.” Malina marched over, still holding her rifle in both hands. “Now.”

“He fell and hit his head on the fucking railroad track.” She began stuffing things back in the backpack, scowling at Malina.

“*How?*” Her tone and face both twisted with anger and distrust.

“Fuck off, Mals. She saved my life.”

“Shut up,” Malina snapped. “You’re concussed.”

“Someone shot at us and I didn’t want him to get hit, so I knocked him down. Yes, I feel like a fucking asshole. Thank you for solidifying it.” Florence heaved the backpack upright and tossed the railroad spikes onto the ground in front of her. “We need to tape these onto our shoes and start getting down the fucking mountain *now*. There’s no more time to waste.”

“Can’t we wait for Clint to get better?” Daphne tried.

“They’re trying to kill us.” Malina’s voice was clipped and strained. “We can’t just sit around at a time like this.”

“I’ll be fine,” Clint told her. 

So he sat there feeling stupid as Florence and Daphne worked together to tape a pair of spikes to the bottom of each of his shoes. Florence tapped the bottom of his boot, where a huge chunk of the sole was ripped away. “What happened there?” she asked, smirking.

“That’s from one of the times you shot at me.”

And to Clint’s surprise, they both started laughing. Malina frowned over at them. 

Florence said, “Sorry, about that.”

Clint shrugged. “Thanks for bringing me back here.”

He sank into the soft, comfortable haze of the painkillers as his friends strapped their own spikes on with layers and layers of duct tape. It felt stupid and strange, but it would have to do. 

They all hobbled over to the edge of the cliff and stared down it.

Clint laughed at the abyss waiting below them. “This is utterly fucking stupid,” he said.

And then he sank a pickax into the soft side of the cliff, turned his back to the drop off, and began to climb down.
***
 || 
***
The smoke choked the chambers of town hall, thick and acrid. When Clint inhaled, little live ashes exploded against his throat, and he felt raw and singed throughout. Like he too was burning as slowly as the building around them. Daphne held tightly onto his waist, but she was coughing and wheezing into his back so hard she could not respond to him shouting, “Hey? Hey, are you alright?” She only squeezed his hand and stumbled with him out the door.

Malina lead the way, the half-conscious mayor slung on her shoulder. 

Clint glanced behind them. Beyond the veil of smoke, bodies lay spread on the wood floor. He had not expected it to turn his stomach. He had seen dead people before, but nothing quite as brutal as this. There were people with heads smashed open like hamburger meat, limbs so thoroughly trampled they lay flung out: flat, swollen, blackening. The last face he saw before disappearing out that door was Dodger, his shock still perfectly preserved on his face. He looked so small and helpless, eyes so wide with terror. His shirt was lined with bootprints, his dark fur already starting to singe.

When they were out in the clear air, Clint took two heaving breaths and yelled at Malina, “She’s here!”

“Who?” The color bled from Malina’s cheeks, instantly. Her arms went so slack she nearly dropped the mayor. “Tell me you don’t mean Florence.”

Daphne pushed away from Clint and nodded. She doubled over and grasped her knees, gasping for breath. 

Malina threw her shotgun over her bare shoulder and swore.

“Do you have asthma or something?” Clint asked, then wondered at the back of his mind if asthma was a thing dead people could have.

“Ha. Ghost inhaler,” Malina said, and Clint couldn’t help his grin.

“No, no.” She sank onto the ground and palmed her hair out of her eyes. Her breath came in ragged hitching wheezes. “I just h-hate fire.”

Malina’s eyes pinned Clint in place. “How many people did she bring?”

He checked his copy of the Rules one more time. “It looks like just three.”

“That doesn’t make sense. She had so many guys.” 

“Something must have happened to them.” Clint snorted and smirked. “Cerberus, probably.”

“We have to keep looking at the book,” Daphne managed, her voice hoarse and still tight with panic. 

Clint wanted to ask her what was wrong, but it was all too much: an entire wall and most of the roof of town hall were now engulfed in flames. The villagers and farmers still alive were mostly fleeing back to their homes. Some brawled in the grass, churning up the mud in the pouring rain. A villager took a mad swipe at a farmer’s skull, and she ducked out of the way of his shovel just seconds before he scattered her brains across the earth.

“Jesus,” Clint muttered. “I’m starting to think the right answer was kill the fucking lot of them.”

“Well, we lost our chance for that, Mr. Pacifist.” But Malina didn’t look particularly bitter. She looked tired and fixed, like she had already made up her mind about something unyielding. “You know there’s only one thing we can do now, right?”

She wasn’t looking at Clint. She was watching the skeleton of the town hall reveal itself under the tongues of fire.

“What?” he said.

“Kill her. We’ve got the numbers and the advantage. We know she has to end up at the train station at the edge of town. There’s no other possibility.”

“You mean to ambush her,” Clint murmured.

Malina twisted her thumb to pull the release lever on her shotgun. It snapped open to reveal a pair of shiny metal shells. She smoothed her thumb over them as if to reassure herself they were real. “Yeah, I do mean to get that bitch out of my life forever. I’m tired of running scared that she’s gonna shoot the shit out of us every single time she shows up.”

Daphne was just watching the fire. She had a distant look in her eyes, as if she was a thousand years away from all of this, floating in some memory that Clint couldn’t grasp. She opened and shut her mouth like she wanted to say something.

Clint put an arm around her shoulders even though he was sweaty and soot-smeared. “Hey,” he murmured into her scalp. “Are you okay?”

She nodded, but her eyes didn’t leave the ravaging fire. They didn’t lose their wide white fear.

Clint kissed the top of her head like she really was his sister. And then he let her go and looked at the mayor still hanging off of Malina’s shoulder. “What do we do about her, then?”

“Does it all matter?” Malina set the mayor down less gently than she could have. The mayor groaned but did not get up. She nudged the mayor with her toe. “Hey. Are you awake now?”

“No,” the mayor moaned into the mud.

Clint sighed at Malina and squatted down to try to look the mayor in the eye. He smoothed her blood-matted hair out of her face and asked, “Hey. Why are they all mad as hell at you? For real?”

The mayor spat blood into the grass. “Some taxes may have disappeared.” Her voice sounded tiny, tired, and broken.

“And you let the farmers take the blame for it?” 

She laughed. Her teeth were shiny with spit and blood. “A few of them took a cut, really. But most… most had no idea. I thought if I said that the taxes were going to benefit farmers, people wouldn’t notice or care.” Ciacco stared beyond him. She regarded the silver pepper of the stars with a bitter smile. “Turns out they did.” Now her eyes locked onto Clint’s. “I never thought it would end up like this.”

“We don’t have time for this,” Malina snapped. “We have to go cut that bitch off *now*. I’m not playing hunt-Florence-through-the-forest, mmkay?”

“Malina’s right,” Daphne whispered. She managed to break her eyes away from the fire. “We have to leave.”

“We’re not just going to *leave* her here. They’ll kill her.”

“So?” Malina didn’t hide her derision. “She’s already dead, right? Just a spirit playing a character.”

“Then we shouldn’t hate her for being the character she was cast as.” Clint picked the mayor up like she was a sleeping child. And if it weren’t for all the blood and the bruises already swelling around her eyes, she might have looked like one. “We’ll take her with us. Worst case scenario, we just leave her by the train station, right? Maybe they can take her to a town with a hospital or something.”

“You should have given this much of a shit about Rosco.” Malina scowled down at the mayor. “He was a much better character.”

Clint couldn’t explain himself. Why he cared so much. Why he didn’t want to let a mob tear this person apart, even if this all was an elaborate game, even if she had perhaps done something to deserve it.

“Are we going or not?” he asked.

Malina pressed her lips into a thin angry line, her brows furrowed deeply. “Fine. But she’s your fucking problem, okay?”

Daphne looked anxiously between the two of them, like she could not quite get used to them fighting. And she said, “If we’re going to do it, we have to hurry.” Her gun looked comically over-sized in her little hands, but she gripped it fiercely. 

Together, they jogged up the path, back toward the train station. Ciacco gasped with pain every time she rattled against Clint’s chest, and when he asked what was wrong, she only seethed back, “My fucking *ribs*,” and then they said nothing else for the rest of the rainy scramble through the dark.

When they reached the train station, perhaps a ten-minute walk, they found it dead and deserted. It was a humble thing, just a platform with a roof, to keep waiting passengers out of the rain. From here, the smoke almost looked like low-hanging storm clouds. If it weren’t for the low sheen of orange on the horizon, the town almost looked normal and peaceable still. 

Clint settled Ciacco down against the base of a tree, where she was as shielded from sight and gunfire as he could hope for. He bent over her for a moment, clutching his knees and gasping, and asked, “Why did you do it?”

“What do you mean?”

“Steal all that money from people.”

Ciacco opened and closed her mouth. For a long minute, she said nothing at all.

Over the rain, Clint could hear the distant chug of the train’s engine growing ever closer. 

Malina bounded over to his side and tugged hard on his elbow. “Forget about her,” she snapped. “The plot is over, alright? None of it matters.”

But Clint did not break his stare with Ciacco. 

The mayor looked away and sighed. “There isn’t a good reason. I wanted it so I took it.”

Clint wanted to press her, but there was no more time. He stood up and turned to face Malina and Daphne. Daphne seemed to have shaken the worst of her fear. She had her familiar determined look, and she held her gun like she was no longer afraid of it.

“Are you ready?” he asked them.

“We’ll hide behind the trees,” Malina said, her voice thick with irritation. “The ones nearest to the track, on the other side.” She gestured to the wall of spruce on the north end of the track. It started only five feet back from the train stop, just close enough to give them the right advantage. She looked at Daphne with dismissive reluctance. “Maybe you should just wait with the mayor.”

“No,” the girl and Clint said at once. Clint squeezed Daphne’s shoulder and answered for the both of them, “If something goes wrong, we want Daphne close so we can keep her safe.”

“Good point,” Malina conceded. 

“I can keep myself safe,” the girl said, indignantly, her cheeks reddening. But she looked relieved not to have to reveal her own fear in so many words.

“Keep quiet,” Clint said to the mayor, and then the three of them hurried across the tracks. They hunkered down behind the trees with their guns resting against their knees and waited.

It only took a few minutes for the train to come roaring up to its stop. It seemed like it was going too fast, and when it stopped, it screeched so badly that the sound made Clint drop his pistol and clap his hands over his ears. The train shuddered and jolted and finally stopped a few feet past the platform. From his vantage point, Clint could see through the glass window of the train’s back door. There were people moving inside.

He and Malina glanced at each other and knew each other’s plan instantly: they had to sneak forward. Had to get close enough for a good shot.

Together, they crawled on hands and knees through the mud and undergrowth until they at last came alongside the train. Its brakes were smoking, and when they came close enough, Clint could see the engineer’s door. It was spattered in blood, and a man who was certainly no fox stood where the conductor should have been. Over the hum of the rain, Clint could just hear him bellowing out his open window at his passengers, “Is everyone alright?”

Malina’s shotgun exploded beside him, the cry of it so sudden and booming that for a moment, Clint’s ears rang and screamed. He rubbed hard at his earlobe and muttered, “Jesus, Mal.”

But the man in the conductor’s compartment slumped dead out the window, a huge chunk of his skull missing.

Malina surged out from behind the treeline.

Clint offered Daphne a brittle smile before he followed Malina, pistol in hand.
***
 |So I'm not thrilled.

This guy named  started an app called Shortly ( / ) wherein he steals WP authors' work and rehosts them without their express permission.

I know this, because I'm one of those writers. 

**Why is this so damaging?**

Not only does this sever the link between author and audience, but *I* can get in trouble for trying to publish my own writing on Amazon because of someone else rehosting it without my consent--i.e. **stealing it**. It is ethically despicable, and at its legal worst can threaten the whole backbone of my professional goal in sharing all this writing with you lovely people, as I could get my book removed for attempting to publish **my own fucking content.**

On top of that, the app developer is requesting donations for the app he built, whose sole value is derived from content to which he has **absolutely no copyright claim**. It is an inarguable case of copyright infringement, and he's the reason I have to waste all this fucking time filing a DMCA takedown request and putting together this goddamn post instead of doing the thing we're all here for: *writing*.

So fuck this guy, right? Right.

##This is how you can help stop him: report his app on the Google/Apple markets.



This page does require you to paste in a link to the app itself, which you can .



This page is to file a complaint for intellectual property violations (which is what stealing someone's writing qualifies as). You can list the copyright holder as E.C. Static. 

You don't even have to type anything up! You can just copy and paste my brief statement. All that matters is that we make Google and Apple *notice* and *give a shit*. And we can be pretty loud. 

>I'm a fan of E.C. Static's writing, and this app developer is taking her work and the work of dozens of other writers from the www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts community without their permission. This is a blatant case of copyright infringement, particularly because the developer is requesting donations for an app whose only value comes from the content he has willfully stolen. The app developer is also in violation of Reddit's own clear copyright policy, opening your company up to the risk of litigation.

Thanks for your time! Sorry this is something stupid and annoying and not an extra chapter. ;(

I love and treasure you all. 

Better words tomorrow!    
Taylor

ETA: Further reading:| 
***
Clint’s mind felt like a table missing a leg, like he kept trying to set it upright and it simply kept falling over again, uselessly. Every bit of his energy went to doing exactly what Florence told him:

*Run. Keep running. Shut the fuck up. Run, Clint.* ***Run.*** 

She was saying it again. There, her words bubbled up like he had just broken the surface of water. He looked around in bewilderment. Someone held his hand so tightly his fingers hurt. Florence. Something warm and wet dribbled down the side of his neck. He let go of Florence to wipe it away, and his blood-slicked fingers looked black in the darkness. He came to a shuddering halt. 

“I’m bleeding?” Clint managed. His own voice seemed to slide and crash like a tipsy waiter. 

“*Run!*” was Florence’s answer, and she kept hauling him forward, into the dark. She had a pair of pick axes hanging from her belt, and Clint stared at them for a long few seconds before the stuck gears of his mind turned once, twice, gave him something useful:

They had come out here for railroad spikes. That was the heaviness rattling in his sweater pocket. He shoved a hand inside and gripped them in a tight fist, trying to keep them from scattering all over the forest floor. It took all his effort to focus on that and running forward, upright. He would have been stumbling and veering if Florence wasn’t pulling him along, if the sharp scream of adrenaline wasn’t flooding his brain.

There were no more bullets, but Florence didn’t stop. She was tearing through the undergrowth like a frightened deer. Her free hand held a pistol, her rifle still hanging off her shoulder. 

But then, beyond the rain came a rising scream. It took Clint a moment to recognize the mayor’s voice. She was shrieking, “No, no, please—”

The brief rattle of a machine gun silenced her. Silenced everything but the rain, as if the whole world was holding its breath to listen with them.

Clint whipped his head toward the sound and fell, dragging Florence down with him. He yelped, and she cursed, slapping him across the chest.

“Shut up,” she growled, “or we die.”

His aching mind could not hold onto much, but that much he could understand. He crawled after Florence through the brush, the ground cold and slippery with wet leaves. Florence kept glancing around, madly, like a scared dog. He knew something was wrong. Knew he should focus better than this.

He started, “Are they shoo—”

Florence clamped her own hand over his mouth. She shook her head and pointed toward the forest behind them. “Not yet,” she mouthed.

Then Clint heard it too. Footsteps, out there in the darkness. The crack of breaking branches and dead pine needles. People speaking in low distant voices.

Cold terror settled into Clint’s belly like a stone. He blinked back an immediate rush of tears. He could not hold much together, but this much he knew:

He was hurt.

His mind felt like a smashed bulb.

There were people out there in the darkness, eager to kill them.

He and Florence lay there on their bellies, shoulder-shoulder, heads pressed into the earth. And they waited.

The voices did not seem to move. They were all standing around the broken bit of track as if they were baffled by it. Or perhaps they were trying to strategize, plan ahead. Either way, those men stayed by the forest edge, their voices tense and overlapping. He could not hold onto their words long enough to make sense of them, but he could tell by Florence’s clenched fists and wide eyes that she was scared, too.

She cradled her rifle to her chest and whispered to Clint, so quietly he could barely hear her, “Did you hear them?” 

Clint shook his head.

All the color had drained from her dark face. She looked like beached wood, blank and bloodless. “They want to search the woods.”

“What?”

“We have to get up. We have to make a run for it.”

But before Clint could ask Florence if she was being fucking serious, a boom echoed throughout the valley. 

A shotgun. Malina’s shotgun.

The men took off toward the sound.

Florence did not hesitate. She leapt to her feet and pulled Clint up alongside her by his elbow. She was stronger than he expected and did not crumple when he staggered against her. The world spun and blurred, and she held him by his shoulders while he vomited into the grass. 

“I’m dead,” Clint groaned. “Why do I even *have* organs anymore? Fuck’s sake.”

“We have to go,” she hissed. “That bought us some time, but not much.”

Clint nodded. 

Florence grabbed his left arm and guided it back to his sweater pocket again. “Don’t fuckin’ drop these, okay?”

He nodded, feeling silly and dull and *tired*. God, he wanted to sleep. But Florence gripped his free hand and started guiding him forward again, through the trees and darkness. He did his best to hunch down low like she was, to try to make himself small and hidden in the brambles, But bending over felt like he lived a snow globe turned on its side, and he was lost in the sloshing back and forth of it behind his eyes. 

The forest was incomprehensible. Just tree after tree, curled fingers of brush that reached out to his jeans and sunk the teeth of their thorns into him, trying to make him stay. If Florence was not there, Clint was sure he would just wander in dizzy circles until someone finally caught sight of him and took fire. 

But at last the trees thinned. And beyond their branches, he could see the town. The night was lightening into a deep lavender. From here he could only see a distant house, the back of the downtown shops. But the town was silent and sleeping, its mayor quietest of all, now. 

Florence paused there on the forest’s edge. She dropped down to her knees and pulled Clint down alongside her. She pressed her finger to her lips and gestured with two fingers from her eyes to the horizon beyond. “Look for them,” she whispered.

Clint did his best, but he felt like he was squinting at a strip of old film. Every time he jolted his eyes forward, the frame changed, and he could not quite grasp how.

But even he couldn’t miss them. There, along the path at the edge of the shops, roved a band of men and women. He couldn’t see much in the dim, but what he could make out made his belly dip with fear: guns, and not just pistols, rifles and shotguns and submachine guns, all held at the ready; bulletproof vests; bulging knapsacks.

He could hear one of them crack to her companion, “Who fucked *this* place up?” and he laughed in answer.

“Where’s Mal and Daphne?” Clint muttered.

“Who knows. Hopefully she knew enough to run after getting their attention.” 

When the band was out of sight, they kept going through the trees. Back the way they had come. The cover didn’t feel thick enough. If anyone glanced their way, they would see fleeting shadows of movement, there between the branches. But there was no other choice.

Clint and Florence crept through the thin span of trees behind the houses. Every time Florence heard a distant laugh or the occasional pop and snarl of a gun, she tugged him down to his belly and hid there with him, just waiting. This time, they paused to check the map. A pleasant, green little cottage blocked them from view from the main path. Florence pointed at their little red marker, traced a line to the bridge. It seemed such a small distance on the map, but there were a few dozen yards where they would have to cross the bridge without cover.

“Atlas’s usual strategy,” Florence explained in a low murmur, “is to kill every living thing he runs across.”

“*Why?*”

The house’s door banged open and shut. Florence pressed her hand over Clint’s mouth on impulse, but the fog in his mind let him focus long enough that he did not try to speak, this time. He only listened. It seemed the animals were beginning to wake with the coming dawn. That was a distraction Clint hadn’t thought of, something to draw the group’s attention and guns away from them.

The animal emerged whistling from their house. As if they had not participated in pandemonium only the day before.

“Howdy, folks!” the creature started, its voice reedy, warbled, birdish. “What brings you all to tow—”

A rapid succession of bullets silenced him. They reverberated throughout the valley, and the shots came so close that Clint could smell the hot burn of gunpowder.

“They’re going to kill us,” he whispered.

Florence gripped his arm, tightly, and sought his eyes. Her stare was burning, relentless. “Hey,” she said, in a tone he had never heard before. Soft and understanding and kind. “We’re going to get across the bridge. And we’re going to find your friends, because they’re smart enough to meet us at the level entrance. And we’re going to keep each other alive.” She squeezed his hand, tightly. “Yeah?”

“Yeah,” Clint said, smiling lightly, despite himself, despite the armed gang snuffling around for them.

There among the fear was a new feeling, warm and light and inexorable: hope.
***
 || 
***
The wind whipped and whistled through the gorge. It hurled rain at them cold and sharp and speckled with hail. Clint pressed himself close to the wall, his legs shuddering, his palms burning and slippery. The plan worked, more or less, but nothing could quell the thudding of his heart against his chest. Nothing could quite help cope with the fact that his own aching muscles were all that separated him and Rachel both from death.

He almost wanted to laugh at the idea of it. Falling slipping and sliding down the steep side of a ravine and dying to that, of all things, after all this time. 

Florence insisted on climbing below him. Every time he looked down (and the vertigo dizzied him as much as his split head) he could see her just a couple of feet under him. Watching him like she expected his strength to give way any moment. And that was a fair worry.

Another howling gust of wind tugged at Clint’s chest. He froze there against the wall for a moment, pressing into it with every muscle he had. His calves and thighs sang with pain, and he knew walking would be hell tomorrow. But he would be grateful for tomorrow, at least.

Malina climbed down beside him. Her stare roved hawkishly between Clint and Daphne, who was the furthest down of them all. She was skittering down quickly, easily, as if she were a goat and simply made for descending the steep sides of cliffs. 

“You okay?” Malina asked, stopping when Clint stopped. 

He nodded and leaned his forehead into his elbow. His throbbing eyes shut, and they did not want to open again. But he peeled his eyelids apart blearily and muttered to her, “I just want to get down.”

“We’ll get you there, baby.” Malina squinted down through the sideways sheets of rain and hollered at Daphne, “Are you okay down there?”

“Yeah!” came the reply, high and clear as a bird.

Florence stopped and sunk her pickaxes into the rock just a few inches under Clint’s feet. He could feel the shudder of it reverberating through the rocks, and it made his belly sick with terror. It was one step too close to falling.

“Hey,” Florence called up. And when Malina looked at her, Florence flashed a thumbs up that she rotated to a thumbs down. More of a question than anything.

Malina gave her a hesitant, wavering thumbs up.

“I’m *fine*,” Clint insisted, and only barely kept himself from vomiting on Florence or his sweater.

They kept climbing down.

Clint waited for the worst to happen. For Atlas’s crew to stumble upon them here and pick them off. It was a death sentence, to be caught out like this. No way to protect themselves. In the back of his mind, he saw Daphne fall, heaved backwards by her heavy backpack, the blood just pouring out of her as she went down.

He blinked hard and shook his head. “We have to keep going,” he mumbled into his arm, mostly for his own sake.

“You’re halfway there.” Malina regarded the emptiness below them and grimaced. “I think.”

Clint twisted to look down too. He felt his body pitch involuntarily forward, like a rag doll. But the spikes on his shoes were sunk hard into the wall, and they helped him hold himself up. The ravine had looked from its top like the bottom was simply cast in darkness. But the further they climbed, he realized there was… nothing at all down there. No river or earth or light or anything. Just a thick pane of darkness. 

“Steady,” Malina said. She hooked one of her pickaxes in the strap of her backpack and reached her free hand to grip Clint’s shoulder. The weight of her hand was strong and reassuring, even though Clint doubted she or Florence could do jackshit if his swollen brain sent him tumbling toward the darkness. 

But he offered a small smile and managed, “Thanks,” regardless. 

They kept climbing down.

Clint dug his sharp-toothed shoe into the side of the mountain, and when he tried to put weight on it, the rock crumbled and scattered Florence with a dusting of rock chunks and pebbles. Clint’s foot slipped and his body jolted downward. For a moment, he held onto the wall only by the grip of his two pickaxes. 

For a moment, among Florence yelling, “Are you okay?” and Malina swearing and shoving her pickax into her backpack strap to clutch the back of his sweater… Clint swore he could hear someone else. Just for a moment, he could hear Virgil seething in his ear, “Are you really going to let yourself die like this?”

And Clint jammed his scrabbling feet into the wall once more. Adrenaline made him shake so hard he could barely hold onto his pickaxes. Sweat coursed down the back of his neck, and he muttered to Malina, voice cracking, “I’m fine, let’s go.”

Malina didn’t argue. She let go of him, and when he kept climbing down, she and Florence both moved, as if they were choreographed. 

Together, they inched down the side of the ravine. Their progress was maddeningly slow, and Clint could feel the raw callouses and splinters in his palms, but there was no choice to pause and wait for the pain to abate. There would be pain medicine at the bottom, and they would find food and fire and warmth. He would lie down and sleep for ages. He kept this thought cupped in his mind like a candle in the roaring wind. Prayed that it would not snuff itself out.

Daphne disappeared into the veil of black long before Clint, Malina, and Florence reached it. Clint turned his head downward to watch when Malina pointed it out. It was as if she descended into a lake of black water.  The darkness lapped over her legs and chest and shoulders, and finally even her little blond head was gone. 

Soon, the rest of them followed her.

As soon as Clint lowered his legs into the darkness, he could feel the temperature drop as if he had stepped into a freezer. His wet pants clung to his legs, already freezing in dense sheets. He started shuddering and shivering and muttered, “Holy balls, it’s fucking cold.”

For a long few minutes, they climbed down through perfect darkness. It was broken only by little flecks of snowflakes that danced on the air, lit like lightning bugs. By the impossible light of the new-falling snow, Clint could barely make out the wall in front of him. Enough to keep climbing, enough to keep the little fire of hope alive in his belly.

And then the darkness opened up below them into a wide blanket of snow, peopled here and there by dark trees, massive and ancient sentinels, crusted with snow. Clint kept trying to climb down, but when he reached his foot down, it met nothing but open air.

“Shit,” Florence muttered from below them, “we have to jump.”

“What?” Malina called down.

“There’s nothing else to hold onto. There’s just… air, past this.” Florence gestured around the darkness, as if she wasn’t quite sure what to call a nothing-place like this. A place between places.

“How big is the drop?” Malina ventured.

“I’ve no idea.”

“Can you see Daphne?” Clint asked, woozily.

“Not really.” And then Florence inhaled, deeply, and stepped off into the void.

She fell bonelessly and disappeared into the snow.

Malina and Clint both sat watching, holding their breath, until Florence pushed herself back up out of the snow. She waved up into the open air and offered a thumbs up before traipsing off to the side. The snow was so deep she sank in up to her knees, and she seemed to be wading through deep water just to move out of the way.

“I hate this fucking game,” Clint muttered. He climbed down as low as he could, nudging his feet down a few inches at a time until the cliff face simply ran out. Below him was grey air and too many trees that could break his fall much less gently than the snow.

But he closed his eyes. He tightened his grip on his pickaxes. 

“Do you want to go down together?” Malina ventured, peering down at the gap below them. 

Clint flicked his stare over to her and saw her panic clearly written on her face. He had nearly forgotten until this moment how terrified she had been entering the second level. He wondered how much of that fear she had stifled this long, if she had hidden it just to keep Florence from realizing. 

He heaved his pickax down into the oblivion. Watched it tumble like a frisbee, collide with a tree, and fall to the earth with a shower of icy old snow. 

Then, he reached out to Malina with his free hand. 

She laughed and let her pickaxes drop too.

Together, they fell out of the air, and prayed for the cushion of snow to catch them.
***
 || 
***
##THE FOURTH CIRCLE: AVARICE AND PRODIGALITY

Clint hit the snow hard, on his side. He had heaved his pickaxes to the side as he fell and wrapped his arms about his head, to try to cushion the impact as well as he could. He lay there dazed, the world gently turning around him and under him, as if he was on the inside of a rolling can. But the cold cradle of snow felt like relief against his burning forehead, his swollen scalp. He lay there for a moment, just craving the cold of it.

Someone crunched across the snow next to him, mumbling and swearing. When Clint looked up, the sky blinded him for a moment. It was a perfect expanse of pale grey, a constant fog with a muted but brilliant sun waiting just behind it. He winced up at it, blinking fast.

Malina shook his shoulder, gently. Her pack landed in the snow beside Clint with a heavy thunk.

“Hey,” she said, “you okay?”

He groaned in answer, “I’m dead.”

“Well, we’re all dead.”

Clint glanced up at her. Malina’s smile was wry and small. Her cold fingers prodded gently at the back of his head. The cold helped stymie the ache of the scab enough for her to touch it, at least.

“How’s it looking?” he croaked out.

“Not great. But I think you’ll survive.” Malina looked over her shoulder, and only then did Clint start listening beyond her. There was the crunch and break of snow, heavy and coming closer. Malina snapped her attention back to Clint. “Before she gets over here, tell me the truth. Did Florence do this to you?” Her voice was low and drawn as a hidden knife. 

Clint couldn’t help his laugh. “Not on purpose. It happened the way she said.”

Malina looked him over, doubtful. “Do you even remember?”

“I remember we were in the woods. And people were shooting at us. And I told her to just leave me and she wouldn’t.” Clint pushed himself upright, and the world vaulted forward with him for a moment before settling itself out again, a wobbly gyroscope. “So you should stop being a dick to her about it.”

“I just don’t trust her.”

“Well, you should. Because I’d be dead without her.”

Florence and Daphne had either landed further away or scattered to clear the ground for Malina and Clint. Either way, they were only a couple dozen yards away now. Daphne’s cheeks were fiercely red with cold, and she watched Clint with hopeful reluctance. 

“Hey,” Clint called to the both of them.

Daphne bounded over even faster, even though she sunk so deeply into the snow, it came up nearly to her thighs. Her jeans were soaked through, and she was shivering, but her smile was huge and glowing. “I’m so glad you’re okay,” she said. She heaved her backpack down and threw herself down to hug him, fiercely. 

Clint held her back, even though she was snow-caked and freezing and she nearly toppled him over. “Of course I’m okay,” he said, trying to sound light. Like nothing could be wrong.

“You were talking weird, and you were walking all… dizzy. I didn’t think you’d make it down.”

“You don’t have to worry about me. Ever. I’ve got the three of you, right?” Clint tousled Daphne’s hair and shivered, hard. 

The girl leapt back up to her feet and looked between Malina and Florence. “Where to now?” she asked, passing a worried glance to Clint. “We need to get someplace Clint can rest and warm up, I think.”

“All of us need to, really,” Florence muttered. Her exhaustion lined her face, drew it into a heavy frown. 

Malina rose to her feet and surveyed the foggy horizon. She frowned over her shoulder at Florence. “Do any of these bags have a scope or anything?”

Florence nodded to Daphne. “Hers does.”

Daphne turned to paw through her pack, tossing ammunition and bandages into the snow until at last she came up with a narrow scope. Malina pulled it out of her hands without a word and began peering out at the downward slope of the mountain.

“I can’t see shit,” she admitted and offered the scope to Florence.

For a long minute, she squinted out at the fog until she agreed, “Me either.” She offered the scope back to Daphne and shoved her hands in her jacket pockets. She gave a violent shiver. “But we need to move. Now. We need to get gear, and we need to get warmed up.”

Malina turned and offered a hand to Clint. He nearly tugged her over standing up, but he managed to stagger to his feet. He swayed there for a moment, the world pitching all around him.

“All we have to do is climb down a mountain,” Malina said, smirking. “Then you can rest.”

Clint snorted. “Oh, is that all?”

Malina hooked herself under one of Clint’s arms, and she nodded at Florence. “Hey,” she said. “Come help me.”

Florence took Clint’s other side. He sagged between the two of them, feeling stupid and useless and grateful all at once. 

“Daph,” Malina said, “your job is navigation. Alright?”

Daphne clutched her fist around the scope in her pocket and nodded hard, squinting out against the chilling wind.

Together, they began the long trek down the mountain.

Daphne stomped ahead of them. She reminded Clint faintly of a rabbit stuck in deep snow, small and pale and springing. Without the massive pack on her back, she could probably have eased across the hard frozen top of it without breaking through. 

Each step was heavier for the next, and Clint could feel himself dragging heavier and heavier on Malina and Florence’s shoulders. It was a slow and exhausting trudge. Clint clung to them and did his best to stay conscious. The snow was so deep that he could barely lift his feet high enough out of it to take another step.

They walked and walked until Clint finally let go of Florence and Malina and collapsed backward into the snow, gasping. “Fuck this,” he muttered. “I need a break.”

“There’s no time for a break.” Florence snapped her attention toward Daphne, who was maybe forty feet ahead of them. She hollered, “How’s it looking ahead, kid?”

Daphne scowled briefly over her shoulder before scouring the land in front of them.

“What was that look for?” Florence muttered, half to herself.

“She hates being called kid.” Malina hunkered down next to Clint and heaved off her backpack. She began digging through pockets. “Where are those painkillers?”

Florence pulled a bottle from her own pack and tossed it to Malina. “I’ve got two more, if you don’t have any.”

“Thanks.” Malina looked at the bottle and paused before adding, low, as if she did not want Florence to hear, “For everything.”

That made the former gang boss pause, blinking. Then she smiled. “Well, we’re a team now. I take care of my teammates.”

Daphne dropped her pack and hurried back over to them, panting. She was cold enough now that she was shuddering, hard. She said, “There’s a village at the base of the mountain, I think. It’s small but I can see houses.” She held the scope out as if expecting someone to make her prove it.

Florence plucked it out of her hands and peered down for a long few minutes. Then she said, “That’s at least another four or five miles from here, if I had to guess.” She looked doubtfully down at Clint.

Malina popped open the bottle and rattled out a few pills into her hand. She was less exacting than Florence. She dropped six or so pills into Clint’s hand and said, “Here. This will help.”

“Am I supposed to take this many?”

“I don’t fucking know. Do you think it’s going to make you die all over again?”

That made Clint laugh darkly. He threw the pills back and swallowed around his dry throat. He tossed a handful of snow in his mouth to wash the tacky, chemical taste off the back of his throat.

The other three members of his team stood over him debating for a few minutes over whether they should try to find someplace in the trees to make camp, or if it would be wiser to just keep walking until they reached town.

Daphne pointed at the sinking sun, the sky already starting to turn dark with the coming night. “We don’t have much time,” she said. “If we kept going we’d be walking through the night.”

“Yeah, or we’ll freeze to fucking death in the night.” Malina’s teeth chattered so hard, Clint could barely make sense of what she was saying. 

“We could make a fire,” Florence said.

Daphne’s eyes widened a bit but she nodded. “We need to warm up,” she agreed, nervously.

The world began to soften pleasantly around Clint. He knew he should be worried, but his mind was full of a breezy lightness. He smiled between his friends with perfect simplicity and said, “I’ll do whatever you all want to do.”

Malina sighed down at him. “*You* need to see a fuckin’ doctor.”

“Assuming this place even has a doctor.” Florence rubbed hard at her arms and gave the blackening sky one last frown. “Well. We’d better get going, then. We’ll make camp. Get to town when it’s light.” She paused, then looked between Malina and Daphne, questioningly. “Does that sound good to you too?”

“Oh, you’re asking for our opinions now?” Malina’s tone was light and teasing as her smile. She turned and offered Clint her hand. “Come on, bud. Only another half of a mountain to go.”

Clint barked a laugh. “Oh, easy, then.”

They reached the bottom as darkness fell, bringing a bone-deep cold with it. Clint had no idea what game this was supposed to be, but he did know by his violent shuddering that if they didn’t warm up quick, he might not live long enough to find out.
***
 || 
***
The next part will be up on Patreon later! It's like an extra thousand words than I usually write, so it's not quite done. >_> But I think it will be worth the wait!
***
For once, Clint was grateful for the rain and the dim. They stole from house to house, ducking behind garden beds and fences. For a moment, Clint felt like he was back at the beginning of the game again, leaping through fences after a mad woman with a shotgun who was going to save his life. But then his dizzied mind stilled and he remembered it all again, and every time he had to reorient himself, the panic lurched in his belly like bricks falling.

The gang was searching the houses. Most of Atlas’s crew seemed to be men, but Clint heard more than a few women bellowing at the villagers to run for their sorry little lives before opening fire on them.

They huddled behind a dark blue house, shielding themselves from view on either side between the gardening and recycling bins. It was one of the many random times that Florence pressed a finger to her lips and pulled him down to the ground beside her. He had learned not to argue with her about it after the first couple times, though he still couldn’t shake those few seconds of perfect terrifying confusion when he was suddenly on the ground, Florence pushing him down, and he could not quite constellate a memory of *why*.

Clint wanted to ask Florence *Is my head just fucked up now?* but instead he swallowed the wad of fear in his throat and whispered, “Why are they killing everyone?”

“It’s a smart strategy,” Florence whispered back. “Except that time it got a bunch of us arrested on the second level.”

Clint opened his mouth to argue that that exception was good evidence that it wasn’t smart.

Then both of them jumped at the explosion of sound from inside the house: heavy clatter of machine gun fire. The window shattered overhead and showered them in sharp diamonds. Florence pressed Clint’s head down as hard as she could and balled herself up small, burrowing her head between her knees. Clint’s head spun and spots filled his vision as gunfire screamed in his ears. When the shooting stopped and Florence let him go, he looked up. And his throat clenched in horror.

Where their heads had been, bullet holes riddled the siding of the house. 

“Don’t sit up,” Florence whispered, her voice soft as wind through the grass. “They’ll see.”

So they stayed hunched down there, listening through the newly open window. The scab on the back of Clint’s head reopened and dripped hot blood down his neck. But he did not move. Behind him, above him, boots crunched through bits of glass and stamped across protesting floorboards. 

“What the fuck kind of game is this place supposed to be?” one of the people said, a man, his voice bored and detached. 

Something moaned softly inside the house, almost like a strained bleat. The blast of a pistol resounded only once more, and the moaning ceased.

“Looks like a game my kid plays,” a woman muttered in response, and the laughter that met her told Clint there were two or three or who knew how many people inside. “I don’t know who the fuck burnt everything down and killed everyone.”

“Well,” someone else murmured, “everyone *else* you mean,” and the laughter drummed up again, like they were tourists in some strange silly theme park.

Florence had her pistol in one hand, and even from her balled up hiding place she looked ready for a fight, if those people walked the wrong way.

But they did not walk around the house. They banged open the front door and walked away laughing into the rain. 

When their voices faded, Florence scurried to the next house, and Clint followed. They were only a few dozen yards from the river, and from here they were finally at the right angle to catch sight of the bridge. And when Florence saw it, she started swearing.

“What?” Clint said. And then he saw it too.

Atlas had posted guards on the bridge. They stood there with their rifles and their bored looks, glancing up at the rain like they were hoping it would stop soon. 

“How are we going to get across?” he hissed to Florence.

She bit hard at her lip. The town was really beginning to wake up now, and every few minutes an animal would scream for mercy or just scream wordlessly, in perfect terror, before the bellow of someone’s gun silenced them forever.

“They’re going to run out of villagers to kill soon,” she whispered. “And they’re either going to find us, or figure out that whoever shot that gun isn’t hiding out here.” She bit at her thumbnail, hard. Then, “Follow me.”

They hurried back the way they had come. The clouds overhead were brightening with the rising sun, smoothing from black to grey. The gang sounded like it had migrated further south, down beyond the charred remains of city hall. Their gunshots and laughter were distant now, and echoing, but Florence still made him hunker down low with her. She still dove from hiding spot to hiding spot, waiting a moment, tense and listening, before pressing forward once more.

She took Clint back into the forest.

“We can’t just hide in here,” he started to protest. His mortal fear was starting to fail him. The fear of death was no longer enough to keep him moving forward from one moment into the next. His body ached nearly as much as his brain, and the back of his head felt like a split orange. The ache had settled, somewhat; he could more or less think straight again. But when he turned his head too quickly and every time he and Florence hunkered down to hide, the world dipped madly away from him, and he felt certain he would collapse or hurl.

But he kept walking in a hazy stumbling line.

“We’re not just hiding.” Florence must have noticed, because she switched her pistol to her other hand and secured one arm around Clint’s shoulders. She was only a few inches shorter than him, and she gave him a brief, reassuring squeeze. “How’s your head?”

“Fine,” he lied, but he sank into Florence anyway. He half-expected her to sag and protest that he was too heavy, but she helped hold him up and kept marching into the woods. Her grip was strong, her arm steady. 

“Then what *are* we doing?” he ventured.

“Taking a detour.”

And then Clint saw what she meant.

They were far enough into the forest that the river bent around the land, and from here they could not see the bridge, not really. The trees and the curve of the hill blocked the bridge from sight. 

“We’re going to cross,” Florence told him. “Don’t lose any of those fuckin’ things, okay?” She patted Clint’s sweater pocket.

“You’ll be impressed that I’m able to remember more than three things at once now.” He tried to sound joking, like he was not mutely horrified by the persistent pulsing pain in his head.

Florence smirked at him and poked her head out of the foliage to look both ways, furtively. There stood six or seven feet of grass between the edge of the trees and the riverbank. And then, on the other side, even if they did make it across more or less unseen, there was another hundred yards before the woods began again. 

“Won’t they see us on the other side?” 

“Maybe. Try not to let your gun get wet. *Might* fuck it up.”

Then Florence tore out of the forest. She plunged into the water, holding both her guns high over her head.

Clint blinked hard against his fear and exhaustion. And then he too burst out of the undergrowth and followed her into the water. It splashed loudly around them, like the river was trying to warn of its intruders. The water was so cold that Clint’s muscles wanted to contract and freeze in place, but he kept moving forward against the knifing pull of the current. 

There, in the middle of the river, he could just barely see one edge of the bridge. A pair of armed men stood there with their backs to him; he could only guess two more watched the other side. One of them turned his head, and Clint hesitated, certain that the guard would look straight at him. But the man only regarded the relentless sky and mopped the rain away from his face before looking away once more.

Clint kept going. The water came up to his chest at the deepest, and it seemed like it wanted to pull his feet out from under him. In front of him Florence slipped and wobbled but kept her balance, only just. He called ahead, loudly as he dared, “Are you alright?”

Florence nodded and shushed him, irritated that he had raised his voice at all.

They stumbled up onto the other side of the bank, Clint only moments behind her. And just as Florence pushed herself to her feet to sprint for cover, they both heard a woman on the bridge cry, “There’s something moving up the river.”

Clint did not need Florence to tell him to run this time. He took off after her for the trees.
***
 |*New reader? Start .*

 | 
***
None of them could sleep well that night.

Clint did his best. He stretched out on one of the log benches, his arm folded under his head. He curled up towards the warmth of of the fire, and every time he closed his eyes, sleep descended upon him heavily and totally, but it felt like moments later someone was shaking him awake again, murmuring, “It’s been a couple of hours.”

And Clint would grumble back something to the effect of *fuck off, please*. 

This was one of those times. Except this time when he opened his eyes, stared into the bleary fire, and muttered, “Let me just sleep,” the person kept shaking his shoulder and said, her voice low, “Sit up and talk a bit. Have something to eat.”

The voice’s familiarity hit him with a frightening and sudden ease, like realizing he was lost in his own home. Malina. Fixing him with a sympathetic smile. One of the packs Virgil left them was open, its contents strewn across the log bench opposite Clint. Even sideways and foggy-eyed, Clint could make out Daphne bundled up in a thick burgundy cloak. She wore gloves now, lined with silvery fur at the wrist. She picked through little blurry objects and sorted them into piles.

Malina gripped Clint’s wrists and helped heave him upright. She unfastened the cloak from her own neck and wrapped it around him.

“You take it,” Clint tried to insist, exactly as he’d said when they first burrowed into the bags the moment Virgil vanished and realized he'd only left them three cloaks. And then he was fairly sure he rolled over and passed out into a shallow, dreamless sleep.

Sitting upright made the ache in his head rise to a hammering. He clutched his temples in both hands. Malina pressed a floppy leather pouch in between his palms and urged him, “Drink. You’re probably dehydrated.”

“Time’s it?” he slurred.

Malina scrutinized her broken watch. “Midnight, sometime. There’s a few hours of night left, I think.”

Daphne cocked her head sideways at him. “Are you high?”

“I wish,” Clint spat back.

Florence murmured something in reply to Daphne, but Clint couldn’t quite catch the bubbling words. He just tilted his head back and drank and narrowly kept himself from throwing the water immediately back up again when the world shifted with him. He clutched the log with both hands and tried to sit as still as he could.

“You should try to get some food down.”

“Food doesn’t matter,” Clint said.

But something did smell good. He raised his stare and realized there was something heating over the fire. It looked blackened, shriveled, strange.

“The fuck is that?” he said.

“My beautiful rabbit,” Florence returned, hotly. The way Daphne and Malina both suppressed giggles, it seemed like Clint had already slept through some kind of rabbit-fueled debate. The earth at Florence’s feet was dark scarlet and littered with tufts of fur.

“Florence killed like, a baby rabbit,” Daphne said, and then she dissolved into laughter.

“The tiniest rabbit I’ve ever *seen*.”

“Yeah?” Florence’s own grin was huge and faintly embarrassed. “How many rabbits have you seen, then?”

“Baby-killer,” Daphne whispered under her breath before Malina could retort, and all three of them started laughing again.

Florence told them, “Now because of all your fuckin’ sass, neither of you get to try it.”

Clint smiled along with them, feeling distant and dumb and exhausted. He leaned heavily into Malina’s side and rested his pounding head on her shoulder. She put an arm around his middle and chuckled at him warmly.

“You going to make it?” she asked.

“Of course,” Clint answered, distractedly, watching the strange little stumps of rabbit leg char over the open fire. 

One of the logs buckled and snapped and sent a column of sparking ash toward the sky.

Daphne shrank backward with a half-muffled shriek, drawing back like she’d been stung.

Beside him, Malina’s whole body went instantly rigid, as if she was quelling the urge to jump to her feet.

Florence leapt up and set the burnt rabbit down on the bench beside her. She bounded over to Daphne’s side. “What? Did it burn you?”

“No. No, um…” Daphne swallowed and swallowed again, her eyes getting huge and dewy. She smeared the heels of her palms against her eyes and managed, voice breaking. “I just don’t like fire.”

For a moment, Florence just stood there. For the shadows and the distance and his own bleary brain, Clint couldn’t make out the look on her face. But the silence was huge and meaningful. Then she retreated to her burnt excuse for a dinner. She pulled a knife from her jacket pocket and began peeling back the black shell. A hot puff of steam rose up to meet her.

“How come?” Florence asked, not looking up from her work.  

"Just don't," Daphne managed.

"Hmm." She cut off a strip of stringy meat so hot little clouds followed it everywhere. She rose to her feet and handed it to Clint. The heat stung his numb fingers as much as it soothed him.

“Thanks,” he mumbled.

Florence tore off another thin chunk of meat and offered it to Daphne. She did the same for Malina.

“Oh, thank you,” Malina said, smiling. “I imagine that baby rabbit is a delicacy in some parts of the world.”

“Yes, best consumed overcooked in the dead of night.” Florence tore off bits of meat with her fingers and ate, watching Daphne’s face as the girl watched the fire. She asked, “Was there fire, when you died?”

Daphne didn’t say a word. She clutched her legs to her chest and stared into the pale heart of the fire.

Malina inhaled like she wanted to speak, but she went silent again.

Florence continued on, as if silence was as good as yes, “I’m still afraid of what killed me too. I never was, before.” She looked up, passed a smile over the flames. “Would you like to know what it was?”

“Yes,” Daphne whispered.

“I suppose in my case, it was more a who than a what.” She spun her knife around her finger and she said, “A perfect stranger.”

Heaviness spread through Clint’s belly. He tried to wrangle in his spilled thoughts, to appreciate the seriousness of the moment. Florence’s every word hung thick in the air, thick as her breath, as the smoke reaching up between them. So he just sat upright, using all his focus just to chew and listen simultaneously.

“Someone killed you?” Daphne whispered into her knees. She wrapped the cloak around herself like a child holding a blanket. Which, Clint realized, she still was, would always be, no matter how long they spent in this game. A child trapped in hell with nowhere to go but forward.

“My sister and I.” She shrugged and stared down at the rabbit carcass with a bleak smile. As if to say *well, what can you do*. “I can tell you what happened, if you like.”

Daphne nodded.

“Someone robbed our home. They thought we were asleep or gone, I’m not sure. I remember--” she peeled bits of meat off and assembled them on the log, as if she could not stomach food any longer “—I remember I was in my sister’s city. Visiting her. She lived somewhere nicer than me, to be honest.” She gave a dry laugh. “I would’ve expected this to happen at my place, if it was gonna happen at all.”

“I lived in a small town,” Clint offered, half to himself. 

“I didn’t,” Malina murmured back.

He realized suddenly how little he knew about any of them, really. In the way he knew people in the living world. He couldn’t tell anyone Malina’s favorite hobbies (or any hobby, really), but he could know at a glance if she was lying or frightened or hurt.

“What happened?” Daphne asked.

“We were in her room, I think. Watching a movie. She only had the one TV, in her room. And we were drinking wine, and I remember hearing the patio door slide open. My sister didn’t believe me. She thought I was fucking with her. So I told her to shut up, and I opened the door, and there was just this… man standing there. In a mask.” Now Florence’s stare was absent, universes away, in some life long gone. “I saw he had a knife. He was sort of trying to hide it behind his leg. We fought, for a minute. He was only a couple of inches bigger than me. Nearly got the fucker away from him, too.” She touched her belly with two fingers. “He stabbed me. Here and here. And then he walked in there, and he stabbed my sister. And I heard her scream, and I heard her die.”

Florence looked around at all of them. Her eyes were misty and dark. “And now, you’re the only ones who know that.”

Clint only let the silence hover there for a few seconds before he said, “Holy *shit*, dude.”

Malina laughed and poked his ribs. “Is that the best response you’ve got?”

He shied grinning away from her. “Be nice, I’m injured.”

But Daphne didn’t smile. She stared into the fire with tears coursing down her cheeks. And then she lifted her eyes to Florence’s and said, so softly Clint barely heard her, “I died when my house burnt down.” And then she hid her face in her elbow and said, “I don’t think I can talk about it.”

Florence shook her head. “You don’t have to say a thing you don’t want to.”

And then they were quiet again for a long time. Or at least, Clint felt it was a long time. Time began floating out of his fingers. He found himself suddenly lying on his side with a rolled up sweater tucked under his head, a cloak thrown over him for a blanket. He started to mumble, not even sure of what he was saying.

But Malina was there, by his head. Perched on the edge of the log, putting more wood onto the fire.

“Go back to sleep,” she murmured. “We’ve got a long walk ahead of us tomorrow.”

He wanted to ask if Daphne was okay, if he had missed her story, if there was more rabbit to eat.

But he closed his eyes and fell back into the darkness.
***

 || 
***
There was smoke, rising out of the forest.

Daphne was the one to notice it. Dark plumes against the dark sky, blotting out the silver pepper of the stars. For a moment, Clint paused, slumping heavily into Florence, dreading what it meant as much as he hoped for it: other people, out here in the woods. Someone safe. 

The girl skirted back to them, her look instantly nervous. She had been staring around in mute wonder at everything, as if spellbound. Clint decided that was better than fear, at least. But when she saw the smoke, she shrank back, her anxious self once more. 

“What should we do?” she murmured, low, rightfully afraid of the bitter wind snatching their voices and carrying them toward whoever started the fire.

“We have to warm up,” Malina said. “We have to go say hello.” She passed Florence a meaningful glance. “Non-threateningly.”

“That’d be a first,” Clint muttered.

Malina punched his ribs hard enough for him to laugh in honest surprise. Then she shushed him, hiding her own absurd giggle. It was a relief to see her sort of relax, even out here with their soaking clothes freezing and hardening against their bodies. Clint’s fingers felt so numb he could hardly move them.

It was night. They had made it down the snowy hide of the mountain and now stood at its base. Early in the walk, it was enough to eat palms full of snow and let it melt into water. Now his body was so cold, the snow melted in slow trickles down his throat and froze against the roof of his mouth. He spat it out and squinted out into the darkness. They were only a few hundred feet from the forest’s edge, and the black pines cracked and groaned as if they were speaking with one another.

“I’ll help Clint walk,” Florence murmured low. “That way if we need to shoot, one of us has their hands free.” She glanced over at Daphne, then shrugged her assault rifle off her shoulder and handed it out to her. “Do you feel okay with this?”

“I don’t feel okay about her with that,” Clint mumbled.

“Why?” Daphne demanded. She took the gun and held it awkwardly, like she was afraid it would go off.

Clint answered, honestly, “That fucker shoots so hard it would knock you backwards.”

“Well, she shouldn’t ever have to shoot it,” Florence said. “Best case scenario.”

“Yeah, I’m with dizzy.” Malina nudged Clint’s side. “She’s just making herself a target. She turns herself from a non-threat into a threat, just like that.”

“You’re acting like I can’t take care of myself,” Daphne started indignantly.

“Yeah.” Malina scoffed. “You fuckin’ can’t. That’s the whole reason you’re with us.” 

“None of us can do it alone,” Clint added, but Daphne was no longer listening, not really.

The girl was already fuming. Hands fisted on her hips, her fingertips so cold they were a dangerous plum. “You have to stop underestimating me all the time. It isn’t fair to say you lived longer than me because I can’t *really* change that now, fucking can I?”

Malina looked like she wanted to tell Daphne not to swear: her nose was crinkled, her eyes momentarily wide with disapproval. But when she opened her mouth to respond, her eyes flickered over Daphne’s head and she reached forward to grab the girl’s shoulder. Malina shoved Daphne behind her and hissed, “Someone’s coming,” when she protested.

Clint snapped his eyes toward the tree line. His vision was improving but still smudgy and vague. It took him a few moments to pick out the person emerging out from behind the trees. The cloaked figure moved on foot, lighting over the top of the deep field of snow like he was made of air. 

Malina swung her shotgun up on impulse. 

“Stop trying to shoot people who haven’t even shot you,” Florence muttered.

“How about you shut the hell up?”

The figure paused there at the edge of the forest. A familiar voice called across the open field, “Are you going to freeze to death arguing all night?”

“Virgil!” Daphne threw the gun over her back and took off sprinting (as well as she could, sinking knee-deep into snow with every step) across the valley. 

“Who the fuck is *that?*” Florence asked, frowning. Face twisted with distrust.

“He’s part of the game. Says he’s our guide.” Malina run her thumb under her shotgun strap, a nervous habit. “I guess he finally decided to do something fucking useful.”

That made both the women share a humorless laugh.

“I’d just like to say, before we catch up with Daph… no more giving kids automatic weapons,” Clint said sternly, looking mostly at Florence. “That’s the new rule.”

“She’s fine.” Florence rolled her eyes. “And now she’s going to be pissed to give it back.”

“I don’t really care,” Clint said, and his honesty surprised him.

“It would be good for her to learn how to use it,” Malina admitted. “In case anything happens to us.” She took Clint’s other side once more and the three of them started hobbling across the snow, toward the light of the fire.

That walk felt longer than the mountain, somehow. Perhaps it was the cold or the dark or the howl of wolves so close that Malina held her shotgun in her free hand, its muzzle roving the darkness.

“Don’t you think that’s a bit extreme?” Clint said.

Florence shook her head and answered before Malina could. “Absolutely not. We’re limping along in the middle of the night in wild territory. That screams food to most predators.”

Clint remembered the coyote on the ridge, before they had entered into that carnival of hell. Before they had barely skirted past Cerberus with their lives. The way the beast had surveyed him with a terrifying, calculating intelligence. And then he conceded, “Fair point.”

They finally stumbled through the trees, into Virgil’s makeshift camp. The guide seemed like he had been waiting for them for a while. His fire was burning low, but there was a tall stack of wood sitting on the ground beside it, letting the fire dry it out. The snow had melted away in a circle about the fire, leaving only mud and dead pine needles. Fallen trees formed a ring around the campfire like benches.

Daphne sat on one of them. She was wrapped in a cloak like it was a blanket and chewing numbly at a little wedge of cheese. She watched the fire like she half-expected it to crawl out of its pit and reach for her.

“Look how generous I am,” Virgil said at the sight of them. He gestured dramatically outward with his cloak. He looked like he had stepped out of a fantasy novel: he wore a dark tunic and brown breeches, a plate of armor with a dragon inlaid in its chest in gold. Their guide clapped his gloved hands together. “I’m here so you won’t freeze to death,” he explained.

“How very noble of you,” Malina muttered. She and Florence helped Clint collapse onto one of the logs. He sat there, gasping and wincing and gripping his head. The heat lapped over him, but it felt distant, like he could barely feel his own body anymore.

“I see you’ve found a new companion.” Virgil stooped to poke at the fire with a stick and smirked up at Florence. The fire lit his face in shades of orange and black, made him look even more impish and distrustful. “Weren’t you the one killing everyone in the first level?”

“Yep,” Florence said.

Virgil looked at the other three members of Clint’s strange little band of friends and smirked. “Well, you’re all very fucking kumbayah now, aren’t you?” 

Malina flopped down onto one of the logs and spread her fingers toward the fire. “Can’t you just tell us the point of this level?”

“When will you learn that I don’t help you cheat?”

Florence passed Malina a sideways, questioning frown. “So, who exactly is this kid?”

“Oh, I detest introductions. Particularly from people who talk like I’m not even here.” Virgil tossed another log onto the fire. “I’m a kindly eternal soul, here to help you through your journey through the darkest labyrinths of Hell, etc.” 

“He’s cool,” Clint muttered.

“You’re not, though.” Virgil leapt up to his feet and skirted over on the open air. He hovered just behind Clint and peered at the back of his head. “I’m impressed you’ve made it this far with an injury like this. You really ought to be dead.”

“Thanks,” Clint said, flatly. “You could have helped us a little sooner, you know.”

“But you would have missed all that great opportunity for team-building.” Virgil walked on the air back over to his seat beside Daphne and settled down, smoothing his cloak neatly under him. Florence settled onto the bench opposite him, as if trying to stay as far from him as she could. She watched him, warily, trying to make sense of him.

“I think,” she said, “I recognize you.”

“He was in the room with us in that bookstore, when you tried to hunt us down and murder us.” Malina’s smile was tense and without humor. 

“Ah,” Florence said. She smirked. “Memories.”

To Clint’s surprise, he and Daphne both started laughing.

But Malina didn’t laugh. She fixed her scowl on Virgil and said, “What *can* you tell us, then?”

Virgil smirked. “Precious little, admittedly.” He turned around and produced a pack from behind his bench. Clint wondered if it had been there at all, of if Virgil had willed it into existence when he needed it. “The map in this world is *huge*, so you’re all lucky enough to get a local map to work with until you get your bearings.” He flipped his pack open and produced a scrap of folded papyrus. He handed it off to Daphne, who spread it open and frowned at it in the flickering light of the fire. And then he stood up and tossed the pack at Malina’s feet. It was a rough thing, made out of leather that smelled musty and wet from the snow. “And I’ve brought you some gear for the weather.” Virgil crammed his hands in his pants pockets and regarded the dark sky with a shiver. “It gets a bit chilly here at night.”

“Can you tell us where we are, exactly?” Florence asked. Her distrust had evaporated into fascination.

“You’re just outside a bumfuck little mountain town called Atyn in the grand Kingdom of Eimrar.” Virgil reclaimed his spot beside Daphne and stared into the fire as he spoke. “And that’s all I’m permitted to say.”

Florence started to press him, “Really?”

But Clint spoke over her. “Thanks, Virgil,” he said. “Really.” He gave Florence a cutting look that told her not to press.

“Don’t feel too special. Anyone who makes it this far gets to meet me out here.”

Florence’s eyebrows shot up. “Who else in this game knows about you?”

“Oh, almost no one.” He smirked up at her. “But it seems they’ll get to meet me soon.”

Clint wanted to ask more. He wanted to ask just what Virgil’s job *was* if not shepherding all the damned souls along through these impossible levels. He wanted to know what Virgil did when he wasn’t maddening them with cryptic hints and vague explanations.

But he knew better than to ask.

He simply said, “Do you think you’re allowed to make us some tea or something?”

Virgil snorted. “Do you think I *want* to make you some tea?” He nodded to another pack leaning against the side of Clint’s bench, one that certainly hadn’t been there seconds ago. “But I have faith you all can figure out how to take care of yourselves from here.”

Their guide stood up, wrapped his cloak around himself, and disappeared inside of it. He and his cloak folded up into a little speck of darkness, and then Virgil was gone.

And the team sat alone in the deepening night by a dim fire in a strange place, grateful to be alive to see it.
***
 || 

***
**Patreon people:** Part 51 will be up later today. Sorry it's late. :( I have ADHD, and my meds are just noooot working for me. Left me brain-dead and mightily fucking exhausted yesterday, and all the words coming out of me were just... not good words haha. I treasure you and your patience <3
***
The thing out there was *screaming* loud as a siren, and for half a moment Clint’s mind thought that was the only think it could be. Earthquake or air raid—but then he remembered where he was, and the only thing it could be. It was loud enough that pane in Clint’s window shuddered like it wanted to burst.

“Was that a fucking dragon?” Malina said. “There are *actual* dragons?”

Florence didn’t respond to Malina. She pushed through the doorway to frown between Daphne, Clint, and Kilas, who was still sitting there, bleeding out on the floor.

“He was going to shoot Clint,” Daphne said through her tears. She threw the gun on the bed and hid her face in her hands. 

Kilas was making wet, gasping sounds in the corner, touching the wounds on his torso in perfect disbelief. He had gone dangerously pale.

Florence drew Daphne to her chest in a crushing hug. She held the girl and murmured things into her hair that Clint couldn’t understand. But Daphne kept nodding and nodding and palming the tears away from her eyes.

Kilas spat blood and said, his voice thin, “You little bitch.”

Florence pulled Daphne out of the room and said over her shoulder, “Get everything you can carry. Leave anything that doesn’t matter. Daphne and I will get our shit from our rooms.” 

Clint grabbed Daphne’s pistol off the bed and stuffed it in his hoodie pocket. He dumped all the packs out as Malina hurried back to her own room. The dizziness was still there, but faint now, like he was constantly on a roller coaster beginning its descent. But the world didn’t tip sideways and knock him over, so he dropped down to his knees and started pawing through his things. He grabbed only the things that mattered most in that second: matches, clothes, pain pills, bandages, ammunition, one of Florence’s switchblades. He left the rest of it in a heap and turned to see Malina drop to her knees beside him, her backpack stuffed to bursting.

“We *need* the kettle,” Malina told him, irritably, and strapped it onto the outer strap of his bag.

“*Why?*”

“For melting snow to drink. Unless you want to get hypothermia trying to keep yourself alive.”

“I thought we didn’t have to eat and drink and whatever,” Clint said, scowling.

“Yeah, I thought we didn’t either. But here we are, getting hungry and thirsty all the fucking time.” Then she surged out the door.

Clint glanced over his shoulder. Kilas was staring barbs into him and trying to push himself up, but the innkeeper just kept collapsing over and over again, like his arms were wet paper. 

He grimaced, showing bloody teeth. “Sielaph heap her curses upon you,” he seethed through his teeth. 

Malina didn’t even pause. She just hurried down the hall, muttering something under her breath along the lines of, *I can’t believe there are really goddamn dragons*.

But Clint hesitated there in the doorway. He bit his lip, hard. The roar resounded overhead again, loud as a plane engine and louder still. It seemed to shake the whole sky. He asked, “Would you rather die fast or slow?”

And to his surprise, Kilas’s mouth quirked into a smile. His voice pitched into a bemused deadpan. “Oh, you’re giving me a choice?”

For a moment, Clint wondered if that was what Kilas really was like. If he was letting the guise of his character fall for just a moment. “I’d like to, yeah.”

“My death is for the gods to decide.”

Clint turned back to him. Crossed the room which seemed impossibly long now, like Kilas sat at the end of an infinite corridor. He pulled the pistol out of his pocket and said, “Sorry, about this.” He pressed the open maw of the gun against the innkeeper’s head.

Then Clint clamped his hand over his eyes and squeezed the trigger.

The gunshot filled his ears with a dense ringing that drowned out all the world. Everything was the screaming silence in his ears, the clatter of the man’s skull hitting the wall.

*It’s not real*, he told himself. *Not real.* 

But it felt real. And the hot reek of iron flooding his mouth tasted real.

Clint opened his eyes. Wished he hadn’t. He leaned over to retch stomach acid. For half a moment, he saw Rachel’s face in his mind, and he hoped she would understand. He hoped she wouldn’t feel the same belly-deep horror flooding him. *I did it for you,* he wanted to say—*I’d do anything for you*—but Rachel was not there, no matter how much he willed her to be.

Malina’s voice reached him as if from somewhere very far away. She gripped his elbow, and then her words broke through the clouds filling Clint’s mind: 

“What are you doing? We have to go *now*.”

She didn’t ask about Kilas. She didn’t even seem to notice the missing half of his skull scattered across the wall behind him.

Clint let Malina haul him down the hallway, back downstairs, to the main floor of the inn. Through the warped windows, Clint could see the building next to them, burning. The air was thick with smoke, and every time Clint swallowed he tasted ash. 

Daphne stood at the base of the stairs and stared up at Clint in terror. “What happened? Why did you shoot?”

“He finished your guy off.” Malina paced the main room of the inn like an angry bear and growled, “Where the fuck is Florence?”

Behind the innkeeper’s counter was a door leading into the kitchen. And Florence stuck her head out of it and snapped, “What? What is it?”

“We have to *go*. What the fuck are you doing?” Malina stormed into the kitchen to argue with her.

The ground trembled like an earthquake. One of the windows shattered from the force of it, and the night air came whistling in. And with it came the heavy *boom* of something out there, moving. Something huge. A rumble trembled Clint’s ribs, low stony rumble of something angry and old and maybe even hungry.

Daphne seemed on the edge of panic. She kept wiping at her red eyes and whispering under her breath, “Sorry, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”

He reached out and squeezed her shoulder. When Daphne hugged him, fiercely, he held her back and murmured into her scalp, “Thank you. For saving me.”

The girl looked like she was nearly going to cry again. But she swallowed hard and offered Clint a bleak, wavering smile. 

Florence emerged from the back carrying a few heavy bottles full of dark liquor. Malina ran past her, up the stairs, her own arms loaded with bottles.

“Are you two seriously stopping for alcohol? There’s a fucking dragon outside,” Clint said, surprised by his own intensity. 

“No.” Florence threw one of the bottles on the floor, and the sharp scent of rum hit Clint with surprising familiarity. “The dragon burned this inn down, and killed the owner with it.” She poured out another bottle onto the table, onto the chairs, the counter. “Tragic, really.”

“Oh. That’s actually smart.”

“You don’t have to sound so *surprised*.”

“Was he scared?” Daphne whispered into Clint’s shirt. She was still hovering close to him like a frightened faun.

Clint palmed her hair out of her face and told her, “No. He knows this is a game too. He knows what he signed up for. So don’t start feeling guilty on me, okay?”

Daphne managed a miserable nod.

Malina came pounding back down the stairs. “Okay,” she said. “I’ve got the stairs and the room Kilas was in.”

“Perfect.” Florence dropped the empty bottles behind the counter with a crash of breaking glass. She crossed over to the fireplace and used the iron tongs resting against it to pick up one of the burning brands. She looked at her friends, severely. “It seems it’s about time for us to make our getaway.”
***
 || 
***
Morning came grey and clear and brittle. When Clint winched his eyes open the next morning, the fire had burnt low enough that it was only smoldering ashes. The smoke curled up toward the pale sky, cloudy and promising more snow.

Somewhere behind him, he heard grunting and swearing and branches, snapping. 

Clint sat up so quickly he nearly rolled off the log. He had hoped to wake up cured, somehow, as if a night of sleep alone would really do the trick. But when he lifted his head and felt the world detach from him and loop gently away, he buried his face in his hands and groaned to anyone who might be listening, “Why is my stupid head still doing this?”

The noises behind him paused. When he looked up he saw Malina and Daphne wrangling with a few detached tree limbs that had been roped together in nearly a hammock shape. Daphne held them together while Malina slapped another layer of rope around them.

Florence left their side to peer at Clint. She settled down on the log in front of him and lowered her head to try to see his eyes.

“Hey,” she said. “Sleep okay?”

“I guess.” Clint’s tongue felt dry and tacky against the roof of his mouth. “Do you have that weird water bag thing?”

“It’s called a water skin.” Florence laughed at him, not unkindly, and went over to where the packs all sat against another log, their belongings neatly stored away. Florence pulled the water skin out of the top of one of the bags and offered it to him.

Clint drank slowly, half because tilting his head back dizzied him, and half because he knew water was limited, now. That snow was not nearly the same thing, not when your body became too cold to melt it. 

“What’s that for?” he asked, nodding to the strange assemblage of sticks.

“You!” Malina dropped it with a heavy sigh and slapped her own thigh in frustration. “If we can get the fucking thing to stay together, that is.”

“My dad always said getting frustrated won’t fix it,” Daphne said, her scowl similarly tight. “So stop getting frustrated.”

“Don’t try to tell me what to do,” Malina snapped back. She wasn’t angry, exactly, although her irritation seemed close enough to it. “We’ve been working on this stupid thing all goddamn morning.”

“What’s it supposed to be?” He offered the pouch back to Florence.

Florence set the water skin back in the bags. She explained as she went, “It’s a tobaggon, sort of. For when you’re too tired to walk, or we’re too tired to help you.”

“I’m not just gonna lie there and let you guys drag me through the fucking snow.” Clint started laughing at the absurdity of it.

“Well, no one knows how your head is going to be today.” Malina flopped down by Clint’s side now, then paused and looked at Florence. “Hey, that thing is making me like stupid angry. Can you help Daph finish it?”

Florence snorted. “I can certainly *try*.”

Malina had put on the sweater she got at the hell-carnival and wore it under her cloak. She had the sleeves pulled over her fingertips and still shook as she unfolded the map. Her dark trembling fingers pointed at the map’s northeastern end, where there was a cluster of mountains labeled Heaven’s Door and a swelling forest just below it which had no name at all. She tapped the forest’s edge and said, “This is where we are.” 

Then her finger traced the snaking trail from the woods to the nearest town, a little cluster of buildings marked Atyn. On the map, it looked like only a few inches of walking. Clint almost remarked that it seemed easy.

But then he asked, “How far is that, exactly?”

“Daph measured it. She said it should be about seven miles, give or take.”

Clint looked at the low-hanging sun and wondered for the first time if there would be enough daylight. If they would have to camp out another night in the snow—only this time, they would have to conjure their own fire.

“This isn’t good,” he murmured.

“No. It’s not.” Malina looked back at Florence calmly telling Daphne to reinforce some of the branches while Florence herself went off into the woods to look for smaller, narrower sticks to weave into the gaps. “We’ve been working on that thing since fuckin’ sunrise.”

Something tightened in Clint’s throat. He felt very nearly like he might cry for a moment. He’d like to blame the concussion, but it was the same constricting he felt when Rachel planned that surprise party for him, and all their friends sprang up from behind furniture and the kitchen counter and his dark apartment seemed suddenly so much less lonely. It was that feeling, and he swallowed hard to keep from showing it.

“Thanks,” he said. “I can’t… just thanks. For doing that for me.” 

Malina gave Clint a one-armed hug and told him, “Don’t be so fuckin’ sensitive,” but she was smiling. She glanced back at Daphne and asked the girl, “What’s your guys’ ETA?”

“I think it’s all done, to be honest. Florence is convinced that it needs a bit more structure, or something.” She rolled her eyes. Dark half-moons sat under her eyes, and the way she rubbed at them told Clint she had barely slept the night before. He supposed she didn’t need to sleep at all, technically. But it certainly seemed to help.

Florence came stamping back out of the woods with some thin branches which she said should be green enough to have some flexibility, whatever that meant. Clint didn’t ask her what she meant. He just sat there, feeling disoriented and stupid, as Florence wove branches into bare patches on their makeshift tobaggon. When she announced she was done, Malina said, “We’ll give it a non-human test run.”

That made Florence shrug. “I think Clint would make a great crash test dummy.” 

The women exchanged foxlike grins and began loading the sled up with packs. They kept off the largest two, just to keep the damn thing from breaking. For a moment, Clint’s team stood there debating wholly without him who should carry what before they divvied the supplies up between the three of them.  Daphne insisted on carrying one of the large packs, while Malina took the other. And Florence picked up the rope handle attached to the front of their toboggan.

“You can’t pull that all the way yourself,” Malina started to protest.

“Then you’ll have to take turns with me.” Florence looped the rope over her shoulder and heaved against it. After a moment, the sled groaned forward and followed her crunching over the snow.

“See,” she panted, “easy-peasy.”

Malina scoffed at her, but there was no time to argue. Every moment under the sun was precious warmth that they could not waste any longer.

Clint stood up and swayed unsteadily for a moment. He managed, “I could probably carry something.”

Florence barked a laugh at him. “You just focus on keeping yourself walking straight, okay?”

Clint nearly argued that he was *fine*. But when they started walking, he realized just now utterly not fine he really was. The sun glancing off the white snow was blinding and it made nearly every direction seem the same. He felt himself constantly losing track of his orientation, like he was a broken compass, spinning hopelessly. Every few minutes or so, Malina would whistle at him or snap her fingers and say, “Where you walking, drunky?” and he would turn toward her voice, too tired to be indignant.

The walk was agonizing and cold. His boots quickly soaked through and made his feet feel like useless blocks of ice. Every step drew him into snow that came up just above his knees and tried to suck him down deeper. But he kept moving one foot, and then the next. He refused to let anyone put him on that damn sled and pull him around. He would not do that to his friends, even if they had come up with the idea themselves.

So he just kept walking, despite the pulse of his head, despite the fogginess that blustered in and out of his vision.

There was nowhere to go but forward, so he kept walking.

The sun was high in the sky when they paused for a breather. The map Virgil gave them seemed beyond useless out here, but Daphne insisted that the narrow track between the trees that they followed really was a road, even if it was snowed over and nearly impassable. 

“Are you sure we’re going the right way?” Florence asked, critically, peering at the map and the trees around them.

“There’s no other way to go,” Daphne said. Their path did seem somewhat inevitable, as if someone had purposefully gone through and mowed the trees down in a sinuous winding track up to the mountains.

Malina just stared behind them all, panting hard. And then she ventured when no one else spoke, “Do you think they’ll follow our footsteps?”

For the first time, Clint remembered Atlas’s men. What Virgil had said.

Florence tugged the game’s main map out of her pants pocket. It was mostly empty, save for the sketch of the mountain and their own meandering deer trail, hemmed in by trees. She let out a sigh of relief. “It’s just us still.”

“But we’ll have to think about that sooner than later.” Malina roved her stare between them all. “Won’t we?”

“Maybe it will snow,” Daphne offered, her voice tight with anxiety. 

Malina shrugged. “Maybe.”

“If this is the only way to town, they’re going to follow us regardless.” Florence sat down on the edge of her own sled and drank deeply from the water skin. She offered it to Daphne, and it kept passing around the circle until it finally came to Clint, nearly empty. 

He stared at it, dumbly, until Malina told him, “Just fill it up with snow, honey. I can put it in my sweater and it’ll melt.”

So Clint drank the last of it. He fumbled snow into the narrow opening, glad to feel useful, at the very least.

Malina took over hauling the sled and they kept going across the frozen land.

They walked and walked and the sun wheeled across the sky overhead, as if it was racing them.

Twilight faded into night, and they kept walking. Clint’s feet ached, and every other step he kept collapsing into the snow and catching himself, half-stunned that he’d been falling at all.

“Get on the fucking sled,” Malina snapped at him at one point. “That’s why we made the goddamn thing.”

“You’re not pulling me around,” Clint said, surprised by his own sharpness. “I’m fine. I can walk.”

“Barely.”

Florence looped her arm around Clint’s middle and said, her voice surprisingly even, “We’re all tired and cold and feel like shit. Now’s not the time to get pissy with each other.”

“He’s the one being unreasonable,” Malina started.

“I don’t care,” Florence said. “We need to keep going. *Now*.”

And she was right, so Malina shut her mouth and went onward.

Clint was glad Florence made them keep walking. Because when they rounded the bend in the road, they could finally see it spread before them like a painting, like heaven itself:

Atyn, its windows full of the promise of warmth, food, fire.

They hurried down to meet it.
***
 || 
***
They stopped the first person they came across to ask where they could find somewhere warm for the night. The man was leading along a sleepy-looking donkey laden with burlap sacks. He had a furred hat, a thick cloak, and mittens that Clint half-wanted to steal off of him. He might have even gone for it, if he wasn’t still so cloudy-headed.

The villager stared at them like they had all escaped from an asylum. And Clint supposed he could understand the look. They came in strange clothes, carrying metal weapons, subtly lethal—at least, until the first time they used them.

The group offered him friendly, exhausted waves.

“You folks look cold,” the man said in way of greeting. 

“Where can we find an inn?” Florence said.

The man pointed up the road and gave them maddeningly poor directions. Then he inclined his head forward to stare at their strange sled of fresh-cut branches haphazardly sashed together. He said, “What’s that strange silver rope?”

“Duct tape,” Malina answered.

“Tape… from ducks?”

“Thank you,” Florence said, trying to raise her voice over Daphne’s delirious giggling. “For the directions.”

The man shook his head at them before continuing down the snowy road once more.

After a few minutes of wandering and Malina cursing the man, his cow, his family, and his sad little made up farm, they found the inn. It was a slumping, low-roofed building, and from the outside its walls smelled of pine and woodsmoke and something warm and heavily spiced. Clint’s belly turned with a hunger he didn’t know he could possess in this game. He did his best to ignore it, told himself it would go away.

Malina kicked the tobaggon up against the side of the house and collapsed gasping on top of it. She was red-faced and sweating, pulling at her sweater to let the freezing night air cool her. “I can’t believe there are five more goddamn levels,” she said.

Florence held her forehead in her hands. “Oh *please* don’t phrase it that way. I’m trying to maintain motivation.”

Daphne looked at the amber windows, the glass so thick and warped that only light and the dim shapes of people and chairs could be discerned. She murmured, “How are we going to pay?”

“I thought we could just sell some of the shit Virgil left us.”

“Nah,” Clint said, shaking his head, trying to ignore the way the world wobbled with him. He prayed that would fade. “I’ve played this kind of game before. If you want to win fast, you break into people’s houses and steal shit. Then you sell *that*.”

Daphne’s jaw hinged open. She stared at him in open shock. “You’d really go in and steal from people?”

“They’re not *real* people,” Clint reminded her. “It’s not like they *really* earned their shit.”

“I actually don’t mind that idea,” Florence admitted.

Malina pointed out, “But we’d be the first ones anyone pointed fingers to if they noticed anything is gone.”

“Or if anyone recognizes their stuff and we’re trying to sell it…” Daphne shook her head. “Maybe we can ask the innkeeper if we can do chores or something.”

Florence laughed aloud and returned, hotly, “I’m not going to sit around peeling potatoes and waiting for Atlas to come down here and slaughter us. Because that’s what he’ll do. You all understand that, right? That’s his method.” She gripped her knees and leaned forward to be on Daphne’s level. Her eyes were sharp and gleaming. “He won’t wait around and try to find odd jobs to make some money, honey.”

Daphne looked like she wanted to argue. But she scowled down at the earth and said, “I just don’t like it. I don’t like taking people’s stuff.”

“You can just wait here and watch the bags,” Malina offered, her voice gentle, sympathetic. 

The girl sighed and flopped down on the sled. “Fine,” she said. “But if you get caught, I don’t know you guys.”

Malina nodded at Clint and said, “You wait too.”

“Ah, come on. I can help.”

“No,” Florence said. “You really can’t. You’d do that weird drunk walk you keep doing, and then you’d knock into something and wake everyone up and make it this whole fucking ordeal.”

“I love arguing with this bitch,” Malina said, giving Florence’s shoulder an affection pat, “but she’s right this time.”

Clint frowned at both of them and settled down on the sled. For half a moment, it felt like a little tipping boat on open water. And then his balance settled out and the capsizing feeling faded away.

“Be careful,” he said as way of resignation.

And then Malina and Florence slipped down between the inn and the building beside of it and disappeared among the shadows.

“Do you think they’ll let us sit by the fire?” Daphne ventured.

Clint knew they should wait with their things. It couldn’t be long, surely. But he couldn’t feel his toes, and his fingers were so numb they were getting hard to move. So he said, “Yeah, fuck it, let’s see.”

The moment he and Daphne banged open the door, each of them laden down with backpacks and leather bags, the innkeeper took one look at them and said, “You’ve got to get a room if you’d like to stay.”

“Well, hello to you too,” Clint muttered back. He kicked the door shut and let his bags fall in front of the counter. He surveyed the inn. It was small and surprisingly dark inside. The only light came from the glowing hearth and the oil lamps perched here and there on the walls. There were four rough-hewn tables with crooked chairs, and a candle sat on each table. The whole place smelled of smoke and stew, and Clint asked without looking at him, “Would you consider bartering, maybe?”

“The hell’s that on the back of your head, boy?”

Clint touched the back of his skull. The bruise there had gone large and swollen, and he could feel the blood still dried on in dark tracks. The scab like an angry beetle. “Ah,” he said. “Hit my head.”

“There’s a doctor the next town over, in Windstrom.” The innkeeper looked at him skeptically. “You ain’t gonna die in my place of business, are you?”

That made Clint laugh. “I’ll do my best not to.”

The man threw his rag on the counter and extended his hand to Clint. When Clint shook it, he said, “Oh, you’ve been outside a while,” and chuckled like he was used to people wandering into his establishment with mild hypothermia. “The name’s Kilas,” he said.

“Clint.” He began emptying the bags, putting whatever wasn’t vital up on the counter between them. Virgil hadn’t left them much, but there were a few things more useless than the others. The teapot, for example. 

But Kilas picked through what he presented, passing up the teapot, the little wooden compass, the bag full of delicate glass beads. He nodded at Clint’s rifle. “What’s that metal thing there on your shoulder?”

“Ah.” Clint looked down at his assault rifle and tapped his fingers thoughtfully against the grip. “This is… for… uh…”

“We really shouldn’t talk about it,” Daphne admitted.

The innkeeper straightened up. His voice sharpened. “If you’re here to make trouble, you can find somewhere else to make your night.”

“No,” Clint said, quickly. “No, we’re here to help.”

Now the man just stared at them. “Help with what?”

“We heard about your…” Daphne glanced at Clint, who just stared at her with perfect bewilderment. He couldn’t wrangle in his focus long enough to come up with a good lie. She said, “We heard Atyn was under attack.”

Clint blinked fast. “Yes,” he said, woodenly. “We did hear that.”

“Ah, did one of those big leathery bastards come at you?” Kilas tapped the back of his own head and nodded toward the fire. “Take your things back, boy. I won’t nickel and dime dragon hunters. Did the capital send you?”

For a long few seconds, both Clint and Daphne just stood there with their mouths hanging open. 

Then Daphne rushed to reply, “Of course.”

“And they didn’t send you with a bit of coin?”

“Ran out halfway here. Typical bureaucracy, greedy with every purse but their own.”

Kilas grinned at her. “You’re smart for such a little girl.”

Daphne clenched her fists at her side and said, spitting out the lie as if she’d been planning it all the while, “I’m an elf, not a child. A member of the king’s guard, at that. And I’ll forgive you your offense if you could find us something to eat.”

Now the innkeeper looked skeptical. He looked over their strange and shoddy clothes. “You don’t *look* like you’re part of the king’s guard, miss.” He narrowed his eyes at Clint. “And why in gods’ names are you so quiet?”

“Head injury,” Clint said, tapping his temple.

“We were attacked on the road. Bandits. We had next to nothing, but they took nearly everything we had left, except our, uh…” She patted the rifle strapped to Clint’s back. “Our fire wands.”

Kilas’s stare switched to Clint. “And how did you hurt your head?”

“Just bad luck. Fell off my horse. Hit a rock.” He shrugged. “What can you do.”

The innkeeper narrowed his eyes and nodded. “Well, I don’t want your garbage.” He slid most of Clint’s things back across the counter to him, except the bag of beads. “These will earn you soup and a room for tonight, though.”

“Two rooms,” Daphne said.

“I keep wanting to tell you you’re talking out of turn.” Kilas laughed delightedly. “We don’t get too many elves in parts like this. I keep feeling like some little lady is standing here telling me what to do.”

Daphne’s tone went sharp. “No, a senior officer of the king’s guard is telling you what to do.” She helped Clint collect the the rest of their belongings off the table and stuff them back in the packs. “Thank you,” she said. “For soup, and the rooms.”

Kilas only chuckled at her and stumped off into the back of the room. He walked with a distinct limp, as if his left leg could barely move with him.

Daphne went immediately over to the fire, pulling a chair up as close as she could stand it. Clint wanted to draw his chair up closer, to be so close the heat nearly hurt. He couldn’t chase the cold out of his limbs fast enough. But he brought his seat alongside her and leaned down to whisper in her ear, “Dragon killers? Fucking really?”

“We’re not going to actually do it.” She kept giving the fireplace a nervous side eye. “But we had to come up with a story that didn’t end in that dickhead asking more questions.”

“You’re like a real nerd you know.” Clint slumped into his chair and smiled at the rough-hewn rafters overhead. “I wouldn’t have thought of half that shit even without a concussion.”

“Well, yeah. Read more books.” But she smiled, shyly, and seemed to relax by degrees.

Kilas shuffled out of the back with steaming bowls of soup that smelled like rosemary and chicken. Clint realized he was nearly salivating.

The door banged open, and Florence and Malina stalked in with a flurry of snow, a rush of cold air. The fire shook with the wind, and Daphne looked like she wanted to lunge up out of her chair. She gripped the handles, tightly, and stared at the floor.

But Kilas wasn’t looking at him. He was frowning at the women in the doorway, stamping the snow off their boots. Both carried heavy sacks, and from Malina’s smirk Clint knew that it had gone well.

“You’ve got to get a room if you want to stay,” the innkeeper said, instantly, like it was a line he knew by heart.

Malina held up someone else’s coin purse shook it. It gave a healthy rattle. “Oh,” she said. “Gladly.” She waved to Daphne and Clint.

Kilas clapped his hands together. “Oh, are you here to help with the dragons too?”

Florence’s eyes widened by degrees, but she recovered her shock faster than Malina, who just stared at Clint as if to ask *what the fuck did you do?* Florence cleared her throat and answered for both of them, “It appears we are now.”

“Ah, Sielaph really is heaping her blessings upon us. In the morning, I will introduce you to the viceroy, and he will show you to the dragon’s hoard.”

“Great,” Malina said, her stare pinned to Clint like a knife. “Because we’re dragon hunters.”

“The best the king had to send,” Daphne added with a small smirk.

Florence just rubbed her temple and said, “Do you have beer?”

The innkeeper nodded.

“Good. I need that.”
***
 || 
***
When Sherman and I emerged from the bunker, night had truly set in. The record player spun soundlessly in the little basement room. Sherman flicked it off as we walked by. 

I stared at it, unimpressed, vaguely tipsy. My social filter kept slipping. I said, nodding toward the tapestry covering the opening to the bunker, “Doesn’t seem like the best way to hide it.”

Sherman raised her brows at me. The corner of her mouth pulled upwards, but I couldn’t tell if she was amused or annoyed. “Oh, thanks for the input. You design a lot of secret hideouts?”

I hesitated, uncertain how to respond. But she grinned to let me know that it was only a joke. Relief uncoiled in my chest. 

“Only as a side gig,” I told her.

The gang boss chuckled. Then, without warning, she flicked off the light, plunging us into darkness. She was a thin silhouette of darkness moving on darkness. For a moment, I stood there blinking, trying to get my eyes to adjust to the light.

Sherman’s fingers found mine. I could just make out the quick white flash of her teeth in the dark. “Come on. I’ll lead you out.”

I was grateful she couldn’t see my scowl. “Did you have to do that?”

“High electric bill doesn’t scream mostly-unused house in the middle of nowhere.” She gave my hand a little squeeze. “Don’t whine now. It’s a straight line, mostly.”

Despite myself, I smiled.

I followed Sherman out of the dark basement. The stairs groaned under us, announcing well before we reached the kitchen door.

Sherman opened the door to a dim kitchen. The door to the basement faced a tiny, screened-in back porch, leading outside. Through the window, I could see black sky and restless flickering light breaking the dark. Something out there was burning. 

I nodded toward the light. “What’s going on out there?” 

Sherman didn’t even glance toward the windows. “Bonfire,” she told me. “Beers.” Her shoulders fell into a perfect, practiced slouch as she padded into the kitchen. 

I followed her, feeling faintly lost. Maybe she wanted me this way: wary, exhausted, constantly overthinking. Maybe she wanted me too tired to use my powers.

Not for the first time, I wished Izzy was here, listening to my thoughts. I needed her to reassure me in the knowing way she always did. 

“Beers,” I repeated, trying to sound anything other than agitated. “So when am I going home?”

“Do you really think that your home is the safest place for you right now?” 

There were no lights on in here. Only a tall pillar candle burned above the sink, sending flickering shadows across the walls. The air smelled like lavender and ash. Another smell hit me then: the hot burn of meat cooking. Someone out there was barbecuing. 

Hunger rolled viciously in my belly. No wonder I was so fucking irritated. 

“I don’t mean home exactly, just…”

“Not here?” Sherman guessed. She opened the fridge. The fridge light pooled on the floor. Tiny half-moon shadows appeared under her eyes. 

“Right.”

“We’ll talk about that soon. But tonight, we party. You meet my friends. I meet yours.” Sherman nudged the fridge door shut with her hip, a pair of bottles in her hand. She cracked her bottle against the edge of the table beside the fridge. The cap bit a gouge into the wood top, but it popped off. Judging by the other grooves in the wood, she made a habit of it. 

Sherman offered me a bottle. The candlelight danced in the whites of her eyes.

I hesitated, my empty stomach pitching. I couldn’t tell what this symbolized to her. What kind of olive branch I was accepting here.

She scoffed. “Oh, come on. Do you really think the FBI would be giving you barbecue and beer? The right answer is *thanks, you are so generous and kind*.”

I bit back my smile. “I’m not sure that you and the FBI are my only options.”

“Trust me, Eli. You can’t keep running forever.” She stuck the beer out toward me again. Her smile had an edge to it, like a dare. “Come on. If you’re right, you might as well enjoy the festivities.”

I took it. The glass was cool and already sweating in the muggy summer night. “Thanks,” I muttered.

The back door hinged open, and someone stomped in. I turned my head sideways to see my brother appear from around the doorway, bringing in the warm smell of smoke. Noah made the room feel so small compared to the wide night outside.

By Noah’s grin, I knew that he was more than a little drunk. He let out a long, “Ayy!” and threw his arm around my neck. For a moment he hung on me, finding his footing and the other end of his sentence. “I thought you’d decided to live down there, little brother.”

My stomach lurched emptily. I didn’t have patience for him or the hot stink of his beer breath. But it was reassuring to remember I wasn’t as alone as I felt. I forced a smile and tried to shrug out from under his arm. He only leaned more heavily onto me. “You never know, I still just might.” 

Noah reached for the already-open bottle in my hand, but Sherman swatted at his hand. 

“Uh-uh,” she scolded him, shaking her head like he was a misbehaving child. “You get your own.”

Noah rolled his eyes but he unhooked his arm from my shoulder. He heaved open the fridge and hung on the door for a moment, just barely swaying.

I watched him with my brows raised. I hadn’t been around my brother often when he was drunk, but I’d been around plenty of drunk people. And Noah was there at the tipping point of sloppy.

“You alright there, brother?” I grimaced and clapped his back. There were probably stupider places to get wasted, but not many. 

“Oh, I’m peachy.” He grabbed a bottle and hinged upright. He stood there for a moment look between the table and the bottle. Then he lifted the bottle up over his head awkwardly, like a cudgel.

Sherman sighed through her teeth. She arched up on her tiptoes and plucked the bottle out of Noah’s hands. He looked at his bare hands and then at her, baffled.

“What?” he demanded.

“You’re going to get a handful of glass that way.” She popped the cap off in one smooth motion for him and offered it back. Her other hand clapped Noah’s shoulder lightly. “Go have fun. Don’t fall in the fire now.”

Noah scoffed and tipped his bottle back. A little dribble of beer spilled down his beard and onto his shirt, but he didn’t seem to notice. He threw an arm around my shoulders and sagged into me. 

I kept us both upright. 

My brother let out a stupid drunk giggle that made me smile despite myself. “Come on. Izzy’s been worried about you.”

My heart quickened. Could she hear everyone’s thoughts again? Could she see the dark inside of Sherman’s mind, even when we were alone deep in that bunker?

“Doesn’t sound like Izzy,” I said, doing my best to look relax. 

In my periphery, Sherman’s stare burned into me. “Better go see what she wants,” she said.

I passed her a thin smile. “Yeah. Good idea.”

Noah tugged on my shoulders and sent us both stumbling toward the door. I tried to mirror his comfortable haze. Tried to forget all the dark thoughts swirling my mind.

“Come on,” my brother slurred. “I’ll show you around.”

Noah heaved open the back door and lumbered down the steps, pulling me along with him.

I did my best not to spill my drink. For a moment, we were teenagers again, and he was pulling me along to some party. A familiar creep of anxiety burned in my belly. I took a long drink of my beer to quiet it. 

There were at least a dozen people here. The yard just outside the house was mostly gravel and patches of yellow, scrubby grass, bleached by the heat of the summer. A huge fire pit burned a few hundred feet from the house, sending flickering shadows striping across everyone’s faces. I caught sight of a few familiar people: Leo, hunched beside the fire with his carving. There was the old man, Nelson, caught up in animated conversation with a man I didn’t recognize. His daughter Avis perched on the bench beside him, staring at her book like she wanted to disappear into it.

And there, on the other side of the fire, was Izzy. May sat alongside her, talking, but Izzy didn’t seem to be listening. She was just staring back at me, her eyes wide and wet and full of firelight. 

“This is—” my brother started, trying to pull me into rounds of introductions.

I just slapped his back. “Can you find me something to eat, dude? I’m starving.”

Noah paused. His eyes darted back to follow the line of my stare. Izzy glanced hurriedly away when Noah tilted his head toward her. He turned back toward me and grinned. 

“You gonna go get some?” he asked.

“No, you are. Some dinner. For me.” I punched his shoulder and reminded him, “Don’t be an asshole.”

“Just saying, that’s the look of a girl who wants to *give* some.”

I rolled my eyes and headed off toward Izzy and the heat of the fire. 
***
Thanks for being patient! I wanted to get Part 18 up on Patreon before I posted this :) Thanks for reading! 
***
 || 
***
That night, Malina and Florence got properly wasted together.

Clint watched them with a mixture of amusement and vague worry. Around Malina’s fourth beer, he asked her, “Is this really the wisest idea?”

“As long as we’re stuck here playing fuckin’ real life Dungeons and Dragons, yeah. I do think it’s the wisest idea.” And then she drank half her beer in one gulp while maintaining eye contact with him, as if to make a point.

Florence had cackled in agreement. They seemed to like each other better when they were drunk. The hidden barbs left their words, and they murmured together like they were old friends, bursting out into laughter that neither one of them could explain.

Clint just sat slumping in his chair. Smiling at them, at the fire. Daphne sat beside him, eying Florence and Malina with a kind of nervous fascination. 

“I’ve never been drunk before,” she told Clint.

“That’s good. You’re like twelve.”

She’d punched his arm and grinned at him. “That argument doesn’t work when all of us are dead.”

“It seems to be working fine, to be honest,” he said. 

Truthfully, he didn’t remember much else. Florence tossed him an unlabeled bottle of painkillers, and he popped a few back and slipped into a pleasant, pillowy opiate high for the rest of the evening. He could feel his blood buzz through him slowly, like his pulse was slowing down to enjoy the night with them. 

The rest of the night came in little blurs. The dance and roar of the fire and how it dwindled as the night got deeper. How Daphne gave a start in her chair when Kilas threw another log on top of the rest. The way Florence sounded when she laughed, really laughed, a high tinkling kind of joy. She’d laughed that way when Daphne tried Malina’s beer and instantly spat it on back into the cup. Clint laughed with the rest of them until tears came out of his eyes when Malina drank it anyway.

It was a good night. He’d even call it happy.

And then he remembered Kilas going to bed and sternly suggesting they do the same. And steering himself down the hall stumbling until he came to his room, shut the door, and collapsed into bed.

His dreams were vague and constant, lapping over him slowly like a tide coming in. But then he was under the water of sleep and he lay there in the deep and the silence with nothing but memory. 

That night, for a few blessed minutes, Clint was alive again. It was a murky dream, and he couldn’t remember much except Rachel lying next to him, and how he’d hold her and tuck her hair behind her ear and press kisses down the back of her neck. And she was squirming and giggling at him, “Don’t, that tickles!”

He’d held her down despite her shrieking and wriggling (maybe because of it), rubbing his stubble against her neck and cheeks, asking against her squeals of protest and delight, “What? What’s ticklish?”

And she had almost replied. 

But then consciousness hit him with all the shock of a wave of water. He lay there for a few seconds, briefly baffled that he wasn’t holding Rachel after all, that he was alone in a cold bed in a strange room in the darkness.

And someone else was here with him.

Clint opened his eyes and stared down the maw of his own rifle. He shot upright in bed and raised both his hands over his head, instinctively.

Kilas tightened his grip on the rifle and smirked at the look on Clint’s face. “This must be a dangerous weapon,” he said, glancing down at the rifle, mildly impressed.

“You should put it down,” Clint said, trying to keep his voice even and low.

“You tell me the truth of who you people are and why you’ve come here. And perhaps I will.”

The blood surged between Clint’s ears, roaring like an ocean, like a nightmare. Every time he blinked he saw Rachel on their bed, curved like a question mark, the dark fall of her hair spread over the pillow, or sitting in the middle of the sidewalk to sketch buildings, ignoring the people who parted around her like water over a rock.

She could not stop existing, just like that. Just because of this dick.

Clint started to climb out of bed, and the man pinned the gun on his chest. Kilas’s finger went for the trigger and hovered there like a threat. A promise.

“All I have to do is pull this, don’t I?” he said. He grinned at the way Clint’s eyebrows rose. “That looks like a yes.”

Clint couldn’t tell in the dark if the safety was still on. He tried to remember if he had been thoughtful enough to clear the chamber. 

He swallowed around the dryness in his throat and managed, “We’re not here for anything.”

“That’s another lie. One more, and whatever this godsdamn thing is, I’m using it on you.”  

Clint stared at his pack lying on the other side of the room. Cursed himself a thousand times for leaving all of his weapons inside of it. He gripped his blanket in two fists and said, “What makes you think we’re lying?”

“You march in here with your bags bursting and try to claim that you were robbed by bandits. You’re carrying strange weapons and lying about where you’ve come from and why you’re here.” Kilas snorted. “I’m getting the impression that *you’re* the bandits.”

Clint’s aching mind raced. Adrenaline and panic surged through him, filled him with a clarity hot and sharp as a blade. He said, “You’re trying to start a four against one fight here, buddy. That won’t go well for you.”

“I only count one person in this room. You have two drunk women and a child who thinks she’s a good liar.” He looked down at the rifle with disdain. “This is your last chance before I figure out exactly what your little *fire wand* does.”

Clint bit his lip, hard. Cursed his delirium and fear. He said, “It’s called a gun.”

“A gun, huh?”

“Yeah.” Clint raised his voice as loud as he could without drawing suspicion. “You’ve got my gun, and it’s going to kill us both.”

“Keep your godsdamn voice down, boy.” Kilas pushed the muzzle of the rifle against Clint’s throat. 

Clint swallowed, his belly vaulting down to the floor. He fought the urge to wrestle the thing out of the man’s hands right then and there. There were too many chances for Kilas to blow his head off that way. (God, he hoped he cleared the chamber. Hoped the safety was on. Hoped against hope.)

He said, “You’re right. You’re right. We’re not dragon hunters.”

“Tell me something I haven’t already figured out.”

Clint squeezed his eyes shut and said, “There are people chasing us. They have more guns than we do. And they’ll kill us. They’ll kill everyone in this town.”

“Why in Sielaph’s name would I believe you?”

“Because if you don’t believe me you’re dead.” Then Clint remembered, moments later, this was someone playing a *character*. Maybe they didn’t care about death. By the way Kilas’s glower didn’t change, he must have not found it a good threat. He tried again, “Do you have a family, Kilas? Because they’ll be dead too. They’ll take every piece of value you have and burn your inn down and leave your corpse inside it.”

“None of this is answering my question of *who you are*.”

“I’m nobody. None of us are anybody. We’re just running like hell from a bunch of people who want to kill us.” And that was mostly true. “That’s how I got hurt. They attacked us, up on the mountain.”

“There’s nobody up on Heaven’s Gate this time of year. A man would have to be mad to camp there. It’s a death sentence.”

Clint squeezed his eyes shut as the gun bit deeper into his skin. “Please,” he said. “I’m telling the truth. They took my wife.” His throat constricted around that word. It was a word that really might have described Rachel in another few years, in another life, where he looked left again, where he saw the car, where he slammed on the breaks and joked, *holy shit, that was close* and Rachel laughed along with him and none of this could have ever happened. “They took everything. And I’m just trying to get her back.”

For a long few moments, Kilas didn’t say a word. 

But they both snapped their heads toward the creak of someone moving in the hallway.

Kilas moved away from Clint’s bed. He had seemed to figure out more or less how to hold the rifle, even though his grip was awkward and unaccustomed. He faced the door with the gun raised and hissed at Clint, “I won’t have you bringing death and violence into my place of business.”

“Then we’ll leave,” Clint said. “Right now.”

“No. No, you won’t.”

The door swung open.

Kilas pulled the trigger, and it gave a loud, useless click.

Clint let out a breath of relief he didn’t realize he’d been holding. He leapt out of bed and instantly collapsed back down on the edge of it as his dizziness hit him. It was not as bad as it had been days ago, not enough that he had to double over and retch 

Daphne stood there in the doorway. Her face was a mask of terror, and she held her Glock raised at the man’s chest. Her arms trembled.

“Put it down,” she said. 

Kilas ignored her. He struggled with the bolt action on the side, and the gun gave a dangerous click of a bullet nestling into the chamber.

Daphne didn’t hesitate. The gun barked and sparked in her hands. 

Clint threw himself down onto the bed. He watched as a bullet lodged into the wall behind Kilas, another, and the ones that followed drilled through his middle and set him tumbling back with a roar that was pain and surprise alike. The innkeeper dropped the rifle and staggered backwards, against the wall. He slipped down, scarlet trailing after him.

Tears coursed soundlessly down Daphne’s cheeks. She did not lower her gun. 

Clint dove forward to scoop up the rifle.

“Oh, gods,” Kilas groaned, his voice rising in panic. He touched at his chest, stared at his bloodied fingers in disbelief. “What kind of weapon *is* that?”

Before Daphne could answer, Clint scooped his rifle up off the floor and caught Daphne in a tight hug. He smoothed her hair down, his belly sick with guilt when she hugged him back, her belly heaving with sobs.

“It’s okay,” Clint murmured. “He’s not real. None of this is real.”

But the acrid smell of gun smoke was. And so was the ringing in his ears, and the shots someone else must have heard.

He gripped Daphne’s shoulders and told her, “We have to go. Now.”

And as they staggered into the hall, Malina and Florence were already wrenching open their doors, looking around blearied and bewildered.

“What *happened?*” Malina demanded.

But before Clint answered, something roared in the sky overhead. 

And it was no gun.
***
 |New here? Here's .
***

 | 
***
For a long few seconds, none of them moved. The dragon gave a low simmering growl from deep in its belly. 

The shop door banged open and someone burst down the steps.

The dragon took a step that made the distant trees shudder, the snow slipping off their branches.

Clint nearly pushed himself up, but Daphne hissed at them wait and got to her feet. Malina reached out to snatch the end of her cloak, but Daphne swished it out of her reach just in time.

“Wait,” the girl hissed. She divested her backpack and stumbled out between the two buildings with her hands raised.

Malina muffled her curses against her arm.

Florence wrestled the map from her pocket and held up four fingers. 

His belly flipped. Atlas’s crew. They must have sent down a small party first, to test if it was safe. Clint started to ask, “How—?” and Malina clamped her hand over his mouth and shook her head, violently.

Daphne emerged in the space between the two buildings with her arms raised. Her head was tilted upward, and she said so softly Clint could barely hear her, “Please don’t kill us. We’re here to help you.”

Terror coursed through him, sharpened his mind, drew him away from the fog and the dizziness. He wanted to lunge out there after her with his gun raised and see just how a dragon could fare against an assault rifle. 

But then the rider replied, “Who’s ‘us’?” A man’s voice, heavily accented and tinged with distrust.

“My friends.” Daphne gestured over her shoulder, her hands still up in the air. “We heard about what you were all doing here. And we want to help.”

For a long moment, the rider said nothing. And then he said, “You might as well tell them to come out.”

“Convenient that he speaks English,” Florence muttered under her breath. 

Malina grumbled back, “Yeah, maybe if they let you do a review card, you can tell Death that.”

And for a moment, the two shared biting smiles. They turned to help Clint up but he waved them away and pushed himself up (half-stumbling, faintly tipsy) and followed Daphne out into the light of the path.

Stepping into the dragon’s gaze felt like putting his hand inside a lion’s mouth. His belly plummeted for the earth, and every fiber in his being screamed at him to turn and run.

The beast pinned them there. Its eyes were huge as Clint’s palm, with narrow, reptilian pupils that watched them with an intensity that he could only describe as intelligent. It was the color of night, and the light of the fire shone back on his dark scales, warped to shades of dark green and violet, like the sun shining off spilled oil. It was nearly as large as the shops themselves, its head half-raised as if in warning. If the dragon stretched his wings fully, they would have encompassed the width of the entire road, buildings included. 

It flicked its massive tail and glanced between them all with thin restraint. 

The dragon’s rider was not a particularly tall man, but he carried a sword at his hip with a black sheath. An intricately-engraved mask covered most of his face, except for the narrow slit through which his eyes shone, flicking over them all.

He said, “How have you heard of us?”

“We’re thieves too.” Daphne nodded to the heap of treasures piled in the middle of the road. “We too despise any institution that benefits from the tyranny of the king.”

Clint half expected the dragon rider to wave them away and let the dragon rend them apart like little twigs. 

But instead the rider said, “Who told you about us?”

“A friend.”

“You understand it’s difficult to trust a group of armed foreigners who won’t reveal their sources.”

The corner of Daphne’s mouth rose in a devilish grin. She let her hands lower. “The most valuable friends know when to keep their secrets.”

For a long moment, the rider said nothing at all. He regarded the dark sky, the buildings already succumbed to the fire’s heat. Then he said, “Why have you come here?”

“To look for you.” Florence kept walking forward until she stepped out of the deep snow. She stood there on the road, her back a rigid line, as if she was not frightened at all of being only a few dozen feet from claws the size of her forearm. “To warn you.”

Daphne cast Florence a furtive glance full of uncertainty and disbelief, but the rider must not have noticed it, because he said, “Of what?”

Anxiety ran thick in Clint’s throat. The man had the idle curiosity of someone who knew he had already won. No matter what Clint’s friends threw at him—words or bullets or otherwise—there was little they could do against the solid hulk of scales and fires standing over them, staring like it was just waiting for the chance to end them.

But Florence continued, unafraid, “Scouts, sent by the king. They’ve heard of your enterprise, and they’ve come to kill you. All of you.”

The rider muttered something under his breath heated and sparking, could only be a curse. He reached up like he wanted to take off his mask, and he stopped himself. He said, “I see little reason to trust you.”

The dragon’s tail twitched, as if it could hear the uncertainty in its master’s voice. Smoke curled from its nostrils, and a grumbling rose from deep in his belly, like the murmuring of magma. 

Malina did not seem to be listening all the way. She was looking up at the dragon, her eyes huge, her brown skin sallow and pale. She said, low, almost like a prayer, “We can’t have gotten this far for it to go like this.”

Daphne did not waver. She said only, “Because we’ve come all this way just to keep that bastard from winning. You don’t need to trust us. You need to be willing to let us prove it to you.”

The fire roared dully all around them as the rider in the mask just stood appraising them, the empty road. Then he nodded to Clint and demanded, “Why do you let all these women speak for you?”

“Ah.” Clint gave an awkward laugh. He was too scattered for a good lie, so he said the only reasonable truth he could think of: “They’re smarter than me.” Then he glanced at Malina. “Well. Some of them.”

Perhaps if she weren’t so busy staring up at the dragon in muted horror, Malina would have punched him for that.  

But to his surprise, the rider chuckled to himself. “Help me sack the rest of the shops, then.”

A thousand questions burned inside Clint, chiefest among them being *does robbing these people living out in bumfuck nowhere really get anywhere close to sticking it to some king?* but he moved forward with his friends regardless. Stepping toward the dragon felt like stepping out onto a tightrope, but the creature sat itself up on its haunches and regarded them with mild curiosity, like they were strange kittens. 

Malina and Clint took one shop while Daphne and Florence took the other.

Clint stood marveling up at the dragon while Malina kicked the door down. As soon as they tumbled into the darkness of the shop, she hissed at him, “Those two are fucking insane.”

“We’re not dead,” Clint said. “So maybe not that insane.”

“Not yet,” Malina scoffed.

For a brief, horrifying moment he imagined the rider changing his mind, the torrent of fire spraying the shop with them inside of it. The smash and pop of superheated glass, the instant scream of the wood. Daphne dying that way all over again.

But the shop did not burn, and the dragon outside did not move, so they set about ransacking the place. They rounded up everything that seemed valuable: jewlery, weapons, alcohol, gold. They carried it out into the road by the armfuls where the masked man picked pieces out here and there to toss into the massive canvas pouches hanging from the dragon’s great hide.

He passed Daphne on trips to and from their shops. The girl’s grin was huge and relentless, as for a moment she had forgotten the fire and her terror and the threat of those teeth rending them apart.

And when the shops were empty and the best of their goods picked through, the masked man pulled his mask off to regard them all. His face looked remarkably plain, his hair white-blond, his lip lined with a deep vertical scar. He said, “Tomorrow, you will go to the Lonely Mountain and walk as far as the road will take you. And then I will find you. And we can talk someplace more suited to secrecy.”

And then the man turned to the dragon, who lowered its head to let him clamber up its shoulder and onto the leather saddle strapped there, so small that Clint nearly missed it altogether.

The man crowed something in a strange language, and the dragon pressed itself close to the ground before launching up into the air with a downward rush of air so strong Clint stumbled back in surprise.

He turned to watch, but the dragon and its rider were already gone, into the night.
***
 || 
***

When everyone stepped outside, Florence heaved the burning log toward one of the pools of rum on the ground. It caught instantly, with a static roar that sent Daphne stumbling back behind Clint, burying her face into his back. He reached behind himself with his left arm to hold her, all the while his eyes scoured the ground, the sky. 

The shop beside the inn was half-consumed by flame, its roof buckling, like it wanted to collapse. But the fire was strange, like none Clint had ever seen before. It seemed viscous, dripping down the walls of the shop nearly like lava, collecting in puddles on the earth. The fire spread slowly, devouring the snow, seeping out to devour anything close enough to reach it. Perhaps Florence didn’t even have to stage arsonry. Perhaps the dragon really would have taken care of the inn, if they’d left it to fortune.

But Florence liked to control the odds.

The fire spread hotly through the inn. The heat boxed them in on either side like it was building up walls in the air. The friends stumbled away from it, hands over their eyes—except Daphne, who kept her face hidden in Clint’s sweater. She gripped him so tightly and stood so frozen with fear that she nearly made both of them fall when he tried to move.

Clint gave her a one-armed squeeze and said, “You gotta move when I move, Daph.”

She nodded, but did not look up.

Fear thrummed in Clint’s belly as he looked and looked and saw nothing. For a moment, the only sounds in the village were the crackle and roar of the fire. There had to be people waking up soon. Someone would have to come see what had happened.

Or perhaps they’d learned by now it was better to hide inside and wait than to face a dragon.

They were on one of the village’s main pathways, which had half a dozen storefronts, their windows dark and sleeping. He knew there were houses somewhere near here, remembered wandering past people squinting at them distrustful from their porches or from behind shutters. But in the dark, with the fire casting dancing shadows on his vision, he couldn’t make sense of where he was, where they should go.

Malina seemed to know. She and Florence exchange a few quick words, and then Malina turned to Clint and said, raising her voice over the fire, “This way!”

He followed, one arm holding Daphne tightly. If turning his head didn’t make him feel faint still, he would have hunkered down low to murmur *You’re brave, you’re safe, it’s okay* and he hoped the way he held her said that, somehow. 

His friends led the way behind the shops furthest from the blaze, where the snow was so thick and deep it immediately sucked them in up to their knees. But Malina pushed through, her head turned up toward the stars. And when they were hidden behind the shops, she dropped down to her knees and hissed at them, “Do we stay or run?”

For a moment, the four of them stood silent, staring between each other. Daphne kept glancing worriedly over her back as the fire.

“Do you think it will spread?” she whispered.

“No,” Clint said, hoping his total lack of confidence didn’t show. “Of course not.”

He had expected people to come down the road shouting. Try to put the fires out. Something. But he road was quiet and empty, and he realized that there was a simple reason for that: perhaps they knew they would die trying.

“We hide,” Clint said, firmly. “Like everyone else is.”

“I think it went away,” Florence said, her voice low with doubt.

Clint glanced upward. For a split second, the moon was gone, but then the dark shaped passed over it and he could see it there, darkness upon the darkness, the streaking body the blotted out the stars. He murmured, “No. It’s circling.”

“Why would a dragon attack a village? Like what’s the biological motivation for that shit?” Malina scowled and snapped open her shotgun to check that both shells were loaded. “This stupid game makes no fucking sense.” 

“Because it’s smart,” Daphne said.

A screaming tore open the sky. It reverberated across the valley and off the mountain, silencing every night noise and whisper but the crackle of the fire.

Everything hid when the dragons came out.

Clint scattered his stare around. There were little places to hide. The ground here was flat and empty. A hundred years ago, it might have still been a cluster of towering pines, before humans came along and flattened out a burrow of their own. Now there was nothing but snow and buildings and houses and beyond them—too far beyond to run for now—the woods, the safety of the towering pines.

“We have to get inside,” he insisted. 

Malina’s brows came together uncertainly. “If the fire spreads, we’re dead.”

“Yeah, and if a dragon sees us we’re extra fucking dead.” He looked at Florence. “You play by the odds. You try to tell me I’m wrong.”

Florence sighed. “He isn’t.” She nodded to the shop beside theirs, the last on the row and furthest from the flames. “That one has a back door. We’ll bust it down and lay low.”

But before any of them could move, Daphne hissed, “It’s here. It’s landing.”

Clint didn’t stop to ask her what she meant. He threw himself down onto his belly in the snow. Beside him, Daphne burrowed herself down, deeply, balled herself up, and threw her cloak over herself. He supposed, from the sky, she really might look like nothing more than a rock or a strange lump of fabric.

The ground shuddered as the dragon landed in the middle of the road. One of its great wings landed inside the shop across from theirs with a splinter of wood and glass. And for a moment, the thing just stood there.

The silence was so dense, Clint could hear it *breathing*. The heavy rise and fall of its lungs. Its hot breath rose in columns of steam that he could see pluming up above the building they hid behind. He lay there, trying not to breathe, trying to slow the very blood in his veins so that he could be nothing but a dark shape in the snow, nothing worth noticing or investigating or—

Something moved, out there on the road. A slip of something against scales, a grunt.

Someone must have wandered out of their house, stumbled out helping at the wrong time. 

Clint squeezed his eyes shut and hoped he was not about to hear someone be eviscerated. 

But around the huge whistling wind of the dragon’s breath, he could hear a person speaking. He couldn’t quite make out the words, wasn’t perfectly convinced that they were even English. 

The dragon made a low rumbling noise in his chest that was nearly thoughtful.

Clint lifted his head out of the snow. Between the cracks in the buildings, he could just make out someone stalking past in a dark cloak, the hood lined with bright white fur. The figure did not turn toward him, just simply kept walking down the length of the shops.

Wood splintered; a door flew back and banged open. And then whoever that person was walked into one of the unburning shops.

The group lay there in the snow, listening to the dragon rider on the road tossing valuables into a heap: the clink of metal and steel, the heavy thump of bundles Clint couldn’t identify. 

The dragon stood there, its breath coming even and peaceful, judging from the coiling steam rising toward the sky. 

Malina raised her head to mouth to Florence, *What the fuck is happening?* and Florence shook her head violently and pressed a finger to her lips for quiet. 

On the other side of the building, the dragon shifted. For a moment, Clint thought it had heard the whisper of Malina’s hair against the snow, but the dragon gave a weary groan and settled down with a rumble, the ground shuddering beneath it.

The cloaked stranger moved onto the next building. Kicked that door down too, by the sound of it.

And then, somewhere inside Malina’s backpack, a static beep cut through the moonlit night. She flung it off and wrangled for it, but there was already the tearing groan of the dragon’s claws seeking traction as the beast pushed itself up.

A man’s voice said, muffled, “We’ve made it to the other side. Team 2, can you copy? Team 2? Goddammit.”

Malina dumped her backpack out into the snow and ripped the batteries out of the radio.

But it was too late.

The dragon and its rider had heard them.
***
 |Thanks for being so goddamn patient with me. I've been dealing with a massive amount of chronic pain in my ulnar nerve (I have something called cubital tunnel syndrome, caused by a car accident) that makes writing a bit difficult and slow at the moment, e.g. yesterday was bad enough I couldn't sit up to write, even using voice to text. Thank you for being able and willing to wait for me <3

I am working on the next part for 9 Levels soon! Should be posting it just an hour or so after this >_> 

Thank you again, for being here, and for all your kind comments. They really do mean everything to me <3 

***

For a long moment, I just stood there, holding her stare. Everything smelled like green earth. I could feel every bit of alcohol I’d drunk tonight pulsing through me, slowing the pace of my thoughts down to a chug.

Izzy’s eyes were huge and wet. I had never seen her so worried. But it was more than that. She looked almost apologetic.

Finally, I managed, “What the hell are you talking about?”

She paused. She opened and shut her mouth. “I’ve been trying to find a way to tell you. I should’ve said earlier. So much earlier.” She tucked her hair behind her ear and looked up at me, miserably.

“Then just tell me.” I wanted to reach for her hand, but I just lightly punched her shoulder. I knew better by now than to try to get close to Izzy. I wasn’t ready to risk our friendship like that again. I wasn’t ready to relive the old days. But god, some part of me yearned to feel her crumple into me and hold her and tell her nothing she could have done would change how I feel about her.

“I knew. I’ve known. About this.”

Uncertainty rose in my gut. “What do you mean by all this?”

Izzy gripped her forehead in both hands and turned away from me. I watched the moonlight kiss the back of her neck.

“I saw it,” she murmured, “in Leo’s head. It was only for a moment, when we got out of the van. He let it slip.” She turned back to me, and she was biting her thumbnail hard. Her dark eyes just kept watching the ground.

My brows furrowed in confusion. This was beyond strange for Izzy. She seemed unanchored, as if her thoughts were scattering in a dozen directions at once. Maybe she was drunk. Maybe she was just as tired as I was. 

But still. I couldn’t shake my irritation with her for not telling me sooner. Not that I could pinpoint any time she could’ve told me since the moment we left that van.

“Just give me a straight answer, Iz, for fuck’s sake. You sound like you’re trying to hide something from me.”

She hackled at that. “If you’re going to call me a liar, you could be direct about it.”

I almost spat back, maybe you just shouldn’t lie to me. 

Izzy’s eyebrows lifted a fraction, as though she could hear me. As if she had a sixth sense, even without her power, for when I was being a bit of a prick.

But I made myself take a deep breath. “I’m not calling you a liar. I’m just saying you can be straight with me. No one’s listening out here.”

For a long few seconds, the night spoke between us. The wheat murmured with the hot summer breeze, and somewhere in the dark, toads and and cicadas and crickets sang a three-part harmony.

Izzy sighed and said, “Let’s walk.”

Then, without waiting for my reply, she turned and followed the thin snaking trail of broken wheat stalks, deeper into the field.

I went after her. Part of me wanted to pester again, but I knew Izzy well enough to know she was stitching sentences together in her mind. Sometimes I had to work her like an interrogator. When Izzy was like this, the first one to speak always lost. 

Either this trail would lead us to the bunker exit, or we had just stumbled across the path of a wayward cow. But either way, I savored the moon and the quiet and the chance to be nothing but myself. Not the World-Ender. Not one of the FBI’s most wanted. Just Izzy and Eli, walking together under the stars.

Izzy spoke after what felt like ages. She said, without stopping, “I knew who was down there waiting for you. I knew what she wanted. What they have planned. That’s what he’s still keeping my powers from me. I’m sure of it.”

I frowned. I wanted to tell her that wasn’t worth the secrecy and subterfuge, but I didn’t want to ruin this walk with a stupid argument. Instead I said, “What did you see?”

“I saw…” She hesitated. Her voice sounded like it was catching and sticking in her throat. “I don’t think you can trust these people, Eli.”

I couldn’t help my laugh. “Do you think I do?”

But Izzy wasn’t smiling. She halted so suddenly I almost walked right into her. She frowned up at me and said, “I don’t think you’re safe here.”

“Didn’t we agree I’m not very safe anywhere?”

Izzy shook her head. “That’s not what I’m saying. I just… Whatever she says, whatever she tells you, you have to know you’re just another pawn to her. She wants to use you too. They all do.”

“Are you sure you didn’t drink anything?” I tried to smile, to lighten the mood.

Izzy’s face creased to make a smile, but it didn’t reach her eyes. I had never seen her so worried. “Maybe we should just leave tonight. Just us.”

My stomach twisted at that. I could make it happen, maybe. Divine a car out of nothing so that we could drive and drive until we found the sunrise. I could almost picture Izzy sitting beside me, her toes on the dashboard.

I pushed that mental image away. “Don’t be crazy. I’m not leaving my brother here.”

Izzy gave a low laugh and murmured, “Oh, right. Him.” 

“We will leave. Whenever we want to, I’ll make us leave.” I nudged her with my elbow, trying to get her to smile. “Come on. Isn’t that the one perk of having apocalyptic powers? Might as well use them.”

“Not with Leo around,” she muttered. 

“We can’t do anything about it tonight, anyway.” I nodded toward the path behind her, which curved around and disappeared deeper into the field. “Come on. Don’t you want to see where it ends?”

She hesitated before she gave a small, almost imperceptible nod. Her hand found mine again. She held my fingers until they hurt, as if trying to squeeze a Morse code message through my palm.

“I’ll be disappointed if we go all this way for nothing, you know,” she said. This time she really did smile.

Deja vu fell over me, and I was glad I was too empty to use my power. For a second, I could almost believe we were at that house party four years ago. It had been another night like this one: me way drunker than Izzy, with only the stars watching us. Our hands, just like this. I had wanted to kiss her then too, but I’d been drunk enough to actually try that night. The memory was warm and sharp, too sharp to hold onto for very long.

Izzy let out a huff of breath through her nose and almost seemed to roll her eyes before she blinked hard and fast and whirled away from me. She dropped my hand. “Well, what’s the matter now?”

But I didn’t move. Suspicion rolled sickly in my gut. I had to be stressed. Had to be my exhaustion. I had to be imagining it. 

She gave me a faintly worried frown. “You feeling okay?”

The accusation poised on the tip of my tongue. I felt guilty even putting it into words. I managed, “You heard that, didn’t you?”

Izzy’s eyes widened. “Heard what?”

Before I could answer, something snapped behind us. Like a stalk of wheat, splintering underfoot.

We weren’t alone.

***
I also wrote a couple of contest entries these past two weeks :) 

I wrote a romantic comedy flash fiction story for contest called NYC Midnight, which you can read here if you'd like: 

And I wrote an entry for thecontest! It's called . 

Thanks again for all your support
***| 
***
It was like we were dumb high school kids all over again. I could still remember the last time I had walked into some dark yard at a house party and caught Izzy’s eye, from across the way. And I wondered, as she looked at me and looked away again, if she was thinking the same thing. 

I caught that thought before it could get any bigger and folded it down until it was nothing. Until it barely existed anymore. It was a trick that took me years of unimpressed sideways glances from Izzy to finally hone. 

The heat of the bonfire made my stomach spin. There were a few logs dragged around it to make benches. Leo sat alone on one, a half-finished beer beside him. He only looked up from his carving to dip his head at me in greeting. 

I flopped down on Izzy’s bench. May sat on the other side of her. For a moment, I stood there gently swaying, as the world sloshed around me and settled slowly back together. I was a little drunker than I had realized. My empty stomach snarled at me. 

Across the fire from us, Avis sat on the bench beside her father, her eyes heavy-lidded and unimpressed. She tapped at an old Gameboy like she wanted to be anywhere but here.

Izzy raised her eyebrows at me and quirked a little half-grin. She was still uncomfortable. I could see it in the taut lines of her face, the way that her hands kept fidgeting with her necklace. She elbowed me lightly and said, “Oh, glad you’re still alive.”

“Yeah. They let me out of the torture chamber.”

She gave a tight, obligatory smile. “Is that what it was?”

“Kind of. I’ll tell you about it in a minute.”

May glanced between us, brows raised. She had half a hot dog in her hand and was chewing, thoughtfully. She swallowed and said, “So we’ve sat here waiting all this time, and you won’t even give us good drama?”

My voice caught in my throat. I didn’t know the polite way to say that I didn’t have the energy to put it all into words. That I didn’t feel like telling anyone but Izzy, not right now. Not when I still had no idea how to think about all of it. 

I forced a smile. “Maybe when Noah gets back.” Then I gestured vaguely around us. I recognized maybe half the people here from the van, but I had to remind myself that I didn’t *know* them, not really. Not well enough to trust that every word of our conversation wouldn’t make it back to Sherman, one way or another.

“But what happened?” May insisted.

I looked at Izzy. It took a long second for her to notice me in her periphery and look over.

Something like anger twisted in my chest. I looked across the fire at Leo, who was still smoothing his knife over that little carving. Honing out the edges.

“So,” I muttered. “He’s still not letting you use your power?”

Izzy dipped her head and nodded. 

“I get it, kind of,” May said. She had the happy chatter of someone who was well on their way to being blindly drunk. She tilted her head back and gave me a stupid grin. “I imagine there’s all kinds of information floating around that they don’t want us to know about.”

“You could talk a little more quietly, if you think that,” I said in that patient, gentle way you have to be with most drunks. A bit like you’d redirect a confused but well-intentioned child.

That worked. May’s face split in a faintly embarrassed grin. “Fair point,” she conceded. She brought the bottle up toward her lips and slid it close enough to drink out of.

I looked at Izzy. “What drink number is that?”

May scoffed. “Fuck off. Like she’s my mom.”

“I’m sure neither one of us know,” Izzy returned. She was sober, and she looked increasingly annoyed. There was an unmistakable furrow between her brows. She pulled up a weed from the trodden grass beside her and tossed it into the fire.

I felt too many eyes on me. A creeping oddness swept over me. I had never been the undeniable elephant in the room before. I felt as if every person there was doing their best to look as if they weren’t pouring every bit of their focus into me.

I nudged Izzy’s shoulder with my own. “Come on. Let’s go for a walk.”

Across the fire, even in the corner of my eye, I could see Leo’s shoulders prick. Maybe it was his job to keep an eye on me. 

But Izzy seemed relieved to go. She dipped her head and let me take her hand to help her stand up from the fire.

“Ooo,” May cooed, “go ahead, go off alone in the dark kids. Have *fun*.”

“Shut up,” I said, but I couldn’t help my grin.

Even with all the madness, all the stress and hunger… it was summer, and the night air was warm and bright, and the whirring cicada and the shape of Izzy’s hand in mine were reasons to be happy. 

I stood, turned, and nearly smacked into my brother. He stood behind me with a still-steaming hamburger on a plate.

“Where are you going?” he started.

But I didn’t have the energy in me for an answer. I just took the plate from him and used it to give him a mock-salute, holding my hamburger down with a thumb to keep it from sliding off. “Thanks, brother.”

“What the hell?” Noah said.

“They’re going to go make out,” May explained.

“Ew,” Izzy and Avis—who I should have realized was keyed into our every word—said, simultaneously. Avis scrunched up her nose in uniquely teenaged indignation.

But Izzy squeezed my fingers, as if to let me know it was a joke.

Noah flicked a glance between Izzy and I. His stare lingered on hers a bit longer, as if he was speaking only to her. “Hurry back, now. You know what we’re supposed to do.”

“Wow, thanks, boss.” Izzy rolled her eyes and flounced away from him. She pulled me along after her before I could ask my brother just what that meant.

“What the hell was that about?”

“Noah being a drunk idiot, like always?”

I couldn’t help but scoff in agreement. She had helped me survive far too many of Noah’s unapproved house parties in high school, the kind my brother liked to pull when my mom was pulling a double shift at the hospital, and he thought he could hide the evidence before she got home. 

Izzy slipped her hand out of mine and tucked her hair shyly behind her ear. “So,” she said, as we left the warm radius of the firelight, “what’s this walk for?”

“A few reasons.” I tried to build walls around my thoughts. Izzy couldn’t be the only telepath here.

We really were in the middle of nowhere. Countryside surrounded us on all sides. Just outside the sun-dried grass of the front lawn, the landscaping gave way to unkempt wheat fields that stretched as far as I could see 

“To test how far that asshole’s power works?” She tilted her head back the way we came, where I could still make out Leo, sitting by the fire. He was turned backward in his seat to watch us go.

That irritated me almost as much as it unsettled me. “Hadn’t thought of that,” I admitted. I tried to make my smile look natural. “But that’s a good one.”

Izzy gave me a severe look. 

“I want to know what happened down there.”

I paused, glancing sideways at Izzy. Then I dipped my head in a nod. “Yeah. There was a bunker. In the basement.” I ate as I walked, following a meandering and unavoidable curve along the gravel driveway until I saw what I was looking for: a dent in the grass. Evidence someone had passed through there before us.

Without pausing to explain—I’m too used to her just *knowing*—I stepped off the gravel road and down into the arms of the field. 

Izzy paused on the edge of the driveway. She looked between me and the grass, uncertain.

“Come on,” I said. I took another bite of my burger and regretted leaving that beer behind. 

“What’s the plan here, exactly?”

“The bunker lets out somewhere out here.” I offered Izzy my free hand to help her tiptoe down.

“You know you’re looking for the equivalent of a needle in a haystack.”

“Wheat field,” I corrected her.

Izzy bit her lip, but she followed me down into the grass. The stalks grew so tall they seemed to devour Izzy the second she stepped through.

“Do you have any idea where this thing even is?”

“I have a theory,” I said, gesturing to the trampled stalks beneath us, “that this might lead us to it.”

“Or it will lead us to a bunch of cows.”

I grinned. “Good adventure either way.”

“What are we really doing out here, Eli?”

I shrugged and kept walking through the dark. A lightning bug abandoned its perch and hummed away when we walked past.

“I want to talk to you,” I admitted. “Without worrying about everyone all around.” I finished my last bite of sandwich and folded up the paper plate to jam it in my back pocket.

Izzy grabbed my hand. We paused there, surrounded on all sides by the sweet scent of earth and the hum of cicadas. She frowned up at me. “Tell me what happened. Please.”

I sighed and swayed with the hot night air. I wanted to be home and drunk and unimportant again. But not if it meant losing this. Izzy standing toe-to-toe with me, our noses inches apart, with no idea what was going through my mind. It felt like a kind of freedom.

“I met the leader of all this. I think it’s a gang, or something. It seems big. Bigger than all of this.” I tilted my head back at the stars, as if they too might be listening. “I feel like they’ve been planning this for a long time.”

Izzy’s fingers tightened over mine. Her brows crinkled together. I had never seen her look so urgent before.

She said, her voice a dry whisper, “They’ve been planning this. For a long time.” 
***
 |New here? Here's .
***
 | 
***
For a long while, they simply stood on the road, watching the buildings smolder and the pile of abandoned goods, blunt weapons and dented armor. Things not worth stealing. The snow had melted in huge patches where the dragon had laid, and they crouched over the still-warm earth. Every member of the group had a distant, ravaged look, as if none of them could quite believe what happened before them just moments ago.

“When do you think someone’s going to come investigate?” Malina murmured low to Florence.

“When they believe it’s gone.”

Clint bit at the skin around his thumbnail and stared up at the fire. He was tired enough that he sat flat on his ass in the muddy road, not caring that he was wet and dirty, not caring about much of anything but a few inarguable facts:

Atlas’s men were only a day or two of walking away from them now, assuming they went slow.

They had killed a man and hid the evidence.

There would be people coming soon to see the wreckage.

Those people *needed* to believe that he and his friends hadn’t caused it.

Daphne must have read his mind. She sat on the ground beside him, slumped into his arm in exhaustion. She said, “We have to come up with our story.”

“What story?” Florence scoffed. “A big-ass fucking dragon showed up, and the rider stole a bunch of shit, and we didn’t try to stop them because we didn’t want to get killed.”

“No.” Malina shook her head. She was squatting, staring at the cooling mud, the thin layers of ice already forming over its surface. She smirked up at her friends, glancing between them one by one. “We stick to the narrative we told Kilas.”

And then Malina talked and talked, and the more she explained, the more Clint felt himself nodding along.

They talked for a long hour, assigning characters, divvying up parts. For a moment, even in the light of the fire, Daphne grinned in real, unbridled excitement. She looked like she was enjoying the game of it, even if only for a moment. 

Clint decided to be mute, mostly because the concussion headaches made it too hard to focus to spin up a good lie. 

“Should we make up names?” Daphne asked, excitedly. 

“Oh, I bet you have like a Lord of the Rings fan fiction elf name for yourself already,” Malina muttered.

Daphne punched her arm and managed, “Shut up,” as she blushed, madly, which was as good as saying *of course I do*. The other three started cackling until Florence held up her hand suddenly and pointed down the road.

There was someone coming, out of the darkness. Someone on horseback. He came surging up the road, his cheeks pink, his eyes wide with amazement and distrust. The man pulled his horse up to a stomping stop just short of the party. All four of them rose to their feet; Clint did his best not to wobble. At the very least, he didn’t feel the pressure to come up with a good improv.

The man half-drew the sword from the sheath at his side and demanded of them, “Are you party to what occurred here?”

“That’s a funny way to say thank you,” Florence spat back.

The man stared at her in perfect confusion. “Did you not hear the dragon?”

“Oh, we heard it. We saw it, and fought it and its rider off.” Malina gave a lazy shrug. “So again, the word you’re looking for is *thanks*.”

He gaped at them, openly. He dismounted without any real grace and let his sword fall back to his side. “You fought it off? How?”

Malina just hooked her thumb under her rifle’s shoulder strap and gave it a tug. She smirked. “We’ve come specially prepared for the occasion.”

“Heard you had a dragon problem,” Florence added. “We didn’t realize it was *this* bad.”

The man looked between the four of them quizzically. “I don’t recognize you. How long have you been in Atyn?”

“Only this night.” Malina smirked. “I guess you’re lucky we showed up.”

Clint half-expected the man to argue with them, to demand more evidence or poke holes in their strained story. But instead his face broke in relief, and he said, “You can stay at the viceroy’s quarters, for the night. In the morning, you will tell him everything."

The man started to turn to lead them up the road the direction he had come from. And then he paused and added, “You may call me Eram. I am the viceroy’s second-in-command, and a good friend to have.” He accompanied this with a grin and a wink, as if just by scaring the dragon off, they had ingratiated themselves into his inner circle.

“Come,” he insisted. “You must be cold. We’ll give you the welcome dragon hunters deserve.”

***

Clint would have liked to have stayed up all night, alert and ready for anything. Ready for this to all turn out to be some devious, roundabout ploy where he was roused from his sleep by the sharp end of someone’s sword.

But the moment that a servant boy showed him to his room—little more than a closet, but a finely decorated one—he collapsed on the mattress, relieved that it was feathers and not straw, and he slept like a dead man.

He woke the next morning to the sun. Well, more accurately, someone else woke him with the sun.

When Clint lifted his head blearily from his pillow, that servant boy was there again, pinning back the burgundy curtains to let the day in.

“Oh,” he said, when Clint roused. “I’m sorry. Your friends told me to let you rest. They said you hit your head.”

Clint nearly told him *don’t worry about it* before he remembered his character. Instead, he just gave a friendly nod and waved the boy off. 

The boy told him, “I think your friends are down in the hall having breakfast.” The boy hesitated there in the doorway for a moment before he ventured, “Is it true?” 

He offered the boy a quizzical frown.

“That you can’t talk?”

Then he laughed and nodded.

“Your friend, the girl, she said…” He pressed his hand over his mouth. “Sorry. I shouldn’t ask.”

Clint waved him on.

“She said a mountain witch cursed you and stole your voice. Is that true?”

He thought on this for a moment and then held his hand up flat. He teetered his palm back and forth, doing his best to indicate *sorta*.

Someone down the hall snapped at the boy, “Don’t you accost the lord’s guests.”

The servant boy squeaked an apology. “There are fresh clothes for you in the dresser,” he said, and then scurried down the hall.

Clint sat on the edge of his bed, blinking in mild perplexion. He felt nearly normal again, a feeling so feathery and vague that he was nearly afraid to acknowledge it, in case it vanished altogether. But the world wasn’t tipping away from him, and his words didn’t dissolve like vapor in the air the moment he reached for them.

Clint nudged the door shut with his boot and peeled off his old filthy clothes, which reeked of body odor and woodsmoke. He tossed them in a soiled pile on the floor. The clothes in the dresser were distinctly… medieval, he supposed. Tan breeches, a pale blue tunic, a thick leather belt. A dark grey cloak made out of a thick, faintly scratchy wool. He put it on, feeling like a character in a bad community theater play. 

Behind him, Virgil said, “Don’t you look fancy.”

This time, Clint didn’t even start. He had nearly gotten used to Virgil suddenly materializing behind him.

He turned. The boy had his dark cloak wrapped tightly around himself, and he smirked out from under his drawn hood. 

“Hey,” Clint said, surprised by his own calm. “Are you allowed to tell me where Atlas’s crew is?”

“Straight to the point. I like it.” Virgil plunked down on the edge of the bed. “I can tell you they’re not here.”

Clint nearly answered *well, thanks, dickhead, I knew that.* Instead, he took a breath and said, “Can you tell me how we’re supposed to kill a dragon? If it comes down to it?”

“I’m not here to give you hints. I’m here to warn you.” Virgil smoothed the edge of his cloak and narrowed his eyes at Clint. “Someone in this house doesn’t believe you are who you say you are. You need to be *very* careful who you trust here.”

That made Clint bite his lip, hard. He said, “Well, that’s good information to have.” He turned to his backpack to pull out the map. The count now said that there were twenty-four players on their level. He added, “So if you had to hypothetically give me a time frame to work in to try to get to this Lonely Mountain before anyone else hypothetically shows up...”

That made Virgil bark a laugh. “If I had to guess… you’ve got maybe six hours.” And then he leapt to his feet and clapped his hands together. “Now! No more pressuring hints out of me. I don’t like getting in trouble for you.”

Before Clint could say thank you, the boy was gone. 
***
 || 
***
I THINK I finally settled on the covers that I want for this book. I posted them on today's Patreon post, so if you're a patron you get a sneak peek and the chance to share your thoughts on how they look so far. ;) I'm going to post them here too once I'm done tinkering. 

I've fairly firmly decided that this is going to be a two-book series, mostly because it's WAY too long to be one book. Part 60 is going to put us over the 100,000-word mark! The draft is at just over 98k right now. Stupid exciting.

Anyway. Thank you guys for making the past two months so full of words and delight for me. x)
***

Daphne spun a story so believable that Clint wondered if she had spent the whole ride up turning the problem over and over in her mind, looking for solutions. Perhaps her silences were more thoughtful than anxious. And meanwhile he sat beside her, feeling faintly stupid, trying to remember what word just slipped off the tip of his tongue. The game should have made him heal faster, and it did, he supposed. His sister had gotten a concussion once from smacking the back of her head into some kid’s counter when she got drunk at a party in high school. She had been barely able to get out of bed by the third day (not that it mattered much, since their father grounded her for approximately the rest of her life after that). 

“They’ve been following us since we were caught raiding the king’s stores at the docks by the Tenebrous Sea. That was eight weeks ago, and they’ve followed us through every valley and gully and mountain in the Seven fucking Cities.” She tipped her tea back, then held the empty cup clenched between her fists, glaring down into it. “They’re blood-hungry bastards, and they serve a greedy king.”

The riders sat rapt, listening as Daphne explained how Atlas’s gang had ambushed them at some place called the Black Keep, how they had nearly garroted her until Clint ran the man through with his sword.

Clint tried not to look too surprised that he was suddenly involved in the plotline. He just gave a reasonable nod. Then, he murmured something about the smoke clouding the cave ceiling. Claimed it was hurting his head. No one gave him as much as a second glance when he stood up and wobbled his way outside.

When he stepped outside, his instincts nearly made him hurl his body backwards, back into the relative safety of the darkness, because the moment he turned the corner, there sat Sige’s dragon, curled up on a rock outcropping like a lazy cat. It inclined its head toward him for only a millisecond, as if it wanted him to know it saw him and it did not care. The snow melted around the distinct heat of her body, lapping down in rivulets of water around the rock. But the air was so cold that the water refroze as it fell, lacing the edge of the boulder in toothy icicles. 

Clint bit his lip hard and made himself keep walking forward. Told himself that if the dragon wanted to kill him, he’d already be in the bastard’s belly.

He stood in the open air outside the cave, his skull aching faintly, staring down at the snow-clad world spread below him. He held his cloak wrapped tightly around him and looked and looked, trying to imagine he could see people moving down on the narrow ribbon of the road like little beetles. But the road was empty. From here, he could see their horses still anchored to the tree, still and patient. He wondered if they just… turned off when he wasn’t looking at them, or if they too were some sort of active alive spirit, trapped in the game just as much as he was.

The cool air woke him, made him remember himself, the stakes. The eternal press of time. Atlas would be to Atyn by now, surely. He listened for the faraway rattle of gunfire and heard nothing but the shrill call of a raven, somewhere in the trees below.

Malina shuffled out of the cave and stood next to him, staring down from the summit like she was looking at a tiger in a cage. She glanced sideways at Clint. “Daphne’s a goddamn genius.”

“Yeah.” He smiled at her. “I knew that already.”

“They’re going to have a search party look out for Atlas’s gang. Then they’ll probably, I don’t know.” Malina stooped to compact a snowball, then hurled it. Watched it sail off toward white oblivion. Clint wasn’t sure why she did it, but he couldn’t deny that it was strangely satisfying. “Turn those motherfuckers into barbecue.”

“I like the sound of that.”

“What are you doing out here?”

“Trying to see if they caught us yet.” Clint glanced back toward the cave. “You don’t think she’d want to stay here, do you?”

“What? *Daphne?*”

“She just seems to fit in so well.” And another dark truth hovered on the edge of Clint’s tongue: who could say they would all survive the levels to come?

“Yeah, the girl who’s scared to fucking death of fire is going to stay here and ride dragons for the rest of her sad little afterlife.” Malina scoffed at him. She surveyed the road below them. Then, echoing what Clint was too scared to admit aloud, she said, “He has to be to the town by now, you know.”

“Oh, I do.”

Malina latched her thumb into the strap of her assault rifle. She carried both her rifle and her shotgun, one on either shoulder. “At least we’ll hear it, if they start killing anybody.”

Clint looked over at the dragon, stunned that he could forget an animal the size of a house sat behind them, even if only for a few seconds. It tilted its head away just as his turned toward it. He murmured, “Do you think it’s listening to us?”

“Oh, don’t start with that horror movie shit.” Malina shivered hard and turned back toward the cave just as Daphne and Florence emerged from it, followed by Sige, his sister Leada. They both had the same hatchet-like profile, the same hard line to their shoulders. Clint would not have been surprised if they were twins.

Daphne looked *confident*. She had a proud, infectious smile, and Clint couldn’t help his own grin at the sight of her.

“I’m staying here,” the girl blurted out. When Clint’s smile faltered into confusion, she added quickly, “Leada is going to teach me how to ride her dragon.”

Malina’s brows arched up in a distinct *hell no* expression. Clint wondered if that was a look she had once given her own son when he proposed something dangerous and/or stupid. “Is that really the wisest idea?” she managed, just barely keeping the sharpness out of her tone. 

“I had similar reservations,” Florence said.

“Leada’s boy is an old sweetie. Like a bear cub. He’ll play with anybody.” Sige slapped Clint’s shoulder and laughed like he would appreciate that comparison. “You all have nothing to worry about.”

“*Why* are you doing that?” Clint said, entirely to Daphne.

She pouted out her lower lip. “Because I was born in these mountains, Clint, before I was taken away by the wandering merchant who adopted me after the king slew my parents. I shouldn’t have to constantly reexplain my life story to you.”

Florence hid her smile behind her fist.

“Our people are born to work alongside the dragons,” Leada said. “It is not right that one of our own is robbed of the chance.”

Clint wanted to get Daphne alone, ask her how the hell she knew all those details and place names, even though he could guess what her answer would be: *I read a book Clint. You should try it sometime.* But she looked so bright and starry-eyed, and he couldn’t be the reason she missed this chance.

“We’re going to scout for the king’s men,” Daphne said, “while you three return to the viceroy’s quarters and convince him that all is well.”

“Except that we managed to lose you between here and there,” Malina muttered, her displeasure written in the furrow of her brow.

“I’m not lost. I’m returning a message to the king that we need reinforcements in Atyn, because the dragon situation is becoming out of control.” She traded a smirk with Leada. “And we’ll siege the town when the moment is right.”

Clint reached up to run his hands through his hair, nervously. He looked at Malina and Florence and realized they were thinking the same thing: nothing they could say would convince Daphne to get off this mountain with them. The idea of splitting their little group made Clint’s stomach come alive with fear. If something happened to Daphne up here, if they walked away and she died, he knew he would never be able to forgive himself.

He drew her into a tight hug and murmured into her ear, “I know you’re smart, but you’d better be goddamn careful.”

She nodded a couple of times and whispered back, “Don’t worry about me.”

“I can’t help it.”

Malina squeezed Daphne in a brief hug, and Florence only clapped her back and offered her the extra assault rifle. “Here,” she said. “Clint’s probably a useless shot right now, anyway.”

Clint wanted to take offense at that, but every time he tried to stare hard into the distance the world went shimmery and wobbly, like a bad projector. He just shrugged and grinned.

Sige gave the rifle a fascinated look, but he did not ask any questions. He just chirped, “Hey, Kali!” and gave a little whistle.

The dragon rose and stretched its long back. Shook the delicate little shards of ice from its wings and launched itself off the rock. It hovered down low to the ground, kicking up whirlwinds of snow, like a helicopter. When it landed, the whole mountain seemed to tremble for a moment.

Sige slapped the dragon’s side affectionately and crowed, “Who wants to ride down first?”

***

Clint, Malina, and Florence rode into town, uncertain what was waiting for them. By the time they reached the main road back to Atyn, the sky was already darkening to a bruised plum. The stars came out like the eyes of little creatures, watching them from every corner of heaven. Clint carried Malina’s shotgun, half because walking around without a gun made him feel nearly naked, and half because Florence was right. He would be more of a danger than a help if he tried to defend anyone with a rifle now. 

They had had to leave Daphne’s horse out there on the trail. He’d untied its reins, sawed open his water skin with a knife with a bone handle that Virgil had given him, and held it open so that the horse could drink its fill. And then, because their story wouldn’t make sense with a fourth horse skittering along behind him, they abandoned it there. 

What ifs kept chasing each other around Clint’s mind. If the horse returned riderless, would Erwulf think Daphne had met her untimely end, or would he realize they were lying after all? Would there even be enough time for any of it to matter?

Hunger coiled in his belly again, terrible and toothed and undeniable.

Florence said, “Who the hell is that?”

Clint snapped his attention back to the road ahead of them. And then he saw it too.

Another rider, coming up the path toward him, on a bone horse. The flesh hung in grey ribbons from the horse’s skeleton, and its eyes glowed a deep red, like a pair of strange lights, hovering there in the gathering dark. The figure astride it wore a moon-silver cloak, the shadow of its cowl so deep the face was indistinguishable.

Clint pulled the shotgun off his shoulder and held it one-armed, slowing his horse with the other. 

But the pale rider only chuckled at him, and the voice that came out of it was chilling and unmistakable.

Death said, “I’m pleased to see you’ve made it this far.”
***
 |New here? Here's .
***
 | 

Part 57 will be on Patreon later today! It's taken more time to get right than I expected, sorry ;( 

***

For a few minutes, Clint let himself entertain the possibility that Daphne was dead. That this was all an overly elaborate trap by a sadistic side character, existing as a weird way for Death to punish them for the danger of trust.

But then, ten minutes later, he saw the dragon come arcing back over the top of the mountain. It cruised back into her deep impression in the snow, landing so hard that the rider lurched forward heavily in his saddle. He would have pitched over her neck and toppled into the snow if it wasn’t for the belt grounding him firmly into place.

This time, Sige didn’t dismount. He just grinned down at them, the sun shining behind him like a halo, and asked, “Right, then. Who’s next?”

Clint winced up at him and held his hand up. Half because Florence and Malina both stared up at the dragon like they couldn’t quite accept it existed. Malina looked like she half-wanted to shoot it. She tried to hide her discomfort behind the hard furrow of her brow.

The rider gestured him over. “She won’t bite unless I tell her.” He followed this by a wink that didn’t help Clint’s unease.

Step by step, he drew up closer to the dragon. He could hear the wind buffet its wings like they were heavy canvas sails. Every cell within him screamed at him to run, but he ignored his mortal terror and walked up to the dragon’s side. The bottom of its ribcage was level with his head.

Clint hesitated there for a few moments, just staring at the rise and fall of the dragon’s dense hide. The scales were like polished flecks of obsidian, shining back the light in shades of green and purple and blue. 

A rope tumbled down from on high. It was interspaced with thick knots, as if it was made for the very purpose of scaling the backs of dragons. Clint glanced up to see Sige holding the other end of it, smiling down at him.

“Come on, then. You’re wasting sunlight,” Sige said, cheerfully.

Clint gripped the rope and tilted his head nervously toward the dragon. It was watching him, its eyes wide and undeniably fascinated. He looked away, quickly, because the look made his stomach come alive with anxiety.

He said, “This doesn’t hurt it, does it?”

“Her. Kali’s a her.” Sige slapped the rope against the dragon’s side, whipping Clint’s cheek in the process. “See? She’s fine. If you’re not ready, let one of the girls go; they’ll show you how it works.”

Malina and Florence traded grins.

“Usually I get pissed about someone calling women girls,” Florence murmured low to Malina, “but this time, I’ll take it.”

Malina laughed like there was not a band of people armed to the teeth chasing their trail. She said, “Are you feeling dizzy again, sweetie?”

“Fuck off,” Clint said over his shoulder. He put a hand against the dragon’s coarse side and was shocked by the heat of it. Glancing down, he saw the snow about the dragon’s feet melting, welling in little pools around his boots. He gripped the rope tightly and heaved himself against it, planting his feet against the dragon’s side.

*Now* he felt his concussion. Clint chuckled humorlessly to himself as the world wobbled and veered all around him. For a moment he just stood there a foot off the ground, pressing his forehead against the wall of scales, willing his head to still.

Sige gave an upward tug on the rope. “You okay down there?”

Clint nodded, swallowing bile, cursing Florence for tackling him, Atlas for shooting at them. He lifted his head and started to fumble his way up the dragon’s back. The dragon’s shoulders sat at least ten feet off the ground, even when it hunkered herself down low to acquiesce him.

Sige whistled and said something in a short string of his strange garbled language. His words sounded like a knife glancing off stone.

Clint looked up in time to see the dragon’s head twisting toward him. Her maw was half-open, the hot steam of her breath clouding toward him. Those teeth were as big as his palm, a fine row of knives. 

He nearly shrieked and let go of the rope on instinct.

But then the dragon simply nuzzled her head under the seat of his pants and shoved him upward. Clint clutched Sige’s arm to keep himself from vaulting right over into the snow on the other side.

Sige laughed and slapped the dragon’s side, told her, “Thank you, old girl.”

Clint straightened up. Every ounce of his focus went to keeping his breakfast firmly in his stomach.

Sige reached roughly around his waist, and Clint started and leaned away, ducking toward that massive terrible thing’s neck.

“The fuck are you doing, man?” he said.

Sige shook the belt at him. The buckle clicked like it was mocking him too. “Do you want to fall to your death? I’ll let you, if that’s your choice.”

His cheeks hot, Clint took the belt and fastened it around himself. His heart thrummed inside his throat, and he gripped the belt so tightly his fingers ached. Behind him, the rider nudged the dragon’s side lightly with his foot, and the beast lifted its head, roved its eyes around, its every move calm and leonine. It straightened up to its fullest height. The dragon’s front limbs were narrow and winged, ending in three-clawed hands that gouged deeply into the snow. He couldn’t stop imagining them sinking into his torso. They were wickedly curved, like a cat’s, evolved for tearing and rending.

Not for the first time, Clint wondered how people managed to start *riding* the fucking things.

Sige wrapped one thick arm around Clint’s chest and told him, “Hold on tight.”

“I think I’ll walk, actually,” Clint started to say.

Beneath him, he could feel the dragon’s very muscles coiling, drawing tighter and tighter like springs. It was terrifying and incredible all at once.

Clint gripped one of the bony spikes protruding from the dragon’s neck as it vaulted itself up, into the air.

The wind ripped the world away. For a moment, Clint was nothing but the downward tug of the earth trying to bring him back down where he belonged. He wanted to scream, but the wind took that away from him too. Panic ran hot and blinding in his blood. Once he had been on a prop plane, a tin can with wings, with only two seats and a roof so low he felt like he was inside a coffin. And this was infinitely worse, because at least on the plane he couldn’t feel the stinging fingers of the wind raking over him.

Faintly, he heard Sige’s bellowing laughter in his ear, high and light as a bird. His delight was maddening.

And then the dragon finished its ascent and leveled out. The air stopped yanking at Clint like it wanted to tear him out of his seat. He patted Sige’s arm in breathless thanks, and the man let him go. His smirk burned into the back of Clint’s head. 

“Most people throw up their first time,” the rider said. “Or wet themselves. You should be proud.”

“So you wouldn’t mind if I threw up right now?” Clint said, debating the churning in his belly. 

Sige laughed. “Are you going to get airsick on me now?”

Clint shook his head and tried not to think about his stomach. He dared a look down.

Florence and Malina waved up at them, little antlike specks below. The world spread out below him, tiny and vast all at once. The forests and mountains quilted one another and unfurling toward a horizon full of toothy mountains. Here and there villages showed themselves, buildings freckling the perfect expanse of white.

Clint folded himself against the dragon’s neck. The scales were rough against his cheek, but reassuringly solid. He huddled there even as the dragon landed, a feeling somehow even worse than ascension had been. For a terrible second—as the dragon fell and his body rose inches from the saddle, only his belt keeping him in place—Clint floated in the open air, his mind reeling with shock. And then Sige yanked him back down, and he clung like a koala to the dragon’s neck as it plunged to the ground. 

The moment his feet hit the ground, Clint fell to his knees and promptly vomited.

Above him, Sige clapped and whooped. “I knew you’d do it,” he said, strangely triumphant. “We have a bet going.”

“A bet,” Clint repeated, bitterly. And then the other word set in: *we*. He lifted his head to see that they sat before the open mouth of a cave that sloped down into the belly of the mountain. The opening was massive, the walls rough and gouged, as if they had been carved out by some massive hand, long ago. The warm light of fire glowed from within. If not for the flicker of the fire, it would have looked abandoned.

He said, “How many people are here?”

The rider only smiled and said, “Oh, you’ll see.”
***
 |New here? Here's .
***
 | 
***
Erwulf turned out to be right. Halfway up the slope, when the ground began to climb so steeply upward that the trees grew with a slight bend at the trunk to compensate for the sharp angle of the mountainside. They had to leave the horses there on the road, their reins sashed to the fat lower arms of a massive pine.

Daphne looked at the horses and sighed through her teeth. “God, I hope we don’t die or something and leave these guys stuck here.”

“They’re not *real* horses,” Malina reminded her, wearily.

Clint patted his horse’s neck absently, and it gave an appreciative snort that clouded the air. He wanted to murmur back *They’re real enough*, but then he would have to explain how he felt worse for the horses than the humans in this insane game. And that was a strange conflict even he couldn’t quite justify.

But regardless they left the horses there and continued on foot. The viceroy had welcomed them to leave their belongings in his home, but none of them would risk it. If Atlas’s men showed up and annihilated the villagers, they did not want their hard-won inventory left among the spoils of war.

So they went onward with heavy backpacks through the knee-deep snow, sinking in with every step. The viceroy had been kind enough to give them all better boots—admittedly with a doubtful look when he asked, “You went this far north without proper boots?” and Clint had tried not to show his panic when the logic of their story sprang more and more leaks. But now his feet were warm at least, wrapped in two thick layers of elk hide wound around coarse bear fur. Malina and Florence had stolen him a pair of fine furred gloves, and it felt strange to be so comfortably warm. Or at least to no longer feel like his extremities were gradually freezing.

They stomped up the side of the mountain with their assault rifles and bristling backpacks. Clint felt nearly normal again. His inner compass was still wobbly, and it showed in the wandering lilt of his steps. Words slipped away from him when he reached for them, and every once in a while he glanced up at the sun and had a few moments of total blankness as his mind spun desperately, trying to remember just what the hell they were doing out here, before it all rushed back to him once again like a sudden tide.

For hours they went upward. The Lonely Mountain had a dense tree covering, so Clint did not feel as exposed as they could have. But as the hours ticked by and the sun ascended higher in the cobalt sky, he could not stop thinking about how much closer Atlas and his gang became with every passing second.

Daphne saw it first. They stood in a break in the trees, where the forest grew sparser the closer they came to the summit. Clint doubled over to clutch his knees and pant. He supposed he should be grateful, that the game was helping him heal so much faster than he could have in the real world. But the ache in his head was persistent and hammerlike, and even though he chugged down half of his water skin in one gulp, it did not seem to help. 

“Next time we see Virgil,” Clint muttered, “someone ask him why the fuck we need to eat and drink all the goddamn sudden.”

“Maybe we’re getting closer to being alive again.” Florence gave a half-hearted shrug.

But before Clint could argue the logic of that, Daphne pointed toward the sky and shrieked, “Look! Up there!”

Clint snapped his head up. There in the eaves of the sky was a dark speck so high up that Clint nearly missed it. But it was circling and sinking, and the closer it got he could see the beast: its great wings fanned out like a bird, its head tucked down low. The dragon dropped out of the sky toward them. 

Panic sloshed in Clint’s belly. Every sinew and instinct within him screamed at him to run run run but he made his feet stay rooted to the spot and just watched in unmasked horror. 

The dragon slammed into the ground in front of them, rocking the earth so intensely that the few trees still around them shivered and sent the snow from their branches scattering. The man from the night before sat atop it. The saddle was a narrow strip of leather that looped about the dragon’s thick neck and just under its ribs. When they landed, the rider wrestled with the leather cinched about his waist, and Clint realized it was a belt. His stomach flipped at the idea of slipping off that dragon’s back from the highest point of the sky and falling forever, knowing only darkness awaited him at the bottom.

He blinked hard and shook his head to chase those thoughts away.

The rider patted the dragon’s side affectionately, and the beast stooped its great neck toward the earth to let him slip off. Even with the dragon inclining itself downward, the man still had to slide down seven or eight feet of scaled hide to reach the ground. He hit the snow on two feet and kept his balance easily, as if he’d been dismounting dragons since the day he was born. 

The rider did not bother with a mask this time. His face was a hardened scowl, his look distrustful.

Florence matched the expression. “What’s *that* look for?” she demanded.

“I saw you leave the viceroy’s quarters this morning. I saw you ride up on his horses.”

“Your dragon burned down the only inn in town,” Malina snapped, which was close enough to true now.

Daphne held up her hands, like she was trying to calm a pair of spooked horses. “We needed food and supplies,” she said. “And we convinced the viceroy we’d come to help with their dragon problem. Now we will know what he knows, and we can use it to help your cause against the king.”

Her face was perfectly placid, her bluff pristine. For half a second, even Clint believed she knew what she was talking about. 

It was enough to convince the rider, at least. A wide grin split his face—well, half a grin. The scarred half of his lip did not move to match its unbroken twin. He clapped his gloved hands together and said, “I’ll admit that despite my doubts, I’m pleasantly surprised to see you’ve all returned.”

The dragon watched them all with a fierce knowing. Its eyes peeled from one to the next, as if measuring them up. Clint had never felt appraised by a creature large enough to crush a house; it was humbling and terrifying all at once.

Malina narrowed her eyes at him. “We have little other options out this far,” she said, her voice drawn and bitter.

To Clint’s perfect surprise, the man laughed. “There are friends to our cause, even out in these lands. I will take you to meet them.” The rider looked them over and frowned. “I think it would be safer for us to go one at a time, however.” He pointed up toward the ridge, where the top of the mountain pressed up toward the sky. The summit seemed so close and so impossibly far away. “The cave is on the other side of the mountain.”

“Cave?” Clint repeated.

“Yes. The truth of the king’s tyranny lies up there, with the people he’s done his best to kill. Myself included.” And then the rider paused and looked between the four of them in surprise. “I believe we’ve neglected to introduce ourselves properly to each other.”

They went around their circle, trading names. The man introduced himself as Sige, son of Arthund, a name that fell from his tongue with an inarguable weight, as if it should mean something to them.

The rider gestured backwards toward the beast standing just behind him, whose eyes were pinned upward on the hawks circling overhead. The dragon’s stare had the anticipation of a cat who’s just caught sight of a bird who made the mistake of coming into its backyard. 

“And this,” Sige said, “is my little darling Kali.”

“Little,” Florence repeated under her breath, scoffing.

“She is the smallest of our dragons. We’ve worked together for a decade. Raised her up from an egglet myself.” He gave the dragon’s massive chest a loving slap. And he tilted his head back and said something else to the dragon in a language Clint couldn’t understand, but the secrets traded in their words made anxiety fill him in a slow constant drip. 

Daphne’s jaw came unhinged. Her eyes were bright with fascination. “There are more?”

“Of course.” Sige offered another wilting smile and extended his hand to Daphne. “Would you like to be the first to go up?”

“Oh my god, yes.”

Clint stifled the urge to reach out and stop her. He just stared, petrified, as Sige put his hands on her waist and boosted her up high enough for her to scrabble the rest of the way up the dragon’s side. 

“You want us to fly to where you’re going,” Malina said, dubiously.

“Well, you are certainly allowed to walk. It may take you…” The man wavered his hand, estimating. “Eight or so hours, but you are welcome to try it.”

“I guess I’ll ride the flying death machine,” she muttered.

Florence cackled with a strange delight. The absurdity and the cold made Clint want to laugh too, despite himself, despite everything.

Sige clambered up the dragon’s side and settled into the saddle. He urged Daphne to sit just in front of him and banded the belt around her waist.

The dragon shifted and gave a low grumble that was nearly plaintive. 

Sige rubbed her shoulder and chided her in that strange language again. And then he barked a single word, barbed and sharpened and full of power.

And the dragon took off into the unbroken blue sky.
***

 || 
***
Death chuckled at the three of them immediately whipping out their guns and held up a hand. It was thickly clad in armored gloves, and Clint wondered if he was wearing more of the same under that cloak. 

Their horses seemed nervous. Clint’s was side stepping and taking nervous steps backwards, like it wanted to bolt. He clucked his tongue at it, he hoped reassuringly. 

For once, Malina did not demand what the hell Death wanted or where the fuck he’d been the past three levels. She just sat there, face twisted in distrust and shock, just staring. 

Florence was the first to speak. She looked surprisingly calm, as if she had expected this. She said, “And here I thought you’d forgotten about all of us.”

“Oh, you’re too much fun to forget about.” Death nudged his bone horse forward, and it shuddered onward. The sweet smell of rot flooded Clint’s nose as Death came closer.

Clint understood what made his horse so nervous. He wanted to run too. Part of him prayed Leada and Daphne would come winging down right then in a hail of fire.

But the sky was empty. The night was silent. And Death was smiling.

He said, “You don’t need to be afraid. I’ve only come to give you fair warning.”

Malina gripped her rifle tightly, like she was still half-considering using it on him. “What do you mean fair warning?”

“If you all are fortunate enough to survive this world—” Death’s smile sharpened, twisted like a knife in the gut “—you will need to appropriately arm yourselves for the next.”

Clint wanted to demand answers, but his voice was like a thick cork stuck sideways in his throat. So he just sat gaping, trying to remember how many shotgun shells he had, what kinds of weapons he had seen in the shops, in the viceroy’s home.

“What makes it so different?” Florence’s smirk was easy and uncaring.

“I’m glad you asked, my dear.”

“I’m not your dear.” 

To Clint’s surprise, that made Death laugh. “I’ve always liked your spirit in particular,” the lord of hell said.  He slipped off his hood and appraised them all one by one. “In the next round, you must build a five-person team in order to compete in the tournament.”

“Oh, I hate this already,” Malina muttered under her breath.

Death’s pale eyes locked onto her. “There will be no weapons provided for you. Whatever inventory you arrive with is the inventory you must use to slaughter your opponents.”

“How many teams get to win?” Clint ventured. Now Death was close enough that Clint could see the dry sinews holding his wraith-horse together. He couldn’t stop staring, his belly turning over and over, sickly.

Death leaned toward him. He looked so nearly human, until Clint looked closely and saw the sickly pallor of his skin, the way his eyes gleamed like infinite silver pools. A sickle-shaped knife sat at his side in a dark sheath, and for the first time Clint wondered what would happen if they did attack Death. If he came prepared for such eventualities.

“I’ll be generous,” he allowed. “I’ll allow the top two teams to move through.”

Clint bit his lip hard.

Malina said, “Why are you doing all this to us?”

Death’s eyes widened in offense. “You act as if I’m torturing you.”

“No, you’re only imprisoning us in a game where every fucking choice is life or death.” Malina flicked her reins, and her horse did not move. It would not move, it seemed, not past the dark force that stood on the road before them.

The game master scoffed. “Yes, how terribly cruel of me to give you another chance at life.” He nudged his horse closer, making Malina’s shy backwards nervously. He inclined his head toward Malina in mock sympathy. Death had no breath, or if he did it was as cold and invisible as the air itself. “If you like, I could let you just die.”

Malina scowled at the ground.

“Is that a yes?”

“That’s a firm fucking *no*.”

“Oh, I think you can be more polite.” Death rested a hand on the blade at his side, his smile serene. 

Clint couldn’t stop imagining raising his shotgun and blowing off the back of Death’s skull, over and over again. His finger hovered over the trigger, but he couldn’t bring himself to try it. Didn’t want to know the punishment for trying to kill Death in this game.

“No, thank you,” Malina said to her teeth.

Death passed him a knowing smile, as if he could read Clint’s very thoughts. As if he knew as well as Clint that as long as Death had their loved ones, they would play along with any silly sadistic game the lord of hell threw at him.

Then Death turned his horse away from them all and said, “I have the fullest confidence that you’ll all put on a good show for me.”

Before any of them could say anything, the wind whipped a wall of ice crystals up between them, so thick that for a moment, Death and his silver cloak disappeared inside of it. And when the wind stilled, Death was gone, just as quickly as he came.

Malina stared at her broken wristwatch. “Well,” she said, her voice small and dry, “I guess we need to find a fifth person.”

“Maybe Daphne could bring a dragon along,” Florence muttered.

Laughter was cool and cathartic, like a splash of water on a hot day. The sudden relief was so bewildering that Clint didn’t know if wanted to laugh or cry.

They had no choice but to keep moving forward, into the night. Toward food and warmth and Atlas’s men, waiting somewhere in the darkness, circling like wolves. 

***

Atyn was still and sleepy when they finally trotted into town. They went slowly, guns in hand. All three of them bowed low over their horses, hiding their fragile skulls in the horses’ necks. But no gunshots broke the crystalline silence, as thick and untouched as fresh-fallen snow.

The viceroy’s home gleamed on the hill above all the others, huge and grand and welcoming as a beacon.

They ascended the hill, Malina and Florence murmuring plans. Getting the story straight. Daphne had rode off to fetch more help from King Eimrar. She would be back with reinforcements to help face the dragon riders. If her horse happened to return, some dark misfortune must have befallen her on the road.

“Remember,” Florence said, turning to give Clint a sharp look, “you don’t talk.”

“Right! Daphne said there was a witch or something.”

“She just said that to scare some kid. It doesn’t matter.” Malina’s voice was as hard-edged as her scowl. “The point is, don’t fuck this up by opening your mouth.”

Clint wanted to argue back, but they were only a few hundred feet from the viceroy’s estate. There was a stable boy running out to meet them, a thick blanket wrapped around his shoulders.

“Your friend made it,” he told them all, breathlessly. 

“Our friend?” Florence repeated, the picture of calm confusion. 

“He said he was separated from you, on the journey. He had to make another errand in Brightbird.” The boy took the horse’s reins as Florence dismounted.

She stormed into the house, not even looking to confirm that Malina and Clint were following. She held her rifle in one hand when she pushed open the door and boomed into the house, “I hear our companion has finally found us again.”

A servant girl pointed meekly toward the sitting room, where a trio armchairs had been hauled in front of the fireplace. The viceroy and his most trusted servant Eram sat beside a third man, a perfect stranger. He was narrow and spry, dark-haired, dark-eyed, and when the stranger turned to see them, he smiled like a hungry fox.

“Florence, you old bird,” he cooed. “It’s been too long.”

Florence’s smile strained. “Hello, Atlas.”
***
 |***
Hello! I'm alive and still writing this <3 Thanks for being patient. Still dealing with crippling daily pain. Fortunately, I didn't fully herniate my disc, though I did worsen the preexisting compression and will need physical therapy. I'm doing my best to take it easy and give myself time to heal. Thank you for giving me all the love and support to do that. I really treasure you guys


***
I stepped in front of Izzy without quite realizing it. Even though there wasn’t much I could do like this, mostly-drunk and too exhausted to scoop any more power from the empty well in my chest.

The cornstalks behind us quivered as someone moved through them. Someone dark-clothed, little more than a shape in the gloom.

Izzy’s fingers dug into my forearm. She called out into the dark, “What are you doing here?”

I glanced between Izzy and the outer dark. Somehow, she sounded as if she recognized whoever was out there. 

“Your powers are back?” I asked, trying to keep the disbelief out of my voice.

But Izzy didn’t answer me. She just kept staring and staring out into the dark.

A pair of tiny lights shone back at me. Someone’s eyes, tracing our every movement. Whoever was hiding there in the dark emerged, cornstalks crunching and popping under them.

I half expected Leo or my brother to step out. My breath caught in surprise when Sherman stepped out, pulling cornsilk out of her hair.

“Hell of a place for a romantic walk, don’t you think?”

I just blinked at her. I tried to put on a genuine smile, to lighten the mood. I nudged Izzy’s elbow. “Is that how we look?”

But Izzy wasn’t smiling. She held Sherman’s stare with an intensity that I couldn’t quite place. Her eyes burned with something like spite, dread. I had never seen her look at someone like that before.

If Sherman noticed, she didn’t acknowledge it. She kept her hands lazily in her hoodie pocket and surveyed the field around us. “Were you looking for the exit?”

So many ways for me to take that. In some way, of course I was. The exit out of all of this. I guessed that was why Izzy came out with me too.

“The exit for the emergency tunnel,” Sherman clarified, when we both just stared at her, cow eyed.

Izzy nodded. That ember of distrust still burned in her eye. “You caught us,” she said through her teeth.

“I always do.” Sherman held Izzy’s stare for a long second before she gestured toward the field behind us. “I’ll show you. If I haven’t completely fucked my sense of direction, it should be somewhere around here…”

She trailed off, stomping past us.

Izzy and I looked at each other. I could see in her cranky, scrunched up face the last thing she wanted to do was follow Sherman into the dark.

“You can go back,” I murmured, “if you want.”

“Why would you want me to do that?”

“I don’t.” My brow furrowed. I wasn’t used to Izzy acting like this. She seemed defensive, almost. “You just seemed a little uncomfortable with her.”

A tiny web of silence spun itself between us. I couldn’t stop imagining Sherman, hovering just outside of our vision, listening for who knew how long. Maybe even now, she was listening.

“Imagine why I wouldn’t like the person keeping us captive here.” 

Sherman poked her head out from behind the cornstalks. “Well, are you coming or not?”

Izzy held my stare, her eyes going wet. Before I could say anything, she turned and followed after Sherman.

So many questions tumbled through my mind. Izzy was acting so much unlike herself. But then again, maybe she was standing there thinking the same thing about me.

I traipsed after them. My shoes were full of gravel and bits of leaf and cornsilk. But there was no slowing down to shake them out. Even if I did, the field would refill them in just a few steps.

Sherman spoke over her shoulder to us, “it is good for you to know where this is, really. Both of you. I’ll be showing your brother later as well. Truthfully” — she paused, turned to survey us, hurrying to catch up with her — “I had planned to show you in the daylight, but a little birdie told me you were wandering the fields.”

“It seems your little birdies tell you lots of things,” Izzy muttered.

“Oh, you know very well no rumor escapes me.”

The threat in that sank heavy into the ground between us. I felt a little too tipsy for all of this. As if a thousand coded messages kept arcing straight over my head.

Sherman put on another easy, lazy smile. She dipped her head back over her shoulder. “We’re almost there. You were much closer than you think.”

Izzy gripped my hand as we trailed after her, deeper into the field. I could feel the thrumming pulse of her nervousness in her fingers.

Sherman pulled back the curtain of cornstalks ahead of us to reveal a flattened circle, where the stalks had been hewn down. In the center of the circle was a flat panel of boards, nailed together in a rectangle. It looked as if they had pried apart pallet boards and reused the wood. Stamps and random flecks of color spotted the wood.

She gestured at it and bowed, sarcastically. “Here you are, kids. Your grand exit if the FBI show up. Of course, we’ve done everything we can to avoid that. But it’s a nonzero chance. And you’ll have to run like your life depends on it.”

She spoke casually, as if suggesting how to dress for the weather.

I scanned the dark sky, the infinite rows of corn. It was just as good a place to get lost as it was to ambush someone. Sherman had already proved that to us well enough.

Sherman squatted down and lifted up the edge of the cover. A narrow tunnel, ringed in a huge drainage pipe that led down into the unlit bunker below. “You just lift this cover up. See?”

Izzy watched Sherman’s every move, her back rigid line of discomfort. Her fingers dug into the back of my palm.

“They’ve never found this place before, have they?” I asked. I couldn’t keep the distrust out of my voice.

“Do you think I would bring you here if they had?” Sherman nearly looked offended at the suggestion. She let the cover drop with a loud clap. She stayed there, rocking back on her heels, smirking up at me. “But it wouldn’t be the first or the last time they tried to bust us. It never hurts to be prepared.”

Not for the first time, Izzy’s plan had morbid appeal. There was another advantage to just leaving: there was no sitting around in the middle of nowhere, waiting for the wolves to inevitably show up at their door.

Sherman sprung up to her feet like a cat. She stuck her hands back in her oversized hoodie pocket. I wondered if she was holding onto that gun.

“You two should really get some sleep,” Sherman said, as she circled past us. She paused just of my shoulder, meeting my stare in the corner of her eye. “You and I have a lot to discuss tomorrow. A lot of uncharted ground to cover.” She punched my arm and winked. “Drink water. Sleep well.”

Izzy said, “On what, exactly?”

Sherman raised her brows, as if surprised Izzy had spoken. “Only avoiding an ancient prophecy that predicts the end of the world. Is that quite acceptable to you?”

Indignation sprang red in Izzy’s cheeks. She bit hard at her lip.

Sherman flicked her stare over Izzy dismissively before she turned to leave.

“She has a right to know too, you know,” I said.

The gang boss looked over her shoulder at me. Her smile was full of poison. “Then tomorrow, you can go ahead and tell her all about it.” She inclined her head back the way we had all come, back toward the farmhouse. “I’m heading back before those boys turn it into a drunk shit show. You two enjoy your privacy, while you’ve got it. You’ll find there are no secrets around here.”

And then, as suddenly as she had shown up, Sherman slipped noiselessly through the cornstalks.

“I hate that bitch,” Izzy growled under her breath.

I blinked hard, trying to make the time line make sense in my head. Izzy couldn’t have met Sherman already, could she have? But the way they talked to each other…

Another sinister thought occurred to me: when Sherman had come crashing and crackling through the field, she was making noise on purpose, drawing our attention to her. But there was no guessing how long she had stood there, silent and listening.

“Could you hear her coming at all?” I asked, uncertainly.

“The way you can sort of hear a bad radio signal. But it’s mostly static.”

I nodded. I was too drunk for all this. I couldn’t tell where my inattention stopped and the impossible started. But I knew Izzy. I knew she would never lie to me. We were open books to each other, had always been — although I had less of a choice than her in the matter.

And she was still holding my hand. Still letting me feel the butterfly beat of her pulse.

Izzy leaned up to whisper against my ear, “Everything she says is a lie. That’s all I can tell you.”

She smelled a little bit like fear and sweat, but mostly like laundry detergent and coconut conditioner. I squeezed her into a hug before I could think better of it.

Izzy held me back. She tucked her head under my chin and murmured against my chest, “My offer still stands, you know.”

I laughed. “Give me a minute, I’ll make us a getaway car out of corn and those boards right there.” I dipped my head toward the tunnel exit.

I expected Izzy to pull away like she always did, but she leaned into me. Twisted the fabric of my shirt around her fingers. “Eli…” Her fingers traced an anxious circle into my back. “Let’s not go back. Not right now.”

Something deep in my chest slipped and softened. I pressed my mouth to the top of her head. Even ten minutes ago, I would have been fighting the urge to kiss her. But something within me gave me pause. A hesitation I couldn’t explain. I kept telling myself that I could trust her. I had no reason not to.

And yet… I pushed it away. It was late, and I was drunk and adrenaline-tired. There were so many better explanations.

“Okay,” I whispered. “We can stay just like this.”

“Just for a little while.”

I smiled against her hair. “Just a bit.”

We stayed there until the cold chased us back to the house.
***| 
***
Adrenaline threw Clint’s mind into focus. He looked from the corpse in the doorway to Malina standing over it, to Florence bolting for the open door of the sitting room. And then he understood why: this room was a dead end. If they were all caught in here, they’d be helpless as drowned rats. Clint nodded back at Boots and said, “I’ll guard him.”

Malina hesitated there. Looked like she wanted to argue. But there was no time. She and Florence bounded down the hall.

“You run,” the bleeding man murmured, his voice watery and wandering. “I will be fine.”

“I’m not leaving you here, Boots.” Clint helped him stand up from his chair and helped him settle against the same wall as the fireplace, so that anyone who came looking would have to stick their head inside to look around—and he could, hypothetically, obliterate them.

He and Boots crouched down there beside each other against the cold stone wall. Clint sat between Boots and the wall and tried not to think about another bullet rending through his flesh. He held Malina’s shotgun tightly in both hands and checked it once, twice, to make sure that both shells were loaded. He threw his backpack onto the floor in front of him and scrounged all the spare shells he could out of the front pouch. Jammed them into the pocket of his breeches. 

Then Clint crouched there, silent, waiting. Shotgun balanced on his knee. But even as he focused and tried to hold the gun steady, he could feel the aftermath of the concussion rattling his brain. When he trained his stare on one spot—the black open maw of the doorway—the room seemed to ebb and dip gently all around him. He didn’t realize his shotgun was wavering too until Boots whispered to him, “Are you okay?”

And Clint just waved him off, pressed a stern finger to his lips.

The front door hinged open. Clint kept the muzzle of the gun trained more or less where he guessed a head might appear.

The people moving down the hall walked slowly, their steps velveted, like they were trying not to be heard. A buzzing murmuring rose up from them when they stepped over Erwulf’s corpse. Clint tried to guess at the number of people out there, but he couldn’t pluck the whispers apart well enough to begin to estimate. 

Someone out there hissed, “Separate. Keep silent. Find them.”

Clint swallowed the thick bulge of terror in his throat. Hoped that Malina and Florence had found somewhere to hole themselves up. He cursed himself a dozen times over for not finding a different spot for himself and Boots, but he knew there was no time to heave Boots limping down the hall. They would have been caught out the moment they tried.

Someone grabbed his gun. The movement snapped Clint out of his thoughts so violently that he nearly turned the gun on whoever was trying to hold it. But he looked over and saw Boots there, nodding at Clint’s hands. 

“You keep shaking.” His whisper was soft enough to hide itself inside the crackle of the fire. “Let me.”

Clint nearly argued. But then the footsteps neared their door, and Boots simply wrenched the shotgun away from him without waiting for an answer. An indignant *hey* nearly burst out of Clint, but he pressed his fist over his mouth and shrunk backwards as Boots leaned over him and dug his elbow into Clint’s ribs for support. Inclining forward made Boots wince, but at the very least blood didn’t seem to seep his bandage. 

For half a second, someone appeared in the doorway. A woman holding a short-barreled rifle peered from the hallway just enough to try to see if anyone was inside.

It was just enough.

Boots did not hesitate. He snapped the shotgun instantly toward her skull and pulled the trigger. The *boom* was immense. Clint clamped both palms over his ears and could hear nothing but ringing—not the telling scramble of boots toward them or away. When he looked up, the shooter’s corpse had crumpled in the doorway, her head like half a burst watermelon. 

A fist struck his leg. 

“Get more goddamn bullets,” he heard Boots say, as if from somewhere far away. It took Clint a moment to realize he was shouting. Wondered how many times he had said it before Clint noticed.

Someone laughed down the hallway, faint radio static beyond the roar of broken sound in Clint’s head. He heard Atlas’s distinctly chipper voice call, “That sounds like my old friend Boots!”

“You sound like you need to fuck off,” Boots growled back. He snapped open the shotgun, discarded the spent shell, and held out a hand without looking. When Clint slapped a new bullet into it, Boots reloaded the second chamber and clicked the gun back together in a single quick motion. 

Atlas paused and sighed, as if he was regarding his spent teammate in the doorway. “You know, I forget what an excellent shot you are.”

“Come closer and I will remind you.” Boots glared down the end of the shotgun, his whole body coiled and tensed.

Clint sat waiting, heart pounding in his throat. 

The fire roared beside them. But the hall stayed quiet. 

Finally Atlas emitted a low chuckle. His voice echoed up the hall like a phantom. “Is this the wrong time to ask you to come back to my team, bud?”

Clint’s fear was pasty in his mouth. He tried to stay calm, tried not to imagine what would happen if one of Atlas’s men rushed them. For half a second, he saw Boot’s shattered skull sitting in his lap, a wall of scarlet and brain matter covering his chest. But when he blinked Boots was still there, stiff as a rabbit that’s just realized it’s being hunted, listening. Waiting.

The army down the hall did not move.

Atlas sighed and said, “You know, I really didn’t want to waste one of these.”

Boots’s eyes locked onto Clint’s in understanding and fear. Before Clint could ask what Atlas meant, something small and dark bounced off the wall, landed only a foot or two away. Before Clint could quite register what it was, Boots picked it up and lobbed it back at the doorway.

The grenade exploded in midair. The outward force of the burst flattened Clint back against the wall. Hundreds of little teeth bit into the flesh of his forearm as he raised his arm to cover his head. Boots’s scalp was peppered little flakes of scarlet, but he did not seem to notice. He pushed himself up onto his haunches and sat crouched, as if he intended to dart up and away the second he needed to.

Smoke bloomed in the room, thick and burning. Too thick to see through. Clint wheezed, realized with a terrible intensity that if they didn’t get out of there, soon, *now*, they were both going to choke on the rotten air. 

Another shooter appeared in the doorway. This one Boots only managed to strike in the shoulder before he fell back, crying out in shock and pain. Clint threw his arm around Boots’s shoulders and helped haul him to his feet.

“We have to go,” he hissed, and Boots buried his cough in his elbow, nodding in agreement. The smoke clouded the hallway, so thickly Clint couldn’t see more than a few inches in either direction. He gripped Boots tightly, mostly to make sure that the man wouldn’t collapse. And blindly, he dove right, deeper into the belly of the house. Bullets ricocheted off the walls ahead and behind them, just missing. One of them sailed by so close Clint could hear the air zipper open and shut around it, inches from his ear.

At the end of the hall, Malina’s face peered up from the stairwell. She beckoned them to follow her. 

Clint wanted to argue that there was no point going up another floor, that they were just making themselves get cornered more slowly, but there was no time for debate. No safety in raising his voice, now of all times. They pattered up the stairs together. Boots gasped, lungs heaving as they tried to clear the smoke out. He had slung the shotgun over one shoulder to ball up his sweater and hack into it, trying to muffle the sound.

Florence waited for them at the top of the stairs. She looked fierce and panicked, her dark eyes wider than Clint had ever seen them. Beckoned them into the room closest to the stairwell. It looked like it had once been servants’ quarters. There were a trio of beds in here, three chests at their feet. The room reeked of copper, and Clint quickly saw why: there were bodies, piled in the corner, a blanket thrown over them.

Malina, Florence, and Boots barely paid them as much as glance.

“I have three grenades,” Florence hissed. “We have to trap them in the stairs.”

Boots held out a hand. “Give me one,” he said.

“No fucking way.”

He scoffed. “We both know who have better aim.”

“Not when you’re suffering from blood loss.” Florence passed one of the three off to Malina, as if to prove her point.

Boots’s face went dark, near-volcanic, but he did not argue.

Clint could barely understand them. He had to reconstruct their words out of the little ends of sounds he could make out. He rubbed hard at his ear; his palm came away bloody. He muttered, “This game is going to make me go fucking deaf.”

Malina frowned at Boots. “Why do you have Clint’s gun?”

“Because he hold it like this.” He waved the shotgun erratically at the door. “And I go, mmm, no, you will only shoot wall. So I take it.”

Clint had to stifle his laughter in his palm. Absurd, impossible humor, at a time like this. He said, “It was not nearly that bad.”

But Boots didn’t smile. He pointed at the open doorway and held a finger to his lips. 

Clint strained to hear it, whisper-soft in the darkness: the tread of boots on stone. Rising up the steps. 

Florence edged to the doorway and peered out of it, grenade in hand, arm poised. Ready to lob it down the stairwell at any moment. 

But one of Atlas’s gang shouted at the others, “Wait! Listen!”

And this time, Clint could hear it too. 

The bellowing gust of huge wings, beating. Loud as a storm, rattling the house as if it were made from matchsticks. 

The dragon riders had come at last.
***
 |Sorry for the radio silence. I keep pushing forward and making little bits of progress at a time, but never enough to post

I do plan on finishing both my serials. I haven't evaporated, I promise.

A week or two ago I almost certainly herniated a cervical disc in my neck. I'm waiting to be able to see a doctor and confirm that. But tbh, it's a pretty unprecedented level of pain for me. So it's slowed me down a good bit

I JUST figured out a good solution on Monday involving a standing desk and pacing, muttering into a microphone like Charlie on that episode of IASIP. It's honestly a bit of a silver lining, in its own way. I've never written standing up, but moving while talking really helps my little ADHD brain sort itself out more easily.

Okay that was a lot of words to say thanks for waiting for me. And being patient <3 it's really invaluable to me

Here's my design for the paperback copy of The World-Ender. I sincerely hope you guys feel it (and 9 Levels, for that matter) are worth the wait. :) I have a lot of cool ideas planned, even if I have to turtle my way to reaching them

The World-Ender book 1 front and back covers: https://i.imgur.com/JYPUZc1.png 

I love and appreciate you all <3| 
***
The viceroy gloated as they walked. He gestured at the servant boy who balanced precariously on the back of Eram’s horse, gripping the man’s middle. The boy beamed with pride when Erwulf explained, “This little one told me he heard you speak: first when you and your friends were plotting whether or not to kill us all in the night, and again when you stole my horse and took off after this damned scoundrel—” he gestured at Boots, who scowled up at him, his face pale and bloodless “—all of which has led me to the conclusion that your little cabal has come here to do harm to myself and my house.”

Clint cut a glance to the boy who had caught them. The boy stared back at him, stony-faced, scowling. He thought of Virgil’s warning, cursed himself for daring to speak in the viceroy’s home at all. He should have known there would always be someone listening. He wanted to ask about Florence and Malina, but he didn’t want to betray the fear thickening in his throat. They had to be fine; they had their guns and their gear and their guts. They’d *have* to be fine. 

A few times Clint lost his footing and fell to his knees in the snow. And every time Eram’s horse dragged him a few feet before the man noticed and slowed the horse long enough for Clint to rise again. The man would scowl over his shoulder and snap, “Keep up.”

Clint wanted to spit back curses and indignation, but he had no energy for that. He felt dizzy and spent. As if he had reached the bottom of whatever pure adrenaline had to offer. But he kept going forward, praying that he would hear the rapid *rat-tat-tat* of a rifle, proof that Malina and Florence were keeping themselves safe.

But the night stayed quiet, but for the sighing horses, the gasping gunshot man, the snow slipping off branches.

There was no one in the stable when they returned. Erwulf bellowed for the stable boy, but no one came running at the viceroy’s calls. He huffily left the horses with the small boy who had been Clint’s servant. When Eram dismounted, he did not untie Clint. Instead, he wrapped the tail of Clint’s rope thrice around his palm and made a fist around it, as if he expected Clint to try to jerk away, make a run for it.

But the bitter bleak truth of it was that there was nowhere else to run to.

Somehow, Boots managed to walk. He seemed to be moving on sheer willpower. His teeth were bloody and gritted, and he wavered uncertainly with every step, but the man kept pushing himself forward, one foot after the next. He kept glancing at Erwulf and Eram, eyes flicking over their weapons, keenly aware of the blades at their belts.

Clint’s feet were clumsy wedges of ice by the time he stumped up to the front door of the viceroy’s home. He was last in the procession. Eram led him along just behind Boots, whose hands had been tied, but he lost his balance and collapsed to his knees so many times, Eram became irate enough to yank the rope off at him and snap, “If you run I’ll slit your godsdamn throat.”

 The viceroy was the first to enter, banging open the front door triumphantly, like a soldier returned from war. He bellowed out, “Fenrir! Bring out the women. I wish to speak to our honored *guests* all together.”

The house answered only with silence and the faraway crackle of the fireplace. 

“Fenrir!” he barked again.

Boots leaned up against the wall and squeezed his eyes shut.

“He needs to get in front of the fire,” Clint tried to say, but Eram yanked on the rope so hard Clint nearly fell over.

The viceroy’s advisor hissed at him, “Shut your mouth.”

Clint stole a glance at Boots, who didn’t seem to notice him. His eyes were still shut, his hands pushing his bundles of T-shirts hard into his side. They were dark with blood, the stains slowly blooming outward.

Erwulf growled at Eram, “Watch them,” before storming down the hall. 

And then Clint and Boots were alone with the viceroy’s advisor in the narrow entry hall. The way was dark, lit only by a few candles on the walls. Eram held onto the rope and unsheathed his sword, as if daring either one of them to move. 

Clint played through his options in his mind. He could grab the rope and give it a hard tug, pull Eram off balance, take the opportunity to attack him. But he couldn’t risk his life on the slim chance that he could bring Eram down faster than the man could arc his sword outward.

“Who do you really serve?” Eram growled, glancing between the both of them.

Boots gave a dark laugh. “Nobody,” and Clint realized that was true, now. 

Eram raised his sword in threat. “I wouldn’t suggest lying to me right now.”

That just made Boots smile with bitter delight. “You don’t scare me.” 

The viceroy’s advisor slammed his sword back into his sheath and turned to fasten Clint’s rope to the heavy iron ring on the door. Clint’s heart sped. All the tauntingly easy ways to escape rang through his mind. He quelled the immediate impulse to tackle Eram the second he turned away.

And he was glad he did. 

Erwulf came stumbling down the hall, wheezing and gasping. Clint did not understand why until he saw the viceroy’s palm, clutched against his throat. 

“Milord,” Eram said, stunned, “what happened?”

Erwulf opened his mouth to reply, and all that came out was a gurgling noise. Scarlet spittle bubbled and popped between his lips. And then blood began seeping down the lines of Erwulf’s palm, down his wrist.

Eram rushed passed the viceroy as Erwulf fell bonelessly to the ground. The viceroy’s pale eyes rolled and flashed at Clint in obvious rage.

Clint did not stop to find out where Eram was running to. He whirled around and fumbled with the knot around the door handle until the rope came free. 

Boots slowly slid to the floor. He sat there, staring at the stone floor between his knees with distant disbelief.

“Come on.” Clint held out his hands to Boots. “Untie me. We’ve got to get you warmed up.”

“He’s running,” Boots started.

“I don’t *care*. You need to stay alive. Okay?”

That made Boots smirk. “You think I die that easy?” He reached out with one trembling hand to loosen the knot at Clint’s wrist just enough for him to wriggle his hands out.

When Clint looked back at the viceroy, the man’s eyes had dulled like pebbles. His blood pooled around him, soaking into his fine blue cloak. There was a deep wound in the side of his throat, the sharp bite of someone’s knife, dark and quiet as the night outside.

Clint stooped down and looped an arm around Boots’s shoulders to help him stand up. The man sank heavily into Clint, his steps heavy and clumsy. He nearly tripped over the viceroy’s corpse as Clint led him through the entry hall and around the corner into the sitting room. A servant girl lay dead in the doorway, arms flung out in front of her. Her back and throat peppered in stab wounds. As if she had been trying to run when someone took her down.

“Malina,” he roared into the house. “Where the fuck are you guys?”

Clint deposited Boots on the floor in front of the fire and murmured, “I gotta go get some meds and weapons.”

Boots just nodded. Grimaced into the fire. He tried to make himself sit up, then gasped and clutched at his side as he eased himself back down onto his back. Boots shuddered hard, despite the licking heat. A steady stream of something Slavic came out of him, prayers or curses or both.

Clint heaved off his cloak and laid it over the other man. To his surprise, Boots did not shrug it off this time. He held the cloak like a blanket and muttered, “I need bandages, too.”

“Yeah, sure.” Then Clint froze, listening hard.

There were soft steps in the hallway. Velveted and getting closer. He could barely hear the scuff of boot on stone over the bite of the fire. He picked up the fire poker, the tip of it red and burning, and leapt through the doorway with it brandished over its head.

Malina stood before him, blood flecked and wide-eyed. She pressed a finger to her lips. In her other hand hung a knife curved like an incisor. 

“What the fuck is going on here,” he hissed.

“The viceroy found us out.” She nodded down the hallway. “Florence and I took care of it.”

Now Clint paused to squint into the darkness, and he could see it in the flickering shadows of the candles: blood spattered the hallway, black lakes on the floor. He swallowed his bile and said, “How many?”

“Everyone.” Malina wiped off her filthy blade on her thigh and shrugged. “They caught us and had us tied up. They missed the knife in Florence’s boot. She cut us out—” Malina mimed the action of hurling her knife “—and took care of the guard. After that, no one saw us coming.”

For a moment, he almost dwelled on the servants’ terror. How Malina and Florence must have stalked them down one by one and murdered them like that poor girl. Made them fall bleeding and screaming and already near dead. Whatever death meant for the already dead. He couldn’t explain his shudder of horror, how hard it was to look Malina in the eye and imagine her a murderer. 

 But he didn’t say what he was thinking. Instead he said, “Where’s Florence?”

“Hunting the last one. He went for the signal tower.” Malina nodded down the hallway. Pulled a switchblade from her waist and held it out to Clint. “We have to help her.”

Clint glanced back at the glowing doorway of the sitting room, where Boots lay before the fire, fighting off death. He took the knife reluctantly and followed her back down the hall. 

Malina picked through the rivers of blood nimbly, almost daintily. The trails led to the same room, a little nook in the wall that had once been the servants’ quarters. Now it was stacked with bodies. Clint caught only a glance of it—arms and legs and heads jutting out of the haphazard stack—and it still made his belly froth and turn. 

He followed Malina down to the far edge of the house, down halls he had never seen before. She opened a door with a bloody hand print smeared across it. The stairway was pitch black, and Clint could not even see Malina in front of him, surging up the steps like she knew them by heart. He faltered and slipped and she reached back to grip his hand, hiss at him, “We have to *hurry*.”

Clint almost asked why.

And then he smelt it. The thick bite of smoke in his nose.

Someone had lit the signal tower.
***
 |New here? Here's .
***
 | 
***
The viceroy’s home was just as rough-hewn and dim as the inn had been. But there were little signs of wealth here and there that the inn had lacked: silver candlesticks and pitchers of dried flowers, intricate tapestries hanging from the walls. The air was vaguely, persistently cold, and Clint found himself wandering around with his cloak wrapped tightly around his body like a blanket. 

There were fur-lined slippers left by the door, and he was grateful for the warmth. His boots were still faintly damp and freezing. He regretted not finding some fire to put them beside the night before. But they had stumbled in at an hour so late, the sky was beginning to pale to a foggy lavender, and he had no thought other than collapsing into bed and *sleeping*.

That was new, on this level. He woke with a hunger that was nearly real, found his body needed to sleep or else he’d stagger around zombielike and useless. Maybe that was part of the sin of greed. He half-cursed himself for not thinking to ask Virgil about it and resolved to ask his friends if they felt the same, once they were alone, where no one would hear him.

He ventured down the halls of the viceroy’s house, hoping to find the dining hall. He had no idea what time it was, but by the place of the sun in the sky, it was getting late. They had to get on the road: find the Lonely Mountain, find the dragon rider… all before Atlas and his men showed up.

Clint told himself to breathe. That it would all work out, because it had to.

He found them, eventually, when the servant boy hustled past him and paused to ask if he was lost. 

His friends seemed to have the same idea. They had their rucksacks down at the dining hall, leaned up against the table like they wanted to bolt down whatever food was set in front of them and then flee.

There was a stranger sitting at the head of the table. He wore a fine russet robe and stood to shake Clint’s hand enthusiastically when the man walked into the room.

“I was wondering if the boy I’d sent had gotten to you.” He gripped Clint’s arm and clapped his back in something that was almost like a hug. Then the man let him go and said in a booming voice, “Please, sit, eat!”

Clint just bobbed his head. For the first time in days, when he moved his head, the world stayed still, like it was supposed to. The relief was like a rush of cool water. He settled down into the only open seat, beside Daphne, and glanced at the selection spread before them.

“You may call me Erwulf. I am the king’s hand in this region of the world.” His smile was huge and self-satisfied. Smug enough that Clint disliked him, instantly. “The king has sent out many an envoy here, and they’ve all failed. He has called the cause lost, and has asked if I think it better to simply abandon the village and move on to another location. I have insisted to him in our lengthy correspondence—” Clint glanced to the side to see Malina roll her eyes “—that the problem will follow us anywhere we go.”

Clint gave a solemn nod. Erwulf addressed him as if he was the only person in the room, as if Clint had only brought his three friends along to carry things for him.

“Why do you think the dragons are attacking?” Daphne asked.

But Erwulf did not answer her question. He narrowed his eyes, put his elbows on the table, and asked her, “Just what is a little lass like yourself doing stomping out into the mountains to fight dragons?”

“Well, if your men can’t do it, someone has to.” Daphne’s hands clenched into tight fists in her lap, but she kept her face calm and unbothered. 

“If you don’t want our help,” Malina said, crisply, “we’ll leave.”

“I won’t stop anyone from throwing themselves at the problem. I would be delighted to be wrong.” The viceroy bit off a piece of sausage and said with his mouth full, “But I get the distinct impression I’m sending some women and a mute to die up there on the ridge.”

Clint tried not to look offended. He bit back the impulse to argue. Instead he slopped some food onto his plate and scowled at the tapestry hanging on the wall across from them, a golden lion, its teeth bared and claws arched. 

Florence just smirked. She folded her arms over her chest and said, “If you give us horses and supplies, you can test that theory. We saw the bastard head off for the Lonely Mountain.”

Erwulf laughed. “Horses won’t get you far up that mountain.” He swirled the wine in his goblet thoughtfully. And then he said, “It would be more beneficial to your mission if I sent some men with you as well.”

Malina scoffed. “They would only get in our way.”

That made Erwulf laugh, derisive. “What makes you think you can accomplish what dozens of trained soldiers could not?”

Malina drained her cup and slammed it on the table. “We’re better than your soldiers,” she answered, simply. 

Perhaps that challenge was enough. The light in the viceroy’s eyes changed. He looked bemused, almost as if he were staring down a group of children. 

“Very well,” the viceroy said. “You may make your wager on the mountain.”

***

An hour later, armed with the region map from Virgil and horses loaded up with rope and furs and dried meat, the four set off down the path for the Lonely Mountain.

The viceroy stood on the front steps of his grand home, watching them go. His quarters were at the edge of town, right before the thin veneer of civilization gave way to brush and wilds and snow so deep even the horses sank in and had to step high to keep moving. If they followed the road north, it would lead them to the base of the mountain that jutted up behind the viceroy’s home like a warning. It sat huge and hunkering on the horizon like an abandoned ship.

Clint clung to his saddle horn and hoped his anxiety was not obvious. He’d only been on a horse once, when visiting his uncle’s farm as a child. And that horse had been a *dick*. It had stomped and side-eyed him, and the moment it got outside the paddock, it kicked its back legs until he half-fell, half-threw himself off. And then the horse trotted over to a fat patch of clovers as if this was part of its plan the whole while.

Malina seemed to notice his hunched, white-knuckled grip. She smirked at him. “What?” she said. “Don’t like horses?”

“Nope,” Clint whispered back, even though the viceroy was too far back to hear him. When the house disappeared behind the snaking curve of the road, he glanced between his friends. Daphne seemed the most comfortable, as if she had been riding horses since the day she was born. He said, “I have to tell you all something.”

“I think in the next level,” Florence said, like she wasn’t really listening, “I get to be mute. Clint has the easiest fucking job.”

The rest of them started laughing, Clint included. He managed, “I think you’d have an impossible job keeping your mouth shut, honestly.”

Daphne grinned between them all, but her look was anxious and fleeting. “What did you need to say?”

“If you want to say twenty of those fucks from Atlas’s team showed up, we already know that.” Malina’s brows came together in a worried line.

“Oh. No, but that is… happening, I guess.” The brief joy of the sun and his friends and the feeling of finally moving forward abandoned him. He said, “Virgil was in my room this morning.”

“And you didn’t tell us earlier?” Malina snapped.

“Well, he did have good reason not to,” Daphne said.

Before Malina could rebut, Florence held up a calming hand toward her and said to Clint, “What did he say?”

“He said Atlas’s guys are six hours behind us.” He paused to regard the sun. “Well. He said that about an hour ago.”

“Okay, so we’ll come back to a massacred village. Great.” Malina rolled her eyes, like the deaths of dozens of damned souls were a minor inconvenience.

“And,” Clint continued, “someone in the viceroy’s house knows we’re full of shit.”

“Maybe it’s the viceroy,” Daphne murmured. “Maybe he thinks we’ll just die up there.” She looked up toward the mountain, towering over them like a god.

“Horses are expensive,” Florence said. “I think he thinks we’re coming back.”

For a moment, Clint had the horrible vision of an ambush halfway up a snowy mountain in this strange corner of hell. Imagined lying there with his chest bristling arrows, gasping for life. 

But he shook his head hard and flicked the reins.

They began the winding ascent up the Lonely Mountain.
***
 |New here? Here's .
***
 | 

Patreon chapter coming in an hour or two. My cat fell out my second story window this morning when the screen broke (she's fine and home safe! my neighbor found her!) but I am having the ABSOLUTE worst time trying to think and focus after that particular flood of panic. My brain is de-fogging but just... damn, lol. 

Here's  to make up for the tiny wait. :3 

**Also, if you're a patreon person and I forgot to give you flair and you would like to have it, PLEASE send me a PM! I'm the most disorganized person on the face of the earth.**

***


Sige took off again before Clint could even fully push himself off the ground. The downdraft of the dragon’s powerful wings boosting it upward nearly knocked him face-first into his own puke. But he caught his balance and stood up, swaying there for a moment, just staring. Weighing his odds. He had left his pack down with Florence and Malina, realized he had not really thought of it at all. Prayed to himself that Atlas would not be able to track them all the way to the Lonely Mountain before they got back to their gear.

Clint ventured into the dragon cave. It smelled smoky and musty inside, thick smell of old rot. He hesitated at the entrance when he heard a sound he could only describe as a hiss from deep within the cave’s belly. But a few moments later came the light trickle of Daphne’s voice, too far away to make sense of what she was saying. But she sounded delighted, at the very least. 

He followed the sloping path downward. The temperature dropped noticeably, the degrees plummeting one by one with each step he took.

Then, at the bottom of the sloping tunnel he could only stare. His path ended abruptly, leading to a twenty foot drop down into a room like a giant’s tomb. The antechamber split into a half-dozen more broad tunnels leading into darkness deep under the earth. There was a long wood stairway strung up with rope and iron spikes to the cave’s rough wall, leading down into the main room below.

And the room was full of people. At least a dozen of them, men and women in furs and tunics, huddled around that fire as Daphne sat among them, hands between her knees, watching the fire like it was a living thing. She looked like she could have been born among them; they all had the same frost-blond hair, the same sharp blue eyes. 

When Clint stepped into view, all heads snapped up toward him.

The strangers raised their voices in welcome, calling out in unison, “*Sæll!*”

Clint gaped down at them.

One of them, a woman red streaks like fire drawn under one eye, waved at him and said, “Come on! Sit by the fire.” She had an even thicker accent than Sige’s, and her smile was huge and genuine even from this high up.

Clint descended carefully, pressing one palm against the rock wall. If all those people weren’t staring, he would have clung to the wall with is entire body. The stairs wobbled with every step, moving gently with the rope that suspended them together on one side. The left end of the step was thoroughly jammed into the rock wall, but he couldn’t stop imagining it loosening and dropping, taking him down with it.

When he reached the ground the woman who had called him over stood and squeezed him in a bear hug. She beat his back with her fist once, held him at arm’s length to appraise him, and said, “I am called Leada. I am Sige’s sister.” She gestured to the people by the fire. “Warm up. We will talk about everything when your friends are here.”

Clint sank heavily onto the log beside Daphne and sat there for a few moments, clutching his forehead in his hands. He wanted to ask Daphne how she was sitting this close to a fire, but he didn’t want to embarrass her, didn’t want to make her talk about it in front of all these strangers. By the rigid line of her back, it couldn’t have been easy.

He offered her a one-armed hug that the girl melted into. Clint pillowed his chin against her head and let his stare rove the circle. There were ten strangers gathered around the fire, half of them men, half women. All stared at him with the same mixture of distrust and fascination. They looked so similar, he would not be surprised to hear they were all from the same family. 

Leada nodded at one of the men and said something in a sharp-toothed language, all hard Ks and Gs, drawn through the back of her mouth like a vine of thorns. But her tone was amiable and kind, and the man grunted a confirmation before rising from his seat. 

“He will get you tea,” she explained, raising her own metal cup in greeting.

“Oh,” Clint said, surprised by the heat that chased his belly at that. “That’s kind. Thank you.” He let go of Daphne, but she stayed slumped against him, staring around at the group, just marveling.

She murmured to him, “They’re all dragon riders.”

“All of them?”

“*All* of them.” She pointed around at the tunnels gouged into every open space on the wall, at least a dozen of them, now that Clint was down low enough to see them all. “Every one of those is a dragon den.”

The distinct copper taste of fear flooded Clint’s mouth. Those caves suddenly stared at him like huge empty eyes, watching him from every wall and corner. From within, he could hear the occasional murmur of scales on scales, the hot seethe of something huge, breathing. He swallowed hard. The man Leada had spoken to clumped over to Clint’s side and offered him a mug of steaming hot tea. He was grateful for the burn of it through his gloves. It was reassuring, and grounding. 

He could manage only, “Holy shit.”

He sat drinking his tea, listening to the dragon riders banter in their own language. Every once in a while they would switch into English—what they referred to as *the common tongue*, as if Death had realized communication would be an issue, and he wrote this loophole into this particular level—to clarify to Clint or Daphne why everyone had just laughed. 

Clint had never felt so simultaneously included and excluded. 

By the time Clint reached the bottom of his mug and drank another, Sige returned with Malina first, then Florence. Malina had gone so pale she could have passed for a white woman. She looked frazzled and mutely terrified. The circle shifted, the dragon riders compacting themselves closer to make room around the fire. Leada snapped her fingers at someone to get her tea, as if this was the custom, when strangers came to visit out of the biting cold.

Clint chuckled at the look on her face. “You doing okay there?”

“No,” she murmured back. “I think I’m going to have a lovely walk back down instead.”

Leada inclined her head to look Malina over. “We all become air-sick at first,” she said, her voice soothing, like she was trying to reassure Malina. “Time makes it go away.”

“I’d rather not give it the time to try,” Malina answered quite honestly.

Daphne stared down at her knees with a look that told Clint exactly what she was thinking: *I wouldn’t mind trying*.

Finally Sige stormed through the door and let out a whoop down to his friends, followed by a long, sleepy-sounding declaration in his own language. Whatever he said, it made Leada leap up and get her brother a cup of tea herself. Together, Sige and Florence plunked down the stairs. Florence did not look shaken. She looked like a child at a zoo, stunned by everything. She was nearly as excited as Daphne to see all of this. When Daphne pointed to the open mouths of the caves and told her that they were dragon burrows, Florence’s eyes brightened with wonder.

They clustered around the fire, knee-to-knee with the dragon riders. Clint’s little band sat on one of the logs while the riders crowded onto the others. Sige stood before his bench and rubbed his palms together. He gestured to their four new arrivals and said, “These warriors are friends to our cause. They fight against the king. They too have come to free our lands.”

“What is the king doing to you, exactly?” Malina said. She did not seem to have any stomach for her tea. She just held it and stared around at the deep darkness all around them, like she expected a dragon to come skulking out any minute.

“We’ve heard many stories,” Daphne added. “We just can’t determine which one is actually telling us the truth.”

Clint was immediately grateful this girl was so good at lying on the spot.

Leada chuckled low, her elbows planted on her knees. She leaned forward to appraise them all as she spoke. “These are wild lands. He has come to rob our gold, our timber, our people. He takes from the land and from us.” And then she started prattling fast in her own language, shifting her attention to the riders gathered at the circle. They nodded in stony-faced agreement.

Sige said, “Our friends don’t speak the north-tongue,” sharply, as if chiding his sister for keeping them out of the conversation. He looked at Clint and his friends, his smile vaguely apologetic. “The king comes here and calls us uncivilized. He destroys our villages to build his own, and makes the people pay taxes to live in them. He takes the riches of our people and our land and gives us nothing in return. He is a hoarder, and a thief, and we must right his wrongs.”

“How did stealing from shopkeepers fix it?” Malina said, her doubt obvious. “Aren’t they the people you’re trying to help?”

Clint squeezed her forearm, hoped that it would communicate her something to the effect of *be nice to the people who know how to talk to dragons*.

Leada spat into the earth and cursed.

That made her brother chuckle. “They are supported by the king. They have chosen their side.”

“What’s your goal here?” Florence said. “How can we help?”

“We aim to shake the king’s tyranny in the north.” Sige glanced between his fellowmen, as if they could confer through stares alone. He said, “We will continue to attack the king’s towns until he admits he has overstretched himself. We will kill as many of the king’s men as we must until we have our freedom.”

Daphne said, “The king sent a small infantry marching toward Atyn as we speak. We saw them, on the road here.” She looked between Clint and Malina and Florence, meaningfully. “Their leader calls himself Atlas.”
***
 |New here? Here's .

 | 
***
The hair pricked on Clint’s neck at that. He couldn’t help the dizzying turn of dread in his belly.

Sige checked his knife in a bored, practiced sort of way, as if ensuring it was still sharp. He said, “You’ve helped us, in a way. We’ve always wanted a reason to start war in the north. Dislodge the king’s grip.” He grinned between his brethren. “And now you’ve given us it.”

“*Mærik Hopp*,” Leada said, and the third rider repeated her in a solemn murmur.

Daphne bounded over to them. She had a white fur wrapped around her throat, the little feet still clinging on. When Clint pointed at in question and mockery, Daphne grinned at him and waved one of the little paws. “What? It’s warm.”

Malina caught her in a fierce hug and held her there, cheek pressed to the girl’s scalp, whispering things into her hair. 

Daphne wriggled away with a shy smile. “Jesus,” she said. “I was only gone a day.”

Malina’s smile was tired and relieved. “I’m glad you were gone. Atlas showed up.”

Florence kicked at the fast-melting snow. “We got one.”

“I got one,” Boots corrected her with a smirk.

Daphne looked at him in mild surprise. “You’re new.”

Boots dipped his chin in greeting and said, “Call me Boots.”

Florence looked at the dragon riders, who were watching the reunion with mild amusement—except Leada, who looked faintly irritated at being ignored. “What sort of help could we give you guys?” Florence jerked her thumb toward the dragons crowding the field before them. “Not much trumps a dragon.”

“Daphne explained your fire wands.”

Malina’s look turned sharply on her. Daphne pressed her face into her palms to hide the immediate flush that rose to her cheeks. When Sige looked away, she mouthed to Malina, *I know*.

“We heard them, too,” Leada added, her eyes bright as a child’s.

“The whole mountain heard them,” the third rider muttered. “They will be here by morning.”

Clint shivered, trying to imagine how many people might come marching up the road. How many of them were just farmers or trappers or business owners, trying to protect their little corner of the world. He supposed the dragon riders were doing the same. For the first time, he felt strangely relieved that this was all a game, that at least they understood the risks of their characters. 

“We would be honored to help you,” Florence said when no one else spoke. Her look was perfectly placid and poised. She jerked her thumb over her shoulder toward Boots. “But he needs help. He got hurt.”

Sige looked him over and asked, “Are you bleeding?”

Boots lifted up his sweater and looked at the still-white gauze. “Not much.”

The dragon rider gave a wheezing laugh. “She’ll want to give you a good sniff.” He turned back toward his dragon and added over his shoulder, “Blood always gets them curious.”

Boots’s bloodless face seemed to grow even paler. “What about hungry?”

Sige just laughed.

Clint helped Boots limp toward the dragon. He caught himself thinking of the thing more as a *she* than an *it*. It seemed the domain of things that didn’t know themselves. And this creature was terrifyingly aware.

 The dragon’s head whipped toward Boots the second a downward tug of wind carried his scent to her. Her body spun around so fast that Clint had to stifle the impulse to bolt backward. She snapped her eyes toward Boots and leapt over the snow, stopping mere feet short of them. She lowered her head and stared at them down the end of her snout for a long and terrible minute.

Clint had to tilt his head all the way back just to see the sharp slivers of the creature’s pupils, pinned on him. He had never felt so small. 

Then the dragon pressed her huge nose to the belly of Boots’s sweater and inhaled, deeply. Her nostril was nearly as tall as his torso. When she exhaled, her breath came out so thickly it blustered Boots’s clothes, his hair. But he stood there impassive, his pale grey eyes hard as stone. He met the dragon’s stare with a leveled intensity that Clint couldn’t match. Clint couldn’t stop thinking about cats, how if you stared at one for too long, it felt threatened. He wondered faintly if dragons were the same way.

Kali gave Boots one more thorough snuffle. Then the dragon exhaled, showering them both in a haze of warm air. It was like standing before a geyser, if a geyser had claws the length of Clint’s forearm. She lifted her head away from the both of them and stared at Sige, her gaze as unreadable as the face of a mountain.

But Sige seemed to find meaning there. He laughed and said something sternly in his language, which Clint could only guess was some approximation of *No, you can’t eat that.* He gestured over his shoulder. “Come on. We’ll help you up.” 

Boots pushed away from Clint to limp the rest of the way to the dragon’s side.

Daphne watched him with obvious fascination as he went. “Why is he here?” she whispered to Malina.

Malina only sighed and whispered back, “It’s a whole fuckin’ story.” 

Clint watched, anxiety drumming at the walls of his stomach, as Kali spooled its head around and pressed its muzzle against the ground. Sige pointed at the dragon and said something Clint couldn’t quite hear. Boots stared at the dragon rider and his dragon in disbelief for a few reluctant seconds before he lay down on the dragon’s scaled nose, gripped the hard spikes that started on the creature’s forehead and traveled in a neat row down its spine. 

And then the dragon lifted him up into the air. He looked almost childishly small, legs dangling, head twisted around to see the drop that awaited him. But Boots did not fall. Kali settled him easily onto its broad back and paused there until he had a solid grip on the saddle. Then her long neck revolved back to Sige, and he awarded her by rubbing his elbow hard under her chin, like petting a dog. 

Sige pointed toward the dark shoulder of the mountain jutting up into the sky. He said, “You will hide for the night with us.”

Clint looked between Malina and Florence. Malina looked airsick already; Florence just nodded back at him with tired finality. They had no better choices, not with exhaustion and hunger and cold pulling at their bones.

So Clint said for them all, “Thank you. For everything.”

The dragon rider smiled at him. “You will repay us yet.”

That was oddly foreboding. But Clint did not have time to weigh on it before Leada looked between them all and said, “Who rides with me?”

***

Clint’s second time on a dragon was calmer than his first. He sort of knew to expect the little moments where the air caught him and let him go again. Knew to trust that his belt would go taut, that no matter how quickly the wind whipped past him, he would not go sailing across the open blue with it.  

Florence clung on just behind him. She clamped his diaphragm in the vice grip of her arms the second she scrambled up the back of the dragon behind him. Her impassive, faintly annoyed face hid her fear much better than the subtle tremor in her arms. The dragon riders, it seemed, had come equipped for the very purpose of rescue. Both of the remaining dragons had dual saddle seats with a pair of sturdy leather belts. The man—whose name Clint had asked for, couldn’t understand, and was too uncomfortable to ask again—insisted on strapping them onto Clint and Florence. 

Ahead of both of them the golden rider sat perched on his golden dragon. He wedged himself between two of the shovel-liked spikes protruding from the dragon’s spine and wrapped his legs tightly around the beast’s neck. It flicked a disgruntled stare back at him but took off nevertheless. The dragon-rider seemed placid, as if he were staring down the side of a rowboat and not a thousand-foot drop. He sat there palms on his knees, admiring the milky scatter of the stars. 

Clint just gripped his belt tightly and tried to hide his mounting panic.

The dragon couldn’t land fast enough. Clint had to lean over to vomit the moment the dragon hit the ground. His own bile flecked backward into his face from the upward thrust of air. Florence shoved his shoulder and said something along the lines of, “What the fuck, man,” but Clint was too focused on keeping the rest of his rioting stomach down to listen to her.

Daphne and Malina had already landed, when Clint got there. They stood outside waiting with mugs of tea clutched between their hands, steaming like tiny witches’ brews. Malina cackled at Clint when he hit the snow, doubled up, and threw up again. Both the black dragons were gone, slunk back into their burrows deep beneath the earth.

“Fuck off,” he said, spitting into the snow. “Don’t act like you didn’t lose your shit too.”

“No one witnessed anything,” Malina returned with a smirk.

Florence slapped Clint’s back harder than she had to. “Are you going to do that every time?”

“Only when you fly with me,” he said.

Daphne offered him her mug of tea and he accepted it, gratefully. She glanced over at the golden dragon and its rider. The rider was uncinching the saddle from the dragon’s back. He gripped the saddle horn and slipped off the dragon’s shoulder like he was plunking down an impossibly tall stair. He skidded to a landing on top of the saddle, letting it break his fall. Then the rider stood up, brushed the snow off of himself, and turned toward the massive open mouth of the cave, saddle slung over his shoulder.

The dragon stared at the four little humans huddled there on the side of the mountain. Clint couldn’t shake the feeling that it was standing there like it wanted to say something.

But then the beast tossed its head and trotted into its den. It crept easily around the human debris littering its cave—the tables and chairs and boxes and barrels—and slunk into the deeper depths of the cave. Its claws resounded off the stone walls well after it and its rider both disappeared.

Malina shivered hard against the galing wind. “Let’s get the fuck inside,” she said through her teeth.

Clint flicked his stare back at Daphne. “Before we go in. What did the book say?”

Daphne glanced over her shoulder to see if anyone had emerged from the cave to listen. She said, “To get to the fifth circle they crossed a purple river. I asked them if they knew of anything that sounded like that, and there is a river ten miles southwest of here.” She pointed out across the valley. “They call it Paeta, which apparently means purple. We flew over it. I think it has to be it.”

“What does it look like?” Florence’s eyes were bright and uncharacteristically anxious.

“Just… a river. It’s only sort of purple, really, but more than most rivers are.” When Malina and Florence traded looks of uncertainty, Daphne rushed to clarify, “It wouldn’t be a good level entrance if it was obvious. None of them have been obvious so far.”

“And we just… cross it?” Malina said, doubtfully.

Daphne shrugged. “I suppose so.”

“Great, we’ll get a man recently shot in the stomach to hike ten miles through the wilds to get to a fucking purple stream that we hope will take us to the right place, while carrying enough shit to arm a small infantry. Fantastic.” Florence kicked at the snow. 

“You sound hungry,” Malina said.

“I *am* fucking hungry. And I hate that that’s something I can be in this game now.”

Clint cast a tired smile between his friends and said, “We’re alive. And that’s really what’s important.”

“Thanks, Coach,” Malina said.

“I’m being serious.”

“We let too many of them get away today,” Florence muttered, like she wasn’t listening to any of them.

Daphne just laughed. She nodded back towards the warm glow of the cave. “Come on,” she said. “I’ve been doing nothing all day but riding dragons and helping make venison stew for you guys. I had a feeling we’d need it.”

For half a second, Clint saw that woman’s head burst open only a few feet in front of him. He looked down at the toes of his boots, where her blood still dappled the leather. He was glad that was all Daphne would remember from this day.

“Tavern food,” Malina said. “My favorite.” But she couldn’t hide the genuine smile warming her cheeks.

They turned and retreated into the dragon’s den.
***
 || Part 3 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 

***

**Part Three**

Three days later, she met Cassius late in the evening in a part of the city she had barely visited. They were on the east side, beyond the river, where the buildings were old and slumping. So old that they were from the age that still used things like wood and stone to make buildings.

The address Cassius gave her brought her to an unmarked black door between a barber shop and a pawn shop with heavy bars on its windows.

She rang the doorbell. The air was cool and tasted like spring. The wind tugged gently at the leaves. Cassius had said the leaves change colors. It occurred to her for the first time that there was a season other than spring.

The door opened.

Cassius had found somewhere to sleep recently apparently. His hair looked clean, his clothes fresh. He shook Eris's hand warmly when he saw her.

"I'm glad you've decided to come. We usually meet every other Thursday, but I asked them to make an exception and do a repeat week."

"Why?"

"To meet you."

Blood collected hotly in her ears and cheeks. "Well, shit. Now I feel weird. You didn't have to do that."

He shook his head and hustled her inside. The door opened up into a small stairwell with mailboxes and a laundry room the size of a broom closet. Cassius nodded up the rickety stairs.

"Graham's place is just up the stairs."

The many rows of apartments and doors were crooked and worn. The whole building smelled faintly of mildew and rot. It was a marvel it hadn't been torn down yet.

But the apartment Cassius lead her to seemed homey enough. Art on the walls and warm yellow light. The furniture was patched and mismatched, but everything smelled like lavender. Candles burned on every surface in place of electric light.

And the three people sitting before her had nothing over their heads.

Eris shut the door behind her. Stared in wonder and thrill that was horror and joy all at once. She looked to Cassius, nervously.

"Don't be shy. I'll introduce you."

So Eris followed him into the apartment. Two men and a women sat scattered on the couch and two armchairs. They greeted Eris and Cassius with a host of scattered hellos.

One of them rose to get a dining room chair for Cassius.

"Thank you, Graham," he said and settled into it with a weary sigh.

Eris sat in the only empty armchair. She watched the line of Graham's back as he returned to his seat. He was tall, large-shouldered. He had a look to him of constant muted worry. His hair was dark, curly, meticulous.

When Graham looked toward her, she snapped her stare down at her knees. 

Cassius introduced them in turn.

Graham: the dark eyes that made her want to stare a little too long.

Malia: fierce. Sat with her heavy construction boots on the table appraising Eris, her face twisted with mistrust.

Leo: pale and near-silent. He looked as anxious as Eris felt. Some part of her wanted to unwind and laugh with him *god, aren't people just so fucking scary?*

But her throat clamped tightly shut and she could only sit there, surveying the floor, feeling utterly watched.

"Eris," Cassius continued, voice lilting and delighted, "is one of the controls."

That drew raised eyebrows from all three.

Malia smirked. She had black hair, long and thick and curly. She twirled it into a bun as she spoke. "Then you have no clue what's going on."

"I've given her an extremely rough crash course."

"Exactly what we'd expect from you." Graham pulled his slender phone out of his pocket and checked the time. "Why couldn't all this have waited until next week, Cassius?"

"Because she is our way out."

The other three stared at him in mixed states of perplexion and scorn.

"I think you need to explain a few more steps of that thought process." Malia's voice was cheery but toothed. She was small but muscled and sat like she was used to being the last word in the room.

Graham, who sat on the end of the couch nearest Eris's chair, leaned over the arm to ask her quietly, "Could I get you anything to drink? Some tea or coffee or anytheing?"

"No, um. I'm good."

"Sorry those two are *so* intense." He smiled. The air between them felt warm and full of new little secrets. "They are mostly benign, despite appearances."

Eris permitted a tiny smile. "Really?"

Cassius prattled on, oblivious to them, "She is our poster child. We stick to the original plan, but she should be the real icon of our cause. She's what they're suggesting, after all." He jabbed a finger at Eris.

She tried not to feel weirdly guilty.

"Oh my god," Graham said, "you're the rudest person I've ever met. Stop talking about Eris like she's not even here."

"I don't have time to be polite. This is serious!"

Malia gave Eris a smile that was half pity and half teasing. "You have no idea what we're talking about, do you?"

"Of course I don't," Eris muttered, shy despite herself. She should fit right in here. All these people, just as unmarked as she was. But she felt stranger than ever.

"Our world exists to prove a theory." Cassius leaned forward on his elbows and smiled like this was all a fun invented story. "The idea is that human beings can thrive and achieve full self-efficacy even among artificial intelligence. Do you know that word? We talked about psychology, earlier."

Malia rolled her eyes. "This isn't a fucking lecture, Dr. Nothing."

"Could you try shutting up? That's my favorite thing you do."

Leo glanced between the two of them in alarm.

"If you two can't talk without fighting, I won't let you talk. We've been over this." Graham scowled between Cassius and Malia.

Finally the old man growled, "I apologize," his dark glare matching Malia's.

Then, speaking for the first time, Leo said in a voice soft and clear, "They're trying to test if humans can be raised and live among bots without even noticing it. Or if they can still live fulfilling lives when they *do* realize it. And you're the control group."

"The control group," Eris repeated, numbly.

"They let us know," Malia said, leaning forward, voice dripping bitterness, "to see if we'll go fucking mad or not. And you get to live in perfect ignorance."

"Sure, frame it that way." Cassius groaned. "God, you're such a Debbie downer all the time."

"Who even *says* that?"

"Plenty of people, when I was your age."

"You're not my age," Malia snapped back.

"Oh, look. You've lost the privilege to talk." Graham clapped his hands together. Cassius started to protest, but Graham just shook his head. "My apartment. My rules."

Eris's anxiety wasn't gone. But it did have a new focus. These people did not frighten her, exactly. But the world out there did.

"What are you going to do about it, exactly?" she asked.
***
 | Part 3 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  || 
***
As the horse plunged down the snowy road, Clint began realizing that he hadn’t thought this through quite all the way. He was hurtling through the darkness on a huge animal, into who-knew-how-deep snow, towards a forest almost certainly full of guns and people ready to use them… all to help some stranger bleeding in the snow.

He reasoned to himself that Atlas wouldn’t let them shoot at just anybody. Not after they went so long leaving their presence unannounced. 

The figure was heaving themselves across the snow on hands and knees, head ducked low, occasionally stealing glances of utter disbelief at him. When Clint got closer, he could see the person was a man, shuddering with cold, hands bound in what looked like bundled up T-shirts. Clint didn’t have to ask if he was an NPC; no one in Atyn wore blue jeans. 

The man clutched an arm around his middle, and it ran as red as the snow around him. 

Another bullet screamed out of the darkness. Clint ducked on impulse and threw himself off the horse before he could let it frighten him into freezing. The horse stamped urgently, looked like it wanted to bolt. Clint snatched the reins and shushed it with vague reassurance. He reached with his other hand to haul the man upright, the sheer terror of death—real death—driving him forward like a mad man. 

“What—” the man started, but Clint snapped, “Shut up,” and threw him over the horse’s whithers. The stranger clutched the horse’s mane and swayed like a drunk. Clint heaved himself up onto its back behind him, took the reins, 

“Hold on,” Clint hissed through his teeth. A bullet sailed by and clipped the horse’s ear. A little burst of blood exploded outward.

The horse screamed and took off so quickly Clint had to clench both his thighs tightly to stay on. He threw his free arm around the other man and pressed both their bodies down close to the horse’s neck. There was no guiding the damn thing now. He could only cling on and pray it ran back the way it came, hope that it slowed before it managed to buck them off completely. 

The man shrieked back at him, “What the fuck? Why did you do that?”

“Shut up,” Clint repeated, more urgently this time. “You’ll scare the horse.”

“I think bullets scare the fucking horse!” 

Clint did not bother arguing. The horse careened across the open field between the houses and the wood. Another bullet chased after them, but it did not find its mark, and the trees went silent once more. Despite his best hopes, the horse didn’t seem to know where the hell it was going. It ran pell-mell behind the houses, bursting through snowdrifts and dead gardens until it at last reached the road, and then it kept going. Clint yanked backwards on the bridle, but nothing would convince it. The horse was massive, senseless, and terrified, and Clint caught himself eying the snow below them, wondering if it would be enough of a cushion. If his head could take another smack, if he didn’t land right. 

The horse didn’t give him time to decide. It suddenly locked its front legs and jammed its hooves into the ground, sending both men pitching over its head before Clint even quite realized what was happening. For a moment, he thought he was having another concussive spell, but then he realized he really *was* moving, the ground was indeed orbiting out and out until it disappeared out from under him completely.

He hit the ground hard on his side. The man landed next to him, groaning.

For a long half second, Clint lay dazed, gazing up with half-open lids, not quite grasping what he was seeing. There, against the velvet wall of night, the horse rising up, its hooves reaching up as if to touch the stars—

Clint grabbed the man’s arm and shoulder and rolled them both out of the way just as the terrified horse slammed its front hooves back into the ground before it took off running once more. They lay there side by side in the reddening snow, panting, temples still touched together in disbelief. Then Clint hauled himself upright, glanced around, and said, “Well, fucking shit.”

The man in the did not try to rise. He unzipped his jacket, a ratty windbreaker, and lifted up both of his sweaters to show a pale belly, a gaping circle of torn flesh just about his hip. His breath caught in his throat, went ragged, like he was trying not to cry.

“It’s okay, man. I got shot before. You’ll be okay.”

He shook his head. Pressed his face into his hands, smearing his forehead and cheeks with his own blood. He didn’t answer.

Clint pushed himself to his feet and gazed around with a sigh. He had no idea where the horse had carried them. He knew the way the horse had bolted was the same way they left town for the Lonely Mountain, but the trees had been such a blur, and he’d been so intent merely on keeping himself and the wounded stranger upright that he did not think to pause and look around.

But there was no time to curse that. The forest rose up all around them. Wherever they were, it would take Atlas’s men a hell of long walk to reach them. They had a narrow head start and badly needed to take advantage of it.

He offered his hand to the man and said, “I’m Clint.”

“Boots.” 

“What?”

“Call me Boots.” Almost begrudgingly, he accepted Clint’s outstretched hand and sat upright with a gasp. 

Clint snorted and said, “Uh, okay.” He cocked his head at the man’s accent as he scoured the night for any hint of man or animal, lurking out there in the wood. Boots’s words had an expansive, upward lilt, as if every vowel were a plateau to rise to and pause to appreciate. “Were you Russian or something?” 

“Vainakh,” He spat red into the snow. Clint didn’t know if that was a curse or a correction. He didn’t ask. Instead, he just started to unbuckled his cloak.

Boots waved him away. “I’m fine with cold,” he insisted, his voice wandering and strange. *I’m fine vis cold*.  “I’m not even *that* cold.”

“I think that not feeling cold is the first sign of being too fuckin’ cold, dude.”

“No, I have a way of keeping my temperature up.” He hunched up his shoulders to his ears and explained, “I tighten my muscles and focus on flowing all my blood to there.”

“Don’t do that. Seriously.” Clint wrapped his cloak around Boots’s shoulders. “The game makes you heal faster, not turn into superman.” He nearly added *so don’t be so actively fucking stupid*, but then he realized that he sounded too much like Malina. 

Boots wilted and scowled. He did not wrap the cloak tightly around himself, but he didn’t shrug it off, either. 

“Why the hell did he shoot you?”

That made Boots grimace, showing his canines. He pressed one of his T-shirt-bundled hands against his gaping belly. “Atlas tell us he ran into Death on the road, yeah? Says only ten can win next level. And there are sixteen of us. So he draws circle in the snow—” Boots traced a circle on the snow beside him; blood chased the edge of it “—and throws two knives in the middle. He says we will fight, and bottom six will be left here to die.” He raised a bleak stare to the trees. His sigh clouded the air. “I refuse to fight.” 

Clint swallowed around the lump in his throat. He sank down, hunkering on his heels in the snow. “Why?”

“I don’t kill my friends,” Boots answered, as if this should be obvious. He nodded down the road, back the way they’d come. “So Atlas have us losers sit there on the ground. He says he will let us go, but I know him. He does not let people go.” He frowned down at his own belly. “So I run. He shoots me. And you show up, like a big idiot on a big horse.” But now the man was grinning, his teeth blood-slicked, his smile strained; Clint knew the pain well enough himself.

“Yeah, well. You’re welcome.”

Boots’s smile vanished. He snapped his head to the side and hissed, “Someone is coming.”

Clint muttered curses under his breath when he reached back for his rifle and found nothing. “Do you have—” he started.

Boots shook his head. “They take everything useful.”

Clint gripped his hair with both hands and swore. He could help drag Boots off the road, but anyone could follow the trail of blood and upturned snow. And he did not want to think about what kind of blood-mad creatures waited in the woods. He could hear it too now, the stamp of hooves, a man barking out a sharp order before he went quiet again.

Boots hauled himself unsteadily to his feet and stood there for a moment, wobbling. Clint put an arm around his shoulders, and the man sank into his embrace with a faintly embarrassed sigh.

“We need to hide,” Boots started, but before Clint could argue back, a small group of people and horses crested the hill.

Almost instantly, Clint recognized the two riders at the head of the procession. Erwulf and his advisor Eram, both their faces dark with displeasure. A little boy leaned around from behind Eram, where he apparently sat clinging to the man’s back. He pointed ahead and said, “That’s him! He stole the horse. He said he couldn’t talk and he *can*.”

“Ah, shit,” Clint sighed. He put his free hand up to show he wasn’t armed and waited, damning his luck and the timing of it all. 

The viceroy stopped his horse just a few feet from Clint and Boots and he scowled down the bridge of his nose at them. “You,” he said to Clint, “have made the mistake of abusing my trust.” He nodded to Eram and said, “Tie them up and take them back.”

“He’s hurt,” Clint tried explaining, lamely, but Eram slipped off his horse and told him, “Be quiet.”

So Clint did. He stood there obedient and fuming as Eram tied his wrists in front of him and secured it with a rope to the back of his horse’s saddle. A part of Clint wanted to laugh when he saw that their third horse was Daphne’s lost one; perhaps they had found it wandering the woods. Eram helped Boots up onto it, cursed him for getting blood on his tunic, and tied Boots’s wrists to the saddle horn. 

And then at Erwulf’s command, they began the long journey back to the viceroy’s home. 
***
P.S. some of you may have recently become aware of reddit's updated , specifically clause 4. Some writers have found this reason enough to move their work off of reddit. I totally respect the concern motivating that choice. However I personally do not mind giving reddit the permissions outlined in the user agreement, mostly because I believe they are necessary concessions for reddit to function as it does. I do not believe there is any realistic concern that reddit will attempt to reproduce or republish my work (beyond, you know, letting it show up on any variety of third party Reddit apps, which is a kind of republishing, hence the need for that clause), nor do I mind the unedited version of this draft existing on reddit's servers in perpetuity... because that was my plan in the first place, lol. Since I don't take the updated clause as a significant threat to my intellectual property rights, I'm just going to keep being here, mostly for ease of access and consistency. Also so I don't have to migrate over 60 fuckin' chapters, lol.

Anywho, thanks for reading <3
***
 || 

***
Atlas’s gang retreated shouting down the stairs. Florence nearly ran down after them, but Malina grabbed her elbow and said, “*Stop*. We need to take fifteen fucking seconds to plan.”

“I’m going to shoot them in the back. That’s the plan.”

“We’re saving our ammunition for the fifth level,” Malina snapped.

“Yes,” Boots murmured. “Smart lady. Atlas is also.”

Clint rubbed nervously at his scarred temple. “We let them run. Obviously we let them run.”

“I don’t want that fucker to have two good teams for the next round, I’ll be real honest.” Florence kept looking at the stairs, her face twisted with desire and regret. “You know he’ll just join whichever one wins. Double his odds.”

Boots rolled his eyes at her. “You’re just angry is him and not you.”

“Are you and I going to have a fucking problem, Bootsy?” Florence leaned so close into his face that they reminded Clint of snarling dogs, seconds from tearing into each other. 

“Maybe.” His smile was lazy, easy. “But first—” he pointed skyward “—we deal with dragons.”

Clint shook his head. “Dragons are on our side.” Paused. “Most likely.” 

Florence cut a sharpened glare to Malina. “This is a hell of a lot longer than fifteen seconds.”

“I’ll go first.” Malina nodded to Florence. “You follow me up in case one of those bastards is waiting for us in here. Clint, you make sure he doesn’t fall over.”

Boots gave Clint’s middle a fierce and friendly squeeze, like they were already friends. “I make sure he doesn’t get shot.”

Clint blinked fast, wondering if Atlas would really do that. Leave one of his men here to die. Surely not, not with that number looming over them all. Magic number five.

On their way down again, Clint caught himself checking every corner and half-open door. Vomit rose involuntarily up his throat. There was a body in nearly every room, puckering stab wounds. The anguish and terror drawn on their frozen faces was too *human*. He couldn’t bring himself to imagine Malina holding someone down and bringing a knife into them over and over while they screamed and screamed and—

He looked away and tried to tell himself it was only a game.

But when they stood in the entry hall as Malina and Florence declared the house all clear, he couldn’t help but ask, “Why did you have to kill everybody?”

Florence’s stare had force and fury. “So we wouldn’t deal with what’s happening right now.”

“Did you have to fuckin’ stab them to death, I mean, Jesus…”

Boots started laughing. “Not many nice people in this game.”

Malina rolled her eyes. “Yeah, Clint is the *nicest*.”

But Florence surprised him in her intensity. She whipped around and gripped his shirt collar in both hands, her pupils boring into his. “These people are not real,” she said through her teeth. “The people waiting for us at the end of this fucking game are. Stop thinking with your heart, and use your fucking brain.” She shoved him away.

Clint kept himself from staggering backwards, but only just. “I just don’t see stabbing someone forty times as reasonable self-defense.”

Boots clicked his tongue. “Why you have to be mad?” He couldn’t bite back his grin when Florence looked at him, sourly.

For once, Malina was the voice of reason. She snapped at them all, “Guys, argue later,” then threw open the front door and led the way out, gun-first. She whipped her rifle around in a couple steady sweeps before declaring, “They took off.”

Florence twisted the grip of her rifle over and over, her face lined with frustration. “Should have chased them.”

Clint tuned out their bickering. He tried to find Atlas’s tracks in the snow, but it was all churned up from the horses, the stamp of the dead viceroy only a few hours earlier. His whole body ached with exhaustion the more he lingered on the time of it. Prayed that the next level would not demand of him sleep and food. Boots hung even heavier from his arm as he leaned gasping into Clint, shotgun raised in his right hand, as if he planned to push Clint away and start shooting at a split second’s notice.

At first, when Clint looked up, he could not see the dragons. He could still hear their wings summoning up storms, buffeting the wind that tugged at his cloak. But then he plucked out from the stars the shape of wings veering toward them, steadily growing closer. And he couldn’t blame Atlas’s gang for fleeing.

There were three dragons, plummeting out of the sky. Impossible shadows against the dark sky. Boots went board-straight beside him and started murmuring to himself in disbelief. 

The first dragon skittered along the roof of the stable, knocking off shingles like scattered pebbles. Clint recognized the nimble black wings, the long green-eyed stare, frighteningly intelligent. And when the dragon skidded to a stop in the snow, kicking up a tiny avalanche, he could make out Sige up on the beast’s back, frowning down at him.

“What happened?” the dragon rider roared, pointing at the signal fire. 

Malina offered him a shrug. “Erwulf figured us out.”

“Couldn’t kill them fast enough,” Florence added, bitterly.

Far down the end of the road, Clint saw the shape of a person on the horse. The moment they saw the dragon, they jerked their horse around and galloped away. He stared after them, and for half a second he nearly wished they could just shoot him. Even though he was probably only a villager following his storyline, investigating why the viceroy had raised an alarm. Witnesses felt dangerous. That meant more bodies, more weapons, more risk…

Before he could linger any more on that thought, the other dragons landed, shaking the earth like the fists of an angry god. One was a deep amber, color of unearthed gold, and it pawed at the snow delicately, as if it did not care for the snow between its claws. He faintly recognized its thick-bearded rider as one of the men from the cave. He patted the dragon’s neck and murmured things to it in a language that Clint couldn’t understand, even if he had been close enough to hear it.

The other was black as the sky, a near-twin to Sige’s dragon Kali, but it was massive. Its shoulder was four or five feet taller than the smaller dragon’s, and its stare was silvery, perpetually unimpressed. It was large enough to stare into the second floor windows of the viceroy’s home while reclined on its haunches. 

And Daphne sat up on its back like a little bird. Bright-eyed and waving down from behind Leada. For half a second, Clint had to mute the incessant panicked voice that urged him to tell her to get down *right this goddamn second*. At least she wasn’t alone on that thing. He couldn’t bear the image of that dragon deciding to shake her off midair. 

“Daphne!” Clint crowed. He couldn’t help his delight at seeing her hale and whole. “What the hell have you been up to all day?”

She beamed down at him. He had never seen her so happy in her own skin. She always looked faintly vexed, overworked, as if she were eternally discomforted around people. But up there on that great beast’s back, she looked like she had found a way outside the circles spinning in her head. “Riding dragons!” she cried back. “And reading!” She pulled her battered copy of *The Inferno* out of her shirt and waved it at him.

Clint wanted to sink to his knees in relief. Leave it to Daphne to bring a book with her, even on a dragon ride.

Sige vaulted down from his dragon’s back and landed in the snow that was already turning to slush from the heat of the dragons’ bellies.

For the first time, Boots seemed afraid. He tried to hold himself up and grip his shotgun in both hands. His stare flickered between the three beasts, tracing their sharp, reptilian eyes for the first warning of death.

“You came at just the right time,” Malina said.

Sige looked up at the burning beacon doubtfully. “Our timing could have been better.”

Leada unfurled a rope ladder and anchored it to two of the huge spikes jutting from her dragon’s spine. She climbed down to the end of the ladder and leapt the last few feet back to the earth nimbly. “We worship Fortune,” she reminded her brother, “and so she is always in our favor, though she may reveal her hand with time.”

He rolled his eyes and waved her off. “There will be an army,” he said, his voice heavy as falling stones. “They will come now.”

“And we will fight them,” said the third rider, his accent so thick Clint could hardly understand him. He had descended his dragon so quickly Clint had not quite registered it. He’d been too busy watching Daphne descend that ladder, the dragon’s immense head curved back to observe her in fascination. He gestured to Clint’s haphazard team. “And you will help.”
***
 || 

***

They stayed up by the fireplace for a long time. Erwulf stuck his head in the doorway when Atlas left and asked, “Where’s did that Atlas fellow get off to?”

“I think he went to bed early,” Florence murmured without looking at him.

The viceroy frowned between the three of them. Clint chewed on the inside of his lips, half to help himself remember not to say a word. Then Erwulf said, “Ah, that’s a shame. He’s good for conversation.” Then the viceroy sighed and shuffled off back down the hall again.

Malina and Florence spoke in low voices. Clint sat there silent beside them until the fire smoldered low. It was late in the night, and sleep pulled heavily at Clint’s eyelids, but anxiety coiled under his skin, would not let him relax. He couldn’t forgive himself if napping got him killed.

If any servants were still awake, they would have already pattered in, threw more logs onto the fire, and tiptoed back out again. But the fire slowly died and the hall remained dark, empty.

“We need more firewood,” Malina murmured.

Clint ventured, his voice already dry with disuse, “I could go get some.”

Florence didn’t say anything. The look in her eyes was miles away.

Malina said, “Just keep an ear out. Keep your head down. Who knows where the hell Atlas’s people are.”

That made a shudder course through him. Clint stood up and then paused there staring at the dim lapping shadows on the floor. Wondered how this all could have really been only one day: down on a mountain, on a dragon, and back down the mountain again.

"I'll be right back," he murmured.

"Remember to keep your mouth shut," Malina said, smirking. "Never know who's listening."

He scoffed at her. And then remembered what Virgil had warned him of that morning. His belly dropped like an anvil at the idea of someone sitting out there in the hall, listening to them all the while.

Clint picked his cloak up off the back of his chair and wrapped it around himself tightly before venturing out the front door, into the night. He propped it open a crack with a brick that sat beside the door, perhaps for that very purpose. The belly of the sky stretched over his head, bare and gleaming with light. Clint stood for a moment with his head upturned, letting himself marvel. Trying to pick out a fleeting shape of black upon black of some night creature among the stars. But the sky was empty, and the village was silent. 

The silence splintered and shattered. The gunshot reverberated across the valley, so loud it nearly sounded like the sky was splitting open. Clint hurled the wood down and threw himself into the snow next it. He covered the back of his head with both hands and lifted his chin just high enough to see over the snow. His thumb rubbed anxious circles on his ridged scar.

A second gunshot followed, and a third. Clint expected them to draw closer, waited for the thunk of a bullet sinking into the wood behind him to betray his shooter’s target. But it never came. The night went quiet again. 

Clint lay there for a long horrible minute, just listening. The horses were panicking in the barn, snorting and stamping and throwing their bodies against the stall door. One of them bellowed like it was about to be killed. 

He pushed himself upright and hunkered down there on his knees, squinting down the dark road. “What the fuck was that,” he mumbled to himself.

“Did you hear that too?” 

Clint whipped around. The servant boy who had brought him clean clothes that morning stood there, red-cheeked and astonished. He nearly opened his mouth to reply, but instead he just nodded. Turned his head back toward the darkness. 

The boy said, “I’ll rouse the master.”

Clint shook his head urgently. Perhaps the boy had already heard him muttering. Perhaps there was no need to keep the charade up. But he didn’t want to be the reason that they were caught in this dense web of lies. 

“It sounded big,” the boy insisted. “He would be furious if we heard and didn’t do anything.”

And before Clint could stop him, the servant boy turned and darted back into the house.

Clint seethed through his teeth. An insane part of him wanted to go stomping down the road and out into the woods himself, but his shotgun was inside, and he was alone, and anyone hunkered down in there would hear him coming well before he reached them.

Malina came bursting out the front door then with a rifle and her shotgun. She tossed the latter to Clint and hissed, “Florence is convincing the boy to keep his goddamn mouth shut.”

“It might help us,” Clint whispered, terrified of being overhead, “if we had the viceroy’s men.”

“We’re not going to fight in the middle of the night with a bunch of backwards fucking morons with swords.” Malina’s flat, unyielding tone made it obvious that this point was not up for discussion. “Florence said it might even be a psychological trick. Trying to freak us out, keep us up all night.”

Malina scoured the land around them. The viceroy’s home sat at the top of the hill, and from where Malina and Clint stood, they could see the scattered rows of neighboring houses, the thick treeline beyond them. She saw the figure first. Pointed it out with the muzzle of her rifle.

“Look,” she murmured.

Clint inclined his stare south, and then he saw it too. The dark outline of a person on the other side of the houses, breaking out of the trees. They ran stumbling and falling, catching themselves and pushing up to their feet once more. The person kept glancing over their shoulder as they ran and fell, ran and fell. A dark trail spattered the snow behind them.

Another shot chased them out of the woods.

“Who the fuck are they attacking?” she murmured, half to herself.

Clint couldn’t explain himself. He hurled his shotgun over his shoulder and bolted for the stable.

“What are you *doing?*” she yelled after him.

“Helping!” he called back over his shoulder.

“*Helping?*” Malina ran after him. She grabbed his elbow and wrenched him around to face her just as he kicked open the stable door. The stable boy, who was curled up on a pile of hay nearest the door, woke with a shrieking start when he saw them. Malina barely registered his existence. She spat, “That’s either some useless fucking villager, or it’s one of Atlas’s people. Neither of them are worth risking your life for.”

Clint pressed his lips together in a thin line. He grabbed a bridle off the wall and hurried over to the horse he had ridden earlier that day. There was no time to be faintly nervous of just how huge an animal she really was. He slipped the bit into her mouth, buckled the thing over her head.

“Hey,” the boy called, pushing himself up out of the pile of hay. “What are you doing? She’s been riding all day, and she’s not even warmed up.”

Clint leapt up onto the horses back and nudged her sides with his heels.

“This is insane,” Malina said, her tone getting desperate. It was strange, seeing her frightened. “You’re going to let yourself and your girlfriend die because, what… a total stranger?”

If the stable hand wasn’t there ranting about the horse, Clint would have told Malina exactly what he was thinking.

Instead he only held up five fingers and pointed to the stable door. Hoped she would understand.

And then he kicked the horse into a trot and left her there, seething and shrieking after him.
***
 || 
***
Total word count is 101k so far. WE'RE OFFICIALLY IN SIX DIGITS! :D 
***
Atlas was nothing like Clint had expected. He was an inch or two shorter than Florence and was bright-eyed, cheery. He did not look like the sort of person who would hunt someone down and murder them. But Clint kept reminding himself that was exactly the sort of man he was.

Atlas had leapt out of his chair when they entered the room. He did not seem afraid of the guns. Barely even glanced at them. He shook everyone’s hands enthusiastically and greeted them like they were old friends. He turned to gesture to the Erwulf and Eram, viceroy and aide, and said, “These gentlemen were just giving me a riveting history of the estate and the town’s dragon problem.” He lowered his voice, as if he did not want the servants to overhear.

Florence offered Erwulf a prim smile. “Would you mind *terribly* if we spoke to our companion for a moment in private? It’s been such a long journey, and we have so much to discuss.”

Erwulf stood chuckling. “Of course I can evacuate my own home.” He winked at Atlas and patted Florence’s shoulder derisively when he passed. 

The moment that the two men had gone down the hall, Atlas’s smile vanished. His look settled darkly on the rifle on Florence’s back.

“If you shoot me,” he said, “they’ll just kill you.”

Florence smirked. “What? Are you scared that I will?”

“I would have left with them if I believed you would try.” He flicked his eyes over Malina and Clint and said, “So this is your new crew, then. That’s quaint.”

“Where is everyone?” Florence said, as if she and Atlas were still on the same team.

He snorted. “Fuck if I’m telling you.”

“Why are you even here, you little shit?” Malina heaved her rifle off her shoulder and held it with both hands, scowling at him.

“Easy there.” Atlas raised his hands and gestured down at himself. He too had been given clothes to change into, a homespun tunic and grey breeches. “I’m clearly not carrying.”

Suddenly, Clint found himself relieved that Daphne had stayed behind after all. He swallowed hard and said, “Why are you here?”

“I’m not saying a word until you get that gun off me.” His stare did not waver from Malina’s.

Slowly, almost regretfully, Malina let her gun dip down. But she did not put it away.

“Right. Thanks.”

Clint couldn’t quite place that accent. Faintly British. Rachel would have giggled at him for his bad geography right about now. She had an ear for regionalisms. He nearly grinned like an idiot at the thought of it; damn her quirks, now of all times. 

Now Atlas regarded Clint with a perfectly pleasant smile. He turned his chair away from the fire and plopped down into it. “Truthfully,” he said, elbows on knees, so charismatic Clint found himself weirdly annoyed, “I’m scouting, really. And I felt like saying hello to Florence’s lovely new friends.” He frowned at her. “Awfully impolite of you not to introduce me, by the way.”

“Don’t try to be cute,” Florence spat.

“You can fuck right off. I don’t have to *try* to be cute.” He grinned at her like this was some kind of inside joke.

Florence did not smile back.

“Scouting,” Clint repeated. 

Malina stewed, her face like the low rumble of faraway thunder.

“Well, sure. I don’t want to storm a village without knowing what it looks like first.” Atlas laughed, lightly. When Florence’s scowl deepened, he put up his hands in self defense. “That was hypothetical, Flo. I was joking. I forget that I have to append sarcasm warnings to things for you.”

“Sure.”

Malina said, “Where are your boys hiding out?”

“You know that’s sexist, really. We’ve got lots of girls too.” He caught the hot needle of Florence’s stare and amended, “Women! Don’t even start. Jesus, you’re sensitive.” 

“You’re aware you’ve intentionally putting yourself in danger here.” Malina’s stare flicked down to the gun she still held. “It would take me three seconds to kill you.”

Atlas chuckled. He stood, hands in his pockets, regarding them all with an easy smile. “You won’t try anything on me. You’re three against, oh.” He wavered his hand back and forth. “Thirty or so. Sure, most of them are servants, but you seem like the kind of feel-good bastards who hate killing the innocent, even in a game full of dead people. And then when the villagers hear the commotion, you *know* they’ll want to come help, and after you’ve slaughtered them all, the fight isn’t quite done, because lovely Erwulf—” Atlas gestured toward the dark hallway beyond the viceroy had disappeared down “—has a signal tower to warn the four neighboring villages to send help because they are under attack.” He looked them over. “And you’ve got maybe sixty bullets between you, if you’re lucky. So no. I don’t think you’re going to shoot me.”

Clint let that sentence trickle through his mind like slow-falling dominoes. Of course, if worst came to it, Daphne could convince Sige and Leada to help, if they heard gunshots. But who was to say how long that would take the dragon riders, how many bullets they’d spend in the process, how many people would die… 

Florence pulled back her cloak to gesture to the knife hanging from her waist. Clint tried not to look too surprised she even had it. It was a dark metal, wickedly sharp. “I could kill you silently, boy.”

“Man,” he corrected her with another sly smile.

Despite himself, Clint gave a low snort that would have been a real laugh if Malina didn’t give him a stare that could strangle. 

Atlas pointed at Clint and said, “Ha! See, he thinks I’m funny.” He threw an arm around Clint's neck and leaned in close to murmur, “Are you the one who left all that blood on the train tracks?”

Clint couldn’t help instinctively touching the thick scab on the back of his head. He shrugged away from Atlas's touch.

But before he could answer, Florence said, “I think it would be best if you left. Tonight.”

“How generous of you. I think I’d like a warm night in, to be honest.” He gestured toward the fire. “We could sit down, have a nice cup of tea, and chat about what’s brought us both here.”

Florence’s lip curled in an unmistakable growl. “I think you can fill it in well enough yourself.”

“How did *you* end up getting down that bloody big cliff, anyway?” He grinned. “I’m tired of falling into levels. I hope he’s got better ideas coming up.”

Malina threw her rifle over one shoulder and growled, “This is stupid. I’m not going to stand around here chasing words with this fuckin’ dickhead.” 

Atlas clutched his chest. “I’m wounded.” And then he stood and retrieved his cloak from the coat stand in the corner of the room. For half a moment, Clint expected him to unload a hidden handgun from it and do exactly what he’d just bluffed them out of trying themselves. But he simply looped the cloak over his shoulders. “I can tell well enough when I’m not wanted. I’ll go sleep out there in the cold and the snow, if that’s really what you want.”

“I’d prefer if something big ate you as well,” Florence returned.

Atlas punched her shoulder amiably as he passed between her and Malina. “You stay out of trouble, sweetheart.” Then he paused there, only inches from Florence, smiling at her. “Hey, have you got any tips for the way forward yet?”

Florence gripped the handle of her knife and leaned toward him, lip curled. “Get out of here before I rethink killing you.”

Atlas put up his hands in mock surrender. “I told you I’m leaving. My goodness.” He grinned at Florence, playfully. “I look forward to running into you again soon.”

And then he was gone, down the dark hall, back into the frozen night.

Malina punched her own thigh and nearly threw down her gun in frustration. “I fucking *hate* that guy.”

“Who doesn’t?” Florence muttered back. She wrenched Atlas’s chair back toward the fire and settled down in it to stew.

Clint looked at the doorway leading to the hall, lit only by a few candles on the hall table. Wondered if Atlas had really left. He murmured, voice low, “You should have talked to him, Florence. You could have gotten information.”

“No. I would have gotten stabbed in the gut.” She did not look away from the fire. Her stare looked tired, and empty. “I could use a good cup of tea, though.”

Outside, the wind battered at the walls, and their enemy waited, somewhere in the darkness.
***
 || 

The door at the top of the stairs let out to a tower high over the rest of the viceroy’s home, stretched upwards like an eagle's nest into the air. The platform was narrow and contained only a fire pit full of birch and hay, fire-hungry things. A fierce burn had already spread, and Florence was beating her cloak against it, spitting curses, trying to stop it from spreading. But she seemed to be only feeding the flames. 

Eram’s corpse lay atop the fire. The air reeked of burning fat, the smell unsettlingly close to the reek of burnt pork. His skin blackened and peeled to reveal white bone.

“This fucker,” Florence shrieked at the two of them, “is going to ruin *everything*.”

“No,” Clint insisted. “No, he’s not.”

“Now every backwards villager is going to come storming up here—”

“We have to run,” Malina said. “It’s as simple as that.”

“We can’t.” Clint scowled between the both of them. “We’re not fucking leaving Daphne, and Boots is down there trying not to bleed out.”

Florence blinked at him in disbelief. “Did you just say *Boots?*” 

“What the hell kind of name is Boots,” Malina muttered, more indignation than question.

“He’s one of the little shits who betrayed me with Atlas.” Florence threw her cloak down and stormed toward the stairs like she had forgotten the pyre, the army that it was sure to summon. It wouldn’t be much of an army this far north, but more than the four of them could handle on their own. 

“He needs help,” Clint said.

“Oh, I’ll help him. I’ll make sure he finishes bleeding out.” Florence gripped the blade at her side tightly.

Clint caught her by her elbow. “You don’t understand. Atlas tried to kill him.”

“You mean the traitor betrayed someone again? That is so crazy that he’s following an established pattern of behavior.”

“We need a fifth guy,” Clint insisted, his scowl darkening at the sarcasm. “And I can’t think of anyone we can better trust to hate Atlas even half as much as you do.”

Florence narrowed her eyes at him. “Do I need to repeat the part where I said he lied to and betrayed me? He tried to kill me with the rest of them.”

“You have to let that shit be bygones,” Clint tried.

Malina and Florence both scoffed at him.

“Look,” he said, “we’re not going to get that fire to go out before someone sees it. Right? And we’re not about to find anyone else to join us, unless one of you wants to skip down into the fucking woods and try to talk to Atlas yourselves.” Malina rolled her eyes, instantly, and Clint snapped his fingers and pointed at her. “Exactly. Because none of us has a fucking death wish.” He looked nervously between them all. “If we want to win, we need a fifth person in the next level. So we need to keep him—” he pointed at the floor, which he hoped would translate well enough to downstairs “—alive and get him strong enough to fight in the next level.”

“Maybe we should just make for the mountains,” Malina said, exchanging worried glances with the both of them. “The dragon riders must have noticed the smoke by now.”

“It’s too cold to go at night,” Clint started. “If something happened we’d just die of hypothermia.”

They stood there beside the licking signal fire, lips pursed, waiting for someone else to make the first move. 

Finally Florence said, “I guess we’d better go check on that fuckin’ dick, then.”

They stormed down the stairs. Florence meted out jobs for everyone as they pelted down the stairs. “I’ll go with Clint and see Boots. See what the hell is going on.” She passed Clint a sharp look, as if he should have known better than saving one of Atlas’s boys. “Mal, can you start throwing our shit together?”

“At least someone’s here to carry Daphne’s bag,” Malina said.

Clint wavered his hand uncertainly. “Well. He got shot. He’s working on standing up.”

Malina rolled her eyes. “Oh, great fifth person, bud.”

Clint started to argue back, but Florence interrupted him with, “We’re not fixing anything standing around here and bitching. *Walk* and bitch.”

So they pressed forward, Clint and Malina bickering back and forth about the relative wisdom of risking everything to ride out and rescue Boots. 

Their rooms were all in the same hall on the second floor of the viceroy’s home. 

“None of this would have happened,” Malina said as she wrenched open her door, “if you hadn’t gone out after him.”

“Yeah, and we’d have no plan for getting to the fifth level without him too. So, you know.” Clint banged open his own door, didn’t bother muting his scowl. “You’re fucking welcome.”

Malina sneered at him and disappeared into her room.

Irritation was thick and sharp in Clint’s belly. He could have stood there arguing with Malina for hours, if the smoke wasn’t so thick it made his eyes burn and kept his head grounded. There was no time to debate it.

He pawed through his backpack blindly for a few minutes, forgetting what he was even looking for. Part of him wondered in bleak resignation if this was simply how his brain *worked* now. He’d heard of trauma-induced ADHD, amnesia… mostly when his mother was trying to scare him out of trying out for football in high school. It wasn’t impossible. But he shook those fears away for when he had the time to let them petrify him.

When he found all the bandages and pain pills his bag had to offer, he carried those in one hand, threw the pack over his shoulder, and bounded down the hall, back down the narrow stairway leading to the sitting room. Boots was sitting up now, grimacing in one of the chairs as if sitting up proved that he was fine. Florence knelt on the floor in front of him, face twisted like a growl, pouring whiskey out onto a wad of gauze. 

Florence nodded at his sweater. “Pull it up.”

“I think you’re doing this to hurt me,” Boots muttered, but he complied. 

“Oh, if I wanted to hurt you, you’d know it.” She pressed the bandage down against his wound.

Boots clenched his teeth and seethed hard. He clenched the seat of his chair with both hands. Clint only recognized, “Fucking shit,” before the rest of his curses fell out of English entirely.

“Don’t just stand there staring. Help me.” 

Clint realized Florence had set her glare on him now. He crouched down beside her and helped spool a length of bandage around Boots’s chest. 

“I thought you will be excited to see me,” Boots said in nearly a pout. 

“If I remember correctly, you did not raise your hand when Atlas was asking who was still on my side.”

Boots scoffed and said as if it should be obvious, “I do not want to die. I do not do things that invite death.”

“So how did this shit happen, then?” Florence punched his bandage, just hard enough to make Boots gasp.

“Oh, you know, I shoot myself, play bait, just to trick you. It’s all part of Atlas’s next *brilliant* plan.”

For an instance, half a grin tugged at Florence’s mouth. But she turned it into a sneer and said, “If you’re not going to give me a serious answer, I don’t know how you can expect me to magically trust you.”

Boots pulled himself up to his full height in his chair, swelling himself up like he meant to leap out of his chair and tackle Florence right there. “You think you can’t *trust* me?”

“Death found Atlas too. You'd know that if you fucking listened to me before,” Clint said, as Florence got to her feet, fist around her knife hilt. “He did the math and decided he’d make them fight for the top ten slots. Boots refused to play, and he got shot running away.”

“Why would anyone even go along with that?” 

Clint turned to see Malina in the doorway, depositing her and Daphne’s bags on the ground beside her. She tilted her chin toward Boots in greeting. “Hey,” she said. “Heard you got shot.”

“It’s fine, really,” Boots muttered. He tried to push himself up and sank back down into his chair again. “I smell smoke.”

“That’s the signal tower.” Florence sighed and gripped her hair. “Couldn’t beat the last fucker there.”

“Hm.” Boots chewed at his thumbnail. “How many are coming?”

Malina ran her thumb nervously on the underside of her rifle strap. “More than us. More than Atlas has got.” 

“He should have waited,” Clint said. “To do that insane game.”

Everyone looked at him, questioningly.

“Because he’s assuming none of his guys are going to die.”

“Or he’s going to try to ambush us.” Florence paced toward the door, like she wanted to run out to the nearest window.

“Or he’s going to let the game kill us.”

The sound of boots on the front step answered that question for them.

“Damn,” Florence said, her laugh bitter and dry as the smoke clouding the air. She flipped her rifle into her hands. “We should have bet on it. I love winning bets.”
***
 |New here? Here's .

 | 
***
Clint lay that night among sleeping dragons. 

It was not the hard stone floor that kept him awake, nor the haze of smoke from the restless fire that left him faintly and constantly dizzy. The air itself trembled and hummed as the dragons snored deep in the tunnels below them. When the great beasts turned in their sleep, their bodies made the earth tremble. He lay there with vague terror for hours, listening. Every once in a while he would rise to go to Boots’s side, where he lay bundled up in all the blankets the dragon riders could spare. He was frighteningly pale and turned and murmured in his sleep, but he was alive, at least. When Clint peeled back his blankets, he saw no blood seeping through, so he could only guess the man would be fine.

At one point, when the night began to meet morning, one of the beasts came clawing out and crept through the slumbering humans as if on tiptoe. Its immense clawed wings reached for the cave opening and it vaulted out for the coming dawn.

It did not take long for the other dragons to follow.

He burrowed under his blanket until only his eyes could be seen. Then Clint watched, unmoving, as the dragons slunk past the humans, their claws whispering along the rock floor. The humans barely stirred. Clint saw Sige lift his head up, annoyed, and scowl at the dragon foot inches from his bed before turning over once more. 

Seven dragons. Huge as ships, full of a strange and impossible fire that warmed the cave air long after they left it. Clint rolled upright in his makeshift bed—a couple layers of cloaks, his trusty hoodie for a pillow—and stared out at the cave’s immense opening. A part of him missed it, somehow. That feeling of smallness, unmagnificence.

Daphne whispered from beside him, “They’re incredible, aren’t they?”

The four of them had fallen asleep in a row. Malina and Florence were still dead to the world, laying together like kittens. Malina had curled up against the small of Florence’s back and lay sprawled across both their beds. 

Daphne’s blue eyes were rimmed in darkness, and Clint wondered how much of the night she had spent only a foot away from him, rolled over, pretending to sleep. 

“They’re scary as shit,” he replied, surprised by his honesty. 

“Formidable is the word you want.”

Clint settled his head back on his hoodie and smiled. “You’re right. It is.”

Their voices were soft as dripping water. Barely audible over the crackle of the fire.

Clint told her how Death had found them on the road. Her eyes went huge. She rolled onto her back to stare up a the cave ceiling.

“Why would he do that?” she murmured, brow furrowed.

“It’s his game. He can make up whatever rules he likes.”

“No. I don’t think it’s arbitrary or random. I think he wanted to keep things shaken up.”

Clint frowned at her. “What do you mean?”

“I mean, we weren’t going to change teams if he did nothing. It would have just been Atlas’s big group against the four of us. He’d recruit or kill anyone else who came after him, realistically.” She shrugged. “It sounds like he just thought we were getting boring.”

Clint’s belly turned at that. It made sense, of course. Death would want them constantly at the edge of total annihilation. Perhaps that was the way Death won: devising the most elaborate ways to convince them to murder each other.

The anxiety of that made his stomach swell and spin, filled him with the insane urge to run, as if he could avoid it all by finding a deep enough hole to hide in. But he stifled that instinct and pushed himself up out of bed. “Going to check on Boots,” he whispered to Daphne.

Boots was half-awake and gazing deliriously into the fire. His cheeks had some color back, faintly, and when he saw Clint his eyes fluttered open the rest of the way and he croaked, “Khi. *Khi*.” When Clint just stared at him he said, “Sorry, water. Sometimes I do not think about words.”

Clint hurried over to his pack to grab the water-skin the dragon riders had filled with melted snow for him. 

Boots sat upright, squinting and wild-haired. He had lifted up his sweater and was carefully unspooling the bandage from about his middle.

“Do you have more this?” He peeled off his saturated gauze and held it up. 

Clint tried to hide his grimace at the yellow and red gore dried on the gauze. He only nodded and retreated to his backpack. Florence had divided up the medical supplies between them all, so that they would still have something, if anything happened to any of them. Clint returned to Boots’s side with the fresh gauze and a bottle of painkillers. 

Boots glanced at the bottle of opiates and tossed them back at Clint. “Keep your poison,” he said.

“It’s just a game. I think they make you heal faster.”

“No. They make you feel nothing. Make you hurt easier. Is not same thing.” 

Clint frowned down at the pill bottle, then shrugged and slipped it back into his pocket. He settled down on the earth beside Boots and watched as Boots ripped open the package of gauze and placed the fresh wad of cloth over the puckering wound in his side. The hole was half-scabbed over, the coagulated blood black and brittle. When he moved the scab tore open, and red trails crept down Boots’s abdomen.

“Pain in my fucking ass,” Boots muttered to himself. He pressed the gauze down hard, wincing.

Clint helped him wrap the bandage tightly back around his middle. He fought down the immediate guilt for the way Boots squeezed his eyes shut in obvious pain.

Boots seethed through his teeth, but he did not make a sound. He stayed upright, swaying, as if he was trying to prove something. Scowled down at his belly like the bullet trapped in his flesh was only a moderate inconvenience.

Part of Clint wanted to slink back to his bed and try to sleep before morning came. But he stayed there beside Boots and watched the fire make shadows on the walls. He asked, “What did you do, before all this?”

Boots gave him a quizzical stare. “What?”

“Before you died. What was your job?”

“I work on power lines.” Boots made a zapping noise between his teeth. “You understand?”

“Yeah, electric work.” Clint glanced around to see if their conversation was making anyone stir. “How’d you learn how to shoot like that?”

Boots shrugged. “Not from power lines.”

Clint waited, but he didn’t offer any different answer than that. Boots just sipped his water slowly and did not so much as look sideways at Clint. And Clint realized that he wasn’t going to get a straight answer out of the man any time soon, that if he kept trying to pry, Boots would snap shut like a clam.

Finally he said, “Your English is a lot better than my Russian.”

“I speak mostly Chechen. Russian is… eh, pretty okay.” Boots wavered his hand uncertainly. “I know a little bit English before I die. This helps.”

Clint tried to imagine what that must have felt like waking up in the afterlife, barely able to understand the people speaking around him. He wondered if Death spoke any language he pleased or if Boots just sat there, bewildered, trying to grasp the unfamiliar phonetics alongside the unreality of death.

But he only said, “Well, you’ve figured the swearing out, at least.”

Boots laughed quietly. He said, “When will we go?”

“Go?” Clint stared at him in confusion for a few moments. “We have to help them fight.”

“I will not die for them.” For a moment, the man’s look darkened into a scowl.

Clint wondered who he was here for. He recognized that look at least. The furrow of Boots’s brow was full of all the unspeakable rage Clint knew because he had it too, somewhere deep in his own belly. It stirred every time he imagined Rachel’s high larking laughing or the way she would have stared at his gun in a mixture of fear and horror.  Or perhaps he was imagining it all wrong. Perhaps, if their roles were reversed, she would have been like Florence, would have shot her way through anything to get him back, while he just lay there, trying not to die.

The idea of it made him shiver, hard.

Clint said, “I’m not asking you to. But we’re going to have a hard time making it ten miles to the level exit without their help. And if we have to help them first…” He shrugged. “Then it’s what we have to do.”

Boots’s stare flicked over the embers. He said nothing more, only offered Clint his water skin back.

“I don’t like it either. If it helps.”

“Not really.” Boots scoffed and laughed. “But what is that thing you all say?” He waved his hand like he was trying to summon the words out of the air. “Is what is.”

“It is what it is,” Clint agreed with a dark laugh.
***
 || 
***
Thank you for your incredible patience. I really REALLY needed a mental health day yesterday, hence the lack of a chapter. If the weekend is kind enough to me I'll try to post 71 tomorrow or Sunday <3
***
 
Boots stayed behind in dragon’s den with the youngest of the dragon riders, the teenage girl who could only be a few years older than Daphne. Sige spoke to her in a low stern voice, his tone strained and barbed. She did not look him in the eye when he spoke to her. She just glared at the floor, hard.

Clint had given Sige a long, questioning look when the man turned toward him. The rider only scoffed and told him, “She’s pouting. Children pout.” And then he went out to meet his dragon on the side of the mountain.

The girl scowled at them all as they went. Her face kept floating up in Clint’s mind well after the dragon riders deposited them at the foot of the mountain and took off once more for the sky.

The air was clearer off the mountain, but Clint couldn’t shake his anxiety as he picked through the woods with the rifle slung over his shoulder, Florence ahead of him, Malina and Daphne trailing behind. Malina’s head turned in a perpetual sweeping arc forward and backward, her brow furrowed with silent and obvious worry. She did not like this any more than he did.

“Why would he even ask us to do this?” Malina growled, not for the first time since the dragon riders deposited them at the foot of the mountain. The trees around them were so silent and still that Clint had to keep reminding himself over and over that there really was a wall of armed strangers marching toward them at that very moment. That they were mere hours from stumbling upon Erwulf and Eram and the whole house ten hours dead. 

Clint tried not to imagine how the viceroy’s manor must look in the day. He rubbed hard at his eyes.

“The better question is why the fuck Daphne told them about the guns.” Florence’s stare drilled into the girl, who scowled back at her, cheeks bright pink with cold and indignation. “Yeah, I’m talking about you. You’d better have a good goddamn reason for making us end up out here, wasting our ammunition and risking everyone’s lives.”

For a moment, Clint thought Daphne might start crying. But the girl tightened her jaw and returned, darkly, “They heard guns going off last night. They thought it might be some new weapon designed to kill their dragons. Their plan was just to sit here and wait until morning to investigate. So, yeah, I told them about the guns. I hope that’s okay with you.”

Florence held Daphne’s stare for a long few seconds before she kicked the nearest tree and growled to herself, “I fucking hate Atlas.”

Malina rolled her eyes. “Yeah. Duh. Everyone knows.”

Clint hid his smile. There was a hint of her lost son in that sentiment, as if she was repeating some sass she’d heard dozens and dozens of times. He didn’t dare ask. Knew better than to bring it up without her mentioning him first.

They cut through the wood to descend the mountain, following the trail of smoke still rising in the direction of the viceroy’s home. The dragon riders had fitted them with woven willow snowshoes strapped to their feet with long leather cords. The snowshoes let them dust along the top of the earth like the little white hares that zipped past now and again. Clint’s thighs and knees ached from the downward slope, the endless walking. But at least the shotgun on his shoulder was lighter than Boots had been.

“Why is it still burning?” Florence said.

Clint shrugged. “Fire might have spread to the building.”

“Good riddance,” Malina muttered.

They all quieted at the sound of something else snapping and stamping through the woods. The group froze in a line. They drew their guns and surveyed the surrounding trees tensely, until at last Florence pointed her muzzle south and muttered, “Just an elk.”

Clint followed the line of her gun and saw the huge animal moving among the trees. It seemed almost childishly small when he thought of the dragons arcing somewhere overhead.

But it sobered and silenced them all. They spent the rest of the careful hike down through the forest in perfect silence.

They stopped when the treeline came into view, where the forest gave way to the town. Just beyond the trees Clint could see the slanting, low-slung homes that sat on the hill overlooking the viceroy’s home. If they emerged and stood among those wilting houses, they could see the town open up below them, see the solitary mountain road snake through it. The men marching along it.

 Florence held up one hand wordlessly to tell them all to stop. But no one needed to be warned. Even though they were still a good twenty-minute walk from where the dragon riders would soon attack, none of them dared be the first to go closer.

“Sige said it would only be villagers.” Daphne couldn’t hide the fluttering fear in her voice. Her words plumed all around them. “It will take another day or two at least for the king’s army to get here.”

“Right. Theoretically.” A small shower of disturbed snow followed the voice overhead.

All four of them snapped their heads upward. 

Virgil sat on one of the boughs high above them, feet dangling. He smirked down at them.

“It’s a terrible morning, isn’t it?” He looked around and shivered into his cloak. “It’s freezing, and there are dead people everywhere.”

Malina hissed at him, “Keep your voice down.”

“I’ll give you a free hint. No one’s nearby to overhear us.” Virgil stepped onto the air itself and sauntered down to meet them. He stood on top of the snow as if he were weightless, just a figment of light and air.

Florence just palmed her forehead and sighed at him. “What is it now?”

“Oh, if you’re going to be pissy about help I’ll leave, then.”

“This is where Clint gets all entreating and asks to you to stay,” Daphne muttered just as Clint opened his mouth to tell Virgil to come back. 

Clint couldn’t hide his smile. “Am I that predictable?”

Daphne gave him a sideways grin. “Virgil just does a lot of tantrums, I think.”

Virgil started cackling at that. “I stand by my choice. You’re still my favorite. Haven’t met your new guy yet, though. Might be subject to change.” He surveyed their guns, the leather armor the dragon riders had to spare. It was old and worn but better than nothing at all. “Where are you all off to?”

“I don’t want to play this stupid game.” Malina put her hands on her hips. “You know exactly where we’re going.”

“Well, I’d hope the four of you aren't marching off to face a hundred swords all on your lonesome.”

“We’re not alone.” Daphne nodded upward. The sky looked empty and blue, but they all knew death waited somewhere overhead, winged and clawed and ready to rain fire upon the king’s villagers.

Virgil snorted. “Yeah, you went that plot line. That will be interesting for you.”

Florence hooked her thumb into her rifle strap. “Are you here to help or to bother us?”

“I’m building anticipation. Part of the job.” He gave her an innocent childish smile, and for a moment Clint had to remind himself that Virgil was far, far older than he looked. “And I’m here with a warning about your plan.”

The four stared back at him in nervous silence.

Virgil said, “You should know I am not the only one in this game who can make things appear when I need them.”

For a long few seconds, Clint could only hear faraway snow slipping from the branches. He said when no one else spoke, “Okay, but what the hell does that mean?”

The guide pressed his fingers to his lips and gave them a wicked smile. “That’s for you to figure out.” He gave them all a cheery wave and said, “Be careful. I want to see you again soon.” And then he swished his cloak around himself and disappeared.

Clint looked between his friends. Uncertainty and anxiety buzzed in the air.

“We have to keep going,” Daphne said, when no one else spoke. “We have to help them, or they’re not going to show us how to get to the next level.”

“Maybe we don’t need them,” Florence muttered.

“We’re not leaving Boots on top of a mountain,” Clint said.

Malina kicked at the snow. “God, fucking Boots.”

A shadow passed over them all, and another. 

Clint looked up to see the dragons arcing overhead.

It was time. The fight had come to them at last, whether they liked it or not.
***
 || 
***
Patreon's chapter will be up tonight. My day job has utterly fucking gutted my brain. Sorry for the delay, but I know you guys prefer good words to timely words <3
***
That morning, as the riders roused with yawns and growls and empty stomachs. Clint spent most of the morning outside wrapped in his cloak, staring down the mountain at Atyn below. The signal fire had worn down, and he could see its innocuous black speck there on the top of the viceroy’s home. From this high up, Clint could see the door hanging open like a tiny toy house.

But whatever army the north could offer had not come yet. The road was empty and silent, and the snow came down in frail flakes. 

The dragons returned just as the sun began to creep over the top of the mountain. Clint cupped his palm over his eyes to shield from the sun as he watched them grow impossibly large across the horizon. From faraway, they nearly looked like birds, immense eagles circling over the valley. Clint hurried out of the way of the cave opening as the dragons flew in one by one, most of their landings graceful. Though Sige’s dragon did skid and nearly fall and seemed to glance around with a near-human sense of furtive embarrassment before slinking into the cave.

When all seven had returned, smelling of pine, blood, smoke, Clint finally retreated back inside. His fingers ached nearly as much as his toes.

He announced to his friends, “No sign of the army yet.”

Sige laughed into his bowl of what looked like oatmeal and leftover meat. He said, “We will do a real search soon enough.” He nodded his head toward the caves. “They have done their eating, and now we must do ours.”

Clint tried not to look irritated at the rider’s dismissive tone. He let his angry belly lead him back to the fire, where the dragon riders and his friends huddled in various states of wakefulness. Everyone looked haggard, bedheaded, empty as an old bag. But one of riders stirred something warm over the fire, something that smelled of rosemary. It made Clint maddeningly dizzy.

He slumped down on the bench between Boots and Daphne. Malina and Florence both looked like their eyes were still half-glued shut with sleep. Their wild curly hair made them look so similar for a moment that Clint would have believed they were sisters. 

The rider who stood over the pot, a girl who could only be a few years older than Daphne, slopped some of the oatmeal mash into bowls and handed one to Clint, gruffly. She did not return his smile. 

Florence looked anxiously at the cave opening, as if she was watching the second tick by agonizingly slowly, every one just another piece of lost time. She said, “So, we’d better get on our way soon. Before we lose too much daylight.”

“You will not go anywhere until you help us.” Sige smiled over the lip of his bowl, but it did not blunt the edge of a threat hidden in his words. 

Malina raised her eyebrows. “That didn’t sound friendly.”

The air seemed to thicken, instantly, as if it too was holding its breath to see what Sige would say.

But the dragon rider only laughed and said, “You are free to start climbing down the mountain, lady.”

“Of course we’ll help you. We’re all just anxious to get to the river.” Daphne looked at Malina with a sharpness Clint had never seen from her. He felt a weird tinge of pride, seeing her tell Malina to back off. Daphne put her elbows on her knees and cupped her chin in her palms as she leaned forward, giving Sige a bright and earnest smile. “But you’ll tell us how to get there.”

The dragon riders stopped eating all at once and stared at her. 

Leada said, derisively, “You cannot go to Paeta. No one enters the Forest of Misfortune without the goddess’s blessing.”

“Is *that* what you meant when you asked yesterday?” Sige’s eyes had the intensity of a burning coal. He set his bowl down on the floor and passed a serious frown between his fellow riders. “That is Hopp’s land. And she is not kind to outsiders.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Malina muttered, mostly to Daphne.

Before the girl could answer, Florence asked Sige, “What do you mean, exactly?”

“Hopp is the lord of fate and chance. She is the daughter of night and mother of dawn.” Sige made a circular motion across his chest and his comrades repeated him solemnly. “Only the faithful may enter her wood.”

“Then it sounds like we need your help,” Florence said.

“I know woods,” Boots muttered, so softly that no one but Clint even looked at him. “I am not scared by little god.”

The dragon riders fell to murmuring amongst themselves, half in their own language. Sige and Leada occasionally made them pause so that they could pass translations along to Clint and his friends. But Clint still only understood bits of it: they had to scout, see how close the neighboring reinforcements could possibly be; had to find more food; five extra mouths was a bigger drain than anyone anticipated, especially in the dead of winter…

But finally the riders quieted, and Sige said, “So, here is the plan.”

“Usually plans require discussion from both parties.” Florence’s smile was crisp and cutting. 

Sige frowned at her, more confused than anything else. “You do not know this land. You have nothing to offer us but magic death.” He gestured toward the guns lying with their backpacks and makeshift beds. “We will tell you what is happening, and if you want to find this river, you will do it. Yes?”

For a long moment, no one but the fire spoke.

Finally Clint said, “I mean, when you put it that way… yeah.”

That seemed to satisfy Sige. When he finished his bowl he wandered over to the boxes of gear lined up haphazardly along a wall. He took a huge saddle out of the crate, nearly as long as he was tall, and heaved it over his shoulder. The lower belt that went around the dragon was so long that Sige had to loop it four times over his shoulder to keep it from dragging across the ground. Then the rider disappeared into one of the deep black tunnels. His whistles echoed back out of the darkness. He clicked his tongue, like he was calling a dog. “Kali,” he said, and then the rest of his words were foreign, incomprehensible.

When the dragon emerged again, the saddle was fastened around her immense ribs. Sige sat atop her, looking as happy as a child.

He hollered a word at his fellow riders that could only be some sort of goodbye in their language, because they whooped it back.

With a scrabble of claw on rock, Sige and his dragon climbed out of the cave, into the open air.

***

The rider returned with news that weighed like stones in Clint’s belly.

The army was only two or three miles south of Atyn. They would be here within a matter of hours. Although army seemed to be a strong word for the ragtag bunch of men plodding up the road. The king had no true army in the north, and only the villagers of the neighboring towns were there to rise up and defend their homes.

Sige stood  breathless and pink-cheeked before the fire as he explained the plan to everyone. “We will attack from the sky, and you—” he pointed to Clint, Daphne, Malina, Florence “—will come from the earth. You will use those fire sticks and pick off the survivors.”

“*Why?* Those aren’t the king’s men.” Malina’s exhaustion and indignation twisted her face into a scowl. “Those are just people.”

Leada matched Malina’s look with an equally dark frown of her own. “They have allied themselves with the king. They have chosen their own side.”

Clint wanted to pursue that argument. Wanted to demand logic out of them, why they would murder a few hundred innocents to make a point to a man halfway across the world.

But by the glares the riders gave Malina, they weren’t interested in logic. They had a blood feud, one that could only be calmed with more blood.

Daphne stood up from her spot and slapped her hands against her thighs. “Well,” she said, “we’d better get going, then.”
***
 || 
***
Florence appeared instantly at Clint’s elbow. The low bluish glow of the guns lit the furrows of her face as she grinned, slowly. She gave him a fierce one-armed hug and whispered, “Good fucking find,” as she shook him. She let him go and cast her stare around the room. Looked back at him again, her silent question obvious in her eyes.

“You unpack. I’ll keep looking.”

Florence had to know something was up by the third crate. She watched as Clint wandered from box to box, trailing his hand along it. But she seemed to know better than to ask him aloud. 

And anyway, she didn’t complain about what Virgil turned up for them. 

Florence ripped open the crates Clint pointed out as he hurried through the stacks of boxes. Virgil only pointed out a handful of them. Six crates, and the only thing resembling a medkit they found was a package of gauze, a couple bottles of vodka, and a sewing set. The rest of it was useful: heavy space suits and helmets; plasma guns (three rifles and a pair of handguns) with huge magazines of bright green heat; unused lab coats; rubber gloves; utility knives; hammers; a few coils of rope.

Malina picked through it, collected what she could use. She grabbed three of the suits and brought them back with her. Started easing Daphne’s legs into hers for her. 

Daphne tried to sit up, and Clint’s belly turned at the pool of blood under her back. He saw it for only a moment before Malina leaned forward to ease her back down to the ground. 

Clint ripped open the final crate. A heavy thing, heavier than it looked. He and Florence had to work together just to get the damn thing off its stack. He hoped with everything he had that it was full of opiates. But inside he only found boxes and boxes of paperwork.

“Fuck,” he hissed through his teeth. He tapped the mouse’s belly through his sleeve. It was a good enough code; it meant *give me some kind of hint right goddamn now*.

The mouse slipped out of his sleeve.

Florence stared. Her brows raised in recognition. She said, simply, “Oh.”

“Yeah.” Clint nodded, tersely. His glare could have cut right through her. Said everything he wouldn’t dare to speak out loud, not when Death could be listening: *shut the fuck up about it.*

But Florence was smart. She just dipped her head and thumbed through the papers. She half-covered the box with her body and stretched. Her stare traveled in a slow, deliberate arc across the ceiling, and for the first time Clint wondered *how* Death watched them. If there were cameras. If Clint’s own thoughts could betray him.

But before he could let the dread of that swallow him whole, Virgil pushed the corner of a bundle of paper into his hand before it darted up his sleeve once more. 

Clint pulled it out with a handful of other papers. Did his best to look casual as he flipped through. Then he found it: folded rectangle, its corner dented and faintly chewed. He unfolded it.

He stared for a long few seconds, making sense of it. Blueprints for a massive spacecraft, bullet-shaped and many-floored. There was a separate sheet for each of the ship’s levels.

Florence peered over his shoulder. “Oh, fuck,” she murmured. “Is that us?”

Clint dipped his head in a nod. He pulled the sheets apart and handed her half of them. “Start looking for storage rooms,” he muttered.

Florence took the maps without arguing with him.

Daphne was silent and still, but breathing. Malina had shifted her attention, briefly, to Boots. He sat on the floor with his pants rolled up to his knee. A weeping gash opened up his leg from his calf to the bottom of his knee. 

Malina knelt in front of him, a bottle of vodka in hand. She screwed the cap off. “Ready?” she whispered. 

Boots crammed his jacket sleeve in his mouth. He paused, spat it out, and reached out for the vodka himself. He took two deep, long sips before he handed it wincing back to Malina. Then he gagged himself on his own coat, squeezed his eyes shut, and nodded. The moment the alcohol hit his skin he stomped once with his good leg and clamped both hands over his mouth to keep any noise from coming out. 

Together Clint and Florence pored over the maps as quickly as they could.

Malina pulled the sewing kit out and threaded thick black string through the needle. She looked from Daphne and back to Boots. Said, “Your leg probably isn’t going to close on its own. The wound is too big.”

Boots nodded grimly. He held out his hand for the needle. “Let me,” he said. He tipped his head toward Daphne. “You help her.”

Malina hesitated before she nodded. She passed him the vodka and the sewing stuff. “You have to sanitize it,” she started.

He just blinked at her, then suggested, his voice thin and sharp, “Little words,” and muttered something else to himself in Chechen.

“Clean it.” Malina mimed putting the needle into the alcohol. 

Boots dangled the needle and thread into the open mouth of the bottle. He took out his knife sheath and tugged the knife out. Shoved the leather sheath into his mouth. Then, with a wince, he pushed the needle under his own skin.

Clint made himself look away. Half because the very idea of doing that himself made his head spin and ache. Half because he needed to focus. Needed to get hem both somewhere that they could find medicine, recuperate—

Florence shoved a sheet back under his nose and tapped one of the rooms. “Look,” she said. “Third floor.”

He followed the line of her finger. There it was: medical bay. 

Clint stared down at his own map. He had the lowest two decks. There were dozens of storage rooms, and he wasn’t about to go blindly wander the halls playing cartography. But the roar of the ship’s engine seemed loud as hell from in here. It hummed his very bones. They had to be close to an engine room, maintenance, something…

Virgil stirred in his sleeve, nervously, but did not come out. 

Death had to be watching.

Clint slowed his mind, forced it to skim until he found it. There, on the ship’s bottom floor: an engine maintenance access door just down the hall from a large storage room. He tapped it. “We’re here.”

“Shit.” Florence looked between his map and hers. She laughed without warmth. “Daphne is so much better at this.”

He dared a look back over his shoulder, and his heart twisted. Daphne’s eyes were open, but she stared at the ceiling, vacantly. As if she wasn’t quite there. Malina held three fingers in front of her, and Daphne’s lips moved in answer. 

God. There was no more time to waste.

Clint folded up the next floor’s map and shoved it in his pants pocket along with an extra pack of ammunition. He slung his rifle over his back. “There’s a lab on the first floor. We’ll make our way there, look for anything that will help us get to the med bay quicker.” 

Florence ducked her head in a nod and admitted, “I don’t have any better ideas.”

Boots had drunk another quarter of the bottle, and the stitching up his leg was crooked, but he knotted it off anyway and snipped the thread with his knife. He used two precious lengths of gauze to bind a shirt over the top and bottom of his calf. He stood wincing, vaguely swaying, but he did not fall.

Clint looked him over doubtfully. He whispered, to Florence, “He won’t walk for long.”

She snorted. “Try telling him that.” Then she passed Clint one of the handguns and its thin gleaming spare cartridge of plasma. “Give him this. He’s going to stay back and guard them.” She jerked her head toward Daphne and Malina. “Make him feel less like we’re saying he’s too hurt.”

“Yeah. Smart.” Clint pointed at the shit still on the ground. “Pack it up, and I’ll get them going.”

Florence tossed one of the suits at him, then a helmet. “Get dressed. You know they gave us this shit for a reason." Then she turned around and got to work. 

When Clint walked over, Boots was already in one of the space suits. It was black and close-fitting. It was made of panels of thick, hard plastic like armor, flexible but sturdy. He stood with his good leg holding down one of the crate lids. He pried off a bar of wood from it and laid it on the floor with the sharp teeth of the nails pointing down. He stepped on either edge to ease the nails out of the wood. Pried them all the way out with his hand. Then he leaned on it, experimentally: a bit too short, but a good enough crutch in a pinch.

Boots caught Clint staring and scowled at him. “We go or what?”

Clint held out the handgun to him. “Florence and I were talking.”

Boots unscrewed the bottle and took another long drink without breaking Clint’s stare. He didn’t reach for the gun.

Clint bit back the instinct to tell him to stop. “We want you covering the back. Keeping Daph safe.” He couldn't stop glancing at the man's blood-soaked boot.

Boots sighed. He took the plasma gun and shoved it in the waistband of his pants. Muttered, as he followed Clint’s stare, “Is fine.”

“If you say so.” Clint clasped him in a hug that seemed to surprise Boots. He hugged Clint back with one arm, grudgingly. 

“Go. Be ready,” Boots muttered, his ears red. “You waste time.”

Malina already had Daphne off the ground and looped over her shoulders. The girl’s arms hung limply. A thick wad of shirts covered her chest, looped down tightly with the gauze. It bulged under the thick fabric of her spacesuit. 

“We need to go,” Malina hissed to Clint. “*Now*.”

Clint tapped the glass visor of Daphne’s helmet. “You ready to hold on tight?”

Daphne winced at Clint and croaked back, “Just don’t get us lost.”

He grinned. “I’ll try.”
***
  || 

Thank you guys for waiting <3 Yesterday my brain was too fried to be of any use. 
***
Daphne kept crying, senselessly, “They shouldn’t have gone in! They shouldn’t have gone in!” as the dragon fell like a dead thing through the sky. 

But she straightened out her wings and caught herself just before she hit the ground. Scarlet splattered the snow below her, and she bayed so loudly that her pained cries resounded across the mountain. Even from this far away, Clint could hear Sige roaring at her, his voice like deep ringing panic as Kali’s wings clawed at the air, struggled for upward momentum. That immense spear protruded from her side and seemed to half-drag her back toward the earth. 

The four of them watched with their breath held as she struggled to clear Atyn, to surged past the village and up towards the mountains. But she faltered and tumbled end over end, arrows following after her in a whizzing trail. Clint realized moments too late that she was coming for them, that the arrows following the dragon had only one way to fall.

“Look out!” he cried, an they ran back from the houses just as the arrows began sinking into the roof above them, the snow around them. They tumbled over one another, slipping and sliding and falling. An arrow sank into the snow inches from Clint’s palm. He wanted to stop and stare, let the horror sink in. But he pushed himself up to his feet and bolted forward through the snow. 

Ahead of him, Daphne nearly paused to stare up at the sky as Kali sailed over them, huge as a crashing ship, looming so hugely over them that for a moment she blotted out the sun, the clouds, the little needles of death that followed in her wake. The dragon was so close Clint could make out the lines of scales on her belly. But Clint seized the girl’s elbow and kept pushing her forward, prayed that he would be tall enough that nothing would hit her, that if anything landed, it would not hurt—

The arrows fell like rain, chasing after the dragon, and the four of them scrambled across the snow, desperate to escape the crossfire. 

Kali collided into the forest beyond, hitting so hard that the earth trembled. Wood snapped and screamed as ancient trees splintered like toothpicks under the weight of her. A cloud of snow billowed upward like smoke, and the forest rocked. And then the world was still once more.

But they kept running. Back toward the dragon. Away from the forward march of the army.

When they were under the cover of trees, they had to stop to wrestle back into their snowshoes. Malina muttered curses the whole time, staring fearfully up at the blue. Every few seconds an arrow would come close enough to thunk worryingly close into a tree beside them, the snow around them. One of the arrows scraped Clint’s calf, and he cried out and staggered and stared in blinking horror at his blood scattered across the snow.

Malina bounded to him (as well as anyone could bound in snowshoes) and cried, “Are you okay?”

“Shit, did he get hit?” Florence looked back toward the sky, where the other dragons were already fleeing, back up into the relative safety of the clouds.

“I’m fine,” Clint said, to answer both of them. He looked upward and scoured the sky, hoping he’d see a glint of sun off scales. “Are they retreating?”

“No idea.” Florence snapped her attention over to Malina. “Do you still have Atlas’s walkie-talkie? We need to know where he is. Now.”

“They’re not using it anymore.” Malina started back up the slope, where the powdery snow was finally settling. “They figured out we took one, the bastards.”

Daphne didn’t seem to be listening to any of them. She surged past Malina, climbed as quickly as her snowshoes would let her to get to Kali and Sige.

They ran back the way they’d come across the deep snow, retracing their own scuttling footprints. It was not difficult to see where the dragon had landed. There seemed to be a dent in the tree-line where forest met sky.

“This is fucked,” Florence said when she paused to double over and gasp, gripping her knees. “This is totally, utterly fucked.”

Clint stopped by her side to grab her elbow. “Hey. Do you need help?”

She shook him off, insisted she was fine, kept going.

Clint followed her.

It did not take long to find Kali. The snow announced her trail in skittering snapped trees, half-sunk into snow coated in thick black dragon blood.

Daphne beat them all there. By the time Clint was close enough to see the dragon’s body laid out in the snow, she was already stepping over the creature’s tail, headed straight for Sige. The dragon rider’s face and hair were caked with blood that made his blue eyes seem huge, frantic. He kept rubbing his hands around and around the gaping wound at her side, wailing things in his own language that could have been prayers or curses. 

But Kali was alive. Her huge chest kept rising up and down. Her breath steamed and clouded the air. 

The lance sticking out of her side was as tall as Clint and thick as a young tree. With every inhale blood burbled out of the gash it had torn into the dragon’s side.

Sige shoved Daphne away when she reached for him, for Kali.

“Don’t!” he bellowed at her. “Don’t touch her.” When he saw the other three rising up the mountain toward him, he shook his head in blind panic. “What are you *doing?* You’re supposed to help.”

“This isn’t want you planned on,” Florence said, stepping crisply over the dragon’s tail. But she did not dare to move closer. Looking at the dragon’s sickle-shaped claws, Clint couldn’t blame her. He didn’t want to know how dragons lashed out when they were in pain. “And this isn’t what we signed up for.”

Kali lifted her neck to glance between them all. Her pupils were thin slivers of darkness, full of awareness and what Clint could only call fear. The dragon put her head down again and let out a noise that was part grunt, part moan.

“We need to fall back,” Malina said. 

“We will *not* let the king fight us back. We will *not* fall that easily—”

“You just fucking did.” Florence gestured to the wounded dragon.

Sige looked at her like he wanted to leap over the snow and strangle her.

Daphne reached for the dragon rider’s shoulder, gently, soothingly. “We need to regroup. Replan. No one else needs to die.” 

Sige stood and slapped Daphne across the cheek so quickly that Clint could only watch stunned. 

Daphne staggered back, clutching her pink cheek.

“Hey!” Clint hurried forward and pulled Daphne backwards, put himself between her and the dragon rider. “You don’t put hands on any of us. Ever.”

“She’s not dead,” Sige spat, not even looking at Clint. His eyes sunk into Daphne with a bitter edge. 

Indignation ran hot red in both Daphne’s cheeks now. “You’re the one who made her go down after you saw all those people and those—”

“I don’t *make* her do anything. You think I could *force* a dragon to do what I wanted?” Sige gestured down at himself and laughed in her face. “Don’t insult her.”

Florence looked nervously over her shoulder as the cries of the army rose. “They’ll be following us soon,” she murmured.

Malina consulted her rifle’s magazine, then clicked it back into place. “Yeah, I’m real aware of that.”

“We need to go back where the other riders can find us,” Daphne tried again, her voice barely keeping its cool calm. “We need to come up with a new plan.”

“You all may do that.” Sige turned away from them all and returned to his dragon’s side. “I’m not leaving her here.” He slogged through thigh-deep snow to sink down beside her immense skull and lean against her neck.

Kali leaned her head into him and let out a smoky sigh. Her eyes flickered shut as her rider rubbed absent, reassuring circles into her neck.

“Is there a healer, somewhere?” Daphne tried, thinking fast. “Can we find someone to fix her?”

“There are few mages this far north.” Sige’s jaw was a hard fixed line, his eyes pools of heartache. “There is no option for us but to wait.”

Something deep in Clint’s chest ached. He knew what Sige and his dragon would wait for, alone in the woods with an army at their back.

But before anyone could reply, the earth trembled beneath them.

Another dragon had landed.
***
 || 

**ETA: I'm really sorry, but part 72 is gonna be late.** Hopefully I'll put it up tonight, might not be until tomorrow. I'm sorry. I live with ADHD, and today my focus is so bad it's physically painful to think. I've been trying to write for three hours and have barely five hundred words to show for it. Sorry, again. x(

Hey today I should have time to reply to all your lovely supportive kind amazing messages from Friday. <3 I kind of took a computer break this weekend, but know that your comments warmed my cold ginger heart. :) Still planning on doing five days a week, but I might start taking Fridays off once in a while... we'll see <3 Thanks for everything, you guys.
***
They stood together at the top of the hill, staring down at the road below them, incomprehensibly. From here, just beyond the trees, Clint could make out the vague shape of the viceroy’s house sitting at the edge of the valley, just before the village gave way to wilds once more. But the thatched roof was mostly gone, consumed by fire, its stone walls blackened and smoldering. 

But the men marching up the road were no ragtag group of local villagers, drummed up to see what the smoke had been for.

No. This was an army.

The trail of humans flooded the road like ants, the procession winding back so far up the road that Clint could not see just how far back it reached. But the soldiers marched in orderly (if exhausted) rows. The sun shined off their armor, the sharp snouts of their spears and arrows and swords. They wheeled along with them these massive machines that nearly looked like harpoon cannons. And Clint realized instantly what those had to be for.

But before he could say anything, Daphne started murmuring, a low constant panic, “No, no, it isn’t possible. It isn’t possible. Sige said it would take the king’s army three days to get here if they never slept.”

“It looks like he was a bit off on that guess,” Florence muttered. She disengaged her magazine, stared into it with a dark scowl, and clicked it back into place on the base of her gun. “Well, what the fuck should we do now?”

Clint looked nervously up toward the sky. It was a deep, cloud-riddled blue. He wondered if the dragons were hiding up there among the fingers of the clouds.

“They have to stop,” he muttered. “They’re expecting an ambush.” He pointed out toward those massive lances, their serrated points aimed up toward the sky.

“What *are* those?” Malina said, squinting.

Clint couldn’t help his grin. “You know, sometimes I forget you’re old.”

Malina punched his arm. “Yeah, because it’s my fucking fault that they don’t have prescription glasses in hell.”

Daphne didn’t seem to be listening to their bickering. She just said to herself, “Oh, god. They’re going to shoot them down.” Clint reached out to squeeze her shoulder, reassuringly, but she shrugged him away and whirled around to face them all. “We have to warn the riders.”

“At least we can be sure Atlas isn’t here,” Florence said. She turned back toward the forest they had emerged from. “He wouldn’t fuck with a fight he’s so likely to lose.”

“And neither should we,” Malina said.

“If we abandon them, we abandon Boots. So that’s not an option.” Clint looked between his friends, severely. “We have to do what we said we’d do.”

“This isn’t what the riders thought they’d face. This isn’t a few dozen men.” Daphne gestured out toward the army below them. “That’s *hundreds*.”

And an arrow whizzed just over her sweeping fingers and thunked into the wall behind her.

All four of them threw themselves into the snow without another word. Clint was immediately, wordlessly grateful that they had paused at the edge of the forest to divest their snowshoes. He couldn’t imagine trying to dodge arrows with a bunch of woven branches stuck to his boots. 

The arrows kept volleying after them. Clint dared to raise his head high enough to see that the long line was coming to an awkward, rippling stop as a pair of their archers pulled out of formation. Another arrow glinted like a jewel upon the grip of his bow and rose up into the sky to meet them.

The four crawled on their bellies and elbows back behind the house and sat there, panting and panicked. If anyone was inside the house, they did not move. Maybe knew better than to try and get involved.

Clint hissed to them, “Look, there’s no way the riders would attack right now, not like this.”

“There’s too many of them,” Florence agreed. Her stare darted around with a wide, rabbiting panic. “We have to go back and get Boots and find this stupid fucking trail by ourselves.”

“There’s no time for that,” Malina said. 

“Well, you can bet your fuckin’ ass Atlas isn’t playing around with stupid side games like this. He’s probably on his way there already.” Florence looked like she wanted to leap to her feet and run the rest of the way up the mountain. Maybe adrenaline really would push her that far. “He’ll beat us to the fifth level.”

“Oh, no,” Daphne said.

Panic tightened Clint’s belly. “What?” 

But Daphne didn’t say anything. She just pointed.

He followed the line of her finger, his throat thick with dread.

There. Something dark fell streaking from the sky like a meteor, like a bomb, like death itself. It fell fast, a tiny black streak diving out of the clouds.

Kali. Clint tried to imagine Sige’s face, if he was terrified or delighted or both. No one would be able to tell beyond the thick red war paint smeared on his cheeks and nose either way.

Clint watched with his breath held as the dragon dropped closer and closer, her wings pressed tightly against her narrow body until at last she threw them out and caught herself on an updrafting wind. The dragon hovered only a few dozen feet above the road.

Below her, the army fell out of its ranks, began scrambling and screaming. Metal wracked against metal, and arrows sang through the sky, but they clattered uselessly against the layered scales of Kali’s belly. Some of the men ran for the nearest harpoon launcher and began desperately winding up the mechanism. 

But they couldn’t move faster than Kali could open her mouth and drop a river of fire down upon them. The fire was unlike any natural fire Clint had ever seen. It seemed to fall viscous and dripping, nearly like acid. It pooled on the earth, and the men it touched ran limping or screaming. And those who could not run away—whose boots melted instantly into the ground—fell to their knees, their hands, collapsed in shrieking agony until their flesh and bone became nothing but heat and ash.

The soldiers volleyed out the first harpoon, but Kali neatly swooped away from it, and the massive spear tip arced over and past her, sinking harmlessly into the snow below. 

And then the rest of the dragons came out from behind the clouds. They plunged down, in a neat row, one after another. Six more dragons with six more riders came screaming out of the sky.

Below, a commander bellowed at to the soldiers who were already making for the hills, “Stand your ground! Load the next harpoons! Now, now, *now!*”

This, Clint knew, should have been their cue. They should have leapt out and begun picking off the ones who tried to run away. The plan was simple: kill all the invaders, teach the king what happened to those who tried to threaten the dragons’ rule of the north.

But he could not get himself to rise out of the snow. His friends remained stock still beside him, watching.

“We need to go,” Daphne hissed, her voice thick with terror. Her hands trembled as she gripped her rifle tightly in both hands. Clint still had the shotgun, had insisted Daphne take the assault rifle. He could handle the recoil from the shotgun better, at the very least.

“Going right now would be a suicide mission,” Florence said. She pressed her back against the house and craned her neck around the corner to watch the action as well as she could.

“We promised them—” Daphne insisted and pushed herself to her feet.

Malina seized the edge of the girl’s cloak and yanked her back down again. “This isn’t what any of us thought would happen. So we’re going to sit our asses down and wait until we’re not going to get fucking murdered. Okay?”

Daphne looked like she was about to start to cry. But she smeared her cloak hard over her face and nodded over and over again.

The dragons rained fire down from the sky. The snow disintegrated under it, turning instantly into thick, boiling water that flooded the road along with the lapping waves of fire. The line of soldiers writhed like a snake that had been stepped on. The back half of the army seemed to have already fled, turning back down the road whence they came. 

But half the king’s army still held their ground. Their cannons clunked heavily as they turned the cranks until they would wind up no more.

And then the commander screamed out, “Loose!”

The harpoons sprang up into the sky, big as lances, heavy and soaring. One sank through the golden dragon’s wing, and it screamed and spun but did not fall. Clint nearly let out a triumphant whoop, nearly thought that they really could win this with enough fire and death—

But then the last harpoon found its mark. It sunk deeply into Kali’s side.

And the dragon fell shrieking, taking her rider down with her.
***
 || 
***

Clint hoped his rage would leave him, like it usually did. He was never a particularly *angry* person. It was never easy to hold onto. But this time, his fury lay curled in his belly like something hungry, and he could feel it stir and growl with every passing moment as reality sank in deeper and deeper.

He hung back from the two of them as they walked and scowled around at the ground. Malina must have noticed, because she slowed to grab his arm and murmur to him in a low urgent voice, “What’s the matter?”

“What the fuck do you mean what’s the matter? You saw what she did.”

Malina pushed a sigh through her teeth. “I didn’t like it either, but I can’t think of any other good solutions.” 

“Yeah, and now you fucking assholes can think about how we’re going to get ten miles south of here without them on our side.”

Florence smirked over her shoulder. “If you’re going to bitch about me, you could do it quieter.”

“Oh, no. I want you to hear.” Clint hooked his thumb in the strap of his rifle and passed the sky a nervous frown. “I think you’ve really fucked us.”

“Then I expect a full apology when I get us to the next level.” Florence kept walking along with a light, lilting step, as if they were going for a lovely winter hike.

*If we didn’t need five people, maybe I wouldn’t let you get to the next level.* Clint couldn’t voice that particular thought, but he couldn’t deny its existence. Its edges were too sharp to hold onto, but it was there, unignorable, a thought he would never have entertained even ten minutes earlier: he could kill her so easily. He could raise his rifle and shoot her in the back before she even turned around.

And it would be justice, in a way. Murder for a murderer. And maybe he could let her go slowly, like she did the dragon riders, the villagers…

But Clint did not reach for his rifle. He did not let Malina see that dangerous possibility in his eyes. He just tended it like a fire, fed it just enough to keep it alive.

The terrible possibility and the heat of his rage kept him moving forward the rest of the way back to the village. They were back to their original vantage point, the little cluster of houses at the edge of the forest. The houses were barbed with arrows now, little shards meant to sink themselves in dragon flesh. 

The army below them seemed to be retreating, or at the very least, the back half of it was falling back in perfect terror. From this high, Clint could make out individual infantries marked by different colored cloaks. One band moved like silvery beetles, spitting fire and ice from their palms back up at the dragons that dipped in and out of the sky. A molten soup lay in the middle of the road, where the fire pooled, steaming as it spread, slowly, devouring snow and the frozen earth below. The half-melted bones of men stuck out like fallen tree limbs sinking deeper and deeper into the lake of fire. 

The golden dragon lay spread out alongside it. A pair of lances protruded from its neck, its belly. It wasn’t quite dead. Its huge disc of an eye roved and raved as it lay there, its huge chest rising and falling, turning the snow around it black with its blood. His rider was sprawled face-down in the earth beside him, his back quilled with arrows, like a porcupine. The fire would spread, consume the dragon and his rider alike, leaving nothing but the charred lumps of dragon bone.

Clint gripped the back of his neck and tried to calm the sickness in his gut. 

Florence nodded up and said, “It looks like they’re retreating.”

And she was right. The clouds had shifted, and now there was no coverage over the terrified army. There was only perfect, infinite blue, and the dragons suspended in it like tiny stars looped up and up and up, back toward their mountain.

Clint thought of Daphne, wondered if the dragons could somehow know their riders had fallen. His heart threw itself against his ribs, and he swallowed hard against the urge to panic. “We have to get them down,” he murmured, mostly to himself.

“I told you Daphne would figure it out,” Florence snapped.

“Yeah, thanks to you she fucking has to.”

“We don’t need to fight,” Malina said, tiredly. 

Clint turned the burn of his stare on Malina. “No, fuck you for just standing there and letting her do it.”

Malina shoved his chest and snarled back, “I’m not arguing with you about this right now.”

Florence gestured back the way they had come. “You’re free to go back to them, if it’s that important to you.”

Clint didn’t bother retorting. He surveyed the army swarming like ants, half of them marching back the way they’d come, the other half standing their ground, watching for the sky to open fire upon them once more.

But the dragon riders did not need to let anymore dragons die over a battle they’d already lost.

Florence kicked open the door to one of the houses and stuck her head inside. “Hello?” she hollered, and the house answered back with silence. She stepped inside and emerged again with a stained piece of once-white fabric that looked like someone’s bed sheet. “Look.” She waved it over her head, gave them both a proud and wild grin. “Easy way to say, ‘Hey, don’t try to kill us.’”

Clint bit back the immediate impulse to reply, *I hope they shoot you anyway*. 

Malina just nodded down the hill and said, “So what? We just walk down there?”

“Yep. More or less.” Florence kicked up snow in an attempt to find a stick hidden somewhere below. After a minute or two of useless searching, she gave up and tied the sheet to the end of her gun. “If no one believes us, we’ll show them the bodies. See what they think then.”

Malina gave the army another doubtful stare and ran her hands through her wild hair. “Okay,” she said, finally.

“I’m waiting here for Daphne.” Clint folded his arms over his chest.

“Sure, whatever.” Florence rolled her eyes at him and nodded her head toward the army. “Come on, Mals. Let’s go sweet-talk our way out of here.”

Malina passed Clint a glance that was half-apology, half-imploring. He didn’t met her stare. So she straightened up, checked her rifle’s magazine, and said, “You find us, when you’ve got them.”

“Obviously,” Clint muttered back.

And then Malina and Florence left him alone on that hill, with all those empty houses, and the dead dragon riders only a few hundred yards behind him. He had the insane urge to try to give them some sort of burial, preserved eternally in a casket of snow.

“None of this is real,” he tried to tell himself.

But of course it was real. It was as real as the bullet still lodged in his shoulder. All of it was real, in the only way realness mattered anymore. 

And so Clint brooded, and he waited. He watched the little specks of Malina and Florence descend past the river of fire. Past the dying dragon. Florence waved that bed sheet flag madly over her head, and part of him prayed over and over again that she would get shot for her efforts. The soldiers did swarm them, but it looked as if they were merely… talking. Florence pointed over her shoulder back the way they had come.

Clint imagined the bodies. The soldiers stomping up here to see, congratulating them for their efforts in dislodging this scourge from the north. He shuddered and rubbed hard at his eyes.

He could hear the dragon approach before he saw it. The low, persistent *whoom-whoom* of disturbed air made him tilt his head up in anticipation and instinctive fear. There was the massive black dragon, descending upon the trees, ripping the wind apart as it went. It came to a crashing, skidding stop at the edge of the wood, bringing another tree toppling with it. The crash made Clint leap to his feet and start running over as quickly as his snowshoes would carry him.

When he reached the edge of the trees, the dragon had already found the bodies. He pressed his snout to Leada and Sige’s bloodless faces, snuffling in and out, showering them in a wall of hot air. He let out a strained noise that was nearly one of pain and lifted his head to look around, as if searching for who could be responsible.

Clint couldn’t hide his relief when he saw three figures on the dragon’s back: Boots, who looked pale and woozy but could hold himself upright, at the very least; Daphne, her face twisted in horror as she rushed to descend the dragon’s back; and the girl who had been tasked with taking care of Boots. She looked down at her fellow dragon riders, and her rage churned on her face as obvious as an open sea.

When Daphne hit the ground, she ran instantly to the dragon rider’s bodies. Did not seem to notice or care that she stood with her shoulder nearly touching the dragon’s massive jaw. She fell to her knees before them in the snow.

Clint paused a few dozen feet away from the dragon and called out to Boots and Daphne, “Hey! Are you okay?”

Boots was halfway down the flimsy ladder hanging from the dragon’s saddle when the great beast turned suddenly, bounded over to Clint’s side. Boots shrieked in surprise and clung onto the ladder as the force of it arced him around like a child swinging a toy. The dragon brought his huge muzzle to Clint’s chest and inhaled, deeply. The dragon was so large its nostril was as tall as Clint’s torso, and the heat of its breath stung Clint’s cheeks. The dragon’s eyes bored into him like it was demanding answers.

He whispered, uncertain if the damn thing would understand him, terrified of dying like this, of all the ways, after all this time, “I didn’t do it. I swear. I swear.”

Daphne ran over to his side and cried, “What happened?”

At first, Clint didn’t answer her. He just held her, fiercely, then whispered against her ear, “We can’t trust Florence anymore.”
***
 || 

Hey, I appreciate everyone's kind words and well wishes. Will have time to reply to everyone tonight. Honestly, the writing isn't burning me out; my day job is. I run my branch of a program that provides behavioral therapy for children with special needs. My schedule has gotten maddening in a way that just... utterly sucks my brain of all its ability to focus and make things. So I think until that slows down (which it should in a week or two, when the last of my new staff joins and their training is complete), I'm going to start posting every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday instead. Goal is to get back up to at least four or five days a week, because I love the consistency as much as you guys do. 

Anyway, thanks for reading. <3

***
Every sinew and cell within Clint screamed at him to run run run as the earth buckled and shook under the approach of the dragon. Each step made the ground tremble. The snow beneath his snowshoes shook and shifted, like it was slowly consuming him. Strange frozen quicksand. But then the dragon emerged through the trees: the black dragon that could have been Kali’s twin, except he was nearly twice as large as her, so tall that his rider could have reached her fingers up and brushed the top branches of the trees.

 He was sinuous and delicate as a cat, but so large that the trunks bulged groaning away from his massive sides. When the dragon saw Kali fallen there in the snow, he bounded forward, plunging onward, leaving furrows deep enough to bury a man in the snow. He hit one tree so hard when he passed that it collapsed and fell to the side with a clap that seemed to split the whole silent forest.

But then the dragon came to a skidding stop before Kali. His claws were dangerously close to gutting Sige as he sunk them into the snow, but the dragon rider did not move. He bent over Kali’s side and murmured things that sounded like part-eulogy, part-prayer.

The larger dragon nosed Sige away with his snout and snuffled hard at Kali’s side. His eyes were huge green discs of panic. His breath came in huge smoky bursts, clouding the air and Clint’s lungs with ash.

From up on the dragon’s back, Leada shrieked down to her brother, “How did you let that happen?”

“I didn’t see it.”

She dropped down a long, narrow rope ladder from the top of her dragon’s wide back and scaled down with all the ease of a gymnast. When she hit the snow she ducked under her dragon’s tall belly and threw her arm around her brother’s shoulders.

“That’s Kali’s brother,” Daphne whispered to Clint.

He glanced back at her. Tears coursed down her pink cheeks, one so much brighter than the other. Clint reached back to pull her into a tight hug. “Hey. Hey, it’s okay.”

“She’s going to die,” she whispered against his chest.

A dozen different answers came immediately to mind: *please don’t cry, none of this is even real, it’s just a game, it’s always been just a game*. But instead he squeezed her tightly and said, “She might.”

Leada held her brother for another long moment before the larger dragon began nosing them both out of the way. The dragon riders stumbled backward as he inclined his huge neck against his sister’s side, as if bracing her.

And Kali stood with a strangled cry that was pain and terror and rage. She collapsed heavily against the other dragon, the lance just low enough on her side to pass under her brother’s belly.

And together, they began an awkward, scrabbling climb back up the mountain.

Sige sighed and ran his hands through his hair. He kept muttering the same word under his breath—“*Keesk, keesk, keesk,*”—and by the wild roving of his eyes, Clint figured it was more or less the same as *shit shit shit*.

“Hopp always has a purpose,” Leada said softly. Her dark red warpaint was smeared with sweat or tears or both.

“There’s no *purpose* in this.”

“There will be. Fortune always reveals herself.”

Sige scoffed at her and regarded the black blood dribbling after Kali. “They’ll find them before they reach the top. They’ll kill her.”

Clint bit back the rebuttal, *They may have already killed her.* He tried not to think about the army swarming like ants at their back. Ascending the hill. Overtaking the houses. Reaching the mountain.

“We need to come up with a new plan,” Florence said, folding her cloak tightly around herself. She nodded back the way they’d come. “How many soldiers do you think are out there?”

“It looked about fifteen score at worst.”

Malina and Clint exchanged blank glances until Daphne murmured to both of them, “Three hundred.” She smeared her tears away and cracked a half-smile. “Didn’t you two pay attention in school?”

“No,” Malina answered, honestly. She looked at the dragon riders. Sige seemed like he was constantly suppressing the impulse to surge up the mountain with the dragons. “We will fight for you, but we won’t die for you.”

Sige gripped the pommel of his sword, tightly. He looked at his sister as if Malina had not even spoken. “Where are the other riders?”

“Waiting.” She nodded upward, where a winged infantry waited juts beyond the clouds. “They can’t circle forever.”

Her brother looked near panic. “We cannot let them win.”

“And we’re not going to keep throwing ourselves at them and praying not to die.” 

Sige gave her a bitter smile. “I thought you believed in Fortune.”

“I do. Her name is not Folly.”

“You should drop ballasts on them,” Daphne murmured. “Boulders. Trees. Anything.”

“Crush their lances.” Leada nodded along, her voice rising in delight.

“And how will they aim without getting in range? How many times do you think a dragon can fly down to the earth, pick up something that heavy, and fly it back out again? Gods, they’re not machines.” Sige slapped at his thighs and started pacing around. He pulled at his beard in anxious contemplation. “But we will not let Kali fall for nothing.”

“You don’t know that she’s—”

Sige gave his sister a glance sharp enough to cut her off. His voice was thick with pain, resignation. “Don’t waste your optimism on me, sister. Hopp is a god of chance, and Kali’s is not good.”

The wind tugged hard at them all, bringing along with it the ever-growing cry of the army: sudden surprised and painful screams, the close and terrible roar of a dragon successful in finding its mark.

“Those damned fools,” Sige growled.

“Why are they still doing it?” Daphne said, half-stunned, half-terrified.

“We cannot lose the mountain.” Leada looked between all of them severely. She was frightening in her leathers and her heavy armor and thick-streaked warpaint. Like an old god of war. She said, “There is no choice *but* to fight.”

“We’re not wasting all our bullets on this,” Malina whispered to Florence, so quietly Clint could hardly hear her.

“Obviously,” Florence returned with a scoff.

“It’s insanity,” Sige said.

Leada did not bother answering him. She turned and reached suddenly out to Daphne. She wiped at the girl’s cheek’s with both hands and then cupped her face, looking hard into her eyes for some kind of answer. “Follow the dragons. You will go with them back to the cave. You will go tell the girl there what has happened. She will take Thali and ride him in my place.”

It took Clint a moment to realize that must have been the dragon's name.

Daphne stared up at the trail of slushy, half-melted snow following in the dragons’ wake. She said, “But what will you do?”

“I will fight here with my brother.” She stooped and picked up a stray arrow from the ground. Gave Daphne a grin that was wild and unafraid. “Fortunately for him. I am a much better shot.”

Sige gave a scoffing laugh and gave an answer in their own language that made his sister reach out and punch his shoulder.

Leada nodded over her shoulder. “Go on. Even injured, they’re fast little bastards.”

Clint snorted at the *little* part.

Daphne glanced worriedly between her friends.

“Go on,” Clint said. “She’s right.”

Daphne held out her rifle to him. She seemed to be blinking hard, fighting back tears. She looked at Malina and Florence. “Be careful.”

“Always,” Malina returned. 

Florence didn’t answer either of them. She was looking over her shoulder, back the way they’d come. “Strategy,” she snapped at the riders. “Now.”

Sige just stared at the ground like his mind was stuck, rewinding itself over and over again.

His sister answered, “We will pick them off. Hem them in enough to give the dragons big scared groups to burn up.” She looked between them all like she did not have any patience for counter-arguments. “Am I understood?”

“You’re going to kill us all,” Malina said, her voice dry and humorless.

“It is not in my hands.” Leada nodded upward. “We are in Fortune’s hands now.” She unslung the bow from her back and jerked her head back toward the death that waited beyond the trees. “And we are lucky to be her favorites.”
***
 ||  | Part 4 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
***
**Part 4**

Graham blinked at her. "About what?"

"About... everything. Cassius just said you have some sort of plan."

Malia barked a laugh. "Plan is a strong word."

Graham shushed her.

"You know what--" Cassius started.

"If you can't respect your silence order until you both calm down, you'll be barred from the apartment from the rest of the evening."

That made Malia roll her darkly lined eyes. But she settled back into the couch and gave the old man a needling glare, as if daring him to speak.

Cassius strode out of the room, muttering, and returned with a beer. Graham narrowed his eyes at that but said nothing.

Eris looked between the two most well-hinged people in the room.  "What is it all of you do, anyway?"

"We really just get together and bitch," Graham said.

All four of them started laughing at that. Eris's grin was instant and easy for once. She hid it the moment she caught herself doing it.

Leo elaborated, "There's little else we can do. We're more or less just digitized consciousnesses, put in this tiny world. The universe stops forty miles outside the city. I know you haven't tried to go out that far." Color rushed to Eris's cheeks. "It's fine. Don't feel bad. They literally program you to lack the initiative for that."

"Program me," she repeated, her throat thick with tears or vomit. She couldn't tell which yet. "But you said I'm real."

"You are. But here they set the parameters on reality. And if they want to make you oblivious to certain thoughts, they can." Leo shrugged. His smile small and foxlike. "Until certain people point them out to you directly, of course."

The old man sipped his beer slowly. Watched the wall like he was trying to pick it apart with his eyes.

"Our sort of, like..." Graham waved his hand, vaguely. "Ideal goal is to get the people who run the experiment to realize that this isn't livable." He paused, then reached out and squeezed Eris's knee. "Oh. God. You still don't know what all of this is for."

Eris shifted away from his hand and looked between them all. Everyone's looks had soured, gone serious and grey. "I don't even really know what you mean."

Graham sighed. "Alright, old man. We need your history lesson. You may speak if you refrain from antagonizing."

Cassius scoffed into his beer. "How very noble of you." He pulls his back up straighter in his chair and pops his neck, loudly. "I'm part of the first round. It's rare to see an old-timer like me. Most of us have been retired out. Returned to the real world."

Eris's brows came together in confusion. "Why not you?"

"Oh, I'm just lucky, I suppose." His laugh rang hollow. He put his elbows on his knees and regarded Eris like they were the only two people in the world. "My group was born in the real world. I've been out there. I've seen it."

Involuntarily, Eris leaned forward to the edge of her chair. "What's it like?"

"The world we see is an image of what the world used to look like. Big blue sky, all those lovely stretches of green... It's a lot of brown now. A lot of dust. The air hurts. I remember that. You had to wear a mask practically every time you went outside."

"Is there a real me, out there?" Her voice is quiet and full of fear.

"Oh, yes. All of us are real. All of this--" Cassius swung a hand broadly around "--is a little shared theater in our minds. I'm not sure what it all looks like. I like to imagine us all in stasis in the same room. It's strangely sweet."

"Gag me," Malia muttered, but she smiled.

"And when they decide they've collected enough data, they'll return us to our real lives. They'll show us the resignation of autonomy that our parents signed for us, however many decades ago. And they will use it to justify taking all the lowest people and putting them in a place like this. Because of *us*, there will be a barrier of entry just to existing."

Eris surveyed the small apartment, its yellow-stained walls and scratched laminate floors. The light coming through the windows was dim but pure.

A tiny dark part of her thought this seemed better than the real world Cassius described. But she did not know. She did not choose to be here. None of them did.

"So I'm supposed to be proof that it works," Eris said. Her heart fluttered, maddened, against her ribs.

"Precisely. And then they'll take everyone they deem worthless or undesirable by God knows whose rubric will be locked up to live in their minds forever. Just carving out fake lives in places like this. Without even knowing it."

"It is kind of fucked up," Leo managed.

"But." Cassius pointed to Eris. "She can help us stop it."

"I just love your optimism," Malia said, flatly.

"I'm not proof that anything works," Eris stammered. Her honesty surprised her. Everything in this room already felt so absurd and impossible that it didn't even feel real. It felt safe to say the things she could never say to anyone. "I'm an anxious fucking wreck. I can't even deal with normal human interactions. I spend every single day looking forward to just being asleep. If I could I'd just be nothing. I'd sleep forever."

Cassius only grinned at her. "Precisely. You're perfect. They are tracking dopamine and cortisol, income and employment. Not your emotional day-to-day coping. That's what we need the people out there to see." He pointed to the window, as if it lead to the real world.

Eris tried to hide her shock. It was a twisted kind of delight, clear and sharp as broken glass. She was exactly who they needed, exactly as she was. It was not something people told her often.

"This is all, of course, under the happy delusion we get any administrator's attention and somehow get our story out of the test facility in the first place." Malia rose laughing without humor. "Great talk, guys. Just as productive as always."

"Don't be all moody," Graham mock-groaned.

Malia pinched at his ear as she walked by. "I'm going to hit the road. You guys keep up with the daydreaming. It's always very fun."

Leo leaned forward in the other armchair. He was not quite looking at any of them. "I might have an idea."
***
 |  | Part 4 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  || 
***
Guys. I think the next part is the last one in this level. I dunno about you all, but I'm ready to be outta this cold skyrim shit. ;)
***
Elford was the largest town this far north, which wasn’t much of a metric. It was certainly larger than Atyn’s two or three major roads and scattering of slumping wood houses. But it reminded Clint of the town he had grown up in, so small that one could drive from its start to its end within ten or fifteen minutes. He saw it from the road when their weary platoon paused at the top of the hill overlooking the town, just to squint down at the dozy windows full of candlelight. The night gathered around them, bringing with it a cold so dense that the very bones in Clint’s feet ached. His boots and bottom half of his pants were soaked from the long day of trudging through snow.

Clint ached for food. Somewhere warm to sleep. Anything but all this damnable walking. He was too empty even for his rage with Florence.

And that was good. Florence seemed exhausted too. She leaned heavily into Malina to pant and stare down at the town.

“Do you think Atlas is already there?” Daphne whispered as the rest of the platoon plodded onward. A few soldiers stared at the five of them paused on the top of that hill, but no one asked their strange tag-a-longs what they were doing.

“We’ll find out,” Malina muttered. She nudged Florence, and the other woman stood up straight with a groan. “Come on. We’re practically there already.”

Boots didn’t even seem winded. He just gave them all an astonished smirk and said, “You become tired already?” 

Malina elbowed him sharply when she walked by and said through her teeth, “Don’t act like you fucking aren’t.”

“I have hole in my side, and I’m fine.” Boots slapped his torso with a childish grin. He shied away laughing as Malina tried to punch his half-healed stomach. “Not when you do *this*.”

“Yeah, you seem just *fine*.” But her smile was real, if begrudging. She started stomping down the slope, after the rest of the platoon.

The five of them were last to reach the bottom of the hill, but the lieutenant was still standing there at the edge of town, waiting for them. He seemed just as miserable and cold as they were, but at the sight of them Asger lit up and gestured them over.

His joy only seemed to be for Florence, though. The moment she was close enough, he reached out and took her gloved hand in his. He said, “Come, let me show you. My friend runs the best inn in town. I’ll badger him into giving you rooms for cheap.”

“Free would be better,” Florence said. She smiled, leaned into him sinuously, like a cat. And close to his ear she murmured, “Those riders took nearly everything we have.”

Asger coughed, as if looking for an excuse to hide his fluster. He took a half-step away and said, “I suppose I can convince him.”

Florence gave him another brimming smile. Squeezed his hand. “You really are a lifesaver. I don’t know where we’d be without you.”

Clint suppressed the urge to roll his eyes. 

Boots didn’t bother hiding his disdain. He just scoffed and said something derisive and not quite English under his breath. 

Malina passed a cutting glance between the both of them and mouthed over her shoulder, *Fuck off*. 

Asger led the way to the inn, Florence fluttering at his side like a butterfly. It was a convincing act. She seemed rapt by every one of Asger’s long winding stories, and her eyes shone like he really was the most refreshing thing she had seen in weeks. 

The rest of them trailed wilting and exhausted behind the pair. Daphne’s steps had grown so sluggish, her breath so heaving, that Clint nearly offered to carry her on his back the rest of the way there. But her brows were drawn, her face bright pink with determination. He knew exactly what the answer would be.

So they walked, and Clint let himself sink into the ache of homesickness, just for a little while. 

The town was snowy and sleepy, but the streets were wide, a slippery snowpack stamped down by dozens of feet and hooves and wheels. Some of the houses had windows, and he could see every now and then a face peer out of the dim glass, watching them all in muted fascination. For half a second, Clint thought he saw the muzzle of a gun nose around the edge of a house. He jerked to a terrified stop before he realized it was only the arm of a wheelbarrow.

Daphne ran into his back and said, mostly to herself, “What the hell?”

Clint managed an embarrassed, “Thought I saw something.” His head spun with hunger and exhaustion. 

The inn sat in the heart of the town, where the road was at its widest. It was one of many buildings that looked nearly identical. Huge compared to the little cottages that preceded them, their wooden gables intricately carved with swirling patterns. A pair of posts stood by the inn’s entrance. The lengths of both were carved top to bottom with dense cascading runes. Asger ran his palm across a spot worn spotlessly smooth and murmured something under his breath that could only be a prayer.

And then they stumbled inside, finally into the arms of heat and warmth. For a moment, Clint couldn’t quite remember where they were. It looked too much like the first inn, and he could not stifle the memory of fire, spreading. The snap and scream of burning wood. But when he blinked again, the fire stayed in its hearth. A few guests huddled around tables, playing cards, wolfing down soup. Chasing away the cold.

Clint paid little attention to his friends that night. Time filtered through and away from him, slipping through his fingers like water. Every nerve and neuron in him was sapped, totally and utterly. He could focus on nothing but food and sleep, no matter how louse-ridden the mattress turned out to be.

He sat in one of the chairs nearest the fire. Watching the flames lick and dance. For a delirious second, he felt like Rachel was right there next to him. He could see her, out of the corner of his eye. The light drew shadows along her cheekbones and caught the glimmer of her eyes. When he turned his head, she was gone once more. 

Clint rubbed his face, hard, but memory haunted every corridor of his mind.

At some point, Malina put something in his hands. He lifted his stare from the fire just long enough to catch her worried frown rising up behind a wall of steam. His cold fingers gripped the walls of the bowl gratefully. 

“Are you okay?” she murmured to him.

Clint looked back at the fire and shrugged. “Just tired,” he managed, quietly.

He would not tell her the truth. Couldn’t bring himself to say that he was trying to remember Rachel’s laugh, like an old song whose tune kept slipping away from him. It crumbled in his mind over and over again. Faint shadow of itself. Just as fleeting as the figures that moved in the corners of his eyes and vanished when he turned his head to see them.

He emptied his bowl without quite tasting it and left it there on the floor behind his chair.

Clint retreated to bed without speaking to anyone else. Faintly, he was aware of his friends talking and laughing, aware of Asger loudest of them all, his hand reaching over to squeeze Florence’s knee. If anyone tried to stop Clint, he did not notice.

He trudged upstairs to the room the innkeeper pointed him toward. It was dark, moonless, and he dropped his backpack on the floor by his narrow bed. Peeled off his boots, kept on his damp and freezing socks. Then Clint curled up in his cloak, drew another blanket over himself. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to imagine that he was not alone. That Rachel was curved against his back like a question mark, one arm around him. Her fingers tracing lazy circles along his scalp.

And then, for the first time in a long while, he let himself weep until sleep took him at last.

His dreams were like the bottom of a sea.
***
 |Parts 1 and 2 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 

***

[WP] You’re able to see a status window over other people, telling you their stats and health. However, you’ve never been able to see your own, no matter how you try. One day, walking home, you come across a homeless man. Curiously, his window does not appear, and he beckons you closer...

***

Eris walked home with her eyes turned down, like she always did.

After twenty long years of life, she still couldn't get used to the stares. Everywhere she went, it seemed strangers stared at her until she raised her eyes to theirs, and then they looked away again.

She learned to make herself small. Hid behind beanies and headphones and huge coats. But nothing could hide the emptiness over her head.

That was strange. Irredeemably. Unrepeatably. Where you could tell anyone else's name and basic physical statistics at a glance, Eris had nothing. She grew up staring at her peers and the magical little boxes of lights hovering over their heads. Became quickly used to the question, "Where are your stats? Are you from somewhere faraway?"

And she would answer, "I'm from *here*," exasperated, embarrassed. The cryptic talk baffled her. Her strangeness walled her in on all sides, blocked her off in a way from everybody. Even her own family looked at her as if she was not fully one of them.

These days, Eris spoke little. She walked to work where she washed dishes alone in a dark room. Walked home again. She was alone, which she liked, because no one stared at the space over her head in disdain or confusion.

She had taken to walking home with music blaring in her ears, her eyes trained on the road. It was easier to ignore the things people said than to try to forget them later.

It was a little lucky, in retrospect.

She never would have heard him if she did not pause to change the song right then. But then beyond her headphones she heard someone speak. She turned her head and yanked her earphones down.

A homeless man, his face worn by exhaustion and time, sat on a dusty sleeping bag. His stare rooted her to the spot; his eyes were bluer than any she had ever seen. He had hung a piece of tarp over his nest like a roof. He had a tin cup with a couple of one dollar bills.

Eris's dark eyes went wide and dewy with shock. "I'm sorry," she said. "What did you say?"

"I said," the man said, with a tone of lazy surprise, "you're real, too."

She stopped, rooted to the spot. Stared at him directly now.

Just like her, there was no box hovering over his head. He simply sat on the pavement. Existing. Unobtrusive as some piece of the background.

"You don't have a stats bar," she murmured.

"Am I your first one?" His tone was bitter but delighted. "Sit down, pretty girl. Talk with me for a minute. No one ever talks to me anymore."

She sat on the concrete beside him. Breathed through her mouth, discretely. "What do you mean I'm real?"

"Those other people--" he gestured to the city beyond, the cars whisking past them in a constant ebb and flow "--are not real. You and I are." He smiled, dreamily, his eyes somewhere distant and faraway. "There were more of us, when I was young. I've heard they've begun to dismantle the whole thing."

Eris could only stare at him. Wondering if he was mentally ill. If she was an idiot for sitting here listening to him ramble.

But he did not sound ill. He sounded very tired, and very sane.

"What's your name?" she asked him.

"Cassius." His stare probed her face for something. She was not sure what to offer him. "You must be one of the controls."

"I honestly don't know what you're talking about."

That made him start laughing in real joy and delight. He stood up and began gathering up his things. Placing it in a torn but serviceable trash bag.

"You can buy me a coffee," he told Eris, cheerily. "And I will explain everything."

She gripped her headphones, tightly. Panic chased itself in circles in her belly like a dog after its own tail.

Finally she managed, dizzily, "Okay then."

***

Naturally they garnered stares in the cafe. Eris soothed her anxiety with the fact that this could only be because Cassius was carrying a black garbage bag full of his belongings and glaring around dismissively at everyone.

They ordered two black coffees and sat beside the window. Cassius put his bag delicately beneath his seat, as if anyone here was going to try to steal it.

Eris sank into the chair across from him. Wished she could melt into it. She cupped both hands over the sides of her face and said to him, "Well, now they're all fucking staring at us."

"Oh, I'll fix that." Cassius cupped his hands around his mouth and called out to the room, "Hey! Stop fucking staring at us!"

And all the eyes turned away.

The old man shrugged. Drank his coffee, even though it was steaming hot. "It's kind of a socially stupid AI, I've learned. You need to be very direct that you don't like something."

Eris moved her hands shakily to her coffee cup. Gripped the warmth. Willed it to ground her. The cafe was spinning like it was its own tiny planet on a strange sideways axis.

Cassius regarded her over the rim of his coffee cup. "How old are you, Eris?"

"Twenty," she said.

"How did you live this long without ever happening upon the truth?"

She did not know how to answer that, so she only said, "I have no idea what you're talking about."

"Do you ever notice that all the little details here just don't... mesh? How your coffee tastes different from one day to the next? Or how you can wake up twice in one morning and not even notice the little glitch?"

Eris sipped her coffee to avoid having to speak. He really was mad. Everyone stopped looking because no one keeps looking at some dirty old man who yelled *hey, stop fucking staring at us!* in a coffee shop.

Her mind raced. Planning an exit. Did the bathroom have a window? Could she ask the barista to call the police?

"Everything you see to touch or taste--" he chuckled, held up the coffee cup for an example. "It's imaginary. A simulation. A very fine one, but all of it little ones and zeroes, in the end."

"My coffee doesn't taste like ones and zeroes," she said, not daring to look up from the table.

Cassius lowered his head. Tried to catch her eye. "You understand, don't you, Eris? You're not the strange one. *They* are. You're a human being purposefully raised in a world of robotic intelligence."

"I don't understand what any of that means. Or why you're even telling me this."

The old man slumped back into his chair. Shrugged. "You deserve to know. There was a small group of you who was never meant to know. The control group. It's necessary, you know, in psychology. Do you know anything about psychology?"

She couldn't help her scoff. "Do *you?*"

That earned a smile. "I think I know a thing or two more than you do, yes. I have devoted my life to researching the people who trapped us here."

"Trapped." Eris pushed her chair away from the table with a loud scrape. "I think you should call a doctor, honestly."

"There is a world out there where you are just like everyone else, and the trees change color and lose their leaves, and people say more than the same seventy things *over and over again.*"

Her pulse quickened. She had asked her mother, once, if she noticed that her father always had the same jokes, the same barely contextual responses.

And her mother had just laughed and kissed the top of her head and said as she always did, "That's just your father, dear!"

Eris looked up at the cafe's soft domed lighting. At the people murmuring among themselves, pointedly ignoring them now. The barista just stood at the register, smiling blankly at the door, waiting.

"Ah." Cassius grinned and pointed at her. "I see that look. You're not stupid. You notice the little things."

"I think I should go home." The world seemed tilted and strange. Like she was staring at it through the bottom of a glass bottle. Everyone's face seemed as empty as an old building, every smile vacant and painted.

Uncanny. That was the word. It was real and not real all at once.

Except Cassius, smirking across the table at her. His eyes full of knowing delight.

"Do you know more people like us?" she asked.

"Oh, sure. I could even introduce you, if you wanted."

Eris couldn't stop herself from saying yes.

***
Parts 1 and 2 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |