~ Nell Blaine    Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Translated: "No one will ever see us alive again."
Everyone who starts a fitness program is eager to see results  – on the scale, in a favorite outfit, in the mirror.
When I bit into it, I burned the roof of my mouth and the cheese slid off, swung down, plastered itself against my chin and burned that, too.
When anxiety is high between parents, children's emotional needs are often ignored, rules are not consistently enforced and children feel less secure.
The shelter accepts as many animals as it possibly can, it also places kittens in foster homes while searching for permanent homes for them.
- Keep exercise equipment in a locked room.
Translated: "I have actually severed a limb, but will bleed to death before I admit that I'm hurt."
Give the world the best you have and you might get kicked in the teeth.
In doing so, you've joined the millions of other cats who have acquired these strange and often frustrating creatures.
Q: Give the meaning of the term "Caesarean Section".
Like all ideas, the important visions for your life already exist, whether you have discovered them or not.
Establish your supremacy over this wood pulp product at every opportunity.
If a human has paper in front of it, chances are good it's something they assume is more important than you.
It is said that love is blind but friendship is clairvoyant.
~ Henry James (1843 - 1916) A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken.
We can never assume that our kids automatically know what our expectations are.
~ Latin proverb     &nbsp;   Take the first step in faith.&nbsp; You don't have to see the whole staircase, just the first step.
I've always wanted to have someone to hold, someone to love.
Tuesdays at 6:00 PM, location to be determined.
Women come in all sizes, in all colors and shapes.
Even if you don’t plan to change your mind about a decision you’ve made, give your child a chance to air his or her feelings (respectfully).
Walking can be a time for self-discovery, a time to reconnect with yourself.
Third child: Your baby is still decked out in a monogrammed outfit--it's just pink and bears his sibling's initials.
- We don’t hurt each other physically or verbally.
I'm going to write my Congresswoman.
Sometimes you take it, sometimes you don't.
You also make sure to buy enough to have a week's worth of onesies (which you now realize is closer to three per day!)
And remember that raking is a full-body experience; be sure to stretch not only your shoulders and arms, but also your neck, upper and lower back, thighs, and calves.
... you frequently misspell your own name.
Girlfriends pull you out of jams.
MYTH:  Children from single parent homes will never have healthy relationships themselves.
"That's not a leak," the Lord corrected, "that's a tear!"
"TAKE A BREAK HONEY, YOU'RE WORKING TOO HARD".
The hired hand in the story was able to sleep because he had secured the farm against the storm.
The biggest person with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest person with the smallest mind.
If you are not sure then it's time to rediscover your passion.
And in autumn, the task that leaves many a home-maintenance enthusiast sore and regretful on Monday mornings is – yes – raking leaves.
This is particularly important with teens and pre-teens whose growing independence is nurtured by a balance of compromise and limits.
Be open to new ideas that may contribute to your well being.
Ask yourself, "Will this matter one year from now?
The Lord replied, "Not only will she be able to think, she will be able to reason and negotiate."
Once we were young, with no idea of the incredible joys or the incredible sorrows that lay ahead.
* Ask your shelter to implement a feral cat program based on Trap-Neuter-Return.
"YOU KNOW HOW BAD MY MEMORY IS."
Q:What does the word "benign" mean?
We rarely look up from our daily tasks to appreciate the beauty of our environment.
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy.
Baby books   First child: You record every coo and hiccup, and the pages are so full of memorabilia that the book won't shut.
Q:How can you delay milk turning sour?
Why not just hang around with other cats?
They don't take "no" for an answer when they believe there is a better solution.
A strong sense of self-esteem helps children resist negative peer pressure and gives them the confidence to face challenges and try new things.
If they survive to adulthood, they will likely mate, creating more homeless animals.
Second child: You still spring for full price for special occasions, but you basically outfit your child off the sale racks.
Here are some tried and true methods of getting your human to do what you want:  Sitting on paper: An oldie but a goodie.
People always come into your life for a reason, a season and a lifetime.
Someday I hope to get married...but not to you.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla     Here’s a quiz that I snagged from  urlLink Hanna’s World .
"YOU KNOW I COULD NEVER LOVE ANYONE ELSE."
Focus on what you can do, accept the talents you have.
I had to get up at 4 AM every morning.
From  urlLink Meditations for Women Realize that within your heart there is the strength to regulate all the choices in life.
"Are you a good farmhand?"
What have been putting off doing?
A: When the farmer does it to the bull instead of the cow.
The other eight are up to you.
We can easily survive months in the hostile terrain of Afghanistan with no food at all!
Only in America ... do we use the word "politics" to describe the process so well: "Poli" in Latin meaning "many" and "tics" meaning "bloodsucking creatures."
The proper order is kiss me, then go smell the other dogs or cats' butt.
Volunteers from the Ann Arbor Art Center staff it.
Therein lies true harmony.
I hope my blogging friends will change their links to this new page.
Accept yourself and acknowledge both your pains and your joys.
... you try to turn the light on to find a flashlight in a power outage!
Studies indicate that income level can be a deciding factor relating to a child's self-esteem.
Enraged by the response, the farmer was tempted to fire him on the spot.
If love is missing, things go wrong.
Focus and reflect on them.
Exhibitors range in categories from painting, ceramics, leather, wood, jewelry, photography and more, and are juried annually to ensure that the highest quality and excellence are displayed each year.
It is written in the Bhagavad-Gita that "the highest happiness comes upon the yogi whose mind is calmed."
... you stare at an orange juice can because it says concentrate.
They remind us to look beyond our everyday circumstances or stress."
From the Peaceful Parents Newsletter.
By honoring our own standards and sticking by what we say, children start to see that manipulation doesn’t get them anywhere.
And this is only the first day!
The location of exhibitors is centrally located in the heart of Ann Arbor's downtown area.
~ Ernest Hemmingway    My friend Jane is a volunteer for  urlLink TAILS Humane Society  in DeKalb, Illinois.
How And When to Get Your Human's Attention  Humans often erroneously assume that there are other, more important activities than taking care of your immediate needs, such as conducting business, spending time with their families or even sleeping.
Imagine their terror as we crawl like ants with hot-flashes over their godforsaken terrain.
... you think hot dogs are real meat.
Q: How are the main parts of the body categorized?
It is the children of parents who remain together despite constant conflict who often encounter problems.
(Please note, placing a paw print in the middle of my plate of food does not stake a claim for it  becoming your food & dish, nor do I find that aesthetically pleasing in the slightest.)
Use checklists to simplify shopping, traveling and entertaining.
"WE SHARE THE HOUSEWORK."
Recognize what makes you laugh and put more of it in your life.
Drop off your name and address if you are interested in exhibiting in next year's fair.
Tuesdays at 6:00 PM, location to be determined.
Along with TNR, caregivers promote public education about society's responsibility to our community and to the domestic animals we have created.
