Because even though they have the biggest salaries and it would actually save the most money, you need someone who can make the tough decisions about who to lay off.
Yesterday, Conan did a joke about Martha Stewart's guilty verdict in his monologue.
I could never have high regard for any race of warriors that would have me as a member.
The reality is that most world religions are based on the same basic principles, there just may be different interpretations or representations.
They look up from their important document.
It seems to me that if 33% of the news gathering public consider themselves conservative, they would probably get their news from a news source that is considered conservative.
Notice I use the singular.
Ask any person who owns a car here; It's not 'if' you get a ticket, it's 'when' and how 'often'.
Basball season is almost here!!
Unless, of course, they're getting a taste of the pre-tax gross profit.
So, tell me, what's the difference between selling your body and selling your intellectual integrity?
With John Leo its a big case of "Us against them!"
Nevermind the fact that we as a group have been spoon-fed invented pop stars for the last decade and couldn't recognize real talent if it came right into our living room and sang "Lucky Star".
This morning, I catch a ride up 3rd.
I'm reading a book right now written by a man who grew up in a zoo.
Sorry for not posting for a while.
Actually, the only problem Mr. Bloomberg might have as Mayor is that he can't blame the city's woes on anybody else.
So... California has officially lost it's mind.
Let's talk about the issues without judging people because of their stand on them.
Keep a letterbox next to your door.
Albeit, he often used it to put his foot in his mouth.
He is, after all, a businessman.
It give's me a sneaking suspicion that Mayor Mike Bloomberg might want to retract the statement he made a while ago, claiming that he will definitely be re-elected.
Steve and I backed up the show on cue cards.
I love the look they get.
So, not much improvement at third.
When he wins after promising to put a cat in every pot, he is assassinated by his running mate-- Doctor Evil.
What I mean is, they already have one of the best Shortstops in the league.
Does anybody realize that our electoral process in both the primary and November elections originates in this one snowmobile town?
To argue an ideological extreme without allowing opposing dissent is not only a waste of time, it's un-American.
I just thought up a cool game.
Like a dog who hears something odd on the other side of the door.
I think they probably tune in to that 7% of media outlets that share their opinions.
After being in a coma for a month, he woke up and wanted to know who the hell had cut off his leg.
Not that our demographic represents a true cross-section of midwest housewives, but I don't think Martha is as beloved as people think.
We should have one every other month.
Let's talk about the new RIAA threat to sue people who download large amounts of music.
Ryan got on stage and jammed along with Mark Pender and the rest of the guys.
How many other groups are gonna say they have a right to come into your home to sell you something?
I mean, either Samantha makes it or 'Sex' ends up being the saddest comedy ever.
Taking American ingenuity into mind, don't you think we could come up with a better way to supply ourselves with power?
Just under twenty blocks away.
And frankly, the fact that the administrators of a school get to censure what "their" community sees bothers me a little bit.
And when you forget that people don't want to be called at home do to some unplanned shopping for your unneeded products, at least have some pride in your rudeness and do it in person.
When I try to interrupt her to tell her my wife and I have not started to procreate yet and that's why I'm still able to be asleep on a Saturday morning, she doesn't stop.
All hoping they're on the list.
To be honest, I'm not sure how I would react if the Mayor started making restrictions on some of my vice's.
It's as if they're saying, "Okay, they can kick us out of the building but if we all stick together they won't be able to take our cigarettes from us until they pry them from our cold, dead, slightly yellow fingers."
You can't sweep the MP3 revolution under the rug.
He opened his mouth to argue when I cut him off.
I don't think I've spent more than a couple of hours in my hotel room.
57 degrees and sunny outside.
Here's an analogy: Imagine if everyone in New York City who drank and finished a bottle of beer just threw it into the street.
I feel bad about the A-Rod deal, too, but think of it this way.
Free music for a musician-newbie to give away as a showcase, may be here to stay.
Back on after the blackout.
I thought it was interesting to have someone else's opinion on the site.
He then made a special trip across the street raise a pint or two.
My friend Sandy told me that he saw me on the show the other day.
After I scream 'Shut the hell up for a second!
"Oh, I', gonna take a right on Vanderbilt.
They kept us pretty busy with changes all night.
I mean your own personal jet.
People, Vanderbilt is a dead end road that runs the western side of Grand Central Station.
Anybody can tell you that they don't have a problem scoring runs.
Wow, that means if you get caught letting your wife and/or girlfriend have a private little lap-snack, you could spend the rest of your life in prison giving some guy a toe-curler in the shower.
The producers of "American Idol" have to worry about ratings and demographics so they can get picked up for the next season.
During President Bush's speech on Monday night, he mispronounced "Abu Ghraib" three different times.
I find it funny that no one seems to notice this...or care.
Perhaps if she could actually sing or still had a viable career, no one would care.
Imagine I am with a group of friends and I'm drinking a bottle of soda.
Is John Leo actually suggesting that just because you disagree with conservatives on issues like homosexuality that you  must  be liberal?
Then he lifts the seat into a locked position, proceeds to open the door and then lower the lift to allow the person to wheel onto it.
When local police showed up, he chased them onto the hood of a car.
It's unconstitutional to block somebody from calling you at home when you don't want to be disturbed?
(If you can make sense of that infinite loop of idiot logic, you win a cookie.
It's this...Yes, there is a lot going on in this city to concern ourselves about.
Franken's main point seems to be that hardcore conservatives purposely fudge facts and numbers to back up their assertion that liberals are ruining this country.
"Hey, when's your next book coming out?
Just because someone thought of a way to give this music away for free and that it existed that way for a good long while, does not make it a good thing or a thing that "the people" deserve.
If no one gets it right away, I'll post another quote from the same movie.
AFTRA is totally behind the companies on this thing since our recording artist members are getting their work ripped off by the "free" dwonloading and there goes their ability to make $ to say nothing of their incentive to create the stuff to begin with.
Apparently, Katy didn't even have the courtesy to piss me off in person.
I just saw an article on the history channel about a company that is trying to produce private jets for public use.
Mitch is the National Treasurer of American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.
Siouxie and the Banshee's plays on the radio.
I may get fired from my job for screaming in the control room.
Leo quotes a Pew Research Center survey as such: "Pew reports that just 7 percent of journalists and news executives call themselves conservative, compared with 33 percent of the general public.
Because for the significant fine of 55 dollars, I got a lesson in vigilance.
So, moderate journalists are just liberals in disguise?
No, I can't go to another party!
I got an e-mail from a friend the other day responding to my entry on song downloading.
There are some great sites that let you user play money so you can learn risk free.
I hope Sesame Street can continue to produce the quality children's programming that they have for years, but I also know that the temptation to use the kids on the show as living mannequins will probably prove to be too much.
Which, as far as ratings go, is excellent.
Then he raises it, positions the wheelchair into the correct spot and remembers to buckle the person in.
The show gets higher ratings, "the View" keeps getting re-newed, and Veira, Jones, and Behar keep getting paid.
It was going to happen at some point with someone, it just so happened to be me.
Look how far they have come."
I've only been here one night and the first thing I notice is that the people here are way too friendly.
