I shouldve known this before, but people there told me the concerts at Gospel generally start at about 6:30. i got there at 4:50.
See how they fly like Lucy in the Sky, see how they run.
no se pongan a discutir con los playos.
es algo en lo que yo no decidi unirme.
&nbsp;   basically the concert sucked.
i mean, a brick colored house with two palms on it?
So that I could wake up early to write this.
I was reading the log but i got bored.
i discovered them today, now that i come to think about it.
Only few are the ones that stop and help you, few are the ones that really care about you and the million persons around them.
^^;;;;  Ugh, anyway, I'm off to post in my LJ, then study for my English exam (WHY ME?!
how many more lies must we listen to?
I'm not scared of talking to Ms. Post anymore.
so, my site doesnt work, my family doesnt habve money, i give a damn if one of my friends dies, and my parents are getting a divorce.
My PC can hold 3 at a time.
so now hes making a better one that actually has sanded joints.
this new media, this new thought.
I think that's the worst combination in a human being: hypocrisy and superficiality.
ten tracks  pretty cool : Felipe Messeguer's Funeral Soundtrack  and the box sez: parental advisory exlicit content  lol i wont invite a priest to my funeral: dont want to bore peeps.... NO ONE will get bored in my funeral, even if ive got to revive to make them happy im listening to aphex twin's let my fish loose mix.
and then they start talking to like each other, and these two "punk" kids (who seem like they just got out of the quiksilver store, with beanie and all) start talking to me about punk.
im getting bored of you all trying to act to some stupid rule of society, and deep inside i know that none of you are like that.
"oh i heard that smoking makes you forguet your problems" it doesnt.
Expert textpert choking smokers, Don't you thing the joker laughs at you?
Its a small paragraph rant about  urlLink www.
That which says people must pay western prices for their food.
one more word: I cant count!
&nbsp;   next was... no resolution.
so somewhere, the must be a person with a telescope pointing towards my window, and i cant see him, and he cant see me, and we will never see each other.
I dont know why, but some chilli was in my mouth, and I hadn't noticed.
so we sorta walked around.... late night... uhm, there was another party going on in one of the blocks in which people started whistling around at us.
i wanna go back to school and talk to friends blablabla.
Oooh man, thats cool, they made the straight edge thing!
Mister City Policeman sitting Pretty little policemen in a row.
:@ says: jaja IT STILL LOOKS PRETTY UGLY TO ME!
power rangers or any of those would never say: "suck it to me baby" "DAMN!"
These discrimination and indifference to latinos irritates us creating a situation just like the one you have with the black people.
i got home and put some yellow shoelaces on them.
&nbsp;   so basically lets talk about the place.
jpg  &nbsp; So what the heck, i realy wrote that on the guest book.
It was kinda boring, but i still went.
get a guitar and make quick noises and there you have upshock.
lo linda que es mi costa rica y su bonito monopolio de parque de diversiones.
i mean, he actually told me that i wasnt a true 07'er!
We all know about factories who manufacture pesticide, you know about Union Carbide.
This is caused by the menace Iraqi militant cleric Moqtada Sadr set after rejecting calls to end the fighting.
It's filled with great MP3's.
Man, you should have seen them kicking Edgar Allan Poe.
So this will be my basic blog.
i read funny email roar roberto is next to me.
it just scks, bunch of greedy bastards.
(i dont blame you when you piss and moan) i dont know what can i say.
&nbsp;  ok now the wooden things.
my aunt forgot her candle for the baptism, so they somehow got it.
its like:  kid: since when are you edge?
Many birds In North America migrate to these forests, on arriving and finding no forest they die.
invert on tourism, and you only get a bunch of gringos infesting the local mcdonald's up.
Advertising promotes this and advertising of any kind usually portrays women as a sex object only, there to be raped.
9) Tell Buba that he should enjoy you while he has the chance because you will only be there for 15-25 years.
I had this talk with weird red Mr. Powell, I was listening to Minor Threat (no one hears that) and then he came, borrowed an earphone and said: That's Minor Threat?
Yellow matter custard, dripping from a dead dog's eye.
:@ says: pero yo no quiero unirme IT STILL LOOKS PRETTY UGLY TO ME!
I found that the same store that sells Aphex Twin CD's also sells Underworld.
In any one station at least 40 people a day die.
he just sits all day  there, and he says that it sucks because the doctors dont let you do a thing "damn heart" he sez.
okei, diganme PORQUE PUTAS NO!?
doc  urlLink Fossil Fuels.
&nbsp;  but thats just me.
Maybe because im the first one to finish my Flash assignments (half an hour before someone else in the class).
Let me tell you something Tilio told me: ""School" is just a fraction of your life" and that is true, unless you are going to die at the age of 20 and you know it, then you are really fucked up.
They're an American Company who set up dangerous plants.
he got scared and the keyboard is falling off my lap as i type oh no.
of making site layouts, i am now officially only writing blogs at blogger.
thats what the song says, and none of you will ever move your picture because your explanation of the world is a label with some clothes on it.
I got there, gave the gift, sat down with gramps, ate bubble gum, sat down, looked at kids, sat down lor like 1:30:00,  talked to people I dont know, ate pizza, ate MORE pizza, ate bread, ate ice cream, ate sugar packets, ate candy, used camera, got full of cake icing, cleaned my shirt, disposed of the camera, said bye, got bored, got on car, listened to music, got home, looked at the repaired docking station, got bored on gaia, received avy pic, now, will torture Pizza Hut cashier 'till death.
bye bye i remembered that when i was like 4, i was sitting with my parents in my old house, and my dad was sitting on a grey couch that we had, and he was reading the newspaper magazine, Viva, and my mom was sitting on the sofa too but on the part where you rest your arms, and i rememner that infront of that couch was the living room, which was very small like 3meters squared, and we had a small sony tv and more grey couches around the TV, and i ran up to my dad and sid: daddy that says Viva, because i had learned to read somewhere in time near that moment, and then my dad sat me on his legs and i stared at the newspaper and i dont remember anything else.
I just want to write about something, though there is not much to say.
com im not sure what to do with so many blogs:  this im using it for writing down thoughts.
that  every single wooden carving had the exact same shape !&nbsp; Then there was this piece of wood that had like writen "ove, love, lo ve, lo ve?"
This ratio is not objective since it is my opinion.
what do i care about now?
llegando al final de las escaleras en el pacuare, ustedes pueden observar que detras suyo, volviendo a&nbsp; ver para las afueras de nuestro afamada construccion, se ve un caballito.
well no one's perfect, and im no one, you unperfect little biatch.
its been 5000 nights of me unable to sleep because of some stupid turkish disco.
png this is the image for my wishlist :3   urlLink wishlist.
If the sun don't come, you get a tan From standing in the English rain.
Consumism is another thing is making everyone look like an ant.
I think I get along pretty well with the kids.
y creer q en algun momento pense unificar a esta genercion.
and uhm i tried to cheat on a proyect, but a stupid classmate told on me.
i think not -_- im so tired.
I get called to see if the cleaning lady/ janitor saw me.
what about you estebitan?
We can hope that they'll understand someday (although hope is usually just a waste).
i mean, come on,  the paintings sucked .
urlLink     im not sure if that'll work Im planning on writing stories.
it all comes out unformatted.
like this: ∆í√∏—g√∏—Ç—Ç—î–∏ says: yeah it does but you believe in god dont you?
So he tries to find something in my work that's wrong.
i just realized that you can upgrade blogger to blogger pro, which has new things that i dont know what they are.
Oh yea, Gay J also screwed a little too much around with my contacts (o. O).
