I just got my tax refund and I get paid tomorrow!!!
LinktoComments('10')    urlLink Comment MY BIRTHDAY PARTY IS TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!
I've never had a friend borrow more than $5-$10 and  I always got it back.
Are there any books (comic, novel, etc.)
I was at work today and lost a filling out of my tooth.
In other news...This weekend isn't looking good after all.
Did it have any negative results?
I don't remember the first video I saw.
It definitely changed the music industry a lot, but it didn't kill the radio star.
I don't have any friends that I've been out of contact with for a long time.
Hear me...I am not going to freak out about this!
This wonderful company I'm working for has just implemented several new rules that would seem absurd to a 5 yr old.
I tried to keep a friend from starting to drink and smoke, and it destroyed our friendship.
That's it...I promise I'll try and update more often from now on.
Imagine you won a tax-free gift of $7,000.
I can't imagine anything too negative coming from it.
Hopefully, I'm talking better tomorrow, my mouth is still numb, and my entire head is asleep.
Who were they and how much did they want?
I've been wanting to take MJ there for a while.
What are your favourite flavor of chips?
It's nice to my computer back up and running 100%.
Are you trying to give it up, or are you just reconciled to the fact that you will always have it?
I have the worst memory and it takes me forever to remember peoples names… 41. hair: brown 42. eyes: greenish brown...they kinda change….
I don't know why, but I am in a horrible mood right now.
LinktoComments('12')    urlLink Comment Well, Promoguy went on vacation, so the  urlLink Monday Mission  is a little late...Sorry!
I want 2 more piercings in my ear and my belly button…sorry Chris =( 22.
Do you believe in love at first sight?
If not to you, have you seen it happen to anyone you know?
They're doing an episode in England, but instead of London, they're calling it Londinium, hehe.
What person would you like to not ever see again as long as you live?
I have no choice but to work on Thursday.
I hate grape and orange flavored stuff&#8230;anything and everything 99.
If your favorite singer wasn't in the music business, do you think you would still like him/her as a person?
What Disney character(s) do you most identify with?
I stuck a coat hanger through my eye once.
KV and I are to the point that we just don't care anymore.
Why has this changed, if at all?
I’ve never owned any kind of video game thing.
I climbed a water fall in Jamaica once…that was fun…very pretty 83.
I'm a racing nut, I eat, sleep, and dream NASCAR.
I really didn't want to go alone.
What do you like about living in your particular city?
Not much in the way of achievements.
I need time to think and evaluate who I am and where this life is headed.
I invited everyone I know and so far M. J. is the only one that is coming for sure.
In a way this song reminds me of myself most of the time.
This name creates a nature that can be the life of the party, but many times you can become involved in emotional situations against your better judgment.
I have trouble picking favorite stuff like colors and movies and shit&#8230; 97.
Of all the things you can cook, what dish do you like the most?
What was your favorite music video as a teenager?
Heck, I can't remember what happened yesterday, hehe.
In a dating or married relationship, is it possible to change someone to be more like you want them to be?
It's a lot nicer position.
Why were you named what you were?
I took a nap earlier tonight, and I just can't sleep.
A little something about me, so you guys aren't totally lost reading this.
I have an extremely bad habit of staying up most of the night.
I want to get a job at a place that sells cds next summer&#8230;they can sell other stuff&#8230;as long as they have cds... 63.
LinktoComments('51')    urlLink Comment Well, I'm feeling a little better.
This list belongs to my friend Nic.
I was going to call MJ, but she didn't return my call last night, so I'm guessing she has more important things to do then talk to me today.
I'm just sitting around at home today, I'm taking a day to just relax and do nothing.
See if you can figure out my mood...  Remy Zero - Perfect Memory Live - The Sanctity of Dreams Goo Goo Dolls - What a Scene Fountains of Wayne - Little Red Light Fountains of Wayne - Valley Winter Song Less Than Jake - Help Save the Youth of America from Exploding Green Day - Time of your life Johnny Cash - Hurt Less Than Jake - Nervous in the Alley Evanescence - Tourniquet Glow - Regret Third Eye Blind - Misfits Third Eye Blind - Motorcycle Drive-By Goo Goo Dolls - Sympathy  LinktoComments('49')    urlLink Comment I'VE MOVED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OK, Time for the  urlLink Friday Five!
It's better when you can actually be with the person and get to know them, It's too easy to be false when communicating online.
Ran myself through the  urlLink MTV Nicknaminator.
What brand of soda do you drink?
Can't wait to see Matrix Reloaded, that's on tap for next weekend.
I made a guy cry before…haha that was funny… 76.
What are your 3 favorite shows from your childhood?
I recently watched the FOX special "101 Things Removed from the Human Body" which was quite disgusting in a can't-help-but-watch kind of way.
LinktoComments('31')    urlLink Comment Ok, I'm Bored, hehe.
Is the name you have now the same name that's on your birth certificate?
I’m not a big candy fan… 79.
Then, I've got to work a half day tomorrow :(  Oh Well....Time for the  urlLink Friday Five!
I'm going to go in and yell at my boss Monday morning.
MJ's coming over today, don't know when.
I love pets, but they're a little too much work for me.
Moral: Don't try to change people you care about!!!
Second try, I failed the first time.
If you were to open up your own restaurant, what would it be called and what type of food would you serve?
Can you tell I'm a big fan?
I try to be the best person I can be, and I still get abandoned, mistreated, and just plain screwed over at every turn.
Have you ever been "furloughed" (told to take time off work without pay) or laid off?
When was the last time the you got a shot at the Doctor's office?
Lets see....No personal items on your desk, at all.
I am exhausted and going to sleep, but first...... urlLink The Friday Five.
I can't describe it, I just feel like something very bad is coming.
I have trouble picking favorite stuff like colors and movies and shit… 97.
I'm still eating soup though, I don't want to eat anything solid until tomorrow.
I watched the BGN race from Daytona and played Vice City all day.
I like peanut butter and jelly sandwiches&#8230;but only if I have chocolate milk with it.
What was going on that made you want to help?
Oh cool...Batman just came on!!!
I&rsquo;ve been to Mexico for spring break&#8230;that was fun!
I used to go looking for houses with my uncle.
I can't wait to see her, she's one of the few things that makes me smile anymore.
I don&rsquo;t like a lot of chocolate stuff 21.
I just finished watching the Evanescence video for "Bring me to life" on VH1, now they've got coldplay on.
I love running&#8230;but only if I&rsquo;m alone 9.
