Had a bit of a scare earlier.
How is it possible to remember a political leader who cut spending on everything except the military kindly?
Sam wasn't very well yesterday, he seemed a little bit drained.
He's quite proud of his car...
I have requested a final price TWICE now for the server I won on ebay but still haven't received anything back...
Sams car is also playing up, seems to be over revving whenever he accelerates.
urlLink    New MG-ZRX dash&nbsp; urlLink urlLink    New MG ZR-X Front&nbsp; urlLink Back at CBS.
The greatest of them all.
Darren's is not going to Mom & Micks 20th Aniversary party in April.
Good job that I didn't go into CBS as still  had some crap to finish off on BAA.&nbsp;          &nbsp;     Had a bit of a scare  earlier when i mailed the Sysao geezer the stuff I'd done on BAA and he came  back and said it was blank..
I could really do with it but work is work.
He won election after election; he is still the man for whom the largest ever number of votes were cast in any Presidential election.
If I was looking to move up north, I'd definately consider Manchester.
I still kept all the other bits though.
urlLink Microsoft loses to Linspire again  MS Having a bad week.
They are deffo going on holiday !!
This board should be able to take one of the new Athlons with Barton core.
Back at CBS tomorrow... still got the batch element entry thing to do as well as OSP / OMP.
Found a bug in my child care code that returned payment when they shouldn't have... whoops.
I keep forgetting this and thinking that I've got a Sunday off.
Thank you Mr President for making this world a better place.
Patched the XML Publisher into my PROD box last night.
Hooked it up to Sam's machine and it was fine.
The queue to get into the gale was humongous!
It looking like I will have to goto Reading next Thursday / Friday to do a 9iAS install.
I didn't take my laptop and for some reason the Blogger post wouldn't work.
Bit of a family feud going on today.
Didn't get bloody  car back today... the parts didn't come.. oh how we've heard that one before...  shall I call Watchdog?&nbsp; Therefore I didn't go into CBS today.
I'm going to go though.. Its all water under the bridge.
David wasn't  best pleased.&nbsp; Alison was still off sick too.&nbsp; Oh Dear :)&nbsp; Car  should be back tomorrow hopefully.
Right... Haven't posted for quite a few days!
He is not too happy about that, especially since he has to goto work on the train tomorrow.
Sam worked last night and I spent the evening watching Alien Ressurection and getting some data prepped to go into my PROD box.
I think Hogwarts has moved upto Scotland, must have been a bit damp in Wales!
I've just enjoyed reading my last updates so I'm going to start this up again... see how long it lasts this time :) urlLink    UFO Lands In My Garden!&nbsp; urlLink At CBS yesterday... Foudn that the recommend a friend is a lot harder then what I thought... Ali also keep giving me welcome interuptions on FTE budgets and the spreadsheet upload.
A great American, a great president, a very decent human being.
I am especially gutted since I went shopping on Friday Night and spent £115 on food for the next couple of weeks.
I'm at bit torn between payroll at YBS and Phase 2 at CBS.
Later On...........  Did you know I did practically bugger all work on Friday?
I get sent wherever I suppose.
Did a bit more running around to get food and what not done.
Saturday : Slightly productive day!
urlLink Outsourced IT staff fingered porn stash banker  Banker hoister by his own outsauced petard.
Maternity should be fine once Oracle deliver the seed data.
Tried installing RedHat 8 but the install fell over with a 'gnome-canvas--def' something or other error.
So much so that I had to come back today for an emergency appointment.
The part didn't come in,  its only a bloody pipe FFS!
Almost bricked myself when I saw that the copy I'd  been working on for a few days had gone to be replaced by a empty copy...
I'll just let Grenada, Iran-Contra, his "joke" about unleashing nuclear war on the then Soviet Union and the rest of his record speak for itself.
They want to run the payroll tommorrow but we are not really ready gonna be interesting tomorrow I think.
Had a problem getting the new coals going until Mick did an emergency run up to the petrol station and came back with the bag coals...
News for today...    urlLink Promiscuous BluePod file swapping - coming to a PDA near you  Allows tracks to be swapped via bluetooth...   urlLink Why wireless will end ‘piracy’ and doom DRM and TCPA – Jim Griffin    urlLink RIAA wants your fingerprints  Biometric Fingerprint Player ties DRM'd tunes to your fingerprint.
A success as a radio broadcaster, actor, union leader, governor and President.
The seat belt covers came today...
I went from a Abit KR7-Raid to an Epox 8RDA with nForce 2 on board.
Ronald Reagan was quite a normal president, with a regular-guy-charm just as current president Bush has.
Since it was an IBM deskstar I naturally assumed the thing had fucked up.
Finally met Gordon Halley, who didn't look at all as I imagined!
I don't mind having Vicky's party here next month but someone had better help us clear up!
Spent yesterday doing bugger all really... not sure were all my time went!
So, aiming to buy one of those with some PC3200 memory (probably Corsair) in the summer sometime.
Bit pissed about it because Kaye's leaving pissup is next Thursday and I am going to miss it because I am stuck in Reading.
Finally got around to doing the mess at 2 in the afternoon... Sam did all the washing up and cleaning, I did all the vacuuming, and boy there was SHITLOADS of crap everywhere.
Spent 2 hours sorting out my mail server... A couple of hours looking at my PROD box (I suppose that  could be counted as work)  Sam didn't goto work but he did drop by to pick up something or other.
So here's an update :)  Monday : Work Tuesday : Work Wednesday : Work Had to go to Bullring in the evening to buy some trousers.
How you feel about Reagan's legacy, and how you feel about the current president, is marked by how you feel about the idea of "America the good."
I was always told never to speak ill of the dead.
Spent all day answering questions on the BAA bid.
One of them said to them, your the fittish bird I've ever seen and I could fuck you senseless.
Nic and Ira both turned up too :)  Everyone had a good time and really enjoyed it.
It's difficult to remember anything good about the Reagan/Thatcher axis of power except that it is now consigned to history.
Also completely forgot recommend a friend!
Darren and Mandy came up tonight...
Ronald Reagan as president understood, exemplified and encouraged the ideal of "America the good."
I'm waiting for Sam to come back after practicing his unicorn dance.
Canal Street is certainly much better then Brum's Gay Village.
Went back to the car dealers today to check out the situation on the interior trim.
I am surprised this Blog has not been deleted!
I'm not going to pay anything until I get a final price, including VAT and carridge.
This helped cover over the fact that he knew very little of foreign affairs, or politics as a whole, and that he was really a president a lot like president Bush is today.
Just reinstalling Windows XP after my motherboard upgrade.
Garden looks much better now... pics soon :)  Went to  urlLink Pride  in the evening.
We ended up in the fountain outside the darkroom which all the coming and goings ;)    urlLink Here  are some pic from Pride 2004 on the BBC website.
&nbsp;     Went to B&amp;Q  bought some weedkiller for the garden... just been out and nuked the  bastards.&nbsp; Slowly gettingt the garden straight.&nbsp;Doesn't look like  weather will be too good for Sunday's BBQ.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh  well urlLink Streaker joins Subbuteo  Full on frontals with your Subbeteo set.
I should have gone back upto Manchester to the GMP, but my check was all puffed out and it hurt like hell, so I didn't bother.
I've been up in Mancester working at the  urlLink Greater Manchester Police  doing an Oracle 11i upgrade.
Apprently you don't get it as standard.
Mouth feels like a sewer sometimes though.. Don't know how Sam puts up with it.
Also bought some Ben Sherman stuff.
They gave me a courtesy car but I had to insure it myself.
Right.. Just opened this blog... As to whats going to be on here??
Needless to say, I don't think she was interested!
Kept waking up to make sure I wasn't late for the meeting.
It is a tribute to America, that we survived his term in office.
Find it quite hard to talk to him sometimes as we don't have that much in common.
Oh its a Payroll life for me... :) Looked on jobserve and find that Oracle Payroll contracting jobs are paying 500 a pay... that will do me :) Minority Report is here... urlLink    Just Me!&nbsp; urlLink Hmm... Another government project giving us value for money!
thank you & we'll Miss you!
In fact, at first LloydsTsb refused the payment, and 10 seconds after PayPal told me that it had been refused, the phone went and it was some automated call asking me to confirm the last few transctions on the car as some of them looked suspicious.
I also seem to rememebr Iran-Contra, the bombing of Tripoli, Invasion of Granada, arming of Saddam, etc.
Funnily enough, they don't know what they are.
