i enjoy myself from the inside out.
Stay away from traitors and jealous people, then you will be stress free.
I was feeling alil tipsy.
Entering into the court room and there he was that bastard who once hurt me so bad.
In reality it would never happen.
Got home unpacked, shower and went to bed, thought of Ben.
Peach, for example, is a fruit, not a color.
You will be very generous to your lover once you have attained a commitment.
Eye contact begins to reveal.
I see I am not interesting but I like to write.
Once I stepped into the office this morning people have been throwing files at me.
I know that I am so scared of losing Alyssia but I'm pretty sure that there wont be any problem with the court deciding in my favor, or if he has a delinquent in his child support payments.
My headphones are blast and enjoying myself.
When I turned, I nearly knocked her down.
Better education is offered for Alyssia.
Don’t chase it either, it will come to you when you lease expect it.
I fell many many times and of course I drag Ben alone with me.
The value of time is what counts the most.
I could have gone but I didn’t have any swim suit to wear.
Don’t you just wish that we’d all don’t have to work.
You enjoy playing love games.
A person must be intellectually stimulating or you are not interested sexually.
One guy compliment me about my skin color.
Then, i started to cry, Linda came in, i was talking to her telling her about my drama with my mother.
At this point I'm sitting here thinking that I should sign up for an addition.
I was exhausted, I slept the whole way back and I was sober…  Said good bye to the beautiful mountains in Tahoe and I shall see you again in March.
I couldn't have said it better.
----R----   You are a no-nonsense, action-oriented individual.
One woman in a class this guy told him she used the underarm pinch on a guy who was trying to date rape her and was so upset she broke through the skin and tore out muscle strands the guy needed stitches.
I think that’s why I like to memorize everyone’s talents or skills that not everyone knows about.
Determined to reach goals.
How many curves are there in the standard paper clip?
The club itself was really cool.
Often there is an age difference between you and your lover.
The Hunter because he always goes deep in the bush, shoots twice and always eats what he shoots.
I love it no matter what type of dancing it is.
- When people say, "Oh you just want to have your cake and eat it too."
----P----   You are very conscious of social proprieties.
Not to lie but there were a peek here and there but that was it.
Nine in the morning, we head out to heavenly resort.
I refused to answer her call because of what she did to me last night.
I've grown into a young blossom whom I dont think anyone can have.
But when you find a new love, you view the past as a teacher.
My new year is going to start off with a formal ball.
Me, I was compared to a ROSE.
I hate waiting in long lines.
Q; why did he take me for granted?
I coulnt forget how I really felt in that one amazing dream I just had.
We've blushed before, but I never really took you seriously.
I have a total concept potential you wouldnt understand.
But I was so wrong, I thought to myself that I am the winner and he's the loser.
But that was five years ago.
I didn’t want to conversate with Ben either or anyone else.
Be sure to make mistakes, makes lots of them.
Yeah yeah, the food network is awesome.
Funny of me, I am still peeking but I am doing homework & watching music box.
Sknky ass started to fucken cry because she couldn’t argue with me anymore.
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun every year.
Two of my girlfriends had to take me home and take good care of me.
The way they hit you and expect it to hurt.
In addition, eat delicious food everyday.
On falling out of love, take some time to heal and then get back on the horse.
So quit trying to play games with my heart and quit trying to win me head over heels.
Never have I dreamt about a guy as much as I did of him.
You are fussy and exacting about having your desires satisfied.
Loves to make friends ..  SEPTEMBER: Suave and compromising.
But elaborately, this isn’t my plan for all of this to happen.
I cannot blog damn I just cannot.
I can still taste alcohol in my mouth and i'm still pretty much very tipsy.
The day is going by so slow and i'm still here at work with no one to chat with.
Blenders ... You need One, but you're not quite sure why.
So basically everybody knew everybody.
That’s a very long time for a gal like me.
She again listens then steps off the curb, taps across the street, steps up, and continues until she is out of his sight.
We gather everyone up and just drank, one shot after another within 30 mins we had like four shots already total.
Jumping in with your heart and jumping out with your head.
I broke his heart and I felt bad.
SHE: If I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
Even if they are not physically present.
So hold your loved ones close today, and whisper in their ear, Tell them how much you love them and that you'll always hold them dear.
Up the lift, down the hill, up the lift, off the lift and down the hill again.
I don't recognize this place, the picture frames have changed and so has your name... We don't talk much anymore, we keep running from the pain but what I wouldn't give to see your face again...  Lost without your love  Lost and all alone, I always thought that I could make it on my own...
After seeing that I was wide awake.
I think I have only spent four dollars.
You can wear anything you like.
Tonight I get to wink *.~, play around, laugh at your jokes and have great conversation with you.
If I&nbsp;EVER find out who did this, I'm gonna take him down.
To love is to risk rejection; to live is to risk dying, to hope is to risk failure.
More and more you're all I'm thinking of.
I sat there thinking what the hell happen last night?
(29-34 points) You are Sponge Bob Square Pants: You are the classic person that everyone loves.
----X----   You need constant stimulation because you bore quickly.
I've got a new favorite song in mind.
However, this has gone out of hands.
Damn I love this time of the year :)   Cheese!!!!!
Allow time to reveal yourself to me.
A lot of lovemaking can unblock a stuffy nose.
I might be wrong and you might not believed in my words.
Yep yep yep, while everybody's going crusin, being stuck in traffic, I'm flying high in the sky.
I've spent $20.00 on slots.
