Just when I (my family actually) am in dire need of money.
To understand eternal truth,  And know right from wrong,  And gather all the beauty of  A flower and a song,   For if I help the world to grow  In wisdom and grace,  Then I feel that I have won  And I have filled my place.
when aperture in on irc, the "-----" issue takes a backseat willingly.
Hindi ko na lang papangalanan pero kung ano mang ilusyon ang meron ako para sa taong yon, mukang malabo talaga.
kase...nilibing na si rico yan.
her manila concert however, brought me back to my senses.
I just asked the right question.
Takbuhan niyo and isa't isa kapag may problema.
Ang Hatol: Kinakabahan na naman ako kasi maglelecture na naman ata ako.
The first ones were Chinese pills that came in a chinchansu-ish orange container.
may i find the right motivation and inspiration to achieve all of them.
halos 2 oras ata ang tinakbo ng pelikula at di naman ako ganun nagandahan.
:evilgrin: i say "Perfect!"
o kaya itong pag-blog ko at pag-"park" sa irc.
Its like an automatic If-Then situation.
as for the "affairs" or connections i have, they exist alright but to what end?
Anyone who's had chicken pox can develop herpes zoster.
all these while listening to Magic 89.9 of course.
jack_leido (1:12:14 PM): alls fair in love and war ?
Ganun din naman ang bayad e. Tumawid kami sa kabilang side ng MRT at nag-abang.
Hindi nga ako nakanood ng  Zatoichi  kahit  hidden agenda  ko yun kahapon.
Thanks for the money i received today.
This is a well-crafted movie which made use of lots of symbolisms.
i hope to improve by january 2004.
Next attempt of mine had me swallowing different stuffs.
Im pretty sure rhona,val,jaki would willingly dress up for the occasion but to my surprise, almost everybody who attended last night's Mano Po-inspired party were at their best physically and otherwise.
deadline ng thesis abstract tomorrow.
i have high hopes that by the middle of the coming week, we would have settled this issue.
or maybe im just too lazy to make my thoughts coherent.
I'll try to be a good teacher/student/researcher.
kahit nga name e. which is fine by me.
Basta, masarap ang pakiramdam.
id like to think i met the one person 2 and a half years ago.
di ko pa rin alam e. parang opinyon ko laban sa opinyon ng iba ang nangyayari e. tingin nila lahat siya ay bading.
(/me makes mental note to ask him to teach me how to burn dvds kung may susunod pang chat) ------------  so there.
i have yet to convince myself that i NEED to graduate and actually finish my MS degree.
for one moment in my life, i felt truly appreciated by a man romantically.
Take a deep breath and  say...banana!!!
asan ka na ba kase zedon?
i imagined myself checking papers while sipping my almond mocha joy.
This film will definietly be my benchmark for so-called  weird  movies.
Guilty Pleasures  i took a 2-day holiday.
A sense of direction is slowly unfolding right before my eyes.
Go to him and ask it right to his face.
Ilang linggo din akong nakipag-mabutihang loob sa mga kawali, plato, baso, kutsara't tinidor at kay Joy dishwashing paste.
Over spending is easy to do now so look for sales and save as much as possible.
its safer that way"    Amen.
sana gumawa siya uli ng medyo dark na pelikula gaya ng  Nigthmare before Christmas  pero imbes na clay animation, tao na talaga.
im not sure if having 2 such undefined relationships at the moment should make me happy.
jack_leido (1:38:07 PM): tommorow ill make a 3 million taghorjix (1:38:07 PM): yes if ur a god..then im satan taghorjix (1:38:26 PM): can u do me a favor?
Kakahiya nga pero wala akong paki.
there was also so much blood.
I wanted a copy of my own but i dont have the extra cash to buy one.
i imagined buying myself a pair of jeans on sale at marks and spencer and buying stuffs from Lush for mommy.
Nakakamangha&nbsp;talaga yung kagandahan ni Imelda kahit na matanda na siya.
Paguwi namin, sobrang kapal ng tao sa northbound side ng MRT.
i was never able to confirm my feelings.
Nanatili siyang detached sa akin e. Hindi na kami umalis sa getting-to-know stage.
malay ko ba na ma-involve ako mashado sa characterization kina maggie cheung at tony leung at ma-titrigger ang mga kawindangan ko.
jack_leido (12:58:13 PM): yup jack_leido (12:58:20 PM): i live alone remebr jack_leido (12:58:30 PM): pesto my fave taghorjix (12:58:37 PM): hehe..good for u jack_leido (12:58:39 PM): salads taghorjix (12:58:42 PM): i dont cook jack_leido (12:58:42 PM): taco jack_leido (12:58:48 PM): ill cook 4 u taghorjix (12:59:05 PM): no thanks..u myt poison me taghorjix (12:59:06 PM): hehehe jack_leido (12:59:18 PM): y sud i jack_leido (12:59:31 PM): u more use to me alive taghorjix (12:59:42 PM): what am i, a slave?
Mantra #2:  I will do just fine in front of 100 students...
You'll have to stand tip-toed with your arms crossed above your head.
I will not argue with my mom about anything.
I was supposed to go to school today to research* and finish checking my students' data sheets but I wanted to sleep all day.
He can use this to choose between good and evil.
unfortunately, both are offline.
There's no other way of looking at it but a gross obsession to the use of internet.
I'll try my best to have a positive attitude.
potsky: eh nachicken ako e. lol.
im on my 6th day of "bumhood" and so far, its been boring.
i will be writing updates of whats going on in my life by topic.
marie: oo pero rose na walang malisya.
Everybody wears white shirt.
im  not losing the pounds but im still eating healthily.
nagiinit ang puso ko sa tuwa pag ganun e. kahit pag sa kaibigan lang.
Inaamin ko na nakipagsapalaran ako sa pagkuha ng M. S. degree dahil inakala kong wala akong pupuntahan matapos grumaduate ng B. S. Isa pang dahilan ay dahil sa ito ang karaniwang landas na tinahak ng mga ka-batch ko.
tulad ng pagsasayang ng oras sa net kakaisip kung saan ako makakabili ng murang manual na SLR.
No more games for us anymore.
I agree with the quiz results.
i dont think ill still have the time to accomplish most of the tasks ive listed down.
WEIRD  as its title may seem, this movie will definitely make you appreciate your blessings in life.
Just remembering the context of my dream makes me want to hide in shame.
Imagine - no commitment,no strings attached.
- Vincent Van Gogh, (1853 – 1890)  So here's a list of my mid-year resolutions..
The blisters generally last for two to three weeks.
well im not exactly lonely.
sana matapos na problema ko.
=) (im hoping against hopes that there will come a time that i will be spending my day with the same feeling of happiness and liberation with a guy i like and remember every detail like i did today) i feel depressed and disappointed about my students' performance on their first exam.
-----------------------------------------     kahapon din, nagisang taon na palang  namatay ang aso kong si Filart.
Nakakawiling pumunta sa Makati na nakasakay sa MRT mula Quezon Avenue papuntang Ayala station.
What do you expect, someone to just walk up to you and ask you where you want it?
------ Starry Night       "It is good to love many things, for therein lies strength, and whosoever performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done with love is well done."
About 20 percent of those people who have had chicken pox will get zoster at some time during their lives.
No funny feeling in my stomach.
Maybe I needed to change something about myself.
marie: o ano naman ang nalaman mo about the girl?
remember: a MUST this sembreak motivation: will be driving myself to school by second sem.
Ilan lang yan sa mga gumugulo sa isip ko ngayon na di ko masolusyunan.
That dreams are the manifestations of our sub-conscious minds' desires is not always true after all.
A quick merienda with two of my friends, Alvin and Jacque, turned out to be a 5-hour dinner date.
