Post the text of the sentence in your journal along with these instructions.
We did have a balcony, which was good, I suppose.
Don't just pretend it's fine.
The Sonnet Deliberate Gentle Love Dreamer (DGLDf)  ALWAYS AVOID: The 5-Night Stand, The False Messiah, The Hornivore, The Last Man on Earth   CONSIDER: The Loverboy   Go take it, and tell me who you are.
Life is lovely and fabbity fab fab for me with Eddie... tweedle dee... and other things that rhyme w/ EE.
Your a bit odd and as many say "Your head is in the clouds."
Ashy has her license and so we drove around Boulder and Louisville all day.
Not to mention Barenaked Ladies are making me happier.
So then we went and wandered around Flatirons for a bit, then he took me home, and the garage door was being stupid and the keypad like doesn't work anymore.
It's another of that same artist, called L'art et la litterature, I believe.
Today, members of the conspiracy are everywhere.
Just being in the right company would make me laugh until it hurt, give me that creative inspiration for countless unnamed works.
It's the coolest thing, silver and black, huge... metal tip.
Any normal human would freak out, and not be able to defend themself.
Erm, not a whole lot happening at the moment.
Zeus impregnated her with a "shower of gold" or a ray of light... however you want to interpret that.
On a lesser scale than death and war- hierarchies.
I wish we slept during the day.
But, yeah... it was fun, but I'm a bit tired so I'll tell you everything (and I do mean down to the smallest detail) tomorrow.
Eventually, they will outrun us... we won't have the technology, the time, the money, etc.
It was the woman's first marriage.
So, Dede and Jordy have excuses for not being online.
Very suburb area, which is great.
Keep taking quizzes, you know it tempts you!
I guess the favorite color silver is bad... for my destiny.
I know it's unattainable.
Everyone should look at the guestbook for a moment.
AND    Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  By Joanne Kathleen Rowling.
He got up a couple times to pace around the plane... only to sit down and a few minutes later exclaim quitely "Fuck!"
3) Human nature calls for a need of order, some heirarchy to keep things in line.
Your soulmate      Your Partner Has Said That You...    Are their favorite person      Your Love is Summed Up In A Quote.
He really was the best teacher (high school, I'm not dissing Mrs. Bamford or anything) I could've imagined.
Oh, and check out the links if you get bored.
So it's been a while, but I figure I post a lot more than most people do, so it's okay.
They had games, so Lauren and I tried to play Sorry, but Matthew kept drawing our cards for us and moving our pieces... and so it was very confusing, and he was basically playing w/ himself.
I have Bio first period!!!
Mon dieu, the smell is like nothing else in the world!
And this is exactly why humans are so violent- they are fucking terrified because they're defenseless.
And of course I don't carry a key... oh well.
Anyway, someone remind me.
There's a cd of Monty Python skits!
K, so before I retire, I've thought of something lovely to blog.
I have a fucking 4.1 GPA...
Yeah, you be thinking about that, you'll be hearing more from me.
You have peculer ways and thoughts.
So then dinner, and all the younger people were outside... we kept laughing at Matthew who was both threatening to shoot everyone and saying amusing things.
It isn't bad, just shows that along with the good, you also can see bad, which can come in handy.
23) Demented surgeons will drive a half-inch steel rod through your cheeks and attach it to a water-skiing towrope, but unfortunately, they'll lose the bet that made them do it in the first place.
I'm going to add that to the list.
Did I put you on the spot?
So I must admit my newest, most severe addiction (adding to the long, long, long list)- these bloody Werther's Original hard candies... they taste like toffee.
Now, for a rant of sorts.
He was about 7' tall, so he felt the need to stretch a bit before sqeezing himself between united seats (horribly small, even I think so).
On one hand, I really, really, really cannot wait for the freedom of summer.
Even if it is cold right now... even if it's not thundering, I am content.
I didn't watch if after that, because the only worthwhile person left was Chris Kattan- I now have word he's left too.
Those socially unacceptable, ugly, negative words, the ones adults try to avoid using around kids, for fear that youngsters will hear and, god forbid, repeat.
But... it wasn't so long ago.
And last night, my other sister and Jordy came over, so we watched it again.
Everything is getting to me again, the workload, the tests, parents, and to add to all of that, Brady is moving to CA.
Hahaha, I've waited so long!
Of course I don't show that, and what you might see is a fraction of what goes on.
I wish I hung out with all my friends, more.
Quick- flock, mob, rush... do whatever you must!
And everybody clapped SO loud afterwards.
*Sigh* We need to get everybody together for lunch one day.
To begin with, media of all sorts (ie television, movies, internet, and advertisements everywhere) should henceforth be required to include subliminal messages.
So anyway, then Mike and I drove to Westminister Mall, which was neat cuz I haven't been there in a  long  time (oooh, I just realized I can do italics normally- ctrl + I- neat, sometimes I love blogger), but then we got bored cuz they don't have that many great stores.
I'm perfectly capable of movement, but not internally.
If you are, then might I suggest the  urlLink The Random Insight Forum.
Anyway- thousands of people die because they are seen as inferior.
And don't just see it for the Depp element.
All before lunch, which is of course an early thing at 11:15.
(where would I be w/out it) 22.
Fanfiction is an assembly of stories... using characters, settings, etc.
So, I heard the icecream truck again today.
They voted against it, they shot it down!
I love it when we dance dirrty.
That wonderful bright blue twinkling...
My assumption of the average would be three.
Like, what if my mother died by some twist of fate- custody might go to my father.
Going to a concert, a good one... and just screaming and dancing and worshipping and singing.
There is no long run in this, because life is short-lived.
Then it got progressively funnier, until we were making fun of him... then we were making funny noises and coordinating our 'oohs' and 'ahhs'.
People go inland so quickly, there's no chance for a market to stablize.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla You are a human shadow.
Mm, that wonderful smell permeating my room, my things.
Yet with us, it just flowed...we came up with our own topics and never let the conversation flow die.
Unfortunately Null doesn't read anonymous letters- actually she had to have read it, but not responded.
It's still going strong- stronger!
This is bad, because I'm only a few days in.
to defeat these little buggers, and they're going to create some 2nd plague.
And I saw this kinda shiny thing on the ground, looked dark brown or black.
So pleease comment, just tell me you're reading!
)- First it was Billy Idol, Rebel Yell, then it was Queen- Bohemian Rhapsody.
I loathe every inhalation because it sustains me until the next.
*mutter* Shit... aww fuck."
What would your Anime life be like?
If only it started at noon... at least I'd get proper sleep, then.
(mm, separate from society) 79.
