They have predatory business practices.
Yup..they're coming here.
I don't know the answer to that.
Yesterday, I had to wake up early at 6 A. M. to work (yes..I work on weekends) and spent my afternoon with friends.
We went there around 6 p. m. to catch the 7:15 show.
Can't wait to see the third one!
Some people say yes, but some people say no.
I didn't get to see them when they're playing at the theatre, so I just rented them.
Actually, we laughed more than we talked!!
I think I like&nbsp;this movie&nbsp;better than the first one, although I don't really remember the first one..hihihi.
That's the movie with Ashton Kutcher in it.
Well, maybe it's just me.
The weather has been really gloomy for the past couple of weeks.
Basically what I do is just serving food or swiping their meal cards.
I decided to do a research on "The Ethical Issues of Downloading Music via the Internet."
Plus Julian McMahon (Dr. Christian Troy) is so gorgeous!!
On Saturday night we usually  "nonton midnite."
It's kinda sad, but I'll see what I can do with the schedule.
We also organize and create events, which I always enjoy doing.
It's always raining and the sun only comes out once in a while.
I got a split shift at work today, so I got a chance to take a nap..hihihi.
They sell fake corporate responsibility.
And "luckily", it was pretty nice outside.
This movie is.."interesting"..it's just like one of those Twilight Zone movies, but I prefer to watch twilight zone instead of this movie.
It's not like an Asian restaurant at all.
Tomorrow is another new day at work.
It was really..really hot and sunny.
The meeting only took about 10 minutes, then we decided to play Bocce Ball, one of my favorite sports hihihihi.
After that, we had some Japanese food in downtown for dinner.
Well..it's easier said than done.
I guess thanks to "redlight".
It was a great night and an A+ movie.
By the way, yesterday was father's day, so  "Happy Father's Day"  to all dads!!
(Did you see Bourne Identity?
I made a lot of plans, and I just found out yesterday that I have to be in a two weeks full of training when they're here.
I kind of miss the old times when I was still in Jakarta.
But it's alright, it will be fun..fun..fun!!
Like in Friendster for example, lots of those bulletin boards questions are about these subjects.
I don't know,&nbsp;I get scared easily&nbsp;by watching that kind of movie.&nbsp;I also haven't seen Fahrenheit 9/11, The Terminal, and The Notebook.
They will be put inside the campus' dorms and apartments.
urlLink  Kathleen Kelly   : No.
On Friday night I usually go out with friends.. kadang2 mencoba tempat2 baru..hehe .
I thought it was so disturbing, but I kept watching it anyway..hehe.
I, honestly, didn't really get the connection between the Chaos theory and the butterfly effect.
It will keep coming back and haunt you on every little step that you make, every minute, every day.
There are lots of good movies at the theatre that I haven't seen.
We went to City Park at noon and had lunch there.
Gosh, I miss home so much.
Anyway, I'm thinking of moving to DC, which is where she lives right now, after I graduate, to apply for that broadcasting job that we're talking about.
What if..this dream is supposed to come true?
Can't wait to see more of it next week.
I just got back from work and it's raining..again.
Weekend seemed really fun.
We're going to see fireworks at City Park, tonight.
Although it would not be as perfect as it was before.
You've Got Mail is one of my favorite movies of all time.
It's been like this since this afternoon.
As usual, me and Puma ended up at my place, watching the Food network channel.
Tired..tired..tired..tomorrow I have to get up early again to work and do a lot of other things.. sigh .
We had to walk around campus and went to advocacy offices to get information and learn about their programs.
Did you guys see that  urlLink nip/tuck   show on FX earlier?
It sounds like a fun job, and it will be a great experience for me if I want to get a similar job back home.
I was sent home early because they have too many people.
Don't you think that your dad needs appreciation too?
But I will see my parents too in about two weeks though.
Sometimes just to sit at home, watch tv, and do nothing can be relaxing.
We stopped at dairy queen for ice cream on the way home..yumm!!
Maybe I'm just bored with all the food.
I had fun, until I discovered that my room was full of bugs!!
You feel comfortable when you're together and feel like you're missing your other half when he's not around.
They look so cute together.
It's cold and cloudy in July.&nbsp;Today is around 57 F and&nbsp;I think it's gonna rain again tonight.
Here in Fort Collins, we also have a lot of local owner coffee shops.
Hmm..what else..I got home two hours ago from eating out with puma and went to Walmart to buy some stuff.
Although it's only gonna be a weekend get away, I'm still really excited!!!
Can lovers stay friends after going through a painful break up?
I remember when I was in high school, if we didn't have school on Saturday, we always went to new york cafe to watch the Groove on stage..hehe..they always knew our crowd, because we're all girls..hehe.
I ordered a cup of my favorite soup there, enchiladas soup, and buffalo wings with bleu cheese.
But the quote above is my real answer.
The next day we all just felt exhausted and ready to go home.
They have a really good food there, from sushi to tempura to Korean barbecue.
I also talked to A-lie, one of my bestfriends since forever, on the phone today.
Just to see your instant messenger blinking with his name on it can make you happy, because you know that he's thinking about you.
Doing things like paying landlords to not renew leases for coffee shops so that they can move in.
When we got there..it was sold out!!
I think that their coffee sucks.
I can't believe that Summer is almost over.
I have only 18 days left before school starts and I haven't done anything exciting this Summer.
Well, that's all for now.
And...they say that you will feel the Starbucks experience when you drink their coffee.
The question that keeps coming up is,  "should I wait..or should I not?"
I spent my morning by just sitting around in front of my computer, browsing, waiting for my bid at ebay to end, and chatting with  urlLink Mur  who's still having fun in Jakarta!!
Although I have to work almost everyday, I still have some time to relax and have some fun.
So, yesterday, after I got home from working long hours,&nbsp;the four of us&nbsp;went to see I, Robot.
Starbucks is spreading the world like a virus, infecting cultures with their formula of what a coffee shop should be.
Me and some friends went to see Spiderman 2  on Friday.
I asked my manager if I could go home and he said the big YES.
Still, I've been busy with work and stuff.
You can never predict them.
It was awesome, I like it a lot.
