If you could live in someone else's head for a bit, I bet you'd be surprised to find out they're NOT beneath you.
I will have to bring my laptop to school.
Then I won't be sick of the Hinata one when I do it at Comiket.
I'm thinking of getting an actual account if this survives the initial interesting phase.
THUS, this chatterthingie!
That, and making one would be such a pain in the ass even if I DID know how.
But I learned how to do  urlLink THIS  So, I debated making all the links like that, but it would have meant going back and cutting up the main page pictures and making a table that would work for it all an too much bloody hassle.
I'm going to get some of the stuff AFTER the con, I think that's irony.
Just like the man behind that page.
But it simply won't have any of that.
grrr Mood: callitive   I have decided that the friends that I made in Halifax are very troublesome.
SCROLL DOWN to get to info!!
3 posts today if you count the picture, sorry guys!!
Classes today were rather amusing though.
You hold a grudge like a brass ring.
Or the english teacher who seems to think I'm a lepper.
It could have been worse.
Your self-opinion and mood depends greatly on those around you.
That's pointless logic though because it's the type of thing that a person has to accept to believe and the people who would benefit from it the most are unacceptable to it.
Ill have my email back soon.
So, there's this thing here that you get clean outside of the bath so when your soaking, your not getting the bath water dirty, cause everyone will use the same bath water.
And it's not even fully summer vacaton yet... hope you guys want lots of posts.
I plan to go back, maybe Wednesday before I leave.
He can have his opinion, he can even believe that printing anti-gay pamphlets is the right thing to do.
I don't suppose you can really sterilize lettuce can you?
So, that's one happy thing.
One of the teachers actually SAW that one.
I have one without my  website on it, but tripod is being weird and won't let me into that folder.
aka do I have the right hair without the annoyance of a wig?
I have actually USED that hen na koto pun here too.
I may have to go by myself!
Plus, once they have them, i would be folly to have them set in stone.
I, in my ifinate wisdom, have found a way for you people to annoy, er I meeeeann, INFORM me without having to leave comments.
I even have the right hair just now, my eartails are just by my chin line now since I have switched to Hinata hair.
I outlined my meager and short life span there.
So many, many people who think that their particular education and personality makes them smarter.
Other than that nothing much interesting has happened lately.
Mood:   I always post so much at one time, it must be confusing for you guys.
Then I clicked on the birds and the bees story, which is what the link goes to directly.
Learned a bit of Chinese too!
Now they have the post from your cell phone deal that Blogger has.
I was reading a blog today, and it really struck me how lucky I am that my friends are who they are.
And the teacher that's like Roxanne apparently isn't any better at a party than at work.
I should be able to stay up for 3 days to finish this and crash, but nooooo, gots me an office jooob!
I don't have a light in that room yet though, it's one of the things I'm supposed to buy myself.
Makes me feel kinda petty and I try to be stronger because of you.
Yes, it's yet another one of Jan's projects.
Well... that would make   this   the good stuff, and I 'm not really sure I can assert that with any confidence.
Now, you may be confused at that, but this person isn't one of my friends, just a friend of a friend in a technical sense.
Blame this on a conversationi I had with Jennifer.
If it weren't for you guys I'd be used to everyone putting themselves first, worrying about their own problems and only talking about themselves all day.
PS...damn, the only thing keeping that picture from showing up was a bloddy = sign!
Kinda feeling the festivities from last night.
Yes, you can see how well THAT must be going, ne?
I feel kinda iffy about putting my blog up on a site that Im not hosting.
No idea how long THIS will take...  And birds... well some of you might remember the little bird that was exploring my house the day after I moved in.
urlLink    I don't think he trusts that cat...  Now, aint that neat!?
Wackiness: 60/100 Rationality: 56/100 Constructiveness: 62/100 Leadership: 58/100    You are a WRCL--Wacky Rational Constructive Leader.
If I have a great idea for the costume, like the Naruto sleeping hat.
room that seems to involve boiling strawberries and it smells sooooo good!!
You may be too sensitive to others reactions, especially criticism.
I bet my parents are proud!
Kinda embarassing, good thing that guy has a sense of humour.
I'll let you see them later.
Thats worth wearing a wig for.
So, to keep the water warm there's a cover for the bath.
I got the word wrong so at first she thought it was a cockroach and didn't know what to do, but then she saw it and it was a beetle so it was all good cause the kids keep them as pets and her son wanted it.
Although you have a leader's personality, you often choose not to lead, as leaders stray too far from their audience.
urlLink I got to this page  because it was written on a buddys shirt in the Penny Arcade comic today.
P. S.  The spell Checker told me to change Shanny to Shanghai... hehehe Mood:  still sandy!
just links, images and breaks.
I want to put something up there.
It's not just about holding your own under fire, its about not firing on others as well.
(^O^) Mood:   It's a beautiful day today!
com and Im waiting for my mom to mail it to me.
(shame on you for not wanting to share with us, what don't you love us anymore?)
Since, I cant order FFXI from amazon.
Oh and what IS up with the coughing?
I just cant figure it out.
I haven't mailed the gifts I bought my cousins from Kyoto, OR the stuff I got my mom and dad from Tokyo.
mmm,  my parfait just came.
New ideas should be reviewed and judged on their own merits.
That's why I have to change a blogger template and not make one myself.
Ive been waiting for cooler weather so I could do Kakashi since wigs are kinda hot to be under.
ã‚ã‚“ã©ã†ãã›ã€€ãªã‚ã‚ï¼ I'm pretty much packed but I'm going to be living at my old apartment till the 1st so I'll be living outta a bag till Tuesday.
i hope everyones holding up well.
One of them speaks rather good English.
Gah, sorry to rant guys, but it does bug me when I see that part of some peoples personalities.
Dragging one plot point out way to far.
Everyone of those people will ignore a statement like that as well, maybe they don't think I'm intelligent enough to criticize them, they who KNOW what's right.
...yes, I looked up that word.
Mind you it could get confusing if a comment up there is for a post down the page quite a bit... but I think this is my best solution.
Mine a roll up type and is curently being used in place of the chimney pipeing.
Maybe burn off all my Naruto manga scans, I really want to send a copy to my cousin so I can get her addicted to Naruto, cause it's so great.
Douglas Adams Mood: ok, but slightly annoyed   I have decided to do Kiba for the June 12th (13th?)
often think of the much worse things that some of you put up with, or had to deal with to get to where you are, or are worrying about for the future.
All i did was click some words and somehow they knew that I still hate that Chris kid for that thing back in grade 3!
com account to leave messages and some of my fine viewers don't have said accounts.
Good thing I have lots of extra hair from when I got it cut.
Goes something like --> I looked in the mirror and scowled at the bags under my eyes, no amount of wearing my contacts will make them go away, I hate them!!
