you're gross
What are you doing to my typing??? I didnt type that!! You BETTER stop that or your going to get it!!!! With whipped cream and butter and cheese and bread and monkeys and purple stuff and green stuff to go with it  and some nachos and a burp at the end.
SEE A WHOLE LOT OF NOTHIN!!!!!!!
I will! Just watch and you'll see me as a dirty crack whore!!
PROVE IT!!!!!!!!!!
FLOSS
I don't think! Im hung the most in this planet!!(not)
someone who's more hung than you
Who's Larry??
Larry's hung like a whale!  FLOSS
Im hung like a mini horse
oh yeah  FLOSS
Lisel that's like an insult to larry
Lary is very hung.  He is a tripod. he is hung like a donkey.
FLOSS!
mmmmm cheese
roger your wandering off topic  FLOSS!
Ahhh the power of cheese
FLOSS
OH YES MY OWN BLOG
WHOOOHOOOOOOO
you are so weird
Yeah you know you like it, Just admit it!
that's just weird
So I take Viagra!
lisel smells
What in the hell are you guys talking about?   Im bored...  i have to help little 1st graders at westfield school.....    MY LIFE IS A LIVING HELL  bye
does it now?
OOh, that really turns me on!!!
ANYMORE QUESTIONS????
OK!!!! weeee
MY COUSIN.
Who's geni??
ok fine whatever
stop being like me,  please.
omg mary! stop going getting inside my blogger thingy, and puttin other crap. gosh. mind your own stuff!
oh him!!!! i like eggs!!!! cows go moo!!!!
TOM FROM TEXAS
having aim is not like having an email addy. but yeah...this is my sn btw: genidotcom...hehe...who's tom anyway?
IT'S OKAY GEN YOU DON'T HAVE TO INTRODUCE YOURSELF THEY WOULD HAVE FIGURED IT OUT EVENTUALLY. . . I THINK. . .  AND GEN YOU DIDN'T LEAVE YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS FOR THEM TO HIT YOU UP ON. . . OH YEAH STAY AWAY FROM  TOM!!!
well yeah, you guys prolly don't know who i am. and it was very rude of me not introducing myself. my name is geni, and i'm mary's cousin. ^_^ this is prolly the only way we could keep in contact w/ each other, other than the cell fone. anyway, if any of you have aim and wanna tawk, just hit me up.
well, it's nice to know that i get to finally tawk to you once in a while on line...and not just waste minutes...hehe...anyway...since you're here...i'll just see you on line i guess...*wink wink* byeness!
hi mary! hows it goin?
BETTER THAN BEING A GORILLA YOU STUPID POOPY HEAD GORILLA!!!!! ARRGGGHHHH!!!!!!
Then they'll think that you did it because YOU look like a Gorilla!!!!
I'LL TELL EVERYONE YOU DIED IN MEXICO BY MEANS OF LARGE RAMPAGING GORILLAS
I wont go to school then. What are you going to do about that??
Hey mary whats up? so hows the summer been for ya.... well talk to u laterz  Britt
OH THANKS FOR REMINDING ME DIEGO. . . YOU HAVE LESS THAN A WEEK TO EAT SOLID FOOD BEFORE SCHOOL STARTS. .  .
Nothing I was just kidding, dont beat me up.
AND WHAT EXACTLY IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN??!!?!?!?!!?!?!???!
Well find out!
i dunno
Hey Mary, how come you dont post anything anymore?
neato.... cool..
hey look what i learned to do!!
MWUAHAHAHAHA!!! I HAVE MESSED WITH MY BLOG ONCE AGAIN!!! I NOW HAVE A GUEST BOOK?
COWS GO MOO!!! CHICKEN GO . . . UH.  . . I FORGET. BUT COWS GO MOO!!
well what are ya gonna do?? hey lisel i made u one of the admin. of my blog so do yur biznez and junk already
nasty....
HAPPY TOM DAY!!!
YEAH I KNOW. . .
yuck...
I DUNNO. . . WHY DO  YOU  FART SO MUCH???
One more question, Why do I fart so much????? Answer that!!!!
WHOOOOHOOO!!!! ALMOST TWO WEEKS AND  NO  SODA!!! YAY!!! PLUS I HAVEN'T BEEN HEARING THE LOUD PIERCING NOISE YET!!!
urlLink la la la Mr. Stabby la la la
yay for sarah!! she made it on the  school  online newspaper! yay for her! okay maybe some of you don't think this is very interesting but i do! yay for sarah!   urlLink YAY FOR SARAH!!
"i am a batthumb" ??? what the hell is that supposed to mean?? i didn't think you could get any more weirder.
Mary you are stupid oh yeah don't forget Bruce is Gone WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Hey yall I finally tawked     and oh yeah  Ray for El Presidente (a.k.a.) the brown guy   Play with Clay Ray for President   Ray For emperor    Vote For RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!! HE has HANDS     I am SuperThumb Whoosh  go away I hate you all  Don't Be Gay Vote For Ray!!!!!!!   Woot to the infinity  I know where he lives He lives inside all of you  Power to the People   Werd no wait its Word  I need a drink  Okay I think I am done typing                         Wait no I'm not weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee    Ray for Emperor  I am BatThumb
WEIRD FUNNY BOUNCING OFF THE WALLS.  STUDIOUS, NOT REALLY. I LIKE TO SLEEP. I'M  A  FOOD  CONNOSIEUR. I  LIKE  FOOD.  WEIRD FUNNY BOUNCING OFF THE WALLS.  MARY WROTE THIS. . .
READ MY LIVEJOURNAL.  urlLink *twitch*   then read lisel's  urlLink CLICK HERE
mehehe!! you should see the sequal. . .      urlLink the sequal
arggggg look its me again holler die snape die  its naked time bother bother bother bother bother
urlLink What Famous Leader Are You?
Who were you in a past life? by  urlLink  Kat007        Name:           Birthdate:           Favorite Color:           Country:           You were most probably:    Albert Einstein       If not then you were:    Elizabeth Short              Created with  urlLink   quill18  's  urlLink  MemeGen 3.0  !
You are Spaceballs! You have a strange obsession with odd furry creatures and you need to pick your helmet up when drinking coffee.  You can go from suck to blow in a matter of seconds, but you're really just looking for a good time in a winnebago.    urlLink   Which Mel Brooks Movie Are You?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla
super_sycoh Highway    Tower of Commitment    9      Wealthville    24      Hobotown    66      Childbirth Hospital    156      Fame City    319      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      urlLink Where are you on the highway of life?   From  urlLink Go-Quiz.com
Well it's about time that I got back to noticing my blogs....so...*notices blogs*
Which Historical Lunatic Are You? You are Nicola Tesla, inventor of the Tesla Coil!   A minister's son from Simljan in Austria-Hungary, you were precocious from an early age. At three you could multiply three-digit numbers in your head and calculate how many seconds visitors to your home had lived. In awe of your older brother Dane, you shot a pea-shooter at his horse, causing it to throw him and inflict injuries from which he later died. This tragedy haunted you ever after. You frequently suffered bouts of illness with hallucinations throughout your life. During one affliction of cholera, you encountered the writing of Mark Twain, with whom you were later to be close friends. Later, another, this time mystery, illness inexplicably heightened your senses to a painful extent, only relenting when you hit upon the idea of the alternating current motor.   You developed an aversion to human contact, particularly involving hair, and a fear of pearls; when one would-be lover kissed you, you ran away in agony. Later, you insisted that any repeated actions in your day-to-day life had to be divisible by three, or, better yet, twenty-seven. You would, for example, continue walking until you had executed the required number of footsteps. You refused to eat anything until you had calculated its exact volume. Saltine crackers were a favourite for their uniformity in this respect. In the midst of important work, you forgot trivial details such as eating, sleeping or, on one memorable occasion, who you were.   Your inventions, always eccentric, began on a suitably bizarre note. The first was a frog-catching device that was so successful, and hence so emulated by your fellow children, that local frogs were almost eradicated. You also created a turbine powered by gluing sixteen May bugs to a tiny windmill. The insects panicked and flapped their wings furiously, powering the contraption for hours on end. This worked admirably until a small child came along and ate all the creatures alive, after which you never again touched another insect.   Prompted by dreams of attaining the then-ridiculed goal of achieving an alternating-current motor, you went to America in the hope of teaming up with Thomas Edison. Edison snubbed you, but promised fifty thousand dollars if you could improve his own direct-current motor by 20% efficiency. You succeeded. Edison did not pay up. It was not long until you created an AC motor by yourself.   Now successful, you set up a small laboratory, with a few assistants and almost no written records whatsoever. Despite it being destroyed by fire, you invented the Tesla Coil, impressing even the least astute observer with man-made lightning and lights lit seemingly by magic. Moving to Colorado Springs, you created a machine capable of sending ten million volts into the Earth's surface, which even while being started up caused lightning to shoot from fire hydrants and sparks to singe feet through shoes all over the town. When calibrated to be in tune with the planet's resonance, it created what is still the largest man-made electrical surge ever, an arc over 130 feet long. Unfortunately, it set the local power plant aflame.   You returned to New York, incidentally toying with the nascent idea of something eerily like today's internet. Although the wealthiest man in America withdrew funding for a larger, more powerful resonator in short order, it did not stop you announcing the ability to split the world in two. You grew ever more diverse in your inventions: remote-controlled boats and submarines, bladeless turbines, and, finally, a death ray.   While whether the ray ever existed is still doubtful, it is said that you notified the Peary polar expedition to report anything strange in the tundra, and turned on the ray. First, nothing happened; then it disintegrated an owl; finally, reports reached you of the mysterious Tunguska explosion, upon which news you dismantled the apparatus immediately. An offer during WWII to recreate it was, thankfully, never acted upon by then-President Wilson. Turning to other matters, you investigated the forerunner of radar, to widespread derision.   Your inventions grew stranger. One oscillator caused earthquakes in Manhattan. You adapted this for medical purposes, claiming various health benefits for your devices. You found they let you work for days without sleep; Mark Twain enjoyed the experience until the sudden onset of diarrhoea. You claimed to receive signals in quasi-Morse Code from Mars, explored the initial stages of quantum physics; proposed a "wall of light", using carefully-calibrated electromagnetic radiation, that would allegedly enable teleportation, anti-gravity airships and time travel; and proposed a basic design for a machine for photographing thoughts. You died aged 87 in New York, sharing an apartment with the flock of pigeons who were by then your only friends.   Ridiculed throughout your life (Superman fought the evil Dr. Tesla in 1940s comics), you were posthumously declared the father of the fluorescent bulb, the vacuum tube amplifier and the X-ray machine, and the Supreme Court named you as the legal inventor of the radio in place of Marconi. Wardenclyffe, the tower once housing your death ray, was dynamited several times to stop it falling into the hands of spies. It was strangely hard to topple, and even then could not be broken up.      urlLink     urlLink Which Historical Lunatic Are You?    urlLink From the fecund loins of Rum and Monkey.
Do I really need anymore places to blog?? Hmm....*goes to ponder*                                        FIRST POST.
urlLink   border=0>     HAHA. That amused me. I feel good today, despite my ....piling problems. Hehe. I got online today to find reviews in my mailbox. I dunno..reviews always have such a euphoric effect on me. They're my really strange pick-me-up. =P hehe. Soooo nothing interesting going on in my life recently. Just the usual "so bored...why no stuff do?"
SANA'Y WALA NANG WAKAS Sharon Cuneta  Sana'y wala ng wakas Kung pag-ibig ay wagas Paglalambing sa'yong piling Ay ligaya kong walang kahambing  REFRAIN: Kung 'di malimot ng tadhana Bigyang-tuldok ang ating ligaya Walang hanggan ay hahamakin Pagka't walang katapusan kitang iibigin  CHORUS: Kahit na ilang tinik ay kaya kong tapakan Kung 'yan ang paraan upang landas mo'y masundan Kahit ilang ulit ako'y iyong saktan Hindi kita maaaring iwanan  Kahit ilang awit ay aking aawitin Hanggang ang himig ko'y maging himig mo na rin Kahit ilang dagat ang dapat tawirin Higit pa riyan ang aking gagawin  Sana'y wala ng wakas Kapag hapdi ay lumipas Ang mahalaga ngayon ay pag-asa Dala ng pag-ibig saksi buong daigdig repeat REFRAIN repeat CHORUS  'Di lamang pag-ibig ko 'Di lamang ang buhay ko'y ibibigay Sa ngalan ng pag-ibig mo Higit pa riyan aking mahal ang alay ko    Eto ang favorito ko na lov song. at yung paborito kong singer, si ate shawy ang kumanta den nito. :D
Nothing's been really great..and nothing's been really craptastic. I can't escape the mundane, and I can't control my life. Why doesn't the world just stop turning?
