Today I did not disguise my residence in order to throw off "visitors" who now know the location of my house and hence can climb through the window, cut off my legs, and replace them with salami whenever the mood strikes them.
This day I did not save the chip of my chipped tooth for the dentist to emulate in reproducing for the chip in my tooth.
Today I didn't challenge the Four Fabulous Flying Fungi to a fencing match to the death (or cheese, as the case may be).
This day I managed not to realize that I could not eat the raw cookie dough hiding underneath my bed in a neat, blue ziploc container that would hold my desire without fear of freezer-burn.
This day I did not fail a friend in respecting his boudaries made of pizza lined trench coats.
Today I did not attack an Albanian fire-rabbit who, despite the telling bread crumbs on the floor, had really not eaten three hundred pounds of my very own, signature, one-of-a-kind-squid pancakes.
Today I did not give a firework to a French librarian in exchange for the privilege of taking off my shoes in the mortuary.
Today I did not waltz into a bagel shop and steal 40lbs. of Russian Sailor spit with an incredibly large novelty thimble.
Today I didn't do anything I was supposed to do.  Nor did I eat fried green tomatoes.
Today I did not wander aimlessly in a forest of dead iguanas while fighting off rabid chickadees with nothing to lose.
Today I did not compete with Vishnu in a Connect-Four game of epic, and cosmic, proportions.
Today, I did not go medieval on a fake zombie's rear-end.
Today I didn't push David off the cliff at Hillbilly golf, even though I really wanted to. (Going over par is no reason to be snide.)
I didn't stalk Ed Johnson, sell 18 hats for $175,506,496 or eat mushrooms today.
Today I did not dissuade God from temporarily avoiding a downpour of rain while I hiked down a mountain and watched my sister melt.
This day I did not steal the cute asian twin baby girls or a curly headed indian baby boy while commencing to commence at the commencement ceremony.
This day I did not fall on my face in front of all the customers at Ye Olde Steak House while attempting to seat patrons with grace and agility.
Today I did not much of the possible, feasible, and the grey area in between.
This day I did not do the impossible.
Today, I did not capture a boat of illegal immigrants in the yaught I don't have and force them to harvest my fields of kiwi with nothing but their bare hands.
Today, I did not yell "Shut the duck up!!" at Andrew's angry, hissing mallard.
Today I did not brutally incinerate the people who cut in line while we were waiting for receipts for parking permits.
Today I did not skip on the trapeze while juggling watermelons for a crowd of angry and irate midgets.
Today I did not feed the camel I don't have a barrel of very salty cucumbers.
Today I did not give Caitlin credit for her wonderful idea of creating this blog (How's that for paradox!).
Today I did not wage war upon a colony of dustbunnies who refuse to pay my tyrannical tariffs because it would require me to actually get off my lazy rear and do work.  Today Martha has not climbed on top of her roof where she was not abducted by aliens while eating fried worms.  Today, like yesterday and tomorrow, Abner Doubleday did not invent baseball.
Today I didn't tactfully handle an unwanted gesture of social good will without being a cruel, selfish, lazy bureacratic tax collector.
Today I was not sent up the river without a wombat.
Today I did not eat three hundred pounds of tuna with a plastic butterknife.
Today I did not raise my war flag high as I sailed on the oceans of orange ketchup riddled with toxic raisins bent on my destruction.
Today I didn't yodel the lyrics to "I'm too Sexy" while strapping a salami to my neck and running head first into a large mound of green jello.
Today I didn't host a hoe-down in the middle of a blizzard, in Alaska, as a going away party for the Patron God of Florists.
Today I did not raise a tiny seed into a varmint eating zombie tree from Venus while explaining to Elizabeth that affirmative comments even with conjunctions are not allowed and that double negatives vere dangerously close.
This day I did not not understand what the hell Dylan was talking about in his mentioning of  "Easterly" in a previous post.
Today I did not leave the gates of Hell open while I went to go walk the dog.
Today I did not hurl a pole throw the third story window of a rich, wealthy, young poodle tamer.
Today I did not grow a third pair of earlobes while chastising Easterly who is dangerously close to cheating.
This day I did not let the sand slip through my fingers, and instead I kept a bucket underneath my hands to catch the few balmy, beachy, peachy grains.
Today I did not fall in love with a skeleton of the past dressed in neon overalls.
Today I did not sail the Seven Seas in search of a lost bus ticket that was my only real pass to salvation in the great state of Iowa.
Today I did not die trying.
Today I did not tango with a tarantula because it just wasn't in the mood.
Today I did not blow away on the wind's of change only to find I'd left my wallet at home.
Today I didn't gallop into the horizon only to simultaneously prove that the world is flat and that gravity, does in fact, exist.
This day I did not attempt to crush his soul, but where do I cease the pain?
Today I did not raise an unholy homeless army of vagrants and send them out to strike stink and bummery into the hearts of the streetwalkers under the slogan "If it ain't drunk, it ain't me!"
This day I did not succumb to the serene and subtle sounds of the solitary, stilletto-clad soul singing a sorrowful sonata.
Today I did not craft an invincible plan so foolproof that only the Hand of God Himself could prevent me from finally obtaining the fabled "Last Cupcake on the Table."
This day I did not resist the urge to watch a British comedy filmed with American actors while creating a birthday collage of press-on nails, sea shells, and empty makeup compacts with fingernail polish.
Today I did not finish my ACT and promptly drive to ACT headquarters, whip out a nailgun, and go to town on the creators of said test.
Today I didn't waste away into an oblivion of dust particles and cause someone to get a really, really nasty sinus headache.
Today I did not rise up, excel, conquer, and do the Hokey-Pokey with an inebriated squirrel.
Today I didn't raze an innocent fishing village because it had the severe misfortune of being named "Flamableville".
Today I didn't howl at the moon in the deep, dark grass in the big, black trees that are made out of glass.
Today I did not begin a 24-hour posting marathon instead of leaving for Georgia to be ready for my flight to Africa.
Today I did not transcend my adolescent form to become the One True Oyster and establish my shiny realm/utopia under the sea with a group of demented crocodiles armed with yodeling pillows.
This day I did not begin my training as new head blackberry picker for the Elysian Fields off of Highway 1 in Maryland for three dollars an hour.
Today I did not celebrate my birthday by putting on a grass hula skirt and run up and down  The Strip while singing songs from Fiddler on the Roof in Sanskrit.
Today I did not unilaterally invade a donut with sprinkles of mass yumminess.
Today I didn't go where the Wild Things sing in the blue, blue grass of the Tidal Ring.
Today I did not destroy the world with my robot legions programmed to waltz to Rhapsody in Blue while wearing three piece suits made of yellow Post-Its.
Today I didn't plan the demise of all civilization while yodeling the Spanish National Anthem through a half-empty half-gallon of icecream.
This day I didn't ransak the crevices of my body with the infernal regurgitation of flatulant fluid.
Today, I did not go anywhere near the Forbidden Sofa Cushion in the Living Room of Fear, fiercely guarded by the Dog Who Is Not Large And Is Really Irate About It.
Today I didn't boomshakalalalalawhoopwhoopdeedoo at least until happy hour.
This day I did not cheat on my boyfriend even though I technically can't cheat on him when I've got real bannana earings hooked onto my turtle wedgie... by the way, how DO you get those things out?!?!
Today I did not reveal the One True Pretzel to the Committe of Novelty Shoehorns for its' 14th annual Anti Blue Elephant Maiming Festival.
Today I did not bow down to the Almighty Ham Sandwich of 100% Tuna
Today I did not wallow in the lush and boutiful vegetables of my hard earned, two figure income.
Today I did not ruminate on the possible implications of the proposal presented to me on the subject on whether I should or should not, indeed, do the dew.
Today I did not assault a yodelling panda who would not sign my petition to "Stave the Quails."
Today I did not kill a rabid mutated kidney bean with a carefully placed, but foolishly aimed, jello javelin.
Today I did not glance in a dreamily hostile manner at a troupe of juggling anorexic chimpanzees on performance dehancing lollypops.
Today I did not create my own universe of dancing iguanas for my own perverse amusement or tax breaks.
Today I did not tear myself into two separate but equal parts in an attempt to segregate mind from body, heart from soul, and head from neck.
Today I did not capture the elusive "Forgotten Puzzle Piece of Indecipherable Sky" during a voyage into the heart of the Mediterraen Sea Food Restaurant.
Today I did not fire my secretary because she was unable to tie my shoelaces into magnificent ice sculptures.
Today I did not take on the world only to realize it wasn't the world at all, but a poisonous caterpillar that caused me to break on in song and change the world in ways I can not cope with and retain my sanity.
Today I did not yell obscenities at a wandering toothpick repairman while using my flaming balls of wax to cultivate a new denture crop.
Today I did not retain any qualms over harboring illegal aliens from the wartorn nation of Luxembourg after I accidentally forgot to tell them that their library books were not only due, but were also time bombs out to ruin their reputations, lives, and impeccably maintained upholstery.
Today I did not experiment with new posting options while engaging in a battle of wits with an   orange    bluebird  in a  red  convertible in front of the  whitewashed  CAPITAL  building.
Today I did not rival the majestic elm or attack its delicate sensibilities.
Today I did not Dance the Jig o' Death without a cleverly concealed tire iron in my right shoe.
Today I did not ponder the heinous crime of infrequent updates while partaking in the most divine Albanian Zebra Frog induced halleucinations I've ever had the misfortune to forget.
Today I did not try to make up for missing yesterday by writing two times as much today.
Today I did not symbolicly misinterpret a spear aimed straight for my lung to mean that my 5 o'clock date was postponed to 7:30.
Today, I did not do anything resembling an occult ritual or productive work.
Today I did not rain thousands of anti-assassin party pamphlets on a completely unsuspecting troop of Girl Scouts in the middle of the Everglades.
Today I did not dance with a flamingo who had two left feet of fur.
Today I did not have a duck or walrus souffle served on the rotten husk of yesteryear's aborted dreams.
Today I did not entertain any qualms I had about a nuclear teddy bear with a strictly choreographed song and dance operation involving sparklers and laughing gas.
Today I did not dramatically implicate my cohorts in a series of murders, larcenies, and jaywalking that ended in public execution for all but the most depraved lunatics found in the judicial system.
Today I did not fly into an electrical light meant to distract me from my tuberculosis ridden peanut butter target.
Today I did not fly into an electrical light meant to distract me from my tuberculosis ridden peanut butter target.
Today I did not melt into a gelatinous blob, pour myself into a series of limited edition soda bottles, and sell myself as a new "High Powered" energy drink to the unsuspecting masses.
Today I did not defend an assault to my honor with pistols, tuna, or purple.
Today I did not frame my latest death warrant for the murder of three mailmen, an icecream truck driver, and a hobo who saw all of it despite him being three states away.
