Enter Queene and Polonius.
He is already nam'd, and gone to Scone To be inuested Rosse.
Yes, by Saint Patricke, but there is my Lord, And much offence too, touching this Vision heere: It is an honest Ghost, that let me tell you: For your desire to know what is betweene vs, O'remaster't as you may.
Are all the rest come backe?
It was about to speake, when the Cocke crew Hor.
The sir King ha's wag'd with him six Barbary horses, against the which he impon'd as I take it, sixe French Rapiers and Poniards, with their assignes, as Girdle, Hangers or so: three of the Carriages infaith are very deare to fancy, very responsiue to the hilts, most delicate carriages, and of very liberall conceit Ham.
But in these Cases, We still haue iudgement heere, that we but teach Bloody Instructions, which being taught, returne To plague th' Inuenter, this euen-handed Iustice Commends th' Ingredience of our poyson'd Challice To our owne lips.
My fate cries out, And makes each petty Artire in this body, As hardy as the Nemian Lions nerue: Still am I cal'd?
Oh bosome, blacke as death!
I haue heard of your pratlings too wel enough.
Now Brutus thanke your selfe, This tongue had not offended so to day.
Good Gentlemen, Giue him a further edge, and driue his purpose on To these delights Rosin.
I, and brought off the field: your cause of sorrow Must not be measur'd by his worth, for then It hath no end Sey.
Did these bones cost no more the breeding, but to play at Loggets with 'em?
I am satisfied in Nature, Whose motiue in this case should stirre me most To my Reuenge.
Gracious so please ye We will bestow our selues: Reade on this booke, That shew of such an exercise may colour Your lonelinesse.
The Night ha's been vnruly: Where we lay, our Chimneys were blowne downe, And (as they say) lamentings heard i'th' Ayre; Strange Schreemes of Death, And Prophecying, with Accents terrible, Of dyre Combustion, and confus'd Euents, New hatch'd toth' wofull time.
Enter Macbeth, Lenox, and Rosse.
Nay, had I powre, I should Poure the sweet Milke of Concord, into Hell, Vprore the vniuersall peace, confound All vnity on earth Macd.
Wherefore should you doe this?
