Mrs. Jennings received the information with a great deal of joy, and many assurances of kindness and care; nor was it a matter of pleasure merely to her.
"My dear Mrs Smith, your authority is deficient.
Her silence disturbed him; and after observing her a little while, he added, "Emma, my love, you said that this circumstance would not now make you unhappy; but I am afraid it gives you more pain than you expected.
She would keep the peace if possible; and there was something honourable and valuable in the strong domestic habits, the all-sufficiency of home to himself, whence resulted her brother's disposition to look down on the common rate of social intercourse, and those to whom it was important.--It had a high claim to forbearance.
The preparations must take their time, nothing could be properly ready till the third week were entered on, and for a few days they must be planning, proceeding and hoping in uncertainty--at the risk-- in her opinion, the great risk, of its being all in vain.
As a counsellor she was not wanted; but as an approver, (a much safer character,) she was truly welcome.
But here, Elinor could neither wonder nor blame; and when she saw, as she assisted Marianne from the carriage, that she had been crying, she saw only an emotion too natural in itself to raise any thing less tender than pity, and in its unobtrusiveness entitled to praise.
It seems but the work of a moment.
"I do not wonder Captain Wentworth is delighted!
And Emma had the advantage of hearing her own silly compliment repeated twice over before the good old lady could comprehend it.
In general, it was a very well approved match.
Had Lady Dalrymple and her daughter even been very agreeable, she would still have been ashamed of the agitation they created, but they were nothing.
I little thought then-- but no matter.
Her many beginnings were displayed.
But Colonel, where have you been to since we parted?
"I am particularly sorry, ma'am," said he, addressing Lady Middleton, "that I should receive this letter today, for it is on business which requires my immediate attendance in town."
"A well-looking man," said Sir Walter, "a very well-looking man."
If he should have a numerous family, for instance, it would be a very convenient addition."
Good gracious!--In a moment I shall see the person that all my happiness depends on--that is to be my mother!"
Don't fancy that you will be any inconvenience to me, for I shan't put myself at all out of my way for you.
