And says; Thou mother of my children, I have loved thee And I have given thee a crown that none can take away.
Dost thou know who made thee?
So he took his wings, and fled; Then the morn blushed rosy red.
THE LITTLE BLACK BOY My mother bore me in the southern wild, And I  am black, but oh my soul is white!
INFANT SORROW My mother groaned, my father wept: Into the dangerous world I leapt, Helpless, naked, piping loud, Like a fiend hid in a cloud.
Tired and woe-begone, Hoarse with making moan, Arm in arm, seven days They traced the desert ways.
In what distant deeps or skies Burnt the fire of thine eyes?
Where lambs have nibbled, silent move The feet of angels bright; Unseen they pour blessing, And joy without ceasing, On each bud and blossom, And each sleeping bosom.
I went to the Garden of Love, And saw what I never had seen; A Chapel was built in the midst, Where I used to play on the green.
NURSE'S SONG When the voices of children are heard on the green, And laughing is heard on the hill, My heart is at rest within my breast, And everything else is still.
Once a youthful pair, Filled with softest care, Met in garden bright Where the holy light Had just removed the curtains of the night.
Queen of the vales, the matron Clay answered: I heard thy sighs.
I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow.
And God, like a father, rejoicing to see His children as pleasant and happy as he, Would have no more quarrel with the Devil or the barrel, But kiss him, and give him both drink and apparel.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
come hither And see the opening morn, Image of Truth new-born.
Speak, father, speak to you little boy, Or else I shall be lost."
In the age of gold, Free from winter's cold, Youth and maiden bright, To the holy light, Naked in the sunny beams delight.
HOLY THURSDAY 'Twas on a Holy Thursday, their innocent faces clean, Came children walking two and two, in read, and blue, and green: Grey-headed beadles walked before, with wands as white as snow, Till into the high dome of Paul's they like Thames waters flow.
APPENDIX A DIVINE IMAGE Cruelty has a human heart, And Jealousy a human face; Terror the human form divine, And Secresy the human dress.
