I suppose now ye feel considerable proud of having served in those marchant ships.
Yet was this half-horrible stolidity in him, involving, too, as it appeared, an all-ramifying heartlessness;--yet was it oddly dashed at times, with an old, crutch-like, antediluvian, wheezing humorousness, not unstreaked now and then with a certain grizzled wittiness; such as might have served to pass the time during the midnight watch on the bearded forecastle of Noah's ark.
Now, in his heart, Ahab had some glimpse of this, namely: all my means are sane, my motive and my object mad.
He swims in herds; he is never regularly hunted, though his oil is considerable in quantity, and pretty good for light.
"I thought to relieve my old bed-ridden mother by part of my share of this whale."
"Nay, keep it thyself," cried Gabriel to Ahab; "thou art soon going that way."
I was all eagerness to see his face, but he kept it averted for some time while employed in unlacing the bag's mouth.
the irons, the irons!--hoist the royals higher--a pull on all the sheets!--helm there!
--DARWIN'S VOYAGE OF A NATURALIST.
Hadst thou taken this old blacksmith to thyself ere his full ruin came upon him, then had the young widow had a delicious grief, and her orphans a truly venerable, legendary sire to dream of in their after years; and all of them a care-killing competency.
According to usage they were pumping the ship next morning; and lo!
The prow of the boat is partially unbroken, and is drawn just balancing upon the monster's spine; and standing in that prow, for that one single incomputable flash of time, you behold an oarsman, half shrouded by the incensed boiling spout of the whale, and in the act of leaping, as if from a precipice.
Latin from the books of the Laws of England, which taken along with the context, means, that of all whales captured by anybody on the coast of that land, the King, as Honourary Grand Harpooneer, must have the head, and the Queen be respectfully presented with the tail.
He might take a fancy to mine--heavens!
On one side was a coral reef; on the other a low tongue of land, covered with mangrove thickets that grew out into the water.
Nor was this long wanting.
"I see nothing here, but a round thing made of gold, and whoever raises a certain whale, this round thing belongs to him.
As soon as Steelkilt leaves me, I swear to beach this boat on yonder island, and remain there six days.
Lying in strange folds, courses, and convolutions, to their apprehensions, it seems more in keeping with the idea of his general might to regard that mystic part of him as the seat of his intelligence.
But he looked too nigh the boat; for as if bent upon escaping with the corpse he bore, and as if the particular place of the last encounter had been but a stage in his leeward voyage, Moby Dick was now again steadily swimming forward; and had almost passed the ship,--which thus far had been sailing in the contrary direction to him, though for the present her headway had been stopped.
