O Tan-Faced Prairie-Boy O tan-faced prairie-boy, Before you came to camp came many a welcome gift, Praises and presents came and nourishing food, till at last among the recruits, You came, taciturn, with nothing to give--we but look'd on each other, When lo!
what life, what joy and pride, With all the perils were yours.)
Who Learns My Lesson Complete?
Could I wish humanity different?
What is there more, that I lag and pause and crouch extended with unshut mouth?
You Jew journeying in your old age through every risk to stand once on Syrian ground!
And sullen hymns of defeat? }
Be not ashamed women, your privilege encloses the rest, and is the exit of the rest, You are the gates of the body, and you are the gates of the soul.
to the head of the army!--swift!
15 I swear I begin to see the meaning of these things, It is not the earth, it is not America who is so great, It is I who am great or to be great, it is You up there, or any one, It is to walk rapidly through civilizations, governments, theories, Through poems, pageants, shows, to form individuals.
All Is Truth O me, man of slack faith so long, Standing aloof, denying portions so long, Only aware to-day of compact all-diffused truth, Discovering to-day there is no lie or form of lie, and can be none, but grows as inevitably upon itself as the truth does upon itself, Or as any law of the earth or any natural production of the earth does.
And that there is no God any more divine than Yourself?
The prophet and the bard, Shall yet maintain themselves, in higher stages yet, Shall mediate to the Modern, to Democracy, interpret yet to them, God and eidolons.
And come to the entry mother, to the front door come right away.
I open my scuttle at night and see the far-sprinkled systems, And all I see multiplied as high as I can cipher edge but the rim of the farther systems.
O to drink the mystic deliria deeper than any other man!
O now I triumph--and you shall also; O hand in hand--O wholesome pleasure--O one more desirer and lover!
That I walk up my stoop, I pause to consider if it really be, A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books.
You degradations, you tussle with passions and appetites, You smarts from dissatisfied friendships, (ah wounds the sharpest of all!)
Logic and sermons never convince, The damp of the night drives deeper into my soul.
