"Yes," said the old woman; "I will try what you can do; but I must go up the hill along with you for the first two or three times, for fear you should get yourselves hurt."
give me a potato and a sup of something, for the love o' mercy; for not a bit have I had all day, except half a glass of whisky and a halfpenny worth of tobacco!"
Pooh, it is only Rory O'Ryan, or the roaring lion as I call him.
Tom was terrified lest the old man should come out to see what was the matter; his strength forsook him, and flinging the handkerchief and meat over the hedge, he ran away with all his speed.
All Mrs. Theresa Tattle's suggestions being lost upon these stoical parents, her powers were next tried upon the children, and her success soon became apparent.
"Oh, but mixing will never do, unless you know the quantities, like a cook; and you would never learn the right quantities."
"Well, then, just at the turn of the corner, at the end of the lane, as I was looking about for the shuttlecock, I heard a great rustling somewhere near me, and so I looked where it could come from; and I saw, in a nice little garden, on the opposite side of the way, a boy, about as big as Tarlton, sitting in a great tree, shaking the branches:  so I called to the boy, to beg one; but he said he could not give me one, for that they were his grandfather's; and just at that minute, from behind a gooseberry bush, up popped the uncle; the grandfather poked his head out of the window; so I ran off as fast as my legs would carry me though I heard him bawling after me all the way."
none such ever slept at the "Saracen's Head" afore, or shall afterwards, as long as my name's Bustle, and the "Saracen's Head" is the "Saracen's Head."
"Ay, my dear Hal," said his uncle, smiling at his look of amazement, "these are some of the things that young people must learn from experience.
Archer immediately began to talk of the bill, and throwing down a guinea and a half, the conscientious carpenter pocketed the money directly, and made his bow.
"Will he bleed to death?"
"I will not trouble you, Sir Arthur, with this lease of Price's," said Case; "I'll leave it with your agent.
Susan's voice, which was soft and sweet, expressive of gentleness and good nature, caught his ear the moment she spoke.
"Neither did I get what you see by begging, or borrowing either," said Piedro, "but by using my wits; not as you did yesterday, when, like a novice, you showed the bruised side of your melon, and so spoiled your market by your wisdom."
but I am not talking Greek and Latin, am I?"
the sides of her tumbler are all manner of colours."
She saw that she gained no belief, as her character was not known to this man, or to any of those who were present.
There was a gentleman reading in one of the chaises and a lady, who looked very good-naturedly at me, and then the gentleman put down his book and put his head out of the window, and looked at your scotcher, brother, and he asked me if that was your own making; and when I said yes, and that I was your sister he smiled at me, and put his hand into his waistcoat pocket, and threw a handful of halfpence into the hat, and I daresay he gave us the guinea along with them because he liked your scotcher so much."
Edmund was allowed to come home for an hour every morning, provided he was back again before eight o'clock.
there are people enough to buy fish in Naples."
