So I was at my friend's pool at his apartment last weekend.
Us and a couple of other people took a cooler full of The Champaign of Beers down there and just chilled by the pool.
Occasionally getting in to cool off.
Really nice, relaxing and peaceful.
That is until this group of middle aged, balding, beer gut having group of guys come down to the pool.
All of them are mid 30's to late 40's at the most.
They go and set up the volleyball net for the pool.
Just like the one in "Meet The Parents".
Nice little set up.
Almost got me interested enough to volunteer to play.
I was ready to set the beer down and jump in and show off my jump serve.
Until I saw how these cocksuckers took over the pool...pushing kids aside, taking up the entire length of the pool, leaving only the entrence steps to the pool as a play area for the 3 or 4 kids that were swimming there first.
If that wasn't bad enough, these fucking guys started to get crazy, spiking the ball at people, serving it right at the kids at the end of the pool.
Shit that was straight out of "meet the parents" for real.
I really invisioned a nice chilled out game of pool volleyball.
Maybe I'm just soft because I don't think it's cool to serve aces at a 4 year old kid's head while she's trying to learn to swim.
I know I'm not as soft as the little girl's dad who sat there and watched his daughter get pegged in the head and not do shit about.
By the way, these assholes played for over an hour straight.
Kept track of points and sets and everything....they even fucking switched sides.
Reeeeeee-fucking-diculous!
Next weekend i'm going to play and purposly blast their ball into the adjoining pond.
Group of People I Hate This Week:  Single mothers who swear up and down that they are good mothers, yet they go out and get drunk and/or high nearly every night of the week when they have kids at home who barely have proper meals and sub-par hygiene.
I've come across too many of these bitches lately and it sickens me to see that the only time these kids see there mom is when she is passed out or hung over.
Met this chick last weekend that left her kid home alone sleeping at 1AM to come hang out at a club for 2 hours.
"it's only a couple of hours".
And fuck getting defensive when you know you're in the wrong bitch!!!
Sorry if none of this was insightful or witty.
I could give a fuck less.
Before I go, can someone help me understand this joke?
Q: What do you call a nun's panties?
A: A crack habit.
It's in the new maxim, and I don't get it.
Please call me an idiot and explain.
That's all for tonigh.
o it's summer...well not offically, but close enough.
The WeatherBug adware on my computer says it's a Balmy 84°F.
And I wonder to myself, "why did i sleep until 2:30 today?".
That's simple...I got drunk last night playing wiffleball while drinking Miller High Life and Keystone Light.
What the fuck is wrong with me?
I'm 24 years old and i'm fucking playing wiffle ball.
At least we were drinking right?
That makes it "cool" does it not?
I was happy to see that my baseball skills have not diminshed too much since high school.
I was able to take a couple of pitches over the fence (we played in a tennis court).
My whole point of that rambling was to try and figure out why I wasted a beautiful day inside sleeping and then another 3 hours on the computer and watching tv.
I've got a season pass to oceans of fun water park.
I could have been there all day swimming and hitting on 16 and 17 year old lifeguards.
But no, I slept til 2:30.
I am worthless.
OH yeah, I saw something funny when I was at Oceans of Fun the other day.
There was a sign on each of the Men's and Women's bathrooms that said "No Cellphones or Cameras Allowed Inside Bathrooms or Locker Rooms".
I saw that and laughed...and thought to myself..."what prompted them to put up the signs?"...
"have they had a problem with pedophiles taking pictures of kids?"...
"what asshole ruined the fun for all of us by having his girlfriend take a cellphone camera into the locker room to take pictures of 13 year old girls wearing 2 piece bikinis?"
I mean, those locker rooms are dark, and unless you have a flash on your camera phone the pictures aren't gonna come out too good.
Think about it.
I did.
