Woohoo!
It's holiday time!
I got good results too.
But i am lazy to type them out like Kah Swee does.
:)  Warcraft III!!
If u have warcraft 3, please message me on the board below.
Cuz, i have a software that allow LAN games to be played over TCP/I.
igh...
I'm so bored.
Nothing to do at home except downloading Shaman King.
The file size is 13.3GB ya know?
So big.
Ok. Today, i gonna write the definitions of "mako" Wat is "mako"?
Well, mako is the essence of the planet.
Reactors are made to suck them from the planet itself as mako can generate electricity and other forms of powerful energies.
Small amounts of mako can generate electricity more than nuclear.
It is also safer, since mako dun explode.
The bad thing is that if one falls into mako, he/she will get mako poisoning and loses all his/her memory.
It's a bad thing eh?
That's the end of it.
.
.
:  Mako doesn't exist.
falling...Sniff...
My results are not looking well this time.
I also dun wanna reveal them.
But, the good thing is that i failed nothing.
This is good.
My art sux.
I only got 60/100.
But luckily, i got ticks for interesting concepts.
Wahaha!
I used colour pencil only.
:)   Shinra   Yes!
Now, 5 mako reactors are starting to function.
This is good.
:) If you dunno where the reactors are, look at the bottom-left corner of my blog.
Enjoy!
I think u guys dunno wat is "mako".
Well, i am too lazy to type the definitions of it.
-.- Gotta go now.
Bye!
signing off...I gonna have my art test on monday.
Ahh!!!
So scared.
I haven't do the prepartory  work yet.
Gotta do now.
B.
igh.
Today tests so difficult.
I wrote alot of crap.
I wrote that Prince Pameswera imported in playstation 2 and Xbox to make the trading post a better place.
Wahaha.
Hope i dun get scolded.
:)Dun wanna type anything today.
Too tired to type.
I'll type something better tomorrow...Test pos.
t's done.
My design.
But i will add more thing later on.
Not now.
I did my chinese and english paper 1 today.
Basically, they are quite easy to do.
Just pay attention in class and u won't fail.
That is wat i did.
Anyway, Kah swee forgot to bring his chinese dictionary today.
I feel so sorry for him.
But he only has himself to blame, as it is heavy and he is lazy to bring it.
So the moral of this story is.....umm.... Aha!
"Laziness is bad."Sigh.
I decided to switch to blogspot since pitas is all wonky.
Sorry for all the inconvenience caused.
I'm currently designing a template for this blog which would take a while.
In the mean time, i will have to use the default templat.
igh.
I have a sore throat toda.
igh...
I'm bored today.
Nothing to do.
Lazy  Today i dun feel like doing anything since there was a raiuin this morning and the weather felt cool~~...
So, it was quite relaxing to sleep.
No, wait.
It should be very relaxing and comfortable.
Currently, i'm trying to pick up the game "Go".
In thchinese it is called wei qi.
Most people should know about it but i bet they dun play iy.
I wanna go out wif my friend but i have very little friends now.
I'm so bored.
Sigh... Well, i guess i'll go back to sleep now.
Bye!.Ok.
Take it my post on June 2, 2004 as a joke please...
It certainly caused some upsti.
niff...
I am down with cold today...feels so terrible.
Back to business.
Ahh!!!
Ks quoted my last post and posted it on his!!
Oh man.
Now the whole knows about it now.
He has 1000 hits to his site u know... Thats a lot.
Beat that.
........................  Sianx again.
CCA tomorrow.
But it clashes with my IT course.
I wonder which one to go 1s.
tw, i am going to change my site template soon.
Windows XP style...
WoohOo!!!Hmm...
I saw my line dancing teacher who taught me before yesterday.
She waved at me but i couldn't wave back as i was carrying two heavy grocery bags for my mother.
:)   Thinking of the past   Just now i was thinking about things and stuff that i did in my former primary school.
I remembered that the whole of P6 have to go to the hall and "dance".
This is so as to select some pupils for a performance at the school's offical opening day.
I purposely tried to dance very badly, so that i will fall out of the selection.
But some of my friends are judges and sabotaged me by telling the teacher that i was good at it.
Then, i got in.
At that time, i hated it.
Now, come to thnk of it, it is actually a blessing in disguise.
If my friends hadn't put me in, I wouldn't have got to know friends like Valentina, Vivian, Sarah and gotten a better understanding of my other very good friends that also got selected such as Shengda, Sean, Brandon and Xian Wen.
The practice was quite unfair actually, since my classmates can hold a party and play while I practise in the dance room.
Sigh...  As time goes by, i began to have a crush on val.
Then i got her number from Vivian and we started SMSing each other.
It was unbelievable but we sent about an average of 80 to 100 sms to each other each day.
From this, i began to understand her and things like dat.
During these days, time passed very quickly.
This proved a theory of someone famous.
That famous guy said before, "When you touch a hot pan, a second seems like an minute.
When you chat with a hot chick, an hour seems like a minute."
How true.
So, things ended quickly and in a blink of the eye, we are already going to collect our PSLE results.
Amazingly, Vivian got a high score of 275.
Beat that!
I got 242 and Val got 249, won me by 7 marks.
Incredible.
When it comes to the choosing to secondary schools, val wanted to go to bukit panjang government high but her mother forbid that as there is normal stream there and she feared val will be affected by them.
So, she goes Nan Hua.
It is good since it is a SAP school as well as the fact that there are no normal students in it.
For me, i wanted to go commonwealth to join my other good friends who went there but went to Nan Hua instead since go there will have a higher chance to wooing Val.
Until now, I haven't taken any actions yet.
I need to settle down my results 1st, meaning that it should have mostly As and Bs and no Cs.
Who knows?
Perhaps when I'm in Sec 3 I may take some actions.
For now, it is just a fantasy... -.-   I fell into darkness and couldn't see the light.
But i will find it, for her sake...
