Its a lovely summers day and im sat in the easy internet cafe as it's air conditioned.
mmmmmm!
Nice.
I havent done much since my last post but would like to again show my complete agreement with others opinions about the rifts in cell.
NOw what have i been up 2?
Well yesterday it pissed it down ALL day in royton so, i sat on my sofa with my duvet watchin crap telly and it made me wonder..... Why is  99% of the music being released lately SHITE.
i mean it really is its all, shitty emo and crap pop punk and metal doesnt even seem to exist on music television i'd complain but what the point, i've got my cds.
So my deepest comiserations for those who regularly watch music tv, you poor poor fools!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
any way 'nuff of the rant.
till next time boys and girls................just post my total agreements with all the post about rifts in cell etc.
especially lou's.
NO one is actually gonna read this but i just wanna record this for when they do.
its been a pretty borin week, jus been chillin in royton wiv ppl.
went mutz on fri as usual.
Just havin some lou and andy time at the mo' and b4 it was andy matt and lou time but yeah.
Got into a "few" arguments with my mum, i'm gonna have to start workin out why we actually argue cause i cant actually work out why we argue.
one minute we can be havin' a perfectly civil convo and the wham!
me mums fuckin screamin at me.
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
then i get annoyed and wham then im shoutin back and its a full scale war.
half the time i dont even know what she's shouting at me for so i sit there and just nod at her arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
grrrr  im really angry now and i dont know why!!!
missin me Dad .
.p.
a lot at the moment an Mikey .
.p.
both fuckin top geezers shame none of u guys will meet 'em.
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
anyways, yeh till next time kids.
Don't do anything i wouldnt do (leaves you with quite a lot of things to do really)  andyurlLink    Smile!!!!!!!!!!
urlLink
