Remember those SRA cards from elementary school?
The ones where you'd read about some dead person and then have to answer various questions to test your reading comprehension skills?
(What about all those poor undiagonosed ADD kids?
That whole thing must have been hell for them...) Well, I'm taking it upon myself to educate you on various interesting women...and you won't be quizzed on them afterwards.
Here's Monday's Marvelous Mademoiselle.
Lou Andreas-Salome (1861-1937) (go to  urlLink http://ww.
icture-poem.
om/rilke/lou-andreas-salom.
tml  to see a photo)  Original babe with brains--muse to Friedrich Nietzsche, Rainer Maria Rilke (she was the one who suggested he change his name from Rene to Rainer) and Sigmund Freud.
Prolific writer in her own right.
Nietzsche proposed to her but she turned him down (probably a smart idea) and she ended up marrying Friedrich Carl Andreas...they were married for 43 years but never slept with him...instead, she began an affair with the then-22 year old Rilke when she was 36 and there's a good chance that he was her first lover.
In 1912, she wrote to Freud asking if she could attend his famous Wednesday night lectures and showed up draped in furs...although there's no evidence of an affair between she and Freud, she became one of his favorite disciples (and most likely his sexiest) and a well-known psychoanalyst in her own right.
From a review of a recent musical (!)
about her:  "An independent and intellectual woman, she published 15 novels, over one hundred essays (many in psychoanalytic journals), and books on Freud, Ibsen, Rilke, and Nietzsche (the latter was the first major study of Nietzsche 's work)...Salome was passionately interested in spirituality and in the psyche, and was committed to developing models of friendship and love that defied the conventions of her time.
Not precisely a feminist--though she was acquainted with German feminists of her day--she refused to subordinate her desire for a community of intellectuals to the bourgeois requirements of monogamy, marriage and family.
She rejected numerous would-be lovers and husbands, was often involved in romantic triangles, and never consummated her 30 marriage to Friedrich Karl Andreas, a professor of west Asiatic languages at the University of Göttingen.
Her self-proclaimed ideal life consisted of living with a like-minded intellectual man in separate rooms connected to a common living area.
Lou Andreas Salome is a fascinating subject at this particular historical moment.
Psychoanalysis wanes, eclipsed by the medical revolution in mental health, at the same time that the possibilities for the kind of life Salome envisioned--including a female sexuality that could rejoice in its "new fine shame"--are increasingly threatened in this era of aggressively Disneyfied family values and right-wing assaults on reproductive rights.
Lee Siegel, in a 1996  Atlantic Monthly  article, calls our present moment "modernism's plastic aftermath."
"We go back and try to relish modernism's extremist nose-thumbing at a depersonalizing modernity," Siegel writes, "and soon we feel as though we were celebrating the most disturbing qualities of contemporary life."
A New Fine Shame  concentrates on the way Salome thumbed her nose at depersonalizing gender roles, and her insistence on friendship and intellectual exchange as the basis for relationships, rather than focusing on the disturbing conflation of art, sprituality and sexuality that tinges many strands of modernist thought."
A fabulously dressed diva who could debate existentialism with the best of them...need I say more?On Friday evening I received an email from my friend Jen with a link to  her  blog ( go to  urlLink http://funkyjenngazett.
ypepa.
om/the_funkyjenn_gazette/  to view).
Even though I feel like I live under a rock most of the time (or at least under a mountain of half-read books), the whole blog thing did manage to permeate my consciousness over the last few years and I actually visit a few on a semi-daily basis (well, one.... urlLink http://ww.
awke.
om/ ).
However, I had no idea that relatively normal folk could just get one up and running (not that Jen is by any means relatively normal, nor--I hope--am I).
But something about reading her blog--coupled with the fact that I've been doing more reading vs. writing lately and it's sort of starting to freak me out, and a burst of self-obsessed grandiosity where I was overcome with the (mistaken?)
assumption that people might actually want to read my ranting and raving has me typing this right now.
Because I am not amongst the ranks of the employed at the moment, my time is my own.
And when I'm not scratching my head wondering how I'm going to earn enough money to pay the rent  and  and continue pilates this month (which--by the way--has always managed to work out even though I like to immediately forget that it always works out because I'm a big fan of the adrenaline that fear and worry and drama produces, hence the name of the blog...), I tend to go on wild goose chases throughout this fair city's maze of public libraries and bookstores to quell my insatiable quench for knowledge.
By the way, this morning my friend Fiona--who's this gorgeous, hysterically funny Brit--educated me on the difference between a maze and a labyrinth.
Labyrinths are unicursal.
They have one well-defined path that leads into the center.
There are no tricks to it, no dead ends or cul-de-sacs, no intersecting paths.
Mazes, on the other hand, are multicursal.
They offer a choice of paths, some with many entrances and exits.
That's not how she explained it...because a gorgeous, hysterically funny Brit probably wouldn't use words like "multicursal."
Someone who writes for encyclopedias or something called eluzion.
om would explain it like this...which is where I got the definition because I can't exactly remember how she explained it because I have minimal short term memory nowadays and I didn't want to fuck up and lose credibility my first day out.
So the whole labyrinth vs. maze thing is sort of like fate vs. free will, I guess.
When I heard the word labyrinth, I thought of Ariadne and the thread she gave to Theseus so he could kill the Minotaur and get out of there...and then I thought about how he repaid her by abandoning her on the island of Naxos...and then I thought about the fact that she was completely heartbroken and devastated and probably thought it was the absolute end of the world, only to be swept up by Dionysus--a guy whom no one could ever accuse of being boring--and brought to Mount Olympus where she was made immortal.
Moral of the story: It ain't over 'til it's over.
Something I remind myself of approximately 7,956 times a day.
And then I thought about how I saw Giorgio de Chirico's  Ariadne  at the Met recently and how blown away I was by it....  Go to  urlLink http://ww.
rtchiv.
om/artchive/D/de_chiricobi.
tml  for more on de Chirico.
He's someone who I've become fascinated with over the last year.
And he, in turn, was fascinated by Nietzsche.
As am I.
But I'll save the Nietzsche stuff for another day because I'm getting tired and it's not exactly the most uplifting subject and I'd rather think about how it ain't over 'til it's over rather than some brilliant madman who spent his last decade as a vegetable.
A bientot.
