I have no more room in my other Journal so I'm starting this one!
Tori got hurt today!
AHHHHHHHHH There is no happiness there.
Poor thing was hysterical crying.
She dove for the football and fell square on her shoulder.
Broke her collar bone...Ouch much.
Not to mention, its her right side, so she can hardly move her arm.
How's she gonna write for her SAT's?
Or, well do anything else that involves moving much at all???
*considers(more then considers)doing healing charm for her!
She needs it!)
Lei is gonna give me a ring later cause her and I NEED to go shopping for Matts gift.
Okay speaking of which, he's bein a bit annoying with this whole gift giving shit.
He's real high matinence and won't accept a gift card under 40 bucks from Tori cause he "needs more then 20" What kinda shit is that?
I'd be happy for that from a friend of mine who happens to NOT  be as well off as he and I are.
I'm probly the one in the group w/ the most money and I have more fun with the wrapping paper then I do with the gifts.
I'm easy to buy for..ne thing pretty or if all else fails, I'm always and I mean ALWAYS in need of candles.
Yeah...Need those..Very useful and get expensive.
But he's making a mountain outta a mole hill and kinda being annoying.
I'm gonna have ALOT of fun though, we all are and I swear no one will ruin it, not even the weather if I have something to do with it and I do.
I'll allow him to be annoying about it, its better if I let it pass then I can be annoying about my 17th birthday party where hopefully he wont have sex on my floor like he did on my sweet 16 night...hmmmm...  Events of Day:  HOT COCOA AND BAGELS!
We're the only morons who drink that in 80 degree weather..hehe -(tori hitting me on the ear while i had head phones on) HA!
I thought u had something on!
-Tori stealing me 3 cookies from the lunch ladies -Liana falling on her ass out side cause I pushed her during monkey in the middle -Tori breaking her collar bone...ehhh -Matt and I spending all of period 9 together and changing the pass time to 1:45 instead of 1:15(got away with it to hee) -The thunder and rain we watched -Matt chewing on his pass and us saying simultaneously(no joke, no planning) Worst Episode Ever like the comic guy in The Simpson -EWWWWWWWWW in*synch is playing on my radio!
TURN   IT     OFF    NOW!!!
-safe falling in the bush and freaking out over the little green buggies on her.
GET EM OFF ME GET EM OFF!
EW EW EW GET THEM OFF!
ehhmm.
I think that's it.....Yap, that's all  Lesson of the Day: Monkey in the Middle is a very dangerous game.
