Ahhh.. midnight on saturday and i'm just sitting at home watching tv with my parents.
This week has been so fucking stressful.
I've been up all night every night busting my ass for unappreciative teachers.
I've been living off cigarettes and coffee but here I am and i'm still alive.
Well, hardly, but whatever.
Let's see, spent the day sleeping, got a 2:00 wake up call from Saige, hopped in the shower, met up with my mom at 6:00, went to the mall, then we met up with my dad, who's in town this weekend, for dinner.
Right now i'm doing absolutely nothing.. wondering how long these 4 cigarettes will last me and how long this newfound sobriety will last.....1 week and counting.....................Well, well well.
So we meet again, eh online blogs?
This is silly, really, that, despite communication with friends, family, diaries, and countless strangers, I feel compelled still to hop the bandwagon of this millenial phenomenon of "blogging."
Who the fuck came up with that name anyways?
Bless their souls... Let's see though what happened today.
Nothing really.
It was pretty damn boring, but I was in a good mood so let the rivers flow.
Ha, late again to first period.
You'd think that speeding down the freeway at 85 mph would get you there on time, but like my dad always says "you can't catch the hands of the clock with the hands on the steering wheel," or something to that effect.
God, I'm chronically LATE.
Or slow...
I don't know but it really fucks with me man.
Anyways, my first period teacher is an uptight little fucker and he is constantly on my ass for tardies.
Whatfuckinever I could care less.
Let's seeeeeee.. aced my bio exam (hopefully), gotta up that C man!
Spent pretty much the whole day racing to finish this powerpoint presentation on drugs.
Shit.
You'd think with my exposure I'd be able to finish the fucker good, but nooooo.
Scrambling to finish it down to the last seconds.
Stress, stress, stress.
Well, looks like tonights gonna be a coffee night.
Hey, can't complain though - only a couple weeks left before these caffeine powered up-all nighters are few and far between.
Instead they'll be replaced by drunk induced slumbers at random peoples houses.
I am ecstatic.
Ha, well speaking of coffee I am in dire need.
Gotta get on that homework.
Stay salty.
