Well, Mark hasn't been posting much has he?
Anyway, Today has been quiet, Playing cricket with a tennis ball in the close after my cricket match earlier on.
I didn't bat or bowl :( But we did win :) .
All thats been happening is been playing cricket, watching cricket on TV and playing Super Smash Bros Mele on the GameCube!
But later on im going to Rileys, the snooker and pool bar.
Playing a few matches there and watching Hartlepool United :D Cmon U Pools!We had a beach party today!
It was really cool.
There was a barbeque, lots of booze and sea!
Anyway, I was the only person swimming in the sea because I am the only person u know who would do that :P   I really can't be bothered at the moment to write much more......  so ttylHey peoples... At the moment i'm not in a good mood, I'm working on cPanel (never have before) and trying to import a template...I don't understand and everyone that I seek help from is either busy or not there.
Anyway, Today has been not very busy.
I watched 6 simpsons episodes :P. I also watched Peter Kay's Bolton Hall video again.
I went to tennis, like I normally do on Fridays...
I just mess around with a few mates so thats kinda fun.
Im still on with the PHP, it seems to be getting easier as I go along, but it is still difficult.
The forum is going smoothly at the moment as well.
I'm not involved in a mates website, ww.
nfaredstudio.
igiwir.
rg I have been making the forum and will soon be helping with his cPanel if he needs it.
The site is about free graphics, signatures and avatars.
I am good mates with him, he must feel the same because he game me his password to his cPanel...  Well, Talk laters!
Listening to:Oceans Elevan Theme Mood:AngryHi and as Jaak said welcome to our blog!
He's already explained what we'll be doing with the blog so no need for me to repeat him.
Today was pretty much like every other day I've had in these summer holidays.
Although I am dreading going back to school on Tuesday.
(Most Scottish schools go back on Tuesday because there summer holidays started before the ones in England.)
Got up at about midday and started to play Splinter Cell on the Xbox.
That was one of the first games I got but probably one of the best.
Got part of my paper round done and then came on here.
I absolutely get ripped off for that paper round, lol.
I have to make up 185 papers by putting the leaflets in them as well and then have to go and do all the 185 houses.
I'm usually paid less than a fiver....but it is a free paper so I guess they couldn't really give me a lot for it could they?
Thats all for now folks!Hey viewers!
This is my first entry.
I'm going to be writing about my day to day life... well, if I remember to A)Remember my day B)Remember to post on here!
Ok, If you are reading this, you might want to know about what I do, I am a web designer.
I own ww.
onsolz-craz.
.
k .
It is a gaming website with Cheats, Reviews, Previews, Release Dates and much more for PS, PS2, XBox and GameCube!
The forum adress is http://consolzcraz.
orume.
om .
At the moment I am learning the webscript PHP.
Some may know this to be the most difficult webscript yet (Well, maybe Java is).
So I'm racking my brain at the moment.
Today has been boring.
just inside on MSN all day.
I fell out with two big style posters on my forum, but then I made mates again.
I did my paper round like I do every Wedensday and Thursday which is really boring (Just do it for the money).
My mum and dad are out at the moment so I'm still on here, this is my 9th hour on here today.
I'm really annoyed at the website, It can upload properly, but then when I have to close off, and save, it quits.
So there is a big backlog of reviews, previews and cheats.
I hope the regulars on the forum don't get bored...
I found out what the new chocolate Revel is today!
It's Raisen!
Talk to you guys later!
