Then, when the men came back from the battle, weary and wounded, the Dagda would take his harp and strike a few chords, and as the magic music stole out upon the air, every man forgot his weariness and the smart of his wounds, and thought of the honour he had won, and of the comrade who had died beside him, and of the safety of his wife and children.
One day when she came home the little Larks were much frightened.
And when the courtiers came back they found their king kneeling by his throne, absorbed in silent prayer.
"Many of the dicotyledonous plants look alike at the beginning," he said, with a little drawl on the big word.
"There is a Jackal in the sugar-cane," they said; "he will dig holes and destroy the roots; we must go down and drive him out."
"Perhaps the prince is not dead."
Then it was very still for a long time.
"Take me to yourselves; I will give my life for you!"
The giant was made out of pillows, with a great, fierce head of paper, and funny clothes.
"He was a bad king; we do not want him back," said the people.
They went to the Tortoise to bid her good-bye.
MARGERY'S GARDEN There was once a little girl named Margery, who had always lived in the city.
he shouted, and sailed the trundle-bed boat straight at them.
"Time to be off," said the lazy man, and looked about him for the pretty horse.
They went to their dinner then, and when they had eaten it, the giant asked the tailor "would he dare to swallow as much boiling broth as himself."
They stirred so that Elsa jumped up and ran to the cooking table, and took hold of the bread board.
He worked as hard as he could, and still he could not earn enough to keep himself and his wife.
Canariensis is a pretty creeper with golden blossoms, very dainty and bright.
So one day, the little old woman made a boy out of gingerbread; she made him a chocolate jacket, and put raisins on it for buttons; his eyes were made of fine, fat currants; his mouth was made of rose-coloured sugar; and he had a gay little cap of orange sugar-candy.
When the little old woman had rolled him out, and dressed him up, and pinched his gingerbread shoes into shape, she put him in a pan; then she put the pan in the oven and shut the door; and she thought, "Now I shall have a little boy of my own."
