But that gold watch he sought was the innermost life of the fish.
The glittering mouth yawned beneath the boat like an open-doored marble tomb; and giving one sidelong sweep with his steering oar, Ahab whirled the craft aside from this tremendous apparition.
And taken with the context, this is full of meaning.
Merchant ships are but extension bridges; armed ones but floating forts; even pirates and privateers, though following the sea as highwaymen the road, they but plunder other ships, other fragments of the land like themselves, without seeking to draw their living from the bottomless deep itself.
And though all hands commonly disdained the capture of those inferior creatures; and though the Pequod was not commissioned to cruise for them at all, and though she had passed numbers of them near the Crozetts without lowering a boat; yet now that a Sperm Whale had been brought alongside and beheaded, to the surprise of all, the announcement was made that a Right Whale should be captured that day, if opportunity offered.
why weary, and palsy the arm at the oar, and the iron, and the lance?
For neither had I then read the Rhyme, nor knew the bird to be an albatross.
he's all right, is the Yarman."
It's worse than being in the whirled woods, the last day of the year!
Some hours after midnight, the Typhoon abated so much, that through the strenuous exertions of Starbuck and Stubb--one engaged forward and the other aft--the shivered remnants of the jib and fore and main-top-sails were cut adrift from the spars, and went eddying away to leeward, like the feathers of an albatross, which sometimes are cast to the winds when that storm-tossed bird is on the wing.
CETUS,               LATIN.
"Queequeg," said I, going up to him, "Queequeg, what's the matter with you?"
They generally are of two sorts; those composed almost entirely of females, and those mustering none but young vigorous males, or bulls, as they are familiarly designated.
But sliding down the ropes like baleful comets, the two Canallers rushed into the uproar, and sought to drag their man out of it towards the forecastle.
A low rumbling sound was heard; a subterraneous hum; and then all held their breaths; as bedraggled with trailing ropes, and harpoons, and lances, a vast form shot lengthwise, but obliquely from the sea.
cried Flask, dancing up and down--"What a hump--Oh, DO pile on the beef--lays like a log!
This coin speaks wisely, mildly, truly, but still sadly to me.
I've been several voyages in the merchant service, and I think that--" "Merchant service be damned.
And so the appellation must at last have come to be bestowed upon the whale from which this spermaceti was really derived.
He peremptorily denied for example, that any whale could so smite his stout sloop-of-war as to cause her to leak so much as a thimbleful.
