"It's a wonder NOBODY ever thought of the trap-door!"
"That's well, and I have a little bit of good news for you besides-- here," said she, pulling out a glove, in which there was money, "we'll get the guinea-hen back again--we have all agreed about it.
In my memory, since the NEW lane was made, it has always been open to the parish; and no man shall inclose it with my good-will.
Old as I am, and tall of my age, which makes the matter worse, I am still as fond of sugar-plums as my little sister, who is five years younger than I.
The room was restored to order in a few minutes--the shutters were thrown open, the cheerful light let in.
In turning, Louisa threw down the remains of the mandarin.
Nor could he help observing that Tarlton, with all his vaunted prowess, was the first to run away from the appearance of danger.
*  "But if WE should not succeed," said they, "Dr.  Middleton is so steady; he never goes back from what he has said."
He could not be the person that broke these windows last night, for he was six miles off.
Piedro made a good beginning, and gave what several of the younger customers thought excellent bargains.
said Jem, looking up, in the midst of his tears--"why, don't you remember you, your own self, bid me not tell her about it till you were by?"
Why, what I say is this, that I don't dispute that that box, that you hold in your hands, is a box; nay, for aught I know, it may be a tobacco-box--but it's clear to me that if they left the box they did not take the money; and how do you dare, sir, to come before Justice Headstrong with a lie in your mouth; recollect yourself--I'll give you time to recollect yourself.
Lady Diana also seemed more to enjoy than to pity his confusion.
not confess that you were in the wrong?
Scarcely had Mrs. Montague's carriage got out of hearing when a note was brought, directed to "Frederick Montague, Junior, Esq.," which he immediately opened, and read as follows:-- "Mrs. Theresa Tattle presents her very best compliments to the entertaining Mr. Frederick Montague; she hopes he will have the charity to drink tea with her this evening, and bring his charming sister, Miss Marianne, with him, as Mrs. Theresa will be quite alone with a shocking headache, and is sensible her nerves are affected; and Dr. Cardamum says that (especially in Mrs. T. T.'s case) it is downright death to nervous patients to be alone an instant.
"No," said Jem, still looking as if he did not like to talk before the ill-looking stranger.
They often follow very early in the morning, or during the night-time, the trace of carriages that are gone, or that are returning from the opera; and Piedro was one night at this work, when the horses of a nobleman's carriage took fright at the sudden blaze of some fireworks.
"However, I can show you, Sir Arthur, just for my own satisfaction and yours, a few lines of a memorandum on a slip of paper, which was given me by your relation, the gentleman who lived here before, and let me my farm.
Go on, and let us hear what you say of Bursal.
In one word, sir, I'm neither mad nor a fool!--Your most obedient (going, angrily).
