I refuse to show her the squirrels for fear she will develop a habit of cussing (like her cousin).
Mom put an ad in the paper about selling the goats and some lady is coming to possibly steal a few away this afternoon.
Read:   &nbsp;  bloodygurthang: i got my AP grades today  hezzah875: yay!
- The Little Prince      Je t'aime.
And made me feel beautiful.
We sit here Silently Watching the ducks  And eating mystery meat   We wait here  Lying  In a dandelion ring Tossing toothpicks in the air  We dance here  Serving  In a sea of comedy  With words we've never heard  We help here  Smiling Seeing it clearly A group of good hearts and minds  We laugh here  Waiting  Random anticipation  Falling over onto gravel   We love here  Reeling  Day like no other And the dandelions sing... She lives inside a troubled world She's a porcelain doll at play  Yet as she's pulled and tugged and thrown That porcelain will not fade  Her dress is lovely, comfy, worn  No stains nor any spills And as her world continues to spin The dress is lovely still   The painted smile is forced it seems  As if she's hiding a fact  This porcelain doll hides everything For secrets she has a knack  The paint is perfection, clean, and bright With a shine as light as the sun  The world still spins to tear her down But she won't admit they've won  A symbol of a long young life  Is what she appears to be  Yet sometimes the pain will haunt her still For through her eyes she sees  She sees the lies, she sees the tears  The insults coming fast  The world may never ever improve But this doll will always last  For now she'll sit upon her shelf And quietly greet the day  Knowing despite each painful time That she won't break away.
For now, I have to go get ready to take the girls to Chuck E. Cheese's... and I only had four hours of sleep... kwsuhgtwsr....btw, I made up with someone last night... long time coming, that.
Amanda is my best friend up in Chicago whom I saw over spring break.
Oh and I almost got into a car wreck... but that's another story.
To the sounds of Josh Groban whose voice makes me  melt .
However, I will miss everyone terribly but have promised to bring Sallis frostees haha.
I have been inspired by David Thewlis.
We also finally got Derek to watch  Love Actually  which I have practically memorized.
*falls over from spicy-ness*   Kelly and I are going to go out to California Pizza Kitchen... ooo love.
We're currently watching three of the most hyperactive kids I've ever met, who have destroyed  every room  except mine in this house.
I mean it- it was terrifying.
Congrats to all those on their wonderful scores, but I think Jmac takes the cake.
At least I won them each a toy in the impossible Crane Game.
Especially one that doesn't make me say " Would you like fries with that ?"
Man they turned out well too.
