: lin s. can be brutal lol Who is your friendliest friend?
we go down and they're there and all and we all go in and it took like forever for everyone to get some balls but we got in, then we had to decide who wanted to walk through the water and it wound up being me, chris, sal, cliff, jackie and mario (leading the way lol because apparently he has to go first since we don't care if he dies lmao) and we're walking and we start hearing shit.
then the trouble started.
nope do you have step parents?
lin and alex came over and we watched pet sematary which kept me up all night i stayed up till like 5 thank u very much...... joe is sick bc he was stupid lol...... err.. what else what else... i'm going to the birch hill today to see the warped tour botb, supernothing is playing and they are  so good  so i'm really kinda pumped, i listened to their cd last night bc i haven't in like a month lol... ok so i better finish getting ready now......  song of the moment: underacheivers ~supernothing ok soooo just got home from the gym.. the guys all had their shirts off today, i didn't get any work done, go figure lol... and i stopped halfway writing this and took a shower and now i feel goooood lol.. and then i am goign to get my nails done and then going out with cords, and i haven't seen her since like forever!!!!
: nah, i don't believe in that 44)Do you laugh until you cry?
after gym i chilled w/ sarah n we watched halloween... then chrissy and stine and lin came over and lin left bc she has UMS tomorrow morning hahaha...  chrissy = michelle katelyn but my friends call me chrissy lolol me = madonna bc apparently i am "like a virgin"  oh god we ate white castle at 3 on the deck it was pretty funny...  what's in it?
i was insanely exhausted this morning because porter had me on the phone till one last night, not that i mind all that much lol.
i can't it's too hard 13)Had a imaginary friend before?
– yeah i have to it's an issue i have - that and my mother has an obsession with the central air lol 46 Do you snore?
nahh written a love poem?
nope (152) Bungee jumped?
yes  - - - - - BELIEFS - - - - -   (166) Believe in life on other planets?
we took showers and then watched euro trip.
everyone stole me song of the moment thing and then like didn't use it right!
umm.. let's see.. oh man i found out that **un-named kid** is a boyscout, and then i was like oh my god!
now i don't know where i'm going or what i'm doing with my life and it's kind of sad.
: yuuurp have a(any) crush(es)?
usually my mom's side and sometimes my dad's side do you have a drunk uncle?
yeah but i cheated on him so he fucking deserved it Cheated on someone?
