Nice one whoever fixed the site and got the archives back and it wasn't me, so prehaps it was automatic or something because Phil didn't do it and no one else has access to.
Took a good 3600.4 seconds to render fully, but that's with everything on high detail and with the UFOs being slightly transparent (you can see a little through the tops of them if you look hard enough), so that increases render time quite a bit.
Well 6 faults, 0 serious, 0 dangerous.
The start is amazing where that alien gets his axe stuck on the wall and then when they use another alien to ram down the door.
Oh well worth a try, and thanks to Sue Earle  Hero of Poynton High Geography Group ™ After much thinking, I have decided to do the prototype design for the new web site with a futuristic-y kind of style, with abstract buttons, etc.
Secondly, phils e-gridlock is one hell of a thang now, with colour schemes and such like.
thursday we get back.... ####.
-=Si=- WOW, that pic is from the three years in the future... after graduation from uni  Kirby has grown a moustache :o  Fhew, atleast Phil (Bottom Left) and Sheldon (Bottom Right) Havnt changed a bit.
Ritey, picking owen up for poker at about 7:30, then onwards to kirbys house.
I was just looking around the net for a while and i found a site that claims that all 'fruit-machines' are actually fraud!
One thing that's confusing me: If we get Thursday off, then how can the coursework be due in when we wont even be there...?
Didn't think it was out yet and do you have to pay a monthly fee?
I am sure there was something else that you said that I was going to rant about but that post seems to have vanished now.
Who should we blame, Mappleton Council......   To see more visit http://www.
Phil- STOP calling me a n00b on the clan message thingy.
And what happened that you fixed Gid, oh well main thing is it is all working at the moment and that hopefully Si's site is getting loads of traffic to come our way.
I have sent off for 5 of them.
How long has that been there?
but now she doesn't O. o so now i am going to post the rules to gridlock™.
In short they would burst into flames almost instantaneously, exposing the reindeer behind them and creating deafening sonic booms in their wake.
