away in Commerce ^^;;)...I think we might go see the Harry Potter or Spiderman 2 movie tomorrow after lunch at the Chinese buffet since I don't have classes.
Everyone thought he was only in his mid-twenties much to our amusement.
*sniff* XD And Happy Independence Day to my fellow Americans (lol).
Now, maybe after washing it with shampoo a time or two, it will lighten and be obviously purple...but right now it looks  black .
My check was supposed to be mailed on Monday at the latest but when I called today they said it would be mailed out on Friday.
I started on the headpiece this morning but I cut my thumb a few minutes ago trying to use packing tape (the self-dispensing type) so I probably won't finish it until later this week.
The petticoat is one I won a couple of years ago on Gothic Auctions for just $5.
I have more content to add over the next month or so, projects and such as time allows.
I'm just lucky that he's giving me until classes start next month to pay him back since I owe a couple of other people some money right now.
One was even the Hello Kitty kind...eee!
Off to watch a movie & then to Denny's (yes, the one 30 min.
It's white & has three tiers of netting.
So I ended up with what they did have which was Jerome Russell BWild!!!
XD  even more spiffy is that I found the ENTIRE owner/user manual online!
I completed the two ankle length skirts I was making for everyday wear and also my first EGL dress (EGL=Elegant Gothic Lolita to those unfamiliar with such).
Luckily, my WMST professor is letting us have today off so I will get out early at ~2pm-ish instead of 4:30pm...which should be a consolation but my eyelids are closing while I'm trying to type this so I know I'm going to crash as soon as I get home :/  First session ends next Wednesday so I'll only have ARST1070 to deal with for the rest of the month.
Maybe I'll work on sorting things out this weekend... My classes are going well thus far.
Came home with a new family member (pictures & a name forthcoming)!
Something about the heat and humidity here in Georgia that keeps me from being able to grow this mess out...that and the painful tangles that constantly plague my wild tresses.
I ended up dropping one, adding another, dropping it, and adding yet another in its place during the drop-add period...but it's all set now (ARST1070, RGTE0199, & WMST1110...the RGTE is required :/).
