I can do that... but no-one is going to want to share their life with someone who doesn't appear to be sharing back.
I figure I'll get a little bitty Yorkie and name him Thom Yorke.
urlLink   Anyway, there was a mixup at  urlLink Birdland  last night and the  urlLink Duke Ellington Orchestra  who during July are to begin playing Tuesday nights instead of monday nights, got consused and didn't show up, so it ended up being a free jazz quartet performance instead.
I asked Brosephus to join, but he didn't want to go (which ended up being for the best, because his lifelong best freind, who is getting married 9 days before him, came over and they got one last great bonding session) So after Sabbath dinner, I walked over to the Hospital, and got there at like 9:30, unfortunetly visiting hours were over, and it took like a 20 minute negotiation to get the guard to let me in... At this point, there is virtually no "do-gooder" motivation left at all to these visits, it is just me going to see someone that I really now consider to be a friend.
I nearly crashed my stupid car when she told me that asshole, who really doesn't treat her nicely, and with whom she admittedly has little fun, surprised her.
My really good friend David owns part of it, so I wanted to stop in and see it... nice place, I'm sure that I'll go back.
This great guy from my synogogue has diabetes and had severe calcification in the arteries (I think), remember, I didn't go to medical school.... anyway, they had to amputate his left leg below the knee because the blood wasn't flowing properly....
We have already been standing or walking for better than 4 hours and we've barely gotten started.
We wanted a bench, I never really noticed this, but NY really has no benches, at least not outside of its incredible parks...    urlLink    We walked all the way up to 42nd where we jumped into the  urlLink Times Square Brewery .
Ok... Have to go wedding.
I felt stupid and embarrased...
spent about an hour there,  then continued walking, walking, walking north...
Still, I had a really nice evening, and the music was just great.
All this while the Rabbis are living in my room... what the crap is the matter with me?
But I haven't seen her in three weeks, and I miss her like crazy... which for some reason isn't making me any less attracted to every really hot girl I pass in the street.
When I tell a story in the first person, it could very well be someone else's, because effectively, it is a timeline of events and humorous anecdotes, but I have never spoken about how I feel about much of anything.
So I get a phone call on Saturday, which I can't pick up, (I'm Sabbath observant), and I see on the caller ID that it is Apple calling...
Funny part is, two of them stayed in my room, which I had to make sure that it was Jewified to the extreme...
Shes Cute, I just dont think that anything will end up coming of it.
I want so badly for the phone to ring, and it seems like it just doesn't anymore... (Ringtone: Phantom Planet - Always on my Mind), and I am thinking that maybe I should just stop bothering with her...  there is occasionally happiness, but more often than not this is just causing my pain.
