My heart goes out to Sarah's family and especially Sarah who couldn't have been closer with any sibling as she was with Lewis.
Laughing my ass off HUGS DAN Well I just got home from work, it was a slow day, but I got a lot of stuff done...
I went for my classic walk to the Marina to enjoy a delicious Ice Cream cone from the homemade ice cream parlour "The Next Stop Ice Cream Shop" (It is a pun on the fact that the whole building used to be an old passenger train station).
Made me angry and irritated.
HUGS DAN:) Well today was another great day!
I got alot of sun while I was outside lounging while reading a novel, then I also tried plucking some huge bunches of dandelions out of the lawn.
I had wanted to go camping because I got the whole weekend off, but I couldn't.
Coccaine mostly) and is drunky nightly, so phew!
I feel like I'm growing away from my friends, those who I cherish the most.
I called Colin when I got home and he and Tom were baking a cake and making JELLO, what a strange time of night, but, well Tom is the strange sort anyways.
I told him that I'm a highly emotional person but is he able to deal with that?
And would you care, if I whispered your name Into the wind, baby, Into the Wind  Are you there to fulfill the prophecy Would you stand, face to face and would you look at me Would you see through all my faults and impurities Could I ever, be anything to you  Do you feel, what I feel for you?
I'm still sad about last night, being the ugly little ducking in a room with beautiful people...
urlLink Come and look  (unless you've come from there to here, then that's a bit redundant).
I hope not, but it's pretty depressing thinking that I'm going to be undatable for the rest of time.
&nbsp; Oh Well, that's family, and I suppose, in some strange way, I wouldn't have it any other way.
I seem to have lost myself somehow in negative thoughts in the past year and it was eating away at me on inner levels.
I don't need brain rot and SUV propaganda.
I just like letting people know that Thunder Bay is FAR FAR AWAY from sudbury and that Sudbury isn't really that far away from Toronto period, especially when compared to Thunder Bay being over 1700 KMs away from Toronto, where Sudbury is like 500 KMs.
I feel bad because I couldn't express my appreciation in words, but I will most certainly reciprocate it with actions.
