This should give her a firm foundation to build her reading skills on, hopefully boost her confidence so that she will fall in love with reading.
My plan for Sarah is to really concentrate on her comprehension of phonics.
I told all the girls on Saturday while we were all having a blast that this is homeschool.
We have made some really fun crafts to decorate around the t. v.  We made two olympic torches to go on top of the television, we have American flags hanging on the wall, we made the Olympic rings out  of colored pipe cleaners and we are hanging olympic articles on the wall.
While we were waiting for our food the girls all worked on an olympic word search puzzle that I made out of  grid paper.
We will also be looking at the significance of the Torch, Olga Korbut (medal winner of the 1972 summer games), Nadia Comaneci (7 perfect 10's and medal winner of the 1976 summer games), we will be listening to Nadia's song, we will explore greek food and desserts and study the globe.
We had our Tivo unit shipped to us so that we could record all the events and pause and rewind whenever we wanted to discuss something or see it again.
I am also expecting that God will be my guide.
We are going to eat Greek desserts while we watch the games.
There is a restaurant close by called "The Partenon" so we will take our Parthenon book with us when we go to eat another Greek meal.
The only way I will be able to successfully homeschool my daughters is to exercise more discipline (being in the Word and prayer on a more consistent basis) and diligence (sticking to what I have chosen to do).
Now her other curriculum is called "Total Language Plus".
I'm sure that I will still "fly by the seat of my pants" just as I always have, but that will be the exception and not the rule to my life.
I think Hannah is going to group spiritually and intellectually over the next year.
One of the things that I have always despised within myself was the lack of discipline and diligence in my life.
He has definitely given me the desire and a million creative ideas and I now expect that He will give me the ability to do this.
We took the girls and two of their friends to a Greek cafe for lunch on Saturday and we made them eat Greek food (ok, so it was only a grilled cheese pita),  Michael and I were a little braver, we tried gyros.
It has been suggested that I don't force her to read books right now, just concentrate on the Code and give her a chance to develop her reading skills.
I can't wait to just up and announce to the girls that we are doing school in our pajamas, or guess what, we are going to do school at the pool, or who wants to blow off school today and go shopping, etc.....Please pray for me that God would direct my paths and give me discernment.
Then of course I will be using unit studies on all kinds of fun topics to incorporate the spelling, history, science, crafts etc....
