:) puts a smile on my face...yes it does.
Beloma said this lady in the picture played tic-tac-toe with her in the sand and she drank beer alot, also learned details like how she had the state of texas tattoed on her ass.
Here is how you matched up against all the levels: (Click on a level for more info)  Level Who are sent there?
And speaking about vacations, Sebastian is going to spain on Monday, and I have to take care of his dog for 3 weeks... and this dog, is also the size of my dog... a fucking cow!
But we'll see how that turns out :) As for now, I'm gonna add a radio blog and a friends list linking my friends blogs, journals, xangas and such.
I'm pissed tired but I cant stop thinking about stuff!
Our minds are a beautiful thing, they control everything in our body.
In General  So basicly, except for a little more noise, responsibility and plastic bags with poop in them, nothing will really change.
urlLink Personality Disorder Information   Yeah I took this test, i agree with the Schizotypal and Dependent part, not the other one though    Disorder | Rating Paranoid: Moderate Schizoid: Low Schizotypal: High Antisocial: Moderate Borderline: Moderate Histrionic: High Narcissistic: Moderate Avoidant: Moderate Dependent: High Obsessive-Compulsive: Moderate  URL of the test: http://www.4degreez.
urlLink    Ever since the movie Lilo and Stitch was released 2 years ago, I looked upon the blue creature and I fell in love.
Because you lived a cruel, vindictive and hateful life, you meet your fate in the Styx.
I strongly want to believe in an after-life, however I need proof, I want proof, otherwise I will never be able to swear I believe in something, I will always question things...
Heres a lyric from a song by Modest Mouse that stuck out when I listened to it, It sums up alot of my thoughts.
Also, VERY excited for warped tour!
urlLink Beware of cupcakes   This just made my day.... wait no... my entire FREAKING week.
you have the basis of christianity.
These are some great services that are brought to me by Blogger, but for god sakes, GET A COMMUNITY GOING!
So damn cute, I now have to go out and buy a stitch doll and the movie so I can see it in good quality and have it arround the house.
I'm glad Coco has learned to listen to my commands and Mika has been learning to listen to me faster, looking at Coco as an example.
I strongly believe I've had these "ghostly experiences" but what if my mind is just playing with me?
