lelah menanti wujud utuhmu tak tahu sampai kapan kau ada disana, pergi, dan kapan kau akan datang kembali   [kehujanan, biking from framework2home, what a rain!]
awan mendung awan hitam awan putih    membuat penatku tak kunjung enyah!
[Just Wanna Be With You]   for heaven and earth  [Just Wanna Be With You]  but can't find a way to get there    ...Would You Reach Out For Me Too?
menyelinap disetiap luka lama dan sisipkan kebekuan di tiap lorong nadiku   [tapi aku harus menyambutnya!]
tentang seni   Seni itu indah,  walau kadang begitu sederhana  hingga kita bisa mudah melewatinya begitu saja  atau terkadang justru larut didalamnya kadangkala juga begitu sukar difahami karena melewati batas imajinasi.
[Just Wanna Be With You]   through the rain, I run!
the sky above the sky   I see me sinking through the dark nights when the stars leave the sky give up the lights give up to try  But the gloomy river said its nights are darker than mine since there’s no moon willing to shine  Then the trees whispered the story of the darkest nights when the clouds keep blowing in between the deadly freezing winter wind  we’ll always have our own darkest nights but only if we let our eyes free to see it’s never been darker than others, truly   (Romeo & Juliet, Kissing you, Instrumental) above all sadness.
Paripurna   keajaiban datang membuka hati tebarkan satu keagungan rasa dalam jiwa    [dimana yang seharusnya tidak ada menjadi ada dan yang seharusnya ada menjadi terlupa!]
asa   asa yang kau tebar tak sedetikpun melemah ikuti aku kemanapun aku melangkah  tiap kali kucoba tepiskan semakin erat selubungnya di sekujur tubuhku  tiap kali kucoba kesampingkan semakin pekat bayangnya di sudut hati aku baru saja membunuh hatiku,  agar ia tak lagi tertawan kala tertekan agar ia tak lagi melambung kala tersanjung agar ia tak lagi meringkuk kala terpuruk  ya.. aku baru saja membunuh hatiku untukmu!
coldness freezes my feet.
kesah buat cinta   jangan usik lamunanku, cinta aku hanya ingin menikmatimu tanpa lelah   ... resah,  ... ... gundah,  ... ... ...dan gelisah  jangan renggut jantungku, cinta jangan datang tuk titipkan beban ... keraguan,  ... ... kesedihan,  ... ... ... dan air mata  maka biarkan mataku terpejam malam ini, cinta agar peri tidurku datang menghampiri dan percikkan keajaiban satu mimpi  dan biarkan mataku terpejam, cinta agar mimpi indahku tetap ada mimpi indah tentang kita   ... smile ... j-louzy   opening the window of my heart looking at the sky for my dearest bright star  but the nite was so dark and quite  the star  and the moon were hiding beyond the clouds  ... no light...  ... ... no wind... ...  ... ... ... no pace... ... ...    thought i was lost  somewhere along the space!
manjakan gemuruh di hati dan menawannya dalam kerongkonganku   [dan aku harus menyambutnya!]
i have tried my best for a million million times just not to be obsessed to tie these words with rhymes  but i always impressed by the sounds it creates though it makes me so depressed and plunged in such desperate straits   help me help me get through this don't let my feelings be enslaved written as an answer to a challenge of making a -happier- addicted-to-love poem, :)  and here it is...    ~*~   fumbling towards ecstasy...   you are the morning adoration a fresh dew to my heartache  you are the brightest shine of the sun a light to the darkness of my shadow  you are the warmness of the sunset a convection to my cold icy heart  you are my one twinkle star a great inspiration to my lost soul    ... when you step into my day!
aku terbang menari ke angkasa membuai awan ke kaki langit agar jelas kau tatap angkuhku acuhkanmu!
laid lonely down beneath the darkness.
12 juli 13:13 Once Upon a Dawn   ... d a n  anginpun berhembus membawa awan putih pergi  meninggalkan angkasa  tanpa pesan  begitu saja  berlalu   h. e.n.
a mermaid, tryin 2 breathe... ternyata langit malam begitu mengesankan meski kadang kelam tak berbayang namun kadang penuh bintang nan cemerlang  cakrawala pagi juga menyenangkan meski kadang berkabut pekat dengan gelisah namun kadang membiarkan mentari bersinar cerah    puji syukur ke hadiratMu, ya Allah, hidup ini luar biasa indah!
- time by time... utrecht centraal- Apeldoorn Sky    seharusnya , hariku cerah...  tapi entahlah  ... angkasa  tak mau   berbenah   awan-awan itu masih saja  berjejal  disana!
rindu itu indah tanda hati kita tak terpisah  meski hadirku hanya asa dan aksaraku jarang menyapa  (sekedar ungkapan kangen buat temen2 di enschede) devoted 2 u…   being with u is livin under d’shadow dark.
n.a     hanya catatan kecil tentang cinta  kala rintangan berjuta  saat cobaan memaksa New world of mine   keajaiban memapahku pergi tinggalkan lara dan penat  berikan aku dunia baru  dimana sungai mau menjadi sahabat baikku  membagi tenangnya tuk hibur aku  temani aku nikmati indahnya dunia  juga merayu bebek yang melintas   tuk melukis senyum di bibirku   b e g i t u   d a m a i   tapi daun mulai menguning  anginpun  berhembus semakin dingin  meniupkan kilas bayang usang di alir sungai  menjelma menjadi lara yang kembali menyapa  mengantar penat yang rindukanku  mengajakku menari..   berputar..  berdansa dalam pilu    dan kembali aku terbaring letih diatas segala sedih My beloved star    A bright bright star in the far far away sky blowing the wind drying my tears shining on me like I’m the only one Cold Rain in Early Autumn   i was with wonderful rain it's so damn cold but i couldn't resist the charm  so,  i've got to love rain i closed my eyes  let the cold water kissed my face and let no word comes out  let the chill wind embraced me tight and let no sorrow goes out   let the rainy world breathed me and let no choice left out  oh i love  rain i just love rain cuz i can dance in cold like what my heart always do  oh i adore rain i just adore rain cuz i can cry out loud and no one knows that i always do  i love rain above all sadness  ... ... ...  ~*~   A Reprise for Cold Rain in Early Autumn   by AA    when the autumn comes destiny knocks at my window say a wisdom  and melted the entire me turned me to become cold rain   and charmed u with my mystical beauty paralyzed u with my frozen spell  so u've got to love me, the cold rain in ur early autumn  then close ur eyes, princess  let my cold lips kiss ur face and let ur words come out  let  my chill arms embrace u tight and wipe your sorrows away  let my rainy blood breath u and give u new hopes  oh love me, princess just love me as ur autumn rain and dance with me like what my heart always dream  oh adore me, princess just adore me as ur autumn rain and let me wash your tears with mine like no one ever did  and let the world sees that I am ur autumn rain ...................    with my love untittled    let me be your light, princess... to melt the crown of darkness, for darkness is the absence of light.
