I feel you're acting out of blind hurt and you're stuck in the rut i was in.
I say apply what was to what is so you can look back by moving forward, cus or else you get stuck in a rut and you won't feel better.
They think that she has been talking crap about her them, so before it gets ugly, the guy w/ her broke them up.
K. I. T * id hug all of you but that would take too long and i dont have you all here with me.
Have you ever had to get tested for an STD or pregnancy?
My favorite part was creating my symbol.
Tae Kwon Do was soooooo much fun today!
Now I need to just sit back, relax, and wait for the weekend... cus im done w/ my homework, baby!
i got 4th place out of 5 ppl!!!!!!!!
yuh-duh .. but technically she didn't send it to me 8.
I don't know what you're expecting of me.
weathered - creed   I lie awake on a long, dark night I can’t seem to tame my mind Slings and arrows are killing me inside Maybe I can’t accept the life that’s mine No maybe I can’t accept the life that’s mine  Simple living is my desperate cry Been trading love with indifference Yeah it suits me just fine I try to hold on but I’m calloused to the bone Maybe that’s why I feel alone yeah Maybe that’s why I feel so alone  Cuz Me…I’m rusted and weathered Barely holdin' together I’m covered with skin that peels and it just won’t heal (x2) No it just won't heal oh no no   The sun shines and I can’t avoid the light I think I’m holding on to life too tight Ashes to ashes and dust to dust Sometimes I feel like giving up yeah I said sometimes I feel like giving up  Me…I’m rusted and weathered Barely holdin' together I’m covered with skin that peels  And it just won’t heal (x2) It just won't heal no  The day reminds me of you The night hides your truth The earth is a voice Speaking to you Take all this pride And leave it behind Because one day it ends One day we die Believe what you will That is your right But I choose to win I choose to fight To fight  Cuz me I'm rusted and weathered  Barely holdin' together I'm covered with skin that peels and it just won't heal I'm rusted and weathered  Barely holdin' together Im covered with skin that peels and it just won't  Covered with skin that peels and it just won't Covered with skin that peels and it just won't heal hedwig - angry inch   My sex-change operation got botched My guardian angel fell asleep on the watch Now all I got is a Barbie Doll-crotch I got an angry inch  Six inches forward and five inches back I got a I got an angry inch Six inches forward and five inches back I got a I got an angry inch  I’m from the land where you still hear the cries I had to get out, had to sever all ties I changed my name and assumed a disguise I got an angry inch  Six inches forward and five inches back I got a I got an angry inch Six inches forward and five inches back I got a I got an angry inch  Six inches forward and five inches back The train is coming and I’m tied to the track I try to get up but I can’t get no slack I got a Angry Inch Angry Inch  My mother made my tits out of clay My boyfriend told me that he’d take me away They dragged me to the doctor one day I've got an angry inch  Six inches forward and five inches back I got a I got an angry inch Six inches forward and five inches back I got a I got an angry inch  Long story short When I woke up from the operation I was bleeding down there I was bleeding from the gash between my legs My first day as a woman and already it’s that time of the month But two days later the hole closed up The wound healed and I was left with a one inch mound of flesh where my penis used to be where my vagina never was A one inch mound of flesh with a scar running down it like a sideways grimace on an eyeless face Just a little bulge It was an angry inch  Six inches forward and five inches back The train is coming and I’m tied to the track I try to get up but I can’t get no slack I got an Angry Inch Angry Inch  Six inches forward and five inches back stay under cover till the night turns to black I got my inch and I’m set to attack I got an Angry Inch Angry Inch hedwig and the angry inch - in you're arms tonight  Runnng head on to things that knock me down  over again you picked me off the ground when I wasn't strong enough to fight any more  but in your arms tonight   hold me close and tight  in your arms tonight in your arms tonight in your arms tonight oh my love  God only knows why I don't just retreat, instead of riding the rails back to the place of my worst defeat cause I'm not fooling anyone not quite convincing you   but in your arms tonight  Try not to be strong cry 'til it's all gone if you hold me tight in your arms tonight oh my love  the years you've seen in me the one who'd be there for you the way I need you here tonight.......  yea...............  in your arms tonight  in your arms tonight in your arms tonight  ohh... in your arms tonight all....my love...  all my love with just 2 days left till my bday i figure ill just put wtvr crap rolls into my head.
Saw Spider-Man 2 on Wednesday.
It was still awesome though.
what we people in America call "chinese" food 16.
And being 3:45 in the fucking morning ain't helpin :( fuck... this year was ... awesome!
I just can't think of very many other places where so many different people come together peacefully (most of the time.)
> > >God puts us all in each other's lives to impact one another > > >in some way.
speakin of kelley thoguh, ok, that is my wuv right there.
well , im going to go sob and cry and be depressed now ................ L8R wow ......... i cant believe this!
