com because it is my friends address I'll get it don't worry.
why then is it such a big deal to let gay people get married?....
*hugs* i have been talking to Ms. Diol from central again, shes now Mrs. Perdue i gave her this blog addy and if u read this.. yeah i am gay so ummm yeah lol well thats it... i havent ever realized how lost i am when my computer is down, its like im severed from a whole different social life, i love computers because well they satisfy my hunger for social interaction without having to worry about how i look or sound or what have you.
I guess all that I can do is look to the heavens and hope that someday I will meet the all so mighty one if he does truly exist... hey everyone hows it hangin 2day?
I just said thanks and said his were nice too, so yeah that was kind of weird to have that happen.
all i did was sit around the house and that got on my nerves really really quick hopefully if everything works out with chad we can hang out this summer sometime... well i guess thats it for right now... it seems like lately that i have been feeling more and more depressed lately and i want it to stop i just want to be happy and not worry about anything like the week i met chad, that was the best week of my life it was a really high point in my life then i come to this past couple of days and i have been missing chad alot and questioning if its going to work out and the way it's looking right now well, its not looking good right now and that really really makes me feel like shit but i guess i'll just have to move on if it doesnt work out for whatever reason i just cant stop thinking that maybe i did something really wrong and now chad doesnt want me but i dont know i just need to talk to him, i'll try to get a hold of him again tomorrow and if i cant i guess ill just have to wait but once i do i think me and him are going to have a long talk about things to try and figure it all out no matter how long it takes im going to figure it out with him.... i have been loaded with math homework since mrs lee refused to teach the sophomores what they missed last thursday so i have no idea what im supposed to be doing for that section and we have a quiz on it tomorrow so im pretty much screwed plus i have test corrections to do in seminar tomorrow so i have to get those done to bring my grade up a bit higher that it is if thats possible... i hope things get better soon because its starting to be too much for me and well yeah bad things happen when i get really depressed and i dont really feel like going there again anytime soon, or ever for that matter.
Contact your senators ASAP!
It is by far the best book about politics that I've ever read.
He asked me why I wasn't there today so I told him that I couldn't find a way to Kentucky he's like that sucks!
matt has become a symbol, a symbol for tolerance, and acceptance.
ill just make josh do it or something, he can figure it out im sure... ETS field trip to the college is thursday so im going to be behind in math and all so thats not good, its hard to get caught up in math class!
lol i need a blue one w/ the wings and black text now that would be awesome there, maybe it would match my hair!
Imagine having tons of people look at you differently because of your sexual preference.
i dont really know what to talk about on here since much really hasnt happened lately... ooo i have three tests today, biology, history and computers so ummm yeah..... i made a french valentine's day card today in french lol it was really stupid, i should make one for eric lol it would be really cheasy lol... it would probably scare him... too bad he couldnt read it i bet... i already used my allowance on my itunes account so that makes me kind of mad so i have to wait until i win a free one or something.... well i guess i better go, maybe i'll paste some more on this site later... omg it really stinks in here i dont know why!
i fall apart when i see you it's sad to say that i need you but i'm too afraid to admit that i've dreamed of kissing your lips and losing myself in your eyes my heart silently hurts and cries for you to know just how i feel for you to know that this is real...  but i freeze before you my dying love implores you to save me from myself sometimes i just need to be held and be reassured that i'll be ok and be reminded that you won't go away but when i'm alone i feel that i've got no one and i've got nowhere to go...  if i could be more positive and discover reasons to live i dno't want to get you into each of my confusing issues i want someone to understand that sometimes i do give a damn but no one around can relate cause their eyes focus on my hate...  but i freeze before you my dying love implores you to save me from myself sometimes i just need to be held and be reassured that i'll be ok and be reminded that you won't go away but when i'm alone i feel that i've got no one and i've got nowhere to go...  no matter how hard my life gets i still know what love represents and i find it inside of you but all this time you never knew that al of my problems get lost in the wind when yuo shake my hand and i feel yuor smooth skin if i could tell you but i wouldn't know where to begin...  i fall apart when i see you it' sad to say that i need you and i'm too afraid to admit that i also love you and i see that i need to believe in myself as much as yo do...  but i freeze before you my dying love implores you to save me from myself sometimes i just need to be held and be reassured that i'll be ok and be reminded that you won't go away but when i'm alone i feel that i've got no one and i've got nowhere to go but i freeze before you my dying love implores you to save me from myself before my heart becomes my hell assure me that i'll be ok remind me that you won't go away i don't want to be alone i want to have someone and to have somewhere to go...  i don't want to be alone I DON'T WANT TO BE ALONE!!!
I found some good quotes from firehot tonight, so I'll post them down at the bottom.
Even with the newest drivers I have even more problems.
So anyway I'm extremely bored and those sleeping pills are kicking in but I'm not dont posting yet so :p!
The music can do whatever you want it to, it can give you a sense of hope or sadness, it's all up to you they just put the words and the music out there in a great way and you take it all in, sort of like a sponge.
Maybe those first two positive turnouts were a sign for me, which I did not acknowledge.
