At least, he didn't think he would.
She required no explanation for his need of secrecy, understanding his reticence even with her.
Week&nbsp;3     His parents' marriage, never the easiest of unions, took on an additional tension after his injury.
He had always been afraid to tell anyone about these ideas or the 500 word essays and fiction he sometimes dashed off between classes or under his blanket in his dorm room.
She was happy that her son had at last confided in her.
As a consequence his hundreds of notebooks, filled over the course of fifteen years, sat unseen in boxes under his bed and in the attic where no one ever went except for him.
Lucky for him it was close enough to the end of term that he could start up with a new subject with no lost time during the next term.
It appealed to him in a way that little else in school ever had.
True, her first instinct would be to protect her baby boy from any unkindness - even from herself - but, though she tended to be timid, Nebraska knew she would be gently honest with him.
When he told her his secret a combination of pride and hurt flashed across her face, but the pride won out.
He wanted something creative, for once.
Story ideas, character ideas, snippets of dialogue.
He loved to read, had actually started when he was three, which pleased his librarian mother, even if his father had barely taken an interest, reminding them not to let the books get in the way of his athletic duties.
Nebraska had never told anyone, not even his mother, that whenever he had a moment of down-time he liked to jot down ideas.
He was sure everyone would make fun of the big dumb jock with the John Irving complex and if there was one thing Nebraska had learned to hate over the years it was being laughed at by people who assumed they knew who he was just by looking at him.
If his peers laughed at him - or worse, he wasn't any good - well, he wouldn't die from mortification.
First thing's first,  he thought.
He felt bad for the renewed, if unspoken,  acrimony  that darted between his mother and father, but he honestly couldn't regret that barely conscious hesitation.
During the break he poured over the catalog, searching for something to take the place of football.
Sometimes even lines that he heard as music in his head, so he called them songs.
