His core values are deeply rooted, and unlike his predecessor, takes the presidency seriously.
I often come to internal loggerheads about such things.
They may be over 18, but there is not one adult mind among them urlLink This  is just not right.
The Party of Lincoln daily fights for the timeless truths stated by the Founding Fathers.
Which, according to Al Gore, for us conservatives must be the devil.
Reagan's trademark eternal optimisim requires otherwise.
Point is, California didn't raise taxes - a showdown is brewing.
But instead of making it better, he has made it infinitely worse.
I am holding my breath, though - it has not yet been announced whether the CEO Academy has an affirmative action plan or not.
There are apparently some rumblings out there that Bush will make blocked federal judges campaign issues.&nbsp; I personally have no problem with that - the obstructionist card was played quite well against us in the 1996 election - but whether it's an effective issue is another matter entirely.&nbsp; In the grand scheme of things, from the economy, to the War on Terror, to government subsidized health care, there is little room and understanding&nbsp;in the electorate for the health of the judiciary.
More details  urlLink here .
Debates are designed to exhibit the candidates, their differences, and their fitness for office.
A well posited question at the end.
More will come later, when I am a bit more lucid...the war appears to be moving in a positive direction.
It's fun, at least for me, to view the commercial re-development of the Iraqi people.
The intro that Bill Richardson gave Jimmy Carter made me think that a Ronald Reagan tribute was on its way.&nbsp; That's not a Carter anyone, without the assistance of mind&nbsp;reducing substances, can&nbsp;possibly remember.
&nbsp; Governor James Gilmore responding to Geraldine Ferraro's contention that Martha Stewart is being crucified for being a woman, not being stupid.
They debate purposelessly, and we act decisively.
The information in this  urlLink article  does not bode well, especially for the south.
Local press coverage  urlLink finally  gets around to it.
