I called Ken to make sure he was feeling kinda ok.
In other words I had a man who did not want the babies to be born and his mother who agreed with him.
Last week, we all 5 missed him so much....but this week I am having real problems missing the oldest 3.
He wants to live with me so bad just like his sister.
becuase I let a drink come between my husband and me.
I do not want to loose my husband, I truelly love him.
i have been working real hard on getting caught up on all of this.)
I love him way too much to let ANYONE get inbetween us.
I have not had a chance to put my stuff to work but that really hurt my feelings.
uugghh      I hate that I get bitchy when I do not make love, but to be honest I feel like he is making excuses not to make love to me and it hurts deep.
I am scared to show him cause it will hurt me even more when he leaves.
My heart really hurts at times when I think that I wont ever have a baby by the man that I love so much.
I came home for lunch today, not really planning on anything but seeing my hubby before he goes to work.
Sometimes I feel as if he is getting so distance.
If I say something I am jealous.
I just wish , I could have attributed to this family in that way.
He was in pain and took some meds he was going to wait for the meds to set in before going to work.
I have been working real hard trying to really clean my house and then everyone is going to think I am the momma from hell when I dont let them mess it up,  I was up til 2:00 this morning.
and to know that when the baby is born that the baby will have a dad who loves her/him intensly.
No wonder why my husband hates when I get to be a flibberty gibbet cause I never shut up, and what I have to say isnt really important its just my thoughts.&nbsp;He is wonderful and he tries to listen but &nbsp;I try not to talk though its hard but I have been doing a great job at it.&nbsp; But now it just rumbles in my head.&nbsp; I think I will start a new blog, one just to write down everything I want to say that no one will care about, and just get them out of my head.&nbsp; See I am rambling again.
