But they shouldn't really get burdensome and take some toll on you.
PS: abusrd, we are talking about  urlLink invisible tabs  here.
Kids would love this one, all the time.
Meteorologically, it seems we will have a beautiful day tomorrow.
This time around in all probability I might be flying over Kaulalumpur, which is different than last time.
The tomb theory of Zahi Hawass and the Egyptian governemnet is true to the extent that the purpose of the pramids to these later survivor races was indeed as stated.
Cometary impact destroyed this civilization, but not before they where able to create the edifices that prove their exsistance to us now, yet continue to be shrouded in mystery.
And you learn and learn and learn... Bangalore may have become only the second modern city in the world to be turned into a verb - after Shanghaied, a word that broadly means to force -thanks to the outsourcing controversy.
So all set and will be back to Sydney this week.
Here it is :  urlLink How not to buy happiness   Don't forget to save the PDF full text version for a later re-read in spare time.
20-20-20   Step I: After every 20 minutes of looking into the computer screen, turn your head and try to look at any object placed at least 20 feet away.
The guy got us two tickets, corner seats in the centre, same window price.
And you learn that you really can endure... That you really are strong And that you really do have worth.
And you begin to accept your defeats with you head up and your eyes open.
I for one started to stop believing that I had a previous life.
I got this in my inbox which depicts what I am trying to say, rightly...  A MBA and an Engineer go on a camping trip, set up their tent,and fell asleep.
This will save your life, as life is not worth living without the eyes.
This is one question that all believers ask themselves at one point or the other in their esteemed present life.
It is apt for all of us (and also guys who send many mails), who spend long hours at our desks, looking at the computer screen.
I always loved Malay language.
