True or False Babes, Im like really sad you're leaving soon, like you have no idea... i cried a lot last night...
Douche is the French word for "twelve".
Last night i had the weeeirdest dream ( or nightmare) ever!!
I cudn't picture myself without you... you're just so amazing!!
Pornography is the business of making records.
and i explained to you, telling u that i didn't want to disturbe  your studies and that i wanted you to make your mum and dad....And i told you that your mum knew all the way...and u got so pissed off...and you were like saying that you were sorry, that you didn't know..and i was : yeah but i didn't want u to know.. i didn't want you sad... cuz i love you more than anything, and i didnt want u to suffer....  and we started crying.....And then i woke up, Crying.. A LOTTTTT!!
Everybody was so sad and stuff, and visited me.... And u didn't know anything, u just thought that i was a bitch for breaking up with you for no reason...and  hated me.
I called my teacher, and told him that i had a tumor, and that i was gonna leave the school, and try to follow home studies.
A diaphragm is a drawing in geometry.
I picture us in 10 years, with kids.... and still madly in love.
A pubic hair is a wild rabbit.
Hey babes, I miss you so much, you just have no idea, it was so hard saying goodbye to you, but remember, i love you more than anything in this world, you just have bno idea how i feel about you, it's so strange, cuz i neverfelt like that, like ever....
Coitus is a musical instrument.
i love you to death baby, and im waiting to spend the rest of my life with you!!
Fetus is a character on Gunsmoke.
I love you HUNNY-POO Heyz,   so look, I guess we're keeping this template, cuz well i suck at finding and like changing stuff..  so well... we'll just have to keep this one ;) I Love you Hun...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love you  -M Yeah, so u might have noticed, im bored as hell, so here's a lil reminder of Adam...         Redneck Sex Test     1.
Testicles are found on an Octopus.
A dildo is a variety of sweet pickle.
I'm over you , you made me suffer so much, but im over you, i found someone that's actually better than you.
