i told you I was good at this.
"you in the morning, me in the afternoon"    "all new friends" it's funny what carries the most with the most weight.
ghil and i walked out of the 17th street nat geo building a few days ago and i thought of something: reworking shakespeare with the likes of jon stewart, chris rock, george carlin, dave chappelle, wanda sykes, conan o'brien, et al.
i've been focused with the walkmen mostly, but film dop is vying to be in place.
in a side conversation she and i talked about how difficult it is for a woman to travel alone, which is why she was tied to him abroad.
he keeps time like that and almost looks the opposite, seeming to outgrow his kit rather than sit inside of it.
finally, i give him a really angry, no, i've got it, thinking that he was trying to offer to help bag my groceries.
* he made a film in cairo,  driving an arab street , among other things, that was aired on pbs, and has moved on from research to editing/producing segments for aptn.
i hurried up and left, too.
i've also got to buy a dvd burner.
she just wanted to sniff some poop.
she said she'll also ask her friends in the city on behalf of my concerns for work and housing to add to my repertoire of nyc tips.
all us coworkers turned up to represent.
he really loved it, was really good at it.
at work this week, before i got dragged away to do some research for a new explorer show for nat geo tv, i began gathering footage of iraq for a compilation tape.
but last night i was elated.
i've been reading  jihad vs. mcworld  by benjamin barber, whom i came across because of my obsession with new york that i satiate in part with wnyc npr.
obscure tell-alls later as we go, and you can do some preliminary guesswork from the disclaimer above.
so now that the first scene of roger's film is over, i think i'm feeling a little bit of culture shock.
so we looked around, sort of like for carol anne, now that i think about it: i lifted up the comforter to look under my bed and stepped back into the living room where dionne had found it behind the cushions of a couch in lieu of the clown in the closet.
