In my search for the "  Mini  Pierced Be-Atch! "
Show of hands for those of you who NEVER thought they'd hear that come out of my mouth!
The dolls were quiet now.
I'm not suggesting that it's all just "play" as if people weren't deeply, psychically invested in these images/contests for meaning in different ways, or that we abandon representation as a site of political struggle because, hi, that's all I do, but that we get smarter about it, examine the circuits of power (who's "appropriating" from who?
urlLink  How indie are you?
No lie, it's a remarkable, well-written, expertly researched magazine.
Everything in our world is based on numbers  and the more of us out there adding to the national statistics the less likely (I would hope) it will be that truly evil things (like library closures in poorer neighborhoods) get suggested.
K. I just wanted to check in and whine a little.
In other news, Our  Angel-Baby   got some  Sunday night although he's totally denying it right now.
It's pretty interesting in that there, in  "hard copy"  is  you , your beliefs, your life, your relationships and your aspirations; in fifteen pages or less  single spaced ; written by someone who has met you  five  times.
"this is  not  a question of being nice...!"
Now, seriously, I ask you, I'm thinking there's  no possible way  the love of old books could be  genetic  but still... it's not like she ever sees me reading them, I just like staring at them.
I want us to continue to write to each other; to occassionally call each other late at night and, whenever there's a break in our otherwise stupidly hectic schedules, I want us to f*** .
I discovered the latter by dumping a bunch of the congealed mass into what was going to be my first cup of coffee.
So, I failed entirely to catch that  stupid animal  last night (plus it was dark and I was tired {whine}) so I'm sitting out there again tonight hoping to entice aforementioned animal into the nice scary wire house I've set up to imprison it so I can take it to the vet and have it cut apart and sewn back together.
I dunno, I still feel relatively safe.
I am not as excited about their newly re-established presence in mine life!
Not that I didn't have a very fabulous time and not that I'm not grateful to the Mistah L-L crew for including us in their shin-dig but sheesh!
(Actually, it just occured to me that the friends I do have are supposedly  "allergic"  to cats and that  that's  why they never come over... hmmmmm....
To which the questioning child quickly replied "You can't have your  moms  as best friends!"
