This Revolution strated officialy on the 14th of July when the Bastille prison in Paris was taken by the bourgeoisie and the peasants.
that we recieved on our phone on the 14th of July when we arrived in Sydney.
), sleeping on a seat with a blanket to keep warm...but the view is extraordinary!
I have been fencing for nearly 16 years now and I like to share my knowledge with any person who wants to try.
The "totem" in the middle of the square represents what happen on the 14th of July 1789 as a symbol.
Sydney is approximately 2000 km North-East from Adelaide, the different modes of transport available are:  - the bus: foget it, last time Dylan spent 35h trying to fall asleep because there wasn't enough room for his tall legs!
we are both scared of flying!
Our history builds our present!"
Finaly, the best part of my day will be to meet Dylan at home to have diner...I wish it could be 11.15pm already...  Hope you are having a good day!
Tears didin't roll on our cheeks but it was a bit sad to say "Bye" to my sister.
and an album of U2: "Achtung Baby".
They have a certain budget to achieve this and they have to renovate a room per week.
Dylan cooked some kangaroo and I made a pumkin soup with milk.
Sunday, ha...Sunday (my favourite day because there is nothing to do except staying in bed all morning long), got up early to go to referee a school team fencing competition at St John's College in a suburb called Belair, near where we live.
Because I enjoy teaching this sport, I decided to complete a Level 1 Coaching Principles at the  urlLink Volunteer and Coach Education Centre Courses  here in Adelaide.
I Ccame back home in the afternoon, went for a walk with my prince and we ended up having a coffee at a new coffee shop:  urlLink The Perfect Cup .
I, Adeline, love fencing.
There are only 2 trains per week, one thing is sure, we won't miss it!!
Today, I decided to get a better rank in the footy tips competition with  urlLink the Advertiser .
Just jocking, in fact Dylan did really well, Bruce as well, and we wouldn't have caught them without the others!
