If you're so very good-looking  Why do you sleep alone tonight ?
's "diary" album go out of print?
I mean it was enough to hear those boys speak...
he didnt much care for honkey either.
and its true,whoevers doing the lead vocals sounds very much like a kid still.
Especially horizontal black/white 19.
I didnt dig them too well.
a heavily photoshopped version is going to be used in flyers and as a single sleeve.
The Fuckin' Polyphonic Spree are on "Scrubs" tonight!
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla      thats bullshit, the part about kitties.
Conor BrightEyes first band, and also we have future members of the faint and cursive and the president of Saddlecreek Recs,apperantly.
What does it mean to be afraid of fear?
Kasabian 'Club Foot' Tonight, while looking through my old photo albums in which I also keep various postcards and stickers and other cool stuff I get from friends, I've discovered an old postcard I got with four blurry color photos of Baghdad from last year and a little hadwritten comment in the middle "Wish I wasn't here..." That just blew me away.
I'd never say he was that age..   Soundtrack for today: 1.
I cant wait for the saves the day show with the fire theft(speaking of SDR),grandaddy and DIOS Yesterday thousands of demonstrators marched (or rather walked, lazily) through the streets of the dead city of Warsaw  - with no people downtown except policemen on every other corner, against the brown background of wooden covers nailed to the shop windows and doors.
Can you skip the way the band members look and just listen to the music?
just got ozma,hey mercedes!, and deep elms "emo is awesome/evil" sampler all discounted down to nuthin at the hot topic.
Im feel ill thinking about it.
I dont wanna keep you "in my pocket", or paint you into a corner, ever gain I just want you around I just want you to know I'll never force you to a zone, never try to hold you down I just want to cross your mind once in a while urlLink    J.
Every time we do something important?
