I have to keep reminding myself that life has no rules.
how lucky we all are that these things can exist.
I keep having this idea to keep a diary, but about something only loosely connected with my real life, mainly because I don't really think that writing about my real life would be much fun but also because making up a whole new life wuold be.
And he's bloody good too.
Then gerry found a man in a blue t shirt (AAC uniform) and asked him.
it's not been a particularly special day anyway... but lots of very kind presents from people.
the talk was quick enough though, and mainly consisted of everyone being introdauced (the teachers and players that is, not the learners) and people saying “I haven’t got a lot to say really) then as the buffet started I met a swiss girl (19), in England for her gap-year and in wales for the course.
it's just sometimes i get fed up of the idea of qualifications always being important and higher education and things.
I have a cold and and over tired but that's ok. and, after winning the school eisteddfor english competition i seem to be able to write things again!!
No seriously, I've been a complete failiure on the homework front, though I have finished a drama essay (1539 words!!
Last week I had a really lovely evening out in the rain.
I always understood it as a time without work perhaps, or a rest, but I seem o be mistaken, it's just a chance to do work in a different environment or under different conditions.
links not perfect but working at last!
what poor and dreadfully middle class woes I have.
At that point nicola and stewart had not yet arrived, and so catherine and paul went off to find them and we caroline and I stayed in the foyer in case they turned upp there, gerry went to sort out pen bryn for us.
by the way, if anyone watches pop idol or pop idol extra (or lite or whatever that thing is called, probably on ITV2) - I don't by the way - but the man with slightly long floppy brown hair and a gorgeously gentle Scottish accent who plays the piano and comments occasionally is the musical director.
seeing Ben is very nice, but to stay slightly... well not sane but un-odd t helps to see people that are friends out of choice too, though i like ben loads not just because he's my brother, though i'm glad he is.
that;s the problem with people and high expectations.
just hop on the bus, gus don't need to discuss much just drop of the key, lee and get yourself free yay.
I think that all you other people have the option on your blog layouts but mine doesn't.
