&nbsp; Ended up with really bad internal infections.&nbsp; really sick and yukky.&nbsp;   After 'recovering' from all of that, after about 6 months, I started having a funny ache in my chest and a nagging cough.&nbsp; Went to the Dr. and he said   don't worry your pretty little head about it, blah blah.
I've been away for a week in the hospital again and now I'm back home.
She had to let them through to get to the hospital.
A new haircut always makes me feel better.
&nbsp; So I made the appointment and can't wait to get there.&nbsp; My parents and I will travel there during the last week of August.
Amanda directed traffic and had to take down the barrier because a lady was having a baby in a van - really!!!
Coco is black so it doesn't show on her.
I will probably take a long soak with some bath bombs and Mango Butter and then put in a Yoga tape.
So far 2 different organisisms have been identified in my cultures - one in the MAC group and one in the MAI group.
I found out about him from another lady that was suffering from Sarcoidosis and non-contageous TB also.
I can't belive Summer break is over  .
She said he was wonderful and that after 9 months of treatment she is starting to be her "old self" again.
I just heard a yelp from the back yard and it wasn't one of the dogs... better go see if my hubby is allright.
Michael is out back with sack-crete and rebar trying to shore up holes in the fence where our little digger   COCO   keeps digging holes.
So I'm very hopeful it will be worth the trip and will be the beginning of a change for the better.
Meanwhile I've developed some major pain right below my ribs.&nbsp; So off to another specialist who is in the middle of her tests.&nbsp; Her hypothesis is that the Methotrexate is causing swelling in my Pancreas.&nbsp; I did some research and found the MTX can also cause cirrosis of the liver - I found a gal that had been on MTX for 2 years and now is waiting for a  LIVER TRANSPLANT !&nbsp; So what's a girl gonna do?&nbsp; The cure maybe worse than the disease(s).
I'm glad he is not going to be out in the streets too much.
&nbsp; Then in July 2003 the Doctors finally found "something wrong" (I think you have to be half dead before they can find anything).&nbsp; Enlarged lymph nodes throughout my body.&nbsp; They said it is Lymphoma or Sarcoidosis and did a biopsy.&nbsp; The biopsy proved it was Sarcoidosis (don't worry, no one else has ever heard of that either).&nbsp; The doctor said "You are so lucky!&nbsp; All you have to do is take steroids and you'll be all better in a week".&nbsp;    HA HA HA HA HA .&nbsp;     It didn't work that way.&nbsp; Yes, I took the steroids, but no, I didn't get better.&nbsp; Then in December 2003 I awoke one morning with "  telephone pole legs  ".&nbsp; Thats what I call them.&nbsp; Suddenly I didn't have knees or ankles.&nbsp; Just big appendages that HURT LIKE HECK.&nbsp; Ok, so now off to another specialist.&nbsp; Diagnosis:&nbsp; Inflammatory Arthritis (better known as Rheumitoid Arthritis).&nbsp; So I had to go back on Steroids PLUS the chemotherapy drug Methotrexate.&nbsp; That was in January 2004.&nbsp;   In May 2004 I spent a wonderful week in "Spa Crawford Long" Hospital with Pneumonia, and while the docs were running their tests, they found MAC (don't worry, no one else knows what that is either).&nbsp; MAC is non-contageous TB.&nbsp; Yep, that's right   TB  .&nbsp; So now I'm 6 months into autoimmune  SUPPRESSING  therapy and find that I have some nasty bugs in my lungs (and possibly elsewhere) that need to be  SUPPRESSED .&nbsp;   It seems that the best treatment for MAC is in Tyler, TX.&nbsp; There is a doc there that is world renowned for treating it.&nbsp; I met a gal who has been under his treatment for 9 months and    IS GETTING BETTER  .
Wow, this just never seems to end.
They spilt it all down the side of the yard and got it all over their hair.
