I especially like the fact that there were no reporters around and that he did this all off the cuff...    urlLink Lancaster Online.
The things we see everyday don’t even get noticed, they are just there, they’ve always been there, these trees are hundreds of years old, these hills and gorges thousands.
I’m pretty sure I haven’t left the office before 8 oclock more than once so far this week.
Andy had a knack for lotto, he always won, and he could always tell you what game you should play, what was lucky for that day or for you.
So this summer, get your own natalie.
On second thought, I'll just ignore this little bit of "mis-information" and talk about the ubiquitous afternoon thunderstorms that have been popping in the afternoon heat.
... cause she does...    urlLink Have a Harry Day!
I think time is running out to do something bizarre.
She was attractive in a wholesome way, like all those girls from youth group I never had a chance with.
I really need to go to the grocery store; I am so out of food that I made Ramen Noodles for breakfast this morning.
A) the carton of freeze dried mashed potatoes, they moved to Dallas before I did and even though neither Kevin nor I has ever eaten any, I’ll miss them if they ever go away (and no, they haven’t gone bad, they’re freeze dried, they’ll never go bad), b) a whole crap load of soda that Kevin bought cause his relatives were coming down and that his relatives never drank, c) half a gallon of milk, d) Kev’s leftovers from Cheesecake factory, e) half a thing of Velveeta, f) condiments….
I'm throwing away Thursday's New York Times.
In the eternal scheme there are more pressing concerns than my deadline at work or how I’m going to pay the water bill this month.
That I thrive on praise from my bosses, that far too much of my personal worth is determined by how well I’m doing at work and on how others see me… all this is true, but honestly I just want about ten hours of sleep right now… I can't believe its been more than a week since I posted anything real on here.
Its kind of sad, you can see the years of radio experience shining through in that every single thing on the site is written like a press release.
Most likely this means I'll have a mid 80's boombox propped on a folding chair.
It is art, intensely brave cinema and astonishingly beautiful even in its brutality.
I wish someone could tell me how I can feel so old without feeling anything like an adult...   15 there's still time for you 22 I feel her too 33 you’re on your way Every day's a new day...
Dana, I've been through alcohol, marriage, and network television.
urlLink    Joey Witham, who has been dong worship for Empower, is going to be at the last Metro, which  gives me good excuse to ask a question thats been on my mind for a while.
