And... Let her cry?if the tears fall down like rain Let her sing?if it eases all her pain Let her go?let her walk right out on me And if the sun comes up tomorrow Let her be?
Like I have to actually write something which makes sense.
Algernon Charles Swinburne (1837–1909) Love not, Love not!
I didn't sleep all night.. gahh you're away!
Make sure to let yourself fall in love, and take the time to really let your partner in your life.
Heather is great, shes 17 in 5days ;) i got the bus back with her today, hehehe we talked all the time ;) http://www.
Really, we're all just alike - some people make more of it than others.
Use this time to improve relations with old friends, network, and make new friends.
Take time off and get involved in things you never had the time to do before.
The Angel Of Darkness is here.
I'm at college from 9am until 5.30pm sometimes... ackkk.. and never home early... *predicts* Claire works in superdrug.
or 'strange' anyways this dream was dodgy i mean i was stuck in a science lab with james, lucy and some other people whom i cant remember and james was drumming, lucy was rumming and i was drumming using 2 pencils and a table, whereas they were drumming on proper drms :S, then me and james starteds singing that snowman song , the one where it goes reaaly high 'i'm walking through the air' or something :S then mr garvey came in and the was like, wow whos singing, came over to talk to us and the door wouldnt open when we all tried to get out, then there were more people in the room, and this window was open, sowe all climbed out of the winodw and went down all got out of the room and down these rocks to where there was an assembly going on inside the school :S *very confused face* then we all had to sing 'polly had a cracker' or something along those lines :S, ARGH this dream was very very weird and very very confusing ARGH, no one to help me understand it ish, ARGH *starts pulling hair out of head* eek, i'm confused now :S right i'm off now, i'll write in here on the 27th july, keep the blog updated Vic, see you all bye for now *waves* well i'm off on to manchester at 6am on saturday morning, to catch my coach at 7am, woohoo dannys a star he decided that he'd be nice and copy me "hell is for hero's" just so's 've got some stuff to listen to on the coach, and i'll finally be able to listen to the metallica album which danny has been going on at me to listen to, but woohoo loads of music to listen to :) should keep me occupied for a little while anyways i'll update this later on, must go and do my leaflets, well my sisters leaflets for her paper round which i seem to be doing nowadays, so for now bye bye well i've just been reading this random person's 'journal' 'http://www.
Just purse your lips and whistle, that's the thing.
This God foresaken world Where love has no hold Who am i?
I know its a dodgy dream but hey its  my  dream what do you expect!
I mean what actually is time?
I read it.. you be at your prom soon so... uhm.. yes... well, I read it and I'm not going to say a word because I seriously dislike the girl.. that's all I'll say.
The lust you have which the devil hates.
Mark: have another rose (F)  aLiCe: merci beaucoup lol  aLiCe: chow  Mark: bye  Mark: sleep tight and sweet dreams now hmm, i'll reply later on bloody hell its freezing here, excuse my language but it is freezing, too cold by far i'm going to miss talking to you Vic :(  Alice isn't always online:( and its good talking to you Vic anyways i came on here to write about this weird dream i had because you on holiday and it means i cant tll you about it on msn :( and duncs not on, though he doesnt really help he just laughs at them or goes 'hmm.'
ello ello ello wat do we ave here then?
