In August, Mel (the head of logistics, a very supportive Irish lady) has already promissed to put me on a couple of field trips.
I am just wondering if it works  Thanks a lot for the good times  Paul Sorry guys, due to problems with the server, the posts from the previous message had to be removed.
On the flight, I had the pleasure of setting next to a Malawian demographer from the  urlLink ECA  (Economic Commission for Africa) who filled me in on recent news and gave me a local perspective on the situation in the wider region.
and is currently working in that area while simultaneously trying to get scholarships from a European country to continue his education to a Master level.
But before I start nagging about my thesis, let me rather talk about the internship.
But since I have my thesis to worry about, I decided to remove myself a bit from social life.
This post has been removed by the author.
Even though I don't live with them anymore, I certainly intend to keep close contact.
So things are looking very promissing!
Seriously, it is a bit too posh for me: I have a kitched with an eating area, a livingroom, a bedroom and a bathroom (with a bathtub!).
Lutz On the dot three weeks ago, I arrived in Lusaka, Zambia, so I figure it's about time I wrote a bit about my first experiences.
Insaka seems to be the authentic, bustling, tightly-knit community that you would expect to find in Africa, while Elizabetha Villa is more the place of richer private residences that have guards at their gates.
At 3:49 PM, mathilde said...     well i am quite ashamed.. i was writing how i was proud that i suceeded to register (and i have to say that it was not easy for me!)
Somebody cleans once a week and if you want, they even do your laundry.
and i erased the message by error...if you have as many computer skills as me, a tip: do not click on the icon immediatly down your comment, it erase it!!!
As I said earlier, I have been posted with LTSH and the first week, I was basically processing invoices from our transporters and implementing partners.
I hope you are all doing fine and I hope to read about your experiences on these pages if you have a little bit of time.
After covering the more straightforward ways of making work easier, I started work on a database that covers all of LTSH and that links contracts to projects, invoices to contracts, payments to invoices and so forth, so that one can easily see the status of each contract partner, ocntract, project or individual delivery.
Last Friday, I moved into my own place and if I tell you what kind of a place it is, you are all going to be thinking the exact same thing that I thought: the perfect residence of the well-earning expat.
At 7:37 PM, ulli said...     oooh!
