So if birth isn't a good place to draw the line, how about conception?
However, much as we wouldn't want Cletus and Joe-Bob deregulating energy by themselves, we wouldn't want people who aren't versed in theology to try and figure out exactly what God means and wants.
The very fact that three-fourths of Americans are against PBA, and that mothers address their not-yet-born babies by name, sing to them, etc.
The person who gives scandal becomes his neighbor's tempter.
Priests, cardinals, bishops (and yes, I would assume even the Pope) ask themselves, "why is this a sin?
If we were backed by an army, pepole would do more of what we wanted because we could threaten them.
Does this mean that California Republicans think it's important that an actor occupy the Governor's Mansion?
In any case, I'm not alone in error :).
I can't get the dove/hawk split to work with this responsibility idea.
Jason responds that we function perfectly well with degrees of vagueness all the time, in professions that usually require a high degree of specificity, and that we don't need to determine the exact point when a mind comes into existence to reasonably test if what we know as a mind does exist at some time t.    If we really take Mike's argument to a logical conclusion, we're left with being unable to precisely define anything.
Why do we now have two people instead of one person?
He then argues that the only difference between PBA and infanticide is that in the former, the baby isn't fully out of the mother yet, and that trying to fit a moral distinction into that difference is unjustifiable:   This is the sickest of technicalities; yet people are using it as an excuse.
Assuming we're not shedding little humans when we touch something rough, then let's say that these diploid cells have to be able to turn into an actual fetus.
This is even more worrisome if there is an objective "truth" out there.
And with only two viable parties, that made the decision easy.
But newborns are dependent on the mother, and on the medical staff in her service, before and after the birth.
By Larry's analysis, if you advocate an act that I feel is a grave offense, I'd conclude that you're committing scandal even if you honestly believe that the act is ok.
Take for example  willingness .
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; So Reagan can't be blamed merely on the American  electorate.&nbsp;&nbsp;Democrats were complicit in his rise.&nbsp; And Clinton's  defeat of the Republican machine wasn't pure&nbsp;happenstance.&nbsp; It was  strategy.
If I never think about the morality of anything, then I'll never face this problem.
