Finally, realizing it's useless and that there's nothing I can do about it, I decide to cut open my chest and pinch off my esophagus before the milk can make its way into my stomach.
Then there's a shot of two old women whose wheelchair's have obviously been turned off, looking around while they're literally about two feet from the edge of the cliff.
I mean, all too often the troops are seen as "heroes" or as having "done something for their country" when all they've really done is get to blow a bunch of stuff up.
She couldn't stand that she cheated on him so she cut herself.
Okay, now it's your turn to post.
Comment away, my little whore-gnomes.
[]I don't think I have AIDS.
But now, it's like  Fight Club  up in this bitch and you all need to bring some friends to this website.
The first documented case in humans, thank you very much.
Well, whether Republican or Democrat or some other form of political affiliation (Wigs anyone?
Those weird Hawaiians have their own traditions and customs that they should leave on their land-boats and not force upon us mainlanders.
I corrected it for her and made my march across the stage--leaving high school the way I had entered it: Awkward, embarassed, and covered in a strange woman's blood.
I know that dinosaurs and horses never coexisted, but I assume if dinosaurs and horses did ever live together, there would have been a lot of horses being eaten by them.
I'd be sitting on the Witness Stand (oxymoronic action in itself) in court.
"I cut myself because I deserve it," she would say to the Asian chick that goes to my school.
But that time in the air, with the earth quaking beneath me and me, weightless in mid-air, will be so awesome.
I'm pretty sure it was in Jewish because there were a lot of 'h' sounds where it sounds like you're spitting and I know that Jewish people like to do that a lot.
I sneezed and it forced my arm into a weird position, something popped and I'm not sure if it's still out of the socket, but it hurts so bad.
For some reason we have a lot of dishes that we cleaned with Dawn all lined up back to back, between two motorcycle ramps.
Then, when somebody asks the monkey why he did what he did, he poops in his hand and throws it at them.
