Some people move to London for a job.
Yesterday I came across a  urlLink handy little web page  which gives a number of tube maps, including a  urlLink geographically correct map of the underground .
Well, for the last few months I've been unsettled and had been thinking about getting out on my own for a while, but with prices of everything soooo expensive around here, it wasn't really an option.
All we have to do now if finish wrangling with the agent about the contract and move it!
But the problem with navigating London via the tube is that it gives a totally skewed impression of the Geography of the place.
Nice to see, but doesn't really give you an impression of how you can get from place to another.
For someone new to London (or just visiting as I have in the past) the London Underground is a saviour (despite being hot, crowded and late).
Why did I decide up head into the big smoke?
Get a travelcard and you can just from one place to another without any problem at all.
For example, in the past I've gone from Tottenham Court Road to Covent Garden by getting the Northern line to Leicester Square and then changing on to the Picadilly line.
And if I don't like it, well, the contract's only a year...
I know plenty of people around and to be honest am looking forward to just being able to go to the pub for a quick drink, or head into the center and go to the Science Museum (where I've not been since I was about 12).
But then I got an email from Laura saying she was moving to London for a job and did anyone want to join her.
A few weeks later, we met at Clapham Junction along with Ade, and within a few hours (yes, we were that lucky) we'd found somewhere perfect for all of us!
I'm young, free and not tied down, so why not experience something a bit different now while I've got the chance?
Doing that gives me a slightly quieter day day the chance to experience London in the evenings and weekends.
But also included on that page is a PDF of the  urlLink geographical map superimprosed onto a street map !
Until recently, I'd actually shunned the idea of moving to London as something that I would never do (I'm not a "big places" person) but for some reason I thought I'd give it a go.
People get the tube when walking would have taken half the time, if only they knew where they were going.
It shows landmarks, train stations and railway lines, tube stop and lines, all in the correct locations, so now you really can see just how quick it would have been to walk instead of fighting the commute!
