I held my tongue....thought that the really fat women could probably kick my ass (based on sheer size).
Have you ever searched your couch for change to buy a forty?
Those bermuda shorts and Hawaiian shirts don't provide much warmth.
There was a time when lady green was quite envious of celebrities.
If you can't take a joke, what good are you!!!
fluid all over everything and car no steer now.
Two Jamaicans came and hooked it up (plus gave bobo HBO and Showtime cause bobo make the Jamaicans laugh).
headed on down to the  urlLink Hirshhorn  museum to see a talk by  urlLink Ann Hamilton .
last post lowered evil...must ad more...evil, evil, evil, evil, evil, bitch, ass, cunt, fuck, fat tard, retard, ham hands, party hats, felching, hamsters, duct tape, golden shower, scheisse, george bush, osama, christians, Alabama, penis, sex, O and i'm spent.
Went to the national zoo yesterday with my brother.
the scenes of some goofy aspiring japanese painter running through a 'blue screen' of Van Gogh's paintings chasing Vincent Van Gogh as portrayed by Martin Scorcese while speaking a mix of Japanese, Scorcese's shitty english, and French (WTF thought Van Gogh was a dutchman myself) all equally bad, very very bad.
I mean...seriously...how rude..... i've been planning out my summer vacation.
But Demi's current look is quite different from her GI Jane days, no doubt.
Watch your step on Montford Ave!
riding this fixed gear bike is going to blow out my knees.
Well...one of my New Years resolutions was to take up dancing again.....as I never ever stick to such resolutions (i. e. I have been a smoker for 6 years and my NY resolution for the last six years has been to give up smoking....)...I decided this is one I would stick to.
"GIRL FRIDAY presents Bhangra and Hip-Hop with special guest DJ REKHA."
Have you ever smoked out of a corn-cob pipe?
1-08-04 or  Orange Line   I found god in, 14 shades of orange, And one soul listening Driver.
Yes, Bobo admits, Harry Potter he likes plus it is easy for the fat tards to read.
