He frequently extends his work outside of the genre with independent films like "Love and a .
Each attendee will receive a gift bag full of prizes and promotional materials from our sponsors.
urlLink 'Shooting' at BAM (New York Daily News) urlLink IHT: Hip film producer turns hopeful director On August 6th, Altar Magazine will bring award-winning filmmaker Maggie Hadleigh-West to the Pioneer Theater in NYC to discuss her controversial documentary War Zone, a film about the street harassment of women.
com  The 2004 Temecula Valley International Film & Music Festival (TVIFMF) is proud to announce honorees R&amp;B icon, Lou Rawls for the Lifetime Achievement Award and Film Composer (former YES guitarist), Trevor Rabin to be presented an Outstanding Career Achievement Award at the annual Awards Gala , 6 p. m. on Sunday, September 12, 2004 at Wilson Creek Winery (35960 Rancho California Rd., Temecula).
Short Circuit is annually distributed to key industry professionals, such as studio executives, independent film producers, film agents, film directors, art directors, creative directors, production houses, and select members of the press.
The owner of a new film-production studio is offering the prize at a "Meet, Greet and Eat" benefit for the Kauai Food Bank this Saturday, July 24, from 4 p. m. to 7 p. m. at Lydgate Park.
Scripts may be passed on to your company during and after the competition entry period.
com News Story  Published in  urlLink Kauaiworld.
com  During their six and a half years of existence, the XL1 and the XL1S have had a greater effect on the low-budget independent filmmaking community than any technology since the invention of digital video.
First National Bank will sponsor the event, which will include an auction, gourmet food, live music and an honorary guest.
From its unique design to its image acquistion system, Canon engineered the original XL1 to be a versatile and special camcorder from the ground up.
org urlLink Small filmmakers get toehold in award, festival circuit - (bollywood news): glamsham.
Call for Entries  Scriptapalooza 6th Annual Television Writing Competition  Deadline: November 15, 2005  "Recognizing the value of cultivating new talent The Writers Guild of America, West supports the Scriptapalooza Television Writing Competition."
com  KAPA'A -- One lucky Kaua'i person will get the chance to appear in a featured role in a film that's starting production in September.
Middle Tennessee-based Ghostship Films will turn the Civic Center into a huge morgue where victims of an Ebola-like virus are taken in the feature-film "The Shelter."
After weeks of debate between attending Berkeley and NYU, her inspired heart is taking her to the Big Apple.
Hadleigh-West combines her explosive feature length film, War Zone with a titillating discussion that leaves the audience questioning their own behavior, as well as a society that condones this kind of aggression towards women.
For more information, visit the International Center of Photography at  urlLink www.
Tickets are $40 per person with 100 percent of the proceeds going toward the Land Conservancy's land acquisition and stewardship funds.
Through conversations on the street and with the audience, Hadleigh-West reveals the anger, fear and frustration as well as the affection, admiration and humor that characterizes relationships between men and women.
