"Ah, but he won't get to see all of my stunts!"
"And who's going to make me?"
"And yet he comes in here," Sirius muttered under his breath, and Borgin snarled at him.
"At the very least, being a prefect will help with situations like these."
"Do you have somewhere to go?"
"Don't pretend to know anything about my son!"
"Er—just someone in my year," James admitted, glancing away.
"Evans has had it out for us since when we first arrived at Hogwarts!
"He said that he would have them by now!"
"I assumed that Mundungus, being a notorious cheapskate and talentless wizard, needed a cauldron to do most of the magic for him.
"I don't remember being remotely injured!"
"I'll be locked up in the Shrieking Shack that day, and I won't be missing you all that much."
"If I had, we wouldn't be having this conversation, now would we?"
"Just tell our mum to save her tears, all right?"
"Maybe I wouldn't have if he wasn't always with you," Regulus muttered, attempting to move around the four older boys, but James moved an arm out to stop him.
"Often enough for me to recall him, obviously," he responded, and James cut in before Sirius could say anything else.
"Potter—" "No tricks, just an honest battle of wits!"
"The rest of you, take some of the fertilizer on the tables and start feeding your plants.
"There's nothing we can do, James," he said.
"To be perfectly honest, I don't have any idea."
"We were going to pay him for the leaves.
"We're still waiting for one more," Michael, one of the Beaters, answered him tiredly.
"Why don't we stick around to see how they're shaping up?"
"Yeah," Diggle answered, examining his empty pockets.
"You haven't even so much as mentioned her since yesterday."
"You're to return with us," Mr. Black told Sirius, the strange detachment in his voice balancing Mrs. Black's volcanic exclamations.
As James passed, Regulus locked eyes with him and gave him a stare that sent chills down James' spine.
Attempting to shake off his wandering thoughts, James threw the ball to Frank, but his hand slipped and caused the Quaffle to travel a few meters short of its mark, landing instead into Mimbleton's grasp.
Diving, Regulus missed his spell, but he was soon hit head-on with the Seize-and-Pull Charm that James had sent his way.
Executing a small sigh, Aven looked askance.
Fighting to choke back their laughter, James and Peter barely heeded Remus' hushing.
Freezing, both James and Sirius regarded her with the slightest bit of reverent fear, and James burst out, "Wait just a moment, Evans—" "Petrificus Totalus!"
Groaning, James and Sirius shared a grimace.
Hagrid repeated, frowning.
Halfway down the stairs, the boys ran into James' parents and greeted them with exuberant greetings, although they only received a half-hearted nod from James' father.
Having only completed a half-turn, she quickly spun back around when she realized that Sirius was not following her.
Help me push," Sirius requested.
His heart falling, James listened to the cheering onlookers before King changed the direction of his pointing finger and indicated the locker rooms.
I might try looking there first if you can."
I was just bored, and I wanted to see if anyone would miss me if I slipped out early!"
If I see you fool around one more time, I'll take twenty points from Gryffindor and send you straight to your Head of House!"
If they had not been moving so listlessly, James might have thought them partially sentient.
In response, Raul nearly went at him with his bat, but King was able to stop him just in time.
Instead, the rest of break passed by uneventfully after Sirius' departure, and James could barely contain himself as he waited for the return to King's Cross Station.
James scoffed, but Remus halted and clutched his head with his hands.
Leaving the clamorous pitch behind, he stomped into the dark underside of the stadium and slammed his fist against the nearest locker, feeling the cold metal bend under the weight of his hand.
Lily yelled as several of the nearest students cried out and leapt back from Snape.
Making a hideous retching sound, the greasy-haired boy opened his mouth to let out six or so bloated slugs, which hit the stone floor with ghastly squelching noises.
Maybe she'll turn around."
Mulciber commanded, giving Peter's leg a sharp kick with his massive foot and silencing him.
No more than a few pinches at a time, please!
Nodding with a smile when her spell dissipated, Lily turned back towards Hillary and went on ignoring James and his friends.
Nothing of importance, really."
Once, he almost pummeled King in the temple when he tried to exchange the Quaffle, and Rosier managed to snatch the ball after King fumbled with the unexpected catch.
One more wrong move, and I won't hesitate to remove you from the next game.
Positioning himself in front of Rosier, James stared the enemy Chaser down until both teams were in flight again.
Realizing that he would have to return the rest of the items upon his arrival at Hogwarts, James collapsed on his bed and stared up at the ceiling, trying to imagine the conversation going on below.
Relaxing, James and the others breathed matching sighs before hurrying back to the Great Hall to reunite with Remus.
Remus threw his head back to let out a hearty laugh, and James turned a glower on him.
Scowling, Hagrid growled, "Not all people believe this, but some say tha' it was a group of spiteful purebloods tha' gave the illness ter 'im.
Scowling, Mulciber repeated the spell, but Mussmug dashed between his legs and sprinted for the other end of the hallway.
Shaking his head, Remus slouched even lower.
She's one of the best in our class, but she can be kind of .
Shocked, James glanced down at the pot in his hands as the plant inside cackled loudly, many of the other students doing the same.
Shrugging, Sirius looked into one of the nearby windows.
Sirius announced as he and James lugged their suitcases on board, lagging behind Remus and Peter.
Spotting Kennedy's frown out of the corner of his eye, James suppressed a smirk as he waited for Frank to release the the Golden Snitch.
Squinting to see the black strip more clearly, he reached forward; expecting to trace his hand against the wall, he started when his fingers slipped into a hollowed-out space just behind the granite.
Thompson exclaimed from the spectator's box, and James watched as Regulus tore across the pitch in a seemingly random direction, his thin body pressed tightly against his broom handle.
Turning over his hand so that James could see the thin underside, he rubbed his pointer finger and thumb together.
Turning to leave the situation, they had taken no more than three steps when Mrs. Black's loud voice cut through the air like a Severing Charm.
Turning to stare at Remus and Peter, James and Sirius held their breaths as Remus stared at the floor.
Twenty minutes and one heated lecture later, James left the empty field, his ire now faded away into gloom as he joined Sirius, who alone waited for him by the stands.
When he had left, a heavy silence settled over the room, and James glanced at Sirius to see his friend staring at the floor.
Why don't you get into pairs and try it yourselves?
Wilkes spoke up just loudly enough for James to hear.
You can't keep him here!"
