"And, well, I was rather hoping you wouldn't notice, so that I could be romantic and re-propose with it.
"I am glad you are pleased with her training, Father," he offered in lieu of an answer.
"I swear that this is a truth potion, not a poison," she quipped back as the liquid plopped into his drink.
"It meant I could protect you-that I'd be the one caring for you, not some Death Eater really bent on twisting you into a weapon.
"It seems it would be time consuming and leave one open to attack."
"Let me in before I huff and puff and blow your door down."
"No, I don't think their magic is similar enough to ours."
"Wait, they let you keep your wand?
"We have to meet with my father in an hour," he reminder her gently.
AN: For all of your who are worrying that I originally said 24 chapters and we're at 20 without a resolution in sight... be not afraid, due to the divergence of my original plan and the current story, I think we're in for a few more chapters!
AN: The action will start picking up from here on out!
And I know that it might be a long time from now before you trust me enough to talk to me.
And her little fiction had prettily charmed the woman, who was rifling through her bookshelf.
And so, the only hopes of the wizarding world were sitting here, spilling secrets to a disguised Draco Malfoy.
And three, information on some guy named Tom Riddle.
And to devote all of Snape's time to her as well... "May I ask what she has been eating?
At a nod from Snape, Draco tilted the last potion down Hermione's throat, watching carefully to make sure she swallowed.
At least the Healer thought her prognosis was good.
Despite her enthusiasm, the Mudblood has no memory of her former friends or of the intricacies of interrogation.
Draco struggled to keep his voice calm, as if his fate didn't hang on her answer.
Draco swallowed around the lump in his throat, feeling suddenly unsure of himself.
Every movement of his quill felt like a noose tightening around his neck; in debt to the greasy man, again, for failing at his appointed tasks.
He also hoped-for his own hide in the distant future, and maybe even Hermione's hide-that Potter survived and disposed of Voldemort.
He babbled, bleeding the thoughts he'd kept so carefully tucked away from the world, from himself in some cases out to a bushy-haired freak who he'd likely duel to the death-hopefully hers-once this was done.
He doubted they had any idea it was he, although if they did, that's be a nice feather in his cap!
He hoped this would buy him some lee-way in asking more questions without suspicion.
He hurried deeper into the room before finding Hermione tinkering with a small army of quills, parchment, and the creepy, fleshy ends of the Extendable Ears.
He reached over and tugged at the Time Turner chain so he could loop it over his own head.
He scanned the property for wards, channeling what he'd seen of Hermione's quick mind.
He seemed blithely unconcerned with which option Hermione chose.
He snorted, and mentally bet himself that he already had a request for an interview sitting with his mail downstairs.
He was considering slipping her a book of Dark spells tomorrow; he'd tell her they'd covered them seventh year.
He was just about to change the color again when a pop announced Mipsy's arrival.
He was reduced to wanting to spend time with a Mudblood who was furious and moping and barely talking to him.
He'd invite the reporter over for a joint interview with his fiancee, spinning a story of their clandestine schoolday romance.
He'd lied to the Dark Lord.
He'd merely lied by omission.
He'd placed that ring on her finger, to unknown effect.
Her strength really lay in the obscure curses and potions she had picked up while plotting against him and researching her own malady; with some of the information she knew, it wouldn't be hard to convince his father he'd been training her in all sorts of Dark Arts.
Hermione looked incredibly smug, so he avoided making eye contact with her.
Hermione ordered strawberry and peanut butter, while Draco stuck to chocolate.
Hermione sighed deeply, and was silent for a moment.
Hermione stared at him intently.
Hermione's face looked pinched.
His eyes tracked the Healer's motions, but his mind had turned inward.
I am curious what you think of this chapter!
I can feel the blood all over me and yet I didn't spill a drop."
I can't say I have a lot of confidence that this won't end with your Obliviating me or killing me either.
I thought that the Draco I spent time with these past weeks seemed on the whole pretty decent and that the answers I got from you just now sounded a lot more like a teenager forced between a rock and hard place than an evil henchman bent on world destruction."
In summary, after a thoroughly unpleasant day in which he'd cast more Cruciatus curses than he cared to count, he found himself accompanying his aunt-whose hair really was more horrid even than the Mudblood's now that he'd seen the amount of blood she let get crusted in it-to the bank.
It almost worked; the intensity of her gaze made him want to spill everything, to confess.
It had been many years since an interaction with his father had been endearing to anyone.
It had been only two hours since they left Draco's room, although it felt like a lifetime ago.
It hadn't been hard to find his Aunt - she seemed to lurk around the manor like a pest-removal-charm immune vermin.
It was a good plan, he assured himself, if a little… intimate.
It's… I've been so afraid you'd leave."
Made him leery of fully trusting him.
Mop-head asked hopefully.
One false step and he'd plummet to the ground.
Probably pretty ancient, like Hogwarts Founders ancient."
Salazar, his father was a manipulative bastard.
Several unpleasant rumors.
She made a moue of disgust, but she reached for the books eagerly.
She was silent for a long while.
So, he had read Hermione's files, learned just how well she had done in the absurd number of classes she'd taken at Hogwarts, chuckled as he learned how she'd manifested her magic in the Muggle world by burning her classmates' fingers if they'd dog-eared books.
Something to really get the Order's attention and to draw them out."
Stasis on the vault means they only grow while it's opened, so they don't get hungry, and if thieves do break in…" She grinned happily at Draco, who managed to nod.
Taught by a lovely French woman, Sandrine de Fontaine; she was fired at the end of the year.
The chandelier exploded next, raining shards of crystal over both of them.
The ginger idiot sounded insulted.
The greatest wizard of their age.
The man came to check on her twice a day, his wand lighting up fewer times each visit.
They could just stay in his room for those two hours; hopefully that would be enough to get her calmed down enough to keep them both alive.
We're well off-track from where this story originally went, so it sometimes takes me a bit to pull things together in a direction I'm confident off.
We've had people searching diligently for them, with no luck."
What felt like eons later-Hermione had kindly cast a cushioning charm for his knees when she saw him wiggling in discomfort-the chiseled features of one Blaise Zabini appeared.
With a click of understanding, Draco realized that whatever they were about to do to him explained his preternatural calm before his death.
Would she feel better if he told her that he understood how she felt?
You can practice Imperiousing all the guards to go get food from the kitchens to feed the prisoners and bring us back a list of what they did.
