"As my apprentice," Snape clarified, "We need to send your registration to the guild.
"But Severus just woke up!"
"Dementors," Harry replied, showing Hermione the passage he was reading.
"Don't let it be forgotten and kept in the dark," Fred begged.
"Exactly so," Snape admitted in a low voice.
"He would forgive you anything!"
"Honestly, putting 'Moste Potente Potions' in the middle of those Herbology books seems off, doesn't it?"
"I didn't do that on purpose," Harry said, wanting desperately to defend himself even if Snape hadn't accused him of anything yet.
"I doubt you would have learned much if I had attacked you like this since the beginning," Snape said evenly.
"I just didn't think I would see you here," Harry uttered, "Not that I mind, of course.
"I know Hedwig," Harry said quietly, "I ruined the moonstone."
"I know he used to be a prat," Lily answered, "But he's improved a lot lately, hasn't he?
"I thought I was on to something," Harry said, ignoring Snape's attempt at a joke, "But my instincts might have been off."
"I was just wondering – since no one is really trying to kill me this year – if I could have my friends over for Christmas.
"I will attempt to bring forth the most terrible of memories and thoughts as well as fabricate my own.
"I would say at least another week," Pomfrey told him.
"I'm expecting visitors," Snape said, "And I believe that it would be advisable for you to stay, if only for you to get a grasp on the more Slytherin of traits that a Potions Master sometimes needs."
"In the literal sense of the word, no," Snape replied, "But essentially, yes."
"It should be nearly done, but I get the feeling that something is missing," Harry said.
"Not today," Snape said, "I can see that these last hours have been draining for you.
"She's cute," Ron said pointedly as he stared at the high table.
"She's very capable though," Harry replied, "And she's the closest by."
"Smooth," Draco whispered when Hermione blushed.
"Stop drooling," Harry chided, "Before she hears you.
"That is not really the assignment, Harry," Slughorn said doubtfully, "My request of you was a hiccoughing solution."
"The heart was made to be broken," Luna replied.
"What are you reading about?"
"Yes, Bella uses people as well.
'You bring death wherever you go,' Petunia shrieked in horror.
A crack seemed to appear in her wand.
A cutting curse will not work but an Incendio will because the fire you create is all natural as soon as it leaves your wand.
All you need now is the technique.
An owl seemed to hoot in the distance and a slow rumble came from somewhere across the horizon.
And Bellatrix had taken her sweet time, that sadistic witch.
And yet, underneath the muck, grime and obvious fatigue, they were both grinning ecstatically.
Another wand flick and another blow.
Are you telling me that you would have left me there to rot?
But no sirree, here it is!
But then, the Potions Master shook his head incredulously, smiling as he did so.
But when it seemed that Snape was not at all concerned about it, Harry relaxed as well.
Even though the heatwave had long passed, Hedwig had made herself quite comfortable in the dungeons.
Even you cannot possibly hope to gain that much information in such a short time."
Ginny casually buttered a nice warm roll, resolutely ignoring the stunned faces of the golden trio and the self-satisfied grin on Draco's.
Gratefully, he used them as he had learned and shaped the way out of the memory.
Harry asked, "All of the other teachers call him Severus.
Harry frowned but automatically stepped forward to sit in front of the man.
Harry gritted his teeth at the growing sense of discomfort and hopelessness.
Harry heard the sound of crows as they flew overhead.
Harry met Snape's gaze who smirked at him and Harry narrowed his eyes, inclining his head towards the great hall entrance.
Harry stomped off to the potions lab and threw his books into a corner.
Harry stumbled a few steps back but did his best to stand his ground.
Harry took a shuddering breath, clenching his fists tightly.
Harry wasn't sure if she was any good yet since this was the first game of the school year but he knew better than to underestimate his opponent.
He couldn't even speak to Harry with the curse that bound his lips together.
He had noticed that Professor Bell was always on time nowadays and could get around much more easily.
He put a comforting hand on Snape's shoulder and smiled at him.
He shot Rabastan an incredulous look that he normally saved to stare at the work of his most dunderheaded students.
He was vaguely aware of the man ripping through his memories in what appeared to be a blind fury.
Hermione and Draco were both on opposite ends of the room.
His eyes then searched Harry's nervously, almost as if he was some infatuated schoolboy.
I demand to be released immediately."
I would send him to St. Mungo's –" "He would hate that," Harry interrupted.
In here no one was dying; there were no abusive Dursleys or evil Dark Lords.
Pass me the butter, Harry."
Satisfied that his distraction would probably last long enough, Harry focused on the tall oak tree behind him.
She just shrugged and turned towards Flitwick who sat on her other side and happily engaged in conversation with her.
She was always at the front lines of any battle and helped her people through many wars."
Snape ignored him entirely and grabbed a chicken filet.
Snape summoned a house-elf and ordered dinner for both of them before directing his attention to Harry.
Snape's gaze softened just a little.
That man deserved to die and painfully so," Snape said, "I am rather impressed with the spell you used.
The entire class groaned but Bell smiled fondly.
The scene swirled and Harry was thrown into the graveyard, the dead body of Cedric lying beside him.
There was no courage in that."
There was obvious surprise in his eyes when he looked up.
Use that time to practice."
Whatever was happening now, Snape was not supposed to be a part of it.
When Harry looked up at the ceiling, he became aware of the pouring rain that was going on outside.
When nothing happened, he opened the book and scanned its contents.
Whoever those mystery visitors were, they had not shown up yet but judging by Snape's calm demeanour, they were not late.
You are a dead man, Snape.
You shouldn't even be thinking about him after what you've done."
