"My parents died before I graduated, I was too young and other than myself, I was told that Petunia and her husband were the safest places for him," Aralia explained.
"Now, enjoy Christmas, gifts are on their way for you."
"Playboy, womanizer, all 'round prankster."
"She's hanging around Professor Snape?"
"So, that would explain why you never came to Hogwarts?"
"There's some pie at the cottage Minerva brought last night, what would you boys like for a late lunch?"
"Well, next time leave the search to us adults, yes.
"You are safe from that thing, unfortunately I am not -" "Whomping Willow."
"You can, believe me, Harry.
Alastor grinned as he stood from his seat, limping as he walked towards her.
Alastor may have come at you like that but he'd never have called me Black.
Albus said as he walked them out.
Albus watched from his office window at the three running outside, laughing and enjoying the winter holiday.
All three teenagers gasped with fright and rushed after him and shouted for him, Draco continued chanting to himself in his mind that as long as Ron continued to scream that meant he was alive, in pain, but alive.
An idea struck them both, "The pipes," "Of course, the school was built ages ago, the plumbing is going to be huge."
And being so, Dumbledore took the opportunity to give you an identity that would not specifically raise brows.
Apparently, her only goal was to keep Harry Potter alive, a goal they each shared.
Aralia felt relief for a mere moment when they'd came around the corner, "Remus!"
Because work was all he ever knew.
But his teacher, and sometimes teachers saw through things faster and more clearly than that of a relative and was glad the next day had gone gracefully.
But the sudden screams he got from deep inside the forest had him forgetting all about his own fright he ran into the forest calling for the two boys, "RON!
By that time she had done her best to numb herself from him.
Draco gasped with shock and he was glad he wasn't the only one in shock at Harry's attack against Snape.
Draco snapped with malice to the fake.
Dragons Aralia sighed with nervousness as she paced the stands, she had done this for weeks at her Cottage.
Everything was different now.
Eyes that have begun to skip generations for a while.
For the first time in years, Minerva hadn't seen him this angry.
Harry was told to go down to the trophy room after the celebrations were over, but honestly, he felt like hiding and vomiting.
He - he told me so himself I swear!
He admitted, a small blush on his cheeks.
He and his wife seemed to even take an interest in her, knowing she was different but kept much of their assumptions to them self, however, he had told her he'd like to hear her story when they got the occasion.
He and the other three boys had been covered in snow, however, the slightly bleeding nose Dagny had was worrisome.
He had ripped the cloak off him and rushed forward, "Dragons!
He said he had a friend who would transform into a snake.
He'd obviously walked a long way in the heavy weather and he was a very cranky looking man, and to have been as drowned wet as he was.
Hermione shouted at him, they all had absolutely no idea why he'd even attacked Snape.
His thoughts were cut short by Draco raising his wand swiftly to Lockhart, an evil, an angry scowl on his face as he sent a small zapping spell at Lockhart's hand before it reached his wand.
Hogsmeade Trip As the days moved forward, she found herself quickly cornered by Harry and Draco, both boys holding a piece of parchment in their hands, "Please tell me you haven't gotten a detention already?"
How'd we get out of there anyway?"
However, he was now going to likely be in more pain because now Poppy had to 'regrow' the boy's bone's back!
However, since now you are an only living relative aside from young Mr. Potter, the title to the Cottage is now in your name, as are the rest of the Potter's belongings to hold for Harry until he comes of age claim them.
Huffing as he and the other's walked away leaving Aralia shocked and bewildered.
I hit my head against the rock wall, and I was barely conscious.
It was like he was hearing the famous words, "Help!
It's none of your business what happened.
Lockhart laughed gently with some nervousness as he stood from his kneeled position.
Lockhart snapped with irritation.
Magic seemed to be playing against her health.
May wan' ta try it out on yer own hair if ya ask me.
Narcissa was testing Aralia.
Now he just felt weird being out here if Hagrid was meeting someone out there while trying to supposedly tell him or show him what the first task was.
Now that we have our three champions-" Albus was silenced at the reactions of the students and that of the other Wizards and Witches present for this Game.
Petunia snapped, coming full circle and getting into the redhead's face.
Poppy shouted with fright.
Raising a brow Aralia complied, "Not at all, after the sight you've just seen I can see why you want a larger glass.
Relief filled them all when their charms hit him, the Rat was re-transfigured into an older, rugged, dirty, Peter Pettigrew.
Ron asked, now he was confused because Aralia just found them.
Severus Snape stood out from behind Kingsley, a look of death on his face.
She thought he had asked as to make it a 'date', "It's not a date Aralia."
She was not in her time, she was in theirs, she was a part of their time now.
She'd been unable to stop herself.
Shrugging it off, Snape walked towards the Quidditch field and found the team laughing as they walked out.
Sighing as he took the time to read Albus's letter, he folded the letter and set it onto his file, "I'll take the job."
Smiling at her reaction, Sirius sighed and brushed her hair back from her face, "You need to eat when you've settled yourself return to supper."
Something he'd lost when he'd lost Lily and James, worse when Remus had left him to the torture of the authorities.
Tell me, was it interesting how that flipped a bit?
That's why I can hear it.
The boy was all he had left of Lily, but he was displaying his father's attitude!
The last thing she said to me before she died was that she loved me, and she could have loved me like I had loved Lily.
The news he'd later delivered to Sirius regarding her health had not been positive, but it was glad enough news that she had not caught an illness.
The tattoos that littered his body from his time in Azkaban stunned her.
This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit.
Walking anywhere she could, she found herself in an empty room in the Dungeons littered with pillars.
When asked why Draco would simply shrug and told them he didn't know.
her voice was now a small whisper.
with a small nod, Dumbledore knew that was a slightly bad example on his part, but it had been worth a try.
