"All students will be in the common room by six o'clock every evening.
"As the summer passes and the year moves on we move towards the dark; knowing with love it will always pass and that those who are on the other side watch over us and will greet us when the time comes."
"Big smiles Harry together, me AND you!
"Did you ask one of the older students, or teachers, to put in your name?"
"We want to stay with him."
"Well, clearly not all of the children safe.
"What an extraordinary coincidence this is!"
"Yeah I just ran into Ron.
"You five may go and get some rest."
A few moments later the stone gargoyle moved aside and Lily stepped on the moving stairs.
A scarlet clad figure zoomed onto the pitch from a door way far below them, so quickly you could barely see it.
And it reminded me of when I went muggle camping."
Aunt Petunia had rung Lily every day that week; apparently Uncle Vernon had a huge meeting coming up, something about drills and a dinner party.
Bellatrix swept over to him and shook his hand briefly.
Daphne and Pansy were dressed in similar dresses, the white silk of their skirts falling around their chairs, hair done up with tiny snowflake pins.
Daphne, ah you've already found Miss Granger, very good."
Davis asked as he and Fudge helped her to her feet.
Dobby said excitedly, "And comes home for holidays?"
Draco beamed, going over to him and giving him a big hug.
Draco gave Harry a rub on the shoulder, "I'm so sorry.
Draco said, "Petal loves her."
Dumbledore said finally making it down to the game grounds, "I suggest that you get Mr Potter to the hospital wing."
Dumbledore said standing up.
Get something from the kitchen if you need to.
Harry asked pulling the cloak off and sitting next to him, rather squished on the edge of the step, "Did you get hurt?"
Harry asked putting the book down.
Harry hadn't been listening when he'd picked up the phone by accident one day.
Harry looked slightly behind him to see the old wizard, with large, pale eyes, standing by the window.
Harry nodded and made his way quickly to Transfiguration.
Harry nodded, "I can't imagine ever not being friends with Draco and Neville.
Harry nodded, forcing all thoughts of Ron out of his head.
Harry said putting the wand back.
Harry said, "But I would like it if you guys could stay close to her.
He closed it quietly behind him and ran straight into Draco.
He offered his arm to Madam Maxime who managed to giggle like a young girl before taking it.
He pinched himself hard, leaving a bruise on his arm, to check he hadn't dossed off and was still waiting in the Quidditch stands.
He put the little cupcake on the side table and picked Danica up.
He smiled, rubbing his aching scar.
He watched it for a few minutes, thinking about Remus.
Hermione blushed and gave a small nod.
I came from a distant land in the pocket of a traveller, Hagrid hatched me from an egg and cared for me.
I haven't heard anything more."
I really don't think after everything you've done for us one point really means all that much."
I shouldn' have told you that.
I think, and this is my opinion, that the Ministry needs to place Aurors at the school, more protection must put in place for the new school year.
I trust that Sally and Howard are treating you well?"
I was worried; I thought maybe something was wrong when I didn't hear from you."
I'm not sure where James got his from, before I knew him so I guess he got it from his parents.
If it had happened the other way round I'd be annoyed as well."
It wasn't long before the Grangers pulled up in their car.
Krum and Lynch were both plummeting towards the ground.
Lily assured him, "Come on let's get home."
Lily said, admiring the shiny new camping kettle that Narcissa had warming on the fire.
Lily scooped out a generous serving to everyone, including Krecher who for the last few years had learned to enjoy being looked after rather than feeling it was always his job.
Most of his friends were away on a summer holiday before their children went off to Hogwarts; not that Harry minded it just being the Malfoys.
Mrs Weasley let out a tense laugh, "Percy, we have guests."
Mum took it for the same reason and then left half way through the year, said it was useless.
Neville said, "We're on everyone's enemy list."
Nikka nodded, "They found out about Bertha Jorkins as well so are ripping Ludo a new one.
Pansy said, forcing a smile, "We'll start tomorrow."
Petunia put in, "He broke into the house."
Petunia squawked, her eyes darting towards Piers, but thankfully he was distracted with Dudley.
Remus let out a snort of laughter, "You did well.
She gave Nikka a tight hug, "You guys are so perfect together and he has been so much happier since you've been in his life."
She snapped, "I was raised that colour was ostentatious for religious ceremonies.
Sirius and Severus gave identical snots at the excuse of Petunia 'struggling' and rolled their eyes.
Sirius gave her a tight smile back, "Very well.
Sirius said, "It will be warm as long as Harry and Danica are, left side for Harry, Right for Danica.
Sirius smirked and considered it for a moment before his curiosity got the better of him and he slit the letter open.
Sirius's Mother, the painting, was a huge fan."
Snape hissed glaring at Lockhart as he made his way onto the platform next to Lockhart.
Thankfully, Gemini and Rodolphus's names weren't on the list just a couple of older students that Harry didn't really know.
The Dementor stopped moving forward, banging against the shield; unable to get to Harry.
The Hat took only a few moments to decide with Neville before shouting "GRYFFINDOR!"
The air was hot and steamy from several pots, big enough for a person, simmering on the stove tops.
The eggs, he had to get to the eggs.
The red headed boy ran up to him, Ron looked up and down Harry's robes briefly, "I wanted to talk."
There were tears in his eyes, and she felt a pang of guilt for coming in here.
They ran as fast as they could threw the forest until they were somewhere they recognised and back on the path.
To start with, why on earth would Harry Potter be on the forbidden floor you ask?
Tonks blushed, "I would but I don't know if he will ever want to.
When he was younger, a lot younger, it had been fun to be the centre of attention, to have random people giving him praise and sweets but it didn't take long for it to get old and then very very annoying.
Yours sincerely, Mafalda Hopkirk Improper Use of Magic Office Ministry of Magic Vernon laughed nastily, "Well well well, getting kicked out of school are we?
she called behind her before heading upstairs for a bath.
she said tensely, "Best be running along.
