"Ah, changed the last name I see."
"Hey, M-" James was immediately cut off, and many of his cousins started sniggering in the background.
"How would you know we aren't from this time?"
"I know, the redhead in the middle, she reminds me of someone," Remus replied.
"If anything, this just means I need to pull some awesome pranks before I go!"
"If you would let him finish, Tonks we would know who else shares your first name!"
"It's not like I ask anyone to watch me snog my boyfriend!"
"My parents are your aunt and uncle as well!"
"No can do Albie boy, I think it's better if they call us first."
"No," Mad-Eye snapped back, "Answering questions is just giving them opportunities to lie."
"Oh Harry, great question, my boy.
"Oh Teddy, always tripping!"
"Oh, of course, sand equals finding children, good, though I missed something," Harry said with extreme sarcasm.
"Quite the hello," he said, "thought you would have had enough from this morning."
"So" Harry cleared his throat, "So, I have three children in the future?"
"Sorry, Ron, your right!"
"We told them," Harry said to the two newcomers, "We thought they should know since their kids are missing along with ours."
"Yeah, Bill, what exactly goes on during those lessons?"
"You're right, that is a little strange, why is Fred named Fred?"
A/N: Hey guys, this one's pretty long, 4,500 words, don't know if all of them are going to be this long.
Al knocked his brother's hands away and shook his head at his antics.
Albus quickly jumped in, "Yeah, yeah, Au- Hermione's right!
Albus turned to look at his companions who had followed him up the stairs.
And to answer questions about the time paradox of the next-gen telling the past about their lives, you'll have to sit tight and see how they resolve the issue in the coming chapters.
Aunt Hermione did the same and followed her husband into the kitchen after hugging Al and kissed his cheek.
Bit of a jump back in time but back to 2019, if that makes sense.
Everyone in the room looked at James with absolute shock as he had just summarized his parents' marriage.
Everyone's heads turned to Harry and the male Weasley's that were near him back up a couple inches, which in turn made Sirius laugh harder, "Chill guys, he clearly had children with a woman, I think you're safe."
Freddie asked innocently.
Freddie cursed under his breath and Louis flopped back against the bed he was on.
Freddie finished with a bow.
George said in mock shock, a hand placed over his heart at the dramatic reveal.
Ginny's arm snaked around Harry's waist and pecked him on the cheek before turning her attention to her family, awaiting an answer to her previously asked question.
Ginny, who was never one to turn down a kiss from her husband, kissed him back before pulling back and staring at him straight on and said in a stern voice, "You better tell me what your hiding right now Harry Potter or Merlin help me, you'll be sleeping on the couch!"
Harry looked comically scared at the idea of sleeping on the couch and took a deep breath, "Well Gin, it's quite complicated," Ginny merely raised an eyebrow again, "Okay, okay, um, wethinkthekidsbrokeatimeturnerandtraveledintime."
Harry pondered for a moment and cane you with no reasonable answers except that they had broken through the wards.
Harry shook himself out of his shocked look and smoothly lifted himself off the floor and walked to his wife before wrapping his arms around her waist, "Gin," He said and gave her a peck on the lips to which Ron cringed, even after her sister and best mate being married for twenty or so years.
Harry's mind swirled with confusing thoughts, "Well, how's that possible?!"
He brushed himself off and turned to look at Albus, "Hey Al," he turned again towards Rose.
He had been drenched head to toe with green goo then with water all just to be set right with a drying charm.
He had never seen the Point Me spell to cause his wand to spin, it worried him, where were, Jamie, Al, and Lily?
He looked at what she was examining and found golden sand littered the ground around Hermione's hands.
He then turned towards Dumbledore and met his blue eyes.
He turned from the kitchen and raced back into the main hall to be the newcomers.
Hermione reached James' room to find the door open and the room itself empty, thinking that Ginny and Harry must've gone downstairs she turned only to run straight into her husband's chest.
Hermione told her husband.
His mother asked, her threatening demeanour fading.
His mother turned her head the cause, and she was murmuring to the person, most probably his father.
Hugo had brown hair and blue eyes and was rather lanky.
I look forward to getting to know you all and learning all your secrets to exploit them to your older selves back in the future."
I'm fifteen and like Freddie said, going into my fifth year at Hogwarts."
I'm going to work on writing a lot more, so hopefully, updates will be more frequent!
I've been on a writing spree lately :) Please Review!
In response, Angelina crossed her arms but conceded anyway.
James ended his rant sinking into the chair in front of him.
James grabbed the 'time turner' and hid it behind his back.
James, Albus and Lily looked a little uneasy.
Lily Luna Potter told her brother with a deathly stare.
Lily, Rose, and Lucy spun around on the spot and heads from the pile snapped in attention.
Louis asked a concentrated looking James.
Louis said loud enough for the twins to stop talking and the attention to turn towards him.
Mad-Eye nearly screeched at Tonks.
Mad-Eye's deformed face contorted into a sort of smile and pointed his wand at the blue guy, "You, blue hair, you'll take the Veritaserum."
Not a single word, understood?"
Please Review :) Chapter Five August 11th 1995, 1:21 PM "JAMES SIRIUS POTTER!"
Remus ranted, "I'm too old, too poor, too dangerous.
Ron asked, confused in the same whisper.
Rose appeared not to have heard him as she had her nose buried in her book.
She asked her Uncle George with sarcasm, crossing her arms in emphasis.
She gave Teddy a big smile, and there were some 'awe's around the room.
She was a tough cookie, and she hated to show weakness.
Sirius said and started laughing all over again.
Tears were pouring down her face, but she quickly wiped them, "Come on, Ron, let's go check Harry's office for any information that might help get them back."
They could go back to a time where Voldemort was still alive!
They had a staring match where Rose's eys kept narrowing towards George.
Today she would be, thirty-eight.
Uncle George and Aunt Angelina picked themselves up and came face to face with the snogging teenagers who had migrated to the couch, Scorpius on top of Rose.
We don't know what it is or does!"
