", he prayed before he stopped in front of her.
"Does he have a girldfriend?
"Oh Merlin, please don't let my mind sit out!
Although he had had his own apartment for over a year, his mum had insisted that he return to the burrow so that he could fully recover from the curses.
As Ron approached her, a whiff of his aftershave blew over to her.
But she still thought it was rather sweet how he looked at her with this lopsided grin on his face.
But sometimes she could be really scary.
But you're old enough and you'll know what you're doing.
Didn't you get the order to stay in bed?
Ginny: Well, I think I was wrong!
Go ahead… Hermione: I just wanted to administer some potions to Mr. Weasley….
Harry just nodded and went outside as fast as he could to get Hermione back.
Harry took a chair and sat down with Ron.
Harry's already done his best.
He blinked again and slowly became conscious.
He couldn't explain it and after several days in St. Mungos he returned to the burrow, the home where he'd grown up.
He just couldn't get back to sleep anymore because he brooded all the time why he dreamed of this woman since his stay at 's.
He knew that the whole thing would be infinitely embarrassing to Ron especially if the words really came out of his mouth unintentionally.
He looked at her and tried to stay as normal as possible.
He looked at the young witch again and noticed that her shirt was also wet and that her skin shimmered through the fabric.
He stared at the ceiling and thought about Ginny's words.
He stole away for a moment, went to the loo and ran past the bar on his way back.
He took fresh clothes out of his closet and went to the bathroom.
He'll be fine soon, and I promise he'll be the same.
He's probably still delirious… he would never do a thing like that, would he!?
Healer Johnson smiled friendly and left the room.
Healer Johnson: Mhh… Mr. Weasley got a doubled dose of the potion.
Hermione : Oh nobody… okay.. Quite an idiot actually.. Parvati : Oh I see… So it's a man we're talkin' about!
Hermione : Oh, not for that, really.
Hermione : Thank you… Ron: You're welcome!
Hermione : This is absolutely insane… They both walked to their room, dropped their bags to the ground and lay down on their beds.
Hermione blushed at the memory and cleared her throat.
Hermione took some notes with her quill, which she always carried with her and mere seconds later, the man named Ronald began to move.
Hermione: How are you doing?
Hermione: Mrs. Weasley, you can go for a short walk.
Hermione: That's not possible!
Hey there, thank you so much for the first reviews :-) It's nice to read some comments about our story!
His smile is incredibly sexy", she thought and smiled.
I mean, what else is magic for?
I still have some work to do.
I was afraid you'd run away.
I'm going crazy up there and I needed a change of scenery.
I'm sorry, just go without me.
In St Mungo's he had been very brash and quite an idiot.
Molly (indignantly): RON!
Molly smiled lovingly at her and Hermione smiled back slightly.
My back will thank me for a little exercise.
Neville: Hey guys, glad you made it!
On the hospital floor, he met the head healer Johnson.
Over the next few days, Ron gradually recovered but he couldn't remember the incident with the young, pretty woman.
Parvati : Nope, just me… How did you come up with Weasley?
Parvati embraced Ron, who looked a little clumsy.
Parvati: Hermione, this is Ronald Weasley, but you already knew this I think!
Parvati: I once knew a boy named Weasley.. Hermione suddenly stopped so Parvati almost ran into her.
Parvati: Oh Merlin… Ron?!
Ron Yeah… So I'll go back to my friends then.
Ron buried his face in his hands.
Ron got up and made his way into the orchard.
Ron rubbed his neck again and had a lopsided grin on his face.
Ron was only thinking about Hermione and he didn't know what to do, let alone what to say.
Ron was used to Luna's open, direct manner and knew there was nothing to hide from her.
Ron: Ginny… I don't know if this is such a good idea.. .
Ron: Oh eh.. Yeah I'm fine… Thanks for askin'!
Ron: You work a lot, don't you?
She smiled as he went to the bar to refill the glasses.
She was slim and she had chocolate brown eyes.
She watched him expectantly.
Should I fetch something for you?
So she went into the healer's room, gave a brief report of Ron's treatment and said goodbye to everyone.
So… Have a nice evening..
Sweet as he was, she thought asking questions like that was pretty brash.
The woman from his dreams!
Then she looked back at Ron.
Then you'll have the chance to make it all up.
We can also take this as an opportunity to apologize for his brash behavior and explain everything to her.
We know our style of writing seems a bit odd in the beginning, because it's written like a play but we hope you get used to it!
What the hell is wrong with you?
When Parvati touched Hermione's arm, she startled and squeaked loudly.
When he pointed his wand at Hermione's blouse, she bit her lower lip and tried to control her thoughts.
With these words Ginny disappeared into the kitchen and Ron stayed behind with Harry in the dining room.
You seem a little depressed.
You're at St. Mungos and I'm Hermione Granger, your healer, Mr. Weasley!
