As Russell and Dinger now work for quite a bit of cash I may eventually find myself in their shoes working for the same man as an editor.
Usually I would just hash out some one liner that I thought was funny, or a quick description of something I thought was funny.
But the next day I found myself in my car bright and early, traveling about the city looking for employment.
Some of you already know, but here's the official notice:  I'VE  MOVED!!!
"He didn't take shit from nobody" I guess is the phrase commonly used to describe people like Brian, but it is true about him.
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, the unstated purpose of this war is determined by capitalist interests which lead to the police state which has come to pass.
Though I will try to stop the strange and short posts, I  do feel the urge to continue one tradition that I adopted later in my endeavor.
This suggests that the American state, with its unelected president, venal Supreme Court, silent Congress, gutted Bill of Rights and compliant media  brings forth  the predatory imperialist aims outlined by the crypto-fascist Project for a New American Century.
Take for example the Simpsons vs Cosby.
I do know he liked to talk, about himself mostly and his experiences at work.
Upon first meeting him he made it clear that he was a man about town.
Even though I have long left CFDC by the side of the road I would never have thought that they would deprive any future (and equally confused) youths the choice of leaving the good elements out out of Coca-Cola%99.
The first thing I feel about writing about is me seeing Will Oldham and Bonnie 'Prince' Billy in Denton, TX.
I will do it, and do it well.
But as luck would have it I my position shifted and I was in the large sunless back room where swearing and problem solving was always present.
Perhaps for the first time since the late 1940s, the influence of Leo Strauss is solid evidence of the theocrat Ashcroft's suspension of our civil rights.
They had 3 restaurants, two giant rooms, a high stakes room but no tables.
Whenever I die, and with God's permission, I will come back and haunt my best friend who beats himself up for being lazy while I went off to die.
Now there has a been a documentary that has received great press on the same subject, in fact the project was offered to the very many who directed that documentary.
Anywho, he by chance calls up the company where my girlfriend works and just happened to get ahold of her.
