Idris was well content with this resolve of mine.
All obeyed the Lord Protector of dying England; all looked up to him.
But it is true that I am a wretch.
We the besiegers were in the comparison little affected by these evils.
Thus you may console me by reducing me to nothing but your words I cannot bear; soon they will make me mad, quite mad, and then I shall utter strange words, and you will believe them, and we shall be both lost for ever.
Raymond sat among them, though while he entered into the spirit of the hour, his natural dignity never forsook him.
We descended from Parnassus, emerging from its many folds, and passed through Livadia on our road to Attica.
He owned affinity not only with mankind, but all nature was akin to him; the mountains and sky were his friends; the winds of heaven and the offspring of earth his playmates; while he the focus only of this mighty mirror, felt his life mingle with the universe of existence.
As time passed away I became more calm; misery had her dwelling in my heart, but I no longer talked in the same incoherent manner of my own crimes; sufficient for me was the consciousness of them.
Shall man be the enemy of man, while plague, the foe to all, even now is above us, triumphing in our butchery, more cruel than her own?
I conjectured, therefore, that he found on the paper signs for speech which he understood, and I ardently longed to comprehend these also; but how was that possible when I did not even understand the sounds for which they stood as signs?
It was not joy only that possessed me; I felt my flesh tingle with excess of sensitiveness, and my pulse beat rapidly.
For this was it a glorious, for this was it an honourable undertaking.
No; he quitted the house before four this morning.
The ballots had been thrown; they were all black, and Justine was condemned.
You may remember that a history of all the voyages made for purposes of discovery composed the whole of our good Uncle Thomas' library.
Tidings of an armed and regular opposition recalled them to a sort of order.
When my dearest aunt died every one was too much occupied in their own grief to notice poor Justine, who had attended her during her illness with the most anxious affection.
Yet, even then, I have checked thick coming fears with one thought; I would not fear death, for the emotions that linked us must be immortal.
Raymond continued, I will not act a part with you, dear girl, or appear other than what I am, weak and unworthy, more fit to excite your disdain than your love.
Raymond was weak and exhausted, yet the interest he perceived to be excited on his account, filled him with proud pleasure.
M. Krempe was a little squat man with a gruff voice and a repulsive countenance; the teacher, therefore, did not prepossess me in favour of his pursuits.
England, late birth place of excellence and school of the wise, thy children are gone, thy glory faded Thou, England, wert the triumph of man Small favour was shewn thee by thy Creator, thou Isle of the North; a ragged canvas naturally, painted by man with alien colours; but the hues he gave are faded, never more to be renewed.
Death, cruel and relentless, had entered these beloved walls.
The natural clinging of the human mind to life and joy was in its full energy in her young heart; she gave herself impetuously up to the enchantment: they were married; and in their radiant features I saw incarnate, for the last time, the spirit of love, of rapturous sympathy, which once had been the life of the world.
I am glad now to feel the current of thought flow through my mind, as the blood through the articulations of my frame; mere existence is pleasure; and I thank God that I live And all ye happy nurslings of mother earth, do ye not echo my words?
Assuredly he had not conned his lesson; and at first he hesitated, pausing in his ideas, and in the choice of his expressions.
He hurried in, and witnessed the termination of my impassioned harangue.
Let him take them back; without his love they are nothing to me.
What I ask of you is reasonable and moderate; I demand a creature of another sex, but as hideous as myself; the gratification is small, but it is all that I can receive, and it shall content me.
I lighted the dry branch of a tree and danced with fury around the devoted cottage, my eyes still fixed on the western horizon, the edge of which the moon nearly touched.
I replied in the same language, with a feeble voice, I believe I am; but if it be all true, if indeed I did not dream, I am sorry that I am still alive to feel this misery and horror.
I tried to soothe her; I bade her hope; I asked what tremendous consequences would ensue even on our failure.
To you alone do I dare speak; I have heard you commended by impartial spectators; you are my brother's friends, therefore you must be mine.
Oh No mortal could support the horror of that countenance.
His accent of bitter scorn thrilled me Do not tempt me to speak, he continued, my words would scare you in an universe of cowards I dare think among the church yard tombs among the victims of His merciless tyranny I dare reproach the Supreme Evil.
But she has confessed.
Have you, then, some other attachment? None on earth.
Hence there is less distinction between the several classes of its inhabitants; and the lower orders, being neither so poor nor so despised, their manners are more refined and moral.
The mounting flames had curled round the building, as it fell, and was destroyed.
I do not say that if his own desires had been put in competition with those of others that he would have displayed undue selfishness, but this trial was never made.
Love had come, as the rod of the master prophet, to swallow up every minor propensity.
There was neither jealousy, inquietude, or mistrust in his sentiment; it was devotion and faith.
I knelt on the grass and kissed the earth and with quivering lips exclaimed, By the sacred earth on which I kneel, by the shades that wander near me, by the deep and eternal grief that I feel, I swear; and by thee, O Night, and the spirits that preside over thee, to pursue the daemon who caused this misery, until he or I shall perish in mortal conflict.
Like a refreshing shower on an arid soil they revived me, and although I still kept their cause secret he led me to pour forth my bitter complaints and to clothe my woe in words of gall and fire.
Sometimes, with my sails set, I was carried by the wind; and sometimes, after rowing into the middle of the lake, I left the boat to pursue its own course and gave way to my own miserable reflections.
My feelings are profound, but I possessed a coolness of judgment that fitted me for illustrious achievements.
My future hopes and prospects are entirely bound up in the expectation of our union.
My travels were long and the sufferings I endured intense.
The present season was indeed divine; the flowers of spring bloomed in the hedges, while those of summer were already in bud.
In the south, the disease, virulent and immedicable, had nearly annihilated the race of man; storm and inundation, poisonous winds and blights, filled up the measure of suffering.
Yes, I am happy, most happy, that I can weep thus for imaginary sorrows, and that the slight loss of my adored country is not dwindled and annihilated in mightier misery.
To some among the poor this was matter of exultation.
The world is vast, and England, though her many fields and wide spread woods seem interminable, is but a small part of her.
Perdita, even where she loved, was reserved and timid; Idris was frank and confiding.
Will you accompany me?
Windsor is not my home; my true home I have found; the home that the Creator has prepared for me.
He was, as one the peculiar delight of the Gods, railed and fenced in by his own divinity, so that nought but love and admiration could approach him.
It rang on my ears long and heavily; the mountains re echoed it, and I felt as if all hell surrounded me with mockery and laughter.
Almost spent, as I was, by fatigue and the dreadful suspense I endured for several hours, this sudden certainty of life rushed like a flood of warm joy to my heart, and tears gushed from my eyes.
I could not see her thus lost, without exerting myself to remedy the evil remediless I knew, if I could not in the end bring her to reconcile herself to Raymond.
Henry deeply felt the misfortune of being debarred from a liberal education.
During my absence I should leave my friends unconscious of the existence of their enemy and unprotected from his attacks, exasperated as he might be by my departure.
If we traversed a mountain, Greece, a living map, was spread beneath, her renowned pinnacles cleaving the ether; her rivers threading in silver line the fertile land.
The sun rose; I heard the voices of men and knew that it was impossible to return to my retreat during that day.
I felt as if I were recreated and had about me all the freshness and life of a new being: I was, as it were, transported since his arrival from a narrow spot of earth into a universe boundless to the imagination and the understanding.
This spirit existed as a breath, a wish, a far off thought, until communicated to Adrian, who imbibed it with ardour, and instantly engaged himself in plans for its execution.
Away with those blood stained arms, and hasten some of you to bind up these wounds.
There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection.
We passed St. Paul's.
I saw how the fine form of man was degraded and wasted; I beheld the corruption of death succeed to the blooming cheek of life; I saw how the worm inherited the wonders of the eye and brain.
As he spoke, I felt subject to him; and all my boasted pride and strength were subdued by the honeyed accents of this blue eyed boy.
He often thanked us for the books we lent him, and for the use of our instruments, but never spoke of his altered abode or change of circumstances.
His astronomical theories absorbed him; calculations were scrawled with coal on the bare walls of his garret: a hard earned guinea, or an article of dress, was exchanged for a book without remorse; he neither heard his children cry, nor observed his companion's emaciated form, and the excess of calamity was merely to him as the occurrence of a cloudy night, when he would have given his right hand to observe a celestial phenomenon.
Some years ago, when the images which this world affords first opened upon me, when I felt the cheering warmth of summer and heard the rustling of the leaves and the warbling of the birds, and these were all to me, I should have wept to die; now it is my only consolation.
We accordingly lay to, hoping that some change would take place in the atmosphere and weather.
I found Raymond and Perdita together.
The pretty Miss Mansfield has already received the congratulatory visits on her approaching marriage with a young Englishman, John Melbourne, Esq.
A man would make but a very sorry chemist if he attended to that department of human knowledge alone.
He passed his younger days perpetually occupied by the affairs of his country; a variety of circumstances had prevented his marrying early, nor was it until the decline of life that he became a husband and the father of a family.
I took my passage in the same ship, but he escaped, I know not how.
Oh, do not listen to him, I cried, he speaks false false to himself, I was interrupted: and, silence being restored, we were ordered, as was the custom, to retire during the decision of the house.
But to convince you that selfish feeling does not entirely engross me I shall remain in this town untill you have made by letter every arrangement that you judge necessary.
Raymond had evidently vacillated during his journey, and irresolution was marked in every gesture as we entered Perdita's cottage.
I took it; it was a portrait of a most lovely woman.
The season was May, the weather stormless; we were promised a prosperous voyage.
She was nearly fifteen years older than he, and was the offspring of a former marriage of his father.
Soon we heard their disorderly clamour, the barbarian shouts, the untimed step of thousands coming on in disarray.
When I left them they had tormented me but it was in the same way as pain and sickness may torment; somthing extraneous to the mind that galled it, and that I wished to cast aside.
She lived to find ambition, as unreal a delusion as love.
I discovered also another means through which I was enabled to assist their labours.
Were they the same waters of love, which, lately cold and cutting as ice, repelling as that, now loosened from their frozen chains, flowed through the regions of her soul in gushing and grateful exuberance?
Many living deaths have I borne for thee, O Raymond, and now I expire, thy victim By my death I purchase thee lo the instruments of war, fire, the plague are my servitors.
As the sun became warmer and the light of day longer, the snow vanished, and I beheld the bare trees and the black earth.
She knew that Raymond had conversed with her; had he instigated this request?
I was possessed by a maddening rage when I thought of him, and desired and ardently prayed that I might have him within my grasp to wreak a great and signal revenge on his cursed head.
It was painful to appear to drag her from the last scene that spoke of her lost one; but to linger here was vain, and my very soul was sick with its yearning to rejoin my Idris and her babes.
I stay here; force only can remove me.
My life might have been passed in ease and luxury, but I preferred glory to every enticement that wealth placed in my path.
The events that in succession followed his return to England, gave me keener feelings.
He was one of those very few whom fortune favours from their birth; on whom she bestows all gifts of intellect and person with a profusion that knew no bounds, and whom under her peculiar protection, no imperfection however slight, or disappointment however transitory has leave to touch.
I felt as if I had committed some great crime, the consciousness of which haunted me.
We entered London in the evening, and went to our several abodes near Hyde Park.
The old man had, in the meantime, been pensive, but on the appearance of his companions he assumed a more cheerful air, and they sat down to eat.
We are neither cowards nor fatalists; but, believing that God has placed the means for our preservation in our own hands, we will use those means to our utmost.
Little alteration, except the growth of our dear children, has taken place since you left us.
Joy and exultation, were mine, to possess, and to save her.
I was oppressed by fatigue and hunger and far too unhappy to enjoy the gentle breezes of evening or the prospect of the sun setting behind the stupendous mountains of Jura.
The rain had ceased; there was no more thunder and lightning; the wind had paused.
They clung with eagerness to the hope held out that he might yet be alive.
I intend to be a warrior, a conqueror; Napoleon's name shall vail to mine; and enthusiasts, instead of visiting his rocky grave, and exalting the merits of the fallen, shall adore my majesty, and magnify my illustrious achievements.
And yet I fear it; even as I fear all things; for in any state of being linked by the chain of memory with this, happiness would not return even in Paradise, I must feel that your love was less enduring than the mortal beatings of my fragile heart, every pulse of which knells audibly, The funeral note Of love, deep buried, without resurrection.
The light curling waves bore us onward, and old ocean smiled at the freight of love and hope committed to his charge; it stroked gently its tempestuous plains, and the path was smoothed for us.
Such had been Ryland's plan, and he was discovered dead and half devoured by insects, in a house many miles from any other, with piles of food laid up in useless superfluity.
The very danger drew them closer.
Be happy, my dear Victor, replied Elizabeth; there is, I hope, nothing to distress you; and be assured that if a lively joy is not painted in my face, my heart is contented.
It was as I said, the nineteenth of October; the autumn was far advanced and dreary.
She was delighted to see us; caressed our children, praised their growth and improvement; Clara also was pleased to meet again her young friend Alfred; all kinds of childish games were entered into, in which Perdita joined.
We arrived at the town of in a little more than half an hour.
For a moment only did I lose recollection; I fell senseless on the ground.
He is safe said Idris, as he leapt on shore, and waved the bough over his head in token of success; we will wait for him here.
The same peculiarities of character rendered her sorrows agonies; her fancy magnified them, her sensibility made her for ever open to their renewed impression; love envenomed the heart piercing sting.
Often all sounds were suspended, that we might listen to the nightingale, while the fire flies danced in bright measure, and the soft cooing of the aziolo spoke of fair weather to the travellers.
From this time Felix was more employed, and the heart moving indications of impending famine disappeared.
We had agreed to descend the Rhine in a boat from Strasbourg to Rotterdam, whence we might take shipping for London.
He was conspicuous for his conduct and choice of position in a battle fought in the plains of Thrace, on the banks of the Hebrus, which was to decide the fate of Islam.
The God sends down his angry plagues from high, Famine and pestilence in heaps they die.
With fonder regret than ever, he clung to his memory; and gave it in charge to his son, if ever he should meet this valued friend, in his name to bestow every succour, and to assure him that, to the last, his attachment survived separation and silence.
In the heart of one like me there are secret thoughts working, and secret tortures which you ought not to seek to discover.
The men disdainfully repelled the idea of having deserted the defence of their city; and one, the youngest among them, in answer to the taunt of a sailor, exclaimed, Take it, Christian dogs take the palaces, the gardens, the mosques, the abode of our fathers take plague with them; pestilence is the enemy we fly; if she be your friend, hug her to your bosoms.
My answer to these questions must needs appear to you unsatisfactory, yet they have sufficed to lead me on, day after day, enduring every wretchedness, rather than by such means to seek relief.
The castle walls, and long familiar trees, did not hear the parting sound of our carriage wheels with regret.
As my authorship increased, I acquired new sympathies and pleasures.
Her health, and even the tranquillity of her hitherto constant spirit, had been shaken by what she had gone through.
How they would, each and all, abhor me and hunt me from the world did they know my unhallowed acts and the crimes which had their source in me My father yielded at length to my desire to avoid society and strove by various arguments to banish my despair.
I have learnt in Greece that one man, more or less, is of small import, while human bodies remain to fill up the thinned ranks of the soldiery; and that the identity of an individual may be overlooked, so that the muster roll contain its full numbers.
You may easily believe, said he, how great was the difficulty to persuade my father that all necessary knowledge was not comprised in the noble art of book keeping; and, indeed, I believe I left him incredulous to the last, for his constant answer to my unwearied entreaties was the same as that of the Dutch schoolmaster in The Vicar of Wakefield: 'I have ten thousand florins a year without Greek, I eat heartily without Greek.'
I shall not pause in my exertions until that time; but, if plague revives with the coming year, all contest with her must cease, and our only occupation be the choice of a grave.
Shall we, in these desart halls, under this wintry sky, sit with closed eyes and folded hands, expecting death?
He entered the churches, and foretold to the congregations their speedy removal to the vaults below.
We could make out little by the dim light, but they seemed to contain prophecies, detailed relations of events but lately passed; names, now well known, but of modern date; and often exclamations of exultation or woe, of victory or defeat, were traced on their thin scant pages.
The neighbouring minister was engaged to give me lessons in reading, writing and french, but he was without family and his manners even to me were always perfectly characteristic of the profession in the exercise of whose functions he chiefly shone, that of a schoolmaster.
In the midst of poverty and want, Felix carried with pleasure to his sister the first little white flower that peeped out from beneath the snowy ground.
But my chief delights were the sight of the flowers, the birds, and all the gay apparel of summer; when those deserted me, I turned with more attention towards the cottagers.
This indeed was the plague.
She attended the markets she insisted upon being supplied with food for those who were too poor to purchase it.
It is impossible for you to see the real designer; your instructions must pass through me.
When my father returned from Milan, he found playing with me in the hall of our villa a child fairer than pictured cherub a creature who seemed to shed radiance from her looks and whose form and motions were lighter than the chamois of the hills.
He raised his eyes from the ground, but still turning them away from me, said: Besought by that plea I will answer your rash question.
But since the murderer has been discovered  The murderer discovered Good God how can that be? who could attempt to pursue him?
There was evidently something behind all this; yet, when he appeared about to speak of that which was nearest his heart, he would abruptly turn away, and with a sigh endeavour to deliver the painful idea to the winds.
I was a poor, helpless, miserable wretch; I knew, and could distinguish, nothing; but feeling pain invade me on all sides, I sat down and wept.
Food, however, became scarce, and I often spent the whole day searching in vain for a few acorns to assuage the pangs of hunger.
He began at last to shew signs of angry impatience, and Perdita became aware that the system she had adopted could not continue; she must explain herself to him; she could not summon courage to speak she wrote thus: Read this letter with patience, I entreat you.
And what is that? If I do make it my choice, then you shall know; at present I dare not speak, even think of it.
Elizabeth saw even this last resource, her excellent dispositions and irreproachable conduct, about to fail the accused, when, although violently agitated, she desired permission to address the court.
Master yourself, Raymond, and the world is subject to you. All this would be very good sense, if addressed to another, replied Raymond, moodily, con the lesson yourself, and you, the first peer of the land, may become its sovereign.
I looked on the regal towers of Windsor.
In another fortnight I was able to leave my chamber.
The ground on which the battle was fought, was a level plain so level, that from the tumuli you saw the waving line of mountains on the wide stretched horizon; yet the intervening space was unvaried by the least irregularity, save such undulations as resembled the waves of the sea.
Then I would hasten to my desk, weave the new found web of mind in firm texture and brilliant colours, leaving the fashioning of the material to a calmer moment.
I was rich and young, and had a guardian appointed for me; and all about me would act as if I were one of their great society, while I must keep the secret that I really was cut off from them for ever.
Come, I see that you are already persuaded, and will second me when I propose him to night in parliament.
The plague I am told is in Constantinople, perhaps I have imbibed its effluvia perhaps disease is the real cause of my prognostications.
I am glad Woodville is not with me for perhaps he would grieve, and I desire to see smiles alone during the last scene of my life; when I last wrote to him I told him of my ill health but not of its mortal tendency, lest he should conceive it to be his duty to come to me for I fear lest the tears of friendship should destroy the blessed calm of my mind.
I had arrived from a weary wandering of sixteen years, during which, although I had gone through many dangers and misfortunes, my affections had been an entire blank.
The idea was terrible to my half crazed imagination, and almost over turned the little self possession that still remained to me.
The loving heart, obliged to contract its view, bestowed its overflow of affection in triple portion on the few that remained.
You need not wonder that I freely discover Adrian's abode.
The plague at Athens had been preceded and caused by the contagion from the East; and the scene of havoc and death continued to be acted there, on a scale of fearful magnitude.
The day is ours, he cried, the Turks fly from the bayonet.
These reflections made our legislators pause, before they could decide on the laws to be put in force.
My passionate and indignant appeals were lost upon them.
He pointed out to me the shifting colours of the landscape and the appearances of the sky.
Circumstances had called me to London; here I heard talk that symptoms of the plague had occurred in hospitals of that city.
Oh, it is not thus not thus, interrupted the being.
All this has a different effect upon Raymond.
I must go, Lionel the Gods will it; and I must.
See you not the thunderbolt fall, and are deafened by the shout of heaven that follows its descent?
But I paused when I reflected on the story that I had to tell.
I inquired the way to the inn, but no one replied.
I continued: This poor wretch is deserted, dying, succourless; in these unhappy times, God knows how soon any or all of us may be in like want.
On earth I thought that I had well fulfilled my trial my last moments became peaceful with the reflection that I deserved no blame but you take from me that feeling My passions were there my all to me and the hopeless misery that possessed me shut all love all images of beauty from my soul Nature was to me as the blackest night if rays of loveliness ever strayed into my darkness it was only to draw bitter tears of hopeless anguish from my eyes Oh on earth what consolation is there to misery?
As this terrible conviction came upon him me? it melted my soul to tenderness and love I gazed on him as to take my last farewell he lay insensible his eyes closed as and? his cheeks deathly pale.
Pardon me, it said, for the uneasiness I have unavoidably given you: but while in that unhappy island, where every thing breathes her spirit whom I have lost for ever, a spell held me.
He became the darling hero of this rising people.
My dear father, you are mistaken; Justine is innocent.
I confess that neither the structure of languages, nor the code of governments, nor the politics of various states possessed attractions for me.
The king, who was a man of excellent dispositions, but easily led, had now become a willing disciple of his imperious consort.
But Paradise Lost excited different and far deeper emotions.
Do not talk of reflection; from this moment I abjure it; this is my only happy moment during a long interval of time.
They ascend into the heavens; they have discovered how the blood circulates, and the nature of the air we breathe.
Upon this text many fanatics arose, who prophesied that the end of time was come.
Now each life was a gem, each human breathing form of far, O far more worth than subtlest imagery of sculptured stone; and the daily, nay, hourly decrease visible in our numbers, visited the heart with sickening misery.
I was a poor, uneducated, unbefriended, mountain girl, raised from nothingness by him.
After the scene sketched in the preceding pages, Perdita had contemplated an entire change in the manners and conduct of Raymond.
Among better natures, anguish and dread, the fear of eternal separation, and the awful wonder produced by unprecedented calamity, drew closer the ties of kindred and friendship.
Remember that cleanliness, sobriety, and even good humour and benevolence, are our best medicines.
A vain concession; his demeanour quickly betrayed his secret to the quick eyes of the ex queen.
At that moment I heard the steps of my younger protectors.
She also might turn with disgust from him to the superior beauty of man; she might quit him, and he be again alone, exasperated by the fresh provocation of being deserted by one of his own species.
The plague was forgotten, in this new fear which the black sun had spread; and, though the dead multiplied, and the streets of Ispahan, of Pekin, and of Delhi were strewed with pestilence struck corpses, men passed on, gazing on the ominous sky, regardless of the death beneath their feet.
Shriek, ye clarions ye loud trumpets, howl Pile dirge on dirge; rouse the funereal chords; let the air ring with dire wailing; let wild discord rush on the wings of the wind Already I hear it, while guardian angels, attendant on humanity, their task achieved, hasten away, and their departure is announced by melancholy strains; faces all unseemly with weeping, forced open my lids; faster and faster many groups of these woe begone countenances thronged around, exhibiting every variety of wretchedness well known faces mingled with the distorted creations of fancy.
The appetite for admiration and small capacity for self controul which I inherited from my father, nursed by adversity, made me daring and reckless.
I left a guard to protect this treasure of dust; and ordered perpetual torches to be burned around.
Safie resolved to remain with her father until the moment of his departure, before which time the Turk renewed his promise that she should be united to his deliverer; and Felix remained with them in expectation of that event; and in the meantime he enjoyed the society of the Arabian, who exhibited towards him the simplest and tenderest affection.
Every day added to his difficulties; the arrival of fresh vessels with emigrants, the total cessation of commerce, the starving multitude that thronged around the palace of the Protectorate, were circumstances not to be tampered with.
With a beating heart she expected another visit, and when after an interval her chamber was again invaded, having first assured herself that the intruders were her mother and an attendant, she composed herself to feigned sleep.
My privacy invaded, my actions censured, my friends insulted?
You will find a happy, cheerful home and friends who love you dearly.
Farewell, my only living friend; you are the sole tie that binds me to existence, and now I break it.
Sights of woe now became familiar to me, and were I to tell all of anguish and pain that I witnessed, of the despairing moans of age, and the more terrible smiles of infancy in the bosom of horror, my reader, his limbs quivering and his hair on end, would wonder how I did not, seized with sudden frenzy, dash myself from some precipice, and so close my eyes for ever on the sad end of the world.
Let us not for a moment forget our object and our hope; and they will form a resistless mound to stop the overflowing of our regret for trifles.
I receded to solitude; I had recourse to my books, and my desire again to enjoy the society of Adrian became a burning thirst.
Besides, Perdita was with him in his retirement; she saw the moodiness that succeeded to this forced hilarity; she marked his disturbed sleep, his painful irritability once she had seen his tears hers had scarce ceased to flow, since she had beheld the big drops which disappointed pride had caused to gather in his eye, but which pride was unable to dispel.
Resentment added also a sting to my censure; and I reprobated Raymond's conduct in severe terms.
The immediate peril urged them to seize the immediate opportunity; wildly and passionately they sought to know what delights existence afforded, before they yielded to death, and Snatching their pleasures with rough strife Thorough the iron gates of life, they defied the conquering pestilence to destroy what had been, or to erase even from their death bed thoughts the sentiment of happiness which had been theirs.
From the top of the mound, I looked far round all was silent and deserted.
The evil was so wide spreading, so violent and immedicable, that no care, no prevention could be judged superfluous, which even added a chance to our escape.
While life was strong within me I thought indeed that there was a sacred horror in my tale that rendered it unfit for utterance, and now about to die I pollute its mystic terrors.
Yet I fear that the same feelings now exist that made you so miserable a year ago, even perhaps augmented by time.
We cannot calculate on his forces like that of an engine; and, though an impulse draw with a forty horse power at what appears willing to yield to one, yet in contempt of calculation the movement is not effected.
Adrian took pity on my faltering mien: Come with me, he said, I have much to say to you; come home with me you know who I am? Yes, I exclaimed, I do believe that I now know you, and that you will pardon my mistakes my crime.
Such hope as theirs, we also may entertain Old fable tells us, that this gentle spirit sprung from the box of Pandora, else crammed with evils; but these were unseen and null, while all admired the inspiriting loveliness of young Hope; each man's heart became her home; she was enthroned sovereign of our lives, here and here after; she was deified and worshipped, declared incorruptible and everlasting.
There is no fruition in their vacant kindness, and sharp rocks lurk beneath the smiling ripples of these shallow waters.
At length it was mentioned in the newspapers.
What, if circumstance should lead Perdita to suspect, and suspecting to be resolved?
The mountains of Switzerland are more majestic and strange, but there is a charm in the banks of this divine river that I never before saw equalled.
I might heap high the scale with logic, courage, and resignation but let one fear for Idris and our children enter the opposite one, and, over weighed, it kicked the beam.
I had rather be with you, he said, in your solitary rambles, than with these Scotch people, whom I do not know; hasten, then, my dear friend, to return, that I may again feel myself somewhat at home, which I cannot do in your absence.
He had promised to spend some hours with me one afternoon but a violent and continual rain prevented him.
He was conveyed home, and the anguish that was visible in my countenance betrayed the secret to Elizabeth.
I feared also that it might be some one who had seen me before: I might be recognized, my impostures discovered and I dragged back to a life of worse torture than that I had before endured.
Having parted from my friend, I determined to visit some remote spot of Scotland and finish my work in solitude.
She had not confided in me; I could not demand an explanation from Raymond without the hazard of betraying what was perhaps her most treasured secret.
The little bark to which I had beckoned had now pulled up; before I could stop her, Perdita, assisted by the sailors was in it Clara followed her mother a loud shout echoed from the crowd as we pulled out of the inner harbour; while my sister at the prow, had caught hold of one of the men who was using a glass, asking a thousand questions, careless of the spray that broke over her, deaf, sightless to all, except the little speck that, just visible on the top of the waves, evidently neared.
The floor was a little raised, so that it was kept perfectly dry, and by its vicinity to the chimney of the cottage it was tolerably warm.
Woe befall the day, she thought, woe, tears, and mourning betide the hour, that gave Raymond another hope than love, another wish than my devotion; and thrice joyful the moment when he shall be restored to me God knows, I put my trust in his vows, and believe his asserted faith but for that, I would not seek what I am now resolved to attain.
At the beginning of winter our Alfred, now nine years of age, first went to school at Eton.
Men who before this change seemed to have been hid in caves dispersed themselves and were employed in various arts of cultivation.
'Where do these friends reside?' 'Near this spot.'
There he lies, white and cold in death.
Six years have passed since I resolved on my present undertaking.
On hearing this information I suffered a temporary access of despair.
Grecian maidens will in devotion strew flowers on his tomb, and make the air around it resonant with patriotic hymns, in which his name will find high record.
Your heart I fear, replied Diotima, was broken by your sufferings but if you had struggled if when you found all hope of earthly happiness wither within you while desire of it scorched your soul if you had near you a friend to have raised you to the contemplation of beauty the search of knowledge you would have found perhaps not new hopes spring within you but a new life distinct from that of passion by which you had before existed relate to me what this misery was that thus engroses you tell me what were the vicissitudes of feeling that you endured on earth after death our actions worldly interest fade as nothing before us but the traces of our feelings exist the memories of those are what furnish us here with eternal subject of meditation.
I grasped his hand, and in a moment forgot my horror and misfortune; I felt suddenly, and for the first time during many months, calm and serene joy.
I was like the Arabian who had been buried with the dead and found a passage to life, aided only by one glimmering and seemingly ineffectual light.
It is a foolish sentiment for one who is not a materialist, yet, methinks, even in that dark cell, I may feel that my inanimate dust mingles with yours, and thus have a companion in decay.
Beloved and venerable parent He still remained to me.
My fate has been governed by necessity, a hideous necessity.
With the advance of summer, and the increase of the distemper, rents were unpaid, and their remittances failed them.
A strange star, my Lionel, ruled our birth; sadly and with dismay we may look upon the annihilation of man; but we remain for each other.
Again there is a sound as of a human voice, but hoarser; it comes from the cabin where the remains of Frankenstein still lie.
She tried to reason with him, and finding him inflexible, learned to hate him.
A thousand times would I have shed my own blood, drop by drop, to have saved their lives; but I could not, my father, indeed I could not sacrifice the whole human race.
A letter came unawares, Perdita read it.
But her wish was of course to be complied with; and I entreated her to prepare without delay for our departure.
Happy, happy earth Fit habitation for gods, which, so short a time before, was bleak, damp, and unwholesome.
Miserable himself that he may render no other wretched, he ought to die.
The aspect of the country had so far changed, that it had been impossible to enter on the task of sowing seed, and other autumnal labours.
And my brother? Is on deck, Madam.
This action of Adrian provoked me.
When he had in some measure recovered, I removed him to my own cabin and attended on him as much as my duty would permit.
Each people looked on the coming struggle as that which would be to a great degree decisive; as, in case of victory, the next step would be the siege of Constantinople by the Greeks.
I attended the lectures and cultivated the acquaintance of the men of science of the university, and I found even in M. Krempe a great deal of sound sense and real information, combined, it is true, with a repulsive physiognomy and manners, but not on that account the less valuable.
They seldom addressed each other, shunning explanation, each fearing any communication the other might make.
Age and care had furrowed her cheeks, and bent her form; but her eye was still bright, her manners authoritative and unchanged; she received her daughter coldly, but displayed more feeling as she folded her grand children in her arms.
William is dead that sweet child, whose smiles delighted and warmed my heart, who was so gentle, yet so gay Victor, he is murdered I will not attempt to console you; but will simply relate the circumstances of the transaction.
I sought the little bed of my darling; he was oppressed by fever; but I trusted, I fondly and fearfully trusted, that there were no symptoms of the plague.
I abhorred the face of man.
It was about seven in the morning, and I longed to obtain food and shelter; at length I perceived a small hut, on a rising ground, which had doubtless been built for the convenience of some shepherd.
We put in movement every impulse of policy and money to redeem him from their hands.
His stud of beautiful horses, his arms of costly workmanship, the praise that attended him, the adoration, ready servitor, high place and high esteem, I considered them as forcibly wrenched from me, and envied them all with novel and tormenting bitterness.
They kept better watch; I was taken, and sent to prison.
Many changes also now occurred in these spontaneous regal elections: depositions and abdications were frequent, while, in the place of the old and prudent, the ardent youth would step forward, eager for action, regardless of danger.
There she would behold the tomb of her parents, and the territory filled with recollections of her father's glory.
I was aware also that I should often lose all self command, all capacity of hiding the harrowing sensations that would possess me during the progress of my unearthly occupation.
During my father's life, she had been made familiar with the name of royalty and the courtly circle; but such things, ill according with her personal experience, appeared, after the loss of him who gave substance and reality to them, vague and fantastical.
Trade was stopped by the failure of the interchange of cargoes usual between us, and America, India, Egypt and Greece.
It is midnight; the breeze blows fairly, and the watch on deck scarcely stir.
Who could arrest a creature capable of scaling the overhanging sides of Mont Saleve?
The country in the neighbourhood of this village resembled, to a greater degree, the scenery of Switzerland; but everything is on a lower scale, and the green hills want the crown of distant white Alps which always attend on the piny mountains of my native country.
Everything was made to yield to her wishes and her convenience.
I hovered for ever around the walls of its Castle, beneath its enshadowing thickets; my sole companions were my books and my loving thoughts.
A light railing surrounded the garden of the cottage, which, low roofed, seemed to submit to the majesty of nature, and cower amidst the venerable remains of forgotten time.
Did the sun shine on any, who could enjoy its light with purer and more intense bliss?
Abhorred monster Fiend that thou art The tortures of hell are too mild a vengeance for thy crimes.
And if these were my sensations, who can describe those of Henry?
On the morning of the third day he informed me that he had determined to go to Yorkshire first alone, and that I should follow him in a fortnight unless I heard any thing from him in the mean time that should contradict this command.
You hate me, but your abhorrence cannot equal that with which I regard myself.
He has obtained his prize, and he pilots his boat through the flood; our eyes were fixed on him fearfully, but the stream carried him away from us; he was forced to land far lower down, and to make a considerable circuit before he could join us.
The order I had received, was to make an observation of the direction which a detachment of the enemy might have taken, from a northern tumulus; the whole Turkish army, followed by the Greek, had poured eastward; none but the dead remained in the direction of my side.
The air resounded with their shouts; their picturesque costume, and the gay colours of which it was composed, flaunted in the sunshine; their eager gestures and rapid utterance accorded with their wild appearance.
Is not this a free country? Ay, sir, free enough for honest folks.
It had been a favourite resort of Adrian; it was secluded; and he often said that in boyhood, his happiest hours were spent here; having escaped the stately bondage of his mother, he sat on the rough hewn steps that led to the spring, now reading a favourite book, now musing, with speculation beyond his years, on the still unravelled skein of morals or metaphysics.
Sometimes she observed the war of elements, thinking that they also declared against her, and listened to the pattering of the rain in gloomy despair.
This was the key of my design.
Unwonted silence reigned in the house, the members spoke in whispers, and the ordinary business was transacted with celerity and quietness.
With the quick sensibility peculiar to his temperament, he perceived his power in the brilliant circle to be on the wane.
The balloon rose about half a mile from the earth, and with a favourable wind it hurried through the air, its feathered vans cleaving the unopposing atmosphere.
It was between six and seven o'clock, a fine summer afternoon, and I spent my leisure hours in a ramble through the empty streets of London; now turning to avoid an approaching funeral, now urged by curiosity to observe the state of a particular spot; my wanderings were instinct with pain, for silence and desertion characterized every place I visited, and the few beings I met were so pale and woe begone, so marked with care and depressed by fear, that weary of encountering only signs of misery, I began to retread my steps towards home.
I forgot the distance between us: I will go with thee, Raymond I cried; but, my eye removed from the glass, I could scarce discern the pigmy forms of the crowd, which about a mile from me surrounded the gate; the form of Raymond was lost.
How in poor assemblage of words convey the halo of glory that surrounded her, the thousand graces that waited unwearied on her.
The light of that conflagration will fade away; my ashes will be swept into the sea by the winds.
I fulfilled my commission; I saw Karazza.
Where could we turn, and not find a desolation pregnant with the dire lesson of example?
I was punctual to the appointed hour on the following day, and found Lord Raymond waiting for me.
The woman asked her what she did there, but she looked very strangely and only returned a confused and unintelligible answer.
I gave to each heroine of whom I read, her beauty and matchless excellences such was Antigone, when she guided the blind Oedipus to the grove of the Eumenides, and discharged the funeral rites of Polynices; such was Miranda in the unvisited cave of Prospero; such Haidee, on the sands of the Ionian island.
Attentively perusing this animated volume, I was the less surprised at the tale I read on the new turned page.
You dream that you can restore him?
It was now deep winter; it had snowed, and was still snowing; the wind whistled in the leafless trees, despoiling them of the white flakes as they fell; its drear moaning, and the continued knocking, mingled wildly with my dreams at length I was wide awake; hastily dressing myself, I hurried to discover the cause of this disturbance, and to open my door to the unexpected visitor.
On the second night after my release, I was again taken by the gamekeepers again imprisoned, and again released; and again, such was my pertinacity, did the fourth night find me in the forbidden park.
As soon as the health of Raymond was sufficiently re established, he prepared to join the Grecian camp, hear Kishan, a town of some importance, situated to the east of the Hebrus; in which Perdita and Clara were to remain until the event of the expected battle.
My soul is a fading spark, my nature frail as a spent wave; but I dedicate all of intellect and strength that remains to me, to that one work, and take upon me the task, as far as I am able, of bestowing blessings on my fellow men His voice trembled, his eyes were cast up, his hands clasped, and his fragile person was bent, as it were, with excess of emotion.
I left London in a small vessel bound for a port in the north of England.
I thank you, he replied, for your sympathy, but it is useless; my fate is nearly fulfilled.
I am not like one of these; they influenced millions: but if I can influence but a hundred, but ten, but one solitary individual, so as in any way to lead him from ill to good, that will be a joy to repay me for all my sufferings, though they were a million times multiplied; and that hope will support me to bear them.
I lay on the ground, and giving the reins to my thoughts, repassed in my mind my former life; and began, fold by fold, to unwind the many errors of my heart, and to discover how brutish, savage, and worthless I had hitherto been.
The massy portals of the churches swung creaking on their hinges; and some few lay dead on the pavement.
My work is nearly complete.
Our talk was on subjects, unconnected with the emotions that evidently occupied each; but we each divined the other's thought, and as our voices spoke of indifferent matters, our eyes, in mute language, told a thousand things no tongue could have uttered.
Why should he lose this, now that added years, prudence, and the pledge which his marriage gave to his country, ought to encrease, rather than diminish his claims to confidence?
The stranger has gradually improved in health but is very silent and appears uneasy when anyone except myself enters his cabin.
Do not be long away I assured her of my impatience to return, and then, with a small escort rode along the plain towards the tower of Marmora.
Thus, while Perdita was entertaining her guests, and anxiously awaiting the arrival of her lord, his ring was brought her; and she was told that a poor woman had a note to deliver to her from its wearer.
Justine also was a girl of merit and possessed qualities which promised to render her life happy; now all was to be obliterated in an ignominious grave, and I the cause A thousand times rather would I have confessed myself guilty of the crime ascribed to Justine, but I was absent when it was committed, and such a declaration would have been considered as the ravings of a madman and would not have exculpated her who suffered through me.
Spirits of Good, behold the tears of my earnest prayer Bless my child Protect her from the selfish among her fellow creatures: protect her from the agonies of passion, and the despair of disappointment Peace, Hope and Love be thy guardians, oh, thou soul of my soul: thou in whom I breathe I dare not read my letter over for I have no time to write another, and yet I fear that some expressions in it might displease me.
Her servant, however, remained with her.
I stood ready to receive and reply to his reproaches.
Good God He is gone But tell how this was; speak quick Her relation was short.
The contents of these papers were important.
Still I would not hurry on; I would pause for ever on the recollections of these happy weeks; I would repeat every word, and how many do I remember, record every enchantment of the faery habitation.
The fields had been left uncultivated, weeds and gaudy flowers sprung up, or where a few wheat fields shewed signs of the living hopes of the husbandman, the work had been left halfway, the ploughman had died beside the plough; the horses had deserted the furrow, and no seedsman had approached the dead; the cattle unattended wandered over the fields and through the lanes; the tame inhabitants of the poultry yard, baulked of their daily food, had become wild young lambs were dropt in flower gardens, and the cow stalled in the hall of pleasure.
Then I wandered from the fancies of others and formed affections and intimacies with the aerial creations of my own brain but still clinging to reality I gave a name to these conceptions and nursed them in the hope of realization.
I had already been out many hours and felt the torment of a burning thirst, a prelude to my other sufferings.
The sun's rays were refracted from the pavement and buildings the stoppage of the public fountains the bad quality of the food, and scarcity even of that, produced a state of suffering, which was aggravated by the scourge of disease; while the garrison arrogated every superfluity to themselves, adding by waste and riot to the necessary evils of the time.
I am thy creature, and I will be even mild and docile to my natural lord and king if thou wilt also perform thy part, the which thou owest me.
At first I wished to hurry on, for I longed to console and sympathise with my loved and sorrowing friends; but when I drew near my native town, I slackened my progress.
Let us go even where you will; the love that accompanies us will prevent our regrets.
I felt this delay very bitterly; for I longed to see my native town and my beloved friends.
His wild and enthusiastic imagination was chastened by the sensibility of his heart.
The strange and romantic scheme of her mother, might confirm and perpetuate the painful view of life, which had intruded itself thus early on her contemplation.
I leaned against a tree to observe them.
She and my father had been playmates from infancy: Diana, even in her childhood had been a favourite with his mother; this partiality encreased with the years of this beautiful and lively girl and thus during his school college vacations they were perpetually together.
Shall I, in cool blood, set loose upon the earth a daemon whose delight is in death and wretchedness?
But that could not be.
The air is empoisoned, and each human being inhales death, even while in youth and health, their hopes are in the flower.
The windows of the room had before been darkened, and I felt a kind of panic on seeing the pale yellow light of the moon illuminate the chamber.
I would not disturb you at this period, when so many misfortunes weigh upon you, but a conversation that I had with my uncle previous to his departure renders some explanation necessary before we meet.
You purpose to kill me.
The ruins of majestic oaks which had grown, flourished, and decayed during the progress of centuries, marked where the limits of the forest once reached, while the shattered palings and neglected underwood shewed that this part was deserted for the younger plantations, which owed their birth to the beginning of the nineteenth century, and now stood in the pride of maturity.
The battle was sanguinary, the loss of the Turks apparently irreparable; the Greeks, in losing one man, forgot the nameless crowd strewed upon the bloody field, and they ceased to value themselves on a victory, which cost them Raymond.
The passage, which at first scarcely admitted us, quickly grew narrower and lower; we were almost bent double; yet still we persisted in making our way through it.
Suddenly the broad disk of the moon arose and shone full upon his ghastly and distorted shape as he fled with more than mortal speed.
The meal was quickly dispatched.
I was answered through the stillness of night by a loud and fiendish laugh.
Medical aid was less easily procured, food was more difficult to obtain, and human beings, unwithheld by shame, for they were unbeheld of their fellows, ventured on deeds of greater wickedness, or gave way more readily to their abject fears.
We found, on each side of the humid pathway, dry land for the sole of the foot.
They were grass grown and desert.
Perdita, shut up in herself, spoke little.
He was found stiff, his hands clenched, and pressed against his breast.
While the brother and sister were still hesitating in what manner they could best attempt to bring their mother over to their party, she, suspecting our meetings, taxed her children with them; taxed her fair daughter with deceit, and an unbecoming attachment for one whose only merit was being the son of the profligate favourite of her imprudent father; and who was doubtless as worthless as he from whom he boasted his descent.
The excitement which had hitherto sustained me was lost; as a building, whose props are loosened, and whose foundations rock, totters and falls, so when enthusiasm and hope deserted me, did my strength fail.
It is not pestilence by the God that lives it is not either plague or impending danger that makes us, like birds in harvest time, terrified by a scarecrow, abstain from the ready prey it is base superstition And thus the aim of the valiant is made the shuttlecock of fools; the worthy ambition of the high souled, the plaything of these tamed hares But yet Stamboul shall be ours By my past labours, by torture and imprisonment suffered for them, by my victories, by my sword, I swear by my hopes of fame, by my former deserts now awaiting their reward, I deeply vow, with these hands to plant the cross on yonder mosque Dearest Raymond interrupted Perdita, in a supplicating accent.
Then the mark of misery would have faded from my brow, and I should raise my eyes fearlessly to meet his, which ever beamed with the soft lustre of innocent love.
This morning, as I sat watching the wan countenance of my friend his eyes half closed and his limbs hanging listlessly I was roused by half a dozen of the sailors, who demanded admission into the cabin.
Our dainty fare was often exchanged for blows and imprisonment.
If misfortune come against us we must fight with her; we must cast her aside, and still go on to find out that which it is our nature to desire.
Ten thousand thanks to Henry for his kindness, his affection, and his many letters; we are sincerely grateful.
He was somewhat surprised; he would see, he said, what could be done; but it required time; and Raymond had ordered me to return by noon.
I had vowed to my own heart never to shadow her countenance even with transient grief, and should I prove recreant at the hour of greatest need?
For a long time he was obstinate.
We were set down at St. Bartholomew's, and entered the wretched precincts of the house of disease.
Such acts were not wanting to adorn the grim train that waited on the progress of the plague.
A murmur of surprise and horror ran through the assembly.
I am glad that I have seen the changes of his day; to behold the sun, fountain of light, and the gentle pilgrim moon; to have seen the fire bearing flowers of the sky, and the flowery stars of earth; to have witnessed the sowing and the harvest.
When such a thought was heedlessly uttered, the hearers, with a gush of tears and passionate sobs, bore witness how deep their fears were, how small their hopes.
It was here that Charles I. had collected his forces.
We talked of change and active pursuits, but still remained at Windsor, incapable of violating the charm that attached us to our secluded life.
I pressed it to my lips, while the rough soldiers gathered around, mourning over this worthiest prey of death, as if regret and endless lamentation could re illumine the extinguished spark, or call to its shattered prison house of flesh the liberated spirit.
His property was confiscated; his child became an orphan and a beggar.
Hope, and your wounds will be already half healed: but if you obstinately despair, there never more will be comfort for you.
My tenderness and affection must soothe you; the society of Raymond's friends will be of more solace than these dreary speculations.
Chapter I sat one evening in my laboratory; the sun had set, and the moon was just rising from the sea; I had not sufficient light for my employment, and I remained idle, in a pause of consideration of whether I should leave my labour for the night or hasten its conclusion by an unremitting attention to it.
Why my sic does my heart heave with vain endeavour to cast aside the bitter anguish that covers it as the waters cover the sea.
I bent over her and placed the portrait securely in one of the folds of her dress.
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.
Recieve then the grateful farewell of a fleeting shadow who is about to disappear, who joyfully leaves thee, yet with a last look of affectionate thankfulness.
Raymond would follow soon, she said; he had been detained by business.
The entrance of Macbeth did not destroy the illusion, for he was actuated by the same feelings that inspired us, and while the work of magic proceeded we sympathized in his wonder and his daring, and gave ourselves up with our whole souls to the influence of scenic delusion.
Never was she so enchanting as at this time, when she recalled the sunshine of her smiles and spent them upon us.
The young girl was occupied in arranging the cottage; but presently she took something out of a drawer, which employed her hands, and she sat down beside the old man, who, taking up an instrument, began to play and to produce sounds sweeter than the voice of the thrush or the nightingale.
For the first time the feelings of revenge and hatred filled my bosom, and I did not strive to control them, but allowing myself to be borne away by the stream, I bent my mind towards injury and death.
A flash of lightning illuminated the object, and discovered its shape plainly to me; its gigantic stature, and the deformity of its aspect more hideous than belongs to humanity, instantly informed me that it was the wretch, the filthy daemon, to whom I had given life.
He therefore accepted for her, and persuaded her to accede to, a proposal of marriage, from a wealthy Greek merchant settled at Constantinople.
When they parted for the night, the Countess said, To morrow I trust your tone will be changed: be composed; I have agitated you; go to rest; and I will send you a medicine I always take when unduly restless it will give you a quiet night.
Chapter I now hasten to the more moving part of my story.
But neither this assurance, nor the speedy convalescence of our child could restore her, even to the portion of peace she before enjoyed.
Go, Devoted One, and return thus This is my curse, a daughter's curse: go, and return pure to thy child, who will never love aught but thee.
Deeds of heroism also occurred, whose very mention swells the heart and brings tears into the eyes.
Raymond, stopping mid way in his wild career, paused suddenly to think of consequences.
To drag hour after hour, to see the trees wave their branches restlessly, to feel the air, to suffer in all I feel keenest agony.
Shall I respect man when he condemns me?
I was partly urged by curiosity, and compassion confirmed my resolution.
But soon I endeavoured to extract patience for her from the ideas she suggested.
Day after day so many hundreds wore on; they brought no outward changes with them, but some few slowly operated on my mind as I glided on towards death.
The presence of a friend in its armies and councils made us enter into the details with enthusiasm; and a short letter now and then from Raymond told us how he was engrossed by the interests of his adopted country.
The woods around afforded us shade, the river secured to us a constant supply of water; nay, detachments were employed in furnishing the army with ice, which had been laid up on Haemus, and Athos, and the mountains of Macedonia, while cooling fruits and wholesome food renovated the strength of the labourers, and made us bear with less impatience the weight of the unrefreshing air.
I communed in this manner with myself, but I was silent to all around me.
I greedily devoured the remnants of the shepherd's breakfast, which consisted of bread, cheese, milk, and wine; the latter, however, I did not like.
I was more agile than they and could subsist upon coarser diet; I bore the extremes of heat and cold with less injury to my frame; my stature far exceeded theirs.
Shall I not then hate them who abhor me?
You may give up your purpose, but mine is assigned to me by heaven, and I dare not.
That season was now gone; and winter had set in with sudden and unusual severity.
How can I see so noble a creature destroyed by misery without feeling the most poignant grief?
It was a lady on horseback, accompanied by a country man as a guide.
There was a curious feeling of unreality attached by him to his foreign life in comparison with the years of his youth.
Am I for ever, he cried, to be the sport of fortune Must man, the heaven climber, be for ever the victim of the crawling reptiles of his species Were I as you, Lionel, looking forward to many years of life, to a succession of love enlightened days, to refined enjoyments and fresh springing hopes, I might yield, and breaking my General's staff, seek repose in the glades of Windsor.
I have wandered here many days; the caves of ice, which I only do not fear, are a dwelling to me, and the only one which man does not grudge.
Yet I fear such will be my fate; the men, unsupported by ideas of glory and honour, can never willingly continue to endure their present hardships.
These thoughts exhilarated me and led me to apply with fresh ardour to the acquiring the art of language.
Immense glaciers approached the road; I heard the rumbling thunder of the falling avalanche and marked the smoke of its passage.
The last beams of the nearly sunken sun shot up from behind the far summit of Mount Athos; the sea of Marmora still glittered beneath its rays, while the Asiatic coast beyond was half hid in a haze of low cloud.
And why should I describe a sorrow which all have felt, and must feel?
And the remembrance fills your heart sometimes with bitter despair when otherwise your feelings would have melted into soft sorrow.
It was apparent that my conversation had interested the father in my behalf, and I was a fool in having exposed my person to the horror of his children.
Yet this is not it I do not intend to entrap you with questions one will suffice am I completely a wretch?
His wisdom guided all.
I remained, while the storm lasted, watching its progress with curiosity and delight.
Ay, ay, continued he, observing my face expressive of suffering, M.
Mocking her own desires, she rallied her guests on their early departure.
I no longer despair, but look on all around me with placid affection.
With shuddering horror I veiled this monument of human passion and human misery; I heaped over her all of flags and heavy accoutrements I could find, to guard her from birds and beasts of prey, until I could bestow on her a fitting grave.
Not one of her relations, for they lay glaring on her with stony eyes.
Their still apparent union permitted her to do much; but no woman could, in the end, present a remedy to the encreasing negligence of the Protector; who, as if seized with a paroxysm of insanity, trampled on all ceremony, all order, all duty, and gave himself up to license.
We are all unhappy; but will not that be an additional motive for you, my son, to return and be our comforter?
Alas it was double cruelty in him to have chosen the sea for his fatal resolve; it was adding madness to my despair.
I believe that without the slightest tinge of a bad heart she had the coldest that ever filled a human breast: it was totally incapable of any affection.
The labour of winding among the little paths of the mountain and fixing my feet firmly as I advanced perplexed me, occupied as I was by the emotions which the occurrences of the day had produced.
Soon after this he inquired if I thought that the breaking up of the ice had destroyed the other sledge.
To part with what is a part of myself; without whom I have no memory and no futurity?
Do not you desert me in the hour of trial' 'Great God' exclaimed the old man.
At length lassitude succeeded to the tumult I had before endured, and I threw myself on the bed in my clothes, endeavouring to seek a few moments of forgetfulness.
I did not dare return to the apartment which I inhabited, but felt impelled to hurry on, although drenched by the rain which poured from a black and comfortless sky.
About five in the morning I discovered my lovely boy, whom the night before I had seen blooming and active in health, stretched on the grass livid and motionless; the print of the murder's finger was on his neck.
I spoke without much heed, and the very conclusion of what I said brought with it other thoughts.
The spirit of elder days found a dwelling here, and we delighted to trace its footsteps.
The time when in proud and happy security we assembled at this cottage, was gone soon the present hours would join those past, and shadows of future ones rose dark and menacing from the womb of time, their cradle and their bier.
On the whole island there were but three miserable huts, and one of these was vacant when I arrived.
When they found themselves discovered they discharged their muskets, and some came to the front to cover the others, whose crews, exerting all their strength, endeavoured to escape with their light barks from among the dark hulls that environed them.
Families, bred in opulence and luxury, were reduced to beggary.
We watched the rapid progress of the traveller with our telescopes until he was lost among the distant inequalities of the ice.
It is not pity that you feel; you lament only because the victim of your malignity is withdrawn from your power.
Of old navies used to stem the giant ocean waves betwixt Indus and the Pole for slight articles of luxury.
A diplomatist: one among the pleasure seeking society of a gay city; a youth of promise; favourite of the Ambassador.
I do not know, said the man, what the custom of the English may be, but it is the custom of the Irish to hate villains.
But there was no remedy.
You have often agreed with me that there is but one solution to the intricate riddle of life; to improve ourselves, and contribute to the happiness of others: and now, in the very prime of life, you desert your principles, and shut yourself up in useless solitude.
Should I return to the Castle, to my wife and children, with this taint upon me?
He seemed insensible to the presence of any one else, but if, as a trial to awaken his sensibility, my aunt brought me into the room he would instantly rush out with every symptom of fury and distraction.
About this time we retired to our house at Belrive.
By the time that she had with uneasy thoughts laid her fair cheek upon her pillow, her mother's servant brought a draught; a suspicion again crossed her at this novel proceeding, sufficiently alarming to determine her not to take the potion; but dislike of contention, and a wish to discover whether there was any just foundation for her conjectures, made her, she said, almost instinctively, and in contradiction to her usual frankness, pretend to swallow the medicine.
Then came the tale of hair breadth escapes, combats with dogs, ambush and flight, as gipsey like we encompassed our pot.
At day break I hastened to the woods; the hours past on while I indulged in wild dreams that gave wings to the slothful steps of time, and beguiled my eager impatience.
All these circumstances were now related to Adrian and Idris.
Many men may scoff at his dread; but he read the future; and the peace of Perdita was too dear to him, her speechless agony too certain, and too fearful, not to unman him.
Oh God help me Let him be alive It is all dark; in my abject misery I demand no more: no hope, no good: only passion, and guilt, and horror; but alive Alive My sensations choked me No tears fell yet I sobbed, and breathed short and hard; one only thought possessed me, and I could only utter one word, that half screaming was perpetually on my lips; Alive Alive I had taken the steward with me for he, much better than I, could make the requisite enquiries the poor old man could not restrain his tears as he saw my deep distress and knew the cause he sometimes uttered a few broken words of consolation: in moments like these the mistress and servant become in a manner equals and when I saw his old dim eyes wet with sympathizing tears; his gray hair thinly scattered on an age wrinkled brow I thought oh if my father were as he is decrepid hoary then I should be spared this pain When I had arrived at the nearest town I took post horses and followed the road my father had taken.
Here, then, I retreated and lay down happy to have found a shelter, however miserable, from the inclemency of the season, and still more from the barbarity of man.
I was rough as the elements, and unlearned as the animals I tended.
I pointed to the spot where he had disappeared, and we followed the track with boats; nets were cast, but in vain.
I paused to collect myself and then entered the chamber.
This whole winter, instead of being spent in study, as you promised yourself, has been consumed in my sick room.
He easily eluded me and said, Be calm I entreat you to hear me before you give vent to your hatred on my devoted head.
I told him of the business of the evening, and a smile relaxed the contracted muscles.
She felt, that, once awakened, Raymond would never return unrepining to Windsor.
Raymond had joined in the former part of the discussion.
Or so my fond fancy imaged some accident might meanwhile occur to destroy him and put an end to my slavery forever.
The night passed away, and the sun rose from the ocean; my feelings became calmer, if it may be called calmness when the violence of rage sinks into the depths of despair.
The wind, prince of air, raged through his kingdom, lashing the sea into fury, and subduing the rebel earth into some sort of obedience.
I see by your eagerness and the wonder and hope which your eyes express, my friend, that you expect to be informed of the secret with which I am acquainted; that cannot be; listen patiently until the end of my story, and you will easily perceive why I am reserved upon that subject.
I was harassed and ill, resolved not to give up my post, yet doubting in what way I should assert it; when Adrian called me, and clasping my hand, bade me not leave him.
He was no longer bent to the ground, like an over nursed flower of spring, that, shooting up beyond its strength, is weighed down even by its own coronal of blossoms.
His protectorate was to be distinguished by every kind of innovation on the aristocracy.
Yet I dreaded to witness the anguish which my resolve might excite in Idris.
It is impossible; one might as well try to overtake the winds, or confine a mountain stream with a straw.
Then we were as gay as summer insects, playful as children; we ever met one another with smiles, and read content and joy in each other's countenances.
Return; dearest one, you promised me this boon, that I should bring you health.
Raymond questioned him; but his reserved answers soon made him turn from the man to the drawing.
Obeying these impulses, he had become the husband of Perdita: egged on by them, he found himself the lover of Evadne.
Elizabeth, my love, you must supply my place to my younger children.
Monster as I am, you are still, as you ever were, lovely, beautiful beyond expression.
But these gave place to a heavy swell; I felt sick and hardly able to hold the rudder, when suddenly I saw a line of high land towards the south.
When she again lived, it was only to weep and sigh.
In person, he hardly appeared of this world; his slight frame was overinformed by the soul that dwelt within; he was all mind; Man but a rush against his breast, and it would have conquered his strength; but the might of his smile would have tamed an hungry lion, or caused a legion of armed men to lay their weapons at his feet.
He would come triumphantly to the district to which my parent had fled broken hearted; he would find the ill fated offspring, bequeathed with such vain confidence to his royal father, miserable paupers.
Chapter Clerval then put the following letter into my hands.
Depart to your home and commence your labours; I shall watch their progress with unutterable anxiety; and fear not but that when you are ready I shall appear.
The father of the fair Juliet separated them; but not until the young lover had promised to remain absent only till he had rendered himself worthy of her, and she had vowed to preserve her virgin heart, his treasure, till he returned to claim and possess it.
When I leave this place do not expect to hear from me: I must break all ties that at present exist.
God made him to have dominion over the works of his hands, and put all things under his feet.
Soon, alas was one to conquer.
He became an adventurer in the Greek wars.
His voice expressed the deepest compassion: Thou most unaccountable being, I cried, whither will thy actions tend, in all this maze of purpose in which thou seemest lost? Whither indeed?
Bitter task was it, to behold his spirit waver between death and life: to see his warm cheek, and know that the very fire which burned too fiercely there, was consuming the vital fuel; to hear his moaning voice, which might never again articulate words of love and wisdom; to witness the ineffectual motions of his limbs, soon to be wrapt in their mortal shroud.
Some from among the family of man must survive, and these should be among the survivors; that should be my task to accomplish it my own life were a small sacrifice.
She fell, however, into good hands.
It moved every feeling of wonder and awe that the picture of an omnipotent God warring with his creatures was capable of exciting.
I shall become a wanderer, a miserable outcast alone alone In another part of the letter he mentioned me As for that unhappy little being whom I could not see, and hardly dare mention, I leave her under your protection.
What wonder then, in time of siege, want, extreme heat, and drought, that it should make unaccustomed ravages?
These were dreadful fears and they even haunted my dreams.
My attention at this time was solely directed towards my plan of introducing myself into the cottage of my protectors.
I am already far north of London, and as I walk in the streets of Petersburgh, I feel a cold northern breeze play upon my cheeks, which braces my nerves and fills me with delight.
Alas I had turned loose into the world a depraved wretch, whose delight was in carnage and misery; had he not murdered my brother?
Regiment after regiment advanced, their colours flying and bands playing.
He foresaw that he should leave this cheerful earth, the lightsome sky, and thy love, Perdita; yet he neither hesitated or turned back, going right onward to his mark of fame.
The creaking of the masts, the clang of the wheels, the tramp above, all persuaded her that she was already far from the shores of Greece.
You raise me from the dust by this kindness; and I trust that, by your aid, I shall not be driven from the society and sympathy of your fellow creatures.'
We returned again, with torches; for I could not rest, when I thought that my sweet boy had lost himself, and was exposed to all the damps and dews of night; Elizabeth also suffered extreme anguish.
I have powers; my countrymen think well of them.
Every day some new scene occured and displayed in him a mind working as it were with an unknown horror that now he could master but which at times threatened to overturn his reason, and to throw the bright seat of his intelligence into a perpetual chaos.
Methinks his spirit remains here as well as that dust, which, uncommunicable though it be, is more precious in its nothingness than aught else widowed earth clasps to her sorrowing bosom.
Once a writing of his fell into Perdita's hands; it was blotted with tears well might any blot it with the like Life it began thus is not the thing romance writers describe it; going through the measures of a dance, and after various evolutions arriving at a conclusion, when the dancers may sit down and repose.
But I did not believe my errors to be irretrievable, and after much consideration I resolved to return to the cottage, seek the old man, and by my representations win him to my party.
Under the influence of these melancholy thoughts, she became more than ever in love with sorrow.
Must he tax the landed interest to assist our commercial population?
I leaned against the casement, and watched those two glorious creatures, till they disappeared in the forest glades; and then I turned.
His soul was sympathy, and dedicated to the worship of beauty and excellence.
I took it up and placed it in my breast.
Her dark hair was braided and twined in thick knots like the head dress of a Grecian statue; her garb was mean, but her attitude might have been selected as a model of grace.
But winter was coming, and with winter, hope.
The death of many of our inmates had weaned us from the fond idea, that Windsor Castle was a spot sacred from the plague; but our lease of life was renewed for some months, and even Idris lifted her head, as a lily after a storm, when a last sunbeam tinges its silver cup.
About two o'clock the mist cleared away, and we beheld, stretched out in every direction, vast and irregular plains of ice, which seemed to have no end.
We cut branches of the funereal trees and placed them over him, and on these again his sword.
Verney, said he, my first act when I become King of England, will be to unite with the Greeks, take Constantinople, and subdue all Asia.
You are sorrowful, my love.
I was sought after therefore with less care than would otherwise have been the case; and soon all trace and memory of me was lost.
I had no horses she wrung her hands.
Adrian despised the narrow views of the politician, and Raymond held in supreme contempt the benevolent visions of the philanthropist.
I listened to Raymond with intense interest.
She was there, lifeless and inanimate, thrown across the bed, her head hanging down and her pale and distorted features half covered by her hair.
One of his servants, while waiting on him, had suddenly fallen down dead.
I endeavoured to change my course but quickly found that if I again made the attempt the boat would be instantly filled with water.
Still Adrian was unable to guess the truth; he entreated them to visit us at Windsor, and they promised to come during the following month.
Not far from my cottage was a small cluster of pines the only trees to be seen for many miles: I had a path cut through the furze from my door to this little wood, from whose topmost branches the birds saluted the rising sun and awoke me to my daily meditation.
He looked upon me, however, with some degree of severity, and then, turning towards my conductors, he asked who appeared as witnesses on this occasion.
Perdita presented her to Raymond; her first words were: Beloved, embrace our child Come hither, sweet one, said her father, do you not know me? she knew his voice, and cast herself in his arms with half bashful but uncontrollable emotion.
Anguish and despair had penetrated into the core of my heart; I bore a hell within me which nothing could extinguish.
Is this your promised zeal? Pardon me, I said, but even as you speak, I am gone.
Yet why do I say this?
She heard that we were bound for Greece, that she would see her father, and now, for the first time, she prattled of him to her mother.
When my father had arrived the storm had already begun, but he had refused to stop and leaving his horse there he walked on towards the sea.
While I was directing that the necessary care should be taken of her, Clara came in; she was trembling and pale; and, when I anxiously asked her the cause of her agitation, she threw herself into my arms weeping and exclaiming Uncle, dearest uncle, do not hate me for ever I must tell you, for you must know, that Evelyn, poor little Evelyn her voice was choked by sobs.
Evelyn, a laughing cherub, a gamesome infant, without idea of pain or sorrow, would, shaking back his light curls from his eyes, make the halls re echo with his merriment, and in a thousand artless ways attract our attention to his play.
He entered while we were speaking.
I gradually saw plainly the clear stream that supplied me with drink and the trees that shaded me with their foliage.
The knowledge that I am here, rises with me in the morning, and enables me to endure the light; it is mingled with my food, which else were poison; it walks, it sleeps with me, for ever it accompanies me.
Felix conducted the fugitives through France to Lyons and across Mont Cenis to Leghorn, where the merchant had decided to wait a favourable opportunity of passing into some part of the Turkish dominions.
All this I endeavoured to veil, so that it might least impress my Idris; yet, as I have said, my courage survived even despair: I might be vanquished, but I would not yield.
There were periods, dreadful ones, during which I despaired doubted the existence of all duty the reality of crime but I shudder, and turn from the rememberance.
Farewell, Frankenstein If thou wert yet alive and yet cherished a desire of revenge against me, it would be better satiated in my life than in my destruction.
He spoke with outstretched hand and winning voice, and then turning to our invaders, with a severe brow, he commanded them to lay down their arms: Do you think, he said, that because we are wasted by plague, you can overcome us; the plague is also among you, and when ye are vanquished by famine and disease, the ghosts of those you have murdered will arise to bid you not hope in death.
For some time I sat upon the rock that overlooks the sea of ice.
The cold is not excessive, if you are wrapped in furs a dress which I have already adopted, for there is a great difference between walking the deck and remaining seated motionless for hours, when no exercise prevents the blood from actually freezing in your veins.
I lifted her into the chaise; I assured her that with our four horses we should arrive in London before five o'clock, the hour when she would be sought and missed.
I feared the vengeance of the disappointed fiend, yet I was unable to overcome my repugnance to the task which was enjoined me.
Why do you answer me so roughly?
I was as a solitary spot among mountains shut in on all sides by steep black precipices; where no ray of heat could penetrate; and from which there was no outlet to sunnier fields.
But a bitter thought swiftly shadowed her joy; she bent her eyes on the ground, endeavouring to master the passion of tears that threatened to overwhelm her.
You have given me new wants and now your trifle with me as if my heart were as whole as yours, as if I were not in truth a shorn lamb thrust out on the bleak hill side, tortured by every blast.
Idris sat at the bedside, holding Evelyn's hand; we were afraid to speak to each other; I watched the stars I hung over my child I felt his little pulse I drew near the mother again I receded.
Justine was called on for her defence.
Do not endeavour to deprive me of my companion, the out cast's friend.
We need houses to protect us from the seasons, and behold the materials with which we are provided; the growth of trees with their adornment of leaves; while rocks of stone piled above the plains variegate the prospect with their pleasant irregularity.
With the declining heat of a September night, a whirlwind of storm, thunder, and hail, rattled round the house, and with ghastly harmony sung the dirge of her family.
Let us go the world is our country now, and we will choose for our residence its most fertile spot.
But this was not the time for delay; I disencumbered the dogs of their dead companion, gave them a plentiful portion of food, and after an hour's rest, which was absolutely necessary, and yet which was bitterly irksome to me, I continued my route.
But they were ever together and their happiness seemed that of Paradise: they studied together: formed plans of future occupations, and drinking in love and joy from each other's eyes and words they hardly repined at the delay to their entire union.
No unseemly sights were therefore discernible: the shops were in general open, the concourse of passengers in some degree kept up.
I did not know the names of the towns that I was to pass through, nor could I ask information from a single human being; but I did not despair.
I passed the bridge of Pelissier, where the ravine, which the river forms, opened before me, and I began to ascend the mountain that overhangs it.
And those who do not work for posterity; or working, as may be my case, will not be known by it; yet they, believe me, have also their duties.
I listened to my father in silence and remained for some time incapable of offering any reply.
The paragraph was inserted in an obscure part: We regret to state that there can be no longer a doubt of the plague having been introduced at Leghorn, Genoa, and Marseilles.
Perdita's name was not mentioned; yet I could not doubt that love for her caused the vacillation of purpose that he exhibited.
Yet she was meanly dressed, a coarse blue petticoat and a linen jacket being her only garb; her fair hair was plaited but not adorned: she looked patient yet sad.
When I thought of my friends, of the mild voice of De Lacey, the gentle eyes of Agatha, and the exquisite beauty of the Arabian, these thoughts vanished and a gush of tears somewhat soothed me.
He wished to repay the kindness of the Athenians, to keep alive the splendid associations connected with his name, and to eradicate from Europe a power which, while every other nation advanced in civilization, stood still, a monument of antique barbarism.
The streets were blocked up, the ruins smoking; I climbed up one heap, only to view others in succession; and nothing told me where the centre of the town might be, or towards what point Raymond might have directed his course.
Why dost thou howl thus, O wind?
Raymond sprung lightly on his horse, grasped the standard, and with words which I could not hear but his gestures, being their fit accompaniment, were marked by passionate energy, he seemed to adjure their assistance and companionship; even as he spoke, the crowd receded from him.
Who could be interested in the fate of a murderer but the hangman who would gain his fee?
For the merits of my adaptation and translation must decide how far I have well bestowed my time and imperfect powers, in giving form and substance to the frail and attenuated Leaves of the Sibyl.
If mere existence, and not happiness, had been the final end of our being, what need of the profuse luxuries which we enjoy?
From my youth I have said, I will be virtuous; I will dedicate my life for the good of others; I will do my best to extirpate evil and if the spirit who protects ill should so influence circumstances that I should suffer through my endeavour, yet while there is hope and hope there ever must be, of success, cheerfully do I gird myself to my task.
I visited with my father every delightful spot, either on the islands, or by the side of the tree sheltered waterfalls; every shady path, or dingle entangled with underwood and fern.
Left to myself, I strove with painful intensity to divine the motive of his request and foresee the events of the coming day.
My father left it Where is he?
She told me, that that same evening William had teased her to let him wear a very valuable miniature that she possessed of your mother.
He hastened to take me aside, and disclosed to me with rapidity his plan of emigration from England.
Six years had elapsed, passed in a dream but for one indelible trace, and I stood in the same place where I had last embraced my father before my departure for Ingolstadt.
I threw myself at his feet, and took his hand, Yes, speak, and we shall be happy; there will no longer be doubt, no dreadful uncertainty; trust me, my affection will soothe your sorrow; speak that word and all danger will be past, and we shall love each other as before, and for ever.
Winter was hailed, a general and never failing physician.
The family, after having been thus occupied for a short time, extinguished their lights and retired, as I conjectured, to rest.
You must choose between these and your protectorate.
We rise; one wand'ring thought pollutes the day.
From within the city neither shout nor cry, nor aught except the casual howling of a dog, broke the noon day stillness.
She did not believe that he was dead, but she knew that he was in danger, and the hope of assisting in his liberation, and the idea of soothing by tenderness the ills that he might have undergone, elevated and harmonized the late jarring element of her being.
so did he spring up from listlessness and unproductive thought, to the highest pitch of virtuous action.
Yet I do not pretend to account for my mood by any particular event.
I have no right to play with his feelings, to accept his proffered love, and then sting him with neglect.
This is better, Mamma, said Clara, than being in that dismal London, where you often cry, and never laugh as you do now.
I had watched this scene, for there was a gentleness about the poor woman that interested me; she now tottered away from the door, walking as well as she could down Holborn Hill; but her strength soon failed her; she leaned against a wall, and her head sunk on her bosom, while her pallid cheek became still more white.
The Americans permitted a few to join their band, and presently the recruits outnumbered the strangers nor did they join with them, nor imitate the admirable order which, preserved by the Trans Atlantic chiefs, rendered them at once secure and formidable.
You cherish dreary thoughts, my dear Perdita, I said, nor do I wonder that for a time your better reason should be influenced by passionate grief and a disturbed imagination.
Both then withdrew; though, as she went, the Countess said, Softly; all sleep; though all have not been prepared for sleep, like her.
Love had doubled all her excellencies, and placed a diadem on her genius.
The dazzling light of ornamented rooms; lovely forms arrayed in splendid dresses; the motions of a dance, the voluptuous tones of exquisite music, cradled my senses in one delightful dream.
Let the day therefore be fixed; and on it I will consecrate myself, in life or death, to the happiness of my cousin.
Pale and tearful, she almost forgot her duties as hostess; her eyes were fixed on her children.
I had been awake the whole of the preceding night, my nerves were agitated, and my eyes inflamed by watching and misery.
The visionary Perdita beheld in all this only a new gloss upon an old reading, and her own was sufficiently inexhaustible to content her.
The latter name made me tremble when pronounced by Henry, and I hastened to quit Matlock, with which that terrible scene was thus associated.
I waited for my letters with feverish impatience; if they were delayed I was miserable and overcome by a thousand fears; and when they arrived and I saw the superscription of Elizabeth or my father, I hardly dared to read and ascertain my fate.
But that my firm courage and cheerful exertions might shelter the dear mate, whom I chose in the spring of my life; though the throbbings of my heart be replete with pain, though my hopes for the future are chill, still while your dear head, my gentlest love, can repose in peace on that heart, and while you derive from its fostering care, comfort, and hope, my struggles shall not cease, I will not call myself altogether vanquished.
The Countess of Windsor was by nature full of energetic feeling; but she had very seldom in her life permitted the concentrated emotions of her heart to shew themselves on her features.
I might have deceived you; I might have talked of remaining here only a few months; in your anxiety to reach Windsor you would have left me, and without reproach or contention, I might have pursued my plan.
They were forever ardent and craving; still I desired love and fellowship, and I was still spurned.
The few weeks that I spent in London were the most miserable of my life: a great city is a frightful habitation to one sorrowing.
Raymond asked me if I would accompany him to the House that evening.
I had not despaired, nor had I yet conceived the idea of returning if set free.
When my guest was a little recovered I had great trouble to keep off the men, who wished to ask him a thousand questions; but I would not allow him to be tormented by their idle curiosity, in a state of body and mind whose restoration evidently depended upon entire repose.
August th, You have read this strange and terrific story, Margaret; and do you not feel your blood congeal with horror, like that which even now curdles mine?
The Countess again came to her daughter's bedside: In Austria at least, she said, you will obey.
For this I had deprived myself of rest and health.
But Adrian is alone, wifeless, childless, unoccupied.
That heart sinking feeling was painted in her sunk eyes and spiritless attitude; a cloud was on her beauty, and frequent sighs were tokens of her distress.
The physical state of man would soon not yield to the beatitude of angels; disease was to be banished; labour lightened of its heaviest burden.
The sprightly parties broke up they assembled in whispering groups.
I had acquired in my harp a companion in rainy days; a sweet soother of my feelings when any untoward accident ruffled them: I often addressed it as my only friend; I could pour forth to it my hopes and loves, and I fancied that its sweet accents answered me.
There is much truth in what you say, said I, and yet no man ever acts upon this theory.
Her hair was the brightest living gold, and despite the poverty of her clothing, seemed to set a crown of distinction on her head.
He mounted a fiery horse, that which had borne him forward to victory in Greece; he fatigued himself with deadening exercise, losing the pangs of a troubled mind in animal sensation.
Arrived at the same point of the world's age there was no difference in us; the name of parent and child had lost their meaning; young boys and girls were level now with men.
I fear, my beloved girl, I said, little happiness remains for us on earth; yet all that I may one day enjoy is centred in you.
I wandered on, and the coming darkness made every trace indistinct by which I might be guided.
I am but half a soldier; I love the renown, but not the trade of war.
Did not I appear sanctified, even to myself, because this love had for its temple my heart?
I have no ambition to lose my life on the post road between St. Petersburgh and Archangel.
What are we, the inhabitants of this globe, least among the many that people infinite space?
As grief might change Constance so would deceit change me untill in heaven you would say, This is not my child My father, to be happy both now and when again we meet I must fly from all this life which is mockery to one like me.
A mightier power than the human was at hand to destroy our plans or to achieve the work we avoided.
I, not in deed, but in effect, was the true murderer.
Attend, O reader while I narrate this tale of wonders One day as Adrian and Idris were riding through the forest, with their mother and accustomed companions, Idris, drawing her brother aside from the rest of the cavalcade, suddenly asked him, What had become of his friend, Lionel Verney? Even from this spot, replied Adrian, pointing to my sister's cottage, you can see his dwelling.
My arrival was like the newly discovered lamp of a lighthouse to sailors, who are weathering some dangerous point.
When we arrived at Rodosto, we found that the field had been taken, and the scheme of the battle arranged.
This spot had for me peculiar charms.
We were surely sufficiently degraded.
I signified my readiness to proceed, but our guides protested against such a measure.
If I grieved it was for your mother, if I loved it was your image; these sole emotions filled my heart in quietness.
During our ride up to town, Adrian and I discussed and argued upon Raymond's conduct, and his falling off from the hopes of permanent excellence on his part, which he had before given us cause to entertain.
By slow degrees however we were drawn to the real interest of the scene.
Plague is the companion of spring, of sunshine, and plenty.
I gnashed my teeth and ground them together, uttering a groan that came from my inmost soul.
With such schooling did my poor Idris try to hush thronging fears, and in some measure succeeded.
My first visit would be to my sister, who inhabited a little cottage, a part of Adrian's gift, on the borders of Windsor Forest.
And morning and evening my tearful eyes raised to heaven, my hands clasped tight in the energy of prayer, I have repeated with the poet Before I see another day Oh, let this body die away Let me not be reproached then with inutility; I believed that by suicide I should violate a divine law of nature, and I thought that I sufficiently fulfilled my part in submitting to the hard task of enduring the crawling hours minutes in bearing the load of time that weighed miserably upon me and that in abstaining from what I in my calm moments considered a crime, I deserved the reward of virtue.
I ran on at my utmost speed until I found myself I knew not how, close to Westminster Abbey, and was attracted by the deep and swelling tone of the organ.
I smiled incredulously, and replied: I am of Ryland's way of thinking, and will, if you please, repeat all his arguments; we shall see how far you will be induced by them, to change the royal for the patriotic style.
I travelled only at night, fearful of encountering the visage of a human being.
What then became of me?
I gave him love only.
He played a sweet mournful air which I perceived drew tears from the eyes of his amiable companion, of which the old man took no notice, until she sobbed audibly; he then pronounced a few sounds, and the fair creature, leaving her work, knelt at his feet.
He personated his assumption of innocence even to self deception.
He assisted her to dismount, and dismissing her guide, conducted her into the cottage.
You will find him at Dunkeld; gentle and tractable he wanders up the hills, and through the wood, or sits listening beside the waterfall.
I may die, but in death I can never forget or desert my own Clara.
I continued to wind among the paths of the wood, until I came to its boundary, which was skirted by a deep and rapid river, into which many of the trees bent their branches, now budding with the fresh spring.
Already she fears for us.
These volumes were my study day and night, and my familiarity with them increased that regret which I had felt, as a child, on learning that my father's dying injunction had forbidden my uncle to allow me to embark in a seafaring life.
But this account, which might as properly belong to a former period of my life as to the present moment, leads me far afield.
Scattered and unconnected as they were, I have been obliged to add links, and model the work into a consistent form.
During several hours I continued thus to meditate, till hunger and fatigue brought me back to the passing hour, then marked by long shadows cast from the descending sun.
I was bound by a solemn promise which I had not yet fulfilled and dared not break, or if I did, what manifold miseries might not impend over me and my devoted family Could I enter into a festival with this deadly weight yet hanging round my neck and bowing me to the ground?
If you really say this, my questions are answered and all my doubts satisfied.
I alighted at Perth; and, though much fatigued by a constant exposure to the air for many hours, I would not rest, but merely altering my mode of conveyance, I went by land instead of air, to Dunkeld.
I avoided my ancient comrades, and I soon lost them.
This is infinitely ridiculous, he cried, if you were school boys, you could not conduct yourselves more unreasonably.
One evening a numerous assembly of Greek chieftains were gathered together in the palace.
Justine, poor, good Justine, is innocent.
Our misfortune is doubly hard to us; we have not only lost that lovely darling boy, but this poor girl, whom I sincerely love, is to be torn away by even a worse fate.
Raymond was ten years older; to his previous beauty, noble mien, and commanding aspect, he now added gentlest benevolence, winning tenderness, graceful and unwearied attention to the wishes of another.
The next morning I delivered my letters of introduction and paid a visit to some of the principal professors.
After an interval I arose, and as if by instinct, crawled into the room where the corpse of my beloved lay.
His habits were unhinged; his restless mind roused from its sleep, ambition must now be his companion through life; and if he did not succeed in his present attempt, she foresaw that unhappiness and cureless discontent would follow.
In those days the rest of the world was nothing to me: all other men I never considered nor felt what they were; nor did I look on you as one of them.
The girl was young and of gentle demeanour, unlike what I have since found cottagers and farmhouse servants to be.
Oh My creator, make me happy; let me feel gratitude towards you for one benefit Let me see that I excite the sympathy of some existing thing; do not deny me my request I was moved.
Wolves and lions, and various monsters of the desert roared against him; while the grim Unreality hovered shaking his spectral dart, a solitary but invincible assailant.
Woodville for ever rose in glory; and Elinor become more lovely and wise under the lessons of her accomplished lover.
The Turkish army were at this time besieging Rodosto; and the Greeks, hastening their preparations, and sending each day reinforcements, were on the eve of forcing the enemy to battle.
In the mean time, Raymond had remained with Adrian and Idris.
Continue for the present to write to me by every opportunity: I may receive your letters on some occasions when I need them most to support my spirits.
The maniac became composed; his person rose higher; authority beamed from his countenance.
It is one of those adversities which hurt instead of purifying the heart; for it is so intense a misery that it hardens dulls the feelings.
But it would not be so; young and blooming as they were, they would die, and from the hopes of maturity, from the proud name of attained manhood, they were cut off for ever.
But it was not so, I was yet young, Oh far too young, nor was he dead to others; but I, most miserable, must never see or speak to him again.
They hardly know how ill you have been and are uneasy at your long silence.
My poor sister looked at the counsellor with affright.
In a moment she was in his arms.
I did not pretend to enter into the merits of the case, yet I inclined towards the opinions of the hero, whose extinction I wept, without precisely understanding it.
It was found, that, though at first the stop put to all circulation of property, had reduced those before supported by the factitious wants of society to sudden and hideous poverty, yet when the boundaries of private possession were thrown down, the products of human labour at present existing were more, far more, than the thinned generation could possibly consume.
They endeavoured to picture forth what would then happen, and spoke in lofty terms of the prosperity of Greece, when Constantinople should become its capital.
Subscriptions were made for the emigrants, and merchants bankrupt by the failure of trade.
The lower and vagabond English joined with them.
And could not such words from her whom I fondly prized before every other gift of fortune suffice to chase away the fiend that lurked in my heart?
The nearer I approached to your habitation, the more deeply did I feel the spirit of revenge enkindled in my heart.
She was a singular being, and, like me, inherited much of the peculiar disposition of our father.
I resolved, let what would befall, to see and converse with her the following day.
Make me happy, and I shall again be virtuous.
But let us change the subject.
I fear that I speak in a constrained manner: my heart is overflowing with the ardent desire I have of bringing calm once more to your thoughts and looks; but I fear to aggravate your grief, or to raise that in you which is death to me, anger and distaste.
I know, though she does not, how false the veil is which she has spread over the reality do not endeavour to rend this deceptive covering, but by degrees withdraw it.
She looked on it as a deceitful dream, and tried to throw off the consciousness of it; but like the shirt of Nessus, it clung to her very flesh, and ate with sharp agony into her vital principle.
I invited him to walk with me, and led him to a neighbouring wood of beech trees whose light shade shielded us from the slant and dazzling beams of the descending sun After walking for some time in silence I seated my self with him on a mossy hillock It is strange but even now I seem to see the spot the slim and smooth trunks were many of them wound round by ivy whose shining leaves of the darkest green contrasted with the white bark and the light leaves of the young sprouts of beech that grew from their parent trunks the short grass was mingled with moss and was partly covered by the dead leaves of the last autumn that driven by the winds had here and there collected in little hillocks there were a few moss grown stumps about The leaves were gently moved by the breeze and through their green canopy you could see the bright blue sky As evening came on the distant trunks were reddened by the sun and the wind died entirely away while a few birds flew past us to their evening rest.
But it is unworthy of me to argue and complain.
But, my dear Frankenstein, continued he, stopping short and gazing full in my face, I did not before remark how very ill you appear; so thin and pale; you look as if you had been watching for several nights.
There was the spirited and obedient steed which Lord Raymond had given his daughter; there was Alfred's dog and a pet eagle, whose sight was dimmed through age.
After this Martha was seated more firmly than ever on the regal seat, elevated by reverence and love.
Now I must fulfil my vow; now range myself at his side, and be his ally and support till death.
There only remained a resolution to return to my ancient studies and to devote myself to a science for which I believed myself to possess a natural talent.
Their minister at Constantinople was urged to make the necessary perquisitions, and should his existence be ascertained, to demand his release.
I rushed towards her and embraced her with ardour, but the deadly languor and coldness of the limbs told me that what I now held in my arms had ceased to be the Elizabeth whom I had loved and cherished.
He sat beside her; and, taking the paper from her hand, said, Not a word more shall my sweet Perdita read of this contention of madmen and fools.
Lonely musings, interminable wanderings, and solemn music were her only pastimes.
This spirit gave a tone of irresistible persuasion to his intercourse with others, so that he seemed like an inspired musician, who struck, with unerring skill, the lyre of mind, and produced thence divine harmony.
In some degree, also, they diverted my mind from the thoughts over which it had brooded for the last month.
How altered every thing might be during that time One sudden and desolating change had taken place; but a thousand little circumstances might have by degrees worked other alterations, which, although they were done more tranquilly, might not be the less decisive.
He paused, looking on me with wonder, and again turning towards the lifeless form of his creator, he seemed to forget my presence, and every feature and gesture seemed instigated by the wildest rage of some uncontrollable passion.
This idea pursued me and tormented me at every moment from which I might otherwise have snatched repose and peace.
Soon after, however, Felix approached with another man; I was surprised, as I knew that he had not quitted the cottage that morning, and waited anxiously to discover from his discourse the meaning of these unusual appearances.
My spirit will sleep in peace, or if it thinks, it will not surely think thus.
He was not materially hurt, a little fresh water soon recovered him.
He secluded himself as much as the duties of his station permitted.
Man, no longer with an appetite for sympathy, clothed his thoughts in visible signs; nor were there any readers left: while each one, having thrown away his sword with opposing shield alone, awaited the plague, Merrival talked of the state of mankind six thousand years hence.
When others were there he often spoke to me and his eyes perpetually followed my slightest motion.
He requested me in the meantime to ride through the camp, and to observe and report to him the dispositions of the soldiers; he then left me.
My abhorrence of this fiend cannot be conceived.
Raymond and I made a part of the concert, and Adrian and Perdita were devout listeners.
I could with pleasure have destroyed the cottage and its inhabitants and have glutted myself with their shrieks and misery.
I heard of the death of only sons; of wives and husbands most devoted; of the rending of ties twisted with the heart's fibres, of friend losing friend, and young mothers mourning for their first born; and these moving incidents were grouped and painted in my mind by the knowledge of the persons, by my esteem and affection for the sufferers.
But he was checked; Evadne exacted a promise, that he should conceal from all her friends her existence in England.
I have no one near me, gentle yet courageous, possessed of a cultivated as well as of a capacious mind, whose tastes are like my own, to approve or amend my plans.
Darkness then came over me and troubled me, but hardly had I felt this when, by opening my eyes, as I now suppose, the light poured in upon me again.
I shall shed no more tears for my task is almost fulfilled, and I am about to be rewarded for long and most burthensome suffering.
At the battle of Makri he had led the charge of cavalry, and pursued the fugitives even to the banks of the Hebrus.
I know it I see it you hate me I was transported by violent emotion, and rising from his feet, at which I had thrown myself, I leant against a tree, wildly raising my eyes to heaven.
But my father; my beloved and most wretched father?
This was asked only half ironically; and Idris wondered why her mother should extort from her a solemn vow not to do, what she had never dreamed of doing but the promise was required and given.
I sat on the sole remaining step of an edifice, which even in its downfall, was huge and magnificent; a few broken walls, not dislodged by gunpowder, stood in fantastic groupes, and a flame glimmered at intervals on the summit of the pile.
He sprang from the cabin window as he said this, upon the ice raft which lay close to the vessel.
The whole series of my life appeared to me as a dream; I sometimes doubted if indeed it were all true, for it never presented itself to my mind with the force of reality.
Accordingly, a few months after your departure for Ingolstadt, Justine was called home by her repentant mother.
England, seated far north in the turbid sea, now visits my dreams in the semblance of a vast and well manned ship, which mastered the winds and rode proudly over the waves.
To escape these evils was the aim and scope of all our exertions.
That he need not plunge into this destructive dissipation for the sake of disgusting me, and causing me to fly.
How miraculous did this appear The huts, the neater cottages, and stately houses engaged my admiration by turns.
He loved to dwell on what might have been the state of the earth before man lived on it, and how he first arose and gradually became the strange, complicated, but as he said, the glorious creature he now is.
Certainly, replied the ex queen, with bitter scorn, his love, and her love, and both their childish flutterings, are to be put in fit comparison with my years of hope and anxiety, with the duties of the offspring of kings, with the high and dignified conduct which one of her descent ought to pursue.
Entertain this belief, he cried, hug it to your heart make it a pillow to your head, an opiate for your eyes I am content.
What had she done the while, how supported his absence and neglect?
I never saw a more interesting creature: his eyes have generally an expression of wildness, and even madness, but there are moments when, if anyone performs an act of kindness towards him or does him any the most trifling service, his whole countenance is lighted up, as it were, with a beam of benevolence and sweetness that I never saw equalled.
But the weather was serene, and as I walked on I fell into no unpleasing reveries.
He is irrecoverably mad.
We were, as we believed, many hundred miles from any land; but this apparition seemed to denote that it was not, in reality, so distant as we had supposed.
One of my first acts for the recovery even of my own composure, was to bid farewell to the sea.
I leave a sad and bitter world; and if you remember me and think of me as of one unjustly condemned, I am resigned to the fate awaiting me.
When I looked around I saw and heard of none like me.
These are the words that it contained.
They were marched to various parts of the southern counties, quartered in deserted villages, a part were sent back to their own island, while the season of winter so far revived our energy, that the passes of the country were defended, and any increase of numbers prohibited.
It is even possible that the train of my ideas would never have received the fatal impulse that led to my ruin.
We both agreed in loving Adrian: although she not having yet escaped from childhood could not appreciate as I did the extent of his merits, or feel the same sympathy in his pursuits and opinions.
I am surrounded by mountains of ice which admit of no escape and threaten every moment to crush my vessel.
The love that is the soul of friendship is a soft spirit seldom found except when two amiable creatures are knit from early youth, or when bound by mutual suffering and pursuits; it comes to some of the elect unsought and unaware; it descends as gentle dew on chosen spots which however barren they were before become under its benign influence fertile in all sweet plants; but when desired it flies; it scoffs at the prayers of its votaries; it will bestow, but not be sought.
But you are ill; even now you tremble; you are unfit for agitation of any kind.
He asked me several questions concerning my progress in the different branches of science appertaining to natural philosophy.
He had abandoned me, and in the bitterness of my heart I cursed him.
Leave the task of persuasion on that point to me; I do not ask you to assist me there.
A remembrance of the discourses of my parents, and the communications which my mother endeavoured to impress upon me concerning my father's friends, in slight hope that I might one day derive benefit from the knowledge, floated like an indistinct dream through my brain.
The wind howled; the half bare trees were despoiled of the remainder of their summer ornament; the state of the air which induced the decay of vegetation, was hostile to cheerfulness or hope.
If, under any circumstances, she could have acquired sufficient courage to address the noble persons mentioned by her husband, the ill success of his own application caused her to banish the idea.
In open ambition or close intrigue, his end was the same to attain the first station in his own country.
I wish you could see him; he is very tall of his age, with sweet laughing blue eyes, dark eyelashes, and curling hair.
He was endeavouring to encourage his sister, and to bring her to look on his intent in a less tragic light than she was prepared to do; and with passionate eloquence he unfolded his designs to her. Let me, at the first word, he said, relieve your mind from all fear on my account.
I no longer exhaust my miserable heart by bitter tears and frantic complaints; I no longer the sic reproach the sun, the earth, the air, for pain and wretchedness.
Five years gave a sober certainty to their emotions, though it did not rob them of their etherial nature.
She tried to rouse herself, but her eyes every now and then filled with tears, and she looked wistfully on Raymond and her girl, as if fearful that some evil would betide them.
The impatience of my sister's disposition now returned on her, awakened by repentance, sharpened by remorse.
One of his most intimate friends was a merchant who, from a flourishing state, fell, through numerous mischances, into poverty.
It was small relief to him that our discipline should gain us success in such a conflict; while plague still hovered to equalize the conqueror and the conquered, it was not victory that he desired, but bloodless peace.
This feeling of universal misery assumed concentration and shape, when I looked on my wife and children; and the thought of danger to them possessed my whole being with fear.
My manly virtues did not desert me, for the witch Urania spared the locks of Sampson, while he reposed at her feet; but all was softened and humanized.
About midnight I returned to the palace and sought Raymond; he was alone, and apparently composed; such composure, at least, was his as is inspired by a resolve to adhere to a certain line of conduct.
His design was to visit India, in the belief that he had in his knowledge of its various languages, and in the views he had taken of its society, the means of materially assisting the progress of European colonization and trade.
He transacted public business with distaste, and hastened from it to the solitude which was at once his bane and relief.
He spoke this with a voice so modulated to the different feelings expressed in his speech, with an eye so full of lofty design and heroism, that can you wonder that these men were moved?
O wherefore are love and ruin for ever joined in this our mortal dream?
His first wish was aggrandisement; and the means that led towards this end were secondary considerations.
Our nature dim, like to an unlighted torch, sleeps in formless blank till the fire attain it; this life of life, this light to moon, and glory to the sun.
It gave ideality to that, from which, taken in naked truth, the soul would have revolted: it bestowed pictorial colours on misery and disease, and not unfrequently relieved me from despair in deplorable changes.
He drew a glowing picture of its present situation.
Chapter Some time elapsed before I learned the history of my friends.
My tears flow; my mind is overshadowed by a cloud of disappointment.
Vanity first prompted me to ask you: vanity, I call it; yet even in this I see the hand of fate your presence will soon be necessary; you will become the last resource of Perdita, her protector and consoler.
This also was refused.
She answered my reasonings more briefly, declaring with disdain, that the reason was hers; and, until I could persuade her that the past could be unacted, that maturity could go back to the cradle, and that all that was could become as though it had never been, it was useless to assure her that no real change had taken place in her fate.
I enjoyed this scene, and yet my enjoyment was embittered both by the memory of the past and the anticipation of the future.
The men filled the mosques; the women, veiled, hastened to the tombs, and carried offerings to the dead, thus to preserve the living.
Life was then brilliant; I began to learn to hope and what brings a more bitter despair to the heart than hope destroyed?
He came by sea from Constantinople to Athens.
Still thou canst listen to me and grant me thy compassion.
The news spread through Athens, and the whole city poured out at the gate of the Piraeus, down the roads, through the vineyards, the olive woods and plantations of fig trees, towards the harbour.
On the th of December of that year, my companion and I crossed the Bay, to visit the antiquities which are scattered on the shores of Baiae.
I was their plaything and their idol, and something better their child, the innocent and helpless creature bestowed on them by heaven, whom to bring up to good, and whose future lot it was in their hands to direct to happiness or misery, according as they fulfilled their duties towards me.
They spurn and hate me.
After days and nights of incredible labour and fatigue, I succeeded in discovering the cause of generation and life; nay, more, I became myself capable of bestowing animation upon lifeless matter.
Suddenly he started up and fled from me; I pursued him: we sped over the fields, and by the skirts of woods, and on the banks of rivers; he flew fast and I followed.
He returned home, full of mingled feelings, of pain excited by Evadne's wretchedness, and pleasure at the prospect of relieving it.
The blood flowed freely in my veins, but a weight of despair and remorse pressed on my heart which nothing could remove.
I hardly replied to the slightest question, and was uneasy when I saw a human creature near me.
And then I repeated to myself all that lovely passage that relates the entrance of Dante into the terrestrial Paradise; and thought it would be sweet when I wandered on those lovely banks to see the car of light descend with my long lost parent to be restored to me.
We became ephemera, to whom the interval between the rising and setting sun was as a long drawn year of common time.
Sometimes he commanded his countenance and tones and related the most horrible incidents with a tranquil voice, suppressing every mark of agitation; then, like a volcano bursting forth, his face would suddenly change to an expression of the wildest rage as he shrieked out imprecations on his persecutor.
I was still cold when under one of the trees I found a huge cloak, with which I covered myself, and sat down upon the ground.
O quickly bind up the wounds of the fallen let not one die; let not one more soul escape through your merciless gashes, to relate before the throne of God the tale of fratricide; bind up their wounds restore them to their friends.
It was in the newspaper that she saw the advertisement for the design for a national gallery.
He loathed the idea that his daughter should be united to a Christian, but he feared the resentment of Felix if he should appear lukewarm, for he knew that he was still in the power of his deliverer if he should choose to betray him to the Italian state which they inhabited.
My heart, which was before sorrowful, now swelled with something like joy; I exclaimed, Wandering spirits, if indeed ye wander, and do not rest in your narrow beds, allow me this faint happiness, or take me, as your companion, away from the joys of life.
The vast cities of America, the fertile plains of Hindostan, the crowded abodes of the Chinese, are menaced with utter ruin.
I wait in quiet expectation for the closing hours of a life which has been to me most sweet bitter.
And do you dream? said the daemon.
Could the demon who had I did not for a minute doubt murdered my brother also in his hellish sport have betrayed the innocent to death and ignominy?
I find myself, for one, as a stringed instrument with chords and stops but I have no power to turn the pegs, or pitch my thoughts to a higher or lower key.
When I was otherwise quite restored to health, the sight of a chemical instrument would renew all the agony of my nervous symptoms.
Do you believe, Verney, that I brought you to town for that?
The ex queen gives me Idris; Adrian is totally unfitted to succeed to the earldom, and that earldom in my hands becomes a kingdom.
The young woman arranged the cottage and prepared the food, and the youth departed after the first meal.
We found Raymond in his dining room with six others: the bottle was being pushed about merrily, and had made considerable inroads on the understanding of one or two.
This, I thought, was the moment of decision, which was to rob me of or bestow happiness on me forever.
I was now in Holborn, and passed by a public house filled with uproarious companions, whose songs, laughter, and shouts were more sorrowful than the pale looks and silence of the mourner.
But his fate was still uncertain; she began to fear the worst, and to feel that her soul's hope was cast on a chance that might prove a blank.
The farmers and cottagers, on the contrary, struck with the fear of solitude, and madly desirous of medical assistance, flocked into the towns.
Hours passed, while in this scene of ruin I sought for Raymond.
Adrian was on horseback; he rode up to the carriage, and his gaiety, in addition to that of Raymond, dispelled my sister's melancholy.
No none of these things accompanied our fall The balmy air of spring, breathed from nature's ambrosial home, invested the lovely earth, which wakened as a young mother about to lead forth in pride her beauteous offspring to meet their sire who had been long absent.
His voice became fainter as he spoke, and at length, exhausted by his effort, he sank into silence.
There was a show of gratitude and worship in his attachment to my mother, differing wholly from the doting fondness of age, for it was inspired by reverence for her virtues and a desire to be the means of, in some degree, recompensing her for the sorrows she had endured, but which gave inexpressible grace to his behaviour to her.
Once, overcome by fatigue, I sunk on the wet earth; about two hundred yards distant, alone in a large meadow stood a magnificent oak; the lightnings shewed its myriad boughs torn by the storm.
With considerable difficulty we scrambled up, and came to another passage with still more of illumination, and this led to another ascent like the former.
But reflection returned with health.
There is nothing more melancholy than a merry meeting thus turned to sorrow: the gala dresses the decorations, gay as they might otherwise be, receive a solemn and funereal appearance.
But an earthquake had changed the scene under our very feet the earth yawned deep and precipitous the gulph below opened to receive us, while the hours charioted us towards the chasm.
The theatres were kept open; every place of public resort was frequented; though he endeavoured so to modify them, as might best quiet the agitation of the spectators, and at the same time prevent a reaction of misery when the excitement was over.
The course of the Rhine below Mainz becomes much more picturesque.
But I can be the first to support and guard my country, now that terrific disasters and ruin have laid strong hands upon her.
You turn from me; yet before you deny me reflect, Woodville, how sweet it were to cast off the load of tears and misery under which we now labour: and surely we shall find light after we have passed the dark valley.
One or two stiff gales and the springing of a leak are accidents which experienced navigators scarcely remember to record, and I shall be well content if nothing worse happen to us during our voyage.
Go you before break of day, bear these dispatches to Karazza, add to them your own entreaties that he send me his marines and naval force; if I can get but one regiment to second me, the rest would follow of course.
We stood at the door looking on this strange scene, till the dog perceiving us barked loudly; the child turned and saw us: her face.
I resolved to fly far from the scene of my misfortunes; but to me, hated and despised, every country must be equally horrible.
I instantly wrote to Geneva; nearly two months have elapsed since the departure of my letter.
Farewell, my dear, excellent Margaret.
How often have I wept over that letter which untill I was sixteen was the only relick I had to remind me of my parents.
Near the fire was Ryland and his supporters.
The very spirit of the Greek mythology inhabited my heart; I deified the uplands, glades, and streams, I Had sight of Proteus coming from the sea; And heard old Triton blow his wreathed horn.
He looked up to her as his guide, and such was his adoration that he delighted to augment to his own mind the sense of inferiority with which she sometimes impressed him.
My friend and I had both been educated in one school, or rather I was his pupil in the opinion, that steady adherence to principle was the only road to honour; a ceaseless observance of the laws of general utility, the only conscientious aim of human ambition.
She sought solitude, and avoided us when in gaiety and unrestrained affection we met in a family circle.
Expectation, and hopes, and affection were all too much for me.
As it was, trembling, cold, and pale, she sought Raymond.
His appearance re animated our friend; and, when he came to speak and act, his hesitation vanished, and he shone out supreme in majesty and victory.
Yet I cannot ask you to renounce your country and friends to fulfil this task; and now that you are returning to England, you will have little chance of meeting with him.
Youths, nobles of the land, performed for the sake of mother or sister, the services of menials with amiable cheerfulness.
This contention is unworthy of both of us; and I confess that I am weary of replying to charges at once unfounded and unkind.
Farewell to the sea Come, my Clara, sit beside me in this aerial bark; quickly and gently it cleaves the azure serene, and with soft undulation glides upon the current of the air; or, if storm shake its fragile mechanism, the green earth is below; we can descend, and take shelter on the stable continent.
None had ever before suspected, that power, or the suffrage of the many, could in any manner become dear to him.
My dream recurred to my thoughts; I was not usually superstitious but in wretchedness every one is so.
It was as well to fail at last after a struggle, as to fly now at the beginning of his enterprise.
In our road to the palace, we passed through the Greek cemetery; here on a tablet of black marble I caused him to be laid; the cypresses waved high above, their death like gloom accorded with his state of nothingness.
The mind flags beneath the weight of thought, and droops in the heartless intercourse of those whose sole aim is amusement.
I had before experienced sensations of horror, and I have endeavoured to bestow upon them adequate expressions, but words cannot convey an idea of the heart sickening despair that I then endured.
He was perfectly self possessed; he accosted us both with courtesy, seemed immediately to enter into our feelings, and to make one with us.
It is true, the populace retained themselves; but there arose a perpetual hum and bustle from the throng round the palace, which added to the noise of fireworks, the frequent explosion of arms, the tramp to and fro of horsemen and carriages, to which effervescence he was the focus, retarded his recovery.
Raymond was actuated by far other feelings.
He was an inferior actor, but truth now made him excellent; as he went on to announce to Macduff the slaughter of his family, he was afraid to speak, trembling from apprehension of a burst of grief from the audience, not from his fellow mime.
Elinor die This is frenzy and the most miserable despair: you cannot die while I am near.
Insurmountable heaps sometimes opposed themselves; the still burning fires scorched me.
I shall never see the snows of another winter I do believe that I shall never again feel the vivifying warmth of another summer sun; and it is in this persuasion that I begin to write my tragic history.
If he were truly my friend he would have calculated all this; and let me now calculate this boasted friendship, and discover its real worth.
Flowers, the children of the spring, adorned her garden and casements; in the midst of lowliness there was an air of elegance which spoke the graceful taste of the inmate.
When their course is fulfilled, the dial begins to cast westward an uncertain shadow; the eye lids of day are opened, and birds and flowers, the startled vegetation, and fresh breeze awaken; the sun at length appears, and in majestic procession climbs the capitol of heaven.
Idris stood beside me, her dear hand locked in mine.
Methought that, Adrian withdrawn from active life, and this beauteous Idris, a victim probably to her mother's ambitious schemes, I ought to come forward to protect her from undue influence, guard her from unhappiness, and secure to her freedom of choice, the right of every human being.
We will fight the enemy to the last.
As I was occupied in fixing the boat and arranging the sails, several people crowded towards the spot.
I paused, examining and analysing all the minutiae of causation, as exemplified in the change from life to death, and death to life, until from the midst of this darkness a sudden light broke in upon me a light so brilliant and wondrous, yet so simple, that while I became dizzy with the immensity of the prospect which it illustrated, I was surprised that among so many men of genius who had directed their inquiries towards the same science, that I alone should be reserved to discover so astonishing a secret.
He called for the people of the house, but could learn nothing from them, except that they knew nothing.
But although the appearance of an infected town was avoided, to me, who had not beheld it since the commencement of the visitation, London appeared sufficiently changed.
He got over his grief for Elinor, and the country became dull to him, so he was glad to find even me for amusement; and when he does not know what else to do he passes his lazy hours here, and calls this friendship It is true that his presence is a consolation to me, and that his words are sweet, and, when he will he can pour forth thoughts that win me from despair.
I also became a poet and for one year lived in a paradise of my own creation; I imagined that I also might obtain a niche in the temple where the names of Homer and Shakespeare are consecrated.
She thanked him in the most ardent terms for his intended services towards her parent, and at the same time she gently deplored her own fate.
But there was a fearlessness and frankness about her, which said that she would not encroach on another's liberty, but held her own sacred and unassailable.
I revolved rapidly in my mind a multitude of thoughts and endeavoured to arrive at some conclusion.
My father was expected at noon but when I wished to return to meet him I found that I had lost my way: it seemed that in every attempt to find it I only became more involved in the intracacies of the woods, and the trees hid all trace by which I might be guided.
I believe that I have no enemy on earth, and none surely would have been so wicked as to destroy me wantonly.
In other studies you go as far as others have gone before you, and there is nothing more to know; but in a scientific pursuit there is continual food for discovery and wonder.
I drank of an enchanted cup but gall was at the bottom of its long drawn sweetness.
The curtain drew up, and the stage presented the scene of the witches' cave.
At first I perceived that he tried to suppress his emotion; he placed his hands before his eyes, and my voice quivered and failed me as I beheld tears trickle fast from between his fingers; a groan burst from his heaving breast.
They fled they knew not whither; and the citizens were filled with greater dread, at the convulsion which shook lions into civil streets; birds, strong winged eagles, suddenly blinded, fell in the market places, while owls and bats shewed themselves welcoming the early night.
After a long pause of reflection I concluded that the justice due both to him and my fellow creatures demanded of me that I should comply with his request.
Raymond had quitted the palace the night before; he had promised to grace the assembly, but he had not yet returned.
Alfred stood immoveable before him, his whole attention absorbed.
Although he deserts his post in London, he may be of the greatest service in the north of England, by receiving and assisting travellers, and contributing to supply the metropolis with food.
I wish to prepare you for the woeful news, but I know it is impossible; even now your eye skims over the page to seek the words which are to convey to you the horrible tidings.
Still his mother did not despair.
However, it was hardly morning, and I might reasonably hope to arrive by night.
I have said that he was a poet: when he was three and twenty years of age he first published a poem, and it was hailed by the whole nation with enthusiasm and delight.
As yet, thank God, I am equal to the government of the town; and I look only to the present.
She appeared affected by different feelings; wiping a few tears from her lovely eyes, she held out her hand to Felix, who kissed it rapturously and called her, as well as I could distinguish, his sweet Arabian.
When Raymond offered to clear her reputation, and demonstrate to the world her real patriotism, she declared that it was only through her present sufferings that she hoped for any relief to the stings of conscience; that, in her state of mind, diseased as he might think it, the necessity of occupation was salutary medicine; she ended by extorting a promise that for the space of one month he would refrain from the discussion of her interests, engaging after that time to yield in part to his wishes.
CHAPTER V. WHEN we arrived at Windsor, I found that Raymond and Perdita had departed for the continent.
No, he had determined to die, and he wished to spare me the misery of knowing it.
He rode through the town, visiting the wounded, and giving such orders as were necessary for the siege he meditated.
Or after life No, no, I will not persuade myself to die, I may not, dare not.
They have acquired new and almost unlimited powers; they can command the thunders of heaven, mimic the earthquake, and even mock the invisible world with its own shadows.
Burke has said that, 'in all bodies those who would lead, must also, in a considerable degree, follow.'
His friends remembered him as a brilliant vision which would never again return to them.
And wherefore was it glorious?
No one at Windsor would afford them shelter; so, going a little further up, they remained all night in a deserted hut near Bolter's lock.
It was suspected that the Turks, finding themselves possessed of so illustrious a captive, resolved to satisfy their cruelty rather than their avarice, and fearful of the interference of England, had come to the determination of concealing for ever the cold blooded murder of the soldier they most hated and feared in the squadrons of their enemy.
Do you remember in her infancy, with what transport you beheld Clara, recognizing in her the united being of yourself and Raymond; joying to view in this living temple a manifestation of your eternal loves.
The room was decorated with the busts of many of them, and he described their characters to me.
Alas I who so lately knew of nought but the joy of life; who had slept only to dream sweet dreams and awoke to incomparable happiness, I now passed my days and nights in tears.
She had never been married; and for the last five years had lived perfectly alone on an estate, that had descended to her through her mother, on the shores of Loch Lomond in Scotland.
On this occasion a man of great research in natural philosophy was with us, and excited by this catastrophe, he entered on the explanation of a theory which he had formed on the subject of electricity and galvanism, which was at once new and astonishing to me.
She uttered some words in a loud voice, and the youth joined her, who also expressed surprise.
We were born to be friends to each other; and though ill fortune has divided us, will you not acknowledge the hereditary bond of friendship which I trust will hereafter unite us?
Hundreds of English residents returned to their own country.
Fire, the sword, and plague They may all be found in yonder city; on my head alone may they fall From this day Raymond's melancholy increased.
Do you, my compassionate friend, tell me how to die peacefully and innocently and I will bless you: all that I, poor wretch, can desire is a painless death.
Sometimes I grew alarmed at the wreck I perceived that I had become; the energy of my purpose alone sustained me: my labours would soon end, and I believed that exercise and amusement would then drive away incipient disease; and I promised myself both of these when my creation should be complete.
Am I not the most miserable worm that crawls?
He is so gentle, yet so wise; his mind is so cultivated, and when he speaks, although his words are culled with the choicest art, yet they flow with rapidity and unparalleled eloquence.
He had returned, and he wrote to know whether my aunt would come to London or whether he should visit her in Scotland.
If I were alone, would he not at times force his abhorred presence on me to remind me of my task or to contemplate its progress?
A part of its orb was at length hid, and I waved my brand; it sank, and with a loud scream I fired the straw, and heath, and bushes, which I had collected.
But do you not see, that, under the idea of exalting me, he is chalking out a new path for himself; a path of action from which he has long wandered?
I never beheld anything so utterly destroyed.
Early in the day, Argyropylo was wounded dangerously, and Raymond assumed the command of the whole army.
If I no longer saw the fresh glow of youth on his matured countenance, if care had besieged his brow, And dug deep trenches in his beauty's field, if his hair, slightly mingled with grey, and his look, considerate even in its eagerness, gave signs of added years and past sufferings, yet there was something irresistibly affecting in the sight of one, lately snatched from the grave, renewing his career, untamed by sickness or disaster.
Everything was silent except the leaves of the trees, which were gently agitated by the wind; the night was nearly dark, and the scene would have been solemn and affecting even to an uninterested observer.
To be friendless is indeed to be unfortunate, but the hearts of men, when unprejudiced by any obvious self interest, are full of brotherly love and charity.
I passed a night of unmingled wretchedness.
Pardon me, gentle reader, this is not futile vanity; not futile, since to know that Adrian felt thus, brings joy even now to my lone heart.
Oh fie Cast off this blank look of human melancholy.
Am I not shunned and hated by all mankind?
At length we reached the overhanging beach; a cottage stood beside the path; we knocked at the door and it was opened: the bed within instantly caught my eye; something stiff and straight lay on it, covered by a sheet; the cottagers looked aghast.
She thought her the model of all excellence and endeavoured to imitate her phraseology and manners, so that even now she often reminds me of her.
These disasters came home to so many bosoms, and, through the various channels of commerce, were carried so entirely into every class and division of the community, that of necessity they became the first question in the state, the chief subjects to which we must turn our attention.
Then weeping, she clung to me: Take me to him, she cried, unkind Lionel, why do you keep me here?
His genius was transcendant, and when it rose as a bright star in the east all eyes were turned towards it in admiration.
She now took pleasure in my society; towards Idris she felt and displayed a full and affectionate sense of her worth she restored to her child in abundant measure her tenderness and care.
They left me in an hour's time.
The appearance of Justine was calm.
When she entered the court she threw her eyes round it and quickly discovered where we were seated.
In the evening, Adrian and I proceeded to Westminster.
Elizabeth seemed happy; my tranquil demeanour contributed greatly to calm her mind.
I swear, he cried, by the sun, and by the blue sky of heaven, and by the fire of love that burns my heart, that if you grant my prayer, while they exist you shall never behold me again.
She entered the cottages of the sick; she relieved their wants with her own hand; she betrayed no fear, and inspired all who saw her with some portion of her own native courage.
Two years passed in this manner, during which I paid no visit to Geneva, but was engaged, heart and soul, in the pursuit of some discoveries which I hoped to make.
How kind and generous you are every one else believes in her guilt, and that made me wretched, for I knew that it was impossible: and to see every one else prejudiced in so deadly a manner rendered me hopeless and despairing.
But your sad mien never alters; your pulses beat and you breathe, yet you seem already to belong to another world; and sometimes, pray pardon my wild thoughts, when you touch my hand I am surprised to find your hand warm when all the fire of life seems extinct within you.
Our rate could not have been less than eight knots.
Nor, strange to say, was the time without its pleasures.
Hear, O ye inhabitants of the earth, he cried, hear thou, all seeing, but most pitiless Heaven hear thou too, O tempest tossed heart, which breathes out these words, yet faints beneath their meaning Death is among us The earth is beautiful and flower bedecked, but she is our grave The clouds of heaven weep for us the pageantry of the stars is but our funeral torchlight.
Sometimes it made me weep; and at other times I repeated with transport those words, One day I may claim her at your hands.
After a short repose I prepared to leave her, that I might endeavour to accomplish her wish.
The sledge was still visible, nor did I again lose sight of it except at the moments when for a short time some ice rock concealed it with its intervening crags.
Large estates were secured to the dethroned monarch and his family; he received the title of Earl of Windsor, and Windsor Castle, an ancient royalty, with its wide demesnes were a part of his allotted wealth.
Several hours passed, and I remained near my window gazing on the sea; it was almost motionless, for the winds were hushed, and all nature reposed under the eye of the quiet moon.
Looking timidly around, as if she feared to be overheard, she whispered: I have discovered to morrow that is, to day already the to morrow is come before dawn, foreigners, Austrians, my mother's hirelings, are to carry me off to Germany, to prison, to marriage to anything, except you and my brother take me away, or soon they will be here I was frightened by her vehemence, and imagined some mistake in her incoherent tale; but I no longer hesitated to obey her.
Thus coming nearer and nearer each other, the howls and shouts of the Irish increased; the English proceeded in obedience to their officers, until they came near enough to distinguish the faces of their enemies; the sight inspired them with fury: with one cry, that rent heaven and was re echoed by the furthest lines, they rushed on; they disdained the use of the bullet, but with fixed bayonet dashed among the opposing foe, while the ranks opening at intervals, the matchmen lighted the cannon, whose deafening roar and blinding smoke filled up the horror of the scene.
The crime had its source in her; be hers the punishment Thanks to the lessons of Felix and the sanguinary laws of man, I had learned now to work mischief.
Lay down your arms, barbarous and cruel men men whose hands are stained with the blood of the innocent, whose souls are weighed down by the orphan's cry We shall conquer, for the right is on our side; already your cheeks are pale the weapons fall from your nerveless grasp.
Beware, for I am fearless and therefore powerful.
The interval was, consequently, spent in inaction; his grief only became more deep and rankling when he had leisure for reflection, and at length it took so fast hold of his mind that at the end of three months he lay on a bed of sickness, incapable of any exertion.
Mr. Kirwin charged himself with every care of collecting witnesses and arranging my defence.
This city had remained faithful to him, after the whole nation had forsaken his cause to join the standard of Parliament and liberty.