maybe i dont need n e more friends.
hahaha....wow...to be continued....who knows wat will happen next......tee hee wow its been a while since ive written in here.
u give him a dance he'll never forget....u also even hump the floor!!
first impressions are always the best...well sometimes bad, but also funny.
thank you for your heart and love.
I can look back  and see that you really always wanted the best for me and how hard you worked to get it.
it was pretty heavy cuz the car kinda shifted down.....so the whole time im trying to figure out wat he got me...he sed i had to wait til midnight.
and now i get to move up to be closer to him and to finish off school everyone sed that i wasted mah time with mah ex bf mark...which is so true...i mustve been so stupid to stay with that faggot for so long...im just so glad things are so much better in mah life now... some shoutouts to mah la homies.... rich....wat a coincidence that we switched places...haha...b4 i even asked mah parents, i remember tellin u about mah dream that we both moved n switched areas...u had already moved to la n i had already moved to svale....a month goes by and you actually did move down and soon i had found out that i was able to move up too....i hope u enjoy ur stay down here in la...pointer: watch out for fake ass peeps who will only take advantage of u...  steph...imma miss chillin with u n shooting pool with u....back in the day we use to go every single night...haha...remember that?
seems interesting to have mah thougths typed up.
infatuation is instant desire.
it is one set of glands calling to one another.
to be continued...... wow..1999 here I come!!
infatuation is marked by a feeling of insecurity.
well I will be moving to Sunnyvale with Sai and Pattey.
you are warmed by his presence, even when hes away.
hehe  dougie ~ wow...meeting u for the first time...u looked mean, thats cuz u were hella tall n big.
no one can EVER take your place.
it might spoil the dream.
things will fill up eventually.
but near or far, you know he is yours and you can wait.
