I could write a paper so much more accurately on this topic than they have.
It was on one side of a man-made lake, and it was beautiful.
It's 10 pm... that means that my kittens have just woken up.
Is it anti-social, or even "high maintenance" to refuse to leave the confines of your cool, air conditioned basement apartment, and to demand that anyone who wants to see you show up there, when it's this hot and muggy outside?
(and someone would probably feel the same way about my presentation... vicious cycle!)
when will the insanity that is school end?
I didn't get a flu shot this year and they were out of them at the clinic.
I have just sat through a twenty minute presentation on a topic that I actually know something about.
it's hard to take him seriously when he's intent on pouncing on me, but purring like that.
*sigh* i can hope for next term, right?
partially because I object to my computer chair (which has a nice high back) being used as a cat-climbing aparatus.
It is feeling kinda empty at the moment... Get more people :) Just start making up e-mail addresses and send those message things...  we may get some interesting comments hehe i went to the hospital today with niki and i watched them give her an EEG on her brain.
But for some reason, that half hour nap between 9:00 and 9:30 is enough to keep them going until the wee hours of the night... they prefer to wrestle on my bed while I'm in it.
Everything was going great up until my shift tonight when...  some crazy bastard threw up on my desk...  the joys of working in health care :( some girl just came in.... wanted to know if we could scan her report card in and then change the marks and comments on it and print it out.
And if they got up there... why can't they get back down?
I'm still fair game for any regular flu bugs though.
Time or day, sun or moon, light or dark...  doesn't matter.
I was able to download episodes 18 and 21 but the rest I am having absolutely no luck finding...  does anyone out there that reads Jen's blog know where I can get season 4 episodes 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20, and 22 (I remember you saying that you had the last one Jen so that one I really don't need I suppose.)
it began to purr as i closed the lid with reason inside, and it just didn't stop purring.
Now I actually have connecting flights that I should be able to make... but the hotel room isn't booked.
