Well, there's a reason for the things that I have on.
still no gf.. but life is slow and time goes on... i can wait i guess... but life is good otherwise... i didn't get into jazz one.. but i think that zartman sort of accounted for my massive extracurricular and academic schedule and decided he didn't want me to tweak out and die.. because all of the other kids in jazz band do nothing but jazz band... at least im hoping thats why i didn't get into one, because otherwise.. i got beat by two sophomores.. not cool .. but thats life... gotta roll with the punches... oh well there is always jazz two...and maybe it was a blessing i didn't get into one... but anyways.... life is good and all... and im happy.... sort of... but thats all i  have to say for the one or two people who actually read my blog ... thanks for caring enough to read it...   Nate so .... maybe part of the reason i can't think straight lately and some of the reason im depressed... oh yeah... you guessed... i've got a cold or virus or some other really really untimely flu going around.... i wonder if i have an immune system anymore... because i ALWAYS get whats going around...my mom will tell me its all these stupid reasons... but i just think i am prone to getting sick no matter what... its always at the wrong time too... not when i have a day off... or break or something... its on the day i have about 3 tests...ones that im not prepared for .... oh yeah ... that was today... so i was ready.. last night.. but due to a combination of the fact that i went to bed at 1ish... but couldn't fall asleep til three and the fact that im sick... well... i forgot everything... lets just hope i have enough other points in all of my classes to buffer my grades....  anyways...its like 7 and you may never hear this again... but i think im going to do my math and go to bed in like an hour... it might be a new personal record...i haven't gone to bed before 11 in YEARS... so thats it... ill write later what if my life was a big joke if it was all a joke you see could it be that everyone's in on it everyone, everyone but me they'd turn on the t. v. and point and laugh sayin' look at that huge italian fatass he thinks he knows whats going on  but he scarcely has a clue he beats himself over stupid stuff and daily tweaks out during school his life is monotonous and dull he doesn't know who are his friends he tries to excel at everything, but always in the end hes beaten by other classmates who do nearly half the work and when he tries to talk to them they are complete and total jerks so if you are in on this big scheme try to not to tell me what is up because if this is all a dream sadly it might be worse if i wake up well....  i went to swing .... which was a complete waste of time.. except that there were these two kids who opened the stage door... so JT and i chased them around school... it was funny as hell... i think they were really scared... hahah.... besides that no fun at all... swing = highly homosexual... and it turns out im not going thrifting tomorrow after all... after all that talk.... but whatever....  i hate my life.... why can't it just be vacation time.... maybe thats it ... maybe i need to just get away.
KICK ASS... how cool is that ... really i love it... but then i think i did pretty decent on my physics quiz... which was a shocker to me ... because i have been kind of struggling... i dont feel like ive learned anything except for maybe 4 equations.. but i like the class... so anyways .. the rest of the day was good too.. i got out all my NHS app.
Well, there's things that never will be right I know, And things need changin' everywhere you go, But 'til we start to make a move to make a few things right, You'll never see me wear a suit of white.
like i was so far from the stage... A. i was nautious (sorry for misspelling) B. I could barely see/hear anyone.... hellish... so then we had to sit through some shitty speeches and i made some side comment to my neighbor... and was answered with a SHHHH!!!
But if I was wrong, Then I’m sorry, I don’t let it stand in our way.
that is what i'm doing now... really i can barely see what i'm typing b/c between my half shut eyes and blurry vision there's not much there......but oh well... ill check back later.... AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I HATE SCHOOL !!!!
after i did find out that he had gotten reamed out the night before .... so i know why he did it... but sucking up is a poor excuse for just sucking in general....so with that thought i am finished with this entry, although let it be known steve does not phase me he just annoys the hell out of me.... i am going to bed ... goodnight Two Songs i feel like from the eels album Shootenanny:  Agony:  Am I gonna be alright?
now normally i don't look forward to haircuts with excitement, but i feel like someone took a dog (the long haired kind) shot it and stuck it to my head........ the amount of hair on top of my skull is overwhelming..... im not used to it and can't wait to cut it all off..... with that said i am going to end this entry..... talk to you later RAPED!!!
....... i certainly hope you had a better day than i did...
Ahh....... Good Friday... technically it should not be good and all (seeing as Jesus died today) yet i can't help but enjoy myself.... i went to my grandma's as i always do today and stuffed my face full of as much bread, tuna, and elephant ears as possible... technically i shouldn't be eating in between today but my philosophy is if i never stop eating ill never be eating "in between"  ... lets see what else is on my plate... no pun intended... hmm..well i just got about 15 cds in from the library (if you are reading this lisl those were great recommendations... especially Mehldau) anyways so i should be busy for quite a while....i think i am going to sit down and relax now.. this may be the first time i have done it all week.... Blog the second (well actually third)..... uh well i went to school today.... same old crap... i wont bore any readers i may have... but the day really got interesting as the fight escalated over whether or not i should go to church with my family (its holy thursday) i said i wanted to hang out and i didn't even have to go because it wasn't a holy day of obligation.... then my mom pulled one of those really shady... "well you do what you want to ... but i would like it if you come"  .... looking to avoid more crap for the rest of my life i went...... turns out we left too early... church's at 7:30 not 7... great so i sat in church tweaking out with all of this pent up energy.... then mass began and i found myself between having too much energy and falling asleep ... it was quite a weird situation.... either way this could have been the longest mass in the history of mankind (it actually was over and hour and a half).... i felt like i was going to explode by the end... then finally we left... and i didn't even get a thank you for coming .... you know like, "nate.. you made the right choice..." not cool.... then i got bitched at .... i guess you could say im damned if you do damned if you dont!
....dammit.... fuck that..... i am sick of hanging out with couples.... why the hell is my life so crappy......i hope you had a better day than i did.... History Sucks my left nut.......... sorry... i don't have lots of time to update today .... so i am just going to say there will be future updates... be patient.... who am i kidding... brian is probably the only person who reads this... but for that minute chance that there are others.... don't worry ..... i will update soon well well well its been a long time since i last put in an entry.... right now im not depressed or feeling hopeless like i had been in the past... partly because school is out and partly because ive been having a good time... hanging out with people and sadly... yes you can make fun of me... reading harry potter.... i dunno... i just love those books... but yes i am in a hella good mood....so now i am going to sit back... relax and keep on reading harry potter... i have a ways to go... about 700 pages left.... hooee.... cya!
B. it was a little awkward with justin and jt hitting on cally more than i do... im just not like that but i didn't know what to do... yeah... im still confused about that... um.. the rest was fun... i totally sucked at poker... like blew HORRIBLY... i only won one round... yeah.. but it was really fun.. then i took cally home and we sat around the campfire with ashley buchanan... that was great too... ashley is actually a pretty cool person... im glad she doesn't hate me... haha.. long story... but thats about it for last night... im going to go to brunch with the guciks now... talk to you later...  -Nate :) yeah ... sat saturday... fun... oh wait no... hopefully ill be able to take it with Cally... at least well be able to laugh about how horrible we did after the fact... tomorrow we are going to go see harry potter and then saturday after SAT i think im going to go to Ashley Buchanan's graduation party with Cally too... it should be fun times... lately i am feeling so comfortable with her and everything seems to be working out... i would have never guessed things would work out like they have.. but i guess i had sort of low expectations for dating and life... well... anyways besides feeling extremely tired still... no thanks to staying up til two o'clock last night... i am feeling the best i have in a long time... not only am i relaxed... not stressed... and feeling generally healthy... (no sniffles or sore throats,etc.)
timeperiod which is hard to do with 5 hrs.
i try to be myself ... well i am... but its just not working.... this is not cool at all... i seem to have lots of friends who are girls... but its just that... friends... do i come off gay?
in .... but I would like it if they striked because i would have to do absolutely nothing... last time we had a strike... i did jack shit and it was sweet.... yeah.. but then there is my ap test in the spring and i dont want to get fucked over... so maybe a stirke isn't a good thing... hmm... i dunno... what happens happens... today was decent.... i was inside for band and all other classes required a minimal amount of effort... so i was happy ... yeah.... ok... i have to go do hw before i go to swing... swing..  fun times.. jk... im done  Nate whoa....... where did the weekend go?...
it was so fucking loud......... i was like come on i was only whispering to you... then later i tried one more time... i couldn't stand listening to Mr. Howard aka.
'Cause everyday I'm here All I feel is sheer Agony  Friends tellin' me that maybe I need Some psychiatric help Yeah, they're always so quick to tell you Just how to get on with it I look into the mirror And all I see is age, fear And agony  If I could just remember what is was like When I was younger Before all the joy and happiness Was replaced with hunger Now all I've got to show For the seeds that didn't grow Is agony  ......................................  Lone Wolf:  I am a lone wolf I always was and will be I feel fine, I am resigned to this I am a lone wolf I am a lone wolf  Got my cares Wrapped up all nice and neat In my suitcase I'll take it down the street To a place with plenty of space for me I am a lone wolf  I am a lone wolf It blows my mind That people wanna try to get inside my tired head I am a lone wolf I am a lone wolf  I am a lone wolf Nobody needs to get too close to me You'll only see this truth I am a lone wolf sick... that is what i am... of school... of band ... of life.. ugh... i am also sick and my week has been miserable... but nothing can go right for me lately... i cant just be sick...everything has to go wrong too... every night its something else.. not like i could handle it if was ok in the first place... but no it gets slapped in my face when im sick... sweet.. just great....my life is amazing .... and i was also reminded today that my love life is quickly flushing down the toilet... or at least any parts of it that ever existed when... someone in my grade was talking to a freshmen....frosh goes "you've had sex?!"...
haha just kidding.... so uh wow i'm finished with my homework and its not even midnight..... this could be a first.... but i have lots of other stuff to do .... so i still won't get to bed on time... we'll have to work on that.... hmmm what else.... i have a craving for orange juice... i'll be back Allright this is my first try with this..... so hold on ....... uh lets see today ... well it was very pointless.... i took a health test and a chem.
and fri..... i dunno why ... but it was kind of scary... all of the sudden simple things like making small decisions and shit was kind of hard.... and bigger stuff like doing homework was ridiculously impossible... i was also EXTREMELY moody... i dunno...  i felt trapped or something... it was fucked up.. i feel a little better now... partly because i took a mental health day on friday and didn't do much this weekend except go to that party.. which if you read my last entry didn't help my tweaking at all.. but yeah... ok i have rambled on for about fifteen minutes longer than i wanted to ... bed time... good night america.... yeah.... my life sucks.... i have basically given up on the idea of someone of the opposite sex being attracted to me... parties suck too... am i the only person in hudson who doesn't have a gf.... holy shit... my cousin claire gets more ass than me and that is an understatement.... hell even nick kokkinos ... my favorite pedophile child molesting greek has a gf... wow.... am i that unnatractive... do i have something repulsive about me... is my personality disgusting... what is it?
