Army War College Speech Gets Warm Reception From Last 28 Remaining Military Personnel in US      President Bush's 33-minute address at the United States Army War College yesterday was received with enthusiasm by the last 28 remaining military personnel in the United States.
Bush to Seniors:  Save, Damn You!
Genuine humanitarian intervention would often be a good thing.
The amendment has been successfully attached to the Foreign Sales Corporation bill, with support from Senators Campbell (CO), Chafee (RI), Murkowski (AK), Snowe (ME), and  Specter (PA) .
America has a long tradition of blackballing dissenters for lack of patriotism--and an even longer tradition of patriotism borne out of dissent.
Second, I am not going to moderate any of it.
And so I told them no way.
And his shoes, well, an Italian man wouldn't be caught dead in cheap footwear."
But before I could stabilize the situation my friend started interrupting with all these expensive ideas of his own, like whether she was dating anyone, or if she would ever date someone who wasn't Korean.
There was a bouncer at the door and the rest of us fine gentlemen; but thankfully there weren't too many of us, either.
Also there were many tunnels underground where the North tried to invade the South, even though the North says the South tried to invade them.
-  urlLink Ted Rall Remembering Reagan   Over the course of this week we'll be hearing a lot about Ronald Reagan, much of it false.
Would I run off and never tell me where I'm going?
7   At the same time, it's only natural to pick favorites.
Hearts and Minds   If there's one thing suggestive of a losing proposition in Iraq, it's been underscored by public reaction to US abuses of the prisoners in their care:  Americans have minimized the importance by framing it against their larger, noble purpose; while Arabs have carried it to the conclusion that the US is no better than Saddam Hussein.  "
$10 Billion Homeland Security Contract Goes To Tax-Evader    The parent company, Accenture Ltd., has an administrative office in Bermuda staffed by three to six people, said Roxanne Taylor, the company's chief of corporate communications in New York.
I have been in contact with an Air Force recruiter, who assures me that there is a new fast-track flight school program that will make use of my personal talents and aptitudes.
Conservatives traditionally have believed in the slow, organic growth of political institutions, not their imposition from without.
So what if the embrace was initially my own--a nervous reaction to doing anything in bed with a date?
Of these, poverty is by far the most popular today, and across all age groups.
