- The Recipients -  (disclaimer: The use of the word 'man' or 'men' is generic and is to mean all people regardless of sex)  So who would get the news first, men of science, the army, men of the cloth, politicians?
Hi there and welcome to my new Ufology blog.
Right now I don't have a very good setup for drumming and so I was looking at building a set of digital drums and was asking this chap at this store, that will remain nameless, if they had drum practice pads to make the trigger pads.
Well, since the implications are so wide-spread and all-consuming it's only logical to think the whole planet would convulse with the news.
I don't propose to be an expert in this field, but UFOs have been a hobby of mine for many years and the whole subject surrounding aliens and extra-terrestrial life has always held a fascination for me.
Do they expect me to buy or use a product from someone who uses the very delivery method that their product it designed to alleviate.
I just don't understand it at all.
I don't know, but of most of the music store clerks that I've met all but one has given me this feeling like they are all frustrate wanna be musicians that never made it and now are mad at the world.
- The Effect -   So the first question we would ask in our study of the ramification of the existance of extra-terrestrial life is how would it affect our planet?
Now I'm not against people having a good time and enjoying their weekends, but come on can they not slow down a bit.
We don't often see them here in Montreal especially in July, but there they are just outside my bedroom window.
Take for instance holiday weekends, just this past Canada day 16 people lost their lives in Quebec due to car accidents and this while supposedly enjoying a holiday weekend.
It has been quite the week for sightings.
"But I thought UFOs weren't real?"
Once established as truth and accepted worldwide, the wave of change would certainly start.
Figuring it was an airplane banking I waited to see if once it had banked I could see the unquestionable shape of an airplane.
This one however was unmistakeable as coming home tonight I saw the most splendid blue ribbons of the Northern lights.
However there are no runways pointing in the directions that the object was travelling.
I proceeded to carefully observe the object which I took to be an airplane that had just taken off from Pierre Elliot Trudeau airport further South from my location.
The news would be received with much skepticism as it should for something as astonishing as this, so it would take several weeks for it to sink in.
