Today I did not take on the world only to realize it wasn't the world at all, but a poisonous caterpillar that caused me to break on in song and change the world in ways I can not cope with and retain my sanity.
Today I did not celebrate my birthday by putting on a grass hula skirt and run up and down  The Strip while singing songs from Fiddler on the Roof in Sanskrit.
Today I did not skip on the trapeze while juggling watermelons for a crowd of angry and irate midgets.
Today I did not fire my secretary because she was unable to tie my shoelaces into magnificent ice sculptures.
Today I did not raise my war flag high as I sailed on the oceans of orange ketchup riddled with toxic raisins bent on my destruction.
This day I did not resist the urge to watch a British comedy filmed with American actors while creating a birthday collage of press-on nails, sea shells, and empty makeup compacts with fingernail polish.
Today I did not raise an unholy homeless army of vagrants and send them out to strike stink and bummery into the hearts of the streetwalkers under the slogan "If it ain't drunk, it ain't me!"
Today I did not blow away on the wind's of change only to find I'd left my wallet at home.
Today I did not die trying.
Today I did not fly into an electrical light meant to distract me from my tuberculosis ridden peanut butter target.
This day I did not not understand what the hell Dylan was talking about in his mentioning of  "Easterly" in a previous post.
Today I did not much of the possible, feasible, and the grey area in between.
Today I did not dramatically implicate my cohorts in a series of murders, larcenies, and jaywalking that ended in public execution for all but the most depraved lunatics found in the judicial system.
Today I didn't yodel the lyrics to "I'm too Sexy" while strapping a salami to my neck and running head first into a large mound of green jello.
Today I did not defend an assault to my honor with pistols, tuna, or purple.
Today I did not fly into an electrical light meant to distract me from my tuberculosis ridden peanut butter target.
This day I did not begin my training as new head blackberry picker for the Elysian Fields off of Highway 1 in Maryland for three dollars an hour.
Today, I did not capture a boat of illegal immigrants in the yaught I don't have and force them to harvest my fields of kiwi with nothing but their bare hands.
Today I was not sent up the river without a wombat.
This day I did not let the sand slip through my fingers, and instead I kept a bucket underneath my hands to catch the few balmy, beachy, peachy grains.
