Good thing that global warming is just some bogeyman made up by university professors with something to gain from it.
The Pentagon is no wacko, liberal group, generally speaking it is conservative.
And during all of this, where is our mighty free press?
Or, perhaps they don't actually exist, and there was an ulterior motive for this war.
What are they gonna think of us?'
"Vote freedom first" the republicans said.
Lester's disgust with the fact that he didn't get to show the world a veiw of the first bombs falling was palpable.
So we bumped Saddam out of Iraq and took over.
Not suitable for small children or people who think the war is going to help anyone.
Parade Of Assholes   urlLink Lycos News | House Clears 2004 Budget, Tax Cut Plan  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U. S. House of Representatives on Friday passed a $2.2 trillion federal budget projecting record deficits while paving the way for up to $550 billion in new tax cuts sought by President Bush.
I cannot support a campaign that runs a risk of dividing support for any Democrat candidate that has a chance of defeating George W. Bush.
Tom is the father of one of the children killed by assault weapons at Columbine.
Human life has no value at all to this sack of shit.
When we got out of the car, he introduced himself to me, and completely ignored my wife.
If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves."
Anyone remember when this war was supposedly about getting rid of Iraq's weapons of mass distraction er, distruction?
– Ronald Reagan, March 2, 1977 (Obviously speaking about himself) The best way to enhance freedom in other lands is to demonstrate here that our democratic system is worthy of emulation.
The Federal Minimum Wage is at its lowest value in constant dollars in almost 50 years.
They asked all of us to come party with them back at their hotel, which Arianna (my co-worker) was down with because she likes the way their songs talk about "smacking their hos".
Save yourself the effort of running a loosing re-election campaign; even the most namby-pamby of Democrats will be able to bury your sorry ass after this, and good riddance to bad rubbish.
