It appealed to him in a way that little else in school ever had.
She required no explanation for his need of secrecy, understanding his reticence even with her.
Week&nbsp;3     His parents' marriage, never the easiest of unions, took on an additional tension after his injury.
Nebraska had never told anyone, not even his mother, that whenever he had a moment of down-time he liked to jot down ideas.
How could Nebraska ever regret anything that caused such a miracle?
She was happy that her son had at last confided in her.
Besides, the old man now looked at his wife with a tentative respect that had never been there before.
He loved to read, had actually started when he was three, which pleased his librarian mother, even if his father had barely taken an interest, reminding them not to let the books get in the way of his athletic duties.
Her love of the English language was second only to her love for her son and both would ensure that she wouldn't let him live with illusions that might ultimately cause him disappointment.
Sometimes even lines that he heard as music in his head, so he called them songs.
After he had healed enough to go back to classes he realized that he had to find something to replace the credits lost due to no football.
True, her first instinct would be to protect her baby boy from any unkindness - even from herself - but, though she tended to be timid, Nebraska knew she would be gently honest with him.
Lucky for him it was close enough to the end of term that he could start up with a new subject with no lost time during the next term.
He felt bad for the renewed, if unspoken,  acrimony  that darted between his mother and father, but he honestly couldn't regret that barely conscious hesitation.
During the break he poured over the catalog, searching for something to take the place of football.
If his peers laughed at him - or worse, he wasn't any good - well, he wouldn't die from mortification.
He had always been afraid to tell anyone about these ideas or the 500 word essays and fiction he sometimes dashed off between classes or under his blanket in his dorm room.
First thing's first,  he thought.
Then he saw the description of the creative writing course.
As a consequence his hundreds of notebooks, filled over the course of fifteen years, sat unseen in boxes under his bed and in the attic where no one ever went except for him.
