And it struck me even more forcefully that beyond the difficulties of liberalness, the prospects for literate media—the Guardian being a writer’s paper—were, as everybody knew, nil.
after watching it, he says he was outside on his front porch looking down the row of perfectly aligned front porches and down a way... maybe 3 porches down, there was a full-grown person in a giant rabbit suit casually waving at him.
The Stinky Finger show was great, as always, and it was wonderful seeing everyone again.
Doing the hokey pokey with you and Donna and your two families: that was interesting.
(Sobs uncontrollably)     Snf.
urlLink  We've all been lied to.
My dad used to win some tacky stuffed animal for me at those booths.
“This is what America is all about,” Josh Gambrel, president of the newly organized campus Green Party, said in a pre-march rally at the ETSU amphitheater.
Robertson has made his decision, though.
Bill expanded on this theme by coining the acronym SNAG (Sensitive New-Age Guy), which really sent our tiny male kill-or-be-killed brains into fight or flight mode.
Seems like just about everybody I saw there has since either died, retired, or been re-discovered by Rick Rubin or somebody and is now playing the Knitting Factory.
Don't mean to turn this into a literary forum.
I still have 20 or 30 cassettes and many open reel tapes of our music; but that’s another story.
i had never heard of afganistan before... or i ran for that matter... but, as far as how this relates to our collective, we went to jonesboro days later that summer, and toured the sheriff england drugbustshopofhorrors and my cousin picked up this nice molded human skull with holes in the right places and turned, unwittingly to a plainclothes deputy and asked "how much do you want for this?"
We need to nip this in the bud.
The college I went to, Wheaton, was/is a Christian college, and students weren’t allowed to do the following: dance, drink, smoke, or have sex with anyone of either gender at any time other than within the context of marriage.
I guess people figure I stay on top of this shit and can lend some perspective to their anxiety.
Better yet, I'd love to see the greedy fuck forced to participate in snake handling in northeast Alabama.
STIR together yogurt and next 3 ingredients.
It really does not reflect well on the Democratic candidates that they're stooping to this kind of language."
