Now I'll leave everyone one with some final lyrics "Flake" Jack Johnson  I know she said it's alright  But you can make it up next time  I know she knows it's not right  There ain't no use in lying  Maybe she thinks I know something  Maybe maybe she thinks its fine  Maybe she knows something I don't  I'm so, I'm so tired, I'm so tired of trying   It seems to me that maybe  It pretty much always means no  So don't tell me you might just let it go  And often times we're lazy  It seems to stand in my way  Cause no one no not no one  Likes to be let down   I know she loves the sunrise  No longer sees it with her sleeping eyes  And I know that when she said she's gonna try  Well it might not work because of other ties and  I know she usually has some other ties  And I wouldn't want to break 'em, nah, I wouldn't want to break 'em  Maybe she'll help me to untie this but  Until then well, I'm gonna have to lie too   It seems to me that maybe  It pretty much always means no  So don't tell me you might just let it go  And often times we're lazy  It seems to stand in my way  Cause no one no not no one  Likes to be let down  It seems to me that maybe  It pretty much always means no  So don't tell me you might just let it go   The harder that you try baby, the further you'll fall  Even with all the money in the whole wide world  Please please please don't pass me  Please please please don't pass me  Please please please don't pass me by   Everything you know about me now baby you gonna have to change  You gonna have to call it by a brand new name  Please please please don't drag me  Please please please don't drag me  Please please please don't drag me down   Just like a tree down by the water baby I shall not move  Even after all the silly things you do  Please please please don't drag me  Please please please don't drag me  Please please please don't drag me down No Doubt, No Doubt Please Vote on My No Doubt Rocksteady Poll.
depends, but most likey medium rare steak.
:  *no clue i'd probably be hard to play.
Have you ever been in the opposite sex's bathroom?
Then eventually puts you to sleep.
Any other news I'm getting new frames for my glasses.
From her place to my school its like 28 mins.
How about I just spare the energy and hope someone takes off my head with a stick.
Threesome: Nevermore- ...and the softball of the week: What is it that you've tried that is on the "Nevermore" list?
This has been bugging me lately because this is all I hear about is 96.5 and some of the listener who decide to call into the radio station saying that we need our jobs or we need and alternative.
I find it really humerous.
My next appointment with the doctor is August 12th.
"Round Here" awesome song.
Then we can't find parking.
Well not much has gone on with me.
If you could invite any movie star to your home for dinner, who would it be?
I really do think something is wrong with my health, however I really don't want to have to go back to the doctor's office.
I couldn't breath and i kept sneezing.
So is the doctor saying I've had so much stress it has been causing this for the past 5 months!?!?!?!
We talk about it, it's creepy.
