&nbsp; I don't particularly find this a pretty and inviting world so for those reasons a child would not excite me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I am not proud of the world in which   we  &nbsp;live -- though my own personal home for a child would be quite good in comparison to most.&nbsp; I would enjoy caring for it and loving it - but there is so much more to it than that.&nbsp; Plus, my one dog won't let me have children, he'd be too intolerable and I'd risk injury -- and with that, I couldn't bring a child into this world until his natural life expires and at that time, I could be 45!&nbsp; I just   can't   make him pay the ultimate price.&nbsp; No way,  Hose !&nbsp; I am confident I would resent my child for it over the years.&nbsp; It's not a pretty situation so I might not even have that choice...   And then my vicious wacko neighbor keeps cutting more branches and shoving them into my bushes.&nbsp; Call me hot-headed but I am so sick of it, I have been digging them out and throwing them back at her.&nbsp; She only repeats and I do the same.&nbsp; I am sick of that beast.&nbsp; The other day I saw my pine tree from the lot line.&nbsp; It's a half-pine-tree.&nbsp; She has legally and within her rights, clopped off her half practically to the trunk which is near the lot line.&nbsp;&nbsp;   Ughhh...
What she doesn't know is we have some covert equipment coming!
Then there won't be a question of who.
No, instead they often fall in low-income areas where work for the educated family is hard to find.
You can destroy your neighbors property and get away with it.
Unfortunately, he had to drive an hour to work -- but he said that was a price he was willing to pay.
We live a  great life  because of it.
It drenched, and poured -- soaking everything.
com Article urlLink    My Sweet Pea   I adore her with all my heart and would do anything for her.
Someone with his first initial, middle initial and last name pops-up on the screen.
Then he came back again and starred  intently .
I get forwarded on to Credit Services and she checks out the information.
He was sitting there when the neighbor encouraged the widow's son to offer him a drink of water or ice.
My husband and I agreed that more money wouldn't make our lives richer in spirit but rather the time it would take to make it would detract from the quality of our lives -- and so we made this decision jointly.
I find great joy in photography.
My husband and I are taking some time off to enjoy life for a few days.
If I am in a crowd and I see injustice, I will stand alone against it unless I fear for my personally safety.
I did expect to get mad at all the lies, but I didn't expect to get  so upset .
While I am not religious, I grew more confident that there couldn't be a God to let things get  this  ugly.
That just doesn't appeal to me as healthy, I'm sorry.
