i asked my staff at quest church to blog and they have and i am the last of the mohican.
i had no idea what she was talking and obviously, in a certain extent, i will never but the absolute mystery and beauty of a child incubating in your wife's womb and then, to emerge, is simply and absolutely humbling and source of much revelation.
", or "Why did you plant Quest?," or "Why do you have a vision for planting new churches?'"
by no means is it perfect and free from hurt or growing pains but the closest thing to community for us.
exciting and humbling how god is unfolding the story of the community at quest.
the handsome part, i understand, because of minhee.
70,000 churches have closed down their doors in the past 20 years in North America.
and sure enough, was amazed to see  urlLink a picture and an article  about the church.
if there's ever a good excuse why one's been lagging in blogging, keeping in touch, flossing their teeth, doing their laundry, paying the bills on time, taking care of the weeds, blah, blah, blah, blah...i've got a legitimate reason.
anyway, went fishing with these men.
jedidiah young-heum cho joins us soon... the over-rated performer/writer/singer/poet who's still by far has more talent in her pinkie than i do in my whole life once responded in an interview with the  urlLink Rolling Stones  in this manner..."i'm just a person who is honestly trying to live my life and asking, 'How do you be spiritual and live in the world without going to a monastary?'"
from here on out, i will put the pressure of the world on this boy to live out my NBA dreams.
minhee and i gave birth to our third child on june 24th at 9.15 pm.
made fun of each other and as i see it, through our very lives and our commitment to live out those lives, learned how to be better fishers of people.
arrived into cannon beach today and hanging out here for a day.&nbsp; nice to have the kids walk around the beach; flew a $4.99 kite today.&nbsp; you get what you pay for.&nbsp; enjoyed the beautiful rocks along the beach.&nbsp;     &nbsp;  but why do people worship rocks and mountains when they can worship the living God that created all things?&nbsp;     &nbsp;  why?
joy to be in the midst of creation.
god needs to continue and i need to submit to the deconstruction of success in my mind.
is my life compelling others to examine their connection?
joy to be amongst god's creation.
and so when established churches and pastors keep asking me, "Why plant a new church?
