It's clear I don't have much job satisfaction at the moment, even though I'm good at what I do.. it's nothing to do with cash, I couldn't give a rats ass about the dosh, it's a long story, but at times things seem like a constant battle and I'm tired of that, even though I'm always the one that's eventually proven correct.
I think I'd rather listen to the fast food rockers for an entire day instead of the dragging 3 minutes of matainee.
I really want to post more on LJ in the absence of people, but i seriously don't like that place, because of this my entry yesterday ended up being vague.
I'm not confused, just, erm.. displaced i suppose.
Because of a certain issue regarding photos I found it very hard to get to sleep last night.
Work over, my attention transfers SOLELY to Gen.
In no way was this to do with the fact that we were right next to and had perfect view of her onstage quick change area, oh no no.
I've just gotta sort out the small things and try and keep things as cheap as possible so that it becomes affordable for Gen, because she will be gutted if it all becomes too expensive (and hence cannot go).
com  what do the cunts try and load via their websHite??
I shouldn't even be thinking about what's been and past, but it's always in the back of my mind.
Within an hour of booking the dates I got confirmation of the first band, how fuckin ace!...I won't say who just yet, not because I want to hold you in suspense (well.. ok..
I'm NOT FUCKING APOLOGISING FOR BEING WHO I AM, IF YOU DON'T LIKE THAT THEN JUST FUCK RIGHT OFF, OK??
hmmmmmm... a moment of inspiration that i just had.
I also have to say i totally have a crush on Alyson Hannigan.
Saw one lucky little kid upon her father's shoulders, first dancing and jigging to "getcha hands off my woman motherfucker" during the darkness, and then spotted again an hour later being treated to a bit of Gay Bar during the Electric Six set, now there's a heducation I wish I had recieved when icckle.
Instead the words hit me and I felt incredibly hurt.
whom i haven't seen in months.
Have been in a weird mood for no reason, I've been a bit snipey with people all day.
Essentially to complete the chores that have been burdened upon me, I will have to work outside of my current office, with the size of the role essentially this means that I'm being given a new job without any official promotion, consultation or evaluation.
JARETH:   EVERYTHING THAT YOU WANTED I HAVE DONE.
