But soon the fear of being too late at the archery meeting began to balance the dread of appearing in his stained habiliments; and he now as anxiously repeated, whilst the woman held the wet coat to the fire, "Oh, I shall be too late; indeed, I shall be too late; make haste; it will never dry; hold it nearer--nearer to the fire.
"So then the shooting is begun, is it?"
It is a great trust for so young a person as you are."
I'll not vote for shabby Wheeler!")
The glow of enthusiasm, the pride of virtue, which made our hero brave, could not render him insensible.
How happy are those who bid farewell to a whole family, silent with gratitude, who will bless them aloud when they are far out of hearing!
Cecilia was not disposed to be pleased with Louisa at that instant, for two reasons; because she was jealous of her, and because she had injured her.
Jem was not, however, a boy to be easily discouraged; he went to the rocks, and walked slowly along, looking at all the stones as he passed.
"No, brother," said Anne, "this is not the gentleman that was reading."
There is still something else meant; something which I cannot express--which, indeed, I never distinctly understood; but of which, therefore, I was the more afraid."
"What man in the mask, brother?"
said Rosamond, in a low voice; "what are you afraid of?"
Susan did not like to part with her honey, because her mother loved it, and she therefore gave Betty but a small quantity.
When he got to the stable a black cloud was just passing over the moon, and it was quite dark.
"My dear uncle, but I assure you," said Hal, earnestly, "there's no judging about the matter, because really, upon my word, Lady Diana said distinctly, that her sons were to have uniforms, white faced with green, and a green and white cockade in their hats."
Sometimes she saw her in the neat garden raking the beds, or weeding the borders; sometimes she was kneeling at her beehive with fresh flowers for her bees; sometimes she was in the poultry yard, scattering corn from her sieve amongst the eager chickens; and in the evening she was often seated in a little honeysuckle arbour, with a clean, light, three-legged deal table before her, upon which she put her plain work.
When they were all safely lodged in the county gaol, he sent for Brian O'Neill and his father; and after thanking them for the service they had done him, he counted out ten bright guineas upon a table, and pushed them towards Brian, saying, "I suppose you know that a reward of ten guineas was offered some weeks ago for the discovery of John Mac Dermod, one of the eight men whom we have just taken up?"
When Edmund came, he helped them to move the great stone from off the poor animal, who was crushed so as to be a terrible sight.
A few moments ago he had admired his own generosity, and though he had felt the injustice of others, he had not accused himself of any.
Don't be in a passion, Archer."
