Deeply did he repent his foolish wish.
He gave back the throne with all his heart, and King Cherry ruled again, with Zelia for his queen.
This made the poor Fir very unhappy indeed, and it said, sadly, "Yes, you are right.
said the little Jackal, vacantly.
Directly the Giant-Maidens were brought before Frode, and before they had rested after their long journey, or satisfied their hunger, he bade them go to the mill, and grind for him gold and peace and happiness.
"Little Half-Chick, little Half-Chick," said the Wind, "when I was in trouble you would not help me!"
The sexton did not know that he had ever seen him before, but he looked long after him, wondering at his wildness and his haste.
When he had hoppity-kicked a good way, and was near Madrid, he came to a clump of bushes, where the Wind was caught fast.
The Tiger sprang, but the Brahmin spoke very quickly,-- "Oh, but this is only the second, Brother Tiger; you promised to ask five."
Then the great war came, the Civil War.
By the time he got home there wasn't anything left but a fistful of crumbs.
Then some pretty ladies, with white caps on their heads and white aprons over their blue dresses, came bringing little parcels.
The old sexton heard some one shouting and pounding in the church, and thought it was some drunken vagabond who had stolen in during the service.
Whenever he was crossed, or could not have his own way instantly, he flew into a passion.
People kept coming to look at the trees and to take them away.
"Anything that you will do, I will do," said the tailor.
On the day of their home-coming, there was a special service in the royal church, and even after the service was over for the people, the monks held prayers of thanksgiving and praise.
And don't you go see your Auntie, neither.
They had a ladder from the floor to the loft, and on the ladder they tied a vine all the way up to the loft, to look like the wonderful beanstalk.
I will tell it to you now, and then you may learn it, to say for yourselves.
