The handle turned easily and the door seemed eager to usher me through to the next Circle of Heck, and as I stepped through the doorway my anger and frustration grew with what met me... ########## The warming of cold steel in my hand makes me think of ice cream.
"Welcome to Heck, my friend.
"Welcome to your new home for the foreseeable future.
I pulled the hammer back on my pistol as Rize closed his eyes.**BANG!
I feel sorry for him too but, really, he was a puppet.
Before him lay four scenes that captured the deaths of his League of Light family; Lizzy Liberty, Captain Cooperation, Win-speration and The Truth.
Even the air felt stale and bored.
The headlamps fix on the road ahead and I circle my next destination; Ike Iceman and the Indiana Invincibles.
Heck is a spiritual place, like Heaven, Hell and Purgatory, however you have been neither very good, very bad, nor have you done anything to warrant needing purging of your previous sins so that you may enjoy the eternal paradise of God's Kingdom.
not a place.. for murderers.. unforgivable sins.."  I was incensed.
The ache of bones that had spent the last 27 days on a violent, murderous rampage, the fiery holes of flesh ripped open by gunfire, and the sickening desire to hurt others was all swallowed whole by nothing but black.
This exact point is me, Orin, standing here in the desert, pistol in hand and holding it to temple of Rize Righteous.
"I've tuned in again on what's happening immediately around me.
"With a gesture to the space behind him, a grey door appeared from thin air - closed.
I would have to suffer His true existence for all eternity, stuck in a place of grey annoyance, forced to suck it up like a grateful dog that should be happy it's not Hell.
He and I have been together for nine months now and, before that, I knew of him as Bad Brinn the Bastard.
"I reply, letting the flaming photos fall to the dirt and tumble away in the slight breeze.
My purpose is to welcome you here and send you on your way.
"I felt a pang of sympathy for Mr Righteous.
Thus, Heck is a place by which if you suffer the moderate but constant inconveniences that exist within it, you get to stay here in perpetual frustration.
