They were friendly, but like all of the other accounts, they couldn't get anywhere with the information I had.
I grabbed my laptop and started looking online.
Back at home, my heart racing, my ears still ringing from the gunshots.
I never bothered picking up the research again, but from time to time I still like to imagine - who was the mysterious Goat man from the .cx website?What information did they have?Would I have even cared if my wallet wasn't stolen?I think I'm better off having not chased down that hole.
I unscrambled the link, entered it into my browser, but was met with the familiar HTTP Payment Required error page and the dollar sign instead of the little padlock.
I found a cryptic post where someone was posting what mainly looked like gibberish, but I noticed the telltale "h, t, t, p, s" of a hyperlink in odd places and misspellings near the start of the post.
That put my research at a dead-end that night.
I went to the police first.
After a few hours (and an episode or three of something on Netflix in the middle), I felt like I was making some progress.
I quickly found reports that sounded similar.
I didn't have Paypal any more after they got priced out of the market for their bandwidth, I'd have to wait until I could get my card numbers reissued.
Let's just say I didn't hang around to chat.
I'd never been mugged, and I didn't like the feeling, not even if it was unexplainably crazy.
The motive was a mystery, and the more I thought about it the more it nagged at me.
A lot of noise, mind you, but the ones that went down eerily like mine started happening a month or two ago.
I went straight for my wallet, and... it wasn't there.
I was paying my ISP for unlimited channels, but this domain seemed to be hosted somewhere serviced only by Christmas Island, and I had to pay them directly to transit their network.
I knew I should report it to the police, but what do I say?The thing was ripped to shreds, it's not like he was stealing anything, and he didn't really look like he wanted a reason to shoot me.
I took a shower, and started making something to eat.
What was that guy on?Did he think he was helping me?I felt violated.
