This place seemed to hold an endless amount of suprises.
No one really knows how long he was here, but King Arthur said he was already there when he came.
Looking at his sad face I finally got it: It was Hemingway!A very, very drunk Hemingway.
Suddenly, a familiar looking old man that I couldnt quite identify came rushing towards us, carefully trying not to spill whatever was in the in the 2 glasses he was holding.
Hasnt moved one inch since I came here.
He raised his hand, and in doing so dropped one of the glasses he was holding.
Einstein laughed out loud:Theres no time for eating when you meditate all day.
Einstein just nodded, as if it was the most normal thing in the world.
Might write another part, but at the moment I just cant think of any more references to throw into the story.//
Newton defied his own theory by not reacting at all to Einsteins words.
I shook his hand and he offered the remaining drink to me: Care for a martini?Dont tell Nietzsche though, he always gets mad when he sees us drinking!
&#x200B;  // I just couldnt think of all those poor souls waiting to die, so I decided to make a comedy out of it.
Stuck in an afterlife with all famous souls?Great!But what was I doing here?I mean, I was just an average scientist that published some papers about stem cell research...wait...maybe this one thing was more important than I thought... Einstein interrupted me again:See, that guy over there under the tree, thats my friend Newton!He still sits there everyday, thinking hell come up with something great.
I turned around and couldnt believe my eyes: Was that Einstein?Before I could think any further he grabbed me by the shoulder and started walking while chatting in the most cheerful way:I know what you want to ask, yes Im Einstein and all this here is...well... some sort of afterlife or purgatory, and we are probably stuck here until our name is said for the last time, atleast thats what Sokrates thinks.
I really imagined dying to be a more spectacular or dramatic thing.
Maybe I was just dreaming, but some thought in the back of my head, clearer than any thought I ever had, told me I was dead.
I realized some other, very slim person was sitting under the tree aswell: Who is that?, I asked.
Truly fun to write, thank you for the inspiration.
But lets go faster, you still have to see a lot!
Wait, King Arthur was real?
