"Because to do anything else means that the child died for nothing.
"The memories come, and through sheer will I hold them back, describing them while refusing to let them carry me away into a deep dream.
"I could not see within the glass, and perhaps I did not need to.
The ridge that housed the bunker managed to protect the suit from severe radiation.
Can you please explain it to me?It is my hope that we can apply second-state logic to begin identifying the triggers that slip you into third-state.
"I had put the loss of my family away into second-state reverie because there was nothing I could do.
This, is where we can begin."
I haven't coughed this hard since the Forever Rite for Xerian and my spawn.
It is clear that loss is integrated with what you found on," and here it pauses to check its screen, "Earth?Such a weird name--do you agree?You would think there would be thousands of different names for their home world based on all the cultures we know about, but it's always 'Earth', or 'Terra'.
"I pause to answer, and this time the quisitor lifts its mottle to interrupt me.
To delve so deeply into a memory is a failure of one kind, but this!This cannot stand!How can I hope to return to first-state lucidity and my work if my mind traps me within waking dreams?The quisitor is attractive, with a velvet thorax that gleams scarlet under the fluorescent lights, just like that of my mate, Xerian.
"You will call me Belshia.
This is the only time I have claimed my rank with it; I am content to let it drive the remainder of our time together.
"As it pleases me, I am not a Mannaseraie in this room," I say.
"The quisitor runs its mottle down its thorax as an indication of second-state abstract thinking, and I hope it doesn't notice my spirules expand just a little.
"The solar radiation and engulfment by Earth's star in its red giant phase burned away everything else.
"I swallow, air pushing down my spiculae and removing the globs of spittle that surge up when I'm stressed.
We know now what the humans did, what their wars and their hopes and dreams were.
It was the greatest historical find in all our history--in all that is perhaps of the universal continuum.
"Belshia, my query is this--when you found the probe of the First Ones, and it led you to their home planet, what did you see there that unsettled you?What did you see that has caused you to have problems with maintaining first-state lucidity?
