"Yes, did you find Humanity worth sparing for another hundred years?
Frank looked at me knowing something was up, but I tapped the table telling him to act cool.
I blinked when I saw his age.
Like I said, you learn some interesting things as a bartender._______  One day, an older fellow, looked about 40-50, dressed dapperly, walked in.
Funny thing about names though, my power sees people's nicknames, so I don't rely on that, not to mention it weird people out when I mention their names without knowing them.
This is usually the code for undercover cop.
About the time the factory workers get off and start filling in he bids adieu and leaves after tipping his bowler hat.
My bar isn't a big bar or a hotspot for college so we don't really need bouncers, my partner, Frank is intimidating enough to keep riffraff from starting.
Those were my last words, until another hundred years pass, I will remain in heaven doing my duty, then I will live again on Earth to make sure humans are still worth saving.
He left a generous tip, $500 was left for a bill of $25.___  Over the next year he became a weekly regular, but always dodged personal questions.
I don't have a family so I leave it all to Frank.
"I reply with just as much heartiness in my voice.
*Thats about 22 thousand years!
Thomas was his known name, but his family name isn't in any language used by humans, it looked like a pair of angelic wings.
If their surname matches and they look Korean, and the ID looks like them, and isn't obviously fake, then I let them drink.
""No problem, I just need to see your ID.
"Yes, even though they have killed so many of themselves, again, I still love them as my creation.
When they are born, they are already 1 year old and then upon their new year, they reach 2 years old, so if someone was born the day before, upon New year they would be 2 years legally without living a fill 24 hours.
"Well you can never be too certain, especially with the drinking laws getting stricter this year.
You find out some interesting things as a bartender.
