"*An exotic home under the ice*" they said.
Where were the magma tubes the geologists promised to help turn their cold little hole in the ground into a cosy home?Where was the underground lake they were so sure must be under such a thick layer of ice?How could there not be a living underworld here, caves of edible creatures and plants that they believed underlaid the whole world?They seemed to stretch on forever in the depths under his old mountainhome, but here in this Armokforsaken place they'd found nothing but ice and an endless sea of rock.
How bad could it be, really, with a belly full of ale?There was shouting now.
"*You'll find riches in the untouched Earth*" they said.
Then, louder, the distinctive voice of Mayor Amkin.
It's warm here, he thought.
The booze had ran out yesterday, and already the fort was in disarray.
Outside it he never quite lost the sense of chill this place had - knowing he was only a dozen blocks away from the largest ice sheet he had ever seen somehow dampened the heat of any fire and the comfort of his furred clothes - but here in his warm bed, in the stupor of sleepiness, he clung to the only real sense of true warmth he could remember since he arrived here.
Whenever he felt the cold fist of reality closing in there was always a barrel of dwarven ale or river spirits from the supplies to ease his mind.
Then abrupt, unnatural silence.
They were just meant to drink and *get on with it*.The shouting reached a crescendo, and was suddenly replaced by a blood-curdling, gargling scream.
His head started to throb.
Urist held his breath and pulled the covers closer.
Dwarves weren't meant to feel this way, to worry about their lot in life, to bicker and fight when they could be working towards their future, to feel the sheer existential dread of knowing they were trapped in a harsh world full of horrors both mundane and miraculous.
He was used to just getting on with things, the realities of his harsh life fading away into the usual fuzz of routine.
He grimaced anyway, somehow aware he was on the verge of a splitting headache that would make itself known at the slightest provocation.
Urist could pick out some of the words now, a rambling tirade about how none of this was his fault emerging from the cacophony.
He decided his best course of action was to stay in bed.
Instead all they found was granite, basalt, and a few meagre streaks of coal and hematite, under more ice than he thought existed in the world.
Urist was startled awake by the sounds of screams from outside his room, mercifully dampened by distance and the heavy wooden door that lead into the living quarters passageway.
