But yet... that was distinctly a flag pole.
None of my crew-members had been out this way.
Unable to breath, unable to move, it felt like I was being compressed into a marble and torn into a billion pieces at the same time.
At the base of the flag was a black cube, about a foot each dimension.
I placed my hands where the outlines were on each side, and as I did, my head exploded.
There would be no second chance, we were already living it.
But I now understood the truth... the Soviets had won, and they had won by silently backing down for the good of humanity.
War that was so engrained into the minds of the Martians and the Utopians, that they did not know another existence.
Over time, Mars would become more heavily populated.
Rocks and dust everywhere.
You know that feeling you get, when you think you're alone, head down, bumming along doing your own thing, when you suddenly realise someone's been there the whole time, watching you?It's a jump, a kick-start, a burst of adrenaline... your whole body saying "something's not right, be on guard".You immediately begin to second guess you actions, what was I doing, how did I miss them, what are their intentions?It's a deep, primal, animalistic response to being startled.
Over time, humanity had reached the point of being able to visit the other two worlds, and had begun to establish small colonies for research.
The remnants of humanity that were able to escape Mars left for Earth, and left behind the cubes as a reminder of what once was, and a warning that there were no more second chances.
The event lasted for what seemed like a lifetime, and then... it just stopped.
I think I did a double-take.
Red and black and brown, endlessly in all directions.
At this point, I really should have radioed into my team to tell them what I had found.
War that was taken to such extremes, that when the Utopians began the irreversible process of syphoning Mars' atmosphere, the Martians blew up Utopia.
I knew why the cube was here.
I shouldn't have touched the box.
