He said my mum was found going off on people at the station after the platform had closed and they don't know if it's safe to get into contact with her.
!And Ron, and Hermione, and Ginny, and I think I saw Draco!I didn't get an autograph because we had to get on train, but I'm still so happy!And now I'm sitting with a Hufflepuff!He said he knows he's going to be one because his whole family has been Hufflepuff, and he told me not to worry about not knowing because each house is amazing!I like him, I think his name's Dean, but he's not related to Dean Thomas, but he did know who Dean Thomas is and said his mother knew him too!He got chocolate frogs and gave me one because I only had muggle money, it's like Harry and Ron.
They said they don't know what to do and that a trial may have to be held to find my mum's intentions and whether I can attend Hogwarts so I'll get a date for the trial and be sent home for a while until then and then they'll come and get me, and the auror guy told me to let mum know that I will have to attend the trial and they will get me there by any means.
I think he means Ms. Jones because she's the only one that has keys to the house to do something like that and she's with mum a lot.
My name got lost or something and it caused and uproar.
I told them mum sent the acceptance letter in and that I was supposed to get my stuff after everyone else because she didn't know the way to Diagon Alley.
Headmistress McGonagall said she knows my name was written in the book of students accepted into Hogwarts but that nothing ever indicated I agreed to attend because she didn't receive an owl by July 30-something.
McGonagall told me there were multiple ways to get me there and said something seems "suspicious.
There's a sign that says "Looking for potion maker for blood-coughing" that's really torn on the top, a prefect came by and got really angry when he removed it and asked if I saw who put it up so I think that's why it's torn.
"She asked if I want to attend Hogwarts and I told her with all of my heart.
Mum made me my favorite breakfast!She mentioned my favorite dinner too and I got confused, but then she explained she meant at Hogwarts and she got all red in the face.
The entrances have been edited and time-stamped for the purpose of legibility and understanding.
I think she thinks I'm like Colin Creevey, but he actually turned out to be cool!And look at Luna!I want to be like them!We leave in about twenty minutes, I've been watching my favorite Disney movie before we go since I won't get to see anything else until Christmas break.
I'm starting to feel a little tired.
So what happened?I wasn't sorted because of it and McGonagall has me staying where there's an extra bed in the Gryffindor girls' dorm.
Please have reviewed the copies before then.
If she's upset the food there will be better than hers, she has nothing to worry about!Not even magic can beat her food!She told me I should stop writing because I'd be upset about it later and didn't explain why.
She tried to give me a fake wand but I knew it wasn't real!She said I was smart for knowing the difference and that it would just be for the pictures before I board the train, and none of the other wizards would see because it would be outside the station.
I think I'll sleep      (1st of September, 2017)   I didn't get a lot of sleep but I'm not tired.
The original text will be presented along with Miller's acceptance letter during the trial date.
