You wont..  {Noticing Lus disappointment}  Im sor...(interrupted)  I saved you...  (Timed) Yes sir.
This is a dream, by the way.
}{Waldos home: Waldo sleeps, as he turns over to his right side, dreaming of the solution -  a sudden revaluation wakes him, as he quickly rushes to his desk to write the problem that had been plaguing him, preventing him from attaining Immortality.
But besides that youll want to hear my offer.
Me casa is su casa, so long as you obey me, AND FIX THAT GOD DAMN HOT TUB!Yes sir, sorry (Interrupted)...  Never mind that now, fetch me my Unicorn, I have to speak with someone about a deal.
(The Devil) A God  Thats what I said.
(D) yes, no one stiffs me...   (W) what?!!
(Waldo looks himself up and down in the mirror)  You Really think so?Yes.
(Interrupted)   (G) yes well you may be immortal, your son is not, bnoty the way youre in a comma.
(G) cant, made one with lu - pertain to you.
(Its Waldos Wife and kid.
(W) then lets go back In time - please!
(She place her infant son firmly on the sofa as she gets up to fix something off with his tux - her son crawls off the sofa exploring in the background)  Nervous.... really nervous, wanted some cold water waiting for me in my room but managed to get melted ice with water bottles that were Luke warm water...   (Looking at the Water  bucket with warmed pool of water, sitting at the edge of the table)   (Flora walks over, bumping the table, pushing the bucket closer to the edge.
(The Devil) Look, Ive come to make you a deal, well I guess another deal.
Thats ok, so their is a God?
{Hell - All While...}  Who the F*** does he think he is... Faust?No, Im not having this.
Thats ok.   (The Devil to God) Well, their you have it, he declined my offer.
(G) well if you were a god, youd know thats impossible - time isnt liner, plus Im not Superman Im God!
(G) but your son on the other hand was a few months away from the medication fully adapting completely to him.
{The two share an awkward stare, before Calminte poofs  away - Devil looks back to the portal of Waldo now in the shower}   If he wants to make this a joke, and stiff olLU, then by all means - give me the Stiff - (Starring at him shower intently)  {A Few Months Later - Waldos dressing room}  (A knock - door opens)   Staff - 5 Mins until youre up.
