Eventually I found myself in a fairly poor residential neighborhood where a number of kids were playing in the street.
Over the next few weeks, I would find myself following the green line more and more.
For the first week or so, I just tried to ignore them and act like they didn't exist.
The red line lead directly up to one of the kids, a scrawny little girl sitting on the curb watching the others play.
Recently though, it had started to get monotonous, and I had occasionally stopped following the green line for a change.
Today, with my husband away on a business trip and nothing important to do, I decided to follow the red line for the first time.
Now, in my mid-twenties I must have saved over fifty human lives and over a hundred pets all while creating an amazing business, meeting the love of my life, and have a wonderful time.
I stood in there in confusion for a minute before I noticed the red line had started to fade, and I could barely see it anymore.
I looked up and without even realizing what was happening, caught what had to be one of the fattest cats I'd ever seen.
While the red line had always been there, I had ignored it for the most part, mostly because it rarely went in the same direction as the green line did for more than a block or two.
As I was standing there somewhat stunned by what just happened, a harried looking woman ran out of the apartment building and nearly bowled me over.
No one else seemed to see the lines, and if I followed one for a few steps, it would start disappearing behind me.
As she stopped to see if I was fine, she noticed the cat still in my arms and breathed a sigh of relief.
I thought I was going crazy, that it was just some weird hallucination brought on by the stress.
Its been over ten years since I started seeing the lines.
The lines I had somehow handed off to someone who needed them more than me.
Unlike with the green line, nothing seemed to come of it for a long time.
A few minutes later, while walking down a sidewalk outside of a ritzy apartment complex, I heard a cry of alarm from above.
For the past year, my life had been going downhill.
Every time something good would happen, either for me or for someone else because I was there.
