Seeing our fellow Americans dying around us caused a serious change in our attitude towards war.
The walls are finally down, and we look into another country for the first times in many of our lives.
Unfortunately here in the United States, we had to put down quite a few rebellions in a very short time, due to the Isolation.
Mexico wasnt the only country there to greet us however.
Here in 2090, we understand true loss, and how much it impacts Americans.
They had intended to destroy us after we opened borders, but they didnt get very far.
We lost millions due to high-yield nuclear weapons that some military factions got a hold of, but we have made ourselves a better country for it.
There hundreds of sullen looking riot police staring right back at us.
The old aggression of the United States came back with a roaring fury after the revelation was given to us.
The combination of anger and hatred for being tricked fueled every American into fighting back, and it became America against the world, and we won.
Our extreme aggression, as shown in WWIII as many see it to be, has been for the most part cleaned out of our system.
The rest of the world had lied to us.
With the walls coming down on the Mexico-America border, it seems like you can hear the cheering of every person in the United States, and the energy and anticipation of what is in store.
I wasnt alive for WWIII, but Ive learned the - obviously - American version of the war.
I plan on making my first time out of the country as soon as possible.
However, we sustained our own losses as well.
Im excited to see whats in store for us as the internet is reopened to the entire world.
The biggest thing to remember is that, America had only had one other war on their soil before, and that was hundreds of years ago.
We fought throughout South America, Asia, and Europe, while we made sure the United States itself was untouched.
Within months, the United States government had decimated billions of acres of land all across the world.
