My, many thousands of great, grandfather bought a little deed from a fake star naming company that claimed he owned it.
"Well, what a nice story Thomas, What does the Galactic Union think about your little slice of paridise you have here?
"Anyway his last will and testament said that I now owned this star and that maybe I can do something with it.
As soon as she left I cried.
"Born just last month" She sits down, some sort of plastic cup in her hand "I used the stopwatch you gave me to see how late you were this time"  "Well, sorry, I had somewhere to get to"  "And you have a time machine, you should never be late" She chuckles in the small, sweet way only she could.
The robber, the ambush, three years ago and she doesn't even know.
"She said, taking another sip   "Yeah, Yeah, I'm.....Just feeling under the weather"  I struggled to hold back tears welling up in my eyes.
########## "Oh come on with this stupid password crap," She says trying to sit down.
"I make my own laws and people abide by those laws and that's all I do"   "Interesting" Again with that word "Well I would love to ask you more questions about your little system here.
"Flash forward to 6509 only about a hundred years ago when an excavation team was going through old earth rubble and happened upon a safe, my grandfathers safe.
We are here on the single Terra-formed planet with the leader founder and king.
"But you want to know how I got around to owning an entire star"   I take a deep breath and look straight at the camera for a second "It all started back in 2017 in human time, before we even left our home planet.
It was not her fault she triggered the memory, it's still so vivid.
The cameras where rolling in a few seconds and my tie was wrinkled.
I held her bloodied dying body in my hand, and here she was alive and as sweet as ever.
"Oh, I should go, I don't want to get past sick, you saw how well that worked out during the black plague" She took out her backward watch again and smiled and waved to me as she disappeared and her image faded out.
After about 28 seconds it came flooding back.
I heard someone mention dog, connecting my dog back in Greece, talking to Aristotle finding treasure.
"I chuckle a bit "What are you hoping to find?No, they finished up an ocean just a few hundred miles south of us, we could check on that" I press the button encased in my hand, almost invisible to the human eye.
"I keep up my small sincere smile and lean back in the chair giving me a relaxed look "Technically it's not an intergalactic empire, That would only be true if my territory expanded between two galaxies.
