Mrs. Wilson, upon seeing this expression, of course assumed she was right, no matter what the boy said next.
His low ranking made no sense, and most people didn't understand it, which caused people to wonder about how well John treated George.
His father then disappeared on a trip for a few days, and during this time his ranking skyrocketed.
She smashed the mug on the floor.
But when he got home- this was when George became confused.
George's Mom had a massive fight that night with John, and when George got up the next morning, John was gone.
His father woke up late on the day of the change, so he didn't have a chance to do anything to stop people from seeing his ranking... and it was a pretty low ranking.
His Mom even reassured George that it was probably nothing related, and that the proper ratings had just come through while he was away.
He's so happy to have his father back- and so am I. XO, love Ruby".He showed it to his mom, and he had never seen her go so pale.
George only saw John again when he came to collect his things, and George's mother refused to let them talk to each other.
George didn't understand, he saw less and less of John and felt John had become a worse dad.
The rest of his day followed the same pattern.
John had seemed to be avoid the world in the days following the Mug Mishap, always looking extremely guilty to George.
Months later, George's Mom found John's old mug, left behind.
George couldn't understand it.
She would be sure to recall later to her video chat knitting circle how teary-eyed the boy became upon asking this question, and how she always suspected John was actually a horrible person ("You never see him at church, either!What can you expect from someone who doesn't respect God?
Everyone seemed so much more happy, and proud of John that no one inquired what he did on his trip.
George grew so excited that he bragged that his father was going to bring him home a great new gift.
The mug now looked like how it did the day it was bought- it now said #1 Dad on it.
Several days before John's mug showed a leap in ranking, John became much more active then he had been since the rankings came out, he went out and started buying toys for a child that was much younger then George.
