I would always lead them if they were good, or evil, a man, woman or child.
You can take that for what it is worth though considering that whilst alive you did not know of death, who is to say there isn't another plane after this one.
It seems that humans in general has started to bypass that Primal greed that has plagued us for all of time.
To change that inherent Greed for self-fulfillment Above All Else.
The reason I do what I do is not because I was the first to die, but that I was the first to travel through death to safety.
This time, to the best of my knowledge, is a true death.
"I was the first human to die".Even I thought that for a short time.
I was never a judge to any of them.
The millenia of work has been a great one, but it can be lonely at times not completing the path I guide so many through.
It was however, not the case.
I was skeptical at first but have found the need for my guidance to be less and less.
Instead of learning to avoid the horrors that live and hunt the souls on their way to the afterlife they have helped build walls and machines and maps that basically automate the process and ensure the safety of each Soul without my guidance.
Utilizing some of the same knowledge and Technology the few of you that have decided do you stand by my side in this new plane have started to conquer it in the same manner that you did the plane of the living.
I have been doing it for so long I cant remember my own life from before.
From my understanding humans are the top of the food chain, the apex predators, so much so that more and more of you has started trying to change how ravenous you are.
In the living plane those dangers can lead to injury or death which brings you here to me.
There has never been a soul that has offered to stay and help me in my quest.
I did however always have a soft spot for those who were "good".I found the longer I reside in this plane the more power and knowledge I obtain.
I guess the living knowledge has gotten to a point where there is little that they fear from simple nature.
I just remember the desire to help others make It through.
