People were smiling again, and not like the fake smiles they put on because they didn't know what else to do, the looked normal.
I just stood there, shocked.
She described a vast, stretching and totally barren wasteland, with no warmth or happiness.&#x200B;  Nothing.&#x200B;  Apparently this idea was romantic enough to send the whole world into a frenzy, with people trying to find a way to slow it down, even stop it entirely.
Shocked that it was all over, that they were finally all saved.
Moving from town to town, only leaving once I'd cleared out the area.
My pace picked up and I slammed into the man's back and sent my dagger through the back of his neck, I stood up and turned to the woman only to pause for just long enough for her to get out of reach.
But people decided to finally listen to her after her 50-something-th correct prediction in a row, and good thing it was now too.
What I saw was a vast, stretching and totally barren wasteland, with no warmth or happiness.&#x200B;  Just me.&#x200B;  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  First time trying something like this and I don't write really either, let me know what you thought!
It was at that point that I found it, I knew this was humanity's last chance and that it was my responsibility to give it to them.
I killed 12 in the first day, my conscience couldn't handle the idea of killing others, even if it's for their own good.
It all started with a fortune teller on international TV.
I threw up 7 times that day and, at one point, I was so weak from the shock that one of my targets actually overpowered me and ran away.
I'd take some supplies and move on to the next town, quietly and efficiently  I started learning to scope out the people I saved for a little while, it made the actual event easier and quicker.
She didn't say anything as my knife plunged into her chest and she slumped to the floor.
Apparently she'd made some crazy claims, like, abnormally crazy.
It was the fortune teller, she'd been alive all this time, running from me.
All that kept me going was the promise that I would save them all, and then join them on the other side.
A few towns over from that realisation I noticed a postman, a real postman doing a real job.
People rarely acted out of suit for this new culture we'd built ourselves, but after a while, I'd noticed something had changed.
The prediction this time was for global apocalypse.
