Even without working I am guranteed 3 warm meals a day, which are filling and positivily delicious.
While these tantalizing perks of the prison catch my eye, in only further tangles the yarn ball that was once  my train of thought.
The life of luxury will not be enough the calm my curious mind, or distract me from the very reason I was put here, or rather the lack their of.
Am I not the only one who could see other's luck rating?That would be the logical conclusion, seeing all these people blessed by fortune, sharing the same binds as one another.
Instead of an oppressive cage built for the filth of society, it resembles more of a hotel.
No one could complain about being here, it's a utopia!No one, except me.
This was far from a fortunate happenstance, obviously.
Further down the hall, I catch the inviting smell of fresh cakes and other sweets, which I figure originates from the cafeteria.
Why is it that security is so tight, when the prison itself is rather lax?Only then does realiziation hit me like a piano attop a cartoon character's head.
I pass by game rooms and swimming pools, all with the prisoners smiling and at peace.
The prisoners are woken up at 7 AM on the dot, daily, and we are required to verify our person at the door by checking our fingerprints, only after are we allowed out of the cell.
As I pass by, my eyes widened as I witnesed what this prison had to offer.
Roll call begins after, with searches on everyone's cells taking place during that time, as well as maintanance on the detectors.
My plans have already hit a roadblock before they began, however.
Nothing here is left to chance.
!Days pass, and I begin to see how things work down here.
Perhaps I could escape these walls, but by what means?I can't dwell on these thoughts for long, though, as I am soon taken out of my temporary holding cell and into my permanent home.
Perhaps it's not a wish to be free, but simply to know the truth, wherever that path leads me.
After which, everyone's esquorted to their jobs, and after that, we're given free reign to roam the halls, but always under constant supervision.
Metal detectors lie just outside of everyone's cells, making sure no one brings contraband in or out of their cells to begin with.
